Waited an hour only to find out they didn't have crab legs.. . needless to say, I was pissed.
gross. period. went to bellagio buffet years ago when it first opened and remembered it was really good. had not been there since then so hubby and i decided to try it on our recent trip to vegas and totally regretted it. the food looked gross and tasted gross and i'm not even a picky eater! let's just say this is the first time i left a buffet hungry.
I had high expectations for the Bellagio buffet due to the numerous amounts of people who say its one of the best buffets in town.  So we gave it a try. . . Wait staff: like most buffets, they come around and clean your empty plates, fill you drinks and answer any other questions you might have. So I wouldn't say they are the most friendliest since they are running around like mad. Our waitress was nice though.. . Food: Well, this is were the review really goes down hill. The steaks tasted like poor cuts of meat or if the meat going bad. It was not tender. We tried the prime rib. This was not too bad. everything else was either bland, tasteless or dried out. One of my friends resorted to eating cookies and drinking milk to fill up.. The King crab legs were not very fresh tasting either.. The Bok Choy had bits of sand / sediment still lodged in its leaf. . While we were there, at least 7-8 tables of people left within 10-15 mins of sitting down due to the disappointment of the buffet. . I am truly sorry I could not give it more than 1 start for such a beautiful Hotel/Casino. Maybe it was an off day for the start or maybe they had food issues that transferred to our meal.. . I highly doubt I will go back to give them a 2nd chance when there are other buffets in Vegas to try.. . Price: At about $35 a person, its very expensive when you consider the quality of the meal. . Overall: My advice is beware, it may not be as good as everyone touts it to be. Since you are in Vegas, you Will be taking a gamble on whether it will be good or not.. . Good Luck and Bon Appettie.
i had food poising twice!!!!!
Let me start by saying after leaving here we took a cab - the driver asked how my day was and I said "well the buffet that we just ate at sucked balls but otherwise it's been a good day." . . To start with the dining room is like a glorified cafeteria, the layout of the food is lousy, and the general vibe of the place is much less classy then what you would expect from the Bellagio.. . Now onto the food - yuck. I tried A LOT of food and the only reason I feel OK giving this place one star was because the roast turkey was awesome. Aside from that here is my run down: Mac and cheese = dry. Bread = stale. Prime rib = flavorless. And the crab legs tasted like they had just been defrosted - horrible!!!. . So i waited for dessert hoping that it would redeem this buffet. At the end of the meal, my mom goes "the pastry chef should be fired, how do you fuck up chocolate?" . The eclairs were basically bread dough with a foul chocolate filling, the strawberry tart lacked sugar and creme brulee didn't have a crust!!. . So moral of the story? F this place - save your money and hit up the wicked spoon (best buffet I've been to - ever)
We decided to hit this place up after doing reaserch on da web and this was rated one of the top 10 buffets in Vegas. I didnt care about the price because we were there in Vegas to celebrate my 30th Birthday. So we went to dinner like around 7 or so and we waiting in this big long line which moved pretty quick. So we get seated and we go food hunting lol. I hit up the sushi rolls section got a plate full but It was not the freshest let me tell you. It would fall apart just by picking it up and the rice didnt seem to good either. So BOOO for the sushi rolls. I go back and hit up the meat section. I got prime rib, quail, Kobe and some sides that I cant even think of being that this review im just writting is when I went last year. The Kobe was not as good as it should be. NASTY as meat. The Prime rib was also NASTY. The only thing good was probably the quail. Oh and the desserts were just alright. Paying like 80 dollas for dinner I expected wayyyyyy better quality food. Im sure there are cheaper and more better quality buffets out in Vegas. I soooooo dont recommend this place because after I ate and we were walking back to our hotel in the Aria hotel halway I was holding my yack in and as soon as I opened my room door  and I YACKED all the food I ate. GROSS
I was definitely shocked by the quality of food at this caliber of a hotel. We ate here for dinner and arrived at 9pm on Easter Sunday. The place was packed and service was incredibly good.. . The food however was terrible. I kept going back for different items, hoping for something quality. All I found were the lambs chops.. . The fish was very dry, the salads had soggy lettuce, the side items were all very weak.  . . I'm upset that the wicked spoon was closed early for Easter Sunday, because this bellagio buffet really just seems aged, tired and ready for retirement.
Caution wait time at this restaurant is ridiculous. We waited an hour and a half on a Monday night. The line to get in is carefully hidden behind walls so you don' t see how Long it is. The place is way over priced, staff is arrogant, and most of the food is geared to Japanese tourists. Food was tasteless, cold, with no cook to order stations. Our local Indian casino (Sacramento) has twice the food at half the price. Hard to believe this is the number one rated buffet in Vegas.
I'm not going to lie, the buffet itself was pretty good.  The prime rib for me was more of a highlight than the kobe flank.  . . BUT the wait staff were HORRIBLE!!  Our waiter brought the wrong drink and never bothered to check in on our table afterwards to see how we were doing. The plates weren't picked up in a timely manner as well.  He didn't re-fill our drinks the whole evening until...  at the end of our meal, I said to my table "i think our waiter kind of sucked."  My brother and cousin were looked at me and said "He's right behind you."  Ok, I might be a jerk for saying that.  He clearly heard me because he only brought my cousin back another drink.  He didn't even look at me.  Even though the service was poor, we tipped him 15%.  The money was slightly tucked under a plate and we watched him when we left.  He first thought we didn't tip him and he shot us a dirty look and gathered his other wait staff around him to watch us.  Later on he found the tip and just put it in his pocket.  Punk.  TERRIBLE WAIT STAFF make for an UNPLEASANT dining experience.
Had brunch this past weekend. all i can say is come on Bellagio. I was very disappointed with the quality/selection of the food. Just like the previous reviewer, 1 hour and 15 minutes in line- not worth it at all. Brunch was $25, which is pretty good deal, but pay 5-7 more and go to Wicked spoon at Cosmopolitan. you wont be disappointed.
4 of us went to the Buffet at Bellagio for Monday lunch. . 2 of us had been to the Bellagio Sunday brunch before, and enjoyed it then.. . We will _NOT_ return.. . We arrived in line Monday at noon and had a 30 minute wait to be seated. (as expected)  Drink service was good, service at the carving stations and the omelette bar was good.  . . Everything else underwhelmed us.  Poor selection.  Flavorless food.. . The meats (turkey, pork, beef, chicken) were tough, dry and flavorless.. The fruit (strawberry, pineapple, and melon) was under-ripe.. The salad bar had few choices.. The cocktail shrimp were OK.. After noon, the breakfast stations had been replaced by an assortment of pizzas and fresh 'sliders'.. For sushi, there were only 3 sliced rolls (veggie, california, and california with krab) and spicy tuna hand rolls.. . For dessert there were 5 kinds of dessert cakes, eclairs, and soft serve ice cream.  A decent selection, but all but one cake were flavorless.. . Overall, disappointing.
The dinner buffet is so bad, the only reason I came here was because my friends wanted to experience a buffet.  Ick.  It's so hard to make food taste delicious for thousands of people everyday, every meal.  Everything was bland, over cooked, soft, or mushy.  I only took a small bite to taste and what I didn't finish, just left on my plate.  What a waste of food.
When the fish tastes like ham there is something wrong.  I would compare this to a cheap $5 buffet that costs $20 per plate.  We are trying to get our money back right now, everything is bad.  Hope I don't get sick.
I was at The Buffet and was happy as always..I love buffet and heard this was the best one in las vegas.  So a  me and a few friends waited in line for almost 2 hrs before getting into The Buffet.  Excited like a little kid in a candy store until a friend found a worm in the food.. YES a worm and it was trying to make a run for it.  The worm was still moving on his plate of food.  All of us stopped eating and report this to one of the worker hoping they would do something about it. The only thing they did was said the manger is busy and for us to take our money and leave.  So to cut thing short no way me or my friends will eat there again.  My friend record the worm moving on the plate and yes it will be on youtube and face book.  Can believe Bellagio would allow something like that to happen and do nothing about it..SO SAD!!!!!
Chaos...bad food...nothing special about it...not worth paying!!!
Me and couple buddies went to vegas for a bachlor party this past weekend and everyone decided to go to the buffet at the bellagio.  After 2 hours waiting in line we finally got in, we went n got our first plate of food and barely took 3 bites and one of our guys found a live wiggling worm on his plate (you can see this video on youtube under "worm at bellagio buffet").  After we all took a look at this worm we all stop eating and the guy that found it went n puked.  We ask to speak with the manager but instead they send out their chef with a cast on her arm and all she did was say sorry and hurry took the plate away, but we insist to speak with the manager because we waited 2 hours and paid our way in and now we dont want to eat there anymore.  I say we waited for 20 mins or so and still no manager then we jus ask to get our money back and go somewhere else. . the point is just cuz we are not a "diamond card" holder or a "VIP" that doesnt mean we get treat like shit, we are still a pay customer at their buffet. . NEVER GOING TO EAT THERE AGAIN
They need to rename this the Barffet at Bellagio.  This buffet sucks fatty balls.
For the price... they are crazy! LOL.. And when I went, it was with work so it was paid for by my boss & I still couldn't enjoy it :(. . Fish was poorly cooked & seasoned. Some pasta was ok. The best thing was my salad. The desserts were no diff than the smaller casino's buffets. . . I guess I was expecting more & was very disappointed!
WTF? Where do these people who are giving this place 5 stars normally eat? The dollar menu at McDonalds? Carl's Jr.? . . They raised their prices to $45 plus tax per person for the holidays yet the menu is the same. So, you're spending $100 for a dinner for two no alcohol. You are better off going to one of the finer dining restaurants for that price and getting alcohol as well!. . Went there at 4:30 for dinner. Everything looked old. The already super model skinny crab legs were cut in half lengthwise, the salads were wilted, and the sushi translucent. . . Nothing was really great or even good, it was, edible. For $45 a person in just food, I want better than edible. Tuna Helper is edible and I'm only eating that when the boxes go on sale for a buck.. . I think I'm actually kind of mad at this lipstick covered pig.. . Oh yeah, and I witnessed a little fat kid reach into the shrimp bowl with his bare hand to grab a fistful. I don't know who to blame for that: The parents? The kid? The buffet employee who saw and didn't switch out the bowl? Who do I blame for such an affront? Needless to say, I passed on the shrimp.
I'm really surprised out how mediocre this buffet was given the reviews on the internet. We waited about an hour, but once we got in we found the dining area to be only at about 75% capacity.. . The food was standard buffet fare. The crab legs were salty and old tasting. And the waiter never returned to refill our cokes.. . A better buffet can be found at the Rio.
We came to this buffet because it billed as the best buffet in town at the time.  We were extremely disappointed because all the food was at the wrong temperature.  The food that should be hot was only slightly warm and the food that should be cold was only slightly chilled.  The flavors would have been good if severed right and that only added to the disapointment,  We walked away wanting our money back and vowing never to return.
Long ass line. $32.88 for lunch buffet. The cashier was a bitch...attitude up the wazuu. The hostess was nice, our waiter server Eric was awesome (Sweetest Guy ever). . . The food (vegetarian pov): was disappointing.. . 1) Breakfast: breads were cold and stale. Oatmeal was cold, they make fresh omelet but the station is towards the back away from the rest of the brkfst items...(all breakfast items should be grouped together, pastas together, seafood together etc....).. . 2) Sushi: rice was old and really cold...not fresh, sloppy cutting, sloppy display; wasabi was pasty like ketchup. . . 3) Dessert: cheesecake was moist but at times not available, because they didn't re-fill the countertops fast enough.. . I give this place a. NEGATIVE 1 STAR.. . Overall this was a disappointing experience because of the lack of freshness, lack of elegance, lack of everything for the price tag. . Bellagio buffet is not worth the price, even if you eat meat. . . Better off going to the Sugar factory across the street...pay less and get 100% better food...that is fresher!
Perhaps indicative of decline in tourism? Not sure but it's very obvious that the Buffet is not what it used to be. "Kobe" beef roast? Not even close. Prime rib? Who knows but both were so dry and overlooked. Crab legs were so water-logged. Other buffet items were subpar. Sushi is okay. They make rolls with way too much rice and offer little filling. . . Too many other restaurant choices to go back anytime soon...or ever again for that matter.
Im disappointed on this buffet, nothing special If your a tourist and looking for an amazing buffet go to M buffet please.
After reading all the incredible reviews about your Friday night Gourmet Dinner, I was enthusiastic about the opportunity of dining at The Buffet. Unfortunately, I was extremely disappointed. There was nothing gourmet about this dinner. . . I arrived at 9:15pm and clearly paid prior to entering the buffet. I was hungry and excited to enjoy the culinary delights. The dining tables were dirty with trash all over the floor. This was quite unexpected. Furthermore, service was horrendous. My plates were never cleared promptly upon completion of my meal. I would return from the buffet line to the same set of plates, with no room to place my new plates. The buffet food options were also unacceptable. The seafood was not fresh, rather suspiciously fishy and to the point where it might have been spoiled. There were limited options as items were not replenished even though the buffet remains open until 10:30pm. The "Kobe" beef was tough, dry, and inedible.. . Don't go here, spend the same amount of money and go to Sushisamba at the Palazzo!
No, no, no, NOO!. garbage, garbage, garbage.. . I don't understand why everyone is raving about this place-- it is really not good.. If you like flavor, you don't want to eat here. If your sober you don't want to eat here. . If you value yourself you don't want to eat here.. Over priced, tastes like blahhh.. . Nah. Just eat ramen for a quater okay, your drunk anyways. . .
A few reviews got it right. This place is nothing special at all. Could be any second rate buffet anywhere. Dry, cardboard textured fish, wet, over-dressed salads, soggy pizza, and what I would consider a lack of choice. Oh, we also sat at a table surrounded by tables that had not been cleaned - dirty dished heaped around us. The value is there if your going to make 16 runs to the crab claw and shrimp table as most where doing with crab legs stacked 18 inches high on a plate. My advice - skip this place!
Lunch for two on April 12, 2012 - Thursday afternoon at 2 PM. Worst buffet Ive ever eaten at in Vegas. $48 for two - food looked decent, tasted like crap. Overcooked, over salted mushy pastas... Shrimp were soggy and limp (old), Seared salmon was very fishey, tasted oild, RIbs were half cooked and tough and VERY salty, the ceaser salad was limp and soggy, even the cheesecake was bland and pasty. HOW do you ruin cheescake? The only decent food I had was the flank steak (and I could have gotten a top flank steak anywhere else for $5.99)  I went here because I'd read good reviews online... I normally go to Sams Town or Rio. I will never go back to this buffet again it was a waste of money and time. I could barely eat the food and I am NOT a picky eater! I almost complained immediately and asked for my money back. I wish I had, as 90% of the food we took went into the trash..
I had heard so much about the buffet at the bellagio before my trip to Vegas and from my experience it was a total disappointment. The selection was limited and the food was no better than a sizzler.. . I think Vegas Buffets build a huge rep and once the crowds roll in they lower their standards and quality.. . We also went to Wicked and liked that much better.
Wow...for a casion like Ballagio I would think this place would look amazing and have excellent customer service. No! The line is extremely long and the staff is rude as hell.  We were in line maybe 830 and didnt get in until around 930. The person yelled out that the place will close at 1030 and food be taken away. No refunds! Wow..... . So when we got into eat finally, I expect this place to look beautiful. Nope. It really look like your average buffet in your hometown.  We sat down and our waiter is an old Asian man who really shouldnt be working in a fast pace enviornment like that. We are Asian too sonof course we tried to be nice....but he wasnt having it. Our plates were piling up and our drinks were not filled.  I felt bad for this other young waiter who had to wait for our table because this man did not want to help us.  . . Our waiter was so bad, I saw the manager come over to him and yell at him to clean our table and get our drinks.  When he finally came over and forced to ask us if we are doing okay!   We said fine ( not really) and told him what drinks we wanted.  He never came back and the young waiter did it for us.  I saw him yell at our older waiter later.... . So...that isnt all! My friend was getting some food and thia time their cook staff was hastily throwing food away even though a lot of people were there eating.  One guy dumped a whole tray of old food into the trash right in front of my friend and she was splashed with the dirty food! We all complained to the manager.  She didnt seem to care.  She said she only can talk to the waiters/ people in her department.  The cooks are separate.  Well we said if she can talk to their manager.  She said she would...and that was it.  She didnt seem like she cared and I am sure the issue was not addressed.. . I really enjoyed going to the Ballagio but after eating here I feel like Ballagio isnt that reat anymore.  This Buffet really need to have a lesson in customer service and find our ways to treat their pyayimg customers better
The last time I came here, I was so impressed and couldn't shout my praises louder.  Last evening, was the most depressing letdown ever!  Basically, we got there around 8:30, waited for 30 minutes and this was fine.  However, by the time we were about to move onto dessert, our waiter told us the food was being put away and to get our dessert quickly. So my company of friends went to get a few desserts.  When we sat down, the waiter told us time was up and we had to leave!  "WHAT?! "  I had a plate of food and couldn't eat it?!  This is unheard of! This was all in a span of 5-10 minutes.  I've never hear of such a thing. Prices were also raised for this Mother's Day weekend. The couple next to us didn't even get to their dessert and just got up and left when they heard the waiter tell us time was up.  There were 3 different parties of people around us who were all kicked out without enough time to complete a full meal!  . Come early and don't expect service!
The buffet at the Bellagio has gone downhill in a big way. Had the weekend brunch here and the selection was not all that great and what was there was often cold and bland. Service was also not very good. I remember this place being so much better years ago when I first came here. For $25/head ($30 if you want champagne), I expect a lot better selection and quality. Don't waste your money here.
so very disappointed. bellagio used to be one of my favorite vegas buffets, and now it has been reduced to the worst on my list.. . the variety was simply lacking. and worst of all, the quality was abysmal. there was nothing that i wanted to eat, and everything that i did eat was sub-par at best. i was stunned at the fact that the carving station only offers medium or well-done prime rib. it was far too overcooked for my taste, and the carver was rude and unskilled. after asking multiple times to slice the prime rib thinly, he continued to carve 2 inch thick slices to patrons. everyone was frustrated with the carver, his rudeness, and just the appalling waste of food because he was incapable of slicing anything less than a size of a brick.. . another shocking discovery was the installation of soft serve machines and the disappearance of hand scooped gelato. this utterly disgusted me and was the final nail in the coffin. who the hell wants drippy icy ooze that melts the minute it hits the bowl? it was worse than the local sizzler.. . and there is an average wait of 45 minutes for this atrocity? no thanks.
it was awful. sushi was serve with thin slice of fish and a lot of rice, ribs was chewy and it does not fall off the bones, crab legs was too salty, pizza was soggy and greasy,fruits was not ripe and sour,steak was chewy ( picture yourself chewing gum),mushroom soup was salty and whole mushroom( not thin slice) does not taste good  with soup, fish was chewy and dry, and last, those annoying ,smelly,hopeless,lung cancer, smokers that stink the place
Every time I come here I think it's going to be up to par with everything else Bellagio has to offer.  But, it fails every time.  The food is not tasty.  Plate after plate I threw away.  Hoping for something better next trip to the buffet.  It made me feel responsible for world hunger.  It made me want to have a word with the chefs about how to season.  It made me wish I was at the buffet at Wynn.
Not worth the wait and the price.  I had other las vegas buffet for third of the price that was much better..... and no 40 minute wait in line.
I waited about 1.5 hours on a Saturday evening and paid $40 (including tax). The food was definitely not worth the price or the wait. Given the Saturday dinner time and price, this was supposed to be Bellagio's top of the line buffet. There was a really big selection of food. However, the taste was truly subpar. Crab legs were really salty that evening. And actually, everything was incredibly salty. It was like Bellagio's approach was to oversalt everything and overpower all flavors. There was also some truly terrible Thai food that would not even be worthy of any regular restaurant, much less a world class buffet. If the buffet were $20, it might merit three starts, but for $40, it's really bad.
Seriously overrated. After a one hour and fifteen wait in line, we were ushered to our table. This place was mediocre and not worth the price. There is far more bang for the buck out there in Las Vegas.
The snow king crab was oversalted preventing you from eating alot. the kobe beef was harder then my calculus text book, the prime rib was overdone, no oysters on weekday nights, mussles were too salty, soup too salty, all the other dishes were dry, too salty and everything was plan ordinary and flat. The Bellagio must fix this, this is not acceptable. To pay 37 per person and get this quality, i can get better at the local chinese buffet with more food.
After finding out they are serving Kobe beef steak we decided to bypass M's and Aria's and eat at Bellagio's. What can go wrong with all you can eat Kobe beef, right?! WRONG!! What a horrible mistake we made. First of all, they charge kids 5 and over FULL price as adults. What a rip-off, how much can 6 yrs old eats?!...... The Kobe beef is such a disappointment, the meat is overcooked and dry like they are from Home Town buffet, I tried two different batches and they all tasted the same.  I actually felt sorry for the "KOBE" cows that had to die for this... With so much other BETTER options around Vegas, we will never be back at Bellagio's buffet.
As locals i Love Buffets. Came here with a large Group of ppl on a sat Morning (12 of us ) 1 Noir Member 2 plat Members. . We didnt came Together so the First Group was seated & we 2 Joined them. After 3 min our waiter came & Asked us to Pay 18% gratuity because we are more then 6 or 8? Don t know it any more. . We told her that the First Group already Paied the 18%. . She insisted & wanted us to Pay it now. . So we told her over And over to Check it again. Then the supervisor came & told us the Same story again. . Instead of checking the check Before asking us !!!!they let us Look like we Where lying. Come on that was so embarassing. . . Will Not go back.
Came here solely because I heard they had Beef Wellington. It was completely devoid of flavor. I ate about 3 servings of it, all from different Wellingtons, and none of them were cooked anything less than medium-well. SERIOUSLY?. . The rack of lamb was even worse. It had almost a sweet taste to it. Do they not know how to season their food?. . Their only redeeming quality was the variety of desserts offered, none were great but they were good and there sure were a lot.. . In the end, the desserts can't make up for the hefty $40+ price.
This buffet was such a let down.  There wasn't one single item on the buffet that stood out as great.  The fact that I paid $42.00 for it makes me think I would have been better off gambling with this money and getting a burger from a fast food restaurant.  The beef wellington was well done and had very little seasoning.  As far as the rack of lamb, there was only med well and well done to choose from.  I could go on and on, but the Wynn is so much better and basically the same price.  Go to the Bellagio to watch the water show, but move on after that.
$77 dollars for two of us on Sunday the 25th of November and the food was not worthy of a 10 dollar breakfast anywhere in the country. Everything was cold, under cooked or over cooked. We gave up on breakfast and tried the shrimp and crab legs just hoping to try to get something for our money. The shrimp were good but the crab legs were frozen. Needless to say we ate about 10 bucks worth of shrimp and left. I have to say I was very disappointed and left angry that I just paid a premium for really horrible food. I would never go back. Do yourself a favor skip this and go anywhere else.
Very unpleasant staff. When I questioned why price was 17.99 yesterday and now 30 today, cashier rolled her eyes and in an exasperated tone informed me that weekend brunch was more. Ok. Try posting prices and we won't have to ask!  Then trying to get seated with dozens of empty tables took 15 min of waiting for 5 staff members ambling around like mindless zombies to finally decide to seat people. Then getting served cold "hot" tea by a clearly confused waiter/waitress (? - still not really sure what they were and I'm a physician). I think next time I need to just grab a croissant elsewhere
Absolutely the worst!! This is the first time I have ever commented on Yelp, but was so disappointed I had to write.Totally felt taken advantage of. Waited in line for an hour and a half and paid $47.99 for the "holiday" meal. "Kobe" Beef ice cold, crab stringy and partially frozen, pastas just a big glop of starch, stations were sloppy & not maintained. Then they wanted to add an 18% gratuity for a group of 8. Seriously another $70.00 to clear plates & bring drinks?! I will stick to the Wynn!
I was starving for almost 16hrs and then had to wait for 2hrs in the line for the buffet lunch. By the time we got to counter, it was 5min past 3pm and then they charged ~50$ for dinner instead of 36$ for lunch.  And then  when i went inside to eat, found that there was not much options for vegetarians.  My advice is , if you are a vegetarian dont go here.
We went to Vegas over Thanksgiving weekend. I really wanted to have a nice Vegas buffet and since I hadn't eaten there before, decided to check out the buffet at the Bellagio. The line was a bit ridiculous but we dealt with it. It gave our toddler an opportunity to take a nice long nap. We probably should have just gone somewhere else.. . We hit the sweet spot right before lunch ended and right before dinner started. Lunch prices for dinner food. We had to pay holiday prices, though, which sucked. . . The service there was horrible. We were given our initial drinks, then never asked if we wanted more. We, literally, had piles of plates on our table before they were cleared and not even midway through our meal, our waiter told us he was getting off of work and he wanted to give us our drink bill then (because we might not want more???).. . The food was OK at best. Fortunately, we were smart and stuck with the pricier options so we wouldn't feel too ripped off but I still wasn't impressed. The crab legs and shrimp both tasted fishy and the crab legs had ice crystals in the meat, the first prime rib roast they had out was massively overcooked and dry (even the center cuts), the second was done nicely, but they cut the most ridiculously thin slices. Sushi, lamb, squab, etc. was all just average. The pastas reminded me of the pastas at the hot buffet at Souplantation.. . The average food and even the awful service probably would have all been forgivable if it wasn't for the other patrons. You'd think these people had never eaten before and never learned manners in their lives! People were literally shoving each other out of the way and cutting in lines for their chance at a slice of meat. There was a line for the squab and one woman not only pushed her way to the front, but proceeded to pile her plate with over a dozen of those little birds.. . Overpriced, overrated, miserable experience.
Went there two times...totally disappointed. Super over price, food sucks especially the sushi, not many choices...totally dun worth $35 per person! Dun go here... go wicked spoon at cosmopolitan. Brunch only $22. Nice place, good food, many choices.
Yuck!! I can only speak about the breakfast buffet but for $20 plus tip you would think the quality of the food would be a little better. In good Vegas fashion its all flash and no substance. Sure they have all kinds of food,,Chinese, pizza etc (for breakfast) but the quality of the ingredients is low low end. Bruised fruit, rancid tasting hollandaise, smoked salmon that smelled like old socks and watery coffee. Even the lighting is depressing like they only had money left over for some cheapo neon tubes. I guess if I had been drinking and gambling all night I might have enjoyed this before going to my room to sleep it off. My advice, unless drunk skip this place.
This place was horrible. May be its better any other day, but my wife and I went there and damn it was bad. Almost everything we tried tasted like crap. My wife loves the crab legs, but there were so over salted that we just didn't even get to eat them at all. Everything was just bad, bad, bad. Paris so far as the best buffet there by far. Never doing buffets in Vegas again. LA has the best buffet. Hokkaido in Sherman Oaks for like half the price!
RUN LIKE HELL!  Or you will get the runs like hell..... . I went for a brunch buffet on a Friday and boy was that the wrong choice!  Just by looking at the "food", one can lose their appetite.  That is, if they didn't lose their appetite on the way in by looking at all the Jaba-like creatures that inhabit this gourging room.. . Every bite I tried was obviously "food" that was from the dinner buffet from the previous night.  Never in my life, even all the times I played Russian Roulette with grocery store sushi, have I had an abomination as horrid as the California Roll at Bellagio.. . How one can make a California Roll so nasty, is a work of art in of itself.  California Rolls shouldn't have a hard outer shell.  . . Thank you Bellagio for the day and a half's worth of brown liquid that exploded from my butt hole.
5 years ago, this buffet was probably among the best (if not the best) on the Strip. On my visit in 2010 it was mediocre, last year noticed quality has gone down but like a douche, my husband and I decided to give it one more try this year. BIG mistake.. Variety is well, there really is no variety. Standard fare and actually, seems as though they have eliminated a lot of their previous offering(Couscous, lamb etc) Food has no taste whatsover, got a slice of Kobe beef, took two bites and chucked it. Had some chicken pasta, so bland, my 7 year old could make better pasta.  And we paid 35 a person for this???. Only "saving grace" was dessert. They do a nice presentation of the desserts but I'm not there to just eat dessert. I could do that at Jean Philippe Patesserie. . Never again. Never again. The Wynn and Aria buffets surpass.
Food was stale. It tasted bad. Not many options. Service was pathetic, 10 of us wanted to sit together and they did not join our table. Also, dinner is very pricey. I would never go here again.
My girlfriend and I came in around noon on Monday for lunch. I purchased one lunch pass and used a comp through myvegas card for the second pass. The cashier rang it up as two transactions. The first through the myvegas pass and the second on my credit card.. . Once seated, our server took our drink order and looked at my receipts. She then claimed that I had only paid for one person and needed to buy another pass. I pointed out that I used a comp for one person and paid using my credit card for the second, hence the reason why I received two receipts.  She then instructed us to stay seated until she got someone else to look at it.. . A few minutes later, our server brought who I assume was a supervisor that said the same thing. I repeated the same story and pointed out our cashier and told them to ask her. The supervisor then asked if she could see our comp ticket to prove my story. At this point, I was getting visibly frustrated since it could've been easily solved if they walked 30ft to ask the cashier. I told them my comp ticket was taken by the cashier but I had two receipts each showing a pass for each person.. . Eventually, they brought over the manager to the table. He asked what the problem was and the server told him that I only bought one pass. Before, I could get a word in, he told the server that he saw me use a comp and buy another pass for my girlfriend.  He then showed the waiter how on one receipt it showed comp and other where I paid.   Without apologizing, the waiter finally said we could get our food while she got us waters.  Later on, the supervisor came back and asked if we had bought another pass. Luckily, the manager was within earshot and told her everything was fine with our table.. . At that point, we had completely lost our appetites.  A small error made by the server could've been really resolved if she read our receipts properly or checked with the cashier. Instead, neither the waiter or supervisor did this and we were accused twice of only paying for one person.  Our dining service was fine after that. She attempted to overcompensate by asking us if our table was too wobbly or if she could bring us additional silverware.  Not much would've to made up the experience to us at that point.. . We didn't seem to be the only table to be having issues as another table a few rows over was accused of the same thing by a different waiter.  The same supervisor came over and told them that they had to vacate their seats. This table had already gotten their food and are forced to get up holding their plates and try to resolve the situation.  The entire group was visibly upset as a couple of them went back to their cashier to get her to resolve the problem. The same manager resolved the situation quickly but at this point their table was given to another party.  So a group of four people stood at the front of the buffet, each carrying a full plate of food, waited until another table opened up.. . How was the food? I don't know. You could've feed me gruel and I wouldn't have been able to tell a difference.  We left in less than half an hour and didn't even finish three plates between the two of us. I guess being accused multiple times of trying to cheat the buffet killed the mood and our appetites.
Hubby and I went hereover Memorial Day weekend and had high expectations - andy why not, this was Bellagio of course!. Where oh where to start...at first pass the carving stations all look wonderful, but alas upon tasting each one, nothing and I mean NOTHING stood out or even reached average...yes, they were all that bad.  Everything seemed to be just sitting way too long and meats were dried out...the Wellington was something we were looking forward to trying, but what the hell is that piece of liver in there for!?  Aaahhh.... to top it off, for the price you pay you would expect to have some steamed crab legs, especially on a holiday weekend - come on!  And why aren't your chefs doing their best in keeping that station filled!?  Legs were so skimpy and it gets irritating when there's only one set of tongs while 8 people are behind you just hawking at their chance to grab those tongs outta your hand.  Make a bigger crab section for god's sake and bring out more serving tongs!  The whole layout of their food sections is so compact that everywhere I turned, there was someone in the way...and please get rid of those stupid rope barriers between your meats and sides, they don't work.. Our server was non-existent the entire dinner and our plates were being picked up by other servers who were passing by and noticed that we were eating with our dirty plates still at the side of our table...where the hell was our server?? Nowhere to be found or seen - and I'm serious.  We did not see him at all from a distance or walking around anywhere else....he just disappeared and the service for our table was just ignored.. Trying to get the best of our money, still gave other items the benefit of the doubt and tried a little here and a little there....but nothing worked out.  And this fact was most evident later that evening and the following day when we both fell ill to what we devoured there.. Never have I ever thought that I would be rating a 5-star resort buffet giving them only 1-star....too bad.  We will never be back here.
I was really looking forward to this buffet only one we went to on our week long vacation I was disappointed all the things I heard were great   It was mediocre  31 dollars a person  if this is the best buffet in Vegas I won't be eating at any other buffets in Vegas  I hate to right a bad review
Food is wonderful!  But service isn't.  We requested a larger table since we had a party of 7. Nancy seated us to a table put together that consisted of a table of 4 and 2. That put 3 at each side and one at the end. We paid good money for dinner so we wanted to be at a comfortable table with room. When we asked to put another table for 2 onto our table Nancy said " we seat 7 here all the time and it fits". When we insisted,  she finally gave in with dirty looks, and I saw her mumble something as she walked away. Our server Miguel also seemed like he wasn't in a good mood, but at least he didn't argue with us.  I have been working in the restaurant industry for awhile and customer service has always been my number one priority. I'll visit Caesars Palace next time I'm in town
Pros :. Variety was decent. . Cons :. Overpriced!. The quality of the food was well below par.. Service was bad.
I'm sorry, but I just really did not enjoy the food here or the atmosphere. I paid $32 for a Saturday Brunch that was not even worth the money. It lacked quality and freshness I was looking forward to. The dessert seemed to be the only thing decent as well as the prime rib. But I cant even remember anything else there to like =( And I am a big buffet goer person. I have had better at "The Buffet" in Reno, NV.  And I literally tried everything I put tiny bite sized portions on my plate of everything.. . Pizza was poorly made.. Brunch Sushi was crap...vegetable sushi and some cheap a$$ california rolls...like wtf. I'm paying $32 for a buffet, can I get some tuna or salmon at LEAST? weird to have experienced that.... Smoked salmon was too salty, but was happy to see all the toppings it would need like capers, cream cheese and red onion, seedy mustard, etc.. Farfalle pasta was good.. Some of the fish was good too. but nothing wowed me at all.. . Overall I dont want to waste my time reviewing this place that I did not like.... . Will never return. As for the service it was fine, besides the watered down grape juice I got.. . Pluses: Free soda, coffee, teas and lemonades included?
I visited The Buffet around 1pm on a Monday.  The food was so-so and not very impressive.  I found (and almost ate)  what looked like paper trash in the salad mix. The waitress explained it was the wrapper from the salad bag.. . I wouldn't go back, I was with 5 girls and we all left hungry.
Thank you Bellagio for the food poisoning this weekend. . I was expecting to get sick and throw up at some point this weekend.... but not from food.. I do have to mention their paella though, it was really good and had the perfect flavoring. A little piece of home. I wish I could say the same for everything else
Now if I say Buffet at Bellagio everyone would assume that you will experience the finest in buffet experience you will ever have.  Well, sad to say I was totally wrong.  It's the one of the worst buffet I ever had in my life.  What I paid for was not worth the food they served.  . . The crab legs are horrible (dry and not fresh), all of their sea food is horrible, I should  their teach their Executive how to cook seafood.  The steak is ok but the lamb ribs was  spoiled.  Can you imagine serving a whole rack of lamb ribs that is spoiled already.  . . The only thing that was enjoyable was their Paella and dessert.  The rest are garbage!!!!  . . Stay away from this place!  Don't be fooled by the name of Bellagio.
This place is too much for the quality of food. Everything was either salty or cold. It also made my stomach hurt!! Don't eat here the Bacchanal is the place u need to try!
Very confused how this buffet has such high reviews and is on many Vegas top 10 lists.  There was nothing that I had any desire to back for seconds for.  Sushi was so fishy it was practically inedible.  Chinese chicken on a stick was dry and pad Thai was bland.  Prime rib was average, nothing to write home about.  Seafood (crab legs and shrimp) was served cold and was of poor quality and fishy.  Italian was just pasta with cheap sauce.  Nothing made to order (such as Italian or sushi) as you would usually find at these types of buffets.. . This was one of the few things I wanted to check off of my list while in Vegas. I guess I am just slightly confused and disappointed that one of the highest end hotels and presumably high end buffets could serve such poor quality food.  I figured such an establishment would have some sort of quality control team that tasted the food they were serving but I stand corrected.  I expected it to be expensive (which is fine because it's Vegas) but if this buffet was free I would not go back.
Food is average. One note flavors. Nothing poor, nothing great regarding the food. Drinks were strong when we could get them. Service was negligent and nearly non existent. Pray you don't get Guadalupe as your server otherwise you will be elbow deep in dirty plateware, which is reprehensible at a buffet. Even after speaking to management the situation remained the same. Definitely would suggest avoiding the buffet.
We can for dinner as we arrived to Vegas. I just remember it being cheap but forgot that the selection is limited. . . Their food is dry and not so tasty. Dessert looks good, but not enough to get me back here ever again.
We had dinner at the Bellagio Buffet last night. The service was OK. Our server was great but kind of forgot about us towards the end of our visit. The food was cold. The only good thing there was the crab legs because they're suppose to be cold and the tacos because it was freshly made. The food was under a single lamp that didn't heat the food at all. We let the server know that the food was cold and he told the manager that was in charge. All she did was come over to ask what the problem was and said she was going to talk to the chief. Have no idea what actually happened though because we didn't see her after that. Half the buffet was closed as well so there wasn't that many options. I must say i rather go to the Rio buffet. For a high end casino this was a horrible experience.
The worst the level of food is like a holiday inn.  Nothing fresh all made hours ago even salads all drenched and vile
It was really really disappointing. Nothing was tasty. Several things were inedible. Definitely not worth the money spent.
Waiting a looooooooong time for the holiday meal was the terrible experience at Christmas night, and the food was not as good as expected!
