I have been to clubs/bars all over Vegas, and several other cities in the US, and never have I experienced such a poor attitude of the bouncers, and obvious money grubbing of these guys.  I had been here before and wasn't really impressed, but stopped in on thursday night after deciding to see if things had changed.  The line was pretty long, and we had 3 girls and one guy with us.  All of the girls had gotten some free passes to the club, and I managed to talk to the bouncer, slipped him $50 for us to skip the line, and also to pay for my boyfriends entrance.  We walk up to the line, where the other bouncer is standing, and the bouncer blocks my boyfriend, and asks for MORE money.  At this point we argue, but end up giving him an additional $20 (stupid I know!) and finally get to the point where we pay.  The cashier asks for AN ADDITIONAL $20 for my boyfriend.  He was PISSED.  We explain the situation, the bouncers deny any money was given to anyone, and my boyfriend decides he is going to gamble, that we should go in, and try and enjoy ourselves.  I had already spent $70 just to get into this place, so I was curious.  Nothing special.  The crowd was YOUNG (mainly 20's) and mainly GUYS.  They looked like they were on their daddy's dime, and i wasn't impressed with the bartenders as well.  Being that I love the Wynn so much, its a shame that a club like this lends itself to such a classy hotel, being that everything I experienced at Tryst was less than class.
Had a terrible time the one time I went.  We had bottle service and they put us the furthest away from anything.  Then moved us to the back.  The dance floor smelled like stinky feet, and the crowd was not all that great either.   In the end, horrible staff, horrible service, (minus our waittress), crappy music and average crowd.   Definitely not going there ever.
Tryst is a greedy Club! They boot people out of the club once it is packed so they can charge cover ($40 when we were there) to those waiting in line. We were at the club with a group of 35 people. 4 people were booted during different times of night. One guy was sitting sipping calmly when asked to show ID then was tossed. As a bachelor party, they twice attempted to boot our bachelor, again for no reason. This club is fairly small and has a limit on # of persons inside. The setting is nice, but the dance floor is tight. My right foot might be broken from getting stepped on so many times. I would not recommend this place on any day where it is busy. Drinks are pricy but expected for the scene, $12 for a vodka soda. I won't be returning, Vegas has better to offer.
WORST. CLUB. EVER.. . So i went to this club with a group of friends on a friday night.  Girls get in free, guys pay $30.. . The night started bad as i get into the club, guys think they're the shit here.  One guy pushed me out of the way as i was walking into the club.. . Drinks were RIDICULOUS.  I think my cat can make better drinks then the stupid bartenders here.  Each drink is $15, for the amount of alcohol that i could taste in it, i just might as well have gotten water.  (this is coming from someone that is not a huge drinker). . I have to admit the place was beautiful but what club in vegas isn't?. . This place is wayyyyyyyyyy to crowded.  There is literally no room to atleast sit down since sometimes we girls need a couple minutes break from our heels.  I tried going to the dance floor but iwas mostly standing and getting hit from people not knowing how to dance and trying to walk through.  Someone also got into a fight in the dance floor, pretty tacky.  Security never came.  There is literally no room to walk in.  I don't understand why they overpack this place.  . . Don't waste your time coming to this club, it's not worth it.
The night of 7.16.11 we had the worst DJ on the planet.  He played lame repetitive beats mixed with 90's rap songs.  My itunes shuffle could have done a better job.  No one was dancing and he kept on going.  UGH!!!  We would have stayed longer but didn't solely because of the obnoxious noise coming from the speakers.  I'm not a square... I love house music, techno, rap, hip-hop, etc.  I expected more, especially in Vegas, especially at Wynn. . . Now, the place itself is cool.  Giant, half outside, waterfall, your typical Vas experience.  Fun stuff but the DJ ruined the night.
If your looking for a club with loud music with a lot of hot women this be the place to go. Be prepared to pay out the butt for entrance fees and drinks. Oh and be prepared to wait a while before you get in unless you know somebody or you grease a few palms.
Meh...FAIL. Staff was unorganized.. Total line confusion.. Bartender was snobby and tried to get my friend to pay for the drink she (the bartender) spilled.. Club was not that great, it was a Friday night and the only thing somewhat full was the dance floor and it was supposed to be full because Angela Simmons was celebrating her bday there.. Security is rude if you dont flirt back with them.. . The one star is for the waterfall and the organized bathroom.. . Will NOT be returning.
This place just sucked.. When a person compares Las Vegas clubs, it's easy to assume that the wait and cover charge are all pretty much the same. Therefore, I'm basing my review solely on my experience of the club itself.. OVERCROWDED - LV clubs are overcrowded, yes, that's a given. But, this was not your typical LV club overcrowding. This place was shoulder to shoulder, "I can barely move" crowded.. DRESS CODE? - I get that certain people have connections and therefore the dress code may not apply to them, but, there was about 6-7 white haired elderly guys in sandals, cargo shorts, and a tucked in polo walking around. They had drinks in their hands and were looking around for potential chicks to pick up on.. DANCE FLOOR - people push and shove like crazy. Two girls started throwing punches but were quickly separated by their friends. One guy literally, grabbed my shoulder and shoved me. I turned around, he gave me a dirty look and kept walking while staring at me. He then tried pushing another guy, but that other guy didn't take it so lightly and there began, yet, another shove match. THEN, my wife had one drink spilled on her back and another "accidentally" spilled ON HER HEAD.. . Overall, if you want to have a good time, hit up XS. This place is overrated. The only people that looked like they were having a decent time were the people with bottle service and a table. One group of guys said that it backfired on them though. Since the dance floor was too crowded, they didn't take potential chicks out to dance, so the girls drank a lot of alcohol and "are now sloppy drunk sitting in my lounge area".
Wow this club is a total fail. A big disappointment on a Saturday night. Usually my Friday nights in Vegas is a bust when visiting but thanks to Tryst, theyturned it all the way around LOL. First of all my name was on the guestlist and I didn't know that we didn't have to pay to get in because of course they didn't tell me. I found out because one of my friends told me that she said my name and got in free PLUS got a free drink card!!! I was PISSED i paid $20 to get in this small clustered club. Then I couldn't get my money back and I had to walk up 2 flights of stairs (again) to get the free drink card :-/ no thanks. The crowed here was so horrible and rude like hello it's called "excuse me" dumb tricks! There were just too many people in here and most of them were old women dressed like grannies. The bar is small with only TWO bartenders and 100 people waiting in line. It took 25 minutes for my friend to get her free drink. They won't serve no one in the middle just the side. The customer service here sucked bad. I was in shock because the Wynn is a nice hotel but their nightlife here at Tryst is lacking. Even though this guy asked us to join him at his table it still was weak and small :-/ then we left to go to  XS and can you believe they were going to charge us again even though Tryst and XS is own by the same damn people!! How cheap and tacky of them to do that. We should of went to XS in the first place because a guy we met had a table there but I just wanted us to try something new. Big mistake and I felt bad for ruining my friends night :( ugh Tryst I can't stand you LOL. I highly recommend you stay away from here it's not worth the cover.
Attention Guys: BAIT AND SWITCH!!!. . On both vegas.com and on the official website for Tryst (trystlasvegas.com) the cover charge clearly states that it is $30 for men. Waited in line for an hour and the cashier said it was $50. I promptly left, furious that I had waited in line and wasted my time.
A group of 7 of us came to Tryst to celebrate our friends bachelorette party. The bouncers who let us in spoke to us rudely and made very inappropriate comments. I understand the volume of people they have to deal with but we were not being difficult, acting drunk or giving attitude. For example, as one bouncer was checking my ID, he looked at me and questioned that I was using my own ID. I laughed and said "aw, I was 16 that was over 10 years ago" (not being rude, but friendly) another bouncer on the other side of me  "wow that bitch has attitude". That was incredible rude, unprofessional and uncalled for. I responded with "excuse me?" and he threatened to throw "my ass" out. I was appalled as I always thought that you held your customer service standards at your hotel very high. One of the bouncers also made the bride to be cry as he told her not to "beg" when  she simply said "it's my bachelorette weekend!" she was not demanding anything or being rude, she was simply excited and he could have responded a bit more responsibly/respectfully or even ignored us if he knew what he was about to say was that horrible. Again, I understand how many people bouncers have to deal with but I also think they should understand the nature of their job and that they should make their customers experience enjoyable. Not one of us were rude, drunk or inappropriate - we simply walked away since we didn't want to argue and ruin our night. I did want to ask the bouncers their names so I could talk to someone about them but I was shocked and disgusted by their behavior. They were working the VIP (left side of the line). I hope someone can and will speak to them about their poor mannerism. With the amount of competition amongst night clubs in Vegas, I would think customer service would be used as a competitive advantage and always thought highly if Wynn. Unfortunately, I no longer feel that way and will never return to your hotel. We had fun inside  (which are what most of these reviews are based on - fair enough) but I'm pretty big on supporting businesses that hire good/respectable and classy people. Tryst is not in that business.. . Also, I'm glad I'm not the only one that feels this way about the doormen, to quote a review below. . "Someone should remind the doormen at this club that they are DOORmen at a LAS VEGAS club that lost its steam a while ago. The doormen are pretentious, rude, and think they are too important to make human contact with you (why these people think they are cool.... I have no idea...) Come to LA you assholes and see how a nice club is really run."
All the clubs at encore & wynn are beautiful.......but that's about it, the poor customer service , attitude of the employees that work there is outrageous. I'm surprised they allow them to run the place in this manner treating guests the way the do. They have treated my friends and I completely unprofessional in multiple occassions. They act like the place it's the big deal, when you go inside it smells and the music is terrible!  Doormen are completely incompetent and totally lazy. I avoid all these clubs at all cost, they  will put a sour note on your night, will much rather go to tao, marquee or blue martini anytime.
A) The entire place smelled of VOMIT. I am not exaggerating in ANY way, shape or form.  I immediatley smelled it as soon as I stepped foot into the club area. It was absolutley unbearable. All 6 people in my group agreed.  I just can't have a good time when it smells terrible and strong. barf.. B)The music was WAY too loud. I witnessed more than 5 different people holding their ears.... and its just a buzzkill when  you can hear a word your friends are saying. C)The bartender was the biggest jerk Ive ever encountered behind the bar.  He purposely skipped me and served other people for more than 45 minutes.... It may have been because he saw me holding a free drink ticket... but he also should have noticed his tip in my other hand. Such an a**hole.. . ....I went two years ago and it was completley different.  I'm always one to give second chances, but NO WAY. Im done with you, Tryst. FOREVER.
Went in with a group that paid for bottle service, I am the lone black dude in our crew, @ about 4 I went back to our table which was vacant @ the time (most of the crew had left). Manager comes up and tells me the table is reserved and proceeds to kick me out for sitting @ my table!. . I'm a 15 year clubbing veteran and this was the first time I'd ever been kicked out.. . First time for everything I guess...:(
My friends came here last year to grab free dranks and bounced. So we decided to come here again on a Thursday night. Bad choice! Some promoter hooked it up with $40 guys and free for girls (ugh). The bouncer was a douche! Black dude who just gave me an attitude the whole night. Srsly even marquee bouncers have more respect than you. It was crowded and packed and smelt like vomit inside (yes the other reviews are indeed true).. . The music sucked... house and rap and random top 40s... switching back and forth. So 3 of us decided to buy some beers. I, the girl, was disrespected majorly by barista/bartender, Aleesha. Total bitch! Serving everybody else (all dudes to my sides) ahead of me even though I was there first. She held my card and id as hostage and it took me half an hour to get it back. She kept yelling at me telling me to wait. Seriously, serving others first who got here after me first? Intentional and rude on her part. Honestly, I did what the other dudes did, tried to get her attention and said excuse me, please...  Instead she barked at me saying "don't you see others waiting, etc". Whatever... paid and left. No tip (and I tip very generous since I am a working woman like those men were, fucken bitch). Probably just wanted to flirt with dudes for tips. Pretty sad and degrading on her part...  Only good thing about this club was the waterfall behind the dj, it was pretty nice. . . All my friends didn't enjoy this club. No space to walk, let alone sit. It smells. Floors are sticky. Douchebag bouncer and bartender. Oh wells, last time we will be here.
I have never been treated worse at a club in my life. The bouncers inside the club were so incredibly offensive that I left at 12:15.
I would love to give Tryst four or five stars but I can't and here's why:  my gf and I got all dressed up to go to this club and we were all excited because we had a promoter name and were going to get in for free without line and all that other Vegas BS.  So we get to the club and get in right away and guess what?  There were so many people on that Saturday night that we literally couldn't even cross the room.  I have NEVER been to a club as crowded.  We couldn't even get to the bar to get a drink.  We kind of mentally estimated that making it across the room would've take about 10 minutes..another 20-30 minutes before we actually had a drink in hand.  Another ten minutes to work our way to the dance floor through the hordes of sometimes smelly bodies. The worst part is that the MUSIC WAS SO GOOD!!! But we couldn't even get to the dance floor to dance.  We looked at the dance floor and it was so crowded, just like the walkways that we knew it would be impossible to enjoy ourselves.  This club would be fantastic if the owners weren't so damn greedy that they have to overpack the club and make it miserable for people to have a good time. I would never go back...waste of time.
I dont know why i even bothered goin to this club again and wasted $20! Told myself that i would never come here but I thought it would be different kuz Jermaine Dupri was spose to DJ. Well it was like 1230am and still no sign of JD... i had to leave! I cant stand all that crappy music that they play! that $h!t really gives me a headache! It kills my buzz! they played like only 2 good hip hop songs and tha rest of it was BS! Also, there's no where to stand or sit unless u getta loan so u can get a table! the dance floor is too crowded so im not tryna get my toes stepped on and everywhere u try to stand, them damn swoll @ss bouncers be telln u to move. NEVER AGAIN! FOR REAL THIS TIME!
Hah this place was the worst. There was alot of texts with someone named Keith, 4 or 5 lines to stand in,  and 2 stamps  just to get us in. And what greeted us?  A complete clusterfuck of douches and douchettes, nowhere to STAND (seriously, they will push you along like cattle if you stand anywhere too long) let alone dance or sit.  I have no idea why Keith has a job, this place needs no more promotion, PLENTY of people are hip to this atrocious scene. You know the Rihanna song "We Found Love"...I heard that song while we were there and I was like "this must be the hopeless place!" Granted, even if it hadn't been so unbelievably fire-code-violatingly crowded it would still not have been my kind of place.  The waterfall was pretty, I guess.
Undersized dance floor, rude and pushy crowd, and bouncers who tell you to go back to the end of the line after you waited hours to get there, I think I need a lot more alcohol. Just wish I can blast my way through the crowd to get to their under-served bar...
Would give the club high marks if it wasn't for the fact that they let my wife and her 3 friends in right away and myself and 6 of my friends (all well within dress code) were left in the line.  Only when I asked the head "line checker" why my wife was let in and I wasn't was I allowed in the club.  However, they would not allow my friends.  Fast forward 20 minutes when we got a text from down stairs that my friends would only be allowed in if they paid the "line checkers".  One of my friends had $27 dollars in cash and the "checker" said that wasn't enough.  Only when my wife went up stairs with over $40 were 3 of my friends allowed the honor to pay an additional $30 entrance fee.  What made me more angry was the fact that the head "line checker" told my wife she had good "street smarts" on how it works!  After an additional 20 minutes my remaining friends got so angry about everyone around them getting in that they stormed off only to be told it was "cool" and they would be allowed downstairs.  I emailed the head of the resort and got a simple "we will pass it to management" email.  I will be sure to tell the proper authorities of this practice and hopefully they will get caught and punished.
Seriously a bunch of jerks! Bought a table for $800 and they sat us outside on a tiny picnic table. Then after we were seated they proceeded to take a chair away from one of already seated and give us a foot stool to sit on. What a classless, trashy, bitchy club. Never, ever waste your time or money on the snotty hostess and lame managers.
We decided to stop by here and check things out. Comp admission and drink tickets so why not? Comp drink tickets are only good for Well and Skyy products. I barely enjoyed my drinks and just people watched. . We decided to leave and go to Haze for a little bit. We were walking out and tried to unclip.one of the ropes just to walk thru as a short cut - this wild skinny woman comes rushing over and scream at us DO YOU WORK HERE?! And proceeds to put her hands on us and PUSH ME back to the other side and reclips the rope! A simple EXCUSE ME PLEASE GO AROUND would have worked perfectly well instead of her COMPLETELY inappropriate behavior! Watch out for the long haired, super skinny psycho!!
Please do not even waste your time coming to this establishment. Rude, unprofessional and GREEDY employees run amok here, BEWARE. . . I had the displeasure of coming here for the "club night" portion of my bachelorette weekend. My MOH did an amazing job trying to make sure my weekend went off without a hitch. It's unfortunate that she spent so much time for weeks before we even arrived trying to set things up for our night there, only to have the D-BAGS who work there RUIN our experience.  . . We originally had a deal for 7 girls for 2 bottles, $800 out the door. Too good to be true right? It was. Total bait and switch. When we arrived, we were shuttled to our table which was outside and literally the size for a living room end table.  We started going over bottle prices and explained that we weren't happy about our table which was no where even near the dance floor and not to mention in B.F.E. (Butt Effing Egypt), that's when the level of rudeness began to creep even higher and at an alarming rate. . . They told us that we could have 2 bottles for $1400 and be inside if we tipped an additional $200. WTF?! We were left to deliberate and during this time, a bouncer came by to take one of my friend's chairs and explained that they needed it for the table next to us which had the same amount of females. When we asked if they were going to be bringing her a replacement, he had the audacity to say "maybe". DOUBLE WTF?!?!. Finally, they do bring her a chair but it's pretty much a fucking foot stool.  The bar back who brought the chair whispered to us that he was really sorry and did not understand why we were being treated this way. At least someone in there was a decent person. A few moments later when I see him talk to our hostess a few feet away about the chair situation, I literally watched her smirk and roll her eyes and gesture that basically she didn't give two fucks. There was a group of about 5 men who witnessed the whole exchange from the moment we sat down to the moment we left. Even they could not believe how low these people were acting. . . Basically at that point, we were over it and over the disrespect. We left and took our party to Lavo where I have always had such a great experience. My biggest regret is not making note of the woman we passed when we first walked in who was unhappy and complaining about how much money they were spending there...
RUDE*AGGRESSIVE*SECURITY. I've never had such a horrible experience with the bouncers at any nightclub like I did this past Sunday at Tryst. It was my first time in Vegas and I fell in love with the Wynn hotel....So naturally I was so excited to visit one of their nightclubs. WRONG!! As I was walking to bathroom my girlfriend and I were trying to get through the crowd and one of the bouncers asked us to move when I told him I was trying an I couldnt he pushed me!!! During this scuffle someone steps on my foot...hard! I asked the security standing next to him what the bouncers name that pushed me and he said it was Chris.  Just as a reference the bouncer that pushed me looked like he could be Philipino. So as Im entering the bathroom another bouncer comes and grabs my arm and tells me I have to leave the nightclub so I pull my arm away (2nd time a bouncer lays his hand on me) and tell him I'll leave after I use the bathroom. So I use the restroom I walk put and the bathroom attendant is now kicking me out as well. So I walk out and my gf is standing there with the bouncer and she says we have to go because I flipped off the guy that pushed you. SERIOUSLY?? He laid hands on me!!! So we are really upset at this point and trying to keep our cool so we leave and then ask to speak to the security manager. So a big, tall, light skinned guy, with light colored eyes looks like he could be of African American decent comes out to talk to us. We asked him what his name was an he said Junior....he insisted this was his real name. We explain to him what happened and the whole time he is super condescending and tells us first of all that there is no Chris there and what do we want him to do? So I said I want an apology and he basically said thats never gonna happen have a goodnight and walks off. We then proceeded to the Wynn's front desk and tried to file a complaint. After an hour of sitting and waiting Lindsey Martin (assistant front desk manager) walks out and tells us that the Wynn hotel is a separate entity from the Tryst Night Club so we can file a complaint but they are not responsible for what happens in the nightclub. So I call the info number on the Wynn hotel website and they tell me I need to speak to a purple jacket security officer. So they send one over Craig to the front desk...And he talks to us for a little by this time I have filled out a "formal incident report" with Lindsey. Who assures me she'll take care of it. . Again I was wrong I called this AM to follow-up and nobody had a clue about what I was talking about and the guy I spoke to George from security also didnt take me seriously he told me he was writing down what I was saying and when I asked him to read back what he wrote he couldnt! FAIL Wynn hotel and Tryst Night Club do not know how to treat their patrons. It makes me very upset to know that these so called "Security Guards" can get away with treating people this way ESPECIALLY WOMEN! We are there having fun and when you are in a place like that they should be there to PROTECT us from aggressors NOT BE the Aggressors!!! As for Wynn Hotel staff I understand they may not be responsible...However, this club is in your hotel and you are promoting it so you should care about how they are treating your patrons. Such a sad ending to my first time in Vegas!!!
Terrible! Do not go here if you are part of a bachelorette party!. . We decided to check out Tryst one night while out celebrating my sisters bachelorette party. We were there on a Saturday, and our party consisted of 7 girls. First off, the place smells like musty feet. It was so packed you couldn't even move, forget about dancing! And it took one bartender 10 minutes to help 1 guy.  . At one point, a bottle of grey goose was handed to us by a male who had purchased the bottle. A couple of minutes later, we were approached by a bouncer who told us that we can't have a bottle, took it, and walked away. About two minutes later, we were told to move where we were standing by a bouncer. Reasonably annoyed at this point with the way we had been treated, we decided to leave. The employees are rude and have no sense of customer service. Bottom line, I recommend for others to choose another location to celebrate their bachelorette party, or event!
I sincerely wish I could give them negative stars. I spent a lot of time and money planning this night out and was horribly upset. This is a beautiful club run by rude and greedy people. I brought a group of ladies here for a bachelorette party and we dropped A LOT of money and could have had a great night without the shakedown from the staff. Security was abusive. Overall, my interactions with all the employees were just negative. Not a fun place- we could have done better at another club. I work in the service industry and am a great tipper and an understanding guest. . . It's sad that our big night was ruined by their poor service. I urge to to take your party elsewhere!
I would give this place zero stars if I could. Came here in June 2012 with my girls and this place was overcrowded, bar line was ridiculous, dance floor was TINY, and it was a constant trek to head outside for a smoke. First impression was already tainted! Second time however, I figured well shoot, it was summer time when I went and maybe the club was just overcrowded. My second experience was in the winter time and this place was STILL OVERCROWDED. Like,  either remodel your club so that the dance floor is bigger or just close this place down! The little booths that surround the dance floor are so 1980's and tacky. HATE THIS PLACE.
Please people really? Club is beautiful. 1 star for that. Way overpriced and catered to all the VIP bs. Yeah you're so cool for spending $1,000's on some juice and a bottle of grey goose. The dance floor is not very big for the size of the venue. Waterfall is bigger. What is up with all the clubs playing techno music? It sucks. The drinks are way over priced and the waitress had to have a card prior to bringing us our drinks. Four of us girls were sitting on a bench and were asked to move because it was becoming a VIP sitting area. Nice huh? We just paid $20 cover and bought $100 worth of drinks within 20 minutes of being inside. Get your poor  butts up because you are not valued here is how we felt. We will never visit this club again. Or really any of the hyped clubs. It's all bs. Dive bars here we come.
One word - HORRIFIED. Came here on a Friday night as we were told XS' line was very long and we could come here to kill a bit of time while the line went down. . . We were only here just over one hour. . The only reason I would even give this 1/5 stars is because:. 1) Yelp won't let me rate 0/5 . 2) the waterfall is pretty. 3) no line hardly and 2 free drinks tickets.. . However, those are the only things stopping me from rating it lower. This club is absolutely horrific, it attracts a very dirty crowd. When we were there we saw one guy with his fingers up a girl as they were pressed against a wall making out. On the stripper pole there were two girls and yes they were really good dancers but one climbed the pole and did the splits, legs wide open and she was wearing a mini skirt and absolutely nothing underneath. The whole club saw all of her vagina! Which made my friend and I feel a little sick.. The music they played was questionable also. The venue is also way way waaaay too small, no space! . We felt very uncomfortable in this club due to the type of crowd it attracted on this night and the music played. We drank our two free drinks and left as soon as possible and ran over to the much better XS. I would NEVER return here again.
One of the worst clubs in town. There are a lot newer clubs that are better lay out and have better music. I just don't see the appeal for anyone looking for a good experience.
I gave this club 1 star bc it had a pretty waterfall. Otherwise, it was horrible and trashy. If you like "tweeker" music and are hopped up on drugs then you will love it. I on the other hand was looking for a cool classy place to drink and dance to some top 40 remixes and maybe some hip-hop. Not the place. They were letting girls in wearing those rubber shower flip-flops you can get at the drug store for 99 cents. These should be wore for sanitary purposes only. Not to a night club. Couldn't meet my table minimum fast enough to get out of there! Ended up leaving half of a bottle of vodka behind because I couldn't stand it anymore. Run, don't walk away from this disgusting place!
This place is ridiculous! Had a table which was paid for in full then theres a random fight by our table which no body from our table was involved in and the idiots they hired as bouncers kicked us out our table form no reason! Will not be back and will let everyone know not to go spend their money here!!
We were invited to a great night at a private table paid for by a great company, then we were denied to go in when we were placed in the wrong line (all 6 of us). I tried to have the bouncer help us find our party, but was denied. We had to leave, & the company that we were to meet lost our business. It was a terrible experience due to poor service provided by the bouncers that were unprofessional and wouldn't take the extra step to help us find our group that had paid to meet with us for what would have been the beginning of a great new business opportunity. Don't go to this place to try and impress clientele, the company lost our business & so did Wynn. I will never refer any friends, family or associates to go to this place...ever! This place was degrading  & embarrassing, please don't go there. They were so rude to us! Respectfully...Concerned Business Mgmt
Visited in July 2013 for my Bachelorette party. I cant even really tell you what the inside looks like because it was beyond packed. Lil John was there that night. The bouncer was a d*ick for no reason. Get the stick out of your ass guy, or find a different job that does not require you to deal with people.. . Anyway, got a "deal" through a promoter named Drew- who made it seem like it was the best hook up ever. Yeah... No. Our table was the "VIP" section OUTSIDE of the actual club area, and we were charged the normal price on the bottle service menu. Never again. Musty ass club.
