After all the rave reviews, my husband and I decided to try it.  We got there early, and just in the nick of time, because 10 mins. later the place was packed with people waiting in line.  Husband and I ordered and it took a much longer time to prepare than should have been for the type of food we had.  I had Tonkatsu ramen with extra chasu (bad move) green onions and corn.  The green onions were finely shredded and placed on top like a haystack, and the corn just piled on top.  The chasu was thin and soft and fell apart when picked up.  The broth did not have much flavor.. . I couldn't understand why this place did such a wonderful business when right across the street at Hue Thai you can geta wonderful bowl of pho for the same price, and don't have to pay for any extras.  They also have bahn mi (sandwiches) for which they bake their own wonderful bread.  . . Skip Monta Noodles and get your noodles at Hue Thai!  I don't work for either place. but am a regular at Hue Thai, and will continue to be.
I was so excited to try this place because my friend had really talked it up and she was so excited to take me here. After spending 45 minutes waiting outside, we were sat at a very small, cramped bar. I ordered the miso ramen, I have to say I've had better tasting top ramen for 10 cents. The noodles had no flavor and the broth was very salty with barely any flavor and 3 small pieces of pork. Am I missing something?? Definitely not worth the wait. I will stick with Pho
I expected A LOT from monta noodle house. They call me Ramen Sheriff, because I've tried countless ramen joints and ramen is my favorite food of all-time.  And Ramen Sheriff gives this place 1 star. Dis-a-ppointed.. . They said this was THE best ramen in vegas and even THE best tonkatsu ramen they've ever had. Umm.. not to be mean or anything.. but I still haven't had any better tonkatsu ramen than Santa Ramen in San Mateo. Here was the tonkatsu ramen I had at Monta: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/UPIYuRaZvknINOd1w8kqRQ?select=iPsp5gVQWZ-u3E5DzNlFOQ. . It was SOO salty!! Good thing my friend ordered the exact same bowl, because his wasn't salty but mine was, it wasn't just me. I told the waitress and she said "I can either give you hot water or take it back for them to cook again,but then it would take a while.. do you want me to give you hot water to try first?" I said sure since I was hungry (it's a small restaurant and a long wait). . . She gives me hot water, I add half the bowl and it was still salty.  Disgusting. . . She didn't even come back to ask if it was okay until after I was done with the whole thing!  Good job lady.  Yeah I finished the whole bowl but it was still salty. . . My first instinct was the Tonkatsu-Shoyu bowl anyway, but the same waitress said tonkatsu was better, since it's more popular and very creamy. And it failed. . . Lesson learned: Go with your first instinct!! It's usually always right.
I would suppose they are good at what they do, but I find it to be bland. I did not care for it at all, I also did not like the flavor of the noodles. The tea was good though.
How do you NEGATIVE rate this place?  "Monta Japanese Noodle House was shut down by the Southern Nevada Health District after a routine inspection found 47 demerits on March 12.. . Violations included spoiled food, potentially hazardous food stored at improper temperatures and staff not properly washing their hands. Also among the citations, an inadequate number of hand washing sinks and ineffective pest control measures." . . I went here once.. And some days later they shut the place down.. HECKA gross!
Ohh yelpers you have let me down..  I came here based on the high reviews and left disappointed (I didn't even finish my ramen).. . This place is super tiny & was packed!  I came when they opened and there was already a line out the door so I had high expectations.. . I had the:. - Tonkotsu shoyu ramen (which has both pork and chicken broth). The broth was lacking.  It's salty but isn't rich.  The flavors are subtle compared to other places like Fukumimi, Daikokuya, and Men Oh Tokushima. ..and the egg in the ramen is a side option, so if you don't order it you won't get it.  The noodles were really different too.  They didn't seem like they were made from scratch.  Whatever it is, it's not what you typically have in ramen.  Also, the chaysu is pretty fatty so if you're looking to get some meat or protein in, you're almost forced to order something else.. or something else on the side!. - Gyoza.  All 6 pieces were stuck together.  It really just looked like a whole bunch of frozen pieces were thrown in a pot so I wasn't too impressed - but they were YUMMY!  . . This place may be good, but maybe for things other than their ramen.
I have been here a few times. The first two were okay, but after continually hearing such great things about it, I decided to give it another shot. The ramen tasted like it just arrived from a 10 cent package of bulk ramen you can buy in a cheap grocery store. Maybe the chef was on vacation? Needless to say, I won't be visiting the restaurant again.
Guess who just reopened??  WON'T be revisiting!! LoL
The first few times I came here, I would have given it 4/5 stars. This review is based on my most recentvisit.. . Monta closed down after failing a health inspection, but opened back up promptly after. I waited a week or so before coming back, but was eager to get my ramen fix. . . The wait time was the usual, maybe 20-25 minutes for dinner time on a weekend. We usually order the Tonkatsu ramen because we don't like how salty the other ones can be. This time, it was very salty, and the ramen might have been a bit overcooked. My boyfriend and I left disappointed with our meal, but we were even more unhappy after getting home.. . We didn't have a problem the last handful of times we ate here, but this left us weary of coming back. Maybe we will visit again soon and this review will change, but for now I give it 1/5 stars.
Horrible, horrible service. They can't keep in order. Waited more than hour after we sat down. All the foods on the menus are greasy and salty. Not worth the wait and money.
We were here just now trying to get a table waiting over 40 min. They kept telling us we cant get a table because all our party wasnt here. we were party of 3 and only 2 of us were here and out of nowhere she seats a group of 5 ppl who only 4 of their party member in the restaurant. If u have been telling us that we couldnt seat becauae not all our parties were there dont seat other ppl whose parties arent all there!! Wasted our time and ruin the night.
It was ok. My mother and I waited for 15 minutes while people that came in after us got served first. The waitresses seemed mad and unhappy but ramen was good!
This rating is not for the food, which we didn't get a chance to eat, but for the smell.  Upon walking into this bustling little noodle shop to put our name on the list, the overwhelming smell of toilet turned us off and we selected a different restaurant to try within 5 minutes.  We've eaten at many ramen places and had not ever been to a place where the smell was so overwhelming and yet seemingly unrecognized by the patrons.
The broth was good, but our noodles were clumped up at the bottom of the bowl and hard. Not coming back here for sure.
BIG DROP-OFF since the last time I dined here, which was probably a year ago when I came here with some friends and let me say that My friends and I  liked this place so much that we literally came here 3 days straight!!! I raved about this place so much to my girlfriendback home in Austin, so the expectations from us were pretty high coming in on a Monday evening around 7 o'clock. The wait time was about 20 min., so it wasn't too bad and the restaurant was pretty full. So I ordered 3 of my fav dishes I had last time to share with my girlfriend. We had miso ramen w/ ajitama (seasoned egg) and corn, Kim chi fried rice, and cold noodles with sesame sauce...so. . Miso ramen- broth was a lil salty and luke  warm, cold corn (which prob made the broth luke warm), the noodles were stuck together in a ball shape, so that was obvious it wasn't boiled long enough. . . Kim chi Fried rice- was very wet and was obvious drenched with a lot of oil. . Cold noodles- were a bit sour and visibly covered with way too much sesame sauce.. . I really don't understand the big drop off in the quality of taste and food and it saddens me to just give Monta 1 star ( star for good service) which seems harsh, but when you get food poisoning that causes your stomach to ache and many trips to the restrooms. How could you consider to go back...
