Yuck! This place is all about presentation. The food taste horrible . And expensive. This is by far the worst Vegas eatery that i've ever experienced. The only thing I liked was the bread serve before the meal. . . Mesa you suck!
it's Monday night and I'm on hold trying to make a group reservation (they consider 8 people a LARGE group). I speak direclty to someone at the restaurant and they decide they don't want to deal with me, so they tell me they're going to transfer me to group reservations. LIAR! she transfered me to Caesar's restaurant line (which I already know is unable to reserve LARGE parties.  So i'm a ping pong between the lines for about 15 minutes...ya, I even wrote this review while I waited!!! HA! A guy by the name of Brandon tells me they'll have to take my number and call me back...let's see when and IF they call me back!!!
We ate dinner at Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill. What a disappointment! To begin with, the walls are not complete (I don't mean "finished") and there are purposeful gaps which let a lot of the Casino smoke smell into the dining area. I was seated with my back against a wall and it really put a damper on my food to have the smell of smoke accompany it. The food? Plain bad. Every dish that we ordered was saturated in a strong sauce, rendering the actual "food" (duck, calamari, chicken) tasteless. The diners to the right of us were overheard voicing the same complaint. My husband Jon's Venison was overcooked and dry. He complained and we received a coconut layer cake free of charge for dessert. Ironically, this cake was the reason that I had booked a dinner at this restaurant in the first place, and it too was dry and disappointing. I much prefer the European way - where a restaurant IS the chef, and the chef is actually in the kitchen overseeing/cooking and being an active part. Bobby Flay owns and operates this restaurant. Sure, he probably cooks there also, from time to time. But given all that we know he does (Food Network, Cookbooks, other restaurants...) he's a business man, not a chef. And the food reflected that.
Perhaps I came at the wrong date or the wrong time, this is their lunch review.. . I wasn't impressed by the menu but ordered the mushroom quesadella.  I lost my appetite immediately when it came out.  Not only was it greasy looking, it had a half cooked egg sitting right on top of a layer of cheese.  EWW, EWW, EEEEWWWW.. . Perhaps dinner or the grill is good, but it wasn't on the menu when we went.
By far the worst meal we had in Vegas.. . When we arrived to place our reservation in person (after no one answered the phone) we were ignored for several minutes by two hosts who were having a personal conversation. . Our waiter took the rude to a whole new level. He didn't even acknowledge my wife for close to ten minutes, speaking solely to and making eye contact only with me. He actually dropped his "game face" before out of eyesight after leaving the table and rolled his eyes.. . The meal started off well with decent margaritas (although the bar only accepts cash or room-charges). The meal then quickly deteriorated. After enjoying some good bread and muffin (one muffin for two people) we had a chicken quesadilla for an appetizer, which was tasty, but overly salty. I ordered the lamb medium rare and it came raw and purple. My wife ordered the sixteen spice chicken which was sickly sweet. Tried the cioppino...it was edible at best. Overly fishy smelling in general with mussels that were certainly past their prime. Overall, the food was overly sweet and generally bad.. . If you want to experience a good $100 plus meal in vegas don't eat here. There are much better places worth your time and money. I recommend B & B Ristorante in the Venetian.
I was expecting a great dinning experience, but left hungry and unsatisfied. I choose a soup the waitress said was mild. I had to send it back bc it was to spicey. The bread basket was to spicy. The steak was ok. The side dish of corn was unappealing also. We had a party of 4 and only 1 person liked their dish. Very dissapointing
Bobby, I know Todd Pletcher talked you into buying Her Smile for the Ky Oaks, but she's still winless for you after two starts.  Sorry, but after this most-disappointing meal, I can't help pay your feed bills again.. . We arrived early on a weekday and the place was fairly crowded.  We both ordered the Salmon--one medium-rare and one medium.  I was halfway through mine when I realized I was give the medium-rare one and not the medium I had ordered.  The waiter never bothered to check that one may have been cooked differently.  Wound up leaving the half of my undercooked fish because of it.  Suggest you talk to your servers about this type of mix-up.. . Mashed potatoes and the twice-baked were extremely disappointing.  The mashed were very watery with an afterthought of some type of chile sauce or something on top.  The puny and tasteless half-baked was just that and it looked like it came straight out of the microwave.  It actually looked a little forlorn.. . An appetizer (shrimp tamale) was OK, nothing special. Also  had two glasses of imported wine which was decent, as was the service, though that seemed rushed as times.. . Again, I was extremely disappointed with this meal and would not recommend Mesa Grill to anyone.  Maybe it was an off night, but you never get a second chance to make a good first impression with me, anyway.
I think Bobby Flay gave me food poisoning...or at least his Mesa Grill did during a recent lunch.  This one-star review is because I became terribly ill after eating here.  I'm going to contact the restaurant, but haven't yet as we just got back.. . I had the "Spicy Chicken, Sweet Potato Hash with poached eggs, green chile hollandaise".  It was decent but not exceptional. The waiter said it was the spiciest thing on the menu, but it didn't seem spicy to me at all.  I'm wondering if the poached eggs is what made me ill.  . . My cousin had the burger, and she liked it.  My husband had...well, I forget.  . . Anyway, I was very disappointed by my experience here.  I had looked forward to having lunch at Mesa Grill, and being sick for nearly two days because of a meal was not a rewarding experience.  I can't think of anything other than food poisoning given my symptoms, which I'll spare you.
Went with a group of friends.  We're on a celebrity chef kick and were looking forward to trying Bobby Flay's food.  Also, been wanting to trying it as I wanted to take my mom who I suspect is in love with Bobby Flay.. . #1, even with reservations, you cannot be seated unless your whole party is there.  We were never instructed/given the suggestion of having drinks at the bar.  Though bar was quite crowded anyway.  The result was a very number of us, maybe 20 or so, standing in the reception area.  A bit of a crowd and much jostling about as people were coming and going and waiters/waitresses were trying to pass by.. . Wait staff seated us and gave menus promptly.  No specials mentioned and they seemed frazzled, Sunday night over Memorial Day.  Had the cactus pear margarita.  Very good.  Had asked if bartender could make a jalapeno mojito but apparently he didn't know how (don't have a fancy smartphone to google recipe?).  Bartender was kind enough to get us the recipe for the drink though.  Wait staff continued to underimpress us as a fine dining experience but were adequate if we pretended we were at Outbacks.. . So the night before we watched a rerun of best things I ever ate Vegas.  Mentioned was the shrimp tamale.  Wow, it certainly was pretty mediocre.  Sauce and shrimp was cooked well but that was one dry tamale.  We ate the shrimp and left the rest of tamale.  Also had the duck tacos.  The duck was a bit overcooked but the sauce was good.. . Onto food, pork tenderloin was tasty, chicken was dry and husband's rib eye steak was mediocre.  I ordered the tuna steak.  I ordered it rare and it came out medium well, there was a light pink center with canned tuna tasting outer layer.  Promptly sent back.  They redid and it was OK but it was obvious the grill master did not have the grill high enough for sufficient crisping of the outer layer. We ordered some corn tamales and corn pudding.  The tamale went mostly uneaten after the first bite and the corn pudding was salty.  We were so disappointed we decided to head elsewhere for dessert.  Total bill was $450+tip for 4 people and drinks.  . . Having eaten at Rick Bayless's restaurant Topo in Chicago, the difference between having the chef on site vs only their name plastered on the door is remarkable.  On a Wed, Bayless was there with a stained apron, sweating away in the kitchen.  It's been 2 years and I still remember that remarkable restaurant.  I will remember this restaurant only in terms of it's disappointments.  All hype and no substance.  May try his flagship in NYC, hopefully will be better but not much inspired to do so after this flop.
I have been wanting to go to Mesa Grill for years. I talked my husband and friends into going to the Vegas location last week. What a disappointment. Appetizers were the best part (fundido and tamale). Main courses were not good. Fatty and chewy steak for steak tacos. Cold sweet potato hash under my eggs Benedict. Cold fries with the burger.when spoke with the waiter about our issues and could we speak to the manager he said that's not how things worked and he would speak to the chef directly. It also would have been nice if the waiter told us we had to pay for water. . Sorry to say I will not recommend this restaurant nor will I rush to any other of Bobby Flays restaurants.
One Star for the service....We didn't dine here.... Read on: . . We decided to go to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill to celebrate my wife's birthday. I've dined and lunched there many times with excellent experiences with both dining and service....except this time. . . Using the contact number on the MG website, I called to make reservations for a Wednesday dinner. Once connected, the operator connects me to the restaurant and I request to make reservations for two at 630pm for the following evening. I am now directed to another operator (not Mesa Grill's maybe hotel?) starts with the "interview": Are you a hotel guest, do you have a Rewards card, blah, blah, blah. Then the operator asks for my address and Credit Card number!!!! I was informed that I would be charged $50 if I was late or absent for my reservation. When I asked "what is late?", the operator's response was," if you do not show up at 6pm and they give away your table- one minute or 20 minutes late." Are you f*cking kidding me? Before I had to submit my W2 form and personal references, I declined to continue with the reservation process. . . Again, I've dined here so many times and enjoyed every visit but this was enough. Mesa Grill is awesome for the food, but this "leave a deposit for your reservation" is ridiculous. We dined at another celebrity chef's restaurant without the hassle. Thanks, Bobby, Caesar's LV, and/or Harrah's Entertainment for screwing up the initial contact process for your Diners.
I have been a fan of Bobby Flay for a long time and was really excited to try this place out. I was with two of my friends from Australia and wanted to show them a bit of southwest cuisine. Coming from Arizona, I have very high expectations on southwest food. . . We decided to go for lunch, since reading the review that dinner is busier. The atmosphere was pretty laid back, all the customers where in shorts and flip flops. So It was strange to me that the hostess told one of my friends to remove their hat because they had a strict dress code (uh everyone is in shorts and flip flops???)  I knew exactly what I wanted (from reading yelp reviews) but decided to test the waiter. I asked him what he would recommend. He then proceeded to tell me "everything" ...OK seriously, what would you recommend? He then pointed to some fish thing and said "this looks good" Test failed!!! . . My two Australian friends ordered the shrimp and chicken tacos. I decided to order the pork sandwich. The waiter told me that this is a cold sandwich with warm bread. Me: "Uh can you throw it in the oven or something" him: "No"- I decided to give it a shot, why not Bobby Flay should know what he is doing. The waiter was extremely prompt about refilling our waters, maybe a little to eager, every time I took a drink he refilled. . . The bread basket came out and me being a carbholic I was so excited for the bread. I tried the Jalapeno one first and thought it was OK. Tasted like something I could get at my local grocery store bakery. I then tried the "famous" blue corn. It was super fragile I lifted it and it fell apart in my hand. The piece I did get was mushy and looked undercooked. I did not finish the rest. My Australian friends took a bite and said it tasted funny. . . The food was so disappointing!! . . The shrimp tacos came out with literally 3 pieces of shrimp and two small tortillas. Uh where the heck is the rest of the food! Same with the chicken tacos. My two Friends ate them in a matter of minutes. My pork sandwich was considerably bigger. But was so weird being that it was cold pulled pork with pieces of fat. Pork fat cold is not tasty at all. I will give them this- the Mexican fries it came with were tasty- but anyone can throw cilantro on some fries and get the same thing. . . I was so disappointed and not to mention my friends were hungry 5 min after we left the restaurant. For being such a big name Bobby Flay needs to reconnect with the local level cuisine. Come to Arizona and experience what real southwest cuisine taste like. . . If you want mediocre southwest cuisine go to Mesa Grill - other wise save your money and try a different restaurant. . . PS I am no longer a fan of Bobby Flay!!!!!
Bobby Flay I was not impressed. Poor quality of meat on the ribeye.. Your dress coast says business casual but a hobo could walk off the street and get a table.   And they pack them in like an In and Out Burger at lunch rush . Very cramped and loud atmosphere.   :(
They served me steak to me almost raw when ordered medium, it came back dry on second attempt.  They boast about their steaks but clearly didn't know how to cook them.  I wouldn't have been as hard on them if their service was ok... however I server made mistakes and blamed it on the kitchen and bar (drinks being empty, mushrooms on plate that were asked to be left off due to allergy, etc)... Try somewhere else!
Cost does not meet expectations. My $52 NY strip steak was more like a $28 - $32 NY strip. 4 people for dinner, $688 with tip and 2 $100 bottles of wine. I'm really disappointed with Bobby Flay. We ordered the wine, they bring to the table, then bring to the back to open - not cool.  The next bottle, I questioned them  about this (I'm not a wine snob / foodie snob, but my wife went to J&W so I've learned to recognize right from wrong over the years).  I also travel extensively for sales throughout the US and internationally.  I've had more than my fair share of steaks. The next bottle he opens at the table and pours the taste into a white wine glass - strike two. There was plenty of sediment in the wine, so I ask him to decant it. Again, before I can say anything, he rushes off to the kitchen to decant and brings it back. Strike three.  Low quality service attributed to POOR management. NO way that they should be getting away with this for the price they are charging.
Bobby Flay would have fired his chief had he eaten the dinner I was served. My Ahi tuna was supposed to be served with a mango salsa, but instead it was served with dried mango chunks. My daughter ordered the salmon and assumed for 38 dollars it would be wild caught salmon, it was farm raised and extremely fishy. The "black beans" were a salty puree and the jalapeno butter had no spice. The tamale side dish was basically dry corn meal with no flavor and the prickly pear margaritas had zero alcohol. The only slight upside was the waiter was friendly. I would never go back.
I (used to) love Bobby Flay and because I like to eat just plants, I frequently modify his recipes to suit a plant-based diet.  I was very excited to try Mesa Grill during a business trip to Vegas.  Sadly, it was a terrible experience due to Mr. Flay's arrogance.. . I asked our waitress if she could recommend a menu item that could be easily modified for a vegan diet and she said .... in the kindest way possible that "Mr. Flay does not modify his food for any special diet - he says you must eat it as it comes."  Excuse me, but I'm not at the French Laundry, and Bobby Flay is not Thomas Keller, so if I want a damn meal of plants I should be able to get it.. . Fortunately there was a salad easily modified to leave off the cheese and it was quite delicious.  My coworkers enjoyed their steaks and scallops and the margaritas were decent.  It was just such an off-putting experience to feel like I wasn't welcomed at this restaurant - we won't be back.
One word: bummer.  I'm a huge fan of Bobby Flay and was so disappointed in the meal we had at this restaurant.  My quesadilla was burnt and the sauce was slapped on the plate. The flavor was dull. My husband's salad was ice cold...and very apparent it was pulled pre-made from the walk-in. Really? This was what we got for a $50 lunch? Service was so-so.  I'm embarrassed for Bobby Flay to have his name associated with this place.
I was so disappointed by this restaurant.  It was pretty sad that the best thing we ordered was water.   The goat cheese queso fundido was recommended by the waiter; it was chunky cheese that was halfway cold by the time it got to our table.  I ordered Bass.  It was so soggy, almost inedible.  AndI couldn't believe that the food at Bobby Flay's restaurant was BLAND?!?!  So odd!  The after-dinner cocktails were super, super strong.  I like to drink, but I don't usually do pulls of Hawkeye Vodka on the rocks, and that's what it tasted like to me!  I would try another restaurant; there are plenty of them on the strip!
A party of two became a party of 4 when two roaches creeped up from the wall!!! I booked this reservation 2 months ago and flew from Miami to celebrate my 30th birthday... Too bad I left in disgust after not one, but TWO roaches nearly crawled on me. Soooo disappointed, Bobby Flay is my favorite food network chef and I was sooo looking forward to dine at his restaurant :(  the manger blamed the construction to this situation. Bottom line unacceptable and extremely disappointed... Way to ruin my night!
We drank, we shared the soup, we ate.. Four hours later we began to feel sick.. We spent the next two days violently ill. . Fearful of dying one moment. Hoping for it the next.. Never in the history of my travels have I gotten food poisoning.. Five days later, still recovering.. Thanks Bobby...
Oh my god.  Are you serious?  This is a restaurant?. . I got so sick here, I felt like I was on my death bed.. . Let me detail what happened here.. . Firstly, try and call to get through to them, to make a reservation.  Good luck!  I think, out of a total of ten times calling them, I was lucky to get through once.. . AND, THEN, these high faleuentant assholes want to hold a credit card for the reservation.  If you don't show, that's right!  $50 a pop!  Lord only knows how much money they would hold in the account area, before it clears.. . Their dry ass corn bread biscuits fall apart in your hand, from their overdone bread presentation.  Why in the hell is raisin bread served at a tex/mex style place?  And, it wasn't that good anyway.. . From their limited menu (What?  Does Bobby Flay have a limited imagination?), we weren't all that hungry, so my other half - Ralph - and I decided to order the lamb.  It came as two chops.  He likes his done one way, and me another. . . Now, the waitress was very nice, and tried to accommodate us.. . So, she asked the chef.  That stupid idiot refused to cook what his PAYING CUSTOMERS wanted.  ARE YOU SERIOUS??!!  I have NEVER, EVER gotten that from ANY restaurant!  iN THIS ECONOMY??!!!. . The issue was with one chop being cooked well done.  She had both of them done medium well, and then sent the other back to be done to my liking.. . The potatoes were goopy, and tasted like they were made from a mix worse than Jiffy.. . My prickly pear virgin drink tasted like the sourest of lemons.  Why did I have to add four packs of raw sugar?. . The collard greens were overly spicy, as this isn't the traditional recipe.  Actually, nothing about this restaurant is traditional.  Had it had an ounce of French tradition, it would have been far better.. . That same night, I came down with food poisoning, and was sick for the next two days.. . We immediately called the restaurant, and complained.  Now, any other establishment worth it's salt wouldn't have blinked twice, and would've given our money back immediately.  Did idiot Flay?. . NO!. . We got referred to their chicken shit security team, who has to take a report, and him haw for over a week (while I am dying).. . WE STILL DON'T HAVE A RESOLUTION FROM THEM!. . DON'T EAT HERE!
All I can say is what a joke.  my feelings about this place were confirmed.  I had a burger and something called southwest fries?????  the burger was soooooo over salted it wasn't even funny (no I didn't eat it) and putting tons of Spanish  paprika on soggy fries is a total waste of time and not to mention gross.   Also the place was not very clean would it be an inconvenience for someone to clean all the glass vases above the bar.
My wife and I aways wanted to try Mesa Grill and this New Years (2013) made reservations we could keep. When we arrived we were early and so we had to wait until 5 minutes before being seated, no big deal. But having had reservations so far in advance we thought that we would at least get a good table. We were seated in what I would say was a bench like seat on one side with a chair on the opposite side of the table. The table to our left and right were so close that eating in a private setting is completely out of the question. You would think being a high end establishment with a world famous Chef there would be world class accommodations. Guess again. Tried to state our case to the Maitre d but they were not willing to put us at any other table. We were very disappointed in what we thought would be a dinning experience.
Terrible food - twice baked potato looked like something out of a freezer case. Expensive for small portions that do not even taste good.  Drinks are very average- couldn't  even get a decent Tanq and tonic
This experience was a total waste of money.  The staff was rude and the service poor.  I had a reservation...but the staff was rude from the get go.  Once seated...had to ask 5 times for a glass of wine.  When we finally ordered, the food arrived COLD and the staff didnt care.  I would NOT recommend the Mesa Grill.  They over promise and under deliver.  What a total disappointment...
Famous chef attraction. Nothing special about the place.
I have dined here 3 or 4 times before over the last three years. I was so excited to come here again to enjoys a great meal. Came this past weekend and not only was I extremely disappointed in the food, so were  the three others joining me.. . My entree was the chicken. Really Bobby?! Really, you put your name on this dish? It tasted like a boiled piece of chicken, yes boiled not broiled with a squirt of Tobasco sauce over the top. That's it, no seasoning, no marinade, no depth and no SALT! And a too sweet tiny tamale was on the side. Gross.. . I'm from San Francisco. Am I a food snob? No. Do I appreciate a good meal? Absolutely! I can't believe we spent $400 for four people on such a crappy meal! I'm in shock at how poor everyone's meal was. One person had the scallops, another had the duck and another ordered the disgusting chicken. . . I'm more more sad than mad. Well now looking back I'm mad also!. Our waiter was very polite and nice, hence the One Star. . . Don't  Go Here is my advice! awful food! There are so many better dining choices in Las Vegas!
WOW,  and i mean that in a bad way.. . Normally i'd give a restaurant of this caliber 2 stars at least, but seeing how it's from a "celebrity chef" I was tougher with the grading.. . So the first thing you'll notice at this restaurant is that they love chili peppers...there are pictures, carvings, embossed logos of peppers everywhere...the doors, the mirrors, the tables, the roof etc.   Sounds good because i love spicy food.   However, the sad fact is nothing was really spicy at all.. . I came here for brunch with a fairly large party and pretty much everyone was not impressed with what they got.     In fact I want to give this place ZERO stars because they did the impossible!  They messed up breakfast food!  I mean eggs? Bacon? Potatoes?!  Those things practically cook themselves!  And they are inherently so delicious I could put them in a bowl and microwave them and they'd be good!. . Well,  this place has completely turned me off to anything Bobby Flay.
I have eaten here about 4 times on various trips with different people to Vegas.  First experience, delightful.  Second, challenging. Third, disappointing.  Fourth, you're out.  . . Meals sent back, comps and all that but I have never been able to have an enjoyable experience again.  I love the coconut cake (a throw down winner that ended up on the menu at all of his restaurants) so every disappointment always had a delicious coconut ending except for our last visit where the cake tasted dry and frozen all at the same time.  . . Call me stupid for so many tries but never ever again - and I recommend you skip it.
I got a nice case of food poisoning from Mesa Grill.  It was definitely contracted there, since that was my first meal in about 24 hours.  I'm thinking their kitchen staff needs to be taught proper food handling skills.  Thanks to Mesa Grill I was sick for 3 days.  . . Worse yet, when I contacted their customer service about it all they did is asked which Mesa Grill I was at and never even offered up an apology or showed any concern at all.. . Thanks, Bobby Flay!!  Needless to say, I'll never step foot in there again.
Wow... Talk about OVERRATED!! I think people are way too drawn in by the fact that it's Bobby Flay's restaurant and not focused enough on the actual taste of the food. . . Ambiance:. This is nice, large restaurant with a small bar area. I guess because of its "reputation" they won't let anyone sit in the restaurant who's wearing a baseball cap or a tank top. I had to borrow my friend's sweater while my friend was told to take off his cap.. . Food:. 1) Complimentary bread basket that I've heard so much about was unique but there was only one type of bread that was actually good. One was nasty and another piece was covered in a thick layer of  powdered sugar. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mesa-grill-las-vegas?select=mBH2IApgViN1Np3ialqhQg#rni-4X8CehE-8vQMWsTXvQ. 2) Burger - The patty was OVERLY SALTY. I couldn't take more than one bite.. 3) Ancho Chile - honey glazed salmon was the only item that I tried that didn't taste like they poured salt by the handfuls into the dish. There wasn't much flavor on the salmon itself. There wasn't enough black bean and jalapeno crema sauce to give it enough flavor. It was decent, but I much prefer the salmon across the street at Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian/Palazzo.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mesa-grill-las-vegas?select=mBH2IApgViN1Np3ialqhQg#WQswlQMg3DSRSwFYVSocoQ. 4) Spicy Chicken and Sweet Potato Hash were topped with poached eggs and green chile hollandaise sauce. The sweet potato hash wasn't fully cooked all the way, so it wasn't all the soft. It's definitely not worth $18. I only liked the poached eggs and their unique green chile hollandaise sauce.. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mesa-grill-las-vegas?select=mBH2IApgViN1Np3ialqhQg#7rdJhKnUpRvNvbcU15fE3g. Service:. I only saw our server once. Everyone else did her entire job for her. The place was so empty and our server just took the order and disappeared. Someone else brought out our food, refilled our waters, busses our tables. I would've much rather tipped the other workers because they actually asked if we needed anything and saw how we were doing.
Food was OK at best, service was horrible!!!! A few minutes after we were seated the waiter came over and asked if we wanted drinks we said no because we had just had a few while in the casino and wanted to enjoy our meal...he then really pushed the margarita menu and walked away annoyed that we didn't want one.  A few minutes later he came back and asked what we would like to order, I had a few questions about the menu items and once again he was annoyed. My husband ordered the pork tenderloin and I the smoked chicken quesadilla, I asked if I could get some lettuce with my quesadilla and he looked and me and sharply said "NO"!!!  I asked if I could have my quesadilla easy on the black beans and he said no the beans are already "pre-pasted" at that point I wanted to change my order but worried if I did he would spit in my food! We also ordered the corn with cotija cheese. SERIOUSLY no more that 7 minutes after we ordered our meal was delivered to our table, great if you are at casual eatery but the look and feel of our meal was VERY manufactured. My husband said the first few bites of his tenderloin were good and then the heavily salted and spiced taste got old. My quesadilla was slightly burnt on the bottom but was edible. The corn was sooo salty we had to send it back and we never send food back, but we thought since our waiter was being such a jerk...why not. We exchanged the corn for the asparagus and that was much better. We ate fast an just wanted to get out of the restaurant! It is literally the WORST dining experience we have ever had in Las Vegas
Wine selection docent exist unless you buy their overpriced spanish wine. No Cabernets or good California Whites available. Food is WAY OVERPRICED for what you get. Small portions and very expensive. I don't mind dropping a few hundred on dinner but at this place after I ate I felt like I was given the once over by a staff of used car salesman. Being local I know there are hundreds of better places to eat for the money. A real shame I used to like this place a lot.
First off, the service was great.  Absolutely zero problems there.  But the reason I am writing this review is because the food ended up waking me up this morning, not in a good way.  I ordered the fish and it was good while in the restaurant.  I did not have any alcohol or dessert or anything else after dinner, since I have an early flight out and wanted a light dinner.  So much for my uneventful night.  It is a real disappointment, especially since I really enjoy southwest cuisine.
Good food at Mesa but bad experience, totally unexpected from a restaurant owned by one of my favorite tv chefs - Bobby Flay. When our food arrived, the plate had a big hair on it, I immediately brought it to the attention of the server and the manager who got my food to the table, they took it back and immediately got one back, just by removing the hair, when I asked them why did they get the same plate, they lied and said they made a different one, it was impossible, first of all I had to wait for a good 20 mins before they got my entree out so there was no way they would do another one in seconds, secondly I was sitting very close to the kitchen and saw it with my own eyes that it was the same plate. I decided not to contradict as I had my 3 yr old around, we barely ate, paid the check and walked out, they did not compensate the dish, neither did they apologize. So not done....not going back.
