box office service sucks!
Was here for a convention.  The bathrooms in the convention area were spacious and clean.  However, the lunch breaks offered very little for the people with any dietary restrictions.  Even my local sandwich shop in Austin TX can make me a sandwich with gluten free bread.....not so much in Vegas.  I ate salads for lunch and eggs/bacon for supper mostly as I was too tired to find a good restaurant with a chef that can do gluten free/dairy free.  Thought the gambling area smelled like smoke, so I didn't do any gambling there.  Since my only other experiences in Vegas are either at the Bellagio or Mandalay Bay, the Mirage is average at best IMHO.. . Update later that same year:  Girls weekend in Vegas for 4 ppl.  Reservations made all together on one credit card and one name so they are linked together.  Requested adjoining/connecting rooms as this was a girls weekend.  When we arrived the reservations were NOT linked.  They did not have us in adjoining or connecting rooms.  They did NOT alter that fact, nor did they seem to care that this was inconvenient or a problem.  They did not address it or offer any compensation for this HUGE inconvenience.  It really affected the trip that if two of us went up and were not the two sharing the same room, then we either had to be apart or cart items between the rooms...same goes for sharing accessories, having morning coffee, etc.  It was just a drag.  The Mirage was seemingly unaware of how girls weekends operate.  Their attitude was uncaring and I will NEVER go back.  Why make a reservation for two rooms in advance if the reservation itself is not honored?  Why pay a reservation hold fee if it isn't holding what you want?  Why go out of town for a girls weekend, if you can't spend the weekend with the girls?  We did have fun, but the inconvenience was a bit dampening.  If you expect good customer service go to the Bellagio, if you want clean rooms and no service, then stay here.
nice work, you've turned a classy hotel into a cheap one, someone had to replace Hilton and Sahara on the strip, it might as well be Mirage..a cheap bottle of champaign for my anniverssary trip was all we got and that was delievered too late..my friends w/ a baby had to change rooms due to urine on the floor..manager was called by host at buffee b/c she couldn't figure out 2 tables adjacet to ech other for a big group and she was rude to boot..no cabana at the pool was available unless you're a high roller..$2000 offerred for bottle service at the jet which we didn't do..didn't let me in the revolution lounge (worst music i've ever heard!)w/ sandals on unless i bought a bottle service..what does that have to do w/ bottle service..wow i can go on for ever but i'm geting frustrated just thinking of our experience there..
I visited the Mirage recently with friends and we all sat down to play blackjack right near the Sports Bar.  It was the most unpleasant experience I've ever had in Vegas.  First, the pit boss, a tall woman who glared at all the players was totally unwelcoming.  She tossed my players card back at me and said nothing.  The table across from us was high fiving each other, basically having a good time and she scolded them - saying there is no high fiving at the table, they would have to get out of their chairs and leave the table if they wanted to high five.  In addition, she told them to keep the noise level down and not cheer so much.  Strangest thing I've ever seen, the table was not being too noisy, and I didn't realize we were gambling in a library.  She kept looking over and shaking her head at anyone who expressed themselves above a whisper.  We decided to leave because she was giving off a really bad vibe.  The group went to color up and the dealer refused, she would not color us out, meaning we had to carry chips basket style to the cage...of course, the pit boss agreed and wouldn't give us chips or even a rack to carry the chips.  Absolutely horrible experience, I will never gamble in the Mirage again, head over to the Wynn, much friendlier there.
Less than happy with the latest stay here.  Have stayed here twice before, both times was in a Suite.  Had a regular room this time,  room was not ready on arrival and after checking in and being told it was ready, ended up waiting for over 45 minutes in the hall outside while room was cleaned.  The whole place it looking a little old and tired,  doubt I will stay here again.
Worst staff ever!. I requested 2 queen beds but they gave us 1 king instead. The lady who checked us in said that they are bringing up a roll a way bed. Told her that if we are not there to put it in the room anyway. When we came back to the room at 3am, there was no bed. I called the front desk and the fromt desk thought I was lying when I said we only have 1 king bed.. "Are you sure you only have one bed up there?" I was like "umm, why would I lie about that?" She told me that they will bring one up in 30 min. We waited and waited and never got a bed. The next day I complained to the front desk, so they moved us into a room with two beds and took $40 off. I personally don't think that's enough for being accused of a liar and dealing with rude unprofessional staff. . Next time I will stay at my usual hotel The MGM.
The stay at the Mirage pretty much ended our desire to go back to the new strip ever again. I waited several weeks to write this..I will keep it brief and to the point: . . Cost - way to much for the oldest newest hotel on the strip - the room was small and they have motion sensored AC so at night the AC will shut off. Two of the lights did not work and the drawer in the dresser was stuck shut and it took them three days to come fix it. The safe never worked, even though I asked to have it opened, repaired. . . Room service left one, yes one, wash cloth for the both of us to use - I had to keep requesting wash cloths and towels. To top it off they never once wiped off the counter in the bath rooms. I purposefully drew a smiley face on the counter with my finger..it was there five days later, along with all the glass rings, etc. . . They let everyone in for free into the clubs, give free drinks to the ladies to get them in, then it is ghetto look out. The two times I left to go to the rest room my wife was groped by some ass hat who would cop a feel then run off. . . Oh, and the topless pool..what a rip off. $250 on Saturday just to sit on a lounge chair. Then by noon the pool is full of 100 dudes staring at the only 5 women who should be topless in the first place. Then you have all the scammers who come in, then slip on a chair with paying, after you have dropped money to have your own chair. Then you have their staff running around "texting" on their phones...riiiigghhttt... . . No more comping drinks if you play video poker at the bar..getting a drink on the floor takes an act of congress. . . This stay was so disappointing I will be taking the time to write the company itself.
My friend had organized for us to stay at The Mirage a few years ago. I remember our hotel room being okay. The beds were comfortable, there was warm water, and all of the appliances worked. It was modernly decorated, but very plain. The hotel was also conveniently located on the center of The Strip.. . Sooo why the one star rating, you ask? Well...our experience with the front lobby was terrible. We had made reservations a few months in advance, but when we checked-in, they told us that they had made an error in our reservation and that they no longer had our rooms. I have had this happen to me once before at another hotel and in response to their mishap, they upgraded our room to a suite without any extra charges. I mean...if you're going to make a mistake, you're going to have to make it up somehow, right? Well, that's not something The Mirage is familiar with. They simply told us that they could not do anything about it, other than book us for their lower grade rooms. Had there been rooms available at other hotels, we would not have settled. We had no other choice, so we agreed. I will never even think about staying at The Mirage again.
10 Reasons NOT to stay at The Mirage Hotel:. . The Mirage needs some serious management training and leadership skills in customer service. I was staying there for the Digital Auto Dealer Conference in early Oct 2011. Here are the "low lights" of my stay:. 1. Called ahead to ask for early check in. I was told no problem. When I got there, they actually laughed at me and said "no chance.". 2. I had to stow my bags with the bellman so I went to the "Bell Desk" to do that and they acted like I was bothering them and then pointed that I should go outside to do that.. 3. Once in my room, I called the bell desk several times to retrieve my bags, getting an automated attendant and COMMERCIALS! while I was waiting for someone to pick up. It took 4 tries to get someone on the phone and once I did, Cynthia laughed at me when I told her the substandard experience I had just received. I actually asked her, "Are you laughing at me?" but she didn't reply.. 4. Whenever you call any dept in the hotel, they don't know your name. They ask you every time to state your name, making me feel unimportant.. 5. Most every hotel these days has an in-room coffeemaker. Mine didn't so I called room service. I like to have hot water in the mornings so I asked about it and they said I would have to order hot water from room service! Really???. 6. I did like they said, I ordered hot water from room service and guess what?  It tasted and smelled like coffee!. 7. There was no shower cap (I know this is a small one but to those of us with long hair, it's a big deal).. 8. The rooms are dirty, they need a makeover.  Appalling.. 9. After I checked out I had time before my flight so I asked where in the hotel could I work for a few hours without any cigarette smoke (since I am allergic).  I was told the only place in the hotel where there is no smoking was Starbucks.  Thank you Starbucks for being the only bright spot in my stay at the Mirage.. 10. I had to visit the ladies' room during my Starbucks stay and had to walk far into the casino to get there.  When I did, there was no toilet paper in ANY of the stalls.. With that, I called a taxi and left for the airport early.  DO NOT stay at the Mirage Hotel.  Run away and never come back!
Sitting in our room right now, So glad we paid that resort fee for a room that stinks of vomit!
I was set to go back to Vegas for an April 2013 convention.  When I was last at the Mirage I had mis-placed a gaming voucher for $157.65 so I could not cashit in.  I found it a few weeks later at the bottom of one of my bags.  I thought, no big deal, I will just head over next April and do some gambling with it, kind of like found money.  Well, it turns out the Mirage Gaming Vouchers are void after 180 days.  This means they just took my $157.65, stole it essentially.  . . If you have a poker chip from a casino, it is good for years.  Its an IOU and theirs have a shelf life.  I never agreed to take an IOU from them with a 6 month shelf life.  . . Consider this business practice when deciding if you want to stay or gamble here.  The same people who decided to have their IOU's expire after 6 months also program the gambling equipment.  Think they play fair with that?  . . If they want to make it right, I will take this review down.  If it is still up, well they have seen it and just dont really care.  Just beware, if you do end up at this place if you somehow dont lose all of your money make sure you do not walk out with them owing you any.  They will default in 6 months.. . Here is my hotel review.  As you can see there is a theme.  Gaming vouchers is just the first scam they play.  . . Pros:. -Decent rooms and good location on the strip.  . -The casino was not very smokey.. -Buffet was pretty good, reasonably priced compared to other options there.. . Cons:. -Television did not work in our room, they said they were going to send someone up who never came.. -Room keys stop working regularly, its a long walk to the front desk when this happens.  I know about de-magnetizing the strip, sorry, these keys fail much easier than any other hotel I have ever been to.  And its a real pain when they do.  I think they may do it deliberately so you have to keep walking through their casino.. -Someone put their used room service outside our door and they had a glass of vinegar which smelled up the whole hallway.  It was awful, we eventually moved it 10' away and it sat there the most of the day.  Maids walked right by it.  . -We exhibited at a convention there.  The only access they allow to their convention center is through the hotel, casino, the shops, then down long hallways until you arrive.They do not let you drive up by the convention center and unload.  Picture rolling a large cart with boxes, chairs, etc through a crowded casino, hotel lobby, etc.  Its a 10 minute walk.  Absoultely ridiculous.  . -Need to cash in your ticket in the casino?  2 cashiers is all they had, we had to wait in line 20 minutes to cash in out tickets.  . -Looking for something to eat?  Restaurant prices are out of this world.  $29 hamburger at Stax.  There is another burger place, $12 for a basic one and up, but we had dinner there and for 3 people w/ 3 burgers and 4 drinks total, it cost us $72.  But thats Vegas.  . -8.00 beers.. . They appear to really make every effort to make you go through their casino without regard to any inconvenience it may cause you.  Key does not work?  Back through the casino.  TV stopped working? Guess you should go gamble.  Need to set up for a show?  Haul it all through the casino.  . . The casinos across the street pay out much better from what we were told and noticed they had $1.00 beer specials.  If you stay at the MIrage, we suggest you get out of there for gambling and food.  Probably best every time you walk by the front desk you ask for a new room key just so you dont do the 15 minute hike to your room only to find it failed again.
First and last time I will ever stay in this hotel.  Service sucks beyond anything I've ever experienced.  I'd give a zero if I could.. . After 6.5 hours of waiting on check in availability - I wanted to provide some feedback on the horrendous service I received.   I arrived at 8 am and nobody was in the check in area to advise me on anything .   There was NOBODY in the check in lobby area to tell me whether I could check in or not.   I had to go to the Concierge Desk to ask for assistance and I also flagged someone on the Check Out counter after 20 minutes waiting only to be told Computers are down.  Ok fine.  When can I check in?  I was told - expect 11 am.  . . I also had an urgent business concall that required internet access.  I tried to access the wifi network only to see that I needed a room number.  I have reservations here for FOUR nights, but I can't access wifi because I needed a room number.  I don't have a room number because I can't check in!  And nobody could help me even though I asked both the Concierge and the Lobby Counter for assistance on my situation. . . Next - I went back at 11 am, 12 pm, 1 pm to see if checkin was finally available.   A person called Kim took down my cell number and promised to call my cell immediately when checkins became available.  Finally after another 90 minutes of waiting at 2:30 pm - I went to the  Check in Counter, waited in line again, and finally got someone at the counter who said Yes - I could check in.  I asked when the room became available and they said an hour ago.  NOBODY called me when I was promised I would be notified on my cell immediately when a room became available.  By that time, I've been waiting for 6.5 hours just to get a room in this place.   . . I understand systems can go down, but when your staff promises a phone call after I've been waiting for 6.5 hours to notify me of check in availability, they need to deliver on that promise.    Waiting since 8 am just to get a room is horrendous.   Being a frequent traveler going to hotels around the world at different times of the day, this was certainly the worst service I've ever received.. . I will never stay in Mirage again - whether for company business trips or personal.
In the beginning it was great. Then my key card stopped working completely the second day at the worst possible time. Locked out at 1am with only my cellphone and the useless key card in my damn pjs. I take the elevator and walk ALL THE WAY to the front desk and is DENIED a new key because my name isn't on it.. Yes, I understand there is security protocol but THIS IS JUST DAMN RIDICULOUS!! There are people already sleeping in my room and I CANNOT make ANY NOISE AT ALL (seriously..). I am turned away and have to go back all the way to my damn room for security to arrive to check id WHICH DOESN'T EVEN MAKE SENSE!! Why?? Cuz how would they still know that, that is my room??? He said that he only had to check my last name but my last name is one of the most common last names IN THE WORLD.. FUCKING IDIOTS!! After I show him my id I ask him if he'll bring me a damn new key card, his response? Have to call bell boy.. Well... How the hell can I if I CAN'T MAKE ANY NOISE IN MY ROOM???!! INCONVIENT AS SHIT!! I WILL NEVER STAY AT THE MIRAGE EVER AGAIN!!
This hotel is right in the heart of the strip, great location and clean. The rooms are nice, the only reason I'm giving a low star rating is because I checked in the hotel and went to the room left all my stuff in the room when I came back to the room my key did not open the door, there was someone in my room. They had given my room to someone else and all my stuff was still there. I called them and they said it was for me but that they were sorry they had by mistake given it to someone else, at this point it was like 3am and I was pissed. They said that in the morning they were going to get my stuff out, I rejected I said I want my stuff asap and security even came to the room cause the other person had the volt and we couldn't open the door. I was upset at the guy in the room too, cause my stuff was everywhere in the room and if it was me in the room I call the front to let them know someone is in the room already. Stupid people they need to check everything. I got my stuff because the guy in the room was upset too and he just threw it outside. I lost some stuff and the mirage did not pay me for those things. They gave me credit to go eat and that was it. I should have sued them.
Bring lube: you'll definitely need it.. . Every time I turn around, the Mirage tries to f*** me.  Let me start off by saying some good things.  The room furnishings are not bad at all, and the hot water is very very hot.  They have a very nice aquarium by the front desk, and the pool is great.  All that being said, when it comes to taking somebody's money and and screwing them, hookers couldn't teach these guys anything.. . We reserved a king size room and got double beds (they moved us the next day, but if you want to be in the hotel business, that's the kind of stuff you need to get right).  Since they botched the bed size, we were given $75 vouchers for food and beverage purchases.  Great, right?  Wrong!!!  What they somehow failed to explain was that the voucher is only good at *some* of their restaurants, but doesn't include the poolside cafe, room service, or the minibar in your room.. . Speaking of the minibar, let's talk about a profit margin that would make OPEC feel ashamed.  Want a 4 ounce bag of M&Ms?  No problem, that will be $8.  A bottle of water?  Sure, that'll be $5.  How about a half sized bottle of Chandon California Champagne (375mL)?  $25 please.  Seriously, at these prices, every purchase should come with a complimentary b***job!!!  All prices here seem to be about 200% to 1,000% of their fair market value.  Drug dealers don't earn that kind of profit margin.. . It is pretty ironic, because I am one of the least price-conscious consumers in the marketplace, and I generally purchase items I want without paying much attention to the price.  If these guys are shocking me with prices that strike me as extortionistic, I can only imagine how the poor folks who are struggling to make ends meet feel when they find out that the 10 ounce Coke without ice they just drank is going to run $4.  I respect the ability of the Mirage to earn high returns on their investment, but only a fool or the Department of Defense would buy this stuff at these prices.. . On top of that, there is some fine print indicating that the refrigerator in the room is strictly for *their* use to keep these wares cold.  If you want to keep your own items cold, they will rent you a fridge.  Seriously???  My assistant said the fridge in her room was locked and she couldn't even open it.  I think someone broke the lock on the fridge in our room (not that I would entertain buying any of the items inside).. . OK, how about the phone?  These guys want to charge you a per-minute fee *for local calls*.  The internet service?  Not worth a rat's ass!  Apparently it will ONLY work in your room, and that's after you enter your name and room number, and according to my assistant, it didn't even work.  The most joy and pleasure I got during our stay was using my own cell phone connection.  I didn't even bother to try their WiFi after losing all confidence in their ability to provide anything, but she said it was total crap.  Guys, please have the bare minimal competence to provide your guests with free high speed internet.  You should have caught on to this key concept of hotel management sometime around 1997.. . I can only imagine how many other ways these guys have to hold you financially hostage, but I don't plan to find out.  I'm sure a lot of this stuff is standard here on the strip, but I suspect there has to be at least one hotel available that doesn't gouge you at every single opportunity.  I'm going to try and find such a place during my next stay, and I can only caution readers to beware of the Mirage and their constant attempts to extract every last dollar from your wallet.  . . I would have given them one star based on their heavy handed attempt to tack a fee onto everything short of the air you breathe (reeks of cigarette smoke anywhere near the casino floor, natch).  The only reason they got two stars is because it is a nice hotel with some neat features, the employees I encountered were pleasant, and everything was clean.  But at this stage, I simply don't feel like I can trust the Mirage.  Buyer beware: unless you can spend with reckless abandon, call around before you book a room in Vegas and find out exactly and precisely what amenities come with your room.. . EDITED 10/23/12. . Finally, we are home from our term of imprisonment at the Mirage, and I am thoroughly relieved at having escaped their money-grubbing clutches!!!  I have downgraded them to one star, but only because negative infinity stars is not an option.  Once we arrived home, we disovered that the cost of our incarceration was "enhanced" by the addition of "resort fees" (plus the tax on those fees) that were not mentioned in the price of the rooms.  The explanation for this wouldn't fool even the most gullible cult devotee, but we were told it was in exchange for the internet use.  Which (as I mentioned above) we never used at all.. . Read Part II in my next review: How I was cheated after departing the Mirage!!!
My Mirage review is strictly for their casino. While I would probably have enjoyed the hotel rooms and the restaurants, if I don't like the casino then its just not worth staying. Shame too, since I planned on a"stay-cation" here in the near future.. If you're big into slot play like me (I was in this immediate area after visiting with family staying at Harrah's) Mirage is NOT for you. First off, upon walking onto the casino floor, the heat was on full blast. It was sweltering! The chairs are new and at probably 90% of the machines are incredibly uncomfortable stools. I was picking machines based on where I could tolerate to sit for more than 5 minutes. Its not a great selection to begin with, but it made the evening a hassle since the rest of my party had planned on staying here for awhile. . I've already had the buffet here before and its a huge waste of money....guess I'll be swearing off the machines too!
Reviewing the room service food here.... . Ordering room service here is volunteering to be robbed.. . Everything was atrocious and bland. Spaghetti overcooked, not enough sauce and wattery. Meatballs 100% frozen low grade beef. . . Mac and cheese, flavorless. Literally tasted like nothing. . . Alfredo also bland and bad flavor. Stale bread. I don't think the kitchen uses salt.. . So basically I was charged $75 for a meal that had a food cost of maybe $12.. . I'm sure the breakfast is a bit better, and some of the restaurants in house are quite good. Still, pretty disappointed with this meal.
Oh my god.. I am going through the worst experience so far in Vegas.  Booked at Mirage for our Christmas break thinking that they are known for their hospitality, decor and central location. But what a GRAND disappointment this has been so far!. . We checked in an hour ago. . . A few problems were apparent right when we checked in.. . 1. Safe did not work. 2. TV did not work. 3. Bathroom door could not be locked. 4. There was a line of ants in the room (WTF). . We went to the front desk to report this and requested a change of room, talked to a rather belligerent (and frankly imbecile) employee named Anthony, who refused to change the room for us. He kept insisting that he would rather have someone "analyze" the problem before taking an action. He also mentioned that they would not put this room out of service. He said someone will come to our room to "analyze" the situation in 10 minutes.  What a bad bad way to even converse with a guest (This is despite of the fact that we kept our cool and never argued or raised our voices).. . We are waiting for past 40 minutes since, yet no luck... My wife just called the front desk and (sure enough) they had no idea about such a service call being placed. So, the ETA now is 20 more minutes. It is 11 PM, my kid is really sleepy and we are sitting in complete disgust, waiting for someone to show up and "analyze" the situation,. . I hate to begin our long coveted vacation like this :-( . . We are checking out tomorrow and am going to spend the rest of our vacation in a different hotel.. . I would NEVER ever stay at Mirage again. 0-stars for them. I wish this never happens to any other fellow traveller.
Just went for Christmas stay -- 4 days. . . Buffet quality went down the toilet compared to the year before.  it's maybe 10% cheaper than before, but selection and quality took a 50% hit.. . Was given a strip view, which was nice.  What was not so nice is:  Poker room sucks big time.  Convenience room, with a lame bad beat jackpot system.. . That and including the 25% comp system on losses?  Used to be 30% before mlife.  Post mlife,  yuck.. . Lastly, the over the top joke of a resort fee.  Wifi barely worked. It's also unsecured.  Bottle of water complimentary?  I'm not walking 2.4 miles from my room to the front desk to collect a tiny bottle.... you've got to be kidding.. . Better value to be had by staying elsewhere, which I will be doing next time.
POUNDING music in our room in the middle of the night.  2nd floor, right above the club?  Staff unconcerned.
BED BUGS...BEWARE. Infested and never reported.
The only reason I am giving them 1 star is because there Valet staff are thieves and very very rude, they stole chips from out of my car, when I came back and asked them about it they simply told me to park some where else and not to park valet... I wish I knew there name so I could put it on here....
Fourth time staying here and the last two visits have seen this place REALLY go downhill.  I'm currently standing outside my third room since yesterday to write this.  While staying here for a meeting, I've yet to get a room with decent WiFi (for which you pay an EXTRA resort fee!!) and a call to their Internet service technician produced a rude person who proceeded to criticize my equipment rather than look into actually fixing the problem with weak WiFi.  TVs also in poor working condition in each room.  Get to the pool by 8 AM if you want a chair because there aren't enough by mid morning, forget it.
This hotel needs to work on their communication skills and customer service.  They have thee worst fees ever.  I've never checked into a hotel and had to pay for my whole stay plus a deposit until I came here.  That's like going to a restaurant and paying for your meal before you receive your food.  Well maybe The Mirage is like a fast food restaurant instead a 5 star restaurant.  If I knew I was going to get fast food service from them I would have never stayed.
Holy shit, do NOT stay at the Mirage if you're at all interested in getting some sleep or wanting to hang out at the pool.  This place has gone way downhill since we've last stayed there 6 years ago.  We first stayed in a suite with two separate baths years ago and it was really pretty decent even though they were undergoing renovations, but man, the room we got this weekend was so noisy we left Vegas drained.  The doors have about an inch gap at the bottom and they're not even solid doors, so sounds from drunk ass people talking in the hallways transmitted into our room like they were inside.  The center doorpanel is constructed of some stupid shutter-like design, and along with the gap at the bottom of the door, there was no way we couldn't hear everything going on outside our doorway at all hours of the morning.  The pool was small in comparison to other hotels on the Strip and it was way overpacked in the afternoons with drunk ass people.  Lawn chairs were stacked 3 deep along the perimeter of the pool, with so little room to even walk around that it wasn't a pleasant experience whatsoever.  Pay a little more and upgrade yourself to the Venetian, Palazzo or Aria and leave the riff-raff to stay at the Mirage.  Wynn needs to burn the Mirage down and re-build fresh.  The 'hoes' were plentiful at the Mirage if that's any indication...wow...what a mistake to stay there, but NEVER AGAIN.  Food was nothing to write home about, especially the brunch and the slots were so tight they squeaked everytime you walked by.  We left and walked across the street to spend most of our time at the Venetian, checked out a great show, HUMAN NATURE singing Motown Hits....don't miss them, they are awesome.
Here on business so probably not  important guest. No tv remote in room. Was sleeping at 9:30 pm when maintenance woke me up with loud knock about a service call for shower I supposedly made. I said I didn't call you and sent him away  and checked and sure enough my shower was in parts. Called manager who said the guy would b right back. I shared I was sleeping and he said I could have put do not disturb sign up. I was like ok but then I wouldn't have a shower. 1.5 hours after being awakened I am still being forced to stay awake to wait for repair so I can shower before business meeting in am . I mean who assumes it is ok to not tell a guest there is broken shower in room when u check in and thinks isnok for guest to wait until wee hours of morning to get working shower for hotel room u r paying for. Not a good hotel for biz. I think showers are standard part of room you pay for ans no guest should be woken up and asked to stay up until midnight so they can have shower at 6 am in morning; maintenance showed up at 12:24 a.m (yes it is NOW AM the next day) and is working on it ...........so the mirage asked me to choose cleanliness - getting a shower head - over sleep for my biz trip - NOT OK - clearly not enough staff - again - who puts guest in a room without a shower ?seriously.
The Mirage on the strip gets stars for its pretty perfect location. On the surface, this place is decent, but I pay attention to many details. The rooms were certainly more spacious than the Wynn, but also not a updated and swanky. The bathrooms could use a little facelift (the shower curtain, shower heads, doors and paint) and most importantly, the mattresses need to be replaced! Lopsided mattress is a deal breaker, but given that we drank too much to notice on our trip, it didn't matter so much. . . The one-star rating is due to the fact that I left a valuable bracelet behind and realized it pretty quickly, so I made all the necessary phone calls only to not have my calls returned or be transferred between different departments. No one ever wrote my information down, so every time I called, I had to start all over. I called way before anyone else could have possibly checked into the room, knowing exactly where to direct the security personnel. I gave a clear description. I was extremely thorough. By the time I was finally able to speak to someone that cared, another guest had checked in. Granted, it was my mistake to have left it behind, it was very clear that everyone I spoke to could care less. I requested to place a claim against the hotel after two whole days of going back and forth with them and nothing. It's super disappointing that hotels with this much security can provide such poor customer service. Ultimately, this leaves me questioning their integrity.
This place sucks! Not only are we staying here, we've thrown hundreds in these stupid machines and not one waitress has come by to take our order. Will not be coming here again. I've been to other casinos where they serve drinks and don't think twice about it.. This place sucks balls.. JA
This was the worst hotel I've stayed in. I've never received such poor services from EVERY establishment within the hotel. Every single person in my group agreed with this and we will NEVER stay at this hotel again.. . The worst part is no one working at the hotel seemed to care that the service wasn't good and that are rooms weren't correct. We talked to management two times and both times they didn't seem to care and nothing was done to fix the issues. . . I'm the type of person that knows things go wrong and that's fine but when the hotel doesn't seem to care about it and pretty much has a I don't give a shit attitude, that's not okay with me. . . This hotel was a lot more expensive that other hotels when the reservations were booked but are whole group decided to stay there since we thought it was a nice hotel. I hope quite a few people read this comment and decide against staying there. . . Again, issues happen but an establishment with the mentality of not caring isn't going to change unless there are major management changes. . . I highly recommend AVOIDING this hotel. No glam or excitement. High prices and terrible service.. . Heather
Horrible rooms. My first one had a broken toilet. Waited 2 hours and still not fixed so I requested for room changes. The 2nd room's key didn't work. Took them another 30 minutest just to open the door. Never again.
