I have a hard time believing the stellar Yelp reviews this show gets; . Absinthe is the most insipid Vegas offering I've ever seen. The hosts lack any charm to make their mocking of audience members and extreme potty humor palatable. The routine is an uninspired Sacha Baron Cohen and Sarah Silverman rip-off. If you don't like those comedians -- and even if you do, perhaps -- you will not like the show. The acrobats were, at best, Cirque du Soliel castoffs or rejects. . I had a friend present at the show the night before where a performer on the high-wire crashed into the audience and knocked some guy in the head with the balance bar. That part of the show was dropped from the show we attended on Friday Nov. 4, 2011. No great loss, I'm sure. . We didn't stay through to the end. Spare yourself the agony of having to pretend you like the show because you paid as much as you did for the tickets. You'd be better off mindlessly dumping your cash into some slots while staring into the middle distance.
I'm quite shocked at the excellent reviews this show has received.  Honestly, the stunts were artless and required a minimal level of skill and the alleged comedy was tiresome and showed no creativity at all.. . I hadn't heard this type of humor since being in my middle school locker room.  Really people, this is the level of comedy at this show.  I am by no means am a prude but prefer comedians to posses some cleverness, understated class and sophistication rather than just blather on about homosexuals, details of sexual intercourse, and every type of bodily discharge imaginable.  The people who laugh at this stuff must be the most unsophisticated bunch imaginable.  Again,  the jokes are reruns of the same stuff you hear coming out of the mouths of 12 year old boys mouth when he is trying to impress his buddies (At least they might contain some original material).. .  Truly this show gave me the creeps and adds to my dismay of the decline of American culture.  Is this show really what we want to see? Is that why it has gotten 5 stars?  Am I alone in my assessment of this show?. . I remember a time when live shows in Las Vegas appealed to a higher ideal.  You left feeling enthused, good about yourself and others.  Not only was this show boring and unrefined but it was rather depressing now that I think back about it.  Nowadays, it seems like this boorish idiocy defines our civilization.  I hope I am wrong but based on the reviews of this show it is probably rather clear that I am not.. . Don't spend your money on this rubbish.
The worst show ever.  I walked out after 40 minutes.  Now I want to say that I'm not easily offended.  It's just that the MC was a total jerk, and obviously thought he was much funnier in his mind.  The woman that he converses with has the most annoying high pitched grating voice.  They could have gone without the German insults.  I'm of German heritage and had nothing to do with the holocaust.  It is this kind of language that opens another rift with people of Jewish decent.. . The only saving grace of the show was the acrobatic feats that were performed.  Those guys and gals are great athletes and that was the only redeeming value.. . Save your money and go see just about anything else on the Strip.
I don't know if the MC was having a bad night or he just thought that picking on four gay guys all show long was the funniest thing on earth.  I should have realized we were being set up when they moved us to the front row.  Seriously I can laugh at myself and take a joke but repeatedly being called fags and cum guzzlers crosses the line.  It became mean spirited.  After the show a lady who sat behind us approached us in the casino and expressed her regrets at the way we were treated.  I think most of the audience felt that way.  One of my friends walked out after 15 minutes.  This form of comedy only appeals to the lowest and cheapest type of entertainment.  Enough about that whimp..        The rest of the show was unbelievable.  They deserve 5 stars.. I will never again pay $75 to be the butt of most of the evenings jokes.. Feeling abused and ripped off. Jeff
I'm not sure what all the fuss is about. You can see higher quality (and many more) acrobatics and stunts at The Ultimate Variety Show, Vegas the Show, Cirque du Soleil (etc. etc. etc.). If seeing girls semi-topless is what you're after, go to Jubilee! or any of the other shows of that variety and I'm sure the girls will be much more attractive and "talented." You can hear the same comedy at pretty much any comedy club on open mic night. The chairs are uncomfortable, and even at 6' 3", I missed a lot of what was happening at the stage level from the fourth row because I could not see over the heads in front of me. If the rest of the show was any indication of what was happening when I couldn't see, I didn't miss much.. . I suspect the rave about the show comes from the romance of its "independent" feel. The intimate setting is in a tent, it has a homely-looking emcee and "creator," and the acts are unrelated and developed by the individuals who star in them. As with many things in Las Vegas, this is an illusion. It all occurs on the property and immediately outside of the flagship casino of one of the largest gaming/hotel companies in the world. Hardly independent.. . I thought a positive review by the Huffington Post would make this show less of a gamble. I now realize that the basis for that review must have come from the show's bashing of Republicans alone.. . I did enjoy the roller skating team and the chair stacking, but had I paid any amount of money for those two impressive acts, I would have felt cheated.
The show was cancelled without notice.  Retuned purchase amount by Vegas.Com but wow, really?  Very disappointing
I was excited to see this show after reading all the positive reviews - I was looking forward to a night of raunchy fun. . . This show was not funny, not raunchy and the jokes were very lame. The hosts are annoying and the girl's voice (Penny?) is like fingernails on a chalkboard! Ugh, find someone else to tell the stupid jokes and do the stupid puppet show.I was not offended by the use of the "f" word - I use it quite frequently myself so that is not the reason I didn't like the show. . . Some of the acts are impressive - the guy on the chairs was cool, roller skating duo was lame, bubble girl was lame and the body guards were very good. Tightrope guys were good too.. . I just don't understand all the 5 star reviews. I was bored and tempted to walk out several times. My significant other slept thru most of the show if that is any indication of how "exciting" this show was!
Overhyped, overrated, totally misbilled.   I was told it was "like a cirque show" with comedy.  Wrong in so many ways.. . What it is (at least the first 20 minutes of it):. - Round circus tent with folding chairs, low ceiling (clue number one that this was not up there with a Cirque show).. - A few decent acrobatic acts comparable to what you might see from a traveling Chinese show. - 2 different strip tease routines, which can't be called nudity only because there were pasties applied.  Seriously, we're not kidding anyone here.  Nudity was completely out of context, uncalled for, gratuitous.. - Lowbrow comedy aiming for the lowest common denominator, with language that would make Tony Soprano and his crew blush.  It's not just a few f bombs, it's literally every other word.  Endless description of sexual acts, in vivid, graphic detail that would make your mother turn red and pass out.  If you enjoy being singled out and stereotyped (the gay guys in the front, we make the black people sit in the back, etc.). . I can't tell you more because we walked out.
Don't waste your money.  Flyers with 20% off tickets are not honored at the Box Office on anything but the cheapest seats way in the back.. . The inside of the tent (not a theater) smells of stale drinks and urine.. . Obnoxious ushers and management.. . If you've come to Vegas to experience Vegas, skip this one.  If you are looking for high school / NY East Village productions, go ahead and waste your money and time.
This was a poor man's Cirque du Soleil, and a bit overpriced. Let's start with the venue. The wooden chairs are uncomfortable and I found my back hurting after a while. Plus, it was freezing in there and I had a coat on. On top of that, I'm not a prude by any means, but the "comedy" was extremely obnoxious. I found myself trying to force laughs through the entire show. I've always thought that if a performer has to resort mainly to sexual vulgarity and/or profanity in their routine, then they have limited (or no) talent. This show would have been so much better without it, or like others have said, in small doses. I couldn't wait till the next act would come on and get rid of these two. Especially grotesque was seeing the lady pull up her dress to reveal her lack of underwear and badly in need of some manscaping (I say this because I couldn't tell if this might be a guy, as it lookedas though there was a bulge in her nylons). The other performers were amazing, but if you have seen a cirque show before, then it is weak in comparison. Don't waste your money!
As many have noted, this show may not be right for people who are 'easily offended'. If you are NOT easily offended, and in fact tend to enjoy what is considered offensive humor, this show also may not be for you.. . I found the comedy aspect to be weak, uncreative, boring, and at times irritating.  The humor basically entailed f-word use and insults on the level of calling audience members "black guy" or "republican". The acrobatic acts did provide some entertainment between stints of Penny's irreverent squawking, and the small size of the venue made the acrobatics that much more interesting. . . Overall, I think the money spent on the tickets could be much better spent elsewhere, such as on a rental of Point Break - just as much swearing, way more laughs.
My wife and I are open minded and enjoy a raunchy show but this show was stupid and childish. They made sex jokes that were immature and plain stupid. We walked out 35 minutes into the show and requested our money back as we couldn't believe this is a long running Vegas show. . . If you are going to see a show, trust me, you may need drugs to enjoy this show because it is not entertaining. . . Offended? No. Just smart enough to know when a show is not enjoyable.
