where is my sushi???? ......have you ever waited so long for your food that you just didn't want to eat there  anymore & want to leave??? well that's what  me & my bf experienced the other day. First impression, nice little place.  the lady gave us a sheet of paper to order on, so we  started out with our usual 6 orders of nigiri , 3 half rolls & 2 hand rolls.  20 mins later, two half rolls come in. surprising because  usually, the nigiri comes before the rolls. after we scarf down the rolls, we r ready for more! we wait, n wait, n wait, and finally some nigiri. we are expecting to get our 6 orders of nigiri at this point, but we only get 1. took us about 2 seconds to finish them and we are playing the waiting game again. 10 minutes goes by and we have 2 more pieces of sushi in front of us. this is where things started to get annoying. we have been here for more than 40 minutes, got 2 half rolls and 2 orders of nigiri. it was 2pm on a Friday afternoon and the place was not busy. we began to think they forgot our order. we ask the lady for the third time where is our nigiri and the rest of our order, she then doubled check and came back to tell us it will be right out & that it took awhile to get our scallops ready (bullshit!!). as we were still waiting, & thirsty at the same time since our cup of green tea was empty. the waiter comes by to see our cups were empty and does not refill our glass. take in mind, that the hot pot of tea was in her hand. I think that was our sign to leave and to never ever return to Yama sushi again. just tooo dammmmn ridiculous.
I come here. When I'm desperite. Service=mediocre, and I'm ALWAYS down for all you can eat sushi, but I seem to get heckled about my options. Eh. Most times i get a semi dirty table, why i still go? Hungry.. The miso soup is the best you can hope for, and i feel the servers are usuallyh playing dumb.
Worst customer service ever...It wasn't that busy. We ordered the all you can eat sushi...but they never came back to the table. They seemed very disorganized. One waiter took our order and then I guess he thought that it wasn't his table anymore. The manager finally helped us after we were there for an hour. They took our order for the next two plates and brought us the wrong food. Then after that they brought us the right food and we didn't eat the wrong order. The waiter said that we have to pay for the food that wasn't consumed even though they made a mistake. They brought us someone Else's bill with a credit card in it. We told him about his mistake and he brought the bill to the right customer. Finally we got our bill, we paid and was about to leave and one of the waiters got physical with us and told us that we must pay for another meal because we were wasting the food. So that is my story of the worst sushi experience that I've ever had. Stay away from this place.
The people who work here are completely incompetent. They managed to overcharge our bill by $500. Then act like it was no big deal. The service is AWFUL. Will never go there again.
Never ever go this place!!!. . The service was very bad. We're 7people so they already include tip.. . But their service was very bad and slow and even rude.. . They forgot about our order but they did not even say sorry.. . They need to train servers well.
Did 2 people AYCE lunch. Very crowded, bumping elbows at the bar, no room. . Burnt ManWhore Roll.. Burnt Salmon Skin Roll.. Rude service from sushi chef and wait staff. . HAIR in my wasabi ..... Showed the staff and chef and no reaction.
This was my second time here. 1st time at 11:30 a.m. was much better but during prime time lunch hour, service is terrible, food comes out too slow and tables are too close.  And quality of sushi is not so great. It's decent. We waited a good 5-8 minutes before anyone even attempted to seat us and there were at least 4 empty tables. We had one ACE and one al la carte. The al La Carte order came out first. My husband's ACE was taking too long so we ended up cancelling most of his order and he only ate 2 of his 5 orders as we both had to get back to work. However, a huge party sitting a few tables over, were getting huge orders the entire time and arrived after us!   I raved about this place to my husband and was embarassed with the experience we had. When we went to the rude "hostess" and said we were leaving due to slow service and that we didn't get most of our order, she got our bill and rang us up. I was so upset with her careless attitude that i stated once again that we didn't even receive our order, but she didn't apologize or seem the least bit concerned about our poor service. Instead,she left us standing there so she could run and tell the chef to cancel the rest of order in fear it would be wasted. It's clear they don't waste anything because they dropped off several orders of sushi at our table and my husband took a piece, but they came back and took the plate to give it to another table after realizing they gave him someoneelse's order in addition to his. They didn't even apologize, just asked how many he ate and grabbed it back and gave it to the other table! I couldn't believe it. Any fine establishment would have let us keep it and made a new order for the other table. THey can't handle the crowd they get and I'm sure it's only so busy for the lack of other Sushi places in the area. Brian's beach on Ft. apache is 10x better! WE will continue going there.
Normally I would give this place a pretty good rating. However, today change my perspective towards this place.  I came here with a friend of mine during lunch, we were one of the few to arrive early (right when it was just opened).  We ordered 2 Uni sushi (total of 4 pieces), the waitress (named Haeyun) came back and told us that Uni has not been deliver yet. So I asked if we could substitute it for another item equivalent with the "*" item of the Uni.  The waitress said NO, she also mentioned that she asked the manager as well. But I had a feeling that she didn't. This incident made DISLIKE this place. I understands if I came here at night and the item I wanted was sold out, then I wouldn't complained. But under the circumstance that we were here when it was just opened and this was not our fault that they didn't order their sushi on time, we believe that they just lost some valuable customers (along with all my friends who come here quite often).
The whose your daddy roll tasted like ammonia. The rice was also bad. I will never come here again.
Omg, I really don't find this place deserve a 4 stars on yelp. The chef yelled and shouted at me on my first piece of sushi for I didn't eat the rice with the fish! And everything was over spicy... So many good all you can eat place around Vegas, Yama is not even worth a star to me.
Let me start out by stating that I have been to Yama Sushi 5 times and considered it a top sushi establishment in Las Vegas. That all changed within one visit.. . My friend and I were seated at the bar around 11:30 am. There were maybe 10 people in the restaurant, very quite. Both doing "all you can eat," my friend and I ordered about 5 items with the sushi chef. Within 45 minutes, we got 2 out of the 5 items we ordered. I proceeded to ask the waitress if we could order some rolls from her and she said no, as the restaurant began to fill up and become very busy. 10 minutes later I complained to the waitress that we still didn't get the items we ordered almost an hour ago. After debating with her, she accepted the order. 5 minutes later the sushi chef shoved a roll in front of my face, demanding me to eat. I have never felt so disrespected in a food establishment in my entire life. Not to mention, the few rolls we did get, the sushi quality was horrific. A Goopey cream cheese, and mushy fish taste stayed in mouth the entire day.. . Long story short, my friend and I battled with the waitress for her to comp our meal, since we were dissatisfied with the service and did not even get our food. Why should one pay for food they did not get? After debating with her yet again, she comes back to us and offers us 10 percent off, that's when I flipped my gasket and started to make a scene. My friend yelled at the sushi chef for treating us with disrespect, and I ensured that we would not leave the restaurant without any sort of comp. We got out of there splitting one all you can eat price, but they lost more than just $22.99. They lost two loyal customers and any recommendation to any Las Vegas sushi goers. . . Yama is a total disaster, take my advice and save your money by doing ala carte at a quality restaurant.
this had got to be the worst sushi i have ever had..it was only mysel,f so i sit at the sushi bar.i decide to get the ayce..so the sushi dude(can't really call him a chef)just keeps making dishes for me without me ordering.i was just going to pace myself,but whatever,i figure he knows what is good..well i don't think there is  anything very good there.the only thing i actually ordered was the unagi and the dynamite.the unagi tasted like it was pre made..oh yeah, i also ordered a half  roll with unagi,cucumber and avocado which was ok.the sushi dude made me what is called a no name(half roll),which was probably the best out of everything i had.while i'm working on the dynamite and the no name,he hands me the seafood salad.(says it is really popular)well the texture of the fish was like it had been thawed and frozen, and then thawed again.yuck...i decided i was full(i couldn't stomach anymore)..the sushi guy tried to let me pay ala cart (which was nice of him once again)but the lady said that i ordered what would be more than if i ordered ala cart,even though the portions were made small for me(that's what the sushi guy said anyways).i was too tired too argue and i didnt want the sushi guy that meant well to get into trouble..so i paid..i justwanted some sushi that was close to me but you do get what you pay for i guess..but then again, i can pay the  same price for much better sushi in Hawaii..and Hawaii is not cheap by any means..i'm a small lady though and don't require a lot of food..knew i should have cooked for myself tonight.
This used to be my favorite spot until Friday. Sushi smell bad and tasted horrible. To top it off, roaches were on the sushi bar and fridge area. I almost lost it.... I left and told them that is nasty and would never go back.
I'm new to yelp, but I always hear how amazing this place is? I don't understand these reviews, I have been to this sushi place at least ten times, mainly because I like to eat all you can eat with friends. But every time I go its the same. Service is the worst, food takes forever. . . The food Is ok, but if the service were to improve once I would be happy. I enjoy food, having my drink refilled before I'm done, and good service. That's all I ask for and never has the service been acceptable.
Ok ... So I have to start by saying, I once LOVED Yama. The seafood salad was to die for! I will never be back and would advice other to not go as well, unless they re-locate. I was at lunch with a friend and we noticed the fish was a little off, but didn't think much of it. We finished our lunch and had just paid when we noticed something run across the sushi bar. I just shook it off as if I was seeing things until I saw another cockroach run to meet is buddy!
Sushi was terrible, do not order the Uni, it was discolored (dark brown) and spoiled, the chef still served it to me, WTF you expect me to eat that. Dude RULE #1, you should not poison your customers and never serve then spoiled food! The sushi chef, old guy with the dirty kung fu mustache did not care about  the customers, he acted annoyed by everyone, it showed that he hated his job, YOU SHOULD QUIT THEN! Try the other AYCE, they at least won't try to kill you! Go to Sushi Mon or Goyemon 100X better AYCE then this place, both in food and service.
Great costumer service!! Not good sushi !!
Sorry dudes. I've always loved this place, and the last couple times I was not as stoked on the service and I wrote it off as maybe my host or server were having a bad day, but after today, I will say to all my clients, all the folks who come to get tattooed in my tattoo shop, and my good friends who own reputable tattoo shops to spread the word to NOT to go to Yama.. .  I live on the Southwest side of town andthere are many sushi places closer than Yama but I had pushed my brother to make the long drive to go to Yama. . . My brother and I have gone to Yama quite a bit in the past, so we have our rolls we are familiar with. . . My brother had gone in an hour and a half before closing and the chefs had made a joke to the hostess to tell them to leave. My brother had ordered for his girlfriend and he some rolls he is familiar with. He told me that he thought the first roll was spicy and it wasn't supposed to be, the next one was so spicy when he got home his mouth was still on fire. He told them that he felt as though they were making their rolls purposely spicy in order to punish them for coming in later in the evening . When he voiced his opinion to the manager and host that he was not being treated with respect, they had suddenly forgotten how to speak English.. . They literally left a terrible taste in his mouth and a figurative one in mine. This single experience will influence my opinion, and those of my clients and many of the people I know, of how Yama treats their customers. Sorry guys, but in my line of work I can't afford to lack respect for anyone, no matter how lazy I am feeling. Word of mouth goes a long way, and with the platform that Yelp offers, word of mouth and reviews will greatly effect the business you will do in the future. I will guarantee you today, that it will effect it in a negative manner.. . Regards,. Eric.
Ok, maybe I'm spoiled with Sushi Mon and Goyemon, but this place was horrible! I would have given it no stars, but they did serve fried soft shell crab a la carte. . . Wait is ridiculously long, and service sucked. My boyfriend and I both did the AYCE option. I ordered 2 orders of our usual such as uni, sweet shrimp, tuna, salmon, yellowtail, eel, scallop, etc. I paid attention to the menu as it said "each order has 2 pieces."  What comes out 20 minutes later?  2 pieces of each fish I ordered, I was expecting 4 pieces. After we ate everything in about 5 mintues, we had to wait another 10 before our waitress came back. She just ignored our empty plates, maybe she was hoping we wouldn't want anything else and we would leave. I asked her about the other half of our order, like were they saving that for a 2nd round or something? And she said, no, each order is one piece, so at this point i'm confused and pull out the menu that says each order has 2 pieces. She said the menu was wrong and we only get 1 piece. So at this point I reorder everything and ask for 2 more orders of soft shell crab. I still only get one. I wonder if she thought I was the only one eating as I was the only one ordering. . . The only two good items was the fresh yellowtail and the the soft shell crab a la carte. The other sushi items were so so, the scallop was not good, and the shrimp heads were so tough, the exoskeleton wasn't even fried completely so it made for a very tough to chew and cut up your mouth bite. . . This place seemed so popular with a 30 minute wait on friday night, but maybe it's their regular menu that's good. It doesn't matter, as I won't be back.
I will never return to this restaurant. Worst experience ever!!!!. I've been here a couple times and they have horrible service. A friend decided to take me to Yama. First off its super packed. Then they stick us in a table in the back  between the restrooms and the kitchen. We had about 5 different waiters the whole night and only because I would have to keep calling any waiter that passed by. They messed up my order twice and still blamed me for it. I decided I was not going to tip this place. One of the waitresses came up to me and insulted me by saying I did not have enough money to tip them. I wish she would have told me this before I paid for my meal. I walked out very upset. And to make it any better , when I got home , I had food poisoning and threw up all the food. I highly do not recommend this place.
I'm no sushi connoisseur but I know when I taste crappy fish. I'm no restaurateur but even I know that good customer service is the way you make fans and have them come back. I'm not a picky y eater but Yama was just clearly unacceptable. . . This restaurant is super tiny. I'm not hating on the size of the restaurant but when the tables are so close together that you can hear the conversations of those around you more than your own, then this becomes a problem. Getting in between tables to take a seat was a near impossible mission in as well. By no means am I a large individual but I had to suck in pretty hard to get to my chair. . . Our waitress was prompt in getting our drink orders. Two waters. She took my friend's AYCE order and started to walk away. Umm, hello?! What about my order? We called her back to order my lunch special - veggie tempura, 4 pieces of sushi, rice, miso soup and salad. . . After about 5 minutes, we finally got our waters. Mine had a black speck in it. My friend and I were convinced that it looked like a dead bug, resembling a gnat. The waitress insisted that this "gnat" was a green tea leaf. Whether a bug or a green tea leaf, nothing should be floating around in my water. . . I let the water fiasco slide and ordered a diet coke. No joke, I waited about 15 minutes for it. My friend and I asked three different waitresses for my beverage. I was parched! Not only this, my friend got his sushi but wasn't given his wasabi and ginger. This also took about 15 minutes in addition to kindly asking three different waitresses. Mind you, it was not busy - there were empty tables around the restaurant. . . The fish was dry and had a rubbery consistency. I felt as though it was left out for a while. While my friend and I were trying our best to enjoy the not-so-yummy fish, my friend found a hair in the ginger. That was the end of our meal. Dunzo. FInito. . . Vegas has some of the best AYCE sushi and Yama is NOT one of them. Needless to say, I won't be back.
My friends & I went to Yama last night to celebrate my friends birthday, from the second we walked in the door the staff was rude. This is not the first time we have eaten here as a large group, in fact we drove across town to eat here, never again. First of all my friend ordered a diet coke the waitress who happened to be the assistant manager her name was Michelle brought a regular coke when she was told that it was suppose to be diet she said well I have to charge you again for another drink. So because you messed up we have to pay for 2 drinks? Wtf? We ordered our food and in the middle of our meal she comes in to tell us all 8 of us need to move onto one table because were taking to long and she needs the other table they sat us at...now you have a 2 hour limit which is fine but we still had 40mins left on our time when we told her that she gave attitude & acted like us being there was an inconvience. Also some of the food we ordered never made it to us before she said our time was up & guess what she added it to the bill! I will never go back to this place again!
After seeing the reviews here on yelp I decided to try this place with 2 friends that also love sush, real sushi (nigiri).  . . First off they put way too much rice that you can't taste the fish. Next, they put too much sauce with certain fishes, so much it soaked the cup if rice that was under the little slice of fish. Then we ordered 3 hamachi Kama and after 45min of waiting they came out with 3 hamachi stumps!!! See photo also posted. They should have just told us they didn't have any, or maybe that's what they always serve as hamachi Kama.  Someone needs to show the cook what a Kama is! . . For the 1 star, On the positive side, if you like California rolls and other rolls they cover with ponzu sauce, sriracha and mayonnaise this may be for you.  I'm just glad we didn't have to wait more than 5 min to get a seat because there happened to be an opening when we got there.
I've been here three times. Each time I've gone, the sushi bar will "lose" part/most of my order. (My first round I usually order two things. A roll, and a bunch of eel or tuna or something...) They usually only bring me just the roll, or just the sushi. Never both. *Never* both. They just give me one, and I never see the other part.  Or --like the last time -- none of my order. . . The last time I went, I was in a group of four. The other three guys in that group were on their second round. I hadn't received a single thing. I'm just sitting there, waiting. I bring it up to the waitress, she goes to "look" for it, returning five minutes later to refill water. (Without food, nor a single word about my order.) . . The other guys were just about done, when the waitress (out of pity?) brings me *someone else's* order that they didn't wind up wanting. By this time, I had ordered at least or or five things (over the course of an hour), and not a single thing was delivered. When I asked to speak with the manager, "the manager" (whom I maintain was just another waitress --she was too young and too combative offthe bat to be a real manager) claimed that everything had arrived to my table. . . "You were given everything you ordered." . . "Uhm... no I haven't." . . Rest of the table: "LOL, no he hasn't! He hasn't received a single plate of food he's ordered!". . "Yes you did. We have the ticket!" . . "Then why am I hungry after an hour? Why would I bother you about this at an AYCE restaurant, if I had --in fact-- eaten? That doesn't make any sense!" (This detail still perplexes me, to this day.). . The "manager" left in a huff, never to return. . . We had to leave around then, to be on time for plans we had later in the evening. I paid the bill in full, and left hungry. I'm *still* mad about that, to be honest. . . This place is popular, but there are better places in town.
Alright but not great. DO NOT GET THE "whose your daddy" ROLL!  It tasted like ammonia. It was the worst sushi I have vet had. Try happy endings or something else.
I am sorry.... . /Commences Rant. . I will never return here. I was sorely disappointed and feel like I was treated as a subpar customer. Yeah not everyone eats sushi. I am that guy. Consequently I did join a large group of friends here. I knew that things wouldn't exactly be outstanding, but this place took it to a whole new level. The only reason they get a two star vs a one star is that most of my friends received excellent service and food. . . Whereas I got worse treatment than the red headed step child... Hell that is demeaning I don't even have red hair  *SMH*. In fact my trip here was one of my worst restaurant experiences in the last 10-15 years. *extremely disappointed*. . So while all my friends purchased the AYCE meal and started to receive their various foods within 5 minutes of ordering, my appetizers (sesame chicken and shrimp tempura) took about 45 minutes to receive the first item, the shrimp tempura. It took another 10 plus minutes to receive the sesame chicken.. . REALLY YAMA SUSHI!!! You brought out appetizers to my friends on the AYCE menu within 20 minutes. Why cant you bring the non AYCE appetizers to the guy who has nothing else to eat?  But your attitude seemed to be who cares he isn't getting AYCE.. . Knowing that they are concentrating on the AYCE folks and the rolls that most of the people are getting, I knew I would have my food delayed. What ended up happening? Everyone was on their third or fourth roll at least before my food was served. . . Consequently I think you guys can go jump off a cliff. Way to treat a customer who wanted to partake in what he had heard was an awesome restaurant experience. I can count the number of times on a single hand where I have had a worse dining experience in my entire life!. . Way to ruin what was otherwise a wonderful day for me with a large number of friends. I SERIOUSLY HOPE YOU DECIDE TO REVAMP YOUR POLICY TOWARDS NON AYCE PAYING CUSTOMERS OR THOSE WHO WANT SOMETHING A LITTLE BIT DIFFERENT, AND YET STILL ORDER DIRECTLY OFF OF YOUR MENU WITHOUT A SINGLE CHANGE REQUEST!. . WHY THE HELL EVEN HAVE THOSE CHOICES LISTED WITH PRICING THAT IS NOT AYCE IF YOU JUST WANT TO IGNORE THE GUY WHO ORDERS DINNER THAT WAY.. . I HOPE BEYOND A SHADOW OF A BELIEF THAT CUSTOMERS TURN AWAY FROM YOUR RESTAURANT IF THEY ARE LIKE ME. SOMEONE WHO WANTS TO BE TREATED FAIRLY AND NOT MADE TO WAIT AN OVERLY EXTENSIVE PERIOD OF TIME TO GET WHAT YOU ARE ALREADY SERVING TO THOSE ALL AROUND HIM.. . I WILL NEVER BE BACK HERE AND I HOPE THAT OTHERS WILL NOT AS WELL.. . To add insult to injury your staff came after me for leaving less than the pre-ordained tip as listed on the check since I was part of a party of 6 or more. You should have been happy I left a tip at all. But to have you come after me demanding more for absolutely no service and unreasonable treatment, well F YOU. I am still pissed off about it and it has been several weeks.  . . I hope your business goes bust!. . /Ends Rant. . I am Schel and I approve this review!. . Edit: Screw it I cant stand to give them 2 stars... I have to drop it to a 1 star... still super ticked off...
Food was okay. The grumpy Asian cook at the sushi bar needs an attitude adjustment. He was rude to the people at the bar. This place would be better without this guy.
Warning: Do not come to this restaurant if you eat sushi often!. . I don't consider myself an expert on sushi, but I've eaten at a lot of good sushi places around the Socal area. My favorite places are Sushi Ota in San Diego and Ootoro in Walnut. I also like places like Akasaka in Rowland Heights and I even enjoy the cheaper sushi joints like any of the revolving Kula bars and also Sushi Q in Chino Hills. With that being said, this is absolutely the worst sushi restaurant I've ever had the misfortune of trying.. . We tried pretty much everything. The salmon, the tuna, the yellowtail, the sweet shrimp, the uni, the cooked fish, the hand rolls, the specialty rolls, you name it. There was not one piece of fish that was appetizing. When eating sashimi, you want it to be fresh and you want the pieces that melt in your mouth. Well, the sashimi here was the opposite. It was so dry, I felt like I was swallowing paper at times. I'm not even joking here, even prepackaged sushi at Japanese marts are significantly better than the stuff served at this sorry excuse for a sushi joint.. . Honestly, the best thing I had here was the miso soup. I shit you not, even the edamame was disappointing. The edamame... . To say the least, this meal was the worst meal I've had in a very long time. If you're not from around Vegas, don't waste a precious meal coming here. Your stomach will thank me.
After reading the overwhelmingly positive yelp reviews my fiance and I were excited to try this place out.. . basics:. . 1. located in a strip mall with a Chase outfront, the restaurant sign reads SUSHI in big letters. You can't miss it.. . 2. plenty of parking.. . 3. They have an all you can eat dinner for $23.99/pp dinner and $20.99/pp lunch. Dinner starts at 3pm.. . review:. . 1. The seating was awkward and very tight. The 2 person tables are seated right next to each other and you can hear conversations from both sides of the table. . . 2. The sushi was just plain, very bland. There was no taste.. . 3. My philadelphia roll had SOO much cream cheese it was disgusting. I'll upload a picture... . This place is affordable, but the food and the inside seating sucked so much I'm not sure why people leave such good reviews.. . I would highly recommend Blue Fin Sushi & Roll a few miles away, MUCH better sushi and atmosphere, and it's about the same price. We hit that location on our date night before going to the Galaxy theater which has reclinable seats.. . I would not recommend this place at all, bad sushi and cramped seating.
Bad service and bad food! As soon as I walked in I noticed there were flies flying around throughout the restaurant. Our waitress got our orders wrong! And then when I couldn't finish the bad sushi she told me I had to eat it!! Are you kidding?! I am not about to be force fed bad sushi!! Anyway, bad service, bad food, and they weren't very clean. Never going there again.
Completely fleeced me. Asked the lady up front about all you can eat sushi but that I don't eat carbs. She said ok. Them served me and charged me $50 for individual rolls because I didn't eat the rice. . . Did not take care of it properly and then avoided me for the rest of the meal.
This place really pisses me off.  Being in the food service industry in vegas for over ten yen years I find the plates here offensive.  In an attempt to defer their food cost. All the sushi you order has a ridiculous amount of rice on it so as to fill you up fast.  You incur more cost if you don't eat all your  rice at all you can eat restaurants. Fine. Charge me more up front.  I come to sushi ,to eat fish. I mentioned the abundance of rice on my sushi to my server. Her suggestion was. "Order off the appetizer menu". That's cute. There's almost no fish on that menu.  Two hands way down.
Oh how it pains me to say this, but yama sucks now. I've been going there for years and I Just keep having more and more problems every time. So now we're done. No more yama.  They aren't the best anymore anyway,  we have found that sushi mon, and daisho sushi are both consistantly better and have higher quality and better service. The only reason we went to yama again is because they're closer to our home.  Not anymore. It's not worth it when they consistently ruin our meals with their poor service.  Last time we had to ask for a new table because they tried to stuff 6 adults and a high chair at a 4 person table and set a plate of silverware including knives directly in front of our 2 yr old, which he picked up, of course. Then they put wasabi right in front of him. It was like pulling teeth to get them to give us a new table and we had to speak to the mgr to get it. Time before that, our server was the rudest person I ran in to all year. And this time the server came and rudely told my husband he needed to take his foot off of the chair because a customer complained, when we asked for the mgr we were told they were out of town. It was the equivalent of the server telling you to take your elbows off the table. And it was lunch. Plus they kept running into my chair the whole time I was eating, now that's rude. That's it, we're done. We used to put up with their crap service bc their food was so good, unfortunately their food isn't great anymore so it's just not remotely worth it. We will just go farther now to somewhere cheaper that has better food and service. Yama, we're over!
Chef is pissed and waitress doubted that the rice has too much vinegar.  Also loaded on rice which is not a good quality. Service is slow.  The chef yells who complains in all you can eat sushi place. Very rude. Never come again. Vinigar taste...worst sushi place. Do not come here.  Oh and one guy ran to the restroom to vomit everything.  Later waitress was more attentive and nicer.
