If I could give this place ZERO stars, I would! Nobody warns you that there are trains which begin sounding their horns at the crack of 5am everyday! After finally falling back asleep, we were woke up again at roughly 7am, this time by the fire alarms. They continued for a while and then were followed by the most obnoxious in-room announcement which was made over a loud speaker telling everyone there was NO alarm. After our long day at a tradeshow, we went to the room to attempt a nap. But the trains again were sounding their horns! The next morning, we hoped to get some more sleep thinking that the alarm issue was resolved. WRONG! They starting going off again and they made another announcement over the speaker advising it was a Test. So BOTH mornings we were awoken in the worst possible way and only received but a generic apology. The cell service SUCKED at best, It was almost impossible to catch a signal anywhere in our room! The TV was a flat screen but it continuously glitched out, froze, and even turned itself off! Although this is a non-smoking property, our floor wreaked like animal urine, GROSS! I will NEVER stay here or any other Trump establishment again!
Stayed here last year and was not very impressed. The rooms were very nice, but the location is terrible. You are deceivingly farther off the strip than you think. The pool closes very early and was nothing to brag about compared to its competition.
"pet friendly" hotel locked us out of room in the middle of the night because we had our two dogs.  Apparently, the site through which we booked did not send the information that we were traveling with our two small dogs to the Trump hotel.  Their solution, instead of calling my cell phone or just charging the pet fee to my card on file, they lock the doors in the middle of the night.  Then the manager lectures/argueswith you for 45 minutes when you ask to get into your room.  What a waste of time!
I chose the Trump international because of the laid back atmosphere and the non-smoking. Boy, DID I MAKE A MISTAKE!. . I checked in yesterday after a hellish commute to Vegas that started with 10 hours of delays at the airport, babies crying and little kids kicking my seat and bad turbulence. Continued with a fight with US air about having my baggage damaged and 2 hour wait at Hertz. Finally checked in and got a light dinner and some gambling and crashed exhausted at 11pm.. . Woke up at 2:30am to the sound of the loudest horn on the train. Another train's horn at 3am and the last one at 4am. Went to the front desk and they moved me to other side at a higher floor. Just heard another train fly by with their horn at full blast at 5am and another at 6m. I slept for about 3 hours. Never been more exhausted in my life. I hate to think what a regular night's sleep (or lack thereof) will be like tonight!. . Looks like I won't be sleeping this week. I've lived in NYC, near NYU/VA/Bellevue hospitals during 9/11 with all the sirens but these trains take the cake. Just really pissed that I spent all this money and I'm on vacation and I WON'T BE ABLE TO SLEEP. PISSED OFF THAT I STILL HAVE 6 MORE NIGHTS OF THIS GARBAGE. STAY AWAY!. . I didn't mention about the used condom package in my drawer or the 3 bugs that i killed next to the bed or the fact that the bed is so cushioney and has too much give.
I will never stay here again. First of all I grew up in las vegas and now live in san diego but still enjoy some weekends on the strip. I came here for my bachelorette party. I was treated like I had the plague the entire stay. Their pool sucks, Phoebe at the front desk is the rudest person by far, then there is the fat old broad in the gift shop who yells at you bc you wont pay 90 dollars for a 30 dollar bottle of kettle one. Customer service was horrible and I paid 500 bucks to be treated like a 3rd class citizen for 2 days. . . P.s. don't eat the chicken noodle soup from room service they bring you rocks in water heated up.. never again!
Stay here if you want a quiet, serene hotel that's slightly lacking in amenities and away from the rigors of city hustle-and-bustle.. . In other words, stay at the Trump Las Vegas if you don't want to be in Las Vegas.
Horrible customer service.  When there are so many wonderful places to stay in vegas with excellent customer service, why stay at Trump?
Fortunately for non-gamblers, Las Vegas has hotels with no casinos.  . . However this is not the hotel that I would recommend.  My understanding is that the hotel is a financial flop -- gaming license rejected, real estate market crushed plans for more towers and time share sales.. . Thus, the hotel is left with an insufficient budget. . . Don't expect to get any form of accommodations from this hotel.  I suspect that the staff was not able to get jobs at the true 4-star hotels.  The clientele is low-class.. . My experience included a drunk guest who rang the door bell to my suite at 3:00 a.m. claiming that his girlfriend was in my room.  After having to physically escort him to the front desk, he returned to my room less than 15 minutes later looking for his girlfriend again.  After a brief scuffle and again escorting the drunk guest to the front desk, I was greeted by 2 security thugs at my room accusing me of "beating up" another guest.. . The next day, my son and I fell ill to food poisoning (no kidding...you can't make this stuff up!)  I suspect is was from the previous night's room service.. . Note to the Trump..."YOU'RE FIRED!"
The Trump International Hotel was a sheer disappointment.  This place left a bad taste in my mouth and I'm not sure if I will ever stay at a Trump hotel again.  This was the first time, to my knowledge, that I have stayed at a Trump Hotel and I had high expectations.  They claim to be a five star establishment and I strongly disagree.  If you are in Las Vegas for the sole purpose of business, then maybe it will satisfy you.  If you are coming to Vegas for Vegas, then stay away from this place.  There is no casino, no night club, and no smoking.  TRANSLATION: The place is dead and boring!  The room was okay, I would compare it to one of the better hotel chains like the Doubletree or Hilton.  In comparison to most high-end Casino/Hotel rooms like the Palazzo, the room accomodations here look like a cheap Motel 6 room.  Their standard rooms only come with one king bed, and a very uncomfortable sofa pullout bed.  We asked the front desk if we could get an upgraded room with two beds, since I am male and I don't like sleeping with my male friend.  Hotwire books you the room without a bed preference.  They said the only rooms that had more than one bed were their penthouses and they are reserved.  They were really snobby about it too.. . THIS PLACE IS NOT ON THE STRIP, ALTHOUGH HOTWIRE WILL SELL YOU A ROOM THERE AND SAY ITS ON THE NORTH END OF THE STRIP.  IF YOU WANT TO VISIT THE STRIP, EXPECT TO DRIVE, , TAKE A LONG WALK, PAY FOR A CAB, OR ATTEMPT TO GET ON THEIR RIDICULOUS SHUTTLE.  There is one pool and one jacuzzi for the entire hotel.  The pool/jacuzzi is open from something like 8am-5pm which is utterly ridiculous.  The service, from the housekeeping to the front desk, was terrible!  There was no bedding for the pull out bed and we had to make repeated phone calls for about 45 minutes (seriously) to get the bedding.  This happened at the end of the night when we were ready to sleep.  We had to make a few other calls regarding problems with the room and went through the same thing.  There is no self parking, therefore forcing you to valet your vehicle and pay every time you get it in or out.  The resort fee is crazy!  How is this a resort?  Maybe because they give you two complimentary bottled waters and they have an expensive spa? There is a complimentary shuttle, which is actually a mini-van, that will transport you to The Wynn or the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace.  This "shuttle" runs from 9am-midnight.  The line is always long and you will never know how long you will have to wait.  If the shuttle fills up, you have to wait for the next one.  Also, keep in mind, the Forum Shops entrance is all the way at the back of Caesars Palace and the Wynn is not on the strip either.  SO ANNOYING!    I WILL NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, GO BACK TO THIS HOTEL AGAIN.  I visit Las Vegas on a regular basis and I will actually be afraid to use Hotwire again for fear I will get this hotel.
For my trip to Vegas, I made hotel reservations through Hotwire and paid for a 5 star hotel.  The hotel "selected" for me was the Trump Tower.  Let me tell you, I will not be using Hotwire ever again.  Below is my experience.  And yes, Donald...YOUR FIRED!. . Day 1. Requested and paid for an upgrade to one bedroom apartment.  Upon entering, the first thing we noticed was Ikea quality cabinetry and furniture.  There was a small, nicked up dining table and chairs.  One chair's leg was two inches shorter than the other three, so it wobbled to the point of being useless.. . Large carpet stain by the entrance.. . Day 2. Pressed the "Do Not Disturb" button.  That didn't do much good.  Housekeeping knocked on the door at about 10:00 AM.  . . Ran water in the kitchen sink.  A foul smell seeped out from the drain.. . Day 3. Pressed the "Do Not Disturb" button again.  Same results.  . . My wife shampooed her hair.  No hair dryer.  Called the front desk requesting one.  15 minutes later, called again.  Finally, someone showed up.. . Day 4. Tested and checked the "Do Not Disturb" light outside the room.  It wasn't working, so I pointed out the problem to housekeeping.  No one came by to fix it.. . Day 5. Ran the sink water again.  Same foul smell.  This time I tried to run the garbage disposal, which didn't work.  I found the reset button on the bottom of the disposal unit and reset it.  Tried to run it, but it was jammed and tripped the circuit breaker again.. . Went out for the day.  Came back at midnight.  Did NOT press the Do Not Disturb button.  This time, housekeeping didn't show up at all!  . . Checkout day. The woman at the front desk asked if we had a nice stay and I told her that it was not nice at all and I informed her of everything that went wrong.  She then told me that had I reported these things, they would have been taken care of.  I replied that I had in fact let housekeeping know that the Do Not Disturb light did not work, and that didn't get fixed.  I also mentioned to her that she didn't write down anything that I just told her, so I doubt the hotel would do anything about the issues.. . She then said she would see if the hotel manager would waive the $20 per day "resort fee" (nice hidden tax that isn't mentioned by Hotwire).  So after talking to the manager, she said he'd take of $50 from our bill.  At that point, I told her I would never be staying at a Trump property again, and she replied, "Do you still want us to take off the $50?". . Trump hinted he could run the United States.  He can't handle running a hotel.
I enjoyed a recent stay at the Vdara and was hoping that Trump would feel the same way!  Too bad I was wrong about that. Let me start of with the positive things about the hotel: the rooms were spacious, clean and nice and the food was good. The bathrooms were large!  On the negative side:  This hotel left me wondering if it was really a five star hotel. There are no robes in the room.  The pool closes at 5pm. When you press the room service button on the phone the front desk responds (leaving me feeling like the hotel is understaffed since this happened on more than one time). There is almost no cell service and the t.v barely works.  However, I give this hotel only one star for the poor location and lack of amenities in the hotel alone (there is only one lobby hotel that sells trump t-shirts).  This hotel requires you to take a taxi almost anywhere you are going In fact, even if you want to walk to the Wynn you realize that you have to walk on the street to do so since there are no side walks.  The hotel is quiet but too quiet really. You kinda feel like you thought that you were going to Vegas but ended up somewhere else instead. If you wanna go to Vegas to sit in your room for much of your stay (or take taxis everywhere you go...which gets expensive) this may be the place for you. However, if you wanna feel like you are in the action  than this not for you.  Plus, the shuttles between Wynn and Trump stop running at midnight during the week (wait....we are in Vegas still right?). This place may be ideal for a business traveler.  But for now...all that I can say is: Donald you're fired!  I would prefer to spend my money somewhere else.
I stayed at the Trump on 1/14/12 for two nights, this hotel is overrated, I thought it was far from the strip and did not have a casino. The service was terrible, especially at the Valet (This casino is Valet only), we did not get help with our luggage when checking in, my room did not have a remore control for the TV. The decor is 80's style, this casino is definitely in a different league than Aria or Cosmopolitan.
First off, let me start by saying that my reason for the 1 star review is based on the fact that their valet service (valet service is not optional at this hotel) scratched my car - it's more of a gouge, really. . . We reported it to their security department and have been very patient. It's been almost a month and they have not given us an answer (mind you, we have been the ones who have had to call, call, call to get any sort of "update") as to whether they are going to do anything to fix our car. We finally went through our insurance instead.. . **Had they not effed up our car, this hotel would have merited a 3.5 to 4 star review**. . The hotel itself is quite nice. The rooms are spacious and well appointed. The bathroom had a whirlpool tub - very nice indeed. The housekeeping department does a nice job of keeping the rooms clean. They are, in fact, cleaner than a lot of other high-end resorts on the strip.. . Our biggest complaint was the bed. It was not very comfortable at all. My side was a little lopsided and the hubs found it to be lumpy or something...he couldn't quite find the right way to describe it. All in all, they need new mattresses, stat. Good thing we were always too pooped to really care.. . The location is pretty good as well. While not on the strip, they are right by the Fashion Show Mall and offer shuttle service to other hotels if you don't feel like walking or driving. Valet parking is included with your stay - but, do so at your own peril...
Reasons to not stay here:. . Thin windows means the train wakes you up early in the morning.  . Broken TV that had no volume and wouldn't turn off.  . Broken doorbell and two sets of doors so you can't open the door for friends.  . Poor cell reception. . Uncomfortable (bag of rocks style) pull out couch mattress.  . Weird bites from the bed.  . NO HOT WATER on upper floors/corner rooms.  . Bad coffee maker. . Valet only system means it can take half an hour to get your car.. Front desk service unresponsive to problems.  . Have a service button which if you don't push your room doesn't get cleaned. . No nightlife.. Off the strip with shuttle service that gets into car accidents and shuts down.  . . DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY.  Worst "5-star" hotel in Vegas.
this is an expensive hotel.. with valet parking. we have a rental car that we drove straight from the airport to the hotel. we had checked the car with 3 people for scratches etc. none found. next day, when we got the car back from the valet; a big scratch. they are now "investigating" whether it happened because of them.. we had to wait for ages in the lobby, and the guy helping us was unfriendly.. today, on the 2nd day of our stay we come back after a long day in the desert just to find that our room has not been made up. no new towels, anything. also, the carpet in the room was full of stains. i was surprised to learn that this hotel is only 4 years old. the view was not the best; an abandoned parking lot. but the sunrise in the morning was amazing! (and for free, haha). they pretend to be classy, but its just a bad hotel. . the bed and pillows were awful; the bed is much too soft and with springs. we stayed there 3 nights and each night i woke up multiple times, with a terribly back pain. (later during our holiday we slept on an air mattress and that was a relief, compared to the horrible trump-bed! can you imagine!). oh, and the lobby is extremely smelly. like a lady that sprayed too much perfume on her before going out. it hurts your nose!. will never go here again, thats for sure.
Last three times my family and I have come to Vegas, we've stayed at the Trump and it's been great. This time it's been a joke for the following reasons:. . 1. Checked in at 4 and they said my room wasn't ready but they would upgrade me to a corner suite, it will be inspected in 20 minutes and they will call me.  After roaming around Vegas for TWO HOURS, no call.  I return to the hotel to inquire and they tell me the room hasn't been cleaned yet.. Then they offer me my old room back. . . 2. Nothing works here. Remote controls, in room telephones, everything is broken.. . 3. Valet.  When you take a taxi from the MGM to the Trump the fare is about $11 which goes to $15 because you end up sitting there waiting in a cab for 10 minutes for the valets to clear the driveway.  . . 4. It's filthy. Rooms are starting to look worn out, carpets are stained. . . 5. Clientele.  Trump seems to be a haven for groups of thugs that, because the rooms are large, can pile 5 to 8 people in a single suite and have room parties with cases of beer and coolers.. . Major shame, used to love staying here but I'll be finding a new place to stay.
What an utter disappointment this hotel turned out to be. And I never even made it into the lobby. I booked rooms here for my family when first planning our trip to Vegas. I did this just based on the name Trump and assuming it would be top class and the best of the best. Wow was I wrong. . . The first problem I ran into was when I tried to look up my reservation on their website. It kept saying it was not found. I thought ok, it will just take a week or two to show up. After a good month I contact customer service wondering what the problem was. I was told there was no problem and that it was just too bad essentially that I could not find my reservation on their website. This took me by surprise. I have gotten better customer service at my local McDonalds.. . The reason I was looking up the reservation was to possibly upgrade my room. After more thought and by the surprising "customer service" we decided to split and go for a different hotel. So to my surprise when I told a customer rep that I wished to cancel my bookings A MONTH, yes a month  in advance. They said Oh ok no problem. Shortly followed by you have been charged the full price of your stay. Thank you have a great day.. . WOW! This place is shoddy people. Mr Trump needs to keep a closer eye on his properties and how they are reflecting his name. I do NOT expect this kind of horrible treatment from a hotel with the Trump name. Needless to say I will NEVER go to a trump Hotel EVER. And I would suggest you look elsewhere. Still shocked and appalled at the treatment of their customers. You all should be ashamed.
Had a nightmare experience here. The rooms I paid more for and had reserved with a confirmation number had been overbooked and unavailable upon arrival!!! 5 stars?????!!! They did nothing to make it up either!!!. . . . . . . Like  .. . . . Raul Ovalles, William Arriola and 2 others like this... . . . . Trump International Hotel Las Vegas Armando - we are very sorry the room you reserved was not available upon your arrival. We hope you will give us another chance to provide you an exceptional experience.. 7 hours ago  Like.. . . . Armando Rojo . I would've if they didn't mess up the next day as well. Gave us the run around about putting us in the right room. We had our bags packed until about 6pm we were moved, kept getting told someone was on their way to the room. The fact that we were waiting around til then to get the room which I paid more for was ridiculous and insult to injury. It wasted our whole day since we were at a standstill. The least you guys could've done is compped a night for us. A meal credit was insufficient. A discount for an additional night was insufficient as wouldn't have felt like I needed to stay an extra day to make up to my family the nightmare you guys provided. Then I get home to find out you guys had 2 unaccounted for charges to my atm, which finally were cleared. You guys didn't care to make this right when you had the chance. You truly showed no care for customer satisfaction! 5 stars? Not at all. . 6 hours ago via mobile  Like  4. . . Jason Crowder That's all you can say to him? You won't even offer him a free meal???? Pretty lame. 5 hours ago  Unlike  2.. . . . Sonjia Shaw Wow that's horrible we were thinking of staying there . 5 hours ago via mobile  Unlike  2.. . . . Armando Rojo It was bad, I was shocked to be honest! We had reservation/confirmation still didn't matter and they said they were very busy that weekend. 5 hours ago via mobile  Like  2.. . . . Vanessa Ralon Martinez Wow that's terrible!. 5 hours ago via mobile  Unlike  1.. . . . Raul Ovalles Wow!! I would definitely not stay there after reading your experience. 4 hours ago via mobile  Unlike  1.. . . . Julio Lopez It's all about motel 6 babe baby!. 3 hours ago via mobile  Unlike  1.. . . . Lorenzo Lopez I guess I know where we won't be staying next time we go to Vegas :(. 32 minutes ago via mobile  Unlike  1.. . . . Darryl Mayberry All's I gotta say is......YELP!!! Company Executives see Yelp reviews, and it will let the people who care & can make changes know they have issues....It'll also let people know to stay away if they get too many negative reviews...... 6 minutes ago  Like.
we stayed at the trump now more than a month ago (may 22-24). the valet scratched our car. when we noticed this, we immediately told them, and they "started an investigation". upon checking out (2 days later), they still hadnt concluded this "investigation", but they would contact us. nothing.. we emailed. no reply.. we called, got transferred to voicemail. never a call back.. . they scratched our car!! damaged it and just ignore us. unbelievable.. we contacted the better business bureau and hope to resolve this issue that way.. im utterly disappointed, but wont give up so easily...
One of the worst check ins. Guess that Trump sucks. No matter the rest of the experience not much can redeem when it starts off poorly. Immediately I'd choose somewhere else when next in Vegas. Not like there's no choice in this city.. . There's no casino, no smoke and the bathroom has a Jacuzzi which was big and the main plus point. From there it goes downhill.. . Valet parking would be nice if it wasn't 15-20mins from giving your ticket stub to getting your car. It just doesn't work. Thankfully the mall is just across the road so that's somewhere you can park if you are more in a hurry.. . The lobby wasn't bad and there's a nice semi corridor to get to your room. But when you look at the room (perhaps that's not expected) you notice all sorts of wear and tear and you can tell corners have been cut as this alleged 5 star hotel. Gouges in furniture, scratches, wires dangling. Not great.. . If you are facing towards Circus Circus then you have another double whammy. The windows are not sound proof enough. You will hear freight trains go by who blast their horns. Then when you want to lie in, the pool music (assuming this is where the noise comes from) also drifts upward and into the room.. . Disappointing. Very disappointing. CP much better considering it's "lower quality".. You have been warned.
Stay away from the Trump hotel!!  This is not a 5 star hotel.  It is at most a 4 star.  My friend booked this place using Hotwire for four people and they gave us 1 King bed and a Queen sofa pullout.  Hotwire charged us $404 for two nights to sleep on a couch.  This place is a SCAM!!! Do not stay here at all cost.  Do anything you can to stay away.  They are running a SCAM!!!  On top of that they charged a bogus resort fee when there is no resort, and the shuttles stops at 2 am on the weekends.  You are 0.5 miles away from the strip or any near casinos.  The place is cheaply built and by the railroad tracks.  Donald Trump should be ashamed to put his name on this.  He must of got scammed building this hotel and is just passing the buck to the public.  Quality is nowhere to be found.  You are left with an empty wallet, and a sore back from the sofa .  I'm never using Hotwire or going to the Trump ever again.  Pass the word on.
Really remote, and bare bones.. If you think you might stock some juice or milk in the refrigerator, forget it.  There's no place anywhere near this hotel where you can buy any groceries.. . The room service menu is useless.  They really don't expect anyone to use it.  Your best bet might be to run to the nearest shopping mall and buy some awful pizza during the mall hours.. . The gym is so small, that you need to figure out where you can stand without getting into someone else's way.. . My last two days I couldn't get housekeeping to clean up my room.  Lots of apologies, but even a day after the apologies... NO HOUSEKEEPING. . I've stayed at much better places around LV for the same or less money.  And I didn't have to walk as far to get to the attractions from those other places.
UPDATE:  Apparently this Trump Hotel is not truly associated with the others, or All Trump Hotels are all losing their Five Star touch.  . . For the Las Vegas branch: I like what Thomas F. said; "Trump, the dump"!. . If you have the opportunity to stay somewhere else, do so.. . This is the response I received after 8 months of communications.. . Good Evening..., . . My apologies that you were unhappy with the offer to credit back your previous stay. It was not our intention for you in any way to feel that it was a dismissal. I did look into the option of offering a credit at one of the other properties in our hotel collection, but unfortunately we are not able to do so. I credited the charges that I offered on the day that I emailed you, but if you prefer I can certainly offer a future credit at the Trump International Hotel Las Vegas for the amount instead. It would be our pleasure to have the opportunity to serve you again. . . The Trump Family, although affiliated with our hotel, does not handle correspondences with our hotel guests. Our team of management has been appointed to handle the customer care of our guests.  We do certainly apologize for the challenges during your previous stay, and wish to have the continued opportunity to assist you. We value your feedback regarding your stay and are grateful for the time you have taken to detail your experience with us. I can assure you that we take careful consideration of how to improve our daily operations based on the feedback of our guests. . . Please let me know if you would prefer the credit to go to a future visit at Trump International Hotel Las Vegas, or if you would like for the credit that was placed on the card provided to remain. If you wish to return I will personally arrange your future visit, and I am confident that you will have an experience that meets the standards that you have come to expect from a Trump property. . . I truly hope that we are able to offer something that will work best for you. Please let me know what you think would be best. . . Sincerely,. . . This is the worst hotel.  It took 7 months to get a reply, and then it was never delivered to Trump Headquarters as requested.. . Mr. Trump, this place is such a poor representation of your quality hotels, that you should remove your name from it, or clean it out and up regarding the building and the staff.  A lot of fishy stuff going on behind your back.  Don't know who is managing, but funny how I never heard from headquarters when I wrote the 3 page letter and then only heard back from the actual hotel 5 months after I wrote, and only because I chased them down.. . Think you should call and check into it.
Smells like cigarettes.
Unbelievable. That's the best word I can use to sum up our experience at the Trump Hotel. And I don't mean it in a good way. We had such an unbelievably bad experience that I can't even begin to comprehend how things could have been this ridiculous. It was so terrible that we never even made it to a room and thus this review is based purely on our attempted check-in experience.. . We arrived at the Trump around 12:45 a.m. on a Friday night. After sitting in two hours of barely moving traffic en route from San Diego, making our five hour drive a seven hour drive, we were exhausted. All I wanted was to relax in a nice, comfortable bed and regroup for the next day. Instead, we end up sitting in the lobby for not one, not two, but THREE hours! Here's the story:. . We check in at 12:45 and the front desk says it will be 15 to 30 minutes until our room is ready. This in itself seems ridiculous. In a hotel with over a thousand rooms, how do they not have a single room ready for check in? Plus, we had booked our room in advance. Check in is around 4 p.m. It should have been ready hours ago! But we decide to take it all in stride and go to the bar for a drink. . . An hour goes by. We go back to talk to the man at front desk. He apologizes and assures us that our room will be ready shortly. He says that we are fourth in line and the cleaner was in our room at the moment. He offers us $25 to use at the bar and an additional $50 on our room key once we receive it. He also says that he would upgrade our room to a suite at no charge.. . At this point, it's closing in on 2 a.m. By the time we get to the bar, it was closing (didn't realize bars closed in Vegas) and the bartender offered us free beer for all the hassle. We continue to sit in the lobby, along with several other groups of people, and time continues to tick by. . . Around 3 a.m. we go to the front desk again. The line takes about 30 minutes, as there are already several complaints in front of ours. We finally find out that there was a "situation" and our room is still not ready. They can't tell us what the "situation" is or explain how a single "situation" could cause us to wait for a room for three hours. We finally were offered a room at the Palazzo. The Trump arranged for a car to drive us to the hotel, which is a couple long Vegas blocks away. But before we could leave, we had to reclaim our baggage, which had been loaded on a cart to take to our room. When we asked for our baggage, the girl instead brought our car, which we were going to pick up the next day. . . Eventually, after 4 a.m., we were dropped off at the Palazzo and were able to check in and be in bed by 4:30 a.m.. . I have no idea how a hotel can be so incredibly disorganized and deceitful. We didn't appreciate being lied to on several occasions about when our room would be ready and it was absolutely ridiculous how they didn't have a single room ready. . . Needless to say, we won't be returning to the Trump Hotel.
Having worked in the hotel and service industry for over 10 years I would have never believed the review for which I am about to write regarding a 5-star hotel in Las Vegas.  . . We had made reservations at the Las Vegas Trump Hotel for the weekend.  After a 7 hour trip from San Diego we finally get to the Trump around midnight, a little tired from our longer than usual car ride.  We are greeted very nicely and everything was nice and clean.  We go to the front desk to check in and that is when our nightmare begins. When we got to the counter, they let us know that our room wasn't quite ready. We weren't too thrilled to hear about the delay considering we booked our room two months prior and were tired from the drive, but said okay and they told us it would be only a half an hour wait.  We went to the lounge and had a couple drinks at the bar, where the bartenders were very friendly and accommodating. We returned to the counter after 45 minutes of waiting and politely asked the status of room. They said they were cleaning our room and it would be ready soon. They were sorry and they would upgrade our room for free. Still, we were kind of blown away because when we asked what was going on, they said they have a "situation." . . Now being in the hotel service industry I know that when a hotel goofs or a "situation" arises the hotel should do its best to try accommodate.  The only thing we got was a sorry and it would be another half an hour.  So it's now 1:45 am  and we are getting a little pissed, so we went up to the lobby manager and requested an explanation.  All she gave us is "there is still a situation upstairs."  Trying to please us, the manager gave us a $25.00 voucher for the bar.  The only problem is that the bar closes at 2:00 am and so when we went to use the voucher the bar had closed.  . . So now it is 2:30 am and we had no where to stay and didn't want to walk anywhere else, since the Trump is off the strip and the only parking they have is valet.  .    . Finally at 3:30ish in the morning I had enough and let them know that this was unacceptable and enough is enough.  I wasn't furious about the room not being available, I was furious about them lying to me for three hours.  After I had called them out on it and they saw how upset I was getting, they finally got us a room at the Palazzo.  After it was all said and done it was 4:00 am on Friday before I was able to get into a room. . . Needless to say I had a crappy start to my Saturday where I was going to meet up with some friends for brunch and drinks at the pool.  But that was ruined because I finally woke up around 11:00, still tired and pissed from my experience at the Trump.  . . I don't  know if it was new managers on the floor or inexperienced staff, but if you have a situation where a guest is not going to have a room for the night that they paid for, you should do your best to accommodate. Not make up stories and try to buy time.  This is a five star hotel and very little was done to accommodate us and make a enjoyable stay.  I know when our hotel had a "situation" we offered free meals, free night stays, or vouchers to other places to enjoy the town.  . . The Trump front desk was a complete let down.  The management had no ethics or integrity nor did they have any interest to try to make it up to me.  This is why regretfully give this place a 1 star, which saddens me because I had heard nothing but great things about this place.
Sad that I cannot give 0 stars.. Our experience: a Trump valet driver backed our rental car into a pole or something. The damage is significant. We reported it and also reported it to the rental company. The rental guys have been very friendly and understanding and said they would get in touch with the hotel regarding the repair bill. It's now almost 2 weeks and after many phone calls to the security team as well as the front counter managers - the rental company and us have left a number of messages and asked for conformation that someone will confirm they are looking into the issue - NO reply! The security team is rude and every time we call, there is no one there who can tell us anything. The front desk managers are friendly but useless! As it stands now, we will have to pay for the damage (a few $1000 worth) - even though it was the valet driver who damaged the car!! The service isabsolutely terrible and the valet drivers are obviously not the best either! NEVER will we stay at the TRUMP again but we would still really appreciate if someone could return our calls and messages!!!
Hey health nuts - resist the urge for a fancy colonic.  Instead, dine at Trump's restaurant.  They were temporarily shut down for 51 health code violations (don't ask about the black bean chili).  I believe they have since been reopened after throwing away a great deal of the items in their refrigerators and freezers.  So maybe you will get lucky!  Maybe not.  How do you know when caviar has gone bad?  Ask one of the fine servers - they know now!  . http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/11/16/trump-steakhouse-inspection_n_2146571.html?ncid=edlinkusaolp00000003
stayed here on my bday earlier in the year...the one star is for the fact that the hotel is really pretty & our room was huge.  . BUT I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN!  we got the room on hotwire so i cant complain about the original price.... but then when we got there we were informed that they only have valet parking that you have to pay for.  so there's another 50$ for 2 nights.  EVERY other hotel in Vegas has free self parking....this place is in the middle of nothing ---they could make a parking lot!  . then they also charge a resort fee of like 30$ per day....  i wouldn't consider this place a "resort"  . the staff at the hotel were snobby. They have only one extremely expensive restaurant to choose from .  . . But the BEST part was when my boyfriend and I ordered room service in the middle of night.  We noticed that the menu stated that gratuity was added to the bill, no problem!  When the woman arrived to deliver the food, she handed me the bill to sign and i left the tip line blank and mentioned to her that it was bc the tip is already on the bill.... she then said that she doesn't get any of that tip and usually people tip her too.  SO YOU WANT ME TO PAY YOU 2 TIPS?  AKA 40% of the ridiculously expensive cobb salad etc.  Then she stayed around for a while talking about how the they don't let her have the tips & how she is a single mother struggling to make ends meet....... IS THIS SOME SORT OF SICK JOKE is what I was thinking.  I'm sorry but this was my birthday and not her pity party!  Not to sound rude but it was definitely weird!. .  I have stayed at a wide variety of hotels in vegas (includingthe Cosmopolitan, treasure island, hard rock, planet hollywood, NYNY, the Wynn, Mandalay bay, THEhotel, stratosphere,  and this is by far the worst of them all.  I would take the stratospheres 3 stars  over this  supposed "5 star" hotel any day!
We arrived here yesterday. The rooms are very nice, but the beds are awful!!!! We took 3 separate rooms and all of them had the same problem. It seems like these mattresses had been used forever.... Also, the doors are so heavy that we are constantly concern about our kids fingers; even for an adult its hard to open them. I would not recommend this hotel. Never coming back... We looked for a nice hotel w out cigaret smoke and casino, but this experience is not worth it....
The 4 star Yelp reviews are way off from my experience, there are some low rating reviews here and I had almost the same exact experience as they referenced.. . We booked a last minute room at the Trump towers to arrive at the CES show a day early (we previously had reservations for Thursday & Friday at The Mirage but there were no rooms available for Wed. night).  We paid $404 for a 1,000 sq. foot room for the 1 night.  I was impressed with the non-smoking policy, as we were bringing our son.  I always stay at the Hard Rock Hotel but changed gears when the Trump room had 1,000 sq. ft. compared to the 400 sq. ft HRH was offering, boy was I mistaken to cheat on my HRH (sad face).. . Our room stunk like cigarettes and we were too exhausted to complain and relocate to another room.  We arrived at 8:30 pm, dropped off our bags noticed the smell but left to have dinner and returned at 11:30 pm for sleepy time.. . Some items to consider - or areas that through me off.. Parking - is only Valet Parking, this is a hastlle when you need to use your car to drive to and from places with children.. Dining -  one fine dining restaurant and 1 adult lounge (not child friendly). Location- hotel is located near strip clubs but there is a Nordstrom entrance right across the street.. Hallways- the carpet is buckling, as we walked to our room, floor 48 was hurting to the eyes. . Rooms- they are reconfigured condos, run down. I could not believe all the scruff marks on the walls in the white closets.  The bathroom was very plain although it is completely made of granite, the glass shower doors make a huge bang when they close -  it sounds like they are going to shatter in a million pieces. The ironing board was a cheap white metal model and the iron was a low brand you would find at walmart. They offer complimentary coffee, I thought they would have a keurig but it was a mini machine with self brewing (just very out dated).. Sound - the windows are not sound proof and you can hear a train sound its' horns at the intersection near the hotel (I am assuming there is one) in the wee morning hours every couple hours or so.. Housekeeping- our sheets had lipstick on them (not mine). Sofa bed- was a thin sad springy mattress, the one blanket that was meant for this living room sofa bed was rough from being burned.  I'm assuming it was fire retardant as it did not have any holes but one corner was hard and crispy. My son actually complained, he never complains.. . Nice amenities. Kitchens in every room. 2 complimentary water bottles. Free newspaper in the morning. Free shuttles to Wynn and Cesares Palace - the driver will come every 15 minutes for pick ups to and from the Trump tower until 12 am.. Hotel check in area is very impressive.. . I will not be returning to the Trump towers but am glad that I did get the chance to experience it.  I'm actually dumbfounded as Donald hasn't fired the management staff at this place.  I imaginarily ranked his attention to details as a Steve Wynn type but this hotel reflects a lower end hotel chain.
This place was a joke! There was NO casino. Maybe they have good restaurants at this hotel, but other than that, it was a waste of time to see it.
I arrived at the trump to hear that they over booked and want to refund my money and put me up in another hotel. . So why not right. I didn't know that the manager that promised me that really didnt intend on refunding me my money. . Basically I had to talk to an array of people to even attempt to get my money back. In the end all they wanted to do is give me another night stay. I had to call my bank to get my money back. Worst experience in a long time. I will never stay at the trump.
This is the second time that we've stayed at the Trump. It's been a few years but I have to say that my second time will be the last time.  . . Upon arrival, we got into our room quickly. As we settled in, we turned the TV on. Or tried....it didn't work. We called downstairs and within 10 minutes, maintenance came up. It was a quick fix with a circuit breaker issue and he was on his way. . . We then went downstairs for a drink in the lounge. When we got back upstairs, we then saw that the garbage can near the desk had not been emptied. There were dirty q-tips on the floor near the garbage can, and it was filled with empty coffee creamer, orange seeds, etc. After inspecting the rest of the room, I realized that the bathroom tub wasn't all that clean. Not feeling all that confident that the room had been thoroughly cleaned, I called down and asked for a room switch. . . I was told that they would send somebody up with new room keys and escort us to our new room. That took about 25 minutes. Now we were on a time crunch to get showered and ready for dinner. . . Upon entering the new room, my husband tried the TV. Guess what? It didn't work! Surprise, surprise. At this point, we had to leave for dinner so we called down to let them know that the second room's TV didn't work either. . . In a rush to make our reservation, we left the room and realized we forgot something, so we ran back to the room. The new keys didn't work! . . Sigh....we decided to wait until we got home later that evening to deal with it. . . Later we got back to the hotel and talked with the front desk. We explained our situation and politely expressed our annoyances with what had happened since check-in. The person working the desk said he needed to check on something for us. When he came back, he told us that he "wanted us to go and settle in our room and enjoy yourselves" and that he would be "sending a bottle of champagne up to the room for you." But he kept repeating that he wanted us to "enjoy ourselves", which was a little creepy to me.   . . It was 2:30 am by the time we got to the room and I was ready to go to bed. We waited and waited and finally I fell asleep. About 40 minutes later, the bottle of champagne was brought up to our room. . . As the weekend progressed, there were more things that were disappointing. The second TV in the bathroom never worked, there was a light out in the bathroom and the toilet barely flushed. However, we just let it go because we thought we'd just get another bottle of champagne...whoo-hoo! I'm not even a champagne drinker, so that "reward" meant nothing for the inconvenience. . . We've stayed at several wonderful 5 star hotels in Vegas....the Wynn, Mandarin Oriental, Cosmopolitan...and the Trump has a long way to go if it wants to be compared to these hotels! . . Aside from the decent bed/pillows, there wasn't much that excited me about this time at the Trump. I think we'll pass next time.
Not only was our two night stay ruined by overbooking and having to move the one morning we were supposed to get to sleep in only to get back to the trump to no room for over three hours. They left us by the pool and never offered us so much as a free water while we waited. On the 37th floor street noise was still a problem. And expect to be awoken by the train at least twice during the nite as it blasts its horn when it goes by the hotel. The service was lacking, took three phone calls and two hours to have a dinner reservation made. And after all that I wrote in to the acting G.M. And Vice President to let him know how disappointed we were and he never even bothered to respond to my directly emailing him, very nicely telling him of our experience. So very unprofessional. Apparently the lack of concern for their guests starts at the top and works it's way down. Too bad because we had such high expectations going to the Trump. We really thought that meant we were going to get a top notch stay. Not so. So disappointing!
Absolutely terrible experience at the Trump Hotel.  Room was dirty and loud.  Was woken very late at night by someone who identified themselves as Security pounding on our door and demanding that we open to him.  My husband kept asking why...no logical response was given. BUT he said that he has a pass-key and could open our door even if we wouldn't. (!) Mind you...he had already opened the door to the hallway, so he clearly DOES have a key.  If we hadn't had the swing-arm latch on: he would have broken in while we were asleep. . When we reported this to the manager all we received was a (horrified) apology and promise of an investigation.  Oh, and he removed the ridiculous $25 'resort fee" and our food bill off of the Happy Hour menu!  Thanks a bunch!  Still may file a police report....They either have a delusional Security officer on staff, or someone posing as one who has a master key!  Would NEVER stay there again...we checked out immediately.
Just one kingsize bed per room! Couch could be converted into a second bed, but it is very uncomfortable. It's the worst I ever slept on! Also a fixed fee of about 25$ per day for internet and pool is by far too much!
Not only was our two night stay ruined by overbooking and having to move the one morning we were supposed to get to sleep in only to get back to the trump to no room for over three hours. They left us by the pool and never offered us so much as a free water while we waited. On the 37th floor street noise was still a problem. And expect to be awoken by the train at least twice during the nite as it blasts its horn when it goes by the hotel. The service was lacking, took three phone calls and two hours to have a dinner reservation made. And after all that I wrote in to the acting G.M. And Vice President to let him know how disappointed we were and he never even bothered to respond to my directly emailing him, very nicely telling him of our experience. So very unprofessional. Apparently the lack of concern for their guests starts at the top and works it's way down. Too bad because we had such high expectations going to the Trump. We really thought that meant we were going to get a top notch stay. Not so. So disappointing!
I was looking for a 5 Star Hotel in Las Vegas and decided to book a "secret" 5 star hotel on Expedia and I got the Trump Hotel.  I would never consider a hotel in Las Vegas a 5 star hotel if it does not have a casino. It was very obviously a condominium building turned into a hotel. I was disappointed. I am warning all of you out there.
My daughter's bear was missing after the second day at this hotel. This bear has been with my children for 14 years. I assumed that the housekeeper accidentally grab it along with the sheets as it is very small. We have tried calling the housekeeping, lost and found and the front manager. Every time we call them, either we do not get a response or nobody seems to know what were talking about even though we have spoken to many people from the hotel. I am very frustrated for the lack of customer service from this hotel.  I will include my e-mail to Tracy on this review, ( her business card was given to us from the front desk, she's supposed to be a manager and I did not even get a response from her. I understand that Trump might not care for yelp reviews, but this hotel is ideal for those that have children. I hope that my review will help those families or anyone and make sure that you check all your belongings or you might not see it ever again.. . ------------------. . Here's my email to a manager at Trump:. . . Hi Tracy, . My name is-------, we stayed at your hotel last weekend ( 10/03/13 to 10/06/13) on room 4419. When we got back to our hotel room on Saturday night, my daughter's bear is not in the room. I called the housekeeping immediately to inform them that the bear was missing and I was told that someone will call me back, around midnight and nobody had called. My husband then decided to go to the front desk and spoke to Magid (I'm not sure if I spelled his name right). He told my husband that process of where the linen goes after the housekeeper clean the room and told him that he will check on it and will personally call us the next day.  True to his word, he did called us and let us know that he contacted the housekeeping and where the linens are being sent and they don't have the bear.. My daughter has been crying and refuse to leave your hotel without her bear she named "Poppy". This bear was originally my eldest who is 14, and she gave it to her sister when she she was born. It is not a souvenir toy, it is a raggedy bear with only one eye. But my daughters loves this bear, and this toy travels with us everywhere we go. My daughter asked me today if the people from the hotel cares to find her bear, and I promised her that you guys are looking for . Poppy. My daughter is extremely sad without her bear.  I am writing you an e-mail not to get any of the staff in trouble, but to please help us find Poppy. . This is not about money or any other type of compensation, we just want our stuffed toy back.. . Thank you so much for taking the time to read my e-mail and I am hoping that you can help us,. . ---------
