Cardboard crust, canned sauce. Nothing special. But if you're starving and only have $2 in your pocket, this will tide you over. Nothing more.
unless its 2 am and im leaving the club and im starving, i wont be coming back. . . pizza is ok at best. they have only a few toppings. peppersoni, olives, sausage i think was one of them. . . im from NY. i know my pizza and this was not good pizza. but if im drunk and i want a slice for $4.00 ill come back here. . . i dont like how they add the toppings after the pizza is cooked. . . . btw this place is hella small and hidden. not worth the journey.. . on the plus side...they have coke zero on tap!
I don't know why everyone says this place is SO SO great? I guess if you like super greasy, sop up 2 napkins pizza, with mediocre toppings and mediocre crust, this is the place!  Upon entering through a cool little 'alley way' you are greeted with a real mess of paper plates, rinds of crust on the floor, full trash can, etc.  They didn't even reheat the slices in the oven before handing it over. I assume most of these reviews are from the long line of intoxicated patrons in their best 'clubbin' gear eating greasy goodness to sober up.  I guess everything does taste better when you're drunk. Maybe this would be a 5 star review if I was s@*t wasted.
Overhyped & overpriced!. . FOOD. The pizza is NY Style thin crust. It was OKAY, not spectular enough to be worth $5 a slice! I've had wayyy better pizza for half the price. IMO costco pizza even tastes better.. . White pizza - Just okay. Really heavy-handed on the ricotta. There was just thick globs of it scattered everywhere.. . Cheese pizza - Average. Kinda greasy. . Mushroom - Average. . Sausage & pepperoni - Probably the better one of them all. It actually had some flavor to it. . . SERVICE. SUCKED! Pretty much you walk up to the counter and the person takes your order. The lady who helped us was rude. Honestly seemed like she HATED her job. Just gave us her frowning face & asked us what we wanted. The pizzas were just laid on the counter in front of her and it didn't even really look all appealing. But since we made it all the way here, we might as well order. She only warmed up two out of our 4 slices. So our food was half warm, half cold. . . AMBIANCE. This place is on the 3rd floor of cosmopolitan near the Blue Ribbon Sushi place. But there are no signs mentioning the pizza place. At first, we couldn't find it and had to ask someone where it was. The lady just said to walk down the long halfway & it'll be there. The place is pretty much just a counter with some side counters and chairs to eat but that's pretty much it. Nothing memorable.. . Definitely won't be back. Come on Cosmopolitan, I would have expected better dining places!
After all of the rave reviews, I was expecting to love this place. Maybe if you are wasted and leaving Marquee at 4am it's good, but otherwise...not so much. It was super greasy...I had about 4 bites and couldn't eat anymore. My husband wasn't impressed either. If this is the best pizza on the Strip, that's pretty sad. I don't think it would be too difficult to make better pizza than this. Sorry, Secret Pizza!
Awful pizza. Comparable to Sbarro's. Save yourself the time, money, and calories and go somewhere good.
I don't care how good yelpers think this pizza is.. As long as they have those dehumanizingly long lines to get food, they are odorus cow-dung to me.. . If I had this business, I'd realize that the demand outstrips the supply, and following basic economics 101, (which obviously the owner did not take in college, if he even WENT to college), would lead me to open a second restaurant, somewhere else, to take care of the overflow.. . Man, I hate stupidity!
So finally came here to try it out for myself. This place is hyped for NOTHING. I guess people don't really know how REAL NYC pizza taste like. SO SAD!! This pizza was horrible. Got a pepperoni slice & regular slice. It was fresh out of the oven. There was only 2 people in front of me and 3 people in back. The pizza was overly salty and there was this one super strong tasting herb that didn't taste so good. The cheese was not oozying, but the pizza was mad oily and it was not crispy but soft. Only the crust was crispy because it was burnt.. . I will go to Enzo at Venetian. Asked many of my friends from NYC and they rather have Enzo pizza too.
This place is nothing special.  For $4.50 for a slice of average cheese pizza, it is very expensive.  I would not bother to go back.
Pizza is ok, no place to sit!  It's really a take out place.  Order ahead if you want a large pizza. Overall, the line is not worth the pizza.
Gross! This place must have 4 stars because people get too drunk to taste. The 'pizza' is a slice of cardboard DRENCHED in grease. Gross! And over priced.
Sometimes being too popular can be a bad thing. . . I get it. There is a constant stream of hungry (and most likely drunk) customers waiting to hand over money for some pizza. . . Still... when a group comes in and asks for a whole pie, it is not cool to ask for double the price or charge them by the slice simply because you think you can get away with it. . . The pizza was fine, but their bad customer service really soured my experience.
I love pizza! And this place is not somewhere I'd like to come back to. First of all, this place should change their $ to $$ because for 3 slices of pizza, 1 soda and 1 beer, it was $30!!! Insane, right? I wouldn't mind paying if the quality was there. But unfortunately, it wasn't. . . I love the concept of it being a secret and the fun is finding it. But once we found it, I was expecting to be rewarded with some great pizza. Pizza was salty and a little brunt. The ingredients felt short in quality and quantity. I hate to say this but I would have been more satisfied and happy having Costco pizza. . . Secret pizza, you need to start serving better pizzas with better ingredients or just stay a secret but this is one secret no one wants to know about. . . Happy eating everyone :)
My friends and I came in and ordered a whole pie... After checking in with them several times over the course of an hour, they figured out they hadn't put in our order... Instead of making a mends, they made us wait longer for a manager to come down and 'authorize' our refund... Truly awful customer service!
Came in at 1pm on a Sunday. If I wanted pre-made, reheated pizza I could have gone to Sabaros and not waited in line. There are too many great places in Vegas...don't waste your time here.
Overrated!  Overpriced!  They reheat their pizza, the guy pulled out a slice of cold pizza from underneath the counter and reheated for us.  Needless to say, it tasted like a day old pizza reheated in the microwave, who knows when it was cooked.... Compared to a Lombardi's white pizza, well there is no comparison.  The Secret Pizza was luke warm (that reheating thing does not work for me), the cheese was really chewy (baked hours ago), and the crust was not really that thin like a true NY pizza.  Overall, this place is way overrated and overpriced.  $6 for a slice of pizza is no deal....... . This place should stay "secret," BTW, unlike many of the other reviews, I was sober when I ate the pizza....
What are are the 5 star reviews for. The pizza was terrible. Very Greasy and expensive. 2 things. 1st they get great ratings due to the fact that the kids review the place on the spot when the are drunk and think its the best pizza. Also I think it maybe was good when it 1st came out but they started to go cheap on things. . Also why do you guys reheat the pizza after ordering it. There was a line out the door. keep the pizza it a hot display case or something so you can serve it faster and not have to toss it in the oven.. downtown pizza is still my favorite.
This place sucks. Slow. If you order a whole pizza, they put you in the back of the queue.
I wish that who ever told me about 'Secret Pizza', kept it a secret!. . 4.50 for a regular slice of greasy limp under cooked tasteless pie and no tables eat it? Skip on this secret for sure!. . 'Secret Pizza' rates with any 'run of the mill' joints on the strip.. Skip the Secret and head to MetroPizza, Grimaldi's, or 'DeFara West' Dom Demarco's when is Vegas!
After searching online for good slice of pizza, we found good reviews for this supposed gem. Not worth our time or effort. I'm always up to try new pizza, especially a thin crust pizza. Sbarros pizza slices have more flavor than this. Couldn't see, much less taste any kind of sauce, and while the crust was good, the cheese was nothing special. Very greasy too. At $4.50 a slice served on paper plates, I expected to be wowed. Not even the help serving were cordial, kind, or even gracious. I've been treated better at Sbarros and paid much less. Do yourself a favor and skip this one. There is barely a place to sit, unless you want to perch yourself on a makeshift shelf and unmatched bar stools.
This must be a serious late night drunk pizza place.   Tried pepperoni , cheese, meat lover, and ricotta garlic between our group and the pizzas are tasteless unless covered it pepper and seasonings after because it has no sauce taste.      In addition, the guys behind the counter must hate their jobs as they acted that way.
Super bad i saw it in yelp it was one of the most reviewed restaurants , so i decide to visit it but i don't know how they gave it more than one star !!! Oily and cold also they just warm the pizza so you don't know when they made it !!
