I have followed Steve Wynn from the Golden Nugget days.  I loved the Encore for the very large rooms that could accommodate my mother's scooter.  Since I was 21, my mother takes me to Las Vegas for every birthday.  I was turning 57 and wanted to stay again at the Encore.  What a mistake!  I have given them 3 weeks to respond to my concerns with some remuneration and nothing is forthcoming.  They did not tell me about the "$20" (really $21.40) resort fee per night added without my approval.  They no longer give chocolates when making the bed, they no longer give little bookmark papers with cute sayings, they have the crappiest toilet paper, they did away with the magnificent flower arrangements when you leave the elevator.They no longer give you slippers or a shoe horn. No bubble bath, no mouthwash-minimum sundries.  They pretend to be "green" and you have to request if you want your linens changed.  They charge $25 extra to be on a high floor. All of the lovely things that made this hotel so special are gone. Save your money, browse the hotel but do not stay there.  The Wynn Buffet is a shadow of its former self, but still good-although the cuts of meat are of a cheaper quality than before.
Beautiful hotel. So well done but the beds are really bad. Last night we were sleeping on two different levels with one side of the bed low in the valley and the other side high on the hill. I changed rooms right now hoping for a better bed but instead the new room actually has a broken bed! What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas?! I'm waiting now for a supervisor to come and take me on a tour of the rooms with new beds. I'll be checking out sooner than planned and never coming back!
This is the worst experience I've had at this hotel...it was Halloween weekend and my bf and I were dressed up in costume (nothing scandalous) and we were completely sober. We were escorted out the side entrance of the Wynn because of my bfs skeleton costume and when we went to the entrance of the Encore the " security guard" wouldn't let us in because my bf had facepaint on. Seriously?! Face paint? I saw girls with nothing but pasties and thongs on and we get tossed for facepaint?! All we wanted to do was get to the club inside for the costume contest, how are you going to have a club in ur hotel have a costume contest and not let the contestants in?? The guy wouldn't even let me in to go to the bathroom. I will NEVER spend a dime at this property. I've stayed at the Wynn twice now and I will never go back there either. Kicking out people that spend good money at your hotels and who are completely sober isn't a very good business decision. Terrible experience.
Two thumps down for Wynn and Encore.. . I received a promotional package from Wynn in June, promising two complementary show tickets for two nights stay, which induced me to make a reservation for thanksgiving. At the time of the booking, Wynn web site listed the two show tickets as part of the deal. However, it did not let me choose the way to get the tickets. I figured that they would give me the tickets when I check in.. . Well, today I just called to book the show time because we will also have a Grand Canyon tour on the same trip. The woman at concierge told me that they blocked the show tickets for thanksgiving in October, and that if I had called earlier, I would have gotten the tickets. She even commented that for complementary things in life, I should have been more proactive in pursuing them. . . I was not happy after learning of this. For God's sake, I made the reservation in June before they gave the notice of the blackout dates. Had I known that thanksgiving holidays was blocked out, I probably would not have booked.. . Granted that the room rate I received was probably still a good deal even without the tickets, but it just left a bad taste in my mouth. It is not about the money any more. I felt being taken in. I guess that it is just that sense of not being fair. They promised something, but failed to deliver. I even recommended some of my friends to go using the promotion code they gave me. It is difficult to find another hotel now that it is so close to thanksgiving, but if there is a deal on Groupon, I will for sure take the advantage of it, and cancel my reservation at Wynn.
Stayed at Encore this past weekend.  Worse Vegas hotel customer service experience.. . I drove from California early in the morning and had to wander around Vegas to wait for check in time, and the last thing I wanted was to stand at the check-in counter and argue with the staff for 10 minutes to prove I booked with a promo code to get my room.. . The room was beautiful and the beds were comfy, but it already put a bad impression in my head. . . Upon check in, customer service was horrible.  I explained to the lady behind the desk that I had booked the room via the website under a room upgrade code, as long as there were room availability.  She refused to honor the code, stating that she did not see anything in my account about the upgrade.  After arguiing with her and pulling up the website for her on my iphone for her to see the deal, she barely glanced at the site and stated that she did not see anything.  She did not apologize nor offer to look into the matter.  She continued to tell me that I would need to pay an additional $50 for the room upgrade.  After about 10 minutes, she finally called room reservations, in which they double checked the website and finally acknowledged the deal and then allowed my room upgrade at no additional charge (which I was entitled to in the first place, upon availabilty).   She was not entirely apologetic for doubting me, which shows lack of customer service skills to me.  Even the room reservation person had to check the website to see what promotion I was referring to.  Isn't that their job to know what deals they have available, especially if I am booking from their website? . . In addition, I had an issue with the concierge.  As I was walking to my room, I spoke to the concierge desk about purchasing XS passes.  I clearly stated that I needed to go back to my room to ask my friends whether we wanted to purchase our club passes through concierge or try our luck and stand in line for XS and pay only $20 for the entry fee.  I asked if it would be okay to order over the room phone if we decided to purchase passes through concierge, and she stated that it was completely fine, and that I would just need to show my ID upon picking up my tickets.  When I got back into my room, we decided to pay the $25 and purchase from concierge.  The concierge was hesitant to reserve my tickets for me - telling me that I had to go back downstairs and reserve in person.  After I explained to her about my previous conversation, she reluctantly reserved my tickets for me. . . I can't understand why the staff is so reluctant to be helpful and everything is a NO or an argument with them.  Instead of being 2 steps ahead of the clients, they are 10 steps backward.
Emailed them about my experience. They tried to offer me a free upgrade next time I booked there. I said no thanks. Had they actually read my email, they would have known that was the deal I originally got from their website. I will never stay at this hotel, deal or no deal.. Poor customer service.
Saturday night, went to their lounge with my cousins, even though we spent hundreds of dollars on drinks and playing crabs, the bartender couldn't get us an extra olives saying " this is not a buffet guys! Drinks are shitty; I tried to talk to the bartender to fix it for us; he said " deal with it, I don't want it back"! Come on, what's an extra olive or fixing your own nasty drink! Talked to the manager, he didn't give a fuck either! I don't even want to give this review one star, but I have no choice. . . There are so many places in Vegas where I can have more fun with half the price and better customer service! I will never go back to Encore.. . Bartender name: Jolieo
This is a good place... we went there for pool party if you think u are VIP in your city in Vegas it all about who you will greace under the table .... my boy order a table for us so they told him min should be 2K .... so in mean time we were thinking yes or no they sold this table to some one esle..... after that they give us a table 1000 dollars in a shack by the rest room ... crazy shit........ will not go there again.....  it was like what happend to our table the guard goes to me we sold it ...... I mean their is no loalty there all about money.........
Let me start off by saying it's a gorgeous hotel. I loved it. The style of the rooms is cool. Very modern & calm colors. The decor is great. Right up my alley. The decorin the restaurants & clubs is amazing as well. My advice just don't stay here & beware of room #3415. This is the worst hotel to stay in, in Vegas. I used to love the Wynn but it's hands down the worst experience & the customer service is a joke. My amazingly beautiful room is for looks only. Well, the bath tub is nice & so are the fixtures. I enjoyed taking a bath in there. There's also a tv so I was able to catch up on sports. Nice touch & that's where the good stuff ends.. . The shower leaked so bad I had a pond in the bathroom. The floors are marble & white so you don't see it walking in. Of course they don't put floor mats in their bathrooms. I fell & injured myself. I'm not going to detail exactly what happened because it's bad but I called downstairs & they asked if I needed medical attention. I figured I wasn't dying so I said no. They didn't offer to send a maid to clean the mess so I had no choice but to do it. Now last time I checked I wasn't hired by the Encore to be a maid. All the towels & robes on the floor didnt soak up all the water. Next door to us there was a maid cleaning the room we asked her to come clean the wet floor when she was done with the room & she never came. Apparently, she didn't think it was her job either. They called a tech to fix it the leaky shower while we were in the room. Inconvience! My bro in law went looking for a maid on our floor & she said she'd come back later which she did. She said she'd check the shower after the tech to make sure it was fixed. All lies! The tech said the seal was broken that's why the water leaked everywhere. But, guess what? After he "fixed" it, it still leaked the next day & I slipped again. . . The hotel never offered to give us another room or comp us. The stay was dreadful. They didn't even seem to care or say sorry. Other then that the room service was awful. They don't follow direction & I got sick off the lobster eggs benedict. I won't even go into how sick. Then when I called to ask for an item it took them 3 1/2 hours to bring it up when they said it would be right up. I called 4 times & at one point they said it would be up in 15 minutes. And, of course it wasn't. 1 1/2 hours later it got there. I called to speak with a manager & they said no one was available opon checkout. No managers at a busy Vegas Hotel? I told the girl to have the manager call me. After days of not hearing anything I decided to blast them on twitter & a few ppl called me then. All I was offered was 1 night free stay. It was a total joke after my experience. So I didn't accept. Moral of the story these hotels are shady & honestly don't care even if you're hurt. Take pics & video of everything in these situations so they can't down play anything.
If you are use to 5 star service then run away now, don't walk. I prepaid on their website but failed to bring the credit card I charged it on and I booked it and paid for it so long ago I forgot how I paid for it. Do you have the card Sir? I do not know. If you do not know then I will need to charge you the full rate again on another charge and you will need to call back later for a refund at a later date. Your policy sucks! Don't curse at me Sir. I did not curse at you I cursed at your policy. Sir you will need to come back at 3pm for check in. Is there an additional amount I can pay to check in at 1:30pm? No Sir I already told you that you would need to come back at 3pm. I got the manager to credit BOTH of my credit cards and I told her I did not want to stay in their hotel. She was nice and asked me if she could help me book at another hotel and I said no I was done. If I can't find a hotel I will head to UT for some relaxing time in Zion National Park. They also had to cancel my tickets to La Reve their show and dinner afterwards at The Lakeside. I will never step in that property again. It did look nice but I would much rather get better service at places likes The Four Seasons or The Ritz Carlton, Bellagio ect.. I left their hotel and tried a few places which were all sold out and so I decided to take my wife to Zion National Park where we relaxed in comfort.
Truly amazed at all the positive reviews, the customer service here is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE. . . I asked the concierge desk a question and he informed me that their services were for guests only. I told him that I was indeed a guest at which point he asked me for my room number and photo ID. When he confirmed that I was a guest he absolutely couldn't hide his shock and amazement that a lower class citizen such as myself was a guest of their hotel. . . I'm not sure what about my appearance made him assume I couldnot afford to stay there. I seem to dress up to par with social standards-clothing from reputable stores and brands and not riddled with holes or stains. I am a working professional, I assume I make a good amount more than him since HE IS A CONCIERGE AT A HOTEL, HE DOESN'T OWN IT! It wasn't this single concierge either, the female concierge next to him with curly hair was glaring at me and rolling her eyes  for the entire conversation. For some reason that bothered me more than the conceirge that was making a point to insult me. . . Besides poor customer service my room had a strange smell, my floor smelled like marijuana, and the walls were paper thin. We tried to eat at the resturaunt Allegro but our waitress took 30 mins just to come back with our drinks and take our order so we left. Because we had such a bad experience we spent most of our time away from the hotel to avoid the snotty attitudes. . . I filled out the questionaire and have not received a response. I'm considering emailing them but I'm assuming it is useless. I wasted a lot of money on this place, all I can do is warn fellow Yelpers not to do the same.
Usually love to stay here but not this time.  I reserved two rooms, one for myself and the other for my brother.  When I checked in, I added his name and told the receptionist that he will be paying for his own room.  My card got billed for his room even as we were going up the elevator.   I called Front Desk to dispute, talked to the manager, Lemual and he had the audacity to say, " I will TRY to get this resolved".  Huh?  They already have my brother's card and they billed my card so I would term this as double billing and he will "TRY" to get it resolved?  Then he had the audacity to tell my husband that this is not a reflection of the hotel!! ??  Every employee of the hotel is a reflection of the hotel when they are working in the hotel.  I used to love the Encore but this really has left a bad taste in my mouth.  The error did get resolved, but not by Lemual, the manager, but by a very nice professional young lady at the front desk, Liz.  Don't know how Lemual got to be manager but he desperately needs customer service retraining.  His attitude gives Encore a bad name.
I'm actually staying here right now and super upset, it's about 1:00am and for the past hour, have been hearing bumping bass music on the 18th floor from the night club below. I tried complaining to the managers who said they would do something about this but the music was still too loud. undoubtedly, not what you'd expect from a hotel of this reputation and especially with the amount of money i'm paying. they should notify the guests or have made better sound proofed glass windows or get the club DJs to turn the bass down. it is not acceptable and the management did not seem to know how to appease the guest either. do not recommend this stay and definitely won't be coming back here! so upset!
I would not recommend this place,  it has a premium price for a motel 8 service,  the room is nice but  the restaurant at the lobby is over price and you will get sick, you better off eating and staying somewhere else
I was very disappointed by their service and sanitary. Not appropriate to a luxury hotel. The room was smoked and smelling like dirty feet. Which is definitely a big deal for a nonsmoking person. So were smelling the linens too. I was tired but couldn't sleep cause of the nasty smell they had. The floors and carpets were not clean. Plus our room didn't have slippers. And whenever I needed customer support all their workers were busy I had to hold on very long and waste my time till I was getting to speak to someone. And I bet they were angry and rood cause of the big number of complaints they get. But that's not nice it's not my problem that they can't handle their business. Right? So, long story short I am not going back again. There are many other good hotels in Vegas that will give me better experience then this.
Well, I guess a company that ONLY makes money on gambling shouldn't be trusted that much anyway, but now its been proven.  Recently stayed here for a convention.  I forgot a verizon mifi in the room, and called the next day to report it.  I was assured they would find it and get back to me.  Two days later with no return call I contact them again and I'm given the same assurance.  Once again, no return call.  I then find out that the item was indeed found, and has been used since my first call in.. . This experience had to have involved at least 5 different Wynn employees, all of which are either crooked or dropped the ball.  This was my first time at anything Wynn, and it will be my last.  The resort is nice, but there are places just as nice elsewhere on the strip that are less likely to steal from you.
Customer service is horrible. i have had the biggest headache for 3 days now. The front desk, the front desk manager,and the accounting people. I was charged 150.00 without notice, while checking into the room, for checking into the room. When I walked into my room, the mini bar was locked, and I never had it opened or unlocked. not once. not once did anything get removed from the mini bar, NOR did the door to the mini bar get unlocked for the door to even be possible to be opened!  I was charged 233.45 for using the mini bar though.  Im not sure how they can charge me for somethign that was impossible to use. No Joke... it was not even opened. I even asked that the snacks, on the sensor, be removed, the minute I walked into the room, JUST TO MAKE SURE, that nobody would accidentally knock something off the sensor for too long and me be charged for it.. . After speaking with front desk, and front desk manager.. they could only say that I signed an authorization allowing them to take my money.  . . What i dont understand, is how they can take my money and say i used the mini bar, and the mini bar charge is $233.45 but not have any proof of when i used the mini bar... just that i did use the mini bar... or that it is a mini bar authorization. SO CONFUSING!! these people.. . Then I spoke with accounting, who I was told could send me an email of the proof they had to charge me.. . After speaking with one person whos first language was not english, and her english was horrible, i asked to speak with another.. . That person was able to send me an email... the email contained INNACCURATE INFO...soo fkn funny. these peoples proof is wrong. i dont understand how a 5 star resort can operate like this, the email i got showed 150.00 charge, which was the authorization... and then it showed 383.45. which is 150.00 bucks more then what was taken out of my account.  which is obviously the mistake of someone adding the 2 charges together, and keeping the 150.00 charge still on, as if the 150.00 and the 233.45 was not added together. i mean this is just horrible accounting.  . . They do not have any reason, or proof, that the mini bar door was opened, nor was any alchohal or anythign removed from the mini bar... HECK, i havnt even seen inside the mini bar.  . . long story short. STAY AWAY FROM THIS PLACE UNLESS YOU WANT TO GET CHARGES FOR STUFF YOU DID NOT USE!!! My debit card is still missing a total of 383.45. nobody, who i speak with, understand that i have not got my money back. and they keep saying they dont know what to do. its fkn horrible!!!
We stayed in Encore for two night.. Definitely, it' the worst one we ever stayed!. We found two blood spots on the sheet when we got up because of the loud noise at midnight. It's not our, so disgusting!!!. We called them, after waiting for more then 1 hour, a manger came, it's 1 am! He said he will asked the person in charge of this to contact us. But the next day no one contacted us, we call them again. After a long time  waiting, a officer came. Asked us to write down the complaint. We provide everything he asked and he said the complaint manger would call us soon.. After a whole day waiting, no one called us. We call the complaint office before we checked out. The complaint manger didn't admit it and hinted the blood spots were caused by us. This made us very angry, but we have no time to argue with them, we need to drive for 10 hours back.. How bad experience we met in Encore!!! The worst hotel and worst service we ever met,we will never choose Encore and Wynn!. In addition, it's noisy in the rooms in one side of the hotel! Hope it will be helpful when you plan to LV.
I am a frequent business traveller 7 to 10 days a month, including 3 to 5 in Vegas every month.   I went here on a weekend getaway.  The Encore had been trying to get me to come for the last two years.  The deal was awesome.  Two nights on a weekend, two free buffets, and two tickets to La Reve.  Here is the issue.  The hotel charges you for everything and asks you to make sure it comes off your bill during checkout. They charge for free tickets, they charge for Internet access even though they force a resort fee on you so it should be included.  They even charge a daily additional fee to your credit card of 150 per day which one week later has not been credited back to my card.  When I made my reservation I was given a complimentary upgrade as were my friends who came with me using my same deal.  However I was told I didn't have that upgrade and  my friends did and while they would like tomhelp they were full. The front desk staff has no authority but the front desk manager refused to interact.  Then when I insisted he told me he listened to my reservation request and I was not guaranteed anything.  During my interactions I saw two other people who had to fight for simple reversals of charges on their bill.  BEWARE OF ANYTHING YOU CHARGE.  THE ENCORE TREATS YOU AS IF YOU ARE STEALING AND PUT THE BURDEN ON YOU TO PROVE OTHERWISE.  The apathy  and indifference they have for people at the front desk  is the worst I have ever experienced and it seem as if it is a normal occurrence.  There are a lot of all suites hotels to choose from  in Las Vegas even some without resort charges still. Find another one unless you are staying for free and that might not be a bargain.
This place has gone downhill with its level of service. Rooms and location are great, the Wynn / Encore is obviously a great property with great restaurants and venues, but this place is consistently understaffed. Wait 30 minutes in line to check in at the hotel. Wait another 20 minutes in line at the concierge to get your boarding pass (hotel kiosks were not working), wait 15 minutes at taxi line because there is only 1 guy working the taxi stand (plenty of cabs, guy just only loaded up one cab at a time AND gave me lip when I asked him why he wasn't moving up 2 cabs at a time for loading). . . In short, you'll have a good night but have a good shot of going postal by the time you leave.
I was extremely disappointed by my stay at Encore... It's a beautiful hotel, beautiful suite, spa, pool & amenities... . . On a busy day, expect to wait about 20-30 minutes to check in and don't expect an apology or a bottled water for waiting... Paula (the gal who checked us in) was in a bad mood?? She wasn't at all inviting, warm or welcoming towards us. Not once did she ask us how we were, how our day was or even smile at us... My husband and I thought it was a little weird - but whatever..... . We got to our room on the 35th floor... I immediately went to the restroom to wash my hands from our travels and I noticed the previous guest's false eyelashes on the counter (see photo).... I called down and asked them to send someone up to clean it which we stepped out for dinner... When we got back from dinner, we noticed housekeeping did stop by b/c the hand towels i used were gone and stocked with fresh new ones, BUT she neglected to remove the false eyelashes... That can be forgiven.... . I took a shower to end my night and I found myself standing in a puddle of water that covered my foot b/c of the slow drain..(see photo) the water in fact overflowed onto the bathroom floor drenching the towel floor mat... I called down to have them fix this... again, this too can be forgiven.... . Around 11pm, we heard our neighbors blasting their music very clearly.. they were playing robin thicks, "blurred lines". i called down and had security ask them to lower the volume - in which case, they did... again, forgivable - and not really the hotel's fault except for the fact that they have paper thin walls.. . We got into bed to go to sleep and after tossing and turning for about an hour trying to figure outthe repeating suction/thump noise, i finally came to the conclusion that it was the elevator. Around 1 in the morning, i called down and asked to switch rooms b/c both my husband and i couldn't sleep b/c of the ongoing repeating elevator sounds... they couldn't switch us b/c "nothing was available" and i was advised to call in the morning.... Around 2 or 3 am, i was so frustrated, i called front desk again and asked them to send up ear plugs and a noise canceling machine - they sent a fan and orange ear plugs that broke in half the minute i put them into my ears. Through exhaustion we were finally able to fall asleep around 4 in the morning... . . Next day... I was offered 2 different rooms on another floor... Now, before I check into hotels i do my homework and the number one complaint i read about encore is the noise.. I read tips on how I should ask for a room furthest from the clubs and to NOT get a room with a neighbor connecting door... and now my third request was to be far from the elevator... I communicated these 3 requests to Encore and they offered me a room with a connecting door... or another room near the elevator.......................... At this point I was frustrated b/c the 3 front desk manager I spoke with (Miguel and Choona - Jason didn't even bother returning my phone call) didn't have any empathy for my situation - oh did I mention that I'm 6 and a half months pregnant? I was told by Choona that it was guaranteed that I wouldn't hear any noise on the new room with the connecting door b/c they sent someone up to double check (which i really appreciate by the way). So b/c of his guarantee, we packed our things and moved to the 38th floor... They were right, it was quiet... until 5 in the morning came around and the neighbors came back to their room and decided to continue their partying... I called front desk to complain and security handled it... my husband and I both irritated by the fact that we didn't get a good nights rest on either nights decided to just get up and check out.. . Checking out.... I immediately asked the very nice front desk girl for the manager... Enter front desk manager Michael - who was also less than friendly.. my husband and I could both tell from the start he was not at all concerned or even cared about our issues... After I explained what we had gone through the last 2 days, he nonchalantly offered us 1 night comp to pretty much shut us up... When i asked for a full refund he snapped and said, "i'm not going to do that." ok, this is where I got pissed b/c in the hospitality industry the one thing you do NOT say to a customer is, "i'm not going to do that (for you)" - there are other nicer ways to say the same thing. He explained that encore allowing us to switch rooms was doing us a favor and that it's out of the hotel's hand whether or not the neighbors are quiet... Basically, he was telling us that it's not the hotel's fault that they have paper thin walls and we couldn't get any sleep... His bottom line to us was, "take it or leave it and shut up" Again, he was super unfriendly or sympathetic - just plain cold....his apologies were mere empty words without any sincerity.
I would encourage you to read Miriam G. review as well.  Our experience was very similar.. . 1. Miguel the front desk manager has no customer service sense.. 2. This hotel is loud.  Yesterday we were awake 4:30am.  The night before till 3am.  The duty manager had nothing to offer but apology.  She said that we were supposed to be informed of this but we were not.. . When you goto a hotel with $450/night rate, you expect decent service and friendly staff.   Housekeeping, pool side service, front desk, have more to be desired.  I saw the pool staff being particularly rude to Asians.. . I will not stay here again.  I can get this type of service for $75/night.
I stayed  over the weekend and ended up leaving a bag in the room. Called lost and found as soon as i got back home. They sent someone up to the room to look and they called back and said they found it. Needless to say i was extremely happy to hear the news! I get a call back a couple hours later and the lost and found tells me that they have LOST MY BAG! Somewhere between the housekeeper finding my bag and it making it down to lost and found it was lost! Im sure the cash i had in a envelope and expensive camera i had in there had something to do with it not making it down ... I received a call saying that they made a mistake and never found my bag in the first place - im sure to avoid paying a claim!!! All they offered me was a complementary gift if i ever came back which was a slap in the face! I would be weary of going to this hotel because of their security issues! Oh and they had the room number to go and check, so how do you go to a particular room, find the missing bag and then say that they made a mistake??? That doesn't make sense!
The house cleaning stole my travel collapsible leather jewelry tray.  Encore doesn't care and just said "sorry".  There's no compensation for the lost.  In other words, employees at Wynn or encore can steal whatever they want from your room!  Shocking!. I have been staying here since last Friday .  After 5 days, they have not re - loaded the shampoo or the conditioner!!. Beds were not made today.. Awful hotel.  Do not stay at this hotel!
After staying at the Encore for our 35th wedding anniversary I was shocked how this 5 star hotel treated us. I unfortunately left behind needed medication in my bedside table and called on my way to the airport in Las Vegas. No help. I then called 5 additional times and was shocked to be told they are not there. I then got angry and guess what happened, they somehow found them. Now I need to fill out Lost and Found form on line and pay $15.00 to have these medications returned, I do not mind paying the $15.00 but after spending in excess of one hour trying to fill out an electronic form that will not send electronically, I decided to just give up.  i have never reviewed a business on yelp and always thought poorly of those that did but I find I am at my whits-end.  I called again today to ask if I could email the information and again, they didn't know. All for medication. Steve Wynn, do you know this is how your staff treats your guests? I have stayed at the Encore many times but this hotel has dropped to the bottom of my list. Please, don't ever leave anything in your Encore Hotel room, you will never see it again.. Encore Staff, get it together. . Dave Carney. Palos Verdes California
First (and main) day at Vegas at "Encore at Wynn": completely ruined by the Encore staff ! . . After checking in, we went down and asked the consiglieri to change the comforters, pillows etc as I am allergic to down. The consigliere assured us it would be taken care of. Then we went for a sensual show (Zumanity) and at midnight we where back. But instead of having the perfect night, we spent it with allergic reactions, anger, frustration and waiting for staff to fix the bed! I will update this review as the rest of the stay passes by. I am hoping they will make this up somehow, but to be honest  I don't know how they could.
(Review of casino only. Didn't stay at hotel.). . Our experience on the Casino floor was bad enough I made the decision to never stay at a Wynn property.  . . Some of our party had never been to Vegas or gambled before, so we paused near the edge of the casino floor to point out different tables and make suggestions about what to try. We had paused less than 30 seconds when an employee approached our group and began shouting, "Who are you waiting for? Who are you waiting for?". . Before we could answer or try to understand what he was shouting about, he began waving a flashlight around, saying "You can't be here, move along" repeatedly.  He then followed us, shooing us with his flashlight.. . You're reading this review and if you don't know me, you're probably thinking, "Ok, what are you leaving out? Like, you guys were ridiculously drunk, or waving fireworks around, or something right?". . Hand to God, swear, we were nice people, dressed decently, and abiding by the laws of civil society. ... Which may have been the problem. The only explanation I have for the employee's behavior is that we weren't scantily clad hoochies and they didn't want normals uglying up the view. . . Our group left promptly and spent the night dropping money at a non-Wynn casino.
I hated this hotel! Employees are so snotty!! And guess what you need to be dressed up to dine in the breakfast area. .... for real?!?! Not coming back here.
I paid the full amount for 2 nights stayed on the 8th with the special promotion letter a month in advance.. . The hotel is clean but very noisy at night, I stayed on the 26 floor but I can not sleep due tomusic so loud playing pass 2am on week night.. . Today I rec'd additional charge on my credit card of $56 for resort fee.  I called Wynn and they told me that they are 5 stars hotel and they charge resort fee daily and blaming on the rep for their mistake for not telling me ahead of time.  The day of the checkout, the front desks staff at suites check out could not check the room out because their printer is broken.  . What kind of 5  stars is this.  I was forced to check out from my room TV.  The check out on TV showing my balance is 0 and now I rec'd additional Billing for $56??. Mr Wynn need to refund me the money..don't call yourself a 5 stars hotel if you charging additional fee without your client knowing about it.... . What a shame!!!
I go to vegas a few times a year but I didn't like the customer service here - seems like they think they were doing me a favor but letting me stay here. Didn't feel welcome - felt more like a customer than a guest. If you've worked in the service industry before you will understand what I mean.
