Am I required to put a star?  Ugh. Fine - one.  ONE star for the fact that my friends and I had a GREAT time....UNTIL....dun dun duuuun.  I could make this long and detailed, but for the sake of people actually reading, I'll try to do a quick version.. . I had to take a few months to gather my thoughts in order to not be too cruel.  I wanted to yelp the moment I came back from this place, but I felt it'd be most "fair" if I wasn't as steamed.. . So where to begin - oh yes.  Over priced boots.  We asked from the beginning what the cost of a boot was.  $20 is what we kept getting from "A" our waitress (I'll save her name - she was sort of nice). We signed this slip of paper that said boot was not replaceable if broken and beer was extra. Fine. So we asked how much the beer was. Again, kept hearing $20. I said, "I'll just have the mini boot." "Just get the regular one...it'll be the same price.". Maybe it's my fault for assuming she was taling about the beer, but I guess she was talking about the boot. Some birthday paddle shots, dancing on the bench, and a few hours later...the bill comes. Boots cost us about 75 each!!!!!! Are you kidding? I mean we knew we had to pay for the boot and beer but calc'd it to about $40...not nearly double. So whatever we had a good time, were a bit peeved, but paid the bill. However, we just wanted to know why it cost so much and felt appropriate to ask...so we asked. That led to pointing fingers..we said we understood and wanted to just let them know for future customers' sakes. It boiled down to the confrontation of the manager and owner. Poor management...no solution rather kept adding to the problem. They evenb through the waitress under the bus and blamed her for our unhappiness. Well now they just added on to it. The best part was when they wouldn't let us leave with beer in our boot. Damn, I paid 75 I better be a ble to take it out! Plus we were in Vegas!!!! By the hardrock!!! Not like we were in the boonie outskirts. After so much fighting with the management, we stormed out to the words, "we're gonna call the cops!". . I said, "Go ahead!". . Ironically we saw some cops outside and they never stopped us for our alcohol. In fact, thet were fascinated by the beer and asked where we got it. I said, "down the street but don't go there. The management is awful!". . Sigh. I still get heated. I think my comic relief was their attempt at making it better by giving us a round of Jaegar. No thanks. Second comedy act was the sweet fobbish Filipina lady who asked if I'd pay her bills if she got fired because I would walk out with alcohol. Hahahaha...poor lady.
Food FAIL.. Bartender FAIL.. Entertainment - eh.. . The only reason I came here was because our friend coordinated our group of 25 and this venue accommodates larger parties because of their bench style seating. However, the food is mediocre and overpriced, the service was just okay, and the sound system was poorly monitored and difficult to hear what the emcee was saying during their random contests. . . First I arrived early hoping to catch a hockey game at the bar. I called ahead and a host said there were two screens and it looked like one was showing hockey. Joe the bartender was thoroughly inattentive, slow at pouring (hampered by bottle regulators), and indifferent to my needs. He never said hello when I sat down, never offered a menu or drink list. They only have 3 types of beers, and you can only get certain beers in certain sizes. After 10-15 minutes of waiting, Joe tried searching for the game but it was very clear that he had little experience with a remote control or his bar's service.  Plus having only one bartender at 7pm on a Saturday night didn't help him either. They use Dish service and couldn't find the game. Bar FAIL.. . They sat us in the main hall near the band and the band was okay. But why had a drum set on stage if you're not going to have a drummer? Band FAIL. I could barely understand the emcee when he spoke because of either the acoustics of the room or the mic or where we were seated but it just made for a noisy atmosphere.. . They've got a gal that walks around selling shots of Jager and paddle whacks on the ass. Having never been in a fraternity, I can't see how either of those can be pleasurable in any way. Plus, this lady was pissed about something someone said or did because she was putting out a really angry vibe to a couple of other guests not at our party. . . I don't eat pork so my menu selections were limited. I went for the chicken with mushrooms. Good mushroom sauce, but the chicken was horribly overcooked and tough. Then it was topped with French's onions and came with their German pasta side dish. This was NOT worth $19. Food FAIL.. . Not recommended for visitors. There's plenty better food & dining in Vegas.
Just awful customer service, really disappointing.. . I made a reservation here a month before our visit - we were 20 strong, a soccer team in town for a tournament.  I was the first to arrive, and the hostess said to let her know when we had 10 there, and she'd seat us.  When 10 arrived, I let her know.  They started to lead us to our seats, in the Main Hall as we'd requested.. . Then, confusion strikes.  She leads us to a table with people already sitting at it, one of our group says "uh...we don't know them..." and she laughs, then realizes he wasn't joking, and says "really?  no way!"  They claimed that this other group came in and said they were us, so they gave them our table.. . However, I suspect the true story is that they screwed up and gave another party our table, under no fault of the people sitting at the other table.  My proof?  While we were waiting for our 10 to arrive, I heard them call "Leslie, party of 6."  We were Leslie, party of 20.  So, the Leslie party of 6 was seated, then they realized they screwed up and tried to blame them for wrongly taking our seats.  Not cool.. . The manager was involved in all of this, and he is the sole person to blame for the mistake, and the failure to fix the mistake.. . They sent us back to the lobby and made us wait until a table for 20 was open.  By the time we were seated, it was 45 minutes past our reservation time.  We had just played 3 soccer games before going to dinner, and were all more than starving, and grumpy.  It truly sucked.. . He tried telling us that we could just sit in the beer garden if we wanted - anyone who has been here knows that would be lame.  There is no entertainment, and it is not fun like the main hall is.  We came there to party, not have a conversation.. . What they should have done:  Admitted it was their mistake, not blame some other customers.  Given us free mini-beers while we waited, or at least offered us water or SOMETHING.  Apologized.. . The manager here sucks, I won't be back.  Oh, and our server sucked and was rude to some of the people in our group, but we still had to pay the 18% tip they tacked on.  I hate that rule with a passion you would not believe.
If you like this sort of thing go for it but anyone with kids who know the difference between kosher hotdogs and crap should avoid the children's menu hot dog! SO disappointed at the lack of quality! Two bites and it went right into the trash. But the onion soup was edible.
We had a 40th birthday here on Oct 29.  It seemed ok until the no brainer waiters and waitresses cleaned up out memory card away from the table!! All the pictures that we had for that special day were gone in a second. No ones seemed understand how important that event were. The waitresses ignored to response when we asked to find the memory card. We had worst experience birthday party there. We should have gone to some other places that show professionally! 20 of us were so disappointed!! It turned out really BAD! The food were salty and poorly!! Not worth any penny.  We WILL NOT recommend this place to anyone in our network to go there  again! This place WILL NOT goes far....
If you like noise, this is the place. Couldn't even talk to table mates when music was not playing. Reminded me of the noise level of a championship game in a domed stadium after a team has scored. The waitress got two orders wrong since it was so loud.. But if you go for the food, it was very mediocre and while not expensive, was overpriced for what they delivered. They do have good beer.
This establishment doesn't even deserve 1 star. The food was mediocre & the staff unattentive. The staff seemed as if they didn't want to be there. This place is a huge tourist trap. If you want German food, you are better off trying Cafe Heidelberg.
My husband and I travel to Germany quite a bit forholidays so we are quite picky when it comes to German food. I love sauerkraut and this is NOT even close to a good one! I don't know why this place got such high reviews. For just a drink and entertainment is worth 4 stars but the food is bland and that's why we came here was to eat German food so my 1 star is about the food.
the only reason i gave them one star is because negative stars were not an option. we walked into a very empty restaurant on a sunday @ lunch time. we were finally greeted by a frumpy hostess after she finished her conversation with a co worker. we opted to sit at the bar, which was so much worse on a customer service level. this woman was down right scary looking and just plane nasty attitude. she informed me there were only 2 kinds of beer to chose from. SERIOUSLY ONLY TWO KINDS OF BEER IN A BEER HOUSE? WTH???  then i asked the bartender about the food, an she wanted to make it an arguement. i can see why her bar was totally empty and so was the restaurant. this place is a very poor excuse of a german restaurant,, and a really bad impression of the guest service! save your money and your eyes!
Went here based on great reviews and had a great time at the real one in Germany!  This was a gian disappointment.  The purpose of the visit was to watch the live music and sit at one of the long shared tables just like Germany.  We were told reservation needed for that part (empty seats all over when we walked in) so we were away from the music.   Beer and food WAY overpriced!  8.00 for a 10 ounce beer??  Can't even cough up the extra 2 ounces and fill the glass to the top?   I chose not to eat out of aggrevation but my bf did.  He got some ugly white sausage that came in boiling water and smelled gross with a soft pretzel that appeared to be a rock like texture.   Spare yourself this place. Too many other great places to go in Vegas!  Hit the real one in Munich if you want a great time!  The only good part about this place was the waitress.  She was really nice.
Ok, maybe over excited about this place... so my expectations were pretty high, since this is the ONLY "German" place that boast to be like Oktoberfest, but was almost the opposite.. . Like Brittany B. said, "I was expecting such an experience.... I [also] will never return". . I feel like I HAVE TO go into the whole meal for you to get why this is a 1 star..... so heeeeere-we-go!. . We came in 7 people deep looking to get a free beer each (We had coupons from online) so we were prepping for some drunkin debauchery and were excited to get a few liters of beer each... well after we were seated in the hall and ordered our free beer we were serenaded by a pretty good umpapa band so we were feeling pretty good. When our beers came they were little 8 oz beers... I think a can of hofbrau was bigger than this beer; and I know that head is expected but it was half the glass.... ok it's free, what do you expect? Then when we tried it it was flat, like disgustingly flat. So we told the waitress who was surprised and told us that they hadn't had any complaints all day. They then brought over the manager Scott who proceeded to tell us that he's been drinking it all day and it's fine, and that the owner was drinking to and "he's from Germany", so our german friend who was with us asked if she could talk to him... Scott then told us that "He's not here".... after he left another waitress came over and asked which beers are flat, I pointed to the one in front of me... she picked it up, looked at it, then proceeded to take a swig of it... I told our waitress to pore it out. I later ordered a liter of my own... unbeknownst to me it cost $15... at least $3 more than at Oktoberfest and $7 more than Brats Brothers where I go to in LA.. . After that we got our food which was pretty good, but was not as flavourful as I think it is when there's a high turnover rate, cause it was kinda slow so I imagine the less popular items had been sitting for a while, because it didn't taste fresh. . . Pluses are we had a friendly waitress Kathy, the Umpapa band was a good trio, but I was upset because they couldn't (note not wouldn't) play it because it was not on their play list, even though they knew it and I was willing to play it. I mean c'mon it was the song to play Oktoberfest 2011, just the Fliegan Song! They also stopped playing at 10:45pm, when the place closed at 11 and the staff were just staring at us the last 15 minutes as to eyeball us as to say (get the F* out we want to go home).... While I remember staying till the waiters were drinking with us after Oktoberfest... . . Over all felt really unwanted. Expensive. And not like Oktoberfest. . . I'm sure that during Oktoberfest this place is hoping, but what do you do for the other 340 days of the year? Give poor service and expect us to tip 20%? . . I won't be visiting again, nor will I be telling anyone to go OR tell anyone it's "Just like Oktoberfest"....
BEWARE DAS BOOT (and the manager). . So HBH sells beers in boots. Pretty awesome and I wanted one. Friends and I ordered them and 5 minutes later we get slips of paper saying "we acknowledge beer is sold separately." Looked at the menu, and sure enough the dumb plastic boots are 20 bucks.. . Definitely did not see that on the menu, nor was I interested in squeezing a plastic boot in my carry on. I told the waiter we did not want the boot, we had made the mistake, we were very sorry, but we wanted our beer poured into glass steins that we did not have to buy.. . FIRST, I fully acknowledge the mistake was mine. What I don't agree with OR appreciate was what the manager did afterwards. . . He came over, and anticipating an apology for the confusion, instead got a guilt trip from the fact that they can't reuse the 2 boots he had poured and had to "eat the cost." THEY'RE MADE IN CHINA! How much can they cost? 5 cents each? He even awkwardly paused like I was going to jump in and offer to pay for them.. . Haven't been a restaurant manager before, but I don't think "make the customer feel guilty in hopes they pay for wasted product" is part of the restaurant manual.
I used to enjoy this place.  Unfortunately the cute waitresses and ambiance has gone by the wayside.  The DJ on my Saturday Night(I'm still sitting at the table) hosted 2 ridiculous contests which were preceded by 30 minute idiotic monologues...The band barely played, and the spankings were the only highlight.  The guy on the mic should go back to OG's to call Destiny to the stage...
Very interesting place! Nothing on the menu was enticing but then I am not that big at eating german food! Looked very authentic and the beer was "so so"! Wait staff lacked customer service quality! I ended up ordering just fries and a 1/2 liter beer! Fries were way to greasy and topped with some chive like substance. Not a place I would return to!
I can't believe this place got good reviews. I was served a cold, stale pretzel. The bartender had his back to the bar almost the entire time I was there(over an hour). I didn't even bother getting an entree like I planned. I managed only 1 beer and a stale pretzel for the 1.5 hours I was there because the bartender was non-existent. Pathetic.
Ridiculously overpriced and the damn band plays country music. (aside from the obligatory Ein Prosit every half hour).. . They'll put their matterhorn on your table and get pissed off if you don't put money on it.. . So pushy, fake, and overpriced. Basically a microcosm of Vegas.
Many tasty looking things on the menu. Unfortunately items are seemingly randomly paired with "fixed" sides and substitutions are not allowed. For instance, if you don't like potato salad you will be expected to have the potato salad "held" from your plate and pay $4.99 for a different side. All sides are listed as $4.99, including the one you just had "held" from your plate, so why refuse to be accommodating to a customer who is already paying $19.99 for a lunch entree? This is especially difficult at a place where most of the sides are like it or leave it options like red cabbage and sauerkraut. I couldn't find two options that looked appetizing so I watched the rest of my party eat and sipped my water. My husband ordered the 306 and was underwhelmed. We ended up spending $7 for my daughter to eat a dry pretzel after they tacked on a $4 upcharge for cheese she couldn't stand. Their Radler is mixed with Sierra Mist, which is close to heresy. All of this from a girl who was born in Germany and loved the food. This place is a tourist trap with good beer.
Honestly, I don't understand why anyone would want to hang out at a place that is SO LOUD. It's completely impossible to have a conversation without screaming into the ears of your neighbors - not my idea of a fun time.. . My boyfriend and I wanted to try the one vegan dish on their menu: two vegan frankfurters withcurry sauce and french fries. It was taking a long time to get our food, so I asked the waitress if the rye bread or pretzels were vegan, and clarified that vegan means no cheese, no butter, no milk, no eggs. She said she would check, but kept forgetting. Finally, by the time our meal came out an hour later, she said she had remembered to ask the cooks, and both the bread and pretzels either have butter in them or on them. At that point I didn't care to investigate further.. . The frankfurters and curry sauce were very good, but the french fires appeared to be plain old frozen fries - very bland. For $14.95 I was not impressed.
I have been here three times now and here are my overall views.. . I don't care what the acoustics in the building are, you can get sound that can be heard!. . The band sounds good, but whenever a person speaks into the microphone it sounds so muffled and garbled its impossible to understand. If they correct that, the atmosphere will be even more party-like and would get much greater participation from customers. As it is, only a couple of tables nearest the stage can understand because they are closest to the stage monitors which are clear and crisp.. . It would be nice if everyone, especially those who answer the phone, and the hostesses are informed of what is going on.. . I planned to compete in their "Octoberfest" competition and even brought seven friends to cheer me on. We had dinner and drinks, but when it came time for the contest, management said they didn't know why it had happened at an earlier time than scheduled.. . I had called and checked first for the times, checked their website, and even looked in the newspaper that they put on my table! All three sources had confirmed they have two contests per night on Fridays and Saturdays.. . My friends and I left very disappointed, more from management's total lack of customer service than anything else. They did nothing to even attempt to make it right, they just made excuses and blamed others.. . I guess they just feel that they are successful so they don't need to even try.
Awful!! They would do better to just serve beer and nothing else. Overpriced and tasteless food. If you have to watch your diet for health reasons forget it, there is nothing here for you, on the other hand if you want to speed up your heart attack this is the place go.. If you go there thinking you will just have a beer and enjoy a nice ambiance than think again, the seating and whole building design is akin to a school cafeteria, to make your unhealthy, expensive, experience just that little bit more uncomfortable.
I've been living in Vegas for a while and have been told to come here a couple times. I was invited to a birthday party here on a Saturday night and did not enjoy myself. We arrived and had a drink at the bar. Finally we went into the main room. There is a band in a very echoey room playing horrible versions American music. It is packed. Every table is full of drunk people. Every table was super packed... They seriously pack the people in here. I'm pretty sure they would fail if the fire Marshall came in. I couldn't get thru most of the 'walkways'. They just put a table in the middle of the walkway if the table wants to fit more people. . . So we finally order and our food isn't very good. I guess this place is all about the beer and loudness. Basically you squeeze into the booth and are touching everyone around you while screaming to have a conversation or order. You are listening to HORRIBLE music. Then you eat food that is not good and pay too much for it all! . . I will not be back!
Came here for a birthday party. The atmosphere was cool but the food and beer prices are crazy high. Not only are the food prices high, but the food itself isn't very good. The portion sizes are crazy small for what you pay for. They have a house band at night that plays old American tunes and they are horrible. If you're looking for good German beer and food, then look elsewhere. The only thing going on here is the raping of your wallet for sub par food.
I have been in Vegas a while now, and everyone says try this place. I tried it once for my graduation from UNLV because someone else set up the dinner for me and even then it was not as good, just like my recent experience. . . I have sat in the front hall and in the back and both have poor service. The guy yolding, singing, dancing, and so forth, was semi entertaining, but not enough to make me like the place. I am German, I love beer, but this place did not satisfy my taste buds, beer and food wise. I tried everyone dish too, because I hated mine (chicken sausage) and I did not like any of them. . . Not a fan at all.
