XS may be one of the best nightclub in vegas! but it has the worst service ever. i hate XS with a passion. its too crowded! and the lines are LONG! even with table services u would still have to wait in that loooonnnnggg line! will never come back even if u gave me money
I don't give a shit how nice your decor is inside the club. No nightclub is worth the absolute horrendous treatment of its guests by such asshole bouncers. Believe me when I say that Encore and Wynn employ the worst bouncers and nightclub employees in all of Las Vegas. It's almost like it's required to be a dick for no reason to work here. I've had similar experiences at Tryst at the Wynn but def not as bad as XS at Encore.. . Stand in line at XS and just listen to everyone talk about how the employees/bouncers who work the lines are rude, angry and they'll even put their hands on you. . . Last time I was here I got escorted out by security because I simply couldn't take their attitudes anymore, and observing how they treat people, I snapped.
This club is completely skeezy and sketchy and the bouncers are violent thieves. . . My wife's company bought bottle service for two tables and spent $22k that evening for 20 people.  At the end of the evening, in our seating area, a bouncer walked through and shoved me to the ground to get out of his way.  When I got back up, the bouncer grabbed me and threw me out.  In the process, my Hugo Boss sports jacket was "lost"  (and most likely stolen by the bouncer).  I never said a word to the bouncer, never touched him or even gave him a bad look. . . If this is how they treat people spending $1k/person, how will they treat you?
I must have missed something that the other 1157 reviews didn't. I personally don't enjoy waiting 30 minutes in a line for a drink, having nowhere to sit, stand, or even dance. The dance floor was so packed people couldn't barley move. I guess that's a good sign for the club owners, their business is a success. I just was disappointed; I had higher hopes for this place.. . The music was good, and the outside area is awesome filled with tables you could rent out for the night. I guess I should have done that and I'm sure this review would be a five star. Why is that? You have a server bringing you drinks, a place to dance, sit or even stand if you want. =)
Nice location. I think this is where they hold the weekly Ultimate Douching Championships. I could be wrong though. 1 star because the people here douche way out of my league. Like, seriously, there's some hardcore douching going on here.
Was just in Vegas with the boys and looking to have fun. Heard XS was the best in Vegas other then TAO. Guys, if you want to have fun do not go to this place. It's a beautiful spot to be for a first timer to just experience. On a Sat night, this place was packed. I mean, you cant move, cant talk to a girl, cant even dance. The girls are Hott, mostly Asian which I luv, but they are just there to show off and nothing more. I feel like the LA girls were all at XS. I would say 85% of people who go to Vegas are CALI people. Or else Vegas strip would be a ghost town. The bouncers let everyone in, just go early if your a guy. So guys, if you are trying to talk to girls, dance with them, and get to know them, you can kiss that goodbye. Its PACKED dance floor. You cant even move. But if your trying to go check out the scene, its beautiful. Next time I go to Vegas, I am trying off the strip clubs to see real vegas girls.
Fuk the Asian/Hawaiian guestlist guy with the beard
its a pretty club, I would say that much- but they have no guest services and their bartenders as well as bouncers were EXTREMELY rude. I would never go again- I mean at one point they closed up both exits! I don't even know if that is legal but I started to feel claustrophobic because there was no way to get out and everyone was clumped together. When I asked to get out nicely (I did not drink anything because the drinks were so expensive so I definitely was aware of my demeanor) They told me to go to the other exit (which I found later was blocked too) and they let a party through right in front of me when all I wanted to do was leave.
I am not a nightclub person, but somehow I ended up at this outrageously expensive stink hole. . . I could and will never, ever justify paying this much to stand around and sip cocktails with a bunch of well-off snoots. Buy stocks, help the homeless, go back to school, whatever... just do something other than waste your paycheck at this trendy club.. . The only redeeming quality is the outdoor space, which is set up quite nicely. There's a pool in the middle and I was really hoping that some smug butthole would get pushed into it. Alas, he or she did not, therefore keeping this review at one star. . . Who wants to spend thousands of dollars on a "cabana" when I can have the same private experience in my parent's basement? Invite some friends over and blast some techno... done. At least I wouldn't have money hungry hoes preying on my overpriced bottles of mediocre liquor.. . Avoid da club and go to the Pinball Hall of Fame instead. It's open late too.
xs= hype to the millionth power... . i fucking hate this place so much mans...the bouncers here are seriously on some crazy ass power trip mode...and their not even real officers...i used to be an offier of some sort (dont worry what kind and where) and i never acted like these dumb ass foos...tryna act all hard with their barney suits...bitch please...get off your high horse and go get a degree...or at least a vocational certificate.... . yeahs i guess the venues nice and the outdoor area is big as fuck...but please this place is so stupid...theres only only main indoor dance floor and the outdoor areas just for lounging and shit.... . anyways the first time i ever came to this place there was no line...i walked in and they were playing trance and whatevers...dont get me wrong i like to listen to some trance here and there but alllll night??? no thank you. i like to hear some hip hop in the clubs from time to time to you know...so when i heard "california loooooove" i got excited....but five seconds later it goes "california love...beep beep beep...ek ek ek"...uhhhhhhhh wtf??? they turned my tupac into some dj tiesto like crap!!! ahhhhhh!!!. . oh i guess i have bad luck here too...every other time ive came here something stupid happens...whether it be the lines being stupid long, or the bouncers being total dicks and tryna bribe me and my peoples...or it being "over capacity"...
Okay, to make it short the facts:. . - 1.5 hours waiting. - 50 bucks . - drinks expensive as hell. . last but not least... THE PEOPLE:. . "undergraduate, snobbish girls and old sugar daddies". that's it. . . the music is okay, the location looks pretty good, like everything in las vegas. and btw - you are separated in two classes - people with a vip private super mega lounge area, and people without.. . honestly - one of the worst evenings in my life.. . PS: maybe this kind of clubbing is something "special" for rich snobbish kids from a suburb, but not for people who now what clubbing is like in europe. don't wanna sound bitchy - but i dont understand why people like it in this club.
I was not impressed at all with XS.  its totally overrated and expensive to get in.  I feel sorry for the guys who have to wait in the super long lines that curve around the casino to no where.  Our group consisted of 10 people 5 guys and 5 girls.  The girls were allowed into the club at 10:30 p.m. (showed up at 10:00 p.m.) but the guys were not allowed in until 1 a.m.  I felt so bad for the guys because they had to wait in line for 3 hours and still have to pay $50.  The only way the guys could get in was through "greasing" the bouncers - pay them off $100 for a group of 3 guys.  They should just one of lines - the $100 bribe line.  Inside the club isn't that awesome either.  Its a rather small room if you pact over max capacity.  I'm sure they are in violation of some kind of fire code.  On the dance floor, there are so many people again beyond capacity.  People are super pushy/aggressive.  You have to be aggressive back if you don't want to get knocked over.  While dancing, this sweaty guy's bald head rubbed against my arm twice! It was so gross.. . I seriously don't think its worth spending your time there.  It might be better if you're with all girls but it sucks having half of your party (girls) in the club and half outside waiting in line.  This club sucks.
Went on a Sunday night after coming from Lavo.  They played house music.  We walked in and walked right back out.  Totally lost our buzz.
IMO worst club in Vegas.  Spent $1,500 for a table and they would only let 4 people in, if all 10 of us wanted to get in, we had to get another bottle -another $750 yeah right.  So us girls stood in line and paid $25/person.  Walked in and all they play is house music - in fact they turned rap songs into house music??  wth.  The security there are ahoes.  There was 1 guy behind our group and he was talking over us to his group in front of us, so we did the right thing and let him go in front of us to join his group.  The security guard told him to get to the back of the line for cutting - even after we told security it was fine with us and it wasn't a big deal.  My husband got kicked to the back of the line because he was giving our other friend money for the bottle service.  Talk about powertrip.  . . The women that go there are the hottest in Vegas but I wouldn't spend a shload of money to be treated like crap and listen to house music, I'd rather spend my money elsewhere.
This 1 star rating is for the VIP Host by the name of Kalani.. . If I didn't have this unfortunate dealing with kalani, XS would've probably gotten 5 stars from me.  The Club is very nice, outdoor pool area and table games is nice, music was cool, crowd was cool.  . . Not much negative to say about the club itself besides the fact that it was SUPER Packed, but hey, its supposed to be one of the most poppin clubs in vegas so I can't complain about this too much.  . . Here's the deal with Kalani.  I had reserved a table with 3 bottles for me and my buddies through a promoter.  He passed on my info to Kalani and I got a text the day before confirming the table and our price minimum.  I responded quickly to confirm and he says make sure were there by 10:30 and to call him when we arrive.  So far so good.. . Anyways, we get there early, around 10.  I call him and communication is pretty horrible, not his fault, it was loud and there was already a long line.  He says come to the front of the general admission line.  I look for him for a while and after some confusion we finally meet up.  He tells another host to take care of my group so we go through and pass the entire line and get let into the club.  So far so good.. . Now, were in front of the cashier and my friends are just waiting for me since I'm organizing all of this.  Keep in mind, this is my first time trying to get a table in vegas.  So one of my buddies asks if I got a receipt slip from Kalani, i didn't, so i go back out and ask kalani what were supposed to do.  He finishes helping the dude before us and starts writing on the receipt slip and communicating with his ear piece.  . . He repeats my name into his mic and proceeds to say "His name is Sennett, s-e-n-n-e-t-t, he's in the system".  And a minute later, he looks over and says, sorry man they don't have your table.  . . I look at him with a perplexed look and say, "what?, what are you talking about".  . . ANYWAYS... He proceeds to tell me and my group to pay the cover to get in, and that a table should open up in an hour and that he would reimburse our cover and give us our originally agreed upon table minimum.  He says he will stay in contact with me via text.  . . At that point, I realized that we had just gotten fucked over and that we weren't getting a table.  I felt bad and responsible for me and my friends not getting a table.  We paid the cover and got in and of course did not hear anything back from Kalani.  . . Ended up still having a pretty good time but that started our night off at XS in a sour manner...
Least cool club in Vegas.  I have been there different nights - not a fan.. . People - meh, drinks fine, ambiance whatever.... Its Vegas! Blow me away.  Why anyone would pay to get in here blows me away.
The club is great, it's a lot of fun.  But so are a lot of other clubs in Vegas.  I'd actually recommend Tryst over XS.  Let me explain our experience at XS:. . We ordered bottle service, they take the card and ID, and run it through.  After charging us, they inform my friend he is not allowed to wear his beanie ... something they could have mentioned BEFORE letting us in.. . On the way to our table, another bouncer says, "Don't worry, you can put it back on once you're inside".. . 5 mins later, another bouncer comes up, "You need to take that off.". . The story goes on, and the rest is irrelevant, but they need to get on the same page.
I changed my mind. My last visit reaffirms that XS is far too overrated.. . I'm not quite sure why any female would enjoy this place. . . I will recount my experience: My female friends and I are all dancing on the dance floor, which is small enough to make any claustrophobic freak out. (You'd think with the several million/billion/whatever dollars they spent on this place they would have bothered to make the dance floor bigger.) Not even after two seconds did we situate ourselves on the dance floor did at least half a dozen creepy guys attack us from all corners. When looks of disgust did not rid them of us, we resorted to pushing. Very surprisingly, they took this as encouragement to try and dance with the other members in our group. It was then I realized we were dealing with a new species of Creepy Males. I had never been more fearful.. . Maybe it's something they put in the water at XS, but the guys in this club are far more creepier than any other club I've been to. . . Combine that with unfriendly bouncers hurling saliva and screaming in your face to "MOVE, MOVE, GET OUT OF THE WAY" while briefly convening FAR AWAY from the entrance, and I don't even want to bother.
These days anyone can open a club.  So I expected something special from the Wynn.  THINK AGAIN. . Got a table for a special event.  They put us on the PATIO because we spent less than $12,000.  I am actually embarrassed to disclose the amount we spent. The server was nice but with bottle service, they are really not doing much work.  Before that everyone we encountered was an ass. . . Also, what good is having a table at a club if you are not IN THE CLUB.  For the amount we spent, we could have flown to NYC and been at a real club, where the people are actually cool, the environment was authentic, not "Vegas Authentic"  . . I complained to the Wynn. They essentially said "tough luck but please come back" in corporate language. I guess I am not influential enough for them to care. . . . It's a rip off.  Don't go.
SO SHIT. SUCH a scene. never going again. Waste of $20 cover. TOO. MUCH HOUSE.
When you have a table reserved for 18 girls for a special night (i.e., your bachelorette party), you would think that the club would take care of you, or at the very least give you decent service. Unfortunately, this was NOT the case at all. . . When we initially got to the club, we were able to get through the entrance area fairly quickly.  We were then taken around to the very back of the club to a table in the outside area.  Our server was initially super nice to us. Things were going great.  We placed an order for three bottles of Vodka and our mixers and started gearing up for a fun night.  . . When our server disappeared to go grab the bottles, that's when things quickly went downhill.  As we were sitting around waiting on the comfy chairs, two ginormous cockroaches scurry into our cabana.  It was absolutely disgusting.  Fortunately, as the rest of us were screaming, my sister tried to step on them to keep them from coming closer to us.  Those little buggers were still twitching afterwards.  We complained to the hostess and she then turned into a royal biotch.   She gave us the worst kind of attitude and then took the bottles of alcohol that she brought to our table away.  It was so condescending and rude.  She actually ended up bringing the alcohol back and then taking it away again about two more times as we were waiting to hear back from the manager.  As if we would actually drink the bottles without getting our situation sorted out.  The manager comes out and promises to do his best to move us and/or comp us a bottle....SOMETHING to help us feel better about things.  He then comes back about half an hour later and tells us there is nothing he can do.  It is summer time and it's nature.  Really?  You have a multi-million dollar club in Vegas and you can't even keep your tables clean?  Have you heard of Terminex?  Round-up even? I mean, we understood it is part of nature, but we were in a three-walled table space (and not in the outside pool area) in one of the most profitable night clubs in Vegas.  The fact that we also had to deal with attitude from our server and be told that the club wasn't even willing to comp us what would be a $20 bottle of champagne is absolutely ridiculous - the worst service I have ever experienced.  What about swapping us out with an upstairs table that was occupied with men since arguably it might not bother some guys as much as it did our group of girly ladies?  The least they could have done was give us a comped bottle of wine or champagne.  At the end of the day, we waited an entire hour to find out what the club could do for us, which turned out to be absolutely nothing of course. They absolutely were not thinking. Their message was essentially take or leave the table because they don't give a rats azz about us.  . . Because it was my bachelorette and we wanted to enjoy whatever time we had remaining, my friends just decided to stay.  It was just hard to have any respect for the manager and our original hostess.  The manager had heard us talking about not leaving any gratuity, so he then tells us that he will swap out our server just so we can start fresh (i.e., they want to collect our gratuity).  He ended up replacing our original hostess with the sweetest replacement host.  At least they recognized how big of a biotch the original hostess was being.  When another cockroach came scurrying into our table, she freaked out also and told us she felt horrible.  She tried to move us again or do something, ANYTHING to compensate us, but she came back and basically told us the same story.  We actually have a conscience (unlike the people we were dealing with), so we gave the replacement hostess the full 20% tip.  . . Honestly, I have never felt so marginalized and disregarded when spending thousands of dollars on $50 bottles of alcohol the club is making a hefty profit on.  . . XS sucks.  Don't reserve a table there if you aren't a fan of disgusting insects or horrible service. Needless to say, I will not be going back...EVER.
We were there on Friday night for Calvin Harris.  And I have ONE word:. . Cockroaches. . . PLURAL. As in many. As in ALL OVER THE DAMN PLACE. We saw them crawling over the VIP tables. . .over the reserved beds outside. . .over the plants and palms. . .over the planter boxes surrounding well manicured bushes. Over drinks that were set on the small planter boxes. Behind the bars. . .and inside the cabanas. We saw reserved tables outside almost flip their table when one ran across a girl sitting there. . .l. . COCKROACHES, at the "finest club" in Vegas.  So we brought it up to a waitress. . .she told us that she'll ask about some spray. This is nothing that a little spray can do, XS has a MASSIVE infestation of roaches. Everyone else might be rating this place as 5 stars, but I prefer my dirty martini's not THAT dirty.. . Pros: It's big, spacious, nice sound, and the drinks might be nice. . .. . Cons: ROACHES.  LOTS OF THEM.
this is not a place for nonsmokers but you can sell life insurance at this place. tons of smokers
Was here this past Saturday night, the DJ was horrible, pretty sure we got charge double for the freaking smallest table in that club!! Should of went to Marquee.........
I came here last Saturday with 5 of my girlfriends. 5/6 of us got stamped except for one of my girlfriends. They denied her because my girlfriend did not look like her picture in her passport and that her nose does not match. -__- Are you serious? Even though her picture was a couple of years younger, you can still see the resemblance. She even asked if she could show them her facebook page since this happened to her at club Tao and they let her through, but the bouncer said no. What is even worse is the day before, my friend's friend tried getting into XS but got denied with her own ID as well. In person, she is skinny with blonde hair, but in her ID, she was chubs with black hair. They basically denied her for getting hotter. -__-. . Anyways, we decided to try Surrender and my girlfriend got in. I think I have more love for Surrender than XS now even though I love the ambiance for XS more. :/ I guess you better update your ID picture if you decide to get fit/fat/dye your hair/get a nose job/etc or bring a back up ID photo or else they will deny you.
Place sucks, if the place is getting crowded and stuffy, they still let people in which makes it overcrowded. Staff is wack. Bartenders are assholes "I only get paid 8 bucks an hour, so calm the fuck down." Bouncers treat you like cattle. After a while the crowd gets a little aggravated from waiting too long to get onto the dance floors and starts pushing forward which causes fights and people falling over. Honestly never coming to this club again. Paid 50$ just to leave only an hour and a half after entering. overrated and overpriced.
I have been here twice now. Once when they were brand new, and then again this past weekend.. . THIS CLUB SUCKS! If you want to go to an expensive, overly-hyped, WAY overcrowded (every club in Vegas gets too crowded, but they really just do not care about safety or fire hazards at XS - AT ALL!) club that loves to drop the beat after every song, then this is the place for you.. . The first time I went, we had bottle service for my friend's birthday. He is a VIP at Wynn and was in one of the largest suites at Encore so you think they would have given him a little something. No! They put as at this SMALL ASS table, OUTSIDE (in December) that did not even have seating for four people. And there was no privacy or separation from regular guests. Not cool.. . This past weekend, I went again (against my wishes) with my friends to XS because Calvin Harris was playing. Once again, we were staying at a suite in Encore. It worked out a little better this time because guy tickets were sold out but we were able to get them because of staying at the hotel. Let me say, Calvin Harris was AWESOME! He put on an amazing show. And I already knew to expect that the venue would be crowded. But seriously - we were packed so tight (inside AND outside) that you couldn't even put your hands up without hitting someone. And there was literally NO WHERE to move. Getting a drink took 45 minutes. Ridiculous! They had FOUR (4) people behind the bar. Are you kidding me?!. . Needless to say, I will NOT be pressured into coming back to this club; especially not when there are hundreds of other places to explore in Vegas!
The club oversold so many tickets that the entire club was basically group-hugging everyone.The bartender literally screamed in my face, spit-flying and all, and told me to "wait the fuck [my] turn!!" ... never coming back. I'm not even sure why I came.
The only reasons I'm giving this one star are because it's mandatory and because the bathrooms were very clean with very little wait time. They definitely over sold the show I attended by about 200-300 people. There was no room anywhere to move around, let alone try to dance (which I thought was the point of a nightclub?). They allow smoking inside so all night I was breathing into my arm. They tell you you HAVE to dress in club attire or you may not be allowed in and yet I saw many people in jeans, t-shirts and sneakers. I was about to pass out, because I couldn't breath very well, when I found a small ledge to sit on where other people were also sitting. About five minutes later a bouncer toldus all to get down and clear the walkway (what walkway? there was people standing EVERYWHERE). Around 20 minutes after that, there were a bunch of girls sitting in that same exact spot and by the time I left (close to 2:30am because we did not want to stay til closing in those conditions) those girls had still been sitting there the entire time. All I know is, I will never pay that ridiculous amount of money to go stand in the bathroom hallway and sort of hear the music again!
I've been to XS Nightclub at the Encore a few times now, and each time has been pretty fun. It has really good ambience, I think the club itself is just crazy decked out pretty, and I know it's one of the hottest nightclubs in Vegas right now. Nowadays everyone that's going to Vegas wants to hit up either Marquee at Cosmo or XS. They book pretty good DJs and XS has been my number one favorite club to frequent in Vegas ever since I turned 21. However, the incident that happened last Sunday made me rethink to aswhether I want to even come back to XS ever. Again. . . So I arrived at XS and my coworkers wanted to buy two Patron shots. Personally, I don't drink Patron so I just told them to stay put and I'd help them out and buy the shots for them. I went to the bar on the right side from the stage, and was helped by a blonde female bartender with a mole on her upper lip. I attempted to pay with my Visa debit card, but she proceeded to tell me that my card wasn't working. I asked her to perhaps try one more time, and she refused to. She then took my card and signaled for a bouncer to come, escort me to an ATM to withdraw cash, and pay for the shots, despite my continuous efforts to tell her, "NO I NO LONGER WANT THESE SHOTS". She informed me that if I didn't withdraw money to pay for the shots that I supposedly ordered, she would've had me kicked out of the nightclub. . . XS, you disappoint. I don't know what kind of customer service this is. You were my number one and now I never want to come back. I'll take my business to Marquee next time, they never screw me over.
My fiance and I came here for Calvin Harris on Friday. Since we're not a group of girls, we bought tickets ($70 for guys, 30 for girls). We arrived around 12 PM and the regular line was gigantic, but we waited only ~5-10 minutes in the ticket line. Once inside, coat check was $10 per item (I finally understood why girls weren't wearing any coats in the 40 degree weather). . . Some rando DJ was playing really crappy music and the dance floor was RIDICULOUSLY crowded. We had pregamed beforehand but weren't really buzzed by any means, and spent the next hour getting stepped on by awkward tall dudes who can't seem to stay on their feet and girls who clearly could not balance in their heels. One guy in front of me who's at least 6'4 was dancing with this chick who kept shoving him backwards and then pulling him back. Idk if they're a couple who's fighting or if they just met and this girl thinks it's a great way to flirt, but every time this happens (every 2 minutes) the dude CRASHES backwards into me. This continued for 90 minutes. Also, people were CONSTANTLY trying to get closer to the stage with full drinks and then getting pissed when their drinks get knocked out of their hands. It was also a complete sausage fest in there! The girls were decent looking, but there were SO MANY creepy looking guys! One old Asian perv kept groping girls and had to be escorted out by security. Seriously XS? You can't even keep a 1:1 sex ratio? I haven't even been to a frat party this bad.. . I soon stopped enjoying the extremely mediocre music and had to focus all my energy on defending my territory with my elbows. By 1:30 AM Calvin Harris was still not here (he was advertised from 10 PM - 4 AM), and fiance and I were pissed off enough to just leave the club to take a break from all the madness. When we went back at 2:30 AM, Calvin Harris had arrived and the music had improved immensely. The crowd, on the other hand, and spilled out of the dance floor and into the aisles, forming a giant, solid, writhing mass of elbows and sweat. Fiance and I danced a bit at the edge as girl-lines tried to shove back into the crowd, but at this point people on the edge were linking arms to deny entry to the dance floor. After 20 minutes we decided even Calvin Harris was not worth this and left.. . I'm not sure if I'm just used to clubs in Boston/ NYC, but I've never been to a club this bad. The music was mediocre-below average most of the night, there were waaay too many creepers (ratio was at least 3:1 guys to girls), and there was barely room to breathe. I can't imagine enjoying this crap even if I was blacked out drunk. Complete waste of money. Never again.
Went to XS tonight as I usually do given that I live in Las Vegas. Bought a entrance pass. Got in through the front for a bit when I was grabbed on the shoulder and asked to leave. I asked why and the bouncer responded with a screaming tone, "I don't have to tell you why. Get out now". I am a 31 year old male with proper ID presented at the front before entering in. I don't do nor carry drugs. I dressed appropriately and have never been hassled at a club before. If you have an option, try Marquee or the new club Hakkasan at MGM because you might end up wasting cover charges at XS!!
The promoter told us that we'd be able to get in to XS after Tryst and when we walked over to XS to inquired about the entrance the bouncer was VERY rude to us. He yelled at us and told us to get out of the line. We weren't speaking to him in a mean way; there was no reason to his demeanor. He was just being an a$$. When we spoke to the promoter, he tried to back him up and apologize but in my opinion, if a nightclub is to be classy then the staff would represent that as well.
If you had the mistaken belief like me, probably from movies and tv, that vegas clubs were full of gorgeous people with money and hanging out with them would make you feel like you had made it - you will be let down by XS. Although everyone appeared to be "dressed to impress" I was not - impressed that is. It seemed like the club was full of young and old wannabes. . . There are huge lines to get in. Though groups of girls can get in free (through promoters) and get in the shorter promotions line it's still a half hour wait (in the short line!). If you want to avoid the line altogether you'll have to get a table - last I heard it's $750 for a 3 top. . . Once you get inside the place is packed. The dance floor isn't that big so by 11 PM they rope it off and you have to bribe the bouncer to get onto the dance floor. The entire space indoors is packed because the dance floor is surrounded by small tables (that you have to pay for) and there's no where to stand except in the aisles where people are pushing and shoving to move around the club.. . Best bet is to head straight outside. Lots of places to hang out but again no where to sit except for some planters. All the tables are reserved and these are the nice tables - lots of room, big sofas - the ones by the pool even have the pool spot reserved. I'm not sure how much these tables are but I'm guessing a lot. Mostly groups of 10 guys or more at the tables outside all checking out the girls. The only places to mix and mingle are around the bar or casino tables. You can hear the music outside, well enough to dance although the only people dancing are those jammed into the space right behind the dj.. . Getting drinks at the bar didn't seem to be a problem and they actually gave out free water. The bathrooms outside are also well kept and there's no line. I liked that part of things.. . If you're young and want to experience a club for the first time, you might like XS. Otherwise, skip it. . . Summary: gorgeous outdoor space but the whole thing is like a  super crowded frat party.
been here a few times loved it then hated and hated . just posting this review to reflect the bartender lady iv had, some are the biggest bitches you will unfortunately ever have to meet. worst experience with a bartender lady i have ever had. seriously she was the worst.. i tipped a couple bucks for my hugesly overpriced drink and she said " THATS IT? JUST THAT? YOUR NOT GOING TIP ME MORE?" i cant believe they would say something like that. tips are an option for SERVICE, not for some dirty bimbo working at XS to try to steal money from drunk people. never will go here again after that. . anyways if you like paying absurd fees to get in then go ahead, iv gotten in for free before and thats the only way id go here. . . they make you wait ridiculously long lines if you dont have tickets, . even with tickets still had to wait a bit. i just hate having to pay an absurd cover then pay 20 bucks a drink. thats so dumb to me. 20 bucks?!? how can people afford that...for ONE drink. thats crazy. . . again i did have fun here before but i do remember one time the main dj was playing at 12:30 so we went to the main dancefloor at like 11:50 and the good for nothing "bouncer" wouldnt let anyone in, everyone outside was so angry when that guy with no career stopped everyone and only let people in who payd him cash...so we greased him and he let us in...its just a joke to me.
XS is the best club in Vegas. The drinks are decent but pricy, the staff is generally friendly except for one bartender that asked us to tip $8 for 2 drinks, and the music and vibe are excellent. The place is beautiful with a nice patio, pool, and indoor and outdoor entertainment. So why the one star?. . Here's the deal we made a terrible mistake of thinking we had tickets on presale from want tickets.com when we did not. They made us wait in line for 2 hours! 2 Hours exactly no exaggeration. When I asked why to the staff inside the box office she quietly said they do this on purpose so people wait and they do crowd control. Once we got in we realized there was PLENTY of room outside and no official fire code reason (or other reason) that they were doing this.. . Vegas needs to change some of these stupid policies if they want people coming back.
Would not come back here cause through security gaurds are blind. They can't read an I'D if their life depended on it. A tall black gaurd wouldn't let my friend who was 22 in.
Staff was rude.  Waited in line for 2 hours after they separated our group and when we finally got to the door we was told $100 per person.   We will never go back to that place.
"The best nightclub in the world" - yeah, right.. . Vegas is a circus to which customers from all around the world come to leave their honestly (or not so much) earned money. Everything here is designed to pump as much cash out of customers during their visit and Vegas is really good at that. XS is not an exception and lives up to the standard of local business practices:. . 1. Treating customers in the line as kettle waiting in line to be milked for money. . 2. False advertising. For unlucky kettle that doesn't buy tickets in advance or choses not to pay for bottle service around $1,200 cover prices may vary. Forget about what you see on promotion - you will be charged whatever security wishes/dares to ask. . 3. If you really want security to be nice to you - you can pay $200 cash and they will take you through the long line of customers (wondering if management knows about this).. 4. Security acting like owners of the club. No offense, but there is a reason why these guys are trusted only with low quality suits and earpieces to talk to their pals about "potential threats" :). . Now, is it the best club in Vegas? Maybe, maybe not. In order to be one they really need to learn how to treat customers. Fancy interior, nice loud music don't matter as long as XS has those average in quality and cunning in nature "services". . . FYI: The world is a bit larger than Vegas strip and even state of Nevada.
I have to admit I've never been inside of this club but I'm only speaking on the experience while waiting in line. If you are looking to be tricked into paying double for this club I recommend not to go. We waited in line for two hours and decided to leave. . . The organizers of the club who ever they are just wants their commission and how do I know this? I personally asked. He told me they don't make money from inside of the club only the bar does so they have to get their commission somehow telling people to pay twice the amount to get in. I don't knock their game but I'm not the one that will be paying double for any club when they were closing in an hour. . . The line for people who was paying regular price didn't move at all only the line for people who payed over 100 to get in!! Due to the bad experience that I had I will not plan to go back there and attempt to get in I will stick to my usual spots.
We were waiting for over 1 h and,  the  bouncer whit guy and Asian guy who work s there  was cutting the line and passing ppl for $20 each  per person (side jab good money ) any way we Decide to pay him and we got in was fun
Went here last night for my brothers birthday. The host outside told us there was only one table left in the club. He gave us a 2k minimum and then asked for a $500 handshake. Table was tiny and in front of a pillar, it was terrible. He also kept harassing us for a $500 tip that was regular for the tables. He forced us to pay him or 'else'. . Oh and it was a complete lie, there were dozens of free tables.
