Terrible, terrible service. Will not go back. It wasn't even crowded for Saturday Brunch. We waited and waited for eggs and after 45 minutes left. The server checked back with us once to left us know our food was on the way but it never came. Hugely disappointed. Will not recommend to friends and won't take my out of town guests there either.
What ever happened to FEZ? They used to be a  good restaurant and I do my best to support local restaurants. I hate writing  a bad review,but maybe by seeing this they will start to improve things at the restaurant.  Lately, the food has been average at best and the service is not only slow but rude on top of it.  Tonight we waited 20 minutes at the bar, before we could get a drink and the restaurant was dead. When we did get service, the bartender gave tons of attitude and seem more interesated in servicing his friends sitting at the bar than servicing paying customers like us. He never asked how our food was, which had he done that, he would have reaslized it was cold.  And to top it off, when we noticed the bill was incorrect, rather than an apology that he had made a simple mistake he choose to argue. Last time, I went there, I had poor food and service as well. I thought that was isolated experience, why gave it another chance, but after tonight, doubt I will anytime soon, unless things improve.
I really liked this place when I was stopping into Phoenix, but will go in there  no longer. The food and the decor are good (and very complementary), but I can't get away from the rape-y way an off-duty bartender made me feel.. I am not gay, nor do I feel any animosity toward people with any differing sexualities. But, when I say no to a dude (I'm VERY hetero), I MEAN no. And when I know the guy works there and the rest of the staff leaves me there alone with him in an aggressive state, I feel EXTREMELY uncomfortable.. Nice food, nice booze. nice service. But the trust is lost. I am afraid to ever come back again without some sort of back-up.
Saddest dining experience..... . I was at Fez with a large group of young professionals, all well behaved, ordering food and drinks, and I have never had to witness such discrimination and ignorance on the part of a restaurant as I did tonight.  The waiter, bartender, manager, and owner all assumed that our friend, who suffered a traumatic brain injury years ago, must have been intoxicated because his speech was slurred and his gait was not quite right.  Despite having the situation explained, they refused to believe it, and instead of politely denying him alcohol, they told him to leave their establishment and refused to spend even a minute talking to him to see past their perception.  Our friend stayed calm, apologized to our group, paid and left without causing a scene.. . I don't care how the food tastes or what the atmosphere is like; I won't be able to forget the disrepectful manner in which they treated my friend.  I guess ignorance is alive and well, and frequents Fez as well.
We were seated promptly.  A good amount of people there for dinner, but plenty of places to sit.  We then waited while the table to the right of us was waited on by one waiter, and the table left of us by another waiter.  After being ignored for over 10 minutes, we finally left.  Not one word from the wait-staff.  The menu looked interesting, I just wish they gave me the option of ordering drinks and food.
We showed up at 6:15 and were seated. We sat, and we sat and well, we sat some more. Two waiters were working the area around us but apparently neither felt the need to serve our table. After over 10 minutes of sitting without any acknowledgement we left.  A simple, "we'll be right with you." could've solved the problem or even better, the two host/hostesses could have taken a drink order. We will not be back. There are plenty of fantastic little restaurants all over downtown that treat their clientele as if they want repeat business.
We were seated right away but from there nobody acknowledged us so we had to leave. There were some waitstaff serving others nearby but it felt like our table had nobody assigned to it. We had to be on our way in a reasonable amount of time so we had to leave 10 minutes later since nothing had happened. Other friends rave about this location so it was a disappointing experience.
This has place a horrible server! He talked back to our table and got an attitude, even though he was the one that forgot to place our order. After letting him know we were disappointed in the service he got an attitude and never came back to out table. Red-head server/bartender.
1st time ever that yelp has lied to me.  I took the wife to FEZ because of the reviews but what a mistake.  The way the place looks is amazing very nice n hip.  But the wife and I ordered burgers and well burnt fat is the only word that comes to mind.  The beef tasted very very fatty and was burnt(I asked for medium well).   Hummus was good but both my and my wifes burger was eww and we both had different burgers.  Top it all off the 2 dudes sitting if front of us decided to give everyone in the restaurant a lesson on how to make out in public.  EWW get a room!
Stopped in a couple Saturday's ago for brunch. The place wasn't that busy and we were seated immediately. Our server came over with water for the table and asked if we would like something else to drink. I ordered o.j and my girlfriend got a bloody Mary. After about 10 min the server cameback to take our order for food and I asked about the drinks. He said he would go grab them after he took our order. 10-15 min after placing our food order we not only had not received our drinks but now our water was gone. Finally the drinks arrived with the food. Upon asking for our water to be refilled the server gave a grunt like i was bothering him!? The food was "ok". Not great but also not terrible. There are many other places I can go and spend my money and get much better service and food! This is a place I will not be visiting again. Ok food but terrible service
Poor service. Everyone was milling about when our party of 7 walked in and no one wanted to do anything...this type of lackluster attention continued. The drinks were awful. $3 margaritas sounded too good to be true and my watermelon one tasted completely artificial like they melted a jolly rancher into it or something. Blech.
I have never had such bad service.. . In college I was a server and know that this place sucks. . . My hamburger order came out wrong, it was taken back and came out stone cold and still wrong. My partners food was by now stone cold as she had waited for my meal. . . We decided to end a bad experience on a sweet note. After waiting 30 minutes for our mousse, my extremely patient partner asked to see the manager. . . After explaining our woes at his restaurant he asked "what should I do?" I bit my tongue not to say "sorry, I don't work here, that is something you should know how to handle."  Management is as capable as the staff.. . He should have given us two free meals so we would think about coming back. Given that didn't happen, I will NEVER step a foot into this place again. There are lots of good restaurants that could use our patronage.
Fez Burger was just ok, garlic fries were terrible and a $3 up charge. Everything seemed store bought from the bread to the patties to the fries.
Sunday night female bartender was not very attentive set there for quite a while didn't feel welcome like in the past.
