To put it mildly, I wouldn't come back even if they paid me to stay for free. It has terrible feng shui with nothing making sense. Being the largest hotel in the world, I guess they forgot to put in the outside greenery for guests who might like to sit away from the smoke.. BTW, the ventilation system is so bad, the restaurants, including CraftSteak and other high end have open windows that let in the smoke, so virtually there's no place to enjoy that isn't invaded with nicotine.. The non-smoking room was okay but go stay at a hotel without a casino and then go gamble when you want. If you stay at a hotel that has a casino attached, you have the smoking otherwise you don't.. I guess you could say I hated my experience. The food at the MGM and all the casinos is extremely expensive unless you eat at MGM's crappy food court, which looks like any shopping center food court but 3x the price. . Las Vegas along the strip is the most expensive area I've been to in the States. it makes Manhattan look like a deal. If they don't take your money at the craps table, they'll take it in airport transportation, food, water, drinks or any way they can.. Bye, MGM and Las Vegas. Thank God what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
Not to stay, no way.. The people there are scary!!!. It is only good for gambling.
I'm about to rant so get ready.... . I've had a better experience at a Howard Johnson in Oklahoma than I did at the MGM Grand. Back story - Last fall I signed up for a promotion with Studio 54. In short, the MGM has no affiliation with Studio 54 and I was told by the front desk that the MGM lies to it's guests and doesn't uphold promotional offers. I refused to think that the hotel was this bad so after complaining I got a comp for a free weekend. I took advantage this weekend and would rather have paid to stay somewhere else.. . Ok, I know MGM is trying to climb out of bankruptcy but charging fees left and right is a sneaky and annoying way to accomplish this. There is a mandatory resort fee that offers me internet and business center access. However, the business center makes you pay for computer use and $1.40 per page to print. Thanks, that's really helpful. Want to go to the gym? Thats another $15 per day. Fine I'll just go to my room and ignore all of the inconveniences. . . My room smelt like sewage. This wasn't ever fixed. That's ok because Studio 54 put me on the guest list to make up for the last time! Wrong. They had no record of that. Of course they didn't. We went to Haze nightclub in the Aria instead and had a blast so maybe it was for the best. . . On a side note, Wet Republic (their "claim to fame" pool) was closed and the 150 people at the regular pool weren't eye candy to say the least. (Sure, not the MGM's fault but I'm going to blame them anyway.) Vegas was amazing! MGM was not... I will NEVER go inside this hotel again.
This is quite possibly one of the worst places to stay on the strip. Why? Because the service is terrible and the hotel has just horrible policies and whatever their management is does not know how to run a hotel. . . My previous company contracted this place for a few years in a row to do their sales convention, so you would think they have spent enough money to keep MGM happy, but for some reason that's just not enough to get their people to break out a smile.. . Their systems were down once, and hundreds, and hundreds of people going to the conference tried to check in, and the check in took 10 hours. Let me tell you how agonizing it is to wait for 10 hours in line because you want to gnaw your eyes out from having to wake up early to catch the flight to begin with.. . So you would think, with this epic mess up, that they would comp. They turned people away, people who had reservations were turned away because they couldn't find any paper trails. What?? Are you kidding me?. . I think a few people got a $25 restaurant credit. For waiting in line for 8 hours? I think I can pay for that $25 myself.. . They had horrible management of the whole event and really screwed things up despite how much I'm sure they were being paid for the whole ordeal. I don't even care much if their rooms are comfortable or not. Don't bother with this place.
Don't waste your gambling money on this dump. I stayed for three nights over Memorial Day weekend. Our group got three separate rooms. My room looked decent when I entered but once realizing there was no coffee maker, no mini fridge, and a ridiculously old shower head, I was ready to switch hotels. . . Room service dishes were left on the ground for hours without clean up. The pool was decent, but I would stay away from Wet republic until they learn to organize a line. Perhaps they stuck us in the old wing, but come on, for the money we paid we should at least have had a coffee maker in the room. I should stop being so negative, we had a great view of the Motel 6 across the street.
Spent one night here with three friends. The cost for one night in this crappy room? $220!!! We split it four ways, but still. If we had spent $75 on this room, I may have given them two stars.. . What I liked: The bed. It was really comfortable.. . What I didn't like:. . The half inch of dust on the lamp/nightstand. Ew.. The very obvious um...stain of passion...on the black dust ruffle of my bed. I'm sure it would wash out.. The large yellow stain on my friend's white comforter. I don't expect them to wash the comforters daily...but it's white. Don't have white comforters if you aren't going to keep them white.. The electrical outlets that were so loose that our phone chargers wouldn't stay in them.. The shower that barely gave hot water and pelted us with hard water - it felt like we were being sandblasted.. . I also really liked that we checked in at 11 AM and there was a tray of gross fruit in the hall a few doors down from us. It was still there at midnight.. . My friend had stayed here before - she said it was nice, but she stayed in another wing. Maybe there are nicer rooms here, but the one we had was definitely not, and DEFINITELY not worth $220!
Big Mistake.  Apparently none of the workers at this hotel feel that they have a job to do.  When first room was not exceptable contacted front desk she gave me a new room at 159.00 total for room cost.  Lateron found out this was a upgrade charge.  I specificially asked her 4 times if this was the total room charge.  She said yes.  Bonk not so!!! In my attempt to correct this I have been on the phone 22 times to correct this and being on hold the majority of these conversations of up to 15 minutes.. My phone was also stolen by the individual across the hall.  it was outside my door.  However Sgt Robertson who I spoke to told me this was not lost and found.  And no one told him about it!!! Go back to playing solitare moron!  Checking in and Checking out  has extremely long lines and very unorganized.  To get to the pool is a major walk.  Rather stay at the travel lodge with the pool outside the door.  MGM is so yesterday!
What can I say, the celebrity suite was unquestionably the worst hotel experience i have ever had. We ordered a non smoking room and as soon as we walk in, there literally was smoke coming out of the room. We complained and they said they would take care of the problem by sending up a machine to clean everything.  Well I didn't realize that this machine would be a young bell boy with a can of febreeze that honestly did not work. Also, I did not enjoy the 19 inch Panasonic tv from the mid 90's. This hotel did not live up to it's name.  Never again.
Carpet in the room and hall ways were disgusting, by the time you walked from the shower to the bed your feet were black. You can walk around the hotel and see every where some one puked or spilled something. The sheets were stained, hair from the previous guest was still in the shower drain. The  TV was about 15 Years old. I stayed in the "west" wing. Seemed dark and confining. Upon checkin, we were sent on a long confusing maze to get to our room, turned out there was s much shorter way to get there. Wifi was good but it cost $18. A day.
For some reason they did not have my reservation that I paid for through Amex. They blamed Amex, Amex blamed them. At the end of the day, I paid and got a room but they took no responsiblity or even tried to make it better. No customer service, the people were mostly rude. The only nice person there was at the buffet. An ok buffet if you like buffets... but over all, this place is out dated. If Joel Robuchon was not there, I would not bother going there at all.  So many other great hotels to try at around the same place. My sister stayed across the street at the Tropicana and that place was way more updated than MGM and at a better price.
DIRTY!!! YUCK! We booked the Celebrity Suite, and ewww yuck it was dirty. You could see the dirt/ disgustingness on a dark blue couch in the suite.  Box TVS. Dirty carpets and tile.  We checked out 20 minutes after we checked in, and they still charged us for the 3 nights we had booked when they said that they wouldn't (we are in the midst of getting ahold of their billing department).  We then went to the Signature and the Venetian and it cost us just as much as they were charging at the MGM but their rooms were clean and luxurious. DON'T BOOK HERE. DISGUSTING!
Never again will I be going to the MGM Grand. I had a terriable experiance here.  This review is more about the hotel rooms and teh staff than the hotel as a whole. I will say that i went to their pool and it was ok. Nothing special. They have a lazy river but it is always overly crowded and sort of a meat market. The staff at the pool was nice and when there was a lighting storm they immediatley had every guest get out of the pool. . I went to Las Vegas for my bachelorette party. We decided to stay at the MGM Grand because the cost for the hotel rooms were pretty decent.  We checked in on a Thursday. When we went to the front desk to check in, we immeditatley received horrbible customer service. The gentleman at the front desk was very unwelcoming. We asked if he would be able to upgrade us since it was my bachelorette party. He was able to do this for an extra fee. We decided to do this since it would end up being a larger room. He let us know that our card would not be charged until check out. (which he was incorrect about. I received a call from my fiancee why there was a charge for $800 about 5 minutes after we checked in. I had to straighten that out with teh front desk the next morning) He then asked us what our plans for this evening and we told him that we would be going to Tao for dinner. He gave us a disgusted look and told us that he had never been there but heard horrible things and that our dinner choice was a bad one. We then asked if he had any suggestions and he did not respond. He handed us our room keys and that was it.... nice was to start the weekend. . . . . . We went up to our room and we were blown away by how HOT our room was. I ran over to air condition and saw that it was on the coldest and highest setting. We thought since it was a larger room, maybe it needed more time to cool down. The lighting in teh hollywood suite was akso very, very dim. It was extremley hard to see much of anytihng in our room. We went out that night and when we came back, it was still so hot. it was compleltley miserable. On top of that, we could not locate the light switch to turn off the main light in the bedroom.It was about 4 am but we called the front desk in hopes that someone could help us. The woman on the other line was just as bad as the gentleman at the fron desk. She must have thought we were dumb, drunk people who were being stupid. I completley understand asking someone how to turn off the light might sound like a stupid question but we seriously could not find the light switch. We also asked her if she could send someone up to help us with our air condition as it was very hot in our room. She said someone would be up shortly...Well obviously shortly can mean very different times to different epople. A Half hour later we were still waiting for someone to come up to our room. We called about 5 more times and each time the lady would either tell us what we wanted to hear, hang up the phone or just transfer us to another department(i.e. house keeping, maintence or the food service...) very odd behavior for someone working in customer service. I get that they probably get alot of drunk phone calls in the middle of the night/early morning but  if you have someone working at that time, then i would suggest they be helpful to the people paying to stay at your hotel. FINALLY someone came to our room by 5am. He searched and searched but he too was not able to turn off the light in the main room. He asked us if he could just break the light. He almost did until he called someone else and was able to find teh light swtich; which was behind the armour. He said he had never seen something like that. He also had no idea how to fix the air condition. Great.... . After sweating through the night from the intense heat, we left  to talk to someone in person at teh front desk. A different gentleman  tried to help us with our air condition problem. He said someone would go up shortly and that we did not need to be in the room while he was fixing it...We decided to leave for an afternoon of shopping. When we came back the room was completley miserable! It was just so hot. We called teh front desk again and the woman suggest we move to anotehr room. Fantastic. So they moved us....right next door. The room was just as hot and miserable and the room was in worse condition: Lamps did not work, plugs were burnt out, furniture was broken and the air condition did not work. We then called the front desk to explain o ur dilemma and about 45 minutes later, anoterh maintence guy came up. He was in our room for about an hour and finally fixed the air condition. . . . I have never had such a bad experiance at a hotel. I have never felt so un-welcome. I will NEVER go back to the MGM Grand.
Had a late check in and instead of the room that I booked, we were put in an "upgraded" room which was a downgrade in my opinion. As if this weren't enough reason to be irritated, the carpets and walls were thrashed and had looked like they had never been cleaned. Complained but no one cared. Will never stay at MGM again. Plenty of other great hotels in Vegas.
Here is the reason for the one star rating... . . The West Wing Tower rooms are terrible! I was given a room with a view of the tour bus parking lot which we could hear all night. I was right across from some pipes that were making noise about every hour. The chair and bed both had paint on them from what looks to be a sloppy repainting job on the ceiling. The bathroom shower area was filthy with soap scum and also leaked when the shower was on. There was also no ironing board provided which made me late to my dinner reservation because I had to have one brought to me. . . I went down to the lobby to ask for another room of any kind, even offered to pay more to upgrade myself but was told that they couldn't do anything and that I'd have to wait until tomorrow morning and then hopefully they could move me. . . No effort was made to make me happy. No discount and no comp of any kind. Not even a 2-for-1 breakfast! Very Poor Customer Service. . . I will not be returning to the MGM Grand. If you go, avoid the West Wing rooms at all costs.
I had not been to the MGM since they had the amusement park. . I have to say I never want to go there again. What a circus. I went to a concert at the MGM Grand Areana, but you have to go thru the entire place to get there. . I know casinos are loud and crowded, but this seemed way over the top crowded and noisy. Kids all over the place. When did this become ok? People walking thru the casino in their swimwear with no coverups and no shoes. All I kept thinking was if these fools step on glass and get hurt they will be the first to sue. Is this the new casino attire? . A huge manaic on a scooter going very fast almost knocking folks over. Then I see this manaic at the concert sans scooter, funny he was walking fine then. . Where are the people in charge of this asylum? Perhaps hiding? . I do not care what show or restaurant is there, this was the last time for me. . I had just come from dinner at Mandaly Bay and it was the exact opposite of this, people had clothes and shoes on imagine that.
My boyfriend and I stayed here at the end of July and unfortunately the trip was tainted from the moment we checked it. Since we are both on a bit of a budget we shopped around for the best rates/promos we could find. It came down to Treasure Island or the MGM. We settled on the MGM because we had not stayed there before and the rates (with promo) were reasonable. Upon check-in, we were asked for our airline ID and informed that the promo was for airline employees only. Now this was never mentioned at any point in the promo or on the MGM website when we booked. The staff informed us that they could not honor the promotion and would have to charge us the regular rates. Needless to say we were shocked. I told them it wasn't our fault that the hotel wasn't able to manage their own promotions. The clerk then proceeded to tell me to calm down or he would call security. At this point I walked away. After several minutes of the manager explaining the situation to my boyfriend, she "graciously" offered to honor two nights at the promo rate but told him they would have to charge us full value for the second night, AT A COST OF $450. That's more than the entire trip was supposed to cost. In the end they finally agreed to give us the room at a slightly higher rate than what was booked. And that they had upgraded us to a strip view room (strip view meaning the back of the hotel with a slight view of the corner of the strip) to compensate for the misunderstanding.. . With the check-in ordeal out of the way we made our way up to the room. The room was large and clean but slightly outdated. The first thing we noticed was that even though we had a non-smoking room, on a non-smoking floor, it was filled the smell of marijuana coming in from the adjoining room. We had to sleep with a towel at the base of the door just to sleep at night. Yes, we know that Vegas is a party town... but go smoke on the smoking floor.. . As for cleanliness, it took housekeeping two days to finally clean our room and bring us fresh towels, after 6 hours of exhausting walking we were shocked to find our room wasn't cleaned by 4pm. Maybe it took a while to clean up the pot room next door. Another shocking find in the room was that the shower would flood the bathroom every time it was used. And by flood I don't mean a little bit of water. The entire floor would be covered with water. We had to use some of our towels to mop up the water.. . As for the rest of the hotel, it was nice and clean although quite large and confusing in comparison to some of the others on the strip. We ended up walking in circles trying to get out. . . We are quite disappointed in the way the trip went because Vegas has special meaning for us and we were hoping for a nice getaway. Unfortunately, the MGM saw to it that that was not the case. In the end, we both agree that we will never stay here again.
I stayed at MGM June 21st through the 24th for business trip. When we pulled up in the car, not one person came to help with the bags. Next, when I got to my room on the 10th floor, I noticed a large 'gross' red stain on the carpet, bedding, and bed skirt. I called the desk and was told I would just have to wait for housekeeping to clean it due to the hotel was 'booked up'. I didn't like that answer but figured I had no choice. Waited for 45 min or so and not one person came to clean up the nasty mess. I found a maid in the hall, asked her to come to my room to see if she could help me with a problem. I showed her the stains & she told me she knew of the stains but thought someone else had cleaned it up. I asked her why could the hotel rent the room knowing it was not ready and was gross. She did not answer, left and I did not see her again. I waited a little longer whereas my employer called the desk. I was then moved from the 10th floor to the 20th floor which is a smoking floor. I don't smoke nor do I tolerate it well. But...i figured if there were not gross bloody looking stains on the bedding... i was better off. The new room was stale smelling, smokey and had cig burns all over it. I am very very disappointed with the appearance and service of the MGM. Four years ago, it was a premier hotel.... now it's more of a dive.
WORST STAY IN VEGAS! . . I would call myself and experienced Vegas Visitor since I come here about once every month, and I gotta say this is one of the worst Hotels here together with the Harrahs Hotel. . . I paid $170 for one night, for a basic room. The room does't look comparable to other Vegas rooms, itlooks just like any Best Western Hotel. The TV is older than I am, and I can't even just take a shower cause it is clogged. I mean really??? . . I called the technicians and after waiting 20 minutes, I called the front desk explaining them the problem and that I am in a hurry since I have a dinner appointment. The lady just says hold on a moment and transfers me back to the technician department. That's really great service. . . If you want an advice, DO NOT STAY HERE if you can afford better. I rather pay $30 more for an amazing (basic) room at Vdara or even Flamingo instead of this crappy place here.
My 1st and last time staying at MGM. This was the worst hotel I've ever stayed at in Vegas. I'm glad I decided to hop hotels this vacation or I would've been miserable the whole time. First, upon checking in, the pretentious desk clerk was rude right from the start, with his nose high-in-the-sky the whole time. He assigns me my room after I told him it was my first time staying here and he gave me keys without pointing me in the right direction. The rooms are so far away from everything. So after about an hour of trying to find my room, I finally find the general hallway and it's disgusting! He put me in the west wing which is totally gross! I put up with it since it was only for one night and at a great rate. The halls look like skid row. The walls and carpets are very dark, gloomy, and have funky smells.. . When I walk into my room, it is worst. Again it's very dark and gloomy, even with every light on. The entire room is smaller than your standard hotel room, the bathroom is terrible for getting ready in (if you're a girl), and at about 3am I found cockroaches!!IIICK! I ended up switching rooms but same scenario in the new room. Once again, the desk clerks could care less.. . The only plus of staying in the West Wing at MGM is that you can get the hell out of there.. . The pools were ok; the lazy river was small, nothing like Casino Morongo's in San Bernardino. Wet Republic was cool but you still had to pay a cover even if you're a guest at MGM. LAME. Hard Rock doesn't make you pay a cover if you go to Rehab. The limits on the gambling floor were also pretty high so I didn't gamble here as much.. . This was the first and last time I'll ever stay at MGM. It blows.
Worst stay in Vegas......don't waste your time at MGM. The only plus side is the pool, though we bought 2 bottled waters 10 feet from the pool entrance for $10 and were told we couldn't bring them in.  Why weren't we told that when we bought them in our swimsuits?. . Prepare to get nickel and dimed the entire time you are here. We requested a wine opener and 2 wine glasses  to be delivered to our room and were told the fee would be $7 for the opener, $2 a glass, and $4 for delivery.....ridiculous! . . The staff was rude and horrible to deal with. Long lines everywhere, the front desk and concierge was always a 20 minute wait and on top of it unpleasant to deal with.. . Spend an extra $20 a night to stay at a hotel that treats their guests right, I will never return to MGM and refused to gamble or spend any money in the hotel while we were here.
I have not stayed at MGM.  Stayed at Signature for I heart radio music festival- we only slept at Signature and were at MGM all weekend, so my reviews are strictly for everything EXCEPT the rooms. .  . 1. Pool- We floated the lazy river.  My husband and I are twenty somethings and expected a "normal"  (adult) vegas pool.  The lazy river  felt identical to a KIDS WATER PARK.  They shuffle you through like cattle (kids), and send you on your way.  The only restaurant at the lazy river is kiddie park style... you wait in a line of metal aisles, place your order at the window and wait for your number.  The "pool bar" is the same way.  Next come the pool lockers!  I'll admit, they were very handy when you get to the river and realize, "why did I bring my purse, I'm floating a river and won't be in the pool right next to my belongings that I can keep an eye on all day".  Thank God for the lockers.  They are in broad daylight- not in the back of some wet room, so they were in great view of everyone and I trusted no one would break in.  Next come the TUBES!  Tube rental to float the river was a ridiculous $16.00/each.  I will say there was AMPLE seating- no one wants to hunt for a layout chair or place to eat!  Especially when you're walking around in wedge heels and a bikini trying to suck in and look good.  Lots of seating (+)!  The river itself is pretty narrow.  This wouldn't be a problem if 3/4 of the crowd weren't using it as a pool and parked on the sides.  We just bumped into everyone, but we didn't care.  What we did care about were the kids.... I've never seen so many kids at a Vegas pool in my life... with their mom... on an apparent girls weekend and didn't care if her 7 year old intentionally kicked and splashed everyone.  Bummer :(.  Babies in floats coming by you, kids diving for rings... I. Am. Not. Kidding.  In Vegas in September, I expect to spent majority of my time at the pool, and I will definitely not be back to this one.  . . PROS:. 1.Poolside drink service was AWESOME!! They have servers all over and get your drinks quickly.. 2. You can drink in the pool!! Some hotels these days (ahem, ARIA!) won't even let you get 2 feet near the pool with a drink.  They provided clear plastic cups and we were set.  . . CONS. 1. Kids :(. 2. Felt like we were at disney world, but I guess MGM never claimed to be a high end luxory hotel. 3. Someone pooped in the pool... or vomitted...r so we heard- first came the life guards yelling, then came everyone rushing out of the pool, which was closed for the rest of the day.  Is it weird that this is not the first time I've witnessed this in Vegas??. . 2. Shopping-Do not expect to find anything nicer than Forever 21 clothes in MGM.  Cheap glitter dresses and plastic heels are about all you'll find.  Oh and Ed Hardy hats :). . 3. Sports Book- we were in the sports book are for about 4 hours watching football.  Seating is a 4 on my scale, it was packed, you had to fight for a seat.  Cocktail servers were BEYOND terrible- that's why we ended up leaving.  $2,000 bet and you get 2 free drink tickets.  Not right if you ask me, but that's the rules.  SO here we are PAYING for drinks, and the service was awful. End of story.. . 3. Restaurants- MGM's only saving grace!!  PLENTY of dining options and they are all beautiful appointed.  We ate a Craftsteak which is awesome.  Also, dine at Diego which is HIGHLY underrated! The best Tex-Mex i've ever had. Really wish we could have tried out Shibuya sushi!. . Point being- I will only revisit MGM for a meal.
Skip this hotel.  Arrived to what I thougth was a spa room, except it was a smoking room.  What part of spa evokes smoking.  When I tried to move, they said they were sold out.  The operator offered me a 50 food credit which was something but really, a smoking room.  They did finally move me the next day but I'm still fried about the whole thing.  I found an actual cig lighter under the bed.  gross.  I will not be staying at this hotel again.
I didn't even get to stay at this hotel, thanks to their deceptive business practices and the idiots they employ at customer service. A day after booking a package that included two free show tickets, I called--confused by a website they linked to in an email I received--and was informed that every day of my package was a "blackout date," which is why I couldn't book any tickets. Huh? I picked the dates on the calendar popup ON THEIR WEBSITE where it said "check availability" and paid for a "winter entertainment package," then got a confirmation email saying to go pick out my show tickets.  After over an hour on the phone with probably six different people basically explaining how outrageous the whole situation was, they finally found tickets for me somehow and confirmed me for a date and time with seat numbers. I received a confirmation number and thought everything was fine. But then the next day they called me and said sorry, those ticket didn't exist, the confirmation number didn't confirm anything, and sorry that we wasted over an hour of your time yesterday but there's nothing we can do for you. Give me a fucking break. Cancelled my reservation, and now don't plan on seeing any show associated with them. I'd recommend you do the same.
Door was nearly impossible to open, key card never worked on the first try, light was broken in the room.
This place is awful...horrible cheap 1990 rooms, bad food and dingy environment. Stay away!
Simply too much money for what they offer.  The rooms are old and outdated (at least our wing was) Old CRT TVs, old toilets, tubs with problems and generally a lack of anything being nice and new.  (Again, for the money with what you can get elsewhere in Vegas) I didn't know it was so crappy like this at MGM so make sure you know and investigate before.  One positive is the bed was nice and comfy, but again, just too much money for what you get.  I will be staying elsewhere next year.
The room was completely out-dated & way over priced. I could have stayed in a much more modern two-room suite for the same price elsewhere. The tv was pathetically old, the shower was made for a midget (I am just over 6 feet tall & it hit my shoulders), and to top it all off they turned the water off on me for a couple of hours one day!. . They were apparently working on the wing they put me in because there was a lot loud noises all week long. . . For the inconvenience they offered me 15% off my NEXT stay but rest assured I will not be staying there again. I'd rather stay at Treasure Island or Planet Hollywood Westgate.
Absolutely horrible service! Half of my vacation was spent speaking to management!! The air is dust and polluted, I asked for a different room and was told no. My reservation was quoted lower than when I got there. WE HAD HAIR in our food from room service!!! And to top it off, 3 of the 5 days- our room was not cleaned by housekeeping. Letters were written and yet have heard nothing back. I was loyal to MGM until this past experience! Horrible!
I recently stayed at the MGM Grand (Nov. 18-20) and it was the worst hotel experience I've had. The room was fine, but I did have some of my items stolen after housekeeping came by. The hotel's Lost and Found department didn't seem to care and told me there was nothing they could do about the situation. I spoke to their head of security and filed a report, but he also didn't seem to care about my stolen items. Never again will I stay at that hotel.
The worst hotel check-in experience I have ever incurred. When we booked the room we asked for a celebrity suite with 2 beds and no smoking. We finally got to our room which was a suite with 1 bed that reeked like cigarette smoke. So we called guest services and asked to move into the room we originally booked. They told us they didn't have any two bed suites available. So they sent us down the hall to wait for security to let us into out 2nd room. We waited in the hall with all our bags for 10 minutes.  Upon arrival security let us in to our new room which was 2 beds, no smoking but not a suite. Very small. So we called guest services again and asked to be moved into a 2 bed non smoking suite like originally agreed upon. We waited in the hallway at our new room for 20 minutes. I called downstairs to see what the holdup was and the said they sent a bell hop to pick us up at our old room. Great communication guys. When we finally were let in to our 3rd room which was a 2 bed suite it smelled like someone smoked a carton of cigarette in there 15 minutes before we arrived. On to our 4th room. Glenda from guest services finally got us in the right room after 4 attempts. Her customer service skills were good and she was doing the best she could. The whole ordeal took us about two hours to check in. The  ball was dropped many times. In addition the rooms are very outdated with old cathode ray tube televisions.  You might remember them from before flat screens. Horrible. The beds weren't very comfortable either. Compared to other places in Las Vegas it's old and aged. I will never stay here again.
Never again.  When we first got there we saw dried light poop water splatters all over the toilet... inside and out.  We also saw menstrual blood on the seat and front of the bowl.  Called house keeping to clean and they a one-swipe shitty job.  The disgusting leftovers from the previous users were still there.. Save your money and go somewhere else.  I've been to quality inns way cleaner than the MGM.  Ewww.....  totally unacceptable.
MGM might have the finest poker room ever with the most charismatic dealers and the best Manager in the business(Mr.Boyd). But, they got a real problem at the rest of the casino and hotel. . . Last year reservations made a crucial mistake that cost me about $100. I made a reservation for a Saturday, and even told the agent that I wanted the room for SATURDAY and she confirmed the numerical date as well. When I arrived on Saturday, they had no reservation for me. The front desk agent who had a thick Eastern European accent was in a rotten mood due to the guests who she serviced before me being very out-of-line and difficult. She was still steaming when I got to her and she had abandoned all of her customer service and hospitality skills. Eventually, she had found out that the reservation agent had made my reservation for Friday. I insisted that it was mistake and she shouts: "WHY ARE YOU PEOPLE DOING THIS TO ME TODAY?". I could have interpreted the "you people"  remark as a racist remark, but didn't know if that comment was due to the fact that English didn't appear to be her first language. Eventually she told me that she was not going to charge me for a no-show on Friday and that she could check me in. That turned out to be a complete lie. I didn't catch it until recently, but I was looking though some bank statements and noticed that she in fact did charge me as a no-show. . . The casino floor is not that much better. I played blackjack for 4-6 hours a day, betting about $50 a hand for about two weeks in a row here, and my rewards card still has a comp balance of $0.00. I believe that this is one of those casinos where they do that Vegas style "age discrimination". Many Vegas casinos do not like to comp young people who are in their 20s, no matter how big they bet. They like to comp the geriatrics and seniors even though they may only play penny slots. There is no real rational reason why they do this but remember that since the corporations took over Vegas, they have been losing revenue due to their marketing department being full of unqualified pretty girls and trust fund babies whose Dad's had connections to get them in. . . I still would like to point out that the people who work at the gift shops are very nice and polite, and the dealers are all very qualified to work at such an upscale establishment. But, next time I have guests in town who I want to impress, I will absolutely never check them in at the MGM.
Terrible
About the casino : my friend put $5 on a machine, she tried to play and the machine said we have to call someone for help. the person came maybe 5 minutes after and told us that we lied ! YES she did !. and guess what the next day, we put 1 dollar in a machine and the same thing happen, we had to wait again few minutes, a person came and called another person, like for 10 minutes we waited and we got our dollar back.... seriously ?!. About the lion habitat : well it is nice, but it is a little sad to see the lions in such a little place... but it is cool for us... They got some babies, very cute, and you can take pictures with them but the guy is so not friendly !
I am very disappointed. I get there with a few friends and it starts out nice. The lady and her trainee convince us that for almost the exact same price of the two deluxe rooms we reserved, that would have had two beds in each room, to upgrade to a suite since it was my cousins 21st birthday. I said before we do it, can you please write down how much it would be. I told them TOTAL... Resort fee, taxes, EVERYTHING... please. I explained this cost would be divided by 4 people and that I would be putting up the amount on my credit card and they would give me cash. Instead of $125 for each person for both nights, they told us it would be about $140-$155 a night. I ask them to please print it out for me and they told me sorry, they only print out the form when I check out. I ask them if they can write it on a piece of paper and they do. It was about $580 and some change They write it down and circle the amount. I AM LITERALLY THINKING that the entire cost of our trip is now $580... but I later find out no, that it wasn't but don't know that yet. We decide, why not. One guy will sleep on the couch and two people will share a bigger bed. Who cares... Better suite, right? After given the keys, we head to our room to find out they write down the wrong room number. We cant get in... So we go back down and they tell us not room 421, it's 241 and apologize. No biggies, it's their first mistake. When we finally get into our suite and it's pretty sweet. Great view. Great set up. After a few hours we see a couple of minor problems. Some small but funky smell from behind the couch, one towel that was folded up nicley, already used. NASTY. We being a bunch of college aged guys, didn't care to call and tell them... The two nights we stayed there were chill. Finally, we go to check out before 11 and I am shown a bill for $700 something minus the deposit they charged me from when I made the reservation ($95 for each night) to be something like $580 and im confused. Why didn't the deposit count against the $580. They told me the TOTAL price included (the exact words) Everything would be $580. I ask to speak with the person that upgraded me and my friends. (They aren't working.) I ask to speak with the manager (There is nothing she can do). I tell her, very politely, that the only reason why we upgraded was because of the small price difference in rooms. Why go from $125 per person to about $190 per person. We wouldn't have agreed to that. After continuing to explain myself, she types some stuff on the computer and is able to lower the bill by about $50. I argue with her as politely as I can explaining that I, not my friends, will have to eat this because the money they gave me was prior to their drinking and gambling and have $0 in their pockets. I was left with paying a majority of the room. MGM Grand never again. I hope someone who works for them contacts me to correct this because Video will show them writing the amount on a piece of paper, us going to the wrong room. I dont know what else to say. I really wish they stuck to the words they told me from the beginning.
We reserved expensive room but the room was nasty, bathroom shower was broken, and old! They need to remodel or do something...
Pools and hot tubs closed -all of them.. No coffee maker in the room - excuse, "fire hazard". . At check out, they'd added $20/night resort fee, on top of the prepaid room charges -excuse, "phone and Internet service" (can't be for the pool, right?). . All in all, a really bad "deal".
I was appalled at how I was treated by MGM Grand. I was disappointed by the hotels service at every turn of my experience. My husband and I arrived on Valentine's Day to check into our hotel at 6:30pm. After waiting 20 minutes in line and then another 10 minutes for the rep to go talk to the manager, she finally informed us that our room (a celebrity spa suite) was not available. She offered to put us in a bungalow suite (TBD on whether this room was of equal or better value than what we booked and paid for), but that it wouldn't be ready for at least an hour. To her credit, she did offer us $100 credit in food/beverage at the hotel but since I was there for a conference, most of my food was already covered either by conference meals or expensable by work. But whatever... Since we didn't have a room to change, we were forced to change in the bathroom and check our bags with the bell hop in order to get to our dinner reservation on time (which also couldn't be cancelled since it was Valentine's Day). She rep promised that they would call me once our room was ready, but 4 hours later, we still hadn't received any call, so I called them only to be told that it still wasn't ready. It was 10:30pm at that point, and I had an early morning conference to get to. After some arguing it was discovered (after being on hold for 15 min and having to wait another 10 minutes for them to call me back) that the room was ready, it just wasn't showing as ready in their system. . . So we finally get into our room at 11pm. We decide to order room service in advance for breakfast the next morning, but the phone in our room doesn't work, so I call the hotel on my cell. But they refuse to take my order since I haven't called them on an in-hotel phone. We sit on hold for several minutes while we argue with the manager (again) that all we want to do is order breakfast for the next morning and go to bed. Finally, they're able to accommodate  us, but only after they put us on hold 3 times and disconnected us twice.. . Luckily in the morning the food arrived on time (15 min early, actually) and they replaced our phone. Great to finally have something go right! . . That night, we decide to order breakfast in advance again. We wait on hold for room service for 5 minutes and then the man who takes our order is rude and insists that the Grand Breakfast only comes with your choice of pork or chicken sausage OR bacon OR ham -- despite the fact that the menu states (quoting word-for-word), "pork or chicken sausage, bacon or grilled ham" and the night before we'd ordered pork sausage and bacon. After 15 minutes of arguing, they finally consented but insisted we were wrong and the in-room dining captain we'd ordered from the night before was wrong in giving us that. At this point, we're arguing on principle. If you only get the choice of one meat instead of two, maybe they should change the wording on the menu? . . What's the most frustrating is that throughout the entire process, I think we only heard one single apology. At every other encounter with a an employee we heard arguing and disdain. I work in customer service and know full well what a difficult job it is, but I've also learned that a sincere apology will go a long way. . . Needless to say that we'll never be staying here again an will actively recommend that our friends and co-workers (I work for an airline) stay far, far away.
Stayed at MGM grand for two nights during a business trip this week, and I'm glad I know never to stay at this hotel again.  There was nothing but mishaps and poor service all around.. . I checked in around 6pm and was told they had given away the Bungalow Suite I reserved (although I wonder if this is true now that I read some of the other reviews here?) and instead of offering an upgrade they decided to downgrade me instead to a standard room (and it wasn't just me, at least 2 other people had the same problem; front desk said they oversold for Valentines day...why is it so hard to only sell the amount of suites they actually have?).  To make matters worse they didn't even offer me anything to make up the difference (the suite I paid for was $20 more than a standard room), so I had to ask if I would be refunded the difference and the front desk said "well you already have the $65 dining credit" ....which was part of their current promo that everyone gets, whether they purchase a suite or not.  They did eventually offer to waive my resort fees and they gave me a mini fridge for free as well (which was old and came on this ugly cart, it was such an eye sore), but the fact that theydidn't offer it up front shows how little they value their customers.. . The room was newly renovated and I did like the decor and colors in the room; they at least attempted to make it look a bit more "swanky" than your average hotel decor. But when I go there was no remote for the TV, so they brought one up and that didn't work, so they brought up another one and that one didn't work either...and it turned out that the TV just didn't work at all, even though it was a brand new flat screen (the rooms were only renovated 3 weeks ago).  They said 3 other TVs had done the same that day offered to send up an engineer, but it was almost 9:00 and my show was ending anyways, so I didn't want someone in my room that late.. . The second day of my stay I was set to move to the suite I paid for, they told me it would be ready between 11 and 3, which of course turned into a "wait until 3".  So I wait until 3, go to the front desk to get my key, they already KNOW that I've left my things in the room and will be moving them over, so what do they do?  They lock the room.  So I call security (twice) and it takes them 20ish minutes to come up and unlock the room for me so I can get my stuff out.. . And there was no apology from security, or anyone else that I spoke with except the guy at the front desk when  I checked out.  In general, most of the staff I spoke with on the phone (security, operator, in room dining, etc) had bad attitudes and just sounded bored.. . The suite was nice enough, it didn't have a kitchenette unfortunately, and the decor was blah (it didn't even have a flat screen tv), but at least it was spacious and came with a robe and slippers.  . . Things I did like -- the easy access to the monorail and the food court.  Their rates are great too; but it's not worth the hassle.
All isnot well in the Emerald City of Las Vegas. It seems that the nickel and dime mentality has settled in here leaving guests wondering what other unforeseen charges or overlooked amenities will be discovered.  I DO NOT recommend staying here. My friend and I have had too many unpleasant surprises in just two days. It is a shame really that a  prominent hotel like this has sunk to cheapness and frankly, some dishonesty thrown in. We are here attending a convention and the convention center itself has been wonderful. It is sparkling clean, with great meeting rooms and halls. Our time at the convention is enjoyable without a doubt. But then...... . Something is incredibly amiss at the hotel. The MGM is undergoing construction and that is part of the problem This is a BIG reason to avoid this place for now. Their website attempts to gloss over this fact. It says that the MGM is getting a "grand renovation" and then proceeds to tell you to check out what is new. Oh how exciting!  However, it isn't the kind of excitement you want; a letter placed on your bed, informing you to expect construction noise as well as the water supply being shut off on certain days. Why are guests paying $200 a night and being checked onto a floor where the water is being shut off? This is truly a first for me. For this incredible inconvenience (which you pay for) you receive a letter thanking you in advance for understanding the difficulties of renovating this hotel. They offer you a 15% discount on a future stay....WHAT!  After checking in and being encouraged to spend an additional $15 per day to experience the "grand renovation' experience, you get your water shut off and construction noise during the day! When I called guest services to ask for my 15% discount today, I was lectured on how unemployment is a problem and I should be glad that the hotel did not close to renovate. Can it get any more bizarre? Is there a Wizard behind a curtain spinning politically correct excuses in this Emerald City? Is this mega-million dollar corporation so greedy that it cannot absorb a few empty rooms?   How about closing one wing? How about honestly updating future guests on your website like other hotels do that there is construction going on and it may be noisy, and for this inconvenience we are offering a sale?  Is it because there is deeply planted nickel and dime antics going on? The strict mini fridge "touch it and you own it" rule, charging $50 per day if any personal items are found in this fridge(I guess rental fee added to $200?) , $10 fee for $80 ATM withdrawal, lack of in-room coffee maker, and mandatory resort fee of $25 per day, even though the "resort" pools and grounds are closed for the season, are all signs of a grand hotel where the customer comes last. Any good things about my stay? The hotel is clean and the staff is exceptionally pleasant, but one can hardly notice these things when one is staying in a hell of a renovation resort. We have 4 more days here. We will update you on whether the MGM Grand is Grand enough to discount our stay for this inconvenience of renovation,  or instead,  will be passing out complimentary construction hats.  Stay tuned, and stay away!
This place was horrible.  The room was a deluxe.  No coffee maker.  Dirty bathroom and you can hear people from the rooms on both sides talking.  The water was shut off from 11 AM till 4PM with no notice up front.  We went into the room after gambling all night to get a voice mail at 4 AM.  The manager was rude and disrespectful,  We had not used the room but, she refused to refund if we left.  She lied and said the hotel was fully booked and when we told her the clerk said there were rooms available she said, "Oh, that was nice of her."  What a joke.. . Tried to save a buck.  You get what you pay for.  Low rates = Low class service.  Motel Six MGM!  Never go budget again!
Horrible Valentines Day experience!! I booked a "Celebrity Spa Suite" over 2 weeks before the day. We got there right at check in time (3:00pm) and waited 45 min JUST to get up to the counter! These lines weren't long by the way. I get up there to find out they don't have my room or "any king beds in the whole hotel!" They offered me a "Bungalow Queen" which is certainly a downgrade! It's Valentines Day I want a king! I was told its not a downgrade because it's still a suite. Pssh... That just means a couch in a sitting area apparently, and wonky lights.  Manager ended up giving us a food and beverage credit which we made sure to use ALL of! . . Don't make a reservation here... They might not have it when you get there!
MGM Grand Signature hotel wants to be an upper class hotel on the strip but you can't be upper class if the room is nice, but you hire hoods with attitudes to work with customer facing jobs.  Customer service and hospitality seem to have taken a vacation some time ago and has not returned.  They will yes you to death and do absolutely nothing.  Front desk staff has no authority to do anything but smile.   This was a huge surprise to me because I expected better.  That's what I get for thinking the more you pay the better service you get.  I got that way wrong!  You're better off going to any other hotel except this one.
They messed up our Suite... we booked it online and when we showed up Friday 3/16/12, they didn't have it for us.. . SERIOUSLY?!. . They gave us 2 smaller rooms instead and $100 credit for both rooms each night. . . Well.. can you just credit the rooms instead? . . No.. just the $100 credit for both rooms each night so you have a total $400. . . This is effin bulls*@#! Everyone has to split up now rather than having one huge suite to party in. And they won't even credit our rooms!!. . Oh well.  Guess that's $400 to spend on alcohol!!
Not impressed by the MGM. Our room smelled like an ashtray and when we asked to be moved they tried to up sell us to a suite or down grade us with no credit. When I argued about this to the front desk person they disappeared for 5 min came back and again tried to up sell me. We were staying 2 nights so I asked for one night with the queen bed and the second in an upgraded suite... well it seems that we do have a room available to move you after all. Surprise surprise.. The MGM seemed old and still use tube TV's and the overall vibe was not that of the other hotels were were walking around.. We stayed our first 3 night at Circus Circus and had a great time.
We arrived at the hotel, and the wait was not bad to check in. We got up to the room and it was disgusting. The glasses had lipstick stains, and the bathroom wall was disgusting. We immediately went downstairs and the receptionist told us that they didn't have any rooms. So we asked her to at least send someone up to clean the room, and she went and talked to a manager. TADA! A new room magically opened up. This room wasn't much cleaner, but at least the glasses were cleaned and we have a remote control. We got comped a Buffett, but really it doesn't make up for the disgusting rooms and the mediocre service. We will stay elsewhere next time. Disgusted.
The room stunk like smoke even though it was a non smoking room.  They also charge you a resort fee of $25 or so to use their pools and business center. The sad part about that was,  we weren't told that we were being charged.  We left with a very sour feeling of the MGM Grand.  . . Also, very low water pressure for shower.
I made a reservation on Jan 6, 2012 for a suite the weekend of June 8-10 at a great rate and had to pay the full amount up front.  This past weekend my reservation was cancelled claiming that my room was no longer available even though I booked 5 months in advance of my trip.  Presumably so MGM can rebook the suite at a higher rate.  I will gladly take my business elsewhere on the Strip.
So many great locations in Vegas it seems like a shame to waste your money here. I come here for conferences and always dread the half our trek it takes to get anywhere within the hotel (especially from room to conference center). Most of the hotel feels outdate, I'm not sure they're doing anything to restore the rooms and hotel. A better slogan for MGM would be "There's a charge for thtat". Charge for storing your personal belongings in the mini-fridge, charge for using the pool, resort fees. Customer support and their mobile site are also pretty useless.. . EDIT. Came back from the strip to find all my personal belongings missing from my room. Took two hours for staff to track them down and then acted like I was crazy for misplacing my belongings. Thanks MGM, very classy.
GHETTO. . Thank you and Goodnight.  Avoid this place unless you like the chances you wont make it out alive.  . . Especially if its a fight weekend.  Every wild animal and they mama will be up in there.  MGM, I dont like you.  Nope.
I WILL NEVER GO BACK TO THIS PLACE EVER AGAIN !!! NEVER !!!. . I booked my room with Expedia and I specifically asked for a non-smoking room (it even showed so in the receipt from Expedia) however when I got to the hotel the receptionist told me that "that's only a request and they are not obligated to do that". They were very rood when I asked for a nonsmoking room and they tried make me pay for a "oops I see a nonsmoking suite but you'll have to add $50 a night" and also they changed the "resort fee" to $30 a day!!! . now you would think that's it but wait... there's more. . They charged me for alcohol in the mini bar which I didn't take - and they charged me twice !!! for the same thing which I didn't use!!! . and as I already paid for the resort fee when I arrived they charge me (yes again) when I checked out for the same resort fee!! . . so I asked to talk to the manager for whom I needed to wait 45 minutes and after an hour of insisting he finally was convinced I didn't use the mini bar (I never do). . So after I got back from my vacation what do I see in my credit card records? YES they charged me twice for the mini bar and twice for the resort fee. . seriously I don't think a hotel should act like that - I'm never going back there and I told all of my friends that and now I'm telling you. . . so just to summarize:. 1. it's far from everything on the strip, so if you wanna go to a good show you have to walk a lot which is still faster than taking a cab cause you get all the traffic on the strip.. . 2. they take resort fee which is a lie - basically a way for them to take money for nothing.. I stayed at the Flamingo hotel before and they didn't take any imaginary fee!! . . 3. the reception clerks are idiots - sorry I can't find any other words to describe them. oh and of course the managers are not much better.. . save yourself a horrible experience - don't go to MGM !!!!
I have to say their customer service is a 0.5 star. I was calling to confirm my reservation at L'Atelier de Joel Robuchon. Whoever I was talking to on the phone definitely either doesn't like her job or not in a good mood at all..
The hotel was under construction and I was awoken at 7:00 AM to hammers and power tools.  I changed rooms to be put in another room that had excessive construction noise as well.  I then changed rooms again to one that was finally quite.  Of the 4 or 5 staff members I spoke with most could care less and simply said "they weren't supposed to make noise until 9:00 AM".  I also had a few bug bites on me from my stay which makes me a bit worried. . . Also, there were resort fees in the fine print of my resrvation and even though mine said the fitness center was included in the resort fees, they told me that was a mistake and would not honor it.. . My only positive was the pool was decent.  I still would never stay there again.
My friends and I decided to give MGM a try even though we're regulars at Encore and the Venetian for our trip this time around. We stayed from June 8th-11th. It was the same weekend as EDC and the Pacquiao fight so we knew it was gonna to be a busy weekend. However, what my friends and I didnt expect was all the issues we had in getting our room and keeping our room. Their systems were down so there was a long wait, but when we were finally assigned a room we were upgraded, which was nice until my friends went up and found out there was already a guy in there. So fine, mistakes happen, we were then downgraded back to the originally booked room, but our keys didn't work. Then after FINALLY getting into the room, a random stranger tried getting into our room telling us MGM assigned him to ours. Good thing we were inside the room, what would've happened if we were gone and strangers had taken our stuff? We left, had a bite to eat, and came back to find our keys not working AGAIN. Finally, after dropping by the concierge desk the fourth time, we had no more incidents our first day there.... Until the next day. A manager knocked on our door and let himself in without our consent and with the privacy tag attached in front of the door and he said our room didn't have a name or booking attached to it... Are you kidding me? There's a privacy sign outside our door first of all and we went down to the concierge multiple times after multiple screwups and you're telling me our room didn't even show up as assigned to us? This was our first and LAST time we are ever staying at MGM.
Brought my employees to Vegas for a trade show. When I arrived I bought some swimming trunks at the shop in the lobby. Today I left and never got to use the trunks ( still had the tag on them). When I tried to return them the lady in the shop was so rude to me saying I could not return swim warn even though it was obviously unused with the tag still on it. . . I just spent $3000 at this hotel and casino and I cant get a $28 return on an item.  . . Was going to get one of those mlife memberships as we will be returning three times a year to Vegas, but now I'm taking my business elsewhere.
I booked this hotel five months in advance for our wedding HORRIBLE!!! We booked a suite with a nice view of the strip but were given a room with a nice view of the parking lot!!! Apparently they had over booked. So we asked to be changed to a diffferent room. This time we were given a nice room but it was a smoking room. So again we asked for a room that was NON smoking. No luck unless we wanted a parking lot view. So we decided we would take the smoking room with a nice view. Except that during all the changing of rooms they ended up giving that room away to someone else!! The salon was just as hectic. I was due to have my hair and make up done three hours before the wedding. Disaster!!! I had informed the salon when booking the appointment that my hair was exteremely long. I was told that was no problem that there would be an additional charge for my hair being so long. Fine with me but the appointment took longer than the time they told me. TWO HOURS!!!! I was two hours behind schedule for my own wedding. I wish I could say that it was worth it but it WAS NOT!!
My girlfriend and I stayed for three nights at Mgm Grand. The first night before bed we looked at the sheets on the bed, and noticed hair all over the bed sheets. we also noticed heavy wrinkles and dirt stained sheets. Gross!!!!  It took over an hour to get the sheets changed by house keeping, we were sitting in our room at 1 am while they were doing this. I will never stay here again if this is how much they care for their guests!!! Mandalay bay would be my first pick next visit. Not a very "grand" stay let me tell you. In the hotel lobby area you will be greated by a octogon cage for fighting, a very tacky, un family like promotion of violence.
The only good thing about this hotel is the food at Wolfgang but that was it. Friends kept talking about MGM and I remember when MGM was opened so thought why not try it for mother's weekend. I took my mother, her best friend and her mother to MGM 2 queen bed suite. We met up with my mother's other friends who came so it was nice weekend for her. . . The service was rude from nearly the beginning. There was only one great woman at check in when we arrived early but she was replaced by a man who had no clue what to do and couldn't find our reservation, he needed help and was so slow. He took at least half hour. Not only that, my mother overhead him talking about us on the phone nastily like he thought we were making it up about our suite, she got so displeased and I had her to walk away. Then I had to get a manager to try to finish the check in process. Then went to the luggage section so they can check in our bags and the guy said no u have to go to other line but the couple behind us in the other line went to the guy and he checked in their bags! . . There was construction and no signs pointing where the strip was or anything else. It was very time consuming to ask workers how to get on strip or get to a specific location. Some of them pointed to the wrong way. . . We had to call twice and go down in person to request more clean towels. It was a suite yet no coffeemaker in the room. We had to go to Starbucks. . . The pool was nice but hotel should do more to clean up glass/beer can/bottles that fall in the lazy river. My mom gambled a bit and we ate in hotel, yet when I called the M life reward I found out NOT one was credited to my players card. It is as if we never were at MGM Grand. . . Next time I would stay in their sister hotels like New York (where I have stayed at least four times) or Mandalay Bay. Even Excalibur offered better services and was so friendly. There is an expo happening end of July and I already informed my friends NOT to go to this hotel. They will be staying at Luxor, Treasure Island, Planet Hollywood instead. MGM needs to implement a plan to improve their  customer service.
Let me just first say that I am EXHAUSTED. Not from being up all night or from a hangover, but from the construction noise. Construction noise directly overhead from 9am to 3pm is terrible. I'm on vacation, in Vegas; I wanted to sleep past 9am. The power was out one night. On Wednesday we didn't have water to our room from 11am-4pm. Please believe nothing was discounted or comped. . . We booked the room directly through the hotel because my husband wanted to make sure that we got a non-smoking room. When we arrived in Vegas at 3pm we were assigned to a smoking room. No go. Then we were told that another room was not going to be available to us for several hours and were given a phone number to call later to check on it. Several hours later we were in a room. It is a very standard/basic room. No fridge, minibar,  or coffee maker. The TV is an old hulking thing. The bed is very comfortable though (although it doesn't help much when you can't sleep for the noise.) The shower head could definitely be replaced.. . The casino is very large with a lot of options. You have to walk through a mall area to get to the pool (unless there is some secret, convenient passageway I couldn't find). I stayed at Mandalay Bay last time I was in town, and while more expensive, it was definitely more comfortable and enjoyable. The staff was much nicer, too. The one good thing about MGM is that it is central to a lot of the other hotels and casinos, so I was able to spend most of my time at NYNY, which I liked much better. . . Also, the lions are gone, so don't waste your time coming to look for them. . . There really isn't much here that has made up for the noise and irritation, and I will definitely book elsewhere next time I'm in Vegas.
Wow this place sucks.   Overpriced, small dingy rooms (I got stuck in the west wing despite paying the same as companions in the regular rooms).   Towels had holes and they forgot to lock my room after cleaning so when I came back it was unlocked.  I mean come on.   My favorite was when two of our party checked in and found out their rooms had no water due to construction.  When they complained and mentioned they should have been told they were told oh we don't know when it is going to happen.  I had heard about that .. random construction firms going into hotels and doing it on their schedule not the hotels.   Give me a break.  A truly bad hotel.
NO RUNNING WATER IN MY HOTEL ROOM. I flew to Las Vegas for a business trip. I checked into the MGM Grand hotel on Sunday, July 22, 2012. After around 5 hours later of checking into the hotel room and returning back to the room (from the trade show that I attended) there was a red light flashing on the hotel phone. It was a voicemail message letting me know that the whole wing that I was staying in would have no running water tomorrow, the next day between 11am-4pm. . How could they check people into a hotel room with no running water? . I called front desk and spoke to a very nice gentleman who transferred my call to a different department that handled my reservation.  I spoke to a woman (named (De****) and asked if we could be moved to another room because of no running water. De**** told me that I should call back in the morning to see if there would be any non-smoking room available.  I checked out early and ended up staying at a different hotel because of the front desk employee downstairs (letter starts with La*****") who was so rude about helping me find a different room.
Short summary: Stayed at the MGM a few times and everything was fine. This time...checked into room that smelled like marijuana and had trash on the table. Hot tub had dirty film. Oily fingerprints all over cabinets and sticky spots near TV. Spoke with manager who comped us $100/ waived resort fee but the room was not cleaned nor were we moved to a clean room. . . Second day: housekeeping asked if we wanted room cleaned which I replied yes, room was not clean when we returned in the late afternoon. Spoke with manager who increased the comp to $150. Room was supposed to be cleaned while we were at dinner which did not happen. At this point, gave up on having a clean room. Housekeeping eventually came and our room was clean at 10pm! . . When I arrived back in LA, looked at credit card bill; ended up getting charged for meal WITHOUT any comp AND the resort fee. Had to call my bank and credit card company to settle everything which took about 3 hours. . . Also called a few numbers to try to speak to higher management at MGM. Spoke to about 5 people before someone actually apologized and said she would email the corporate office about our experience. MGM seems to think comping their customers is the solution to the problem...the solution would have been to clean the room when we complained or move us. We will never stay at MGM again. . . The one thing that was fantastic at the MGM: Craftsteak!
First the very, very good:. . "Where it began, I can't begin to knowin' But then I know it's growing strong,,,". . You all know that Hubby is the grandest man in the entire world.  Over the Labor Day weekend, this wonderful life-partner surprised me with a trip to Vegas.  Some background...I am an absolute, unapologetic, diehard Neil Diamond fan.  When the series of concerts at the Greek were announced, I tried to get tickets, but alas, unless one was willing to sit out in the boonies and watch the entire concert on a jumbo screen, it wasn't meant to be.  Ditto with trying to score tickets at the local venue.  I was soooooo disappointed.  The man is 71 years old, and this was probably going to be his last concert tour.  So as the reviews from the Greek, Staples, and Honda Center were published - I moped.  Hubby suggests we spend the Labor Day weekend in Vegas.  Unbeknownst to moi, he had already booked flights and a room at the MGM Grand.  The Garden Arena at the MGM Grand is...well...GRAND.  What an unbelievable venue for a concert by a consummate professional performer like Neil Diamond.  Everyone was cheering and singing along - Sweet Caroline is so infective.  You don't need to be in Boston to experience the "So good, so good, so good!"  Yes, his voice isn't as sweet, but it's mature and mellow.  Very, very sexy!   It is huge, but the lighting and acoustics made it an intimate experience, albeit, with a couple thousand other fans!. .  "Sweet Hubby of mine, oh, oh, oh, good times never seemed so good...". . Now the not-so-good:. . "I am big, it's the pictures that got small!" (Norma Desmond, Sunset Boulevard). . Like the old dowager, the MGM has seen better days.  While Caesar's has continually upgraded to keep up with the Aria, Bellagio, and Wynn, seems that the MGM has slowly aged away on its corner of the strip.  The only thing it appears to have going is the entertainment it books into the Arena.  The ventilation in the entire casino is poor, overabundance of penny and nickel slots, restaurants that close early, and very few shops.  The Sunday buffet was very mediocre, albeit, what can one expect for $19.99 early-bird price.  Reminded me of a Sizzler buffet.  Our room was very small - all bed!  Bathroom counter was non-existent.  All this for $224 plus an added on $25 'resort fee'.  One just gets a feeling of old and dowdy.  This was not the MGM we stayed at many years ago.  The poor lion sitting in the boxing arena was chipped and dusty.  The former lush MGM green carpeting was stained and dirty.  We will never go back.  Only stayed here because we thought it would be convenient for the concert.
I've been to Vegas a few times... I stayed at the Grand for our last trip.  Our reservation was incorrect and we were put in a downgraded room.  They wanted more money to put us in a better room, but.  It was just frustrating.  Then the room we got smelled like food, all the time.  French fries in the afternoon/evening and bacon in the morning.  I think we were above one of the kitchens.  They moved us.  It was fine I guess, but not worth what we paid it just seems sort of old, smoke stained, and dirty.
I was forced to come here for a conference. When I booked my room I made it pretty clear I needed a non-smoking room because I am allergic to cigarette smoke. While the room itself is technically non-smoking the ONLY way to get to it is to walk through the giant, smoke filled casino. When I tried to explain to the front desk why I specifically requested a non-smoking room their only solution was to offer to "upgrade" me to a room that would cost $100/extra. That's like charging someone in a wheelchair extra money for a room that has access to an elevator instead of stairs. Beyond the complete lack of empathy from the front desk the room also loses stars for having an overly loud AC, no mini fridge and no coffee machine.
This stay was quite a memorable experience. This memory will be indelibly burned into me as "run away from here DO NOT stay at the MGM".. .  I'll do this by bullet points:. - The wait to check in on Saturday was unreal. They had three large crystal water dispensers on line...guess waiting for a room here is expected.. . - Once at the desk, we had to split our rooms because my mom is a smoker and I am not. I ordered two rooms the way I wanted, but he said that "These online reservation places do that" (yes he's talking about Orbitz or any others he can toss under the bus). So we had 2 non-smoking rooms. He told me that the smoking rooms were in another tower....and were $25 more. Bait and switch and he threw it at Orbitz' feet!. . - The walk to our room was about a mile or so. No, I'm not kidding. We were in the West tower at THE END of the hallway. See what happens when you are not happy at the front desk?. . - Distance from events to restaurants to casino....amazing. As he said at the front desk, "We are the largest hotel in the Western United States". Don't care about trivia facts that make my stay worse.. . - We ate at an overpriced restaurant after the show we attended. Great food, great service, but very pricey unless you are getting main course food. $18 lobster bisque soup...ouch.. . Overall, if this place truly cared about me, they would have been responsive. When I complained about things at the front, they would have made it right. I even said we were not going to spend our gaming dollars at this place, and he acted as if he did not hear me. Guess he was too busy giving me a North strip room in their South strip hotel. MGM completely failed on this trip. I'll never be back. We played at the Wynn both days. Give your money to Steve Wynn, he cares about the player.
ABSOLUTE MESS! Good luck trying to find the front of the casino, construction everywhere, line of a-hole taxis that wraps around the casino, no entrance! "MUST TURN LEFT" there's no way to actually pull up to the front of this nightmare. Circled this labyrinth of nonsense twice just trying to pick a friend up who was unfortunate enough to be stuck there. I will never go here again. No signs, everyone should just have that magic intuition to know you need to disregard the tiny no left sign, cut off the taxi cab and go down some unlabeled street.. Thanks for wasting half an hour of my life in traffic for no good reason! Why trust a casino that can't afford an illuminated sign?
I honestly had higher expectations of MGM Grand, since hearing great experiences from my other friends that have stayed here.  I stayed at MGM Grand Stay Well Suite for the christmas weekend, and it was SO packed. . . Here's my overall experience: . -The guest  check in line took about 40 minutes. . -Looked clean when I walked in, until I pulled the blankets off of my bed to discover trash leftover from the previous customer who stayed in my room / more trash on the side of the bed (on the side that isn't too noticeable, but still.. yuck!). They need to do a better job of cleaning.. -The bed sheets had random stains on the end.. -Bed was comfortable and soft though.. -The q-tip box looked dirty and used. . -Loved how there were 2 tvs & lots of space for lounging.. -Their restroom style was okay, it just bothered me how the toilet was right across from the shower.. yuck? . . Honestly, I would never come back ever again. The room was straight up unsanitary to me, and that's enough for me to not come back. I'd rather book at The Hotel or The Mirage..
Came home from a weekend stay at MGM and had been biten by something all over my ankles and legs.  the only time I was not wearing shoes, socks and pants was when I was sleeping in the bed.  I suspected bed bugs and called the hotel to express my concern.  Instead, I was passed around to four different people with 3 minutes of hold tme in between.  Finally, the 4th person took my name and number and said some one would call me back.  Well, you know how that goes...No one ever called back.  I called the Nevada Health Department to investigate.  The sad reality is that the hotel only cares about the bottom line profit.  I don't know if there is a problem or not, but the hotel doesn't care.
i have not stayed here, and jus didnt like the atmosphere of the hotel
MGM has managed to dive below all normal hotel standards, that is the only Grand thing about it. . . Request for a room change due to lack of Internet was declined by Guest (dis)-services as they had no other rooms - please note, I was not playing the upgrade game, just requesting another room as I needed to work. . Eventually I spoke to someone who was allegedly the Manager on Duty and he also claimed that there were no other rooms, offered me the option of changing rooms the next day and, offered me a courtesy Internet voucher for the business centre; (they didn't offer to bring this to the room)  for this I had to go down and wait with all the people checking into the non-existent other rooms before being told by the front desk that I should come back in the morning;  at which point I demurred and they finally gave me a voucher. .. The next day, about an hour before my a critical meeting, I went down to the business centre and worked with the staff for a while before they agreed that the wireless down there wasn't that good as they were changing providers. They were very sweet and clearly stressed due to workload but I cannot fault their attempts to get me online, the business centre lady was even willing to put the charge on her company card (which at a dollar a mnute for internet was brave) but she didn't know when it would expire and was concerned that it might die during my meeting.. Brave try by the business center but,I ended up cancelling my meeting and i was not that happy about it. Note that so far, I have been in the hotel about 13 hours with this lack of service... . I have never had a hotel refuse to allow a room change and LIE to me as well. . I was only staying one other night otherwise I would have just checked in somewhere else. . . I understand that Vegas makes their money on the drunks and gamblers but some of us need to work., just let us know that you don't have the facilities so that we can go elsewhere. . . In other news, we went to the buffet, - VERY mediocre, just no and pass it by, I didn't find it worth the time or money. . On the upside, the room was nice although the guy vacuuming at 9:30 in the morning was a little irritating with the noise. The room doors are not really soundproofed that well, which in Vegas should be some sort if hanging offense. If you stay here, make sure you are a spud sleeper or stay out until nobody else will be coming past the room ( of course then the chap vacuuming will wake you) oh, bring your own Internet hot spot, you'll be charged a resort fee of 25 USD a night for the free USA today and access to the fitness centre and the patchy Internet.. . In the spirti of fair play I would say that if the staff at guest services hadn't outright lied to me then the property could have got 2 stars, maybe pushing to 3 but that completely turned me of so they get the infamous 1.. . .  Good luck
Casino review.  Disgusting smell.  I had a horrible head cold, could barely smell or taste a thing and even I was nauseated by the smell.  What IS that smell?  We couldn't get out of there fast enough.  We considered dining at one of their many restaurants and based on the smell decided against that.
No one told me this place was on the same level as the Riviera...... Come on I couldn't believe how bad they let this place slip. I used to come here often. Stopped for several years. No real reason why. A friend came in town and got a room here. Everything from the casino floor to the rooms looked like it needed updating. Not worth the money. O and the buffet is disgusting and vile.
The casino is nice enough.. My complaint is that the people on the other side of the adjoining door were chain-smoking in their non-smoking room and our room would fill with cigarette smoke. Our complaints resulted in security coming and talking to them but they never stopped smoking. We were never offered another room and we ended up lining the space between the doors with toilet paper and wet towels to keep the stench down, which did not really help either.. It is amazing what the hotels can get away with charging for in their "resort fee". Our super-slow internet? Resort fee. The pool that is closed for the winter? Resort fee. The 5 ellipticals and 5 treadmills? Resort fee. As a way to make everyone feel like they were getting something out of it, we were given a food credit to be used at selected restaurants but that doesn't make up for a resort fee for things that are not available.
What a tired, sad excuse of a formerly good (though never great) hotel.  So many better properties have met the wrecking ball but this behemoth keeps chugging along like a locomotive from hotel hell.  Service woes begin at check in and continue throughout your stay.  Seriously, unless someone else is paying for your stay, you're better off sleeping in your car.
My family decided to have a 3 day luxury vacation on 2/20/2013 - 2/22/2013.  I made a big mistake; a huge mistake to picked MGM.  On 2/1, I reserved the room (they named it Skyline Marquee Suite), paid a fairly high price.  On 2/3, I sent an email to reserve 4 tickets for the show "KA" in the hotel.  On 2/5, I called in and confirmed that the tickets will be ready at the time we check in.. Finally, the day arrived and we drove to MGM with a great happy holiday mood.  We arrive at 4pm and the room was not ready.  When asked, "Please wait around, we don't know when will it be ready but I will call you."  Of course, there were no show tickets.  2 adults and 2 kids, we were walking around the hotel (with our bags and cases) from front desk to concierge desk to box office (each of them following a line), still no show tickets.. Finally we got into our suites.  I need some robe.  I called the housekeeping requesting 4 pairs of sleepers.  The housekeeping told me there are sleepers in the bathroom.  After seriously searching around all the 2 bathrooms while talking on the phone, I still find no sleepers.  After a lot of conversation finally I have to yell "could you please bring us 4 pairs of sleepers anyways? 30 minutes later, the sleepers were delivered.  The sleepers are inside the robe inside the closet, not in the bathroom.. Next morning, I walked my family to a Grand Canyon Tour downstairs at 6:00.  Partially dressed; still sleepy like hell, at 6:10, I could not open the door because the room key decided to quit working.  I went to the front desk and was asked to show ID to help me get back into my room.  I had no ID with me.  MGM computer was down and cannot verify my key and give me another key.  I had no ID, no money, no room, no working key, was so sleepy and so poorly dressed.  I surrender.  I wanted to sleep on the carpet.  The manager heard my horrible experience and decided to waive some money from my bill.  I don't want money; I want my show, my bed, and my nice luxury trip back.. It is my first visit to MGM and of course the last visit too.  Next time if someone invites me there, I would sleep in my car instead.  At least I can always open my car with my key without showing my ID.
So during your stay, $200 are taken out from your credit card incase you break something in the hotel... when i checkedout they said the money would be returned my account in a few days. well its been 13 buisness days and still no money. found out it was given to the wrong account!
The cleaning ladies STOLE my husbands TWO wedding rings and Bulova watch... Over $4,000 in jewlery... Need I say more??? The  hotel manager tried to say that the cleaning ladies "don't clean in the rooms, just the hallway"... SERIOUSLY??? They DON"T clean IN the rooms?? You have got to be  kidding me. Thieves. Negative stars for you MGM GRAND
This is the worst of the Las Vegas hotels at which I've stayed.  The rooms are tiny, it feels relatively old, and it's dirty.  . . The layout is terrible.  We spent half our trip walking from place to place within the hotel.  Our shower leaked.  Someone was sleeping in the hallway outside our room for an entire night.  The furniture in our room fell apart.  And these are the best things about the hotel.. . They must draw people in because it's a bit cheaper than the nearby hotels, but it's not at all worth it.  Definitely will not return.
Stayed there March 31st for 5 days. Got a standard room and was VERY disappointed in how small it was. It also seemed very "cheap" in it's furnishings. . . But there were problems on top of that. The water went out during one morning, making it impossible to shower, or even wash our hands. Additionally the TV was CONSTANTLY losing it's signal. The front desk was not helpful in either of these situations and didn't so much as offer a comp. Additionally the walls were so thin that we were woke up several times by people in the next rooms as well as the halls. . . I've stayed at a LOT of Vegas hotels and NONE of them has a smaller room, or such ridiculous issues. I feel like I could have stayed at a generic motel and got roughly equal "luxury" for the money. . . -Tiny rooms. . -Thin walls (noisy sleeping). . -Cheap furnishings. . -Water went out. . -TV went out. . -Window washer came by early in the Am and banged on our window. . The MGM is the WORST experience I have ever had in Las Vegas.
Poor customer service, very poor! Security guards followed me upstairs for three days! This is supposed to be one of the better properties? I was treated better at hooters casino across the street, and that place is a dank in the worst way! Front desk don't tell much unless you tip! Hotel room bathroom leaked! Won't tell you easy exit to Las Vegas blvd, because they want you to get lost in casino and by stuff, or gamble!
I can't add a name to my room of one of my guests from the room itself.  Well...currently the line at the front desk is 30-45 minutes...so you're telling me I have to wait in line 30-45 minutes just to add the name of one my guests to the room? Yes, in fact that is the case.  Note to self...never book at the MGM Grand.  Supervisor was no more helpful or friendly than the staff member at the front desk.. . I had a thought...do I need to go downstairs to order room service? To request a late checkout? To request a rollaway bed? Any of these things? Because that could certainly pose a security threat as well...ludicrous logic.. . The supervisor I spoke to was named Yvette for the record, in case management happens to view this.  I don't want any action taken against her, as I'm sure that was protocol she is required to follow.  But really? I need to waste 45 more minutes of my night (I waited that long to check in in the first place) to add a single name to the room?  Please justify that.
Just got back our weekend trip in Vegas, we decided to stay at the MGM because we wanted to go to the fight..If you have never been to the MGM know this its huge!! and I mean huge..Casino is nice enough, lots of restaurants and crowded, even at check-out Monday it was packed!!Check-in was easy, got a room on the 6th floor, figured ok  no big deal..The room itself was nice, clean comfy bed nice black-out shades..After a fun day and evening, Sunday, Cinco de Mayo morning at 7am..Crash, bang, power tools, metal being cut, drilled, trash dumpster being filled..it was loud I mean excessively loud..RIng, ring, hello front desk is this construction going to be going of for a few more hours, days??Yes we know there's construction, is there anything else??What are you kidding me..No sorry, we can move you, here is a complimentary anything, at the very least a courtesy warning when we checked in.. I visit Vegas monthly and try to stay at different locations and I wanted to find place that I could just stay on the regular and stop bouncing around.. I have encountered, construction, djs at the wynn, you name it and each of these other Casino/Hotels were very accommodating..but the MGM no..So I say no thanks not recommending or going back, this is just ridiculous..Come check-out I tried to get in line to complain some more no luck there either I waited 20 minutes and did not move, I even told the courtesy host in the line and she said just wait there..WTH!!!
No bathroom in the room, there is a "bath area" - if you like to watch friends go number 2, then this is the place for you. If you're an "alternative" couple from Boston or San Francisco then you'll love it.  Otherwise, it's a scam, go and complain and you have to pay to upgrade to a room with an actual bathroom. 1/2 mile walk to your room from the elevator.  Lobby is like being in a rap video, horrible.  Staff is very well trained to pretend shocked when people complain about no bathroom in the room.  I have a SAG card, but compared to them, I'm a rank amateur actor.  Go somewhere else.
This was my first and most likely last time to Vegas. I reserved my hotel tickets on priceline and asked for a suite with no smoking. When we arrived at the hotel they tell me that I have a smoking room at which time I show them my confirmation stating different. I also had asked for a room with a view since I wanted to see the lights. They tell me they are going to upgrade my room because of the mistakes. He tells me that is just over to the left in the South Tower.. no problem. I get to the room which is just 2 doors from the casino on the bottom floor and the view is of the service door!! I went to the front desk and they tell me that's all they have because they are booked for a convention. I could smell the smoke coming from the casino and construction guys were working all hours outside our window.
Terrible experience all around for us.  The pool area looks cool in pictures but they have zero control over the number of "guests" allowed in the area.  We tried on two separate days to find just 1 open chair, nothing.  The pool area was packed full of idiots spilling drinks and running into each other. . The hotel should have more respect for paying guests and limit those who are allowed in the pool area.  We noticed tons of people getting in who weren't staying at the hotel.  Apparently you can get a pool pass or resort ticket or something?  They also apparently let entire groups in all one card.. . I can tell you i'll never stay at the MGM or use their facilities again.
So, the MGM Grand hotel is not a great please to stay if you are on business. When I first got to the MGM Gand, the check in line was a 45 minute just to get to the counter. The staff wasn't to friendly but I guess after dealing with thousands of people, who would want to smile. . . So the rest of the week was ok but until Thursday, I ordered room service and I was quoted 35 minutes. After one hour of waiting, I call back down to room service and asked if my order was on its way. The host told me the it would be another hour. And he wasn't sure why the first person I talked to quoted me 35 minutes. So I cancel the order. 15 minutes later the room service attendant shows up with the order. I sent him away. It seemed that room service department didn't care at all.. . So at this point I was very hungry and we went down stair to one of the many restaurants and half of them were closed or the didn't have everything on the menu. And one drink was $15.00. Wow, talk about a mark up.  We finally found a place that was open and the service was ok but the food was bad. The chicken wasn't cooked all the way through and the eggs looked like they have been sitting under a heat lamp for some time. The hotel doesn't even let you do a late check out. This place  will never be in my future plan to stay at if a ever plan to come back to Las Vegas.
OMG, this place is the total pits. I was moving across the western U.S. and had to stop in Vegas over night. I picked this place. I had my tiny puppy with me, cause I'm moving. Walked into the lobby, put the dog on the floor and walked the dog to the room. No problems, no one even ask about the dog, because they saw my puppy when I check in. Right in the open, never tried to hid the dog.. . Ok, go down to the casino for dinner, like an hour. Get back close my door, and in ten min I have three guys with GUNS telling me to take my things and get out of the hotel. No joke, the dog apparently had barked while I was downstairs, unknown to me. These thugs tell me they don't allow dogs at the hotel. At 11 PM in the middle of the night, the hotel kicked me out on my face with my puppy and no where to stay, and they charged me the nights stay!!. . This place is the worst hotel in the WORLD!!!!!
Nice hotel, but for the first time I can honestly say the gambling machines are fixed and the MGM experience is a perfect example why I making these accusations. I spent 4 days at the MGM and played both the tables and the machines. I found a great five cent machine that was very exciting to play. Over the course of 4 days I kept going back to the 10 FREE GAMES machine that offers 10 ways of winning . For 3 staight evenings I played this game and played for atleast 20 minutes or a little longer until it gave you a free spin. Regardless of the amount that I won, I always got atleast one free spin, The last night I was there, I tried the same machine and after 2 1/2 hours of playing ,that  machine never gave me that free spin. $270.00 later I called the manager and he took it out of commission and I called the gaming board. Of course nobody has contacted me but I can assure you that Machines in Casinos are FIXED and controlled. What a waste of time and precious money! MGM you should be ashamed!
One word to sum up the MGM.. UNDERSTAFFED. You drive here from Phoenix, you fly in here from New Orleans, the absolute last thing you want to do is wait in a line for over an hour to check out.. Right? They know its busy 24/7.. They know their occupancy up front, so it should be fairly simple to have the appropriate amount of desk agents to accommodate the 300 plus people standing in line right? This isn't their first rodeo, This is like groundhog day for the MGM.. Every Day, and every Hour, tons of people wait in a "Are you Kidding Me" size line to check in, you need something at the Bell Desk, You need an extra Hotel Key, whatever it is.. You are going to wait in "Disneyland on New Years Eve" sized lines with very little staff on.. Their were six agents checking in well over 300 people.. Not to mention Valet..They will hold you hostage for thirty minutes at the Valet here.. We just self parked, and hired sherpas to take us the 1/3 of a mile to our room from the Garage.. The MGM acts like they truly do not care..Hands down my worst experience at a Las Vegas Hotel.. Next time, I'll go with what I know.. Aria, Wynn, Trump, or Venetian next time..
Never ever again! . Zero stars!. . We arrived late on Wednesday night 07/24 around 11pm or so.  We were told there are no non smoking rooms left, and despite booking one it is merely a request. This is supposed to be the hotel with the most rooms in Vegas. After getting upset, the guy spoke to his manager and miraculously "found" a room.. . Upon entering the room - it smelled... It was bad. The carpet was filthy... So much so that when my son took off his shoes his socks turned black.  The comforter on one of the beds had stains on it. . . At this point, rather than complain, I figured I would just make do. It's late and it will get better right? So I simply remove the comforter cause I generally don't use it anyway. . . The next morning when I wake up, there is something uncomfortable under my sheets bothering my back... What is it? A large bottle cap, in between the sheets and the mattress. So does that mean the sheets were not removed when the last guest stayed here?. . Thursday, we left the room early in the am around 10am  Or so and  returned around 3 pm. The room was not cleaned yet, so we left. They had almost 6 hours to do so, and it wasn't done? Well it's a big hotel, I can get over it. We came back around 6, and it was finally done. Once it was finally done, guess what? The comforter was still there! Big surprise. So again, I just kicked it to the floor. . On Friday, we returned again around 3 or so and it wasnt cleaned. When housekeeping came, we sat in the room while they cleaned the room and even tipped her $5.00. I didn't even bother pointing out the comforter since I won't use it, I just asked for 1 extra towel. . Again, I usually don't complain. But I did watch her change the sheets. .  . Friday night, we went to bed around 11. The connecting room next door was making a horrible amount of noise at midnight. Shouting, laughing, music. Me, my wife, and my kids could not sleep. We called the front desk and they took care of it. It started again around 2 am. I called again. And again they said they would take care of it. . It is a little after 4 am now - and guess what? They are doing it again. I call once again and  am assured it will be dealt with. Of course, we have not slept all night. And the woman on the phone offers us a food credit for our inconvenience. . . Are you kidding me?. . We come to Vegas 4 times a year, literally. We have stayed all over the strip. We are also a family that travels a lot.. Weekend trips, long vacations. So we know hotels. And honestly, we haven't had an experience like this bad before. . . The funny thing is, I've been to this hotel. Many times before to eat,. Because it houses some of the finest restaurants   in town. And I assumed that since that is the case, the hotel. Itself must be pretty amazing. L'altilier, Robuchon, and Craft Steak are 3 of my favorite restaurants  in Vegas. I've eaten at each place multiple times. These restaurants are simply too good for this place. . . This hotel  is  horrible. And the worst part, No one cares. . . I check out in a few hours, and I will definitely complain. . . 5am now and the guys next door are banging on something. I have come downstairs to complain to a manger - cause clearly calling 3 times doesn't work. There is no one here, and the guy went back to get his manager... It's been almost 10 minutes. . . Do yourself a favor, don't stay here. I know I won't be returning.. . . So last night, the night manager Cesar promised to comp the night that I had the problem with the unruly neighbors. This morning I go to the front desk to double check... And guess what, not only did they not do it, but allegedly they can't because I prepaid through a convention group I came with. All they can do is offer me a free upgrade upon my next stay (no chance in hell that will happen). They have to go through all the convention attendees accounts, all 6,000 of them, before they can offer a credit to the convention group who will then credit me. BS. Absolute crap. The day shift manager told me,  don't store cash and we have no means of crediting your credit card.... So this casino that deals in millions of dollars a day can't give me $189.00? Why didn't she just tell me the truth which is "we at MGM grand would like to say F-U and think you for your shitty stay!"
F this place. . One of the top two worst Vegas hotel experiences.. . I'm here right now on a vacay. . Last year I came for the same event, stayed at the Palms for the same price and the room was a sweet, suite and around THREE times as big!!! . . I was so upset, so I called for a room upgrade.  . Upgrade fee .. okay. I leave my room on the 8th floor and to my new room which I have to go down to 1st and up another elevator to the 16th floor.. . I enter..... . TV on some random channel.... Closet open with lights on.... Seats moved around.... One of the bathroom lights on.... . There is an empty pizza box... . couple empty beers.... iron and board set up.... messy sheets... . spot lamp lighting pointing at the bed.... . . and a f ing open "LOVE BOX"..... MULTIPLE USED CONDOMS and their open wrappers littering the room. . ... uh... . . I call pissed and request another room and to waive the fee... nope. . . You kidding me?! Apparently there are no similar rooms available on the floor or any near floors which use the same elevator so we have to go back down and up again and return to the 8th floor. . . I enter the new room upset and unsatisfied by the choice I made for which resort to stay in.. Oh and now the remote doesn't work in the new suite. Now I'm watching a continuous commercial looping and telling me how MGM is supposed to make my stay great.. . We rest for 30 minutes and head over to the Ling Ling Lounge in Hakkasan which was reserved for our own private party.. After everyone waited for 40 minutes PAST our reserved time they THEN mention the "dress code" issue which was never previously mentioned, or expected due to the lounge being reserved and private party.. We return back to our rooms to change and return to the event. . . Thanks MGM for helping my experience/vacay with you guys.. Contact me if you have a reason for me to remove this.
The recently updated room is sleek, modern, and comfortable.. Pros:. 1. Comfortable bed. 2. Electric blinds with blackout or sheer option. 3. Spacious bathroom. 4. Cleaning staff was friendly . . Cons:. 1. Most of the eateries are overpriced. 2. There is a mandatory $28 resort fee that includes super slow wi-fi. It took forever to load web pages such as Facebook. 3. The cardio room is small and needs AC (had a musty odor). 4. Tried to call the front desk on the morning of checkout and was on hold for more than 10 minutes and no one ever answered the phone-wth. 5. If you check in early, they charge you an extra $20 (this is complimentary at other hotels). 6. Not much kid friendly things besides the pool. 7. The "special" deal we got came with 2 free buffet passes however when you check in, the lady at the front desk didn't even mention that to us. I had to ask then she said its ONLY good for breakfast which is 7-10 a.m. It's Vegas!! Who likes to get up early?. 8. No refridgerator to store your drinks.. . Overall, my room was nicely furnished but this is not a family friendly hotel. There is nothing for kids to do here beside the pool. I have no plans to come back. Check out other hotels first.
My first and last time staying here. First off we arrived on a Tuesday this sat week. The check in line was divided into 2 lines and there were easily 50 people in each line with 6 MGM check in staff checking peope in. After 1/2 an hour and several people complaining more staff trickled in. One hour later we were on our way to our room. We reserved a room with 2 queen beds and the room was clean, spacious and beds very comfortable. We went down to the pool, kids wanted to check out lazy river. Apparently the $28 resort fee does not include rafts, you have to rent them. In the 3 hours I was down there not once did a cocktail waitress ask if I wanted something to drink. Went to bar only to be told cash only, they're credit card machine wasn't working and no room charges either. Avenue 24 is ridiculously expensive for breakfast, eat out or try Starbucks. The monorail is $5.00 one way per person or $12.00 round trip. It was cheaper for the 4 of us to take a cab than to take the monorail. I noticed a lot of women looking to solicitate, not one staff member seemed to care. Definitely will stay someplace else next time.
Here I am writing a review at 9:25 am on a Sunday morning while in Vegas on vacation. Why? Because at 7:40 am my boyfriend and I were rudely awaken by MGM hotel security for questioning regarding a robbery at the pool the day before that was reported to police. After being treated like criminals, dragged down to the security office and questioned for an hour about something that had NOTHING to do with us we were finally released to leave. Apparently the robber was African American and my boyfriend must be the only African American in this hotel so it must be him right?how about security tries something brilliant and pulls surveillance tapes prior to accusing innocent guests? Then I call to speak with the hotel manager and they tell me it's not a hotel matter it's a security matter and they won't let me talk to a guest relations manager. Excuse me? I have been in high end customer service based management my whole working life and this is for sure a guest relation issue when we are rudely awaken on a Sunday morning to ruin our entire vacation and with no compensation for their mistake! I will never stay at MGM again, not because of security who is just doing their job but because the hotel fails to realize its a guest relation issue and should be compensated for the disruption.
I would love to not give a star at all, but since I have to I will give them 1. . . We booked this trip with a few friends and it was problems from the start. Trying to call and book/upgrade rooms, forget about it. Took hours to be able to talk to someone and the lady who answered the phone was rude. Only one couple (our friends) got the upgraded room and we could not get the upgrade until the second night. When we tried to get the room the second day, the room was not ready yet we had to be out of our current room, what?!? I guess it was a good thing we came with friends. A couple hours later, we called from the pool to re check in to our second room and it still was not ready. So frustrating! Finally we got the room, at 6pm. Nothing was done for us and no one seemed to care, such horrible customer service. Where were the managers?!? . . Everything that the hotel did was ridiculous and no one was helpful. Not only that, but when we checked our bank, they charged us all different pricing and well of course, overcharged. . . My husband and I have always stayed at the Wynn, and have had nothing but amazing experiences there. Customer service is fantastic and we always feel valued, not to mention their rooms are spectacular. Never again will I stay at the MGM and I will only be going to the Wynn.
Literally one of the worst hotel experiences of my life!!!. . Came to LV on business and wanted to stay in the quiet atmosphere of the Signature Towers where I booked a room with two queen beds for me and a coworker.. . I was instead offered a room with a single bed and a couch that, apparently, folded out into a cot, dorm-room-style!!!. . Upon several hours of pointless complaining, the staff continued to insist that all of their rooms came with one bed and one cot and all counted as having two Queens and that should I like to have two actual beds to sleep in, I am welcome to book two separate rooms at the newly inflated rate due to the late booking and the fullness of the hotel because of the convention.. . The last solution was to cancel the reservation and move it to the parent property: MGM Grand.. . Things did not improve.... . The hotel manager was not in the least apologetic over the ordeal and announced that since the previous room did indeed provide two separate spaces where a person could sleep, it was essentially my pickyness that resulted that in my having to move, so she was not going to discount the room, give away dining vouchers or compensate me in any way.. . Having thus spent over three hours, we just took the room and went upstairs in the hopes of a nice shower and maybe some room service.. . This is what we got:. . 1. I did not realize that the MGM rooms glow a terrifying, morbid green because of the lighting of the exterior of the hotel. It was scary.... . 2. The shower only had a freezing and scalding water setting, nothing else.... . 3. The newly renovated room featured not only torn wallpaper, but also artfully torn towels.. . 4. For the price of the room service, I think I could have hired Gordon Ramsey himself to come down and wine and dine me.. . 5. And perhaps the crowning jewel so far was discovered when we came back from dinner and attempted to place our leftovers in the mini refrigerator in the room, only to find it locked!!. Upon calling for help we were informed that it was not in fact a fridge (as it appeared to the uneducated eye) but a mini bar for the use of the hotel only and that in order to operate it we not only had to go downstairs to the reception to prove we were 21, but also needed to pay $25 PER DAY, on top of the cost of the drinks for it to be unlocked and turned on. And, no, we were not allowed to put unauthorized food in it.. . Sadly, we have to stay here 3 more nights for the convention (MAGIC), so I am sure more surprises will follow!!. . Please, for the sake of humanity, DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!
I would never stay here again! What kind of upscale hotel doesn't provide a coffee maker and coffee in your room? They don't even provide a complimentary bottle of water. You can grab one from your weighted minibar for $7+. The pool was a major let down.  I rented my tube to ride the lazy river only to be harassed and manhandled but a heard of drunk frat boys. Unfortunately security seemed to neglect thereduties completely.  Another fail on the professionalism of this casino. I was also surprised by a resort fee charge in addition to my daily room charge. If u are going to claim ur a resort then grab some style and class and act like it. Stay anywhere else... It's got to be better than this place.
We had 4 rooms at the MGM Grand for 3 nights in August.  I should have realized when we had to wait in a long check in line for 45 minutes, that the hotel has problems.  I didn't realize how big.  My mom was in the hospital in Vegas, so I left one day at 7 am and when I returned at 6:30 pm, hotel workers were in my room.  They told me the room above mine had flooded, and they were cleaning up the walls, floors etc.  They showed me my suitcase filled with wet clothes, and that the ones in the closet were wet also,  Some of my St John Knits even had mold on them already.  They changed my room, sent about half the items off to cleaning, (which they later billed me for), and took pictures of my ruined clothes.  It has been three weeks and I have spent over 15 hours waiting in their long lines, or on the telephone trying to find out when they will reimburse me for my clothes.  No one has ever called to apologize.  I got ahold of one person who said my clothes were expensive and they didn't know when they would figure out how this happened, as if it could be my fault that water came through the ceiling.  Horrible experience that could have been better if the hotel management cared at all.
We did NOT stay at this hotel.  We came in strictly to do two attractions, the CSI Experience and the CBS Television City Research Center.  Upon walking in we were overpowered with the stench of bad cologne vs massengil douche in the air.  Initially I thought this was a hotel perfume counter gone bad inside one ofthe shops, but I never walked out of the cloud.  It followed me all the way through the hotel, into the attraction, and in fact, was still on my clothes hours later.  . . If you have any kind of sensitivity to scents, you will want to avoid this place for lodging, dining or attractions.  Rather than gambling here, you would be better off just giving your money to the oodles of homeless outside the place in the walkwa
Awesome place to stay if you want to spend your evening listening to the in-room raves of losers in the adjoining room next door. Don't expect security to do a thing about it. I called four times in forty minutes and security never once showed. I got "upgraded" at the airport to a "Grand Queen Premier View", which apparently means "sharing a door with 20 people throwing a loud rave in the next room over." Screaming, shouting, thumping hip-hop beats--literally all I heard. I have stayed in hotels from here to Pattaya Beach, Thailand and I have NEVER had this issue. The only reason I did not stay at the New York New York as I normally do was because they are under construction and I was afraid I would have to deal with excessive noise. HA! I will never stay at the MGM Grand again. Lobby looks lovely, rooms look fantastic...customer service and soundproofing, however, are a ZERO.. . Update: Security finally showed up. They made at least six prostitutes leave the room. This thankfully put an end to the matter, but it is worth noting that the pencil-junk throwing the 'party' was warned at least three times about the noise and that at that point they didn't even bother to throw him out. I don't even need to bother adding that there was an odd smell coming from his room that I could detect through our shared door. It's disheartening that the MGM Grand gives these people a slapon the wrist instead of evicting them from the premises, and the rest of us have to deal with it.
1 Star.
I don't even know where to being.... Ive been to vegas many times now and this was my first staying at the MGM. I had high expectations of this hotel and honestly I was completely and utterly disappointed. first off our room was about the size of my kitchen at home...the wifi they provide you is a joke...256 kb and 1.mb for 15 dollars really...you guys make millions and cant even provide good wifi? second the customer service of the hotel is the worst ive ever experienced...no one seems to have the answer to anything and they act annoyed when you need something. hotel guests have absolutely NO PERKS to staying here either (wet republic, Hakassan) People should might as well stay at a better hotel and just come to these places. other hotels actually give you perks like Hotel guest lines etc. in the end I will NEVER EVER stay at the MGM again nor will I recommend anyone to stay here.
Will not stay here again.  This was our honeymoon trip.. . 1.)  We made reservations for 3 nights and decided to add another one a little later so it came up in there system as 2 reservations - makes sense - they said this would not be a problem...lol...after our "first reservation" night was over apparently the room service thought we were supposed to be gone and tried to come into our room in the middle of the night, not only once, but twice....scaring the living you-know-what out of me.  Obviously communication was lacking.. . 2.)  When my husband went out to see who was trying to come into our room he took his key with him and found out that our keys were disconnected, meaning we needed to get new room keys.  We were told at the front desk there wouldn't be any problems with this, not the case.. . 3.)  When we got our new keys we were told that we wouldn't be debited another safety deposit, but when we got our bill we were debited $128 and $200...once again, not what we expected.. . 4.)  We came in to see the Mayweather fight and we initially booked a King bed and we believe when we booked the second reservation there were move reservations made thus we got a smaller room, thus for the entire stay we were give the smaller room despite the majority of the time was on the original booking with the bigger room.. . 5.)  Room was dark, small, smelled, the trendy heavy glass shower and toilet were right next to each other and was a little uncomfortable if you know what I mean...also opening and closing the doors was annoying since they were quite heavy and made a loud clanging noise when they shut.  Lighting was poor and b/c we had the smaller room the head of our bed was against our jail size window.  Amenities were lacking, extremely slow internet, dial-up would have been faster and no coffee maker or fridge.  We don't drink but there was no mini-bar either.  I think we were supposed to be on the non-smoking floor but you could have fooled me!. . 6.)  So when we checked out our bill was severely incorrect, I believe I was on hold for about 45 min before we could get the bill reconciled.  Also there were these odd "resort fees" that we were mysteriously charged....apparently it was b/c we would have had access to the business center, the cardio room, and to receive a USA today daily...lol...don't think I saw anyone with a USA Today.  And to be honest I am not real confident that this will be my last discussion with them.  . . All in all, not an impressive place to stay, bad service, no great amenities, horrible communication, no one seemed to care about your stay, don't do it, unless you just want a place to crash after a hard night of drinking, I would say that is the only thing this place is good for.
Such an extreme disappointment.  For booking a two bedroom suite and paying the rate we did in order to stay at the hotel, one would think that everything would be 5 stars and above.  Unfortunately, this was not the case.. . Here are the major problems experienced with our stay:. 1) The sinks in both the mini bar as well as one of the bedrooms kept making loud popping noises.. 2) The toilet in one of the restrooms smelled like straight sulfur, as well as marijuana.  I addressed the odors with one of the attendants that came to restock the mini bar and his response to me after I mentioned the smell of marijuana was "and thats a problem?!?!"  Why yes, sir, that is a problem when youdon't partake in illegal paraphernalia.. 3) The cleaning service only entered our room once in three days even though we specifically requested that the room be turned over.  . . Clearly,  the standards don't seem to be held as high as one would expect or require when booking a two bedroom suite.
"Worst wifi ever" or "no wifi at all". They charge resort fee that covers everything in closing basic wifi but wifi doesn't work. So sad. At this point, the only good thing about MGM was Tom and Jerry.
Let me start by saying the new "Stay Well" rooms are FAB-U-LOUS. I have never, ever, experienced rooms that actually made me feel refreshed & energized after a night of eating, drinking, inhaling other people's smoke and more drinking. Whatever they have put in these rooms is spectacular. . . HOWEVER, this review is about the "service" they offer......I should say TOTAL LACK of service. The worst perptrators were housekeeping. What kind of morons do they hire that can't read a DO NOT DISTURB sign on your door??!!  TWICE I was woke up by some idiot knocking and COMING IN my room.....WHY the F**K do you have these signs if NO ONE is going to abide by them???  . . Now, we move the spa. They fraudently charged my credit card for services I did not have......never told me they did this.....NEVER apologized...EVER...and even though they reversed the charges, they froze my account for 2days until those charges came off. And by froze I mean, for that dollar amount...so I was not able to have access to that much money on my card because of them.  The cherry on the cake of this was when I called to speak to a manager, as I was being put on hold a gal there loudly stated "what a b**ch".  Again, no apologies.. . So.....I'd recommend the Venetian. Stellar service, comfy rooms, spacious and since they are all suites, you NEVER hear the drunks roaming the halls or your neighbors.
OMG I am really totally speechless! When you hear the word Vegas - the MGM Grand is what comes to mind as a hotel. Vegas, The strip - MGM Grand. At least in my world it did. I've been here before - I guess a decade ago because things sure have changed. I was so surprised at the rooms! I stayed on the 17th floor in the newely so called  remodeled grand king suite. Nothing Grand about this king suite! No plush soft towels, no his and hers bath robes, no microwave, and yes they have a frig oh my bad - they're so called mini bar. Quick story: So on top of the frig they tell you to call house keeping so that you can get the frig open and put your stuff in- you would think! Hell NO - housekeeping is not coming up to open the frig for you to put your stuff in - but they'll loan you a small frig for $24.00 a night for your stuff. FUCK YOU... really??? You're the MGM GRRANNNDDDD! You can't give your paying customers a freakin frig for their drinks, food, etc. Oh I'm sorry I'm suppose to go and use the ice machine to keep my shit cold. FUCK YOU! Other hotels - have a mini bar but allow you to use the same frig. Just know when you eat or drink something - you'll have to pay. Needless to say I was very disappointed. I took my boyfriend here for his birthday. The room was small. The pictures on the website kind of fool you which is why I go here on yelp to see THE REAL PHOTOS. The room sucked so much I didn't even really bother to take photos. It was a plane jane room Nothing fancy unless you like your room to glow like in ghost hunters. The walls are thin as hell. You can hear people outside the hallway and in their rooms. And the TV Channels suck. They list a show is on - when you turn to that channel something totally different is on. If you plan on being in your room some of the time - bring a portable cd player. Why pay $9.99 for old movie they feature??? The internet sucks - its a hit or miss. Just all together this place sucked. I really expected more. One good thing about this place I will say is - the bed is good and in order to pass up the long ass lines - sign up for that M-Life thing - it'll get you past alot of the long lines and crowds - especially during check in. That's it. I think if you want to stay at the MGM stay at the Signature hotel with the jacuzzi rooms. Will I be back to the MGM Grand again - NOPE - we're definitely going across the street to New York - New York. The crowd was livelier and there was soooo much stuff to do. I cannot wait until my next Las Vegas trip. The rainforest resturant - what a joke - what they charge you for the food you can get better elsewhere. $14 drinks - are you kidding. Fuck you again MGM. Yes you greased me really good with the vasaline this time - but never again... never again!!! Oh and the parking sucks too!
We made our way over to check out the MGM last week on our trip to Vegas. To our disappointment the whole place smells like disgusting carpet cleaner. The smell was so bad we had to leave and the smell stays in your nose for a good 30 minutes after you leave. I would not recommend going if you have a sensitive nose.
