DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY  (unless you can get in for free ) OR YOUR TIME WAITING ON THE LINE (unless you can get in without waiting.)     TERRIBLE, TERRIBLE CLUB...EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTING.   HAS BEEN CLUB.     . . The decor and amosphere was mediocre, the crowd just o.k and the music ten years old.   . . GO GAMBLE WITH YOUR MONEY AND TIME... BETTER PAY OFF!
I would give this club a zero if i could. This place is filled with douche bags. . . When my friend tried to get in with her OWN id card the bouncer wouldn't let her in saying that it wasn't her. So we tried to reason with the guy, asking if we could bring some of her credit cards or other ids to prove that it was indeed her however he straight up said "you're not getting in."  So we then tried to talk to the club manager and it turns out that he was one  useless person. When we told him the situation, all the manager could say was that "I'm not trained to do this, he (bouncer) is."  At this point we were all frustrated and one of my other friends tried to talk to the bouncer again. He (the bouncer) probably figured by now that this was really her id (who in their right mind would try talking to the club manager with another person's id) and arrogantly told us that " he would look at her other cards or ids because we were complaining too much, but he would not guarantee that she will be able to get in."  After that we just wanted to know this so-called "well trained" bouncer's name and he wouldn't even give it to us.. .  All in all i regret ever attempting to get into the PURE nightclub. After reflecting the night I realized that it was a complete waste of time trying to get into the club seeing that there weren't any people going to that club anyways. ( a sign of a dying nightclub if not, a dead club)
Worst club ever. Walk past this spot and get yourself to Tao or XS for a few bucks more.. . Went on a SUNDAY (DEAD) and was free cover (apparently by the security guy at the entrance). . . The guy checking id claims its 20$ entry when the first guy is like 20 steps away. . . Gf's id gets denied and they tell her to bring another form of id like a credit card for proof. Walk all the way to the venetian, get 2 cc's and a school id. . . We get in without a glitch, then realizes its the same girl and says no entry...he wouldnt even look at the other id THE SAME GUY told us to bring back 15 minutes earlier. . . Avoid this spot like the hooker cards everywhere. Their wack Beasty Boys 80s-90s playlist and powertrippin bouncers is not worth it.
This place is washed up, time to retire.
Let's be honest... If you're not an attractive woman go to Pure. They let any woman in no matter how unattractive she is... FAIL!!!. . Pure is one of the worst clubs I've been to in Vegas. I'm not talking about the music, it's the normal Top 40/Techno with just a bit of hip hop mixed in once and hour. My problem with Pure is who they let in. Pure always has more males than females, which isn't abnormal, but how unattractive the females are is ridiculous.. . Don't ask me to stand in line and then pay $30 when you let every female in for free no matter how unattractive they are... #EPIC FAIL. . The rooftop has a great view, too bad no one inside is worth looking at.
Yea it's a beautiful place and I do appreciate that there is an outside patio also. However...I had the worse experience here.  Me and my girlfriend went alone and immediately the owner escorted us in- surpassing the lines- so yea- we were thinking  "Hot damn, we just got in, no qualms about it"... so  anyway- he takes us to VIP.  VIP consists of rich old hairy overbearing married men who wanna get fresh with woman half their age while wifey thinks they're out on business. . . The owner made sure we were given unlimited refills on our watery vodka-cranberries and then proceeded to tell us  "DANCE"- as in- entertain the chauvinists! They tried to grab at us and told my friend to give them  'head'- I'm sorry I'm trying to keep this as PG as possible. . . Don't go here unless you're in a big group. Otherwise- the music sucks, the people are unattractive, overbearing, and old, and well  I don't need to say much more. . . It's not a safe place to be, nor is it the least bit 'fun'. . . Vegas is supposed to be fun right?
If I had sum up Club Pure in one word, the word would be dingygizzbucket. The good news is that I can use way more than one word, so here goes: . . We came up on this place because one of their promoters told us we could get free entrance for our party consisting of a whole grip of hot females and a few well dressed guys with their pockets all swol with benjamins. You would think that this would get an easy in, but these "bouncers" thought it would be a good idea to hold a line outside of an empty club for two hours. (I put quotes around the word bouncer, because the only thing these weaklings could bounce, is their pay check at Walmart. . Anyways, we finally make it in, and what what we witnessed next was like a tailor made personal hell. The the entry room had some seriously blown speakers pumping old chumba womba remixes. With a solitary obese woman in the middle of the room wearing a sequin moo moo and doing a bastardized version of the macarena. We were in no mood for that bull so we went to the bar for a drink. . . When I approached the bar I saw a slim woman with her back faced to the patrons. I thought to myself at least the bartenders are cute. I ordered a bucket of Zimas and when she looked up I was horrified to realize she was both cross eyed and harelipped. We fought through the shock and and finished our beverages politely. . . The cherry on top of this sh@t sundae was the bathroom. First thing that I noticed was a fat turd in the urinal. It really blew my mind since the bathroom attendant was just sitting there laughing and pointing at it.(he seemed a little slow) I checked every stall but they were all clogged and spilling diarrhea onto the floor. I asked the attendant if I could pee in a drain on the floor and he said only if I paid him 10 bucks so I did(I really had to go). The bathroom sink was so nasty that I decided against washing my hands because I figured they'd be cleaner that way. . . When I got out, the girls begged me to go to another club so we went to Tryst and it was really fun. The end
Went to Vegas, and just by walking OUTSIDE Caesar's, the bass from Pure gave me a headache. i really hate this place!
Pure. Pure filth. The PURE stands for putrid underwhelming raping establishment (the raping, by the way, is in reference to the prices). A pretty lame club with bad music, a staff that should be replaced entirely, and no clear indication of which of the 800 lines you need to be standing in. Go to Moon at the Palms instead. I hear it's incredible.
Seriously, of all the places I go I think this place is just a waste of time, and I'm a local so I know we're pretty critical about where we go. First off, the line isn't even a line. People push, shove, yell, shout, and cheat they're way through. The wait is like 3 hours long, and the bouncers are just ssssooooo rude. I don't blame them, but I've met friendlier people. On top of that, we were on guest list. So we waited an hour. The bouncer split our group in half. Girls had to go in first, and then the guys. So we had to wait an extra 1 for them. The place is nice with a nice second floor with a view, and their music selection is pretty good too. The place is just so compact considering the volume of people that go in there. There is absolutely no room to dance in the main floor unless you go to the pussy cat lounge. The wait to get a drink is endless too. You'll waste your time and a good experience because you spend half the night just waiting. By the time you go in you've lost your appetites for fun. I try to avoid that place as much as possible. Oh, AND! They only let the really pretty girls with fake boobs, and long legs in first, and give them VIP treatment. Hmph.
What a joke.....the only part of the club that was open on Thurs was the outdoor bar.   Too bad the temp was 105.  Not too nice when there is nowhere to sit either.   I'll be skipping this lame club next time we go to Vegas.. . The bartender declined our card as well, found out later that nothing was wrong with it.  Scared us into thinking that the bank had frozen our account due to fraud.
Pure is not the worst place I have been to in Vegas, but surely not the best.  I wouldn't go back, unless someone paid me.  The music was the only thing that saved this club.  This past Saturday night we went to Pure.  We found a spot to chill by the bar.  It took about 45 minutes to get a drink.  Once you had to pee, you were pretty much in trouble.  You have to cross the dance floor that is packed with people and smells soooo retchid that if you didn't have to puke before the bathroom, you definitely have to now.  The crowd was interesting and diverse.  It went from some famous people, to  weird looking mumblers that lurked around, to drunk b* who think its funny to walk up to you and pull your entire dress up.  :) good times.
After dinner at Mesa Grill we were wandering around Caesar's plotting our next move when we were handed cards for free cover at Pure! . Sweet!! Why not check it out?!. No GA? You have to be on a guestlist? Yeah, thanks for telling us (and all the people around us) before we waited in your "line" for 45 minutes. There wasn't a famous DJ or special event either. Line deserves the " " because it was SUPER disorganized. That should have been our first clue. . Look, I was willing to spend $$ at your establishment, now you've pissed me off.
There aren't zero stars available, because if there were Pure would deserve it. I mean, any place that fetes Jersey Shore rejects cannot be taken seriously (If snookie is hosting Halloween I am going to be as far away as I can be. And that people would want to see her already shows you the kind of people that come here).. . You walk up and you're basically treated like cattle, and that's actually giving them credit, so that you can get into the most unoriginal club I've ever been to. It's like they converted a warehouse into a 'club.' . . The bouncers are self important and hold clipboards because apparently that raises the 'I'm so awesome' meter. Don't buy into it. . . You finally get the golden ticket and you're herded into this big room where having your space invaded is a step-by-step happening. You cannot get away from people breathing on you, touching you, screaming in your face. It's obscene and unnerving. . . Oh, yeah, TRY getting a drink in this place. If you can accomplish that I can assure you that you won't get a drink that is even in the same stratosphere as the drink you thought you ordered unless you ordered melted ice over some no-name liquor. Drink before you go and save yourself that blatant rip-off. . . The music is fine for a club. That's all I can say about that.. . I have actually made it to the 'VIP' area several times (by virtue of knowing someone there) and ended up feeling like I was lording over the poor losers begging to get into it. I suppose if you want to pay cash to feel like a douche then don't let me stop you. . . This club is way past it's expiration date. Let it die.
Ugh, still has the stickiest dancefloor, overcrowding, old fogies leering, and other creepers.  I'll continue to pass.  I prefer the warmer lighting choices of some of the other clubs to what feels like A Night at the Roxbury fluorescence.  Their music was so loud, that my ears were ringing for over 24 hours.  That has never happened to me, even at the loudest concerts and other nightclubs...
Overcrowded, overpriced, and overrated.  The music was mediocre and the place is not worth the hassle.
I'm not particularly sure if it was the club sucking, the people sucking or me and my mid thirties hate fakers and bullshit attitude but this place sucked. Wack music, ridiculously priced drinks, people from LA, chicks dancing together, people from LA and people under 25. I think I'm at a point where the lounge scene is the way to go. At least I was staying at Ceasars and got in free. Anyway, if you like fake broke young chicks pretending to be popular and broke young dudes pretending to be hip and cool, this place is for you..I wont be back.
Where oh where to start? In a single word: awful. Even if you're on the guest list and it's before midnight, get ready to wait and wait and wait some more as the cattle are herded in towards the entrance. Maybe VIP would make the process of getting in less painful, but unfortunately, getting in is where the real pain is just getting started.. . Next up on the awful-club cliche list? No over-hyped club is complete without douchebag bouncers. It's an aside, but is there anything more annoying in this world than someone who for the first time has gained even the slightest amount of authority and is bent on letting everyone else know it as obnoxiously as possible? Plan to be ignored for at least 10 minutes once you get to the front of the line (even if its early and the club isn't full), to have your face and ID scrutinized like a 19 year old trying to buy a gas station 6-pack, and to be visually assaulted by a flashlight if you have the audacity to stand in the hallway outside the bathroom waiting for your date.. . If you've survived all this and are still not ready to admit defeat, you get to wait another 10-15 minutes to be gifted a $12 bacardi and coke. I felt a dollar tip was more than proportional to the level of service, but that did not stop the bartender from grumbling loudly and rudely offering me my change. Which I gladly then accepted. . . Things were sure to improve after this, however, as we moved to a quieter side bar and girls drink free until 1, right? Wrong. Another 15 minutes of being bumped and elbowed by the Ed Hardy-wearing, jersey-shore-wannabe sausage fest of a crowd and 2 watered down vodka-cranberries later, we were more than ready to head back to one of the very fun and very cover-free lounges at the Cosmopolitan.
Don't waste your time. I brought 5 girls in and they treated us like crap. I left right away. Plenty of other good places to go it you don't like elitist prick bouncers.
Really? I can't believe this has so many stars! During vacation in Vegas my friend and I were **drunkenly** walking the streets of the strip and some man was giving out VIP access cards to the night club. Well...we figured why not...you only live once. What a nasty place. I was hoping there would be some attractive people there...maybe even some cute guys that were not injected with that terrible Jersey Shore serum that seemed to have infected every other club we went to. Well...we walked in...I paid $15 for my teaspoon shot of tequila to try to cut the smell of cheap perfume and cologne. The place was nastily packed and the group of large girls seemed to be overtaking the dance floor. Now, I'm not trying to be mean...but when we were trying to dance I did NOT want a large amount of sweaty skin rubbing against my silk dress. We stayed for 20 minutes and left. I'm glad the only money that I spent there was on a cheap tequila that gave me a headache...wait maybe that was the amount of grossness in the place?
This place is lame. Don't waste your time.
This was the worst club I've ever been to in my life! I was here this past Saturday visiting from Los Angeles. I was looking forward to dancing all weekend and this place shot that excitment down. The dance floor is small & crowded as hell. The DJ sucked; he played one recognizable song every three songs or so. I think the best advice anyone can take from these reviews is to throw $$$ down on bottle service because there is no where to sit and rest unless you pay for it. We ended up leaving at 12am because the music sucked and our feet hurt from not being able to rest anywhere. I won't be going back to this dump.
Pure is yet another of the once well respected and coveted beacons of nightlife in Vegas that has fallen from grace, settling somewhere toward the bottom of the list of large Vegas clubs.  . . The line here is awful, mostly due to the fact that it's not really a line; trying to get into Pure on the guestlist is more akin to being herded like cattle.  Once inside, the dancefloor is small and the music is stale, with generic top 40 and hip hop blasting through the mediocre sound system.  Over the past 18 months, the crowd has gotten much older, and Pure has done little to keep up with the top tier of clubs, a tier that Pure used to be sitting atop of.  . . The bar service here, at least inside, is one of the worst I've experienced in the Vegas nightlife scene, in both speed of service and price.  The staff here are generally more contemptuous than most other clubs.. . The outside patio is typically a bit less crowded than inside, and the bar service is satisfactory, but it can be close to unbearably hot during the summer, and the misters that are set up along the top of the bar are annoying and worthless (other than the fact that they make your clothes slightly damp for the rest of the night).. . If you've never been clubbing in Vegas before, you'll probably have fun here, but the seasoned clubber will be bored and disappointed with just about every facet of Pure.  Spend your money somewhere else.
I went to Pure Nightclub to celebrate a birthday with a group of friends. When I received my bill, Pure Nightclub over charged me $472.16 on 3 bottles of liquor. Each bottle was list initially in their menu between $475 and $525 for selected bottles. However, on my bill each bottle was inflated by $50 per bottle.  Also, they offer me a free complimentary bottle of Skyy Vodka, which was completely free for buying 3 initial bottles of liquor.  . . But, they added the free bottle of Skyy Vodka on my bill at a cost of $475 (total of $2,996.23) and charge me 18%-Gratuity, 4%-Service Charges, and 14.1925%-Taxes (total taxes of 36.1925%). The free bottle of Skyy Vodka came to a total extra charge on my bill of $171.91; afterwards the $475 free complimentary bottle of Skyy Vodka was deducted, leaving the $171.91 in taxes. WOW! I've been hoodwinked...  What a con game/rip-off by Pure Nightclub. . . You can not see your bill clearly because they fold it up in three or four folds so you can't really see the added charges. Also, I needed to ask twice for a copy of my bill. You're unable to see the bill due to the darkness/noise, or calculate the over charges until you get back to your hotel room.. . My entire bill was assessed a charge rate of 36.1925% for Gratuity (18%), Service Charges (4%) and Las Vegas Taxes (14.1925%). But wait a minute, Las Vegas Tax is 8.10%, I was over charged by 6.0925% in Taxes alone.. . I complained immediately after I saw these charges to Caesars Palace Concierge Supervisor and their onsite Hotel Manager regarding Pure Nightclub operation over charges.  I was treated unfairly by this corrupt Pure operation.  . . There should be a Disclaimers from Caesars listed which should indicate to their Guests that this is not a Caesars Palace Nightclub and you are at your own RISK with this shady operation.. . The Pure Nightclub Host named Hein Le who charged these increased fees on my bill was a scandalous criminal in my eyes. This guy could not be located or return calls as soon as I realized these over charges, and was a real BUTT HEAD.. . I have since put a hold on my credit card for the amount of $472.16, which my credit card company is now involved and fighting these charges for me and help the BBB investigate this deceitful practice.
Pure sucks. Pretentious + Claustrophobic + Over-hyped. The dance floor is way too small. The lounge is way too big. I can't go 3 seconds without somebody bumping into me. Yuck. Go somewhere else. See how many times you can count their name all over the walls. Ugh...
Went this past Thursday and it was the saddest club I have ever been to in Vegas.  Only the rooftop was open and everyone was just standing around.  Also the staff is super b@tchy.  My friend handed the girl at the front her id and free pass.  The girl proceeded to throw both in the garbage.  When my friend stated "you just threw my id in the trash" the girl copped an attitude and stated she did not.  Over comes a large bouncer with a flash light who proceeds to tell US to look in the trash.  Nice service.  Some digging in the nasty trash and the id was found.  No apology and continued attitude.  I will never go here again and it will be interesting to see how much longer PURE stays open.
Worst service ever. Vegas is a service based city.  Bottle service is great, BUT only if you have a waitress.  Had 2 bottles, 4 people, and saw the waitress 3 times!  I did speak with a manager and he helped the bill total out a bit. NOT as much as I would have tho.  I will never go back, unless someone else is flipping the bill.  Best part was the fact I was surrounded by other VIP hosts from other clubs, and they all agreed, HORRIBLE SERVICE.  Real buzz kill to what would have been a great night.....
Lamest club in Vegas. Caesar's concierge put us on the guest list of someone named "Irene." When we arrived and asked for Irene, this ridiculously rude staff member just said "Sorry" and turned around and ignored us. We asked again, thinking he must have misunderstood the question, but he just continued ignoring us.. . This place must be pretty great to warrant the staff's awful behavior, right?. . Hilariously, no. After waiting in a cattle-like herd with everyone else on a general "guest list" (there is no Irene?) we enter this tiny little room with a tiny dance floor and barely anywhere to walk because everything is roped off for bottle service. You can try to escape upstairs but that's a similar deal, you have one lane to walk back and forth in and everything else is roped off for bottle service.. . Also, it was over 90 at night in Vegas when we were there. We asked the bartender for a water and he gave us a mouthwash-sized cup of water. This place isn't even interested in keeping its clientele alive. . . I'd heard from a promoter that Pure is a joke and boy was he right. We headed next door to The Bank and it was a lot nicer and a lot more fun. Huge dance floor, go go dancers, better DJ. Don't waste time going to this Pure hell hole, spend your money at The Bank.. . (Anywhere that attracts guys that think the Pauly D hair is acceptable to women is not a place I need to be.)
Club Pure was a bad experience, I was expecting better from a Vegas club for my first time. The decor was alright but what made my experience horrible was the overcrowded dance floor, gallons of spilt liquid on the floor that smelled horrible after it being there for so long, old music(although mixed really well), ridiculous prices for a tiny 10oz bottle of water $8!!! Restrooms are place inconveniently in back of DJ so you must cross the already overcrowded dance floor. We had free entrance passes but waited a good 45 min in the line. Pure is a waste of money, there has to be better clubs than this.
too much smokers. we smell like a homeless person when we left. our eyes were red and i cough most of the time
I'll make this one short and simple..... . LAME. . CROWDED. . YAWN. . NEXT!!!
I was in Vegas last weekend for a friends birthday and we decided to stop by. The club wasn't to bad itself but the two bartenders were extremely rude. . . We bought the Birthday girl a shot and when she took some she spilled a little bit but not even enough to make a puddle. The Bartender swore on her life she threw up on the bar and she looked at us four and said " Get the F*** out of my bar"!! We were all in shock because its unbelievable how she reacted... I mean I'm sure people have actually thrown up on the bar... HELLO it's Vegas!!!! She repeated herself about 5+ times as she swung her towel at us saying she was going to call security. . . Before that incident happened we were talking to an Australian guy that was clubbing on his own. He was very nice and respectful to everyone. The other bartender told him "Because your cocktail is so hard to make, I'm keeping your 4 dollars". I was thinking to myself who says that shes way to confident! He replied by saying, no problem I was going to give it to you anyway. He told us it's the worse service and said don't let this girl reunion the night!! . . Finally the bouncer took us outside and was being rude himself but we showed him how full the shot glass was so he let us back in but warned us not to get near the bar. . These people need to find a new job because  they think to highly of themselves standing behind that bar....I'm obviously not the only one that thinks that from what the reviews say!!
It might have been an off night, but I don't think I'd ever go back here.  Located in Caesar's Palace, this place was packed on Tuesday night.  We got there around 10 to get in free for the guest list.  The line was long, but moved at least.  They separated the lines: off property guest list, guest list, women guest list, no guest list. so make sure you aren't waiting for 30 minutes in the wrong line. the venue itself was large, but filled to capacity. there is one main dance floor with pockets of space on the sides, VIP areas surrounding and two bars. there is an upstairs area that was closed off when we went. . . ladies got wristbands for free drinks. IF YOU GET CAUGHT SHARING DRINKS WITH GUYS THEY WILL TAKE YOUR WRISTBAND. just a warning.. . we were having a pretty good time, dancing in a very packed area. getting very hot and sticky. and then we smelled it. throw up. the staff did it's best to clean it up while maneuvering around gyrating bodies, but the smell lingered and was wafted throughout the dance floor as the giant fan by the bathrooms blew the smell into the crowd. we tried to escape the smell by walking around, to which we were told we were not allowed to stand in any of the hallway areas off to the side or the corners of the club outside of the VIP area. we left around 1:00 and found the Gossy's Room which was actually playing better music anyways.
I wish I could give this place 0 stars. I was there this past Saturday. We waited for over an hour to get into this place and it was not even close to being worth it. It was packed and crowded and completely disorganized. Not to mention we were in the Guest List line. Awful. . . Anyway, thank goodness we got in for free. Cover would have been $30 bucks and I would have hated myself for paying it and having a terrible time inside. I did manage to pay $16 dollars for a watered down Vodka Red Bull. Thanks. The music wasn't good either. I recognized maybe one song. The rest was a terrible concoction of whatever the DJ was making up. When we did make our way to the dance floor, it was chaos. And NOT the good kind. There were way too many people trying to fit into too small a space making it simply impossible to dance, let alone move. We were out of there within 20 minutes tops. . . I rarely take the time to write reviews. So seriously, don't waste your time at this establishment. With all the other clubs to choose from, use this as a last resort.. . Terrible.
Ugh.  Just no.  Why?  It takes forever to get in.  It's complete anarchy trying to get in, even when your name is ON the list.  The music is boring and repeated often.  The drinks are small and expensive.  The crowd is, um, less than savory.  The floor is wet...all the time.  And a trip to the bathrooms requires a sherpa guide.  . . Stick to the deli outside Pure.  The drinks and service are better and you get to hear the music from the Pussycat slots nearby.. . My parting memory of Pure was walking outside alongside some Guidettes who had taken off their shoes and could barely stand.  One of them started ralphing on the sidewalk outside Ceaser's while the other girl held her hair.  Classy!
I'm a local so maybe its not appealing to those like me. . . Couldn't take the crowdimg, no room to dance anywhere. A bigger guy like me, can be very uncomfortable. . . I have XM so the music does nothing to me, but I guess the Top 40 stuff is good for those who don't listen to a lot of music.. . Sorry, I don't care if its the strip....I cant get with $11.00 watered down cranberry and vodka. You'll never win with that. . . Maybe one day there will be a club on the Strip not so pretentious and overhyped.
Let me begin by saying this is my first club in Vegas and my friend and I met some guy who added us to the guest list. We had no idea what to expect, but decided to go. . We got all dolled up, went to the club and got our wristbands (the line wasn't too bad for girls), which allowed us to get free vodka drinks until midnight. We go in, everything is cool. The place seems pretty big from the entrance, but once you step in you see a huge crowd of people that are blocking the walkway. I honestly felt claustrophobic my entire visit. To get away from the crowd, we decided to go over to the bar. I ordered a vodka with cranberry juice. It was good. My friends and I walk over to the dance floor and a bunch of creepos start trying to talk to us. I tell them to leave us alone and we continue walking to the front. . At the front, there was a worker cleaning up a spilled drink. He got mad when my friend accidentally rubbed against him. He told security and then the security came to talk to her. He ended up understanding that she was just dancing and not harassing the worker. . The night got worse when my friends wanted to take a smoke break outside. We walk to the outside, everything is good. And then when we try to come back inside, when the security tells my friend, who happens to be disabled, that she cannot come in because she is too intoxicated. Woah, there buddy that is my home girl you are talking about. To me, she seemed coherent and fine. Plus, it's Vegas everyone is drunk, why single her out? We ask if we can speak to the manager. After 10 minutes, the manager came out and he was understanding, but agreed that she was too drunk to come back inside.  . He offers me and my other friend a free round of drinks if a) he gets security to escort her to a taxi or b) we take her back to the hotel and come back. Obviously, we're not going to leave her alone, so we grab a taxi all the way back to the MGM Signature and drive back. At this point, I was over it. But because of the free round of drinks my friend insisted on us going.. We go back in, get two cards for free drinks. Go to the bar and order the drinks. Everything seemed to be OK. We danced and had a good time. But then somehow my iPhone 4S slips out of my purse... At this point, I'm looking around the floor for my phone. I start asking people around me if maybe they saw a phone on the floor and nobody has any idea about what I was talking about.  I go talk to security and he tells me to wait around until 5 p.m. when the securities turn in everything they have found at the club into the lost and found. We wait, no luck... . I've called back many times and filed a report. My iPhone has been lost in the abyss of PURE Nightclub. Thanks for ruining my trip, PURE.
I was here for an attorney's conference in July. It has taken me this long to collect my thoughts to write this review as I have NEVER, and I mean NEVER, been treated so horribly at a club. . . This club is in the hotel where a huge attorney's conference took place in July. My friends, (1 who was  an attorney and a speaker at the conference) and I decided to give this place a try. We played the usual wait-in-iine game as clubs do. Once in, we began to scope it out and noticed that there were no seats, no real dance floor (more like a dance space--a joke),  and all tables and booths were taken. Literally you had to stand; not even a seat at the bar or the rooftop. Ridiculous. . . We three ladies were invited into a booth 3 different times by  3 different groups of men (all non-black) but the same RACIST white bouncer kicked us out of the groups each and every time. At no point were we asked if we wanted to get a booth. Instead we were kicked out and about repeatedly and rudely.. . Finally, I said to the bouncer as did my attorney friend, that he was treating us 3 black women differently than others, we noticed...he hadn't asked us if we wanted a booth, bottle service, or even to allow us to sit with a group when invited...for all he knew this group was one we intended to meet up with at the club. That said, he became quick to deny that he was being racist but we pointed out that many other females (non-black) werent being followed  or harassed like we were. We could have enjoyed the night a little but literally even if we stood in one place too long we were told we were in the way and had to move.... to that I say, make a bona fide dance floor for folks to commune with the music and one another instead of a club laced with booths and tables that must be reserved for $150 with bottle service.. . I hate to write such a negative review especially about a racist type of treatment but this was so over the top that my attorney friend and I actually discussed suing the club for the distinct racist treatment. WE WILL NEVER RETURN. I suggest you consider your own attendance carefully.
I just started following them on twitter because I have been looking into my next places to visit in Vegas. Subsequently,  their VIP manager began following me. I noticed that his posts were very anti-Obama and  while everyone is entitled to their opinions, as a manager of a company, whose goal is to get more customers, you need to be more careful about voicing your opinions. And all he said to me is that they will survived just fine without my business. They sure will cause its clearly not the place for me or any of my friends or family.
We were on the guest list so we got there around 10:30 thinking we'll get in with no lines and no problems. There were no problems but the line took FOREVER!! I guess they had several different events going on so each event had their own separate line. It was also veterans day weekend and the anniversary of the marines. I'm assuming its not that difficult to get onto the guest list because the line was PACKED! My gf and I got wristbands for free drinks until midnight because it was ladies night. The guys looked totally bummed but we just figured we'd give some of our drinks to them. Boy were we wrong! We were only allowed to get a new drink after we finished the drink we had from before. I gave one of mine to my bf and went to get a new drink. When the bartender saw my bf with a special pink cup that were only given out to ladies, he literally snatched the cup away from him and dumped it in the trash with some serious attitude. Plan fail :( They used some cheapo vodka anyway so what were they being so strict about? The drinks were beyond expensive. The club is newly renovated so they added another dance floor. ALL THREE FLOORS WERE PACKED! Literally u couldnt even shake your butt without grinding on someone else that you had no intention of grinding on. I kept getting pushed and shoved and were all so fed up that we just figured it wasn't worth it and left. If i had paid to get in, I would've been beyond furious!! Choose another club ladies and gentlemen. Maybe we just came on a bad night, but I would still say its not worth it.
Don't come to this place . Was on guest. List on a Friday. Nite paid 1460 for vip service. Once in had to walk upstairs to find out my party had to walk down stairs and talk to the vip marking host because of the deal he gave us... After 15minutes passes by finally  management  get us to our vip booth of course they had to kick out three people that were sitting at that booth.we had three different bartenders and two of them mess up two of my drinks told me that they didn't hear me because of his earpeace.  Bartender told me leave the drinks on the table someone will drink it . Had to ask security to please call the bartender  management. It took them 45minutes for the manager to come to me and see what was wrong. He told me the two males were not bartenders just there to pick up finished drinks to ask the female host to mix any drinks ....security was rude .service Was crappy the dance floor is a joke. I am never coming to this nite club in my life even if u pay me to to come to this nite . Go to another nite club save yourself from the crappy dance floor rude security and bartenders
OKAY.... ghetto crowd is all i can say. music mainly hip-hop. the dance area is soo small, we ordered adios MF and there was absolutely no alcohol, the vodka and redbull was also pretty weak. the vip area is roped off which i think looks odd and cheap. bathroom was filthy. had an awful time there. I'm glad we didn't have to pay or wait in line.
Don't pay to get in... Ever
Hanging out at Pure to catch a glimpse of the one hit K-Pop wonder Psy felt akin to being shuttled around like cattle. I think the goal was to pack in as many people as humanely possible before a serious fire hazard became a possibility. The normal Vegas crowd (read: scantily dressed ) was queued out in front. We were on the guest list (thanks to my brother- I'm not cool enough for that) so thankfully we didn't have to wait with said crowd.. . As soon as we entered I was thrilled I didn't have to pay for this debaucle. The architect who designed the club should be banned from ever designing a club again. Super cramped with huge support columns throughout the club. It was incredibly awkward, difficult to discern where the actual dance floor was, and we were all forced to gawk at the VIP section (smack dab in the middle), who had loads of space to spare (bastards). The last thing I want to look at is a bunch of half naked hooches gyrating to some terrible pop dance hit. Ugg my eyes were burning...They kept trying to shuttle around the crowds so everytime we tried to find a place to stand, security tried to move us over. At one point I asked the security guard where he wanted us to go and he smiled and said good question. Even he recognized the absurdity of the situation. Please don't bother paying for this club. Its a joke..
Went to this place on a Tuesday around 1:30 am. They wouldn't let me in because I was wearing reebok classics. Bouncer told me I couldn't wear sneakers, but just before that he let a group of five people wearing chuck Taylor's and vans in. He said because those shoes are a fashion statement. Don't bother going, this place discriminates go to Hyde instead.
Worst Vegas club I've been to. The line was way too long (even for the guest list), the bartenders were rude, the dance floor was too small, and the vibe was just plain weird. I was there on a Tuesday night so maybe that's why there was such crappy music and so many creepers? Nevertheless, I won't go back unless I have an open bar again and no other options.
Awful. Place was way oversold, and had such a ridiculous floor plan, you are constantly being herded around like a bunch of cattle. On top of that they have the weakest $15 drinks. I didn't purchase bottle service, but I never have in a Vegas club and I've never had a bad experience in any other Vegas club.
I don't understand why they wouldn't implement crowd control. It's a tiny dance floor, there's absolutely no room for dancing. The most we were able to muster was an awkward wiggling. The only redeeming quality was access to the second level for a nighttime view of the Strip, but that was crowded too. We stayed for exactly 15 minutes, and I will not be going back.
They treat people very bad.  This is everything I hate about a Night Club?  You have to work very hard to do this bad.
This place was horrendous.  We bought VIP line passes that included two hours of drinks.  Arrived, and there was no line, so we totally did not need that VIP pass.  In order to sit ANYWHERE in this place, you needed to buy a couch, and this was a $375 minimum.  Give me a break.  A bottle of Bacardi is $12 at the store.  The music and DJ were good, but the place was way too crowded (they had not opened the other area even though they advertise how large this place is) and the bathrooms were almost impossible to get to (behind the dance floor).  Bartenders were quick and friendly.  Anyway, I would never go here again.
I'm so confused bout all the 5 stars. It must be hired help writing the reviews.   We stood in line for bottle service, waited for over an hour, were herded like cattle and were treated with so much disrespect.  I never felt like they wanted us to be there.   ATTENTION GUYS.... be sure to check the line outside the club to get in before you pay the thousands of dollars for bottle service.  I think you will be unimpressed with the less than exceptional talent and that's exactly what is inside the club.   Phat, phat, phat.  Small tables and completely overpriced for Vegas.  They have far too much competition to even give this place a try.
This was by far the most disgusting and least favorite nightclub I've ever been to in Vegas. When I showed up, half their indoor space was closed off. The dance floor was so packed that you could see a fog of body odor sitting in the air. I'm not kidding you. It was so packed that I had to go to the outdoor patio area. When I went there, there was practically no space. You get a half decent view of the Vegas Strip, but that's about it. In terms of interior design, all I remembered were long sheets of white drapes hanging from the ceiling. I was very unimpressed.
I went two years ago and had a good time, even though the crowd was a bit rough.. Back this June (2013)  and hated every minute.  There was absolutely nobody in line and we were still made to wait, even though we had a table reserved. We were treated very rudely by the two girls checking the VIP list.  Finally went in after 30 minutes of waiting (with nobody else in line)....you would think paying for a VIP table, would at least get you good service.  Once we were in, the crowd inside was Ghetto, to say the least.  The DJ was some no name person.....not exactly what we expected during EDC weekend, when other clubs are featuring Tiesto and Calvin Harris.  I guess this was our fault, for not checking the line up.  The VIP booth was crowded and with some random, low class people.  We asked to be switched to the rooftop and thank goodness they did.  That was the only good thing about the whole experience.  At least the rooftop has a great view and we were away from the horrible crowd inside.  I have never written a review before, but this was such an awful experience, that I would not want anyone else to live through it.  Take my advice.......DO  NOT GO TO THIS CLUB!
Pure Vomit is what this place shall forever be known as. . When you approach the line be prepared for 10 dudes in cheap suites to ignore you. They will not make eye contact, they will pretend that what ever is on that damn podium is way more important. They will shuffle a stack of what appears to be blank pages. If you aren't getting in free and getting free drinks, just walk away. We had "VIP" passes to get in free, but not free drinks (big mistake). Straight away we noticed the music sucked, it kept sucking. It was a play list of uninspired dance music and Top 40's remixes. The drunk white people loved it. For some reason we thought vodka would make it all better, just maybe we could join our brethren in sweet bliss. Be prepared to pay $22 for a mid shelf mixed drink, 22 F***ING dollars. After consuming what should have been liquid gold we headed for the dance floor. We didn't notice upon entering the club how small the dance floor was. Think portable wedding dance floors x 2. Lucky! we thought, the place wasn't packed yet. We still had room to move and had hopeful hearts that the music might get better. As I played "bring it on" with my girl I noticed a smell. I kept getting faint whiffs of something sick. Finally I said something and she could smell it too. Don't feel stupid if at first you think the smell might be you. We both did the same thing. I  ran over in my head the events of the evening, trying to figure out when I blacked out and vomited on myself. Then I came to the realization that I am not a black out drunk and it was the dance floor that smelled like a months worth of $22 dollar vodka vomit. It wasn't hard to find ground zero. It was the empty corner of the dance floor that we kept getting herded to. It was fun to watch people think they scored an awesome dance spot, only to wrinkled up their noses and flee. If your sense of smell isn't deadened by smoking a pack a day you will not be able to ignore the VOM. It will follow you where ever you go and smack you in the face on occasion. Vomit abuse it horrid. At first you blame yourself, then you find the courage to walk the f*** away. Don't forget to give the suites the stink eye on the way out, they like it.
Went here for my bachelor's party on 5/31. Had a mediocre time and one of the servers got into a nasty exchange with one of my friends. My friend left and we talked to the server to make sure he was OK, all we got in return was an attitude.. . Anyways, left a $1400 tab and fast forward two months, I was charged for the SAME transaction AGAIN!! This is credit card fraud. I reported them to my credit card company and will retaliate with any legal means possible.
This club sucks. I wear dark colored glasses and they are prescription. I need them to both see and protect me from the blinding strobe lights since my eyes are a bit light sensitive. I got stopped by PURE security every 5 minutes with people asking me to remove my glasses. These people need to relax this is a club people came to relax and have fun for a few hours. The security acts like it's TSA and a screening room at LAX or something. Complete Fail. I will never go there again. The music is bad, it's too small and loud, drinks are watered down and taste like crap at ridiculously expensive prices. Obnoxious place.
Aside from the bouncers being rude, the drinks being watered down, and the music being so loud that you can't hear yourself think, this club was still unbelievably terrible! Ladies, avoid this place at all costs!!! You would think that having a bouncer offer to take you to the VIP area would be fun, but in reality they are just parading you around like hookers until one of the "VIP" guys allows you to stay in hopes of getting sex for free alcohol. We left within a minute. If youlike being treated like a cheap whores by nightclub staff then this place is for you, if not then stay away! The only decent part of the place was a nice roof terrace, but it definitely isn't worth it. Go to Chateau in Paris instead.
My experience here was purely boring (harhar).  A promoter gave me and three girlfriends a pass for no cover and free drinks, which was cool because I would have been forced to stay here longer if we had paid.  . . This club does make a very nice visual impact, with the all white decor.  After looking at the crowd to get free drinks, we decided against it and went straight to the dancefloor...let me tell you, if you consider yourself to be in the hip 20-something crowd you should probably go to a different place.  crowd was mostly 30+, but I don't know, maybe my age detector is skewed from being around too many Asian people.  . . One weird thing I noticed was that the VIP tables were in front of the small, cramped dance floor so I was just trying to avoid making eye contact with them.  The DJ was playing some weird, ambient music that wasn't my thing.  It seemed like it wasn't the crowd's thing either, because nobody was dancing! They were just kind of standing there.  I feed off crowd energy a lot, and this crowd was not doing it for me.  . . We braved this place for about an hour and left.  Don't waste your time!
LEAST favorite of the three clubs we hit on our "club crawl" tour last week.  Again, we walked right in and the cover was included in our "tour".  We did not go to the bar as we had just downed some big drinks on our way over, so I can't attest to the drink costs, but the crowd and music seemed about the same as had been at 1OAK and LAX.  This place seemed to be the smallest.  I didn't wander around a lot or hit the ladies room here, so maybe it was bigger than it looked, but from what I could see this place was super tiny.  It was all white and the tables looked kind of like cabanas up above and around the dance floor.  It was weird, or maybe I was just drunk by this point.. . We danced until the nasty smell of vomit started wafting across the tiny dance floor and we decided it was totally time to get out... so we did.. . Would NOT recommend.
Yeah this place is nothing like it used to be.  Crowd is wack.  They were letting in anyone and everyone.  I saw people wearing T-shirts out there, and a lot of much older couples.  . . The only reason we went there is we were given a low price for bottle service on a Friday night.  We planned to go to a nice place on Saturday night so why not just go somewhere OK that does not break the bank on Friday?. .   We get there and they are like oh the price went up.  So we said we were not coming in and would go to a better place for that rate.  They said no no we will show you the table and you can decide.  They get us to the table where they present us with a $1300 bill (bait and switch).  We threatened again just to walk out and the GM comes over and after negotiations we get our price.  We were then looked at as cheap but come on I am not going to pay 1300 when we could have gone to much more desirable places for that.. . Lets face it Pure,  all you have is a white room with super expensive drinks and blasting the first 20 seconds of top 40 EDM and hip hop.  There are tons of places like that. Your only asset is the people you have in there.
Went here for my friend's 21st birthday. We googled free admission clubs and she picked this place because it sounded like an interesting spot. It was free admission for girls and $20 for guys plus there was free vodka drinks for girls until midnight so we figured, hey, why not! (When we got there, we all got in free because we were on the guest list.). . After we checked in and got our wristbands/hand stamps, we walked down a wide, white hallway to the dancefloor. It was a site for sore eyes. I swear everyone and their mother--literally, old moms trying to relive their glory days--were crowding the dancefloor. There were far too many 30+ yr olds  and not enough 20-something's for my liking. I can't forget about the old pervy looking 40 yr old dudes trying to prey on the young. Definitely not my scene!. . Also, the dancefloor was too small, the music was a mix of old and new hip hop and some reggaeton which was all good except the DJ would play a fast beat then immediately follow it up with a slow tempo song which completely slowed down my groove too quickly. Oh and my heels kept getting stuck on the floor because it was extremely sticky from all the drinks the hoochies and grannies kept spilling. Ew. Because of the mess, there were employees who constantly had to walk into the crowd and wipe the floors WHILE people were dancing. So tasteless, completely ruins the club atmosphere. . . Another thing, there was no designated smoking area so everyone was just lighting up all over the dang place. I can tolerate some smoke but when it's in such a confined space with sweaty bodies bump'n n grind'n and poor ventilation, it begins to affect my breathing. Not cool PURE.. . Moving on to the bathroom situation. There are no easily visible signs or directions that lead you to the restrooms. I had to ask 2 people where the hell to go and it was like a journey trying to find it! You had to cut across the side of the dancefloor just to find some dark corner that finally leads to the bathroom. Good thing about it was the large counter and mirrors and the SPACE omg the space! was a relief from all the cramped dance floor. it was clean, the lovely lady even walked me and all the girls to the next empty stalls. That was great service! Too bad I couldn't say the same for the bar.... . The free vodka drinks were weak, maybe that's why they were free. Also, the female bartender was curt and didn't even say hello. I bought 2 AMF's for $30. Steep prices but it's expected for a Vegas club, or any club for that matter. . . Overall, if you wanna dance and rub elbows with your granny and her 60-trying-to-look-21-year-old friends, go right ahead. The all too-bright lights will definitely highlight their "good" features. This is a definite SKIP IT!
Went to pure. It was my friends bday so as we walked up we were wooing and laughing. When we go there Jack said that we couldn't get In because "she was to drunk" and looked at the bday girl. When we said that that she hadn't had a drink he said that the other girls had to sober up. Make up your mind!
Door staff girl was the rudest person! Even the group in front of us was complaining about her as well. We considered leaving at this point , but decided to try out the place. Very pretentious vibe! Will definitely not be going back!!!
Door staff was the rudest I have ever encountered! Very pretentious! Never going back!
What a crappy ass "club". Treated poorly, the bouncers thought it was a high end club when in fact they were hurting for clientele. Extremely disappointed. Bouncer took away drink and threw it away because I (a male) had a sip of a female friends free drink. This place seriously needs to reconsider their priorities.
