My family and I come to Las Vegas every year as it has become a tradition.  And every year we would venture outside of the strip to get our fix of Vietnamese food. And for the past many years, Kim Long was our choice... mainly for their wide selection of dishes and above average taste quality.  However, the past few times we have visited have proved that management has certainly taken over by greed and the need to increase prices and diminishing food quality and services.  My experience here in our latest visit was completely unpleasant as the food tasted washed down and flavorless.  It's as if the chef had to rush out so many dishes that he forgets to throw in any key ingredients.  On top of that, service was horrible to say the least.  We asked for a tea refill from 4 different servers and each and every single time we asked... the server would pass it down to another server... and then just moved on about their business to try and seat as many new customers as possible.  For my money, this place was completely not worth the visit... and will never deserve my recommendations.
over price !  Ca Kho To never taste the same ,  sometimes salty , sometimes no flavor at all ! never go there again.
Lets start with Service... The service is pretty damn horrible. When I always go to Pho Kim Long I feel like I'm not wanted there. I feel that if your gonna open up a business that "Serves" people, then SERVE the people. This place has the worst service I've ever experienced in my life. . . Food. its eh nothing to boast about.. . If I could give this place half of 1/4 of a star I would =\. . PS. if you want thai tea just go next door to LEE's Sandwiches .. they at least get it to you.
They're pho is very fast food tasting and their service is terrible. They're rude and kind of racist especially when bringing people not Asian. They mess up orders for them or don't even bother to write down their order. I used to like the place, but when I saw discrimination and prejudice towards people I brought with me...I stopped going. They don't deserve my business.
I'm never going to eat at this place again.  We usually come here every vegas trip but this last trip we found a cockroach in our calamari.  Totally disgusting.  . . ****BEWARE****
pho is good when your hungover.. so i will eat it where ever but there was this one time the busboy was cleaning up dishes and he brought out this bucket of dirty dishes which smelled like complete ass! completely lost my appetite right there but it came back when the food finally came out. they didnt have any sauce trays stocked at our table and my buddy's food came out a decade after i finished my food.. pretty bad restaurant but you cant complain as it is probably the best las vegans can find
Pho is terrible. The slight taste of msg, less than at some places but no for me.
Do not go there.. . It seems they have security problems here. There is security guards by the door and  inside walking around "BS"ing with the waiters. . . This is only second time we have eaten here. We won't be returning here again.. . It was like the "hood" in the restaurant. All sorts of people here late at night. After the meal, I have come to realization. They don't want you to get robbed in parking lot, because they want to rob you inside.. . We saw some body ordered Hainan chicken last time we were here, so we asked the waiter about this off the menu item. "Yeah, we have it, do you want steamed rice or Haina rice?" Of course, we want Hainan style rice, they should not even have asked. That was stupid! Hainan chicken with rice. Very basic!!. . It turn out they want you to say "yes" so they can charge $1.50 for this little bowl of microwaved-and-overly-nuked-dry-lump-tasteless rice. . . They sell half roasted chicken or steamed chicken for $11 on the menu. But if you ordered Hainan chicken, you get a small plate(almost a quarter of chicken) of tough and tasteless chicken for $11 also. Not including rice!!. . Service was nonexistent. We asked for hot tea, and never got them. I mentioned it when I was paying and got two words, "She forgot." and no apology. . . If you go, expect getting robbed in or out, and go home with half empty stomach.
only eat here if you want a little extra protein. after waiting forever for our food, I was greeted with aphids floating atop my pho. they obviously do not wash there vegetables throughly. when confronted, the waited made it seem as if I added the little green creatures to my own food and then proclaimed they wash their lettuce and vegetables THREE times before serving to customers. poor service, poor quality, don't risk eating here!!!
THEY ADD 16% GRATUITY ON YOUR BILL!!!!...And we went w/ a party of only 4. . . Now, let's get to the food. The pho here is average to below average. The vermicelli noodles w/ eggrolls and meet was decent but the PORTIONS ARE TINY!! . . If food alone were the criteria, I would give this place 2.25 stars overall  but the kicker here is the freakin sneaky gratuity they slap on you w/o ever telling you! SHAME on you Pho Kim Long (fist pumping) !!
Located in a cute Asian town I never knew existed! Pho time! Full of Asians in here! (Quick tip from cell). . After eating here: This place is super sub-par! I'm so sad! I got the chicken pho & @ first glance, it lacked EVERYTHING. I guess l get too spoiled living in Orange County, California with quality fresh cheap authentic pho on every corner.. . They skimped on ALL veggies especially scallions, culantro, thai basil, & white onion. Broth was below average. At least I had the option to choose big rice noodles after I requested it. The measly dry chicken BITS were floating around in the murky water. At other places, when you order chicken pho, these are the questions the waiter would ask you (but this place didn't):. . -What bowl size?. -What noodle size?. -White or dark meat?. -Do you want chicken skin on your meat?. -Do you want gizzards? (Liver, Coagulated blood, heart, eggs, etc.). . HOISIN SAUCE!!! Watered down, much? It was runny, light brown, and extra salty-like a teriyaki sauce! How can you even manage to eff that up too? Wow.... . Opt for elsewhere, please. We made the mistake of choosing that place because later after some driving around, we saw plenty of other pho restaurants on the same street. Cheaper too, albeit. Darnit-we originally were supposed to eat @ Kinh Do because they supposedly have better reviews...
They don't have onion dip in vinegar(Pho condiment). Any Pho restaurant you go to will have onion dip in vinegar. This is probably why their Pho soup was sub-par. It appears they really don't care about taste that much cause they are busy. It has no PHO SCENT, no Pho Flavor. Special bowl barely had meat & noodle.  The soup was not hot.  If you 're a big eater then you need to order 2 bowls. This is the 2nd time I have been here and both times the bowls had a bleach smell and taste has not change.  They don't have Extra Large Bowl on their menu either.  Service is as poor with 1 star rating as well.  I asked them, I would like to order the extra large bowl.  The waiter response was, "yes we have Extra Large Bowl but will cost you double the special bowl price $16.00."  ARE YOU KIDDING ME !!!!!!! With a rip-off price like that, why even tell you they have it.  On the onion with vinegar condiment, I even ask the manager.  I will never come back here.  There are other Pho restaurant in L.V.
My boyfriend & I came to eat after watching a movie. We haven't ate Pho in awhile, and it's a shame this is one of the only ones open late. My boyfriend ordered Pho Tai (Rare Steak Noodle Soup) & I ordered a Pho Bo Vien (Beef Ball Rice Noodle Soup). It sad, going on the website, their prices are not accurate like the menu. The prices on the menu are overpriced, not even a late night mark-up. Even if I have to pay more, at least the food & service should be worth it. Its neither. I asked for a plate of white onions three times and never received my plate of white onions. The staff also failed to give me my correct change. . . This place may be fit for after party goers and drunks. It's so apparent that there are 2-3 metro on site. I even had an officer direct me to my table. . . There are plenty of other Pho restaurants I'd prefer over this one. If you're looking for a late night, I'd go to Pho Hung Spring Mountain & Decatur/Lindell. They're open at 9:00am-2:00am (Monday-Sunday).
Worst service ever.. If pho kim long wasn't 24 hour and open for me after 4 am, I would've never gone. They do not pay attention to refilling your beverages. The servers inattentive , you might as well just walk out without paying because they just don't care about customer service. . . All I wanted was to eat pho at 5am, but what I got was the worst experience. I waited 20 minutes for my check and ended up going straight to the cashier which was mandated by an arrogant worker who was dressed like he was going to a club. He was so rude asking what I ordered when I clearly did not know the exact numbers for my table. He ended up getting mad at ME because HE couldn't find my check. He couldn't even walk a couple steps for me to show him what table I was at. I honestly wouldve gave this place no stars, but then it wouldn't have let me write a review.
This place is terrible. We walked in and the hostess didn't bother to greet us, she just looked up and said 3 and walked us to a table. I was never asked if  I wanted a  drink. 2 of us went to grab something from the car and while we were gone the waiter took the other member of our parties order. When we came back we waited and finally had to flag  down the waiter. The menu had no descriptions of the entrees and the waiter was not helpful in explaining anything. The dishes are WAY over prices and the don't come with veggies or rice. My food left much to be desired. The customer service was awful the staff as unhelpful, un-attentive, and rude. I won't be back.
First time was bad, came back this morning and had the worse experience with this place. I ordered the biggest pho bowl there, and i swear it was a kid size bowl. Manager/owner (white button down shirt, shaved head) was extremely rude to customers. Worse of all, he humiliated his worker right in front of me..Bunch of horrible name callings. I refuse to come back to this place...!  Tourist beware...this place does not deserve your money...
bad food , high prices, arrogant owner . If it wasn't  for the the people from out of town in  need some hot soup after a long night of gambling. This place would not even make it. I would never come back again.
I've had better. I used to come to this pho place all the time with my parents but haven't come here in a while. This was my go to pho place when i first moves to Vegas over 10 years ago. Since its been a long I thought I would come back and try it again. But things have changed all lot and not for the better. The soup was a decent size cause when I eat pho I love a lot of soup and a large dish. But there was not much meat or noodles in the bowl. Also the soup was not pipping hot at all. This was the first time ever that I didn't drip one drop of sweat eating my pho. It didn't even cook my raw meat all the way...it was still pink! Also ordered the shrimp spring rolls and too my disappointment they were TINY compared to a lot of other places and a little more pricey. Completely disappointing and definitely not going back there again! Save yourself your money and time and go to another pho place instead. Too many places put there. I am so disappointed in my most recent experience here.
Food was good. I went there on sept 29th after we went to surrender. When I went to to the counter to pay, I had realized I grabbed the wrong bag and my other bag was in the car. I asked the guy at the counter if I can go to the car and get the other bag... The guy at the counter said leave your purse... I was like can you repeat that thinking that I heard wrong. He said it again and said leave your purse. I told him I wasn't going to do that and if he could just walk me to my car to get my other purse. He was like no we do not do that here.  I was like I wasn't going to leave without paying and how dare you treat me like this... I wouldn't have gone to the counter if I wasn't going to pay... He started taking receipts and slapped one at a time on top of each other on the counter. he was like these are the people who didn't pay. i cursed him out and told him it was an insult if he thought i was going to do that. You idiot! I went back to the table and asked my cousin to take my keys and go to the car to get my purse. She just gave me the money and I paid without giving a tip. It was such an insult. I will never go back. I hate the cashier there. Be prepared to feel like a thief.
I am a Vietnamese from southern california so when it comes to eating PHO, I am not an outsider.  Just about every trip to Vegas, We have made countless  stops here at Pho Kim Long, Not because their food is good( not when a diner compares the quanlity and quantity with a more populous Vietnamese community like Westminster CA, San Jose CA, or Houston TX...Their pho's taste seems ok but the size is like a small bowl in CA and is far away from being on the top notch. . Once in Vegas, when it comes to Vietnamese food, a diner does not have many choices. Even though there are better choices now( in compare with a few years back, thanks to the competition.). But what really gets me to Stand Up:) and create a Yelp account to "award" the first so call negative review for Pho Kim Lonng is that I had a bad diarrhea in Vegas and really need a hot bowl of beef congee with green onions and ginger in it to wash down two caplets of loperamide HCL 2mg. So my wife called and ordered two bowls of the beef congee for me and for her too, since we were staying in a hotel room. . Being so exhausted at 3am, I had to drive up there to pick up the food. Ohh my God!!! When I opened it there was literally Almost noooooo meat! ( something My body really need to digest for recovery). When I said Almost it means that there was just a few very tiny pieces floating up and down to the point that I would rather don't see them so my mind can do a better job of persuading the so disappointed stomach that they have forgotten to put the meat in!. I have done with my duty as a Yelp reviewer. There are not only Vietnamse diners but also many Americans and others. I wish the best for the consumers' community and hope that as a diner, you will make the best choice for yourself.
I am currently sitting in the middle of the dining room feeling as if no care is given by management.Horrible and disrespectful service.  food came out very fast but was extremely cold as if it was cooked an hour ago. Actually it was a fried egg roll and it was cold inside and out so of course it has been sitting for a long time. When we asked for the food to be hot, the waiter said, "it is hot". such bad service and I am even taking in consideration that it is an Asian restaurant where service is not the number 1 concern or priority. I am sitting in my seat right now waiting for a manager, getting looks from my waitress as if I am lying about cold food. Unbelievable.
Super bad service. The waiter my family and I had was so rude! So my brothers and my boyfriend were already waiting at the table before my mom and I sat down, the waiter come seconds after we picked up the menu. My mother had questions about a noodle dish.. Yet he told my mom on Vietnamese "if you are not ready to order yet, don't call me over." thing is, we didn't call him over! He was rushing my mom when he could have kindly told us he'd give us a minute to come back. I know that vietnamese restaurants usually have shiet service but the waiters attitude was intolerable. Anyway, The pho was bleh, it was a light soup that had way too much star anise it was okay to me,.. I expected more since this restaurant had a buncha ppl waiting in line for the food. My mi xao had waaaaay too much starch in it.. It tasted like day old Chinese food that's been heated up.. The gravy was sooo hot... The last thing that bothered me was the smell.. We sat on the back near the restroom/kitchen.. It stuck so bad! They needa cover that wall or clean their restroom.. The smell was so disgustingly nasty.. I can't even explain to yu. Sigh* my family and I shoulda walked out but my brother already pre ordered calamari.
In all my years I have never been met with such horrific and disgusting service. Me and my family went to eat dinner. We got seated briefly but service did not come until 20 minutes later. There was 5 people in the restaurant it shouldn't have taken that long not even a water ! Please do better next time I was actually a regular...
(I was a tourist to Vegas and came with about 10 guys) . . Don't expect to get served if you come in at 4am.  We left because they didn't want to serve us.  Didn't take any order for drinks or food.  Didn't even bother to properly seat us.  Just grabbed the menus and placed it on the table without telling us to follow.  When we asked if we were suppose to be seated, he gave a light nod so it was hard to tell what he wanted us to do.  His communication skills was lacking as if he didn't want us there.   After 15 minutes of being ignored, we left.  I don't know what their problem was but if you're going to open a restaurant until 5:30 am in the morning, you should treat all guest like they are wanted there.  Don't be surprised if any of the other 10 guys from my group rates your restaurant with a 1 star.
If I have a choice, I don't even want to give 1 star.. . service sucks!. there's a girl at the entrance, she is so rude to me, we brought a stroller for our little one, she yelled at me not to block someone's passage, is that the right attitude toward the customer? she didn't even show me any other place to park my stroller. Should I just place it outside of the restaurant, so people can take it?. . Manager doesn't know how to train their employee...so pathetic!. . food is not any better than typical pho restaurant. . too much MSG. Eek. Don't go this place period!. so disappointed.
I typically rate places based on food and food alone. However this is an exception and will explain why.. . My husband and his friends stopped here (at my recommendation and others) for lunch and enjoyed delishly prepared and priced food. The group walked out the door when my husband realized he left his phone on the table.. . He turned back around (maybe 1 minutes time passed) went to the table where it was being cleaned and asked the waiter did someone see my phone it was right there. To which the guy replied "no" and kept "working". . Annoyed and confused the group returned to the hotel by cab. I decided to whip out my phone and locate his.. . Low and behold we look at the iphone locator only to find that the iphone (30 min later) was in a car in the employee parking lot behind the restuarant. We were mid-tanning so we figured we'd head over there in the next hour. An hour later it was still thre so they try and hail a cab and locate the phone only to see it moving- in the car that the EMPLOYEE---. . . . Eat at your own risk- keep your phones hidden these employees have no common courtesy.
If it was possible to rate this place a -1, I would. My boyfriend and I always liked coming here until our last visit. We noticed over time the food hasn't been as good, and the service is probably the worst I've ever had. But this visit was the last straw. A friend and I got to the restaurant to grab a table for our party of 7. The wait wasn't long at all. We were seated immediately, but it took our server 18 minutes before I could flag him down just for a drink order. I even timed it because the service there the last few times hasn't been its best. Mind you it wasn't busy compared to its usual hectic environment. We got our drinks and our friends arrived, we were finally ready to order and no one came back to our table for another 20 mins. We had to stop another server and ask him to take our order because apparently our server decided to clock out and was hanging out in the back of the restaurant in his wife beater watching everyone eat like a damn creep. Everyone ordered either an app or just an entree. Not too much food like we usually do. I ordered the chicken pad thai. Everyone got their food except for me. After everyone else got their food, no one else stopped by our table. I got up to tell someone to take what I ordered off the bill because I no longer wanted it. He said ok and walked to the back. A few mins later he came out with my order in a to go box. I told him AGAIN that I no longer wanted it because it took too long. We had to ask 3 different people for our check and that took over 10 mins to get. I honestly don't understand how management can allow such horrible service to their customers. We're no longer coming to this restaurant for any reason what so ever.
Don't order vermicelli unless you want to wait 45 mins for it, which is by the time everyone at your table is finished with their pho. . . The service is also horrible. They are not attentive in the slightest bit and the cashier got in an argument with my friend about the receipt. Also, we were told we could use multiple credit cards for our check and we wrote out how much goes on each card trying to make it easier for the cashier but as he started punching in all the numbers he just gave up and rudely gave me back everything and demanded it all be on 1 card. Oh and we also had to wait 15 minutes just to even get the check.. . The food was average. I felt like you can get this stuff anywhere. . . Come here if you want your day ruined.
Once again, I came back and gave this place another try and once again, Pho Kim Long failed me. I ordered the spring rolls appetizer and Chinese broccoli with tofu. While the spring rolls were okay but very pricey, at $5 for two, the Chinese broccoli was bland and tasteless and they cost $15! Together I paid 20 dollars for these two inedible expensive items. I don't think I will come here ever again.
I was just at this place a couple hours ago and service was TERRIBLE! I've gone to this restaurant and all those times we were able to do split checks and today they said they have never done spilt checks.. . The guy charges my card without my consent and I see he charged me the whole bill when i asked him I was only going to pay for certain entrees and he said that it is IMPOSSIBLE to do my request. So I tell him to VOID the transaction and so my other friend comes to pay for it and we just all give her cash. I come home to check my bank statement and see that THEY HAVE BILLED ME FOR THE MEAL AS WELL! Im going to wait a few days to see if he really did void my transaction, but this is ridiculous! Usually when I void my order it shows in my bank statement right away.. . So if you're coming in a big group, make sure everyone has cash because this place does not accept split checks! Better yet go elsewhere!. . Food quality is mehhh as well. Usually I LOVE pho and can eat the whole bowl but it just did not satisfy me as much as other restaurants. I will never come back to this place again. . . I will though if they don't give me my money back!! So frustrating!!!
Pho Kim Long....more like Pho Kim Wrong.. . HORRIBLE, RUDE, UNPROFESSIONAL, DISRESPECTFUL "MANAGER" . . I was just at this establishment (at approx. 2:30am) and it was just appalling. I have been here a couple times before and I wasn't expecting such horrible "management" skills from their "manager". The service staff wasn't so bad. Throughout the meal our cups were filled and they made sure everything was up to par. Everything was running smoothly up until the bill arrived. I was in a party of 4 and we needed a split check. We went up to the register to pay and it took a while for anyone on staff to assist us. Once we ask for a split check one server gave us a dumbfounded look and walked away from the register. Then another man went to the register and flat out said "We don't do split checks." . . *Sidenote*. I have been here before around the same time and they were able to do a split check without any hassle. . . I told the guy that they were able to fulfill the request last time but he said, "Thats impossible, not without my approval". He was very rude and when I was explaining this to him he was practically ignoring me and a my group while he was counting money from another party. Flat out ridiculous. He also charged my friend our whole check before we were told we couldn't split it and faked a void. . . NO MATTER HOW DESPERATE YOU ARE FOR FOOD ON THE STRIP LATE AT NIGHT YOU'RE SERIOUSLY BETTER OFF AT SOME GREASY DRIVE THRU THAN PHO KIM LONG.
I'm so disappointed of this restaurant.  It looks nice inside out but other than that everything else is so bad. The food is not that good. The service is so bad. They bring the pho without bean sprout and spice and then we asked for it. They gave us an attitude and said bc the foods are not coming out yet. Wtf the pho is on the table already and they still said some bullshit. And when I ask for fork for kids they gave me attitude again. I hate the service! I would not recommend for this place!
Just terrible for vegas standards. Plenty of better places. You have to be really wasted if you think this place is good. Food was not very fresh especially seafood used in the salads and spring rolls. I had hue style beef stew Pho. I am still traumatized by it. One of the worsen I've had in my life and they had carrots chunks that were raw and you could not even bite into it
Worst experience ever. DO NOT EAT HERE.The only reason I'm giving one star is because the potstickers were amazing. But that is the only good thing about this restaurant. The service we horrible. The waiters throw things on the table and don't  check back and the check was never brought. The cashier was highly disrespectful and rude. Do not eat here. There are other Vietnamese restaurants in town. Find a more friendly location.
What. A. Joke. Las Vegas? What on EARTH are you thinking?!. . It's 2am. I want some pho. To YELP I go. This seems to be the only place open. Parked. I see a sign that says they were voted best pho in LV and there is a wait. Yes, a 20 minute wait at 2am. It must be decent. BOY WAS I WRONG!. . We were told it'd be a 20 minute wait so we just took a quick walk down the strip mall. We came back not 5 minutes later and waited another 20 minutes. I eventually go up and ask him when our table will be ready and he said that our names were called like 20 minutes ago. Say what? So apparently a 20 minute wait means 5 minutes now? Get your timing right! So i asked to be put back on the list and there was probably another 4-5 groups that came after me. Well, he sat all of them first. We  only needed a 3-top and all those other groups were pretty much the same size if not larger. I reminded him and he barely even gave me any attention. Eventually we got seated. The service sucked, the food was horrid (none of us finished), and we definitely didn't tip. I know the table next to us was also very unhappy and also didn't tip. You'd be lucky to get anyone's attention since they zip by you at warp speed. . . It was past 3am and I was unfulfilled. I will NEVER be back here. Yelpers, this is fair warning.
Pho Kim Long is the blandest tasting pho I've ever had.  Broth tastes like water, salt, and star anise.  No depth of flavor.  I added extra hoisin twice to make it edible, but it was still bland.   . . For the amount they charge, you get very little meat.  I ordered pho ga and got razor thin pieces of meat.  . . They had a sign that said they were best restaurant in Vegas.  Laughable.
I usually have a good experience here but tonight was an exception. The waiter got our order wrong and when i told him he decided to argue with me. He finally gave in and when they took the plate back to bring us the correct order they brought back the exact same plate...LITERALLY THE EXACT SAME PLATE!!  They also forgot to bring the side of rice that we had ordered as well. It just takes one bad experience to flip how i feel about a place and that was THE WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED
This place has the worst customer service.  They would give you a hard time if you ask why your food takes so long to come.  They yelled at me when i asked for a tea cup and sort of throw it to my face.  And be aware, tips are included in your bill.  Would you pay 15% tips for that kind of service?  I would never come back to this place.
Horrible Customer service! Third visit in a row and each time their service got worse. Worst restaurant I've been to in vegas hands down.
Smelled like they wiped all their tables with dirty smelly rags... I can't eat in these conditions.
I prob come here at least 5x a month, but after tonight I will not be returning ever! The food is good but the service is absolutely disgusting. The place is pretty busy but after seeing everyone that sat down 20 min after you get their food first is pretty ridiculous. My pho didn't get to me until after everyone at my table was done eating their entree. And I had to ask for it after waiting and watching everyone eat their food around me. My friends and I had to raise our hands to get some service. Not kidding! I had to ask a waiter if he can take our order.
The food quality is so bad,  please avoid it at all costs.. Please avoid it at all costs.
I was a huge fan of Kim Long up until this point.  Today I went by myself to have a bowl of pho...I was directed to a table and sat at the table, waiting for someone to bring me a menu or at least acknowledge that I was there.  The guy who sat me then proceeded to take care of the two tables of people that came after me...so now I'm just sitting there wondering if anyone would approach my table. . Next group came in and I still had no service...so I got up and left. . There won't be another time for me cause this is the 3rd time it's happened over the past 6 months...I know that serving one person over a group is more time consuming but overlooking a customer for that long is not cool
This is my first time here and I must say, FIRST IMPRESSIONS LAST. . . They SUCK! Service sucks. The Pho Tai here sucks. I got maybe 5 strips of steak. . We had 4 different guys serving us. You wave your hand calling for one's attention and they ignore you, straight up! They look the other way. That's why we had 4 different ones. . . I had a better service at a 'mom and pop' pho place in San Diego than this place, considering this is a tourist town. Their egg roll is rock solid. One order is 4 pieces, unlike 6 in SD. Their calamari is oilier than a porn stars butt! . . Not coming back!! Seriously, just go somewhere else. 1000+ people and this place has 3+ average. Go figure!
HORRIBLE SERVICE! BEWARE!! YOU WILL GET FOOD POISONING!!! All of my family threw up because of the whatever gross thing they did to all our food. Probably the rude hostess and her friends working there did something. Rachelle the hostess was THE WORST at checking in and seating customers. if you see a lady with red hair and blue eyes, do yourself a favor and eat somewhere else. She never greeted any of the guests, and even worse, she let the only 1 guy who just came through the door get a table when me and three other families were waiting for 20 minutes!! She was flirting with that one guy for some time while she ignored the 3 other families were waiting to get checked in! When one father was getting mad at her not paying attention and flirting with the guy, and checking his family in, she had the most disgusting attitude and told him to wait- terrible at customer service. Also, when i called her out and asked why we were all waiting longer than other people, she had the audacity to tell me off by saying to eat somewhere else. Oh and not to mention that she didn't even give the family seated next to us any menus whatsoever. Talk about lazy service. What a shame. I've been going here faithfully for years and service is going down the drain. Did I forget to say how it took me FIVE times to call a waiter to get boxes for my leftovers? And don't expect anybody checking you frequently to see if your dining experience. They clearly made eye contact with me and ignored me, particularly the ones whom the hostess would be talking to. She's turning this restaurant into a high school vibe with all the rude and immature employees. it's ridiculous. The one star is only for the nice lady who checked on our waters and my family enjoyed their pho.. Best vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas, what a lie. Go to any other pho place but this! The service gets worse and worse and i finally can't take coming here anymore! I hate this place with a passion now!. If you are one of the employees and you read this, remember: we customers pay your pay check. No respect, no money. no customers. You lost 4 faithful families of customers tonight. And earned a visit from a health inspector for the bad quality food you  gave my family. Hope you like That Visit as your early Christmas present.
Not a good place to eat. Terrible service. The place is dirty as hell. I will not be back to this restaurant. Over rated. One star for me. Very disappointed....
THE WORST SERVICE EVER!!!  We came in a family of twelve in the morning at 10am.  So the restaurant is pretty empty.  The waiter sat us by the door with a cold weather.  I was asked to be seated inside and spot a long table that enough for my family.  The waiter was refuse and said if we want to sit inside then we have to split into 3 corners.  What the F?  I understand if the restaurant is full.  But it is quite emply on that day.  I screwed at them and walk out and NEVER come back to this restaurant again.   WORST WORST AND WORST EXPERIENCE EVER HAD!
I must admit, I have been a lurker on yelp for several years... After years and years of experiencing a multitude of underground culinary gems to the most decadent restaurants, I've come across a restaurant that was the catalyst to my finally making an account. And hey, I have 4 hours to kill before I'm back in Cali ;-) Unfortunately, though it was an appalling experience that lead me to officially being here, it'll certainly open the floodgates to my culinary soap box for the good experiences as well :). . Anyway, I digress.. I've been to PKL several times over the years, and it truly has topped itself in the degradation of service each time. I came here with my in laws, parents, fiance, aunt and uncle, to complete our Vegas Christmas gift to them filled with cirque shows, spas, and enough slot machine pulling to make my mom grow a baby bicep. It was 830 am on Sunday, and the restaurant couldn't have been filled more than a quarter capacity. The PKL gentlemen in the front didn't even look at us and started walking us to the back where he threw a few menus down. I immediately thought it was rude, but figured he may have been having a bad morning. Moving on... . . When we were seated Raymond our server stopped by to bring some glasses of water. My uncle, who was tickled to be here, asked him what the gentlemen next to our table was eating, since it looked delicious. Raymond didn't even glance at the other table, and immediately responded "I don't know.". So in jest my uncle says "if you walk over a couple feet, you may have a better idea". He tells us it's pho, walks away, and is no where to be found for the next 15 min. Finally I flag James/Jason, the older server with  spikey hair, that we're ready to order. Agitated, he walks over to collect our order. Each dish we named, he responded with disdain and contempt. My little old mommy didn't know that one of the broken rice orders came with a choice of 2 meats, and he begins yelling at her "which one do you want?!!!? I can do double meat!!!! Just let me know!!!". Which was totally unnecessary since she must've been confused for no more than 5 seconds. I would've walked out right there and hopped over to lee's, but a couple of the parents wanted to stay since we already ordered most of the food. Needless to say the food was delivered by the same disgruntled James/Jason. The food (pho, broken rice, clams, water spinach, tofu and pad thai) was served cold and they forgot two of the orders until we reminded them.  Annoyed that large parties get automatically charged 17% for gratuity.. . Anyway, won't ever be back and suspect their sign that says "voted best pho in Vegas" was just something the owner thought of printing while he was on the can... Because it sure isn't true :)
The waiter was weird & rude. No wonder many people pay more to eat at Asian restaurants in casinos rather than going to out to eat in Asian plazas.
