Unless you have kids, no. Just do yourself a huge favor and don't stay here. And don't bother even gambling here because the bullshit you have to put up with from the other "guests" really isn't worth it. The last time I was in Vegas, I was staying at the Tropicana across the street and it was late night so I walked across the street to Excaliber and decided on getting McDonald's (nothing was open). There was quite a line and at the end of the line were about 4 "young ladies". I asked them if they were in line, just to be nice you know, so I didn't just cut in front of them. They all gave me this nasty-ass look and the super bitch of the group says to me "We're holding bags, does it look like we're in fucking line?!". Yeah. Luckily I reminded myself that these girls were not worth my time and energy and said some smart ass remark and got in line. I know this is not Excaliber's fault per se, but I choose not to go places where I have to deal with nonsense such as that.
First time in Vegas, wanting something cheap and clean, upon check in the person checking us in confirmed that we wanted a "non-smoking room". We didn't end up getting into our room until 7am and upon arrival the stench of cigarette smoke welcomed us, the bathroom door wouldn't lock, the button on the television to turn it on was broken and the water in the shower would not drain. I understand that it was cheap and old but it was absolutely disgusting. Upon checkout I mentioned the above to the receptionist, she had only this to reply, "some of the rooms don't even have comforters" with a tone like, "it could've been worse......piece of crap! they need to tear this hotel down because not only is it an eyesore, it's time has come and gone
I didn't even stay here. I just walked through it and got the worst case of the creeps I have ever experienced. 3 words. Drunken. Old. Gamblers. Not pretty. Actually it is extremely depressing. Remind me to never walk through there again! Couldn't WAIT to get back to my hotel after this! (p.s. stay at the four seasons)
What in the HELL?!?!? literally we were in hell!. . Came here this past weekend with a bunch of coworkers to get away from LA and work. There were 8 of us so we got 2 rooms with 2 beds. We chose the smoking rooms since we were lazy and did not want to bother going to the casino to smoke.. . Damn! we all got stuffed in the 1st floor of the  casino so pretty much pointless in getting the smoking room. I know smoking rooms are at the bottom of the hotels but at least put us in the 2nd floor! 1st floor has shitty signals for our phones..we were pretty much isolated from the world! . . The room felt like a motel rather than a hotel. Actually I've stayed at better motels compare to this place. There was no ice machine on our side of the hall so, we had to walk across to the other side to get our ice. There was NO i repeat NO coffee maker in the room!! I thought that was pretty standard when staying in a hotel or motel. Although our bathroom was pretty roomy for 4 girls, we had a walk in shower! SMH! . . Overall disappointed in staying at this hotel. Xing Excalibur in my choices of hotel to stay in vegas. BUT maybe i'll come back to check out Thunder from Down Under! lol
Although the rates are good, I just spent three nights there.  Bottom line - you have a lot of other choices - choose somewhere else to stay.  The people are nice but the bed was like sleeping on a hardwood floor, (and no you don't spend much time in the hotel sleeping in Vegas when you get such bad sleep, it's hard to get up and stay up when you have a sore back), carpets were old and the room was not clean.  None of the express check out machines worked and there was an inch of dust on them (take them away if you aren't going to fix them).  Spend a little more and get a decent room somewhere else!
I stayed here over the weekend because i had friends flying in from the east coast who already booked a few rooms, and it was cheap. The non renovated rooms are a joke.  I would rather bring a sleeping bag and sleep on one of those overpass crosswalks listening to some lady say "water for a dollar" all night.  The renovated rooms are nicer and good if you don't plan on spending any time in the room other than sleeping and showering (like me).  The pool scene was pretty sad.  I watched a gang fight almost break out by the elevators.  Hotel Management was not friendly and useless resolving an issue with our room keys. The only food we found was fast food and needed to walk to the Luxor to get something decent to eat.  They also charge a $14 per day "resort fee" when you check out.  Excalibur, not a fan.
Ghetto! No wi-fi and room service stops at 2pm!! Seriously disappointed. Jacuzzi didn't work right. Furniture was falling apart. Very sad hotel.
The price will temp you, but if you fall for it just about everything else will disappoint you.  The rooms are a small step up from a motel 6.  I called the front desk to ask if they had any toothpaste because I had forgotten mine.  Apparently not trying to win any customer service awards, the insipid "lady" on the other end said, "No", and hung up.  Not even a, "No, sorry", or a "No, but you can buy some at the shitty convenience store near the elevators", just a " No".  Do yourself a favor and spend a couple more bucks to stay at a nicer hotel, you won't regret passing up whatever "deals" this dump happens to be offering.. . Oh, and the wifi is about 500 times slower than dial-up.  What a waste of $10.
Las Vegas is all about THEME hotels. Don't let the castle exterior fool you. The real theme here is. DMV meets a cattle car meets Oklahoma morbidly obese convention, meets half exploded meth lab. CLASSY!. . I made the mistake of trying to save money since my Vegas trip was pure business. "I just need a place to sleep while I attend this convention" I thought." BIG deal if this place is tacky!" . . Just pay an extra 30 bucks and stay somewhere where the rooms do not smell of mustard , and where they actually care about your business.. . They do not even have wifi.
Never again will I stay here.  Our room was descent, but this review will focus more on the casino.  First off, their ventilation system sucks ass.  If you're not a smoker, you might as well be if you go to the Excalibur.  As soon as you walk in you get a huge wiff of smoke and smell like you've taken a shower in ash.  Although the minimum for the tables are cheap ($5), you def get what you pay for in terms of ambiance.  Our room was in Tower II (the OLD tower) and at the other end of the entrance.  Also, we were on the 25th floor and on the last night we were there, the elevator kept passing our floor.  We were all ready to go out in our heals and dresses only to find out that we had to take the stairs all the way down.  I hate to bitch, but the staircase also wreaked (sp?) of cigarette smoke.  I'd hate to get stuck here...worst nightmare come true. The morning we checked out, which was at 6am the elevator still didn't stop at our floor.  Luckily we only had to go down 1 flight w/ our luggage and the elevator stopped on the 24th floor.  FML...I'm super tired and exhausted and the damn elevator doesn't work properly.  What a way to end the trip.   Supposedly Tower I has the updated rooms with flat screens and those are the pictures that the Excalibur has on their website.  So if you're planning a stay here, request Tower I.
Room was not cleaned when we checked in. Housekeeping took almost an hour to get to our room, after we requested their service. No doubt the front desk was nice, and followed up on us about half hour into it, but it was still an hour before we got our rooms cleaned.. . The rooms smelt like smoke even though it was a non-smoking room. There were no fridges, microwaves, or even a coffee maker. =/
Be prepared to pay for "Mandatory hidden fees"!
Landfill. Sorry but it is.
Wow! The bell hop said we couldnt use a cart, like it was his property, so after carrying a boat load of stuff,  I had to put something down briefly, in like 1 minutes time another hotel guest came up and stole it!! When I went to talk to security, the guy was acting like a complete jerk, coping a major attitude. . I told him I didnt want to argue with him and would appreciate it if the manger called me, he took down my number and I never got a return call for the 4 days I stayed.  . During my stay, I also previously stayed at The Riviera, who only charged me only $30 to get a late check out at 6pm!!!  Excalibur wanted $40 and wanted me out by 3pm!  . I also did alot of gambling and was never offered a drink, the entire time. The view room is considered a room staring at the back of the castle, can't even see any of the strip. . I said I was never going to stay there again when I visited in march, yet I found myself there again, so once again, I will never stay there again... And I mean it this time!!
The spa only gets one star from me. I would give less if possible. My friend and I were getting the $75 spa mani and pedi. It would have been a better experience to do it myself at home. First, they added an extra $15 for each of us for a "spa fee" for a total of $90 each. We were taken back to a small room together and our manicures consisted of getting our nails painted. That's it. The pedicure was toes painted and no foot/ leg massage, just a little lotion rubbed on your feet. This was on Wed. By Friday the paint on my fingers and toes was completely chipped. This was the biggest waste of money ever! $180 for this! What a total rip off!! I will do mine at home from now on or go to the Korean guy on the corner if I want a real mani/ pedi. It was was essentially $180 for two ladies to get there fingernails and toenails painted. Save your money and avoid this scam.
I read all the Yelp reviews warning about staying at Excalibur, but instead, we let our budget dictate where we stayed and ended up staying at the Excalibur after all and for the most part, regretting it.. . PROS:. -Cheap. We stayed here mid-August for $32/night, plus resort fee...very good rate!. -Family Friendly.....there's an arcade downstairs!. -Cheap food court in hotel. They have everything, McDonald's, Quizno's, DQ/Orange Julius, Starbucks, Krispy Kremes, Chinese Food, coffee cafes at reasonable prices for the strip.. . CONS:. -Excalibur is far, far, FAR away from the centre of the strip. You have to do A LOT of walking in the blazing hot sun across catwalks and through hotels to get places (unless you want to fork the money over for cabs).. -Drab decor. -No refrigerators (unless you want to pay $15/day). -A few minutes after we turned on the shower, it smelled like butt. Seriously, no other way to describe it other than butt. Luckily it went away after a few minutes, but I wasn't too impressed with that.. -It takes a long time to walk to the bus stop (called the "Deuce"), which is by the Coca Cola Store.. . TIP#1 If you do stay here, bring a cooler and buy all your drinks ahead of time or at a grocery store or some place cheaper. Anything is cheaper than in the hotel...even the ABC/convenience type stores near Excalibur (especially for water)!. . TIP#2: If you want a sit down breakfast close to Excalibur, go over to "America" in New York, New York hotel instead of Denny's. You'll wait FOREVER to get a table in Denny's, but you can walk into "America" (FYI -Portions are HUGE at America, try sharing). . Note: A taxi ride from the LAS airport to Excalibur will cost you about $15.. . OVERALL: This hotel was okay since it fit our budget, but all the walking in 115 degree F weather was too much....it drained our energy levels and our feet and legs hurt. I don't really care about decor when I'm on a budget....but next time, I'd consider paying a little extra just to stay in a more central location on the strip.
Just to begin this review of this hotel, I want to say that you should be warned that as of right now this place is going out of it's way to sell it's time share called The Grandview.  We were constantly and irritatingly molested by Philipinos in suits at every single entrance to the hotel and casino.  Even walking over to the Luxor we were molested to recieve "free gifts" that required you to give them $50 to go be at the mercy of some stupid time share demo.  Having to tell someone you aren't interested ten times a day when you use the bathroom next to the doors in the casino is unacceptable.  And they are just doing it to save money on advertising.  MORONIC!!. . Now for my review of this horrid hotel:. . For staying in one of the "new remodeled rooms", I had many baseline expectations that weren't met at all, when I put down these baseline expectations, note that we moved to THE ORLEANS after only one day staying here for 1/3 the price and had the opposite of every single one:. 1) The internet was cable only and as a computer geek, even I couldn't get it to work no matter what I did.  No WIFI to speak of.. 2)  No coffee maker, something that is standard even in every Motel 6.. 3)  The sheets had several rips in them.. 4)  No water pressure to speak of in the shower.. 5)  Old concaved mattresses.. 6)  EVERY line, from signing up for "MLife" to checking/out was about 30 minutes long.. 7)  Computers when we finally did get up to the head of the checkin/checkout lines, were down BOTH times.. . For the price we paid for the room, approx $99, for the one night, we SHOULD'VE had:. 1)  Refrigerators in the rooms.. 2)  The "WIDESCREEN REMODELED ROOMS" in Tower II had no HDTV to speak of, the reception was so bad that the 27" tubed tv from 1995 in The Orleans put it to shame.  Their technology should be well upgraded by now, it's 2011 and when you "remodel" something, it pays to update the hardware.. 3)  Where is the WIFI?  This was a MAJOR complaint, for the price of these rooms, you would think it wouldn't take much to put WIFI connections throughout the building and create a sweet network.  I could do it and I'm not even a professional.. . All in all, the bad things outweighed the good things, which were really nothing that great that I couldn't get it anywhere else or expect any less.  If you want to be molested by Philipino imports every second and be in a dirty expensive hotel then by all means, go here.. . If you want an awesome experience with no lines, great food, wifi, and don't mind being off the strip at $35 a night, then go to The Orleans.  Great GREAT experience here.
About 20 or so years ago Vegas was trying to market itself as a "family vacation destination". Luckily Vegas got smart and decided to stick to "adult entertainment", which it does best.. . Excalibur is a big, tacky reminder of this failed attempt at good clean family fun (with a little bit of naughty mixed in). . . The rooms are cheap and the location is great and if that's all you really care about, I say go for it. Because its Vegas, and all you really need a room for is sleeping and storing your stuff, right??? WRONG!. . You will spend more time in your room than you think, so be comfortable. A nice room & hotel accoutrements will also help get you in a Vegas state of mind.
Breakdown:. . Rooms - Terrible.  The room and furniture were old and low quality amenities in the rooms.  I read that the rooms were renovated, keep in mind that we did NOT stay in a renovated room (I thought all the rooms were renovated).  Put it like this.. showering the first morning my immediate thought was to check myself for bed bug bites (thankfully there were none).. . It is one of the cheaper hotels on The Strip but we didn't even feel that we got what we paid for it.  It's a nice location (the reason why we picked it) but in the future I would gladly pay more for a better room than the one we stayed.. . The casino and sports book are pretty small and not very exciting.  There was duct tape on the carpet holding down some temporary wires, etc.  It just felt blah inside.  The clientele and workers of the hotel/casino reflect the care level of the Excalibur.. . My buddy ate at the hotel buffet for breakfast one morning and said it was worse than the dorm food from college (thank goodness I slept in that morning).  Every hotel has a nice restaurant anchor, the Excalibur has Dick's Last Resort.  I think that says enough.
For someone who has been to Vegas many times and stayed at motels and hotels countless numbers of times, this was one of the worst. Something you wouldn't expect from a themed hotel on the strip, right?. . Pros: .  - I liked that the window of the room opened a tiny bit. Barely opened, but most rooms are completely sealed.. - View was pretty nice even if most of it was the parking lot. Nice sunset, mountains, and people-watching.. - TV was decent sized widescreen (but had a terrible picture). . Cons: . - Hardly a trace of the "Excalibur" atmosphere anymore. - One bedspread smelled like a man's body odor, very gross. Hotel never ended up replacing it, we tried telling housekeeping but she did not understandand did not speak very good English.. - The "ice bucket" looked like it was used to make another kind of "ice". It was burned very bad on the bottom, very weird and gross.. - There was dried urine on the TOP of the toilet lid, again - very strange. What happened in this room?. - Shower only, no bathtub. Most places like this have a shower-bath. Was kind of a bummer. Got up on the counter after walking miles and soaked my feet in the sink instead.. . The worst part? Below.. . Housekeeping entered our room without permission, while we were inside, TWICE. I found this to be very rude, as both times we had the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door, and both times were way before our checkout time!! Our side of the door only locked from the outside after it was closed, so both times they knocked, and then after NOT being told to enter, because we were sitting around in our pajamas in the morning, watching TV, and in the bathroom busy getting dressed, they BARGE in and the second time I am in the bathroom, doing my hair and this dude barges in, rudely asks if we are checking out soon, I said yes? and he finally left. What the fuck? This has never happened to me at any hotel or motel, ever!. . If you're in Vegas, don't stay here. Stay anywhere but here.. . The only reason I didn't formally complain to Excalibur (other than Twitter, which they ignored) was because the room was in my friend's name and paid for by him, not me.
Incredibly smoky so they pump a foul acrid scent into the air near elevators and in the casino.  It made my nose sting and my throat sore.  The bed was like sleeping on a board; the floor would have been more comfortable.  No decent food places in the hotel/casino and the crappy ones in the food court close early.  The room service is only until 2 p.m.   Yes!  Really!  It isn't available after 2 p.m.  They have no wireless access.  Their buffet food was barely edible and even though it was one of the cheaper ones at $15 for lunch, the food choices made it more expensive since we ate very little of the slop.  They serve only American beers like Budweiser or Coors in their bars.  One bridge away and you can have decent beer, decent food, and a relatively decent atmosphere for a casino.
Stayed in the widescreen rooms, which are actually decent rooms.  The view from the outside of the hotel is awesome, like Walt Disney invaded Vegas.  What kills it are all the people trying to sell time shares.  I walked by a guy 3 times in 5 minutes, and each time was asked if I was going to be in Vegas long.  The customer service blows, nobody is friendly, and the casino smelled like a shoe.
I feel bad complaining since the room was so cheap, but some of the things were pretty bad.. 1. It was 40-50 degrees this past weekend we stayed and the heater was broken...brrrr!!! . 2. We booked 2 rooms and asked that they be next to each other, we were initially on complete opposite ends of the hall. This was fixed after a quick phone call.. 3. The valet doesn't offer to help with your luggage or even ask if you need a cart for luggage...maybe I'm just spoiled? . 4. Our friends' room was less than clean. There were what appaeared to be pubic hairs on the bathroom floor and an old jellybean on the side of the bed. . 5. We usually left our room after noon and housekeeping NEVER once came to clean our room...usually they check back don't they? That's at least what I'm used to.. 6. Buffet was wiggedy whack...don't bother. It is comparable to microwave dinners. You're  probably better off getting a microwave dinner. . 7. There are people every five feet soliciting free show tickets. Annoying. . . In all, this place is a good place to stay if you don't mind all of the above and are short on cash flow. I however, mind and will not be staying here ever again.
STAY AWAY!! The manager "on duty" MARCO AZIPE is a huge A-HOLE who doesn't know how to do his job. I had a complaint and he started to get rude and condescending. I asked to speak to his boss and he told me "they hire him to take complaints" and he "is the highest person" there." Really? Call me when you don't have "on duty" at the end of your title. Most cocky person I have ever met.. . I guess he is working at the right place, sucky person, sucky hotel.. . 0 stars!!!
Why a one star review?. . My room smelled like raw sewage.. . We complained to the front desk several times to fix the problem or change our room. They advised us the hotel was fully booked, but they would fix the problem.. . Their fix?. . A man came up to my room, plugged his nose unceremoniously at the overpowering smell of assholes and proceeded to spray a can of glade around the room for a solid two minutes. . . My room now smelled like someone was embarrassed they had unloaded a monstrous shit and was trying, unsuccessfully, to cover it up with cheap perfume.. . They did this twice.. . Further, the hotel is outdated, and the casino smells like a wet ashtray. . . Brutal place, do what you have to do, pay what you have to pay, to stay away from here. . . It is just not worth it.
I really dislike this hotel. It smells like smoke. It is dirty. The rooms are awful (once we stayed here for one night years ago...and there was blood on the sheets). . . Even when you are getting comp drinks at the bar while playing on the machine - they can't comp you any higher then "well" vodka.. . I know you don't really end up staying in your room alot while you are in Vegas but...I just can't stay here.
If you're going to pay their rates, go spend it somewhere else.  The employees suck big time!  Nobody cares about you, they just see you as "tip money".  They look at you and figure out how much you are worth and talk with you accordingly.  Front desk has the worst customer non-service ever.  Ask questions and they mumble answers and point to a booklet and tell you what the upgrade price is and make you hurry to answer them.  They don't tell you that if you join the "M" club, you can defer your upgrade from points.  We had to learn the hard way.  We "upgraded" and Iwouldn't call that an upgrade, we faced a wall with a/c units.  Ugh. Rooms were "dark".  Someone broke glass in the hallway and it took four days for housekeeping to notice and finally vacuum it up...duh.  If you are going to pay the price....go to Bellagio or something comparable, this hotel doesn't need your moola.  You can lose it in the machines...that would be maing better use of your lost money!
Watch the illegal maids.  They will steal anything.  They are the worst!!
I think when this hotel was first built it was based upon Vegas becoming a family resort instead of sin city as it was suppose to be. My how time have changed, what old is new again and it goes by the saying, "if it ain't broke don't fix it." Well, the time have passed this place by, the place is a bit tired looking and given the entertainment below ground there is this smell of horse poop that lingers with you. I was lucky not to get a room here, but I would say this is a place stay aways from.
worst hotel on the strip...well, take that back...2nd worst (Circus Circus Oh My!).  completely in need of renovation inside and out.  my friend said the hotel room was so bad that they should pay you to stay there.  yeah.  the interior is one big labyrinth, and an ugly one at that!  i remember puke-y yellows and golds and whites and dirtiness everywhere.  ugh.  i know its cheap to stay here, but under no circumstances should you do so.
This hotel SUCKS! Its dirty, and smelly the moment you walk in. Avoid this one bitch,   Alisha at the blackjack tables! She's rude as hell.
I've never given a hotel just 1 star before.. . I'm here for a family occasion, but I like Vegas for the excitement, and things to do, pretty much other than gambling. I thought the castle-thingy was cute for my 4 year old daughter. It was... she was so impressed when we got here, and not really knowing any better, I think she still is. She's the only one who will leave impressed at all.. Symbolic was a beer bottle left in the corner of an elevator when we checked in at 4PM. Same bottle was still there at 10PM. Wallpaper in my room is peeling off on the bedroom wall that has the shower on the other side. The clothing closet has no doors on it. Every time you walk thru the lobby, a guy will try to pull you over to an agent who wants to sign you up for a tour of the Grandview Hotel, and in exchange, they'll comp you a show or two, maybe some time at the Excalibur. I didn't do it, and now that I've read horrible things about the timeshare organization RCI that promotes this, I certainly won't.. I'm here on yelp to leave this review, and to find a more suitable hotel for the rest of our stay.  You do get the feeling that management here isn't paying attention, and they might not be getting paid to actually do so. I'm kicking myself for not checking reviews before we reserved, but since it's right "on the Vegas strip", I never would have imagined it could have been like THIS.  I supposed that--if I was gambling--I'd have given them an extra star. This place is BARE BONES, and your bones friggin' STINK!
I think I would rather stay at a prostitute filled motel on PCH! The first room we got was FILTHY! The spreads were ripped and tattered, the drapes were splattered with something nasty, and the dresser was chipped  and raggedy. AND THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE THE UPGRADED ROOM!  There is no tub, microwave or mini fridge, and the "complimentary" ($12.50 nightly fee) high speed internet isn't WiFi!!  I mean who uses wired internet these days???
Absolute worst hotel I have ever stayed at.  They forced us to pay a 15 dollar "Resort Fee" which they charge to everyone per day you stay there.  They said that the fee is for internet use, pool access, and fax use.  This would be reasonable if the POOLS WERE OPEN and their internet was only accessable through wired internet hookups.  All 4 of their pools were closed and they were unsympathetic.   When we got to our room, it stank of vinegar and we could hear the people next to us talking through the paper thin walls.  . . We were constantly harrassed by employees trying to get us to participate in a timeshare presentation.   From what I hear, this is the new norm in ANY MGM owned hotel including LUXOR.   . . The rooms were bare bones, and I even paid for a deluxe room.  It did not come with a microwave, fridge, or a view.  Instead I had a view of a parking lot.. . Woke up to the sound of everyone slamming their doors shut as they left.  . . We will not be back.  I will recommend to all family and friends that they stay in other hotels.
Checked in 3/11/12 1:30am for one night.. . I accidentally left my I.D during check in at the front desk.  Didn't realize until later that day.  The lost and found Department closed Sundays by 4pm.  I went back Monday morning around 9am ish to the Security Booth Lost and Found.  The fat white man at the booth was a complete A-Hole.   I wasn't rude when I showed up.  I had never lost anything before and this guy expected me to know the routine.  Why do people always assume you know the routine when dealing with customer service??  I sure as hell don't and I am in sales.  Always treat the customer with a smile no matter what!!  He finally got someone to bring my I.D to the booth after 20 mins of waiting.  The girl was looking for 2 other items this fat security had on his desk in a bin.  He could have easily handed me my I.D and I could have been on my way.  He decided to put my I.D on the side and take his sweet ass time looking for the other 2 items that took another 15 mins.  I felt like slapping his ass into next week!!  NEVER AGAIN WILL I STAY IN THIS HORROR PLACE!   The rooms were not that great.  Place was really dirty like everyone had told me.
The hotel itself may be nice, but the "service" I received from Tim at the front "sea bar" jaded me from returning to this place. After throwing $100 into the video slot at the bar he approached us for drinks. We ordered two vodka and cranberries. To my surprise, he came back with a bill for $20. No problem, we will just blow the money  and head back to the casino floor. I noticed that the drinks were unusually dark and upon tasting I found little to no vodka. Isn't the point to Vegas to liquor you up so you dump more money into the games?!?! Guess this guy missed Vegas 101. I told him that the drinks were way to weak, to which he replied "I already put a fucking double shot in there" and yanked the drinks from us. He went and actually poured two doubles while staring at us, dumped them into a new drink and slammed them in front of us. Even though he was being a complete jerk, I threw down $6 for his tip. As the money landed on the counter he SLAMMED a shot glass in front of me with a receipt in it for me to sign ($0 total, I suppose he was doing it for effect). I hit cash out on the machine, picked up the $6 tip, and got the hell out of there. I will probably not go back to the Excalibur based on this. I would recommend walking down to New York New York. Much better service, and no "Tims" working at the bar.
Excalibur! What has happened to you? If I could write reviews on Excalibur when I was a kid, before MGM bought you, you would have been a fabulous 5 star rating - but then again, that was when you had knights and princesses walking around and the decor was much cuter and more theme-y. . . But now... you're corporatized, bland and quite frankly - horrible. The rooms are very outdated, the decor is very plain-jane, and the staff look like they've been there since the real Excalibur was known as the Sword In The Stone days. Is there anyone - waitresses included, but gogo dancers excluded, that works at Excalibur that's under 40 years old, or at least LOOKS under 40? That sounds ageist, but really.. this is a vain city, is it really too much to ask? . . That being said, I suppose that's why you're one of the cheapest hotels on the strip, right? Because everything else absolutely blows. Buffet is CRAP, do NOT do the breakfast or lunch buffet. Also, DO NOT eat at any of the restaurants IN Excalibur. I repeat and urge you of this. My friends and I (6 of us total) ate at the Buca DiBeppo that's inside Excalibur, and 5 out of 6 of us got food poisoning and spent the entire weekend in our rooms throwing up. The 6th member of our group didn't get it because she had recently gotten the stomach flu and her immune system was already built up against the crappy food, not to mention, she barely ate anything.. . Don't stay here ever.. you can use the same money off the strip or at any of the other similarly cheap hotels - I bet Circus Circus is just as bad... good?..bad! as Excalibur is now.
This is not a good hotel.  It's cheap, which is probably it's only allure.  Here's what I didn't like:. . The air conditioning in our room was so loud that it sounded like someone was vacuuming in the room every time it turned on.  Woke us up all night.. . My bath towel smelled like smoke.  We are non-smokers.  I know, in Vegas, people smoke.  But, it would be nice if they would launder the towels to not smell like smoke.. . The window shade had holes in it.  One bedsheet was torn.  Another had a cigarette burn in it.. . The shower was low-pressure and the spray pattern was poor.. . Only one bar of soap in the bathroom and the body wash was terrible.. . An HDTV showing all standard def and very limited channel choices.. . Loud neighbors and drunk people.  As soon as we got to our room a drunk guy kept pestering us for directions to the room he was looking for.  We had to repeat the directions several times.  We were tired and trying to just get into our room.  Then, that night people hollered down the hall, whooping and carrying on, at 3 a.m.  Then, proceeded to retch and groan for the next half an hour.. . I have stayed in some nice hotels.  I am not comparing this budget hotel to those.  I am comparing it to similar places like the La Quinta Inn or Holiday Inn.  This is not a good hotel.  Honestly, you can pay about the same or maybe a little more and get a much nicer stay.  I suggest you do.
I will never stay at this hotel again. The Excalibur is the worst hotel on the strip. They have horrible cell phone reception.The customer service is bad. They are very rude. The towels in the hotel smelled burnt. I woke up one morning to find cockroaches crawling over my shoes. I wish I could post pictures to this site.  I think I am a fair and reasonable person but I will not recommend this place to anyone.
DO . . NOT. . STAY . . HERE.. . Our room got ROBBED by a crackhead that broke through our hotel room window. Somehow their crappy security let him get through to a restricted area, allowing him to break into not just our room but FOUR OTHER HOTEL ROOMS!!!!!!! The workers here were VERY rude to us, & not accommodating or sympathetic at all. We asked to be reimbursed for the items that were damaged and stolen from us and they did not give us JACK!! The least they could have done was reimburse us.. . And on top of all that, our room was DISGUSTING and the entire hotel smells like SHIT!!!!!!!!! . . Seriously, do not stay here. Worst hotel on the strip.. . P.S. Their buffet effing SUCKS!!!! Also, we had a view of a BRICK WALL!!! WTF????
I wish I could give Excalibur no stars. I think this place is in need of a makeover. That makeover being imploding the damn thing and getting it off the Strip because it's an eyesore inside and out. . . I get it, it's probably the one place in Las Vegas parents can really take their kids to. The theme is kiddy, they have a "Dungeon" full of games and carnival-type experiences. The shows here are comical/fun. It's all about fun, fun, fun here!. . Unfortunately the place is a dump. It stinks. The casino floor has that early 90s vibe to it. The food court is odd and out of place. The buffet is horrible. Other dining options are ridiculous too: Bucca di Bepo (poor excuse for Italian) and Dick's Last Resort. Okay, I've never been to Dick's, but who really wants to be insulted by their waiter? And of course the new BBQ joint, which I've heard good things about, and would be more apt to try... if it wasn't in Excalibur.. . I cannot comment on their rooms since I've never stayed here, but I can only imagine what they must be like, unless of course, they've been renovated.. . Overall this place just needs to go away. It's from a different era, one of which we moved on from a long time ago.
Oh, where do I start? I too would have given this hotel a big fat zero!!!. . I have stayed here before and had a great time. This time around it was AWFUL! . . It started with checking in, we did get to check in early which was cool! Yay this is going to be a great trip!!! UNTIL... we get to our room seemed clean except a little dusty (I'm allergic to dust so that was fun) as we are unpacking we get a knock on the door. Hello, are you checking out today... hmm no... we just checked in.. oh?! says the supervisor... great... let's hope they cleaned the room...and off we go about our day... I do say.. we had a good view that we paid for of course they didn't have any free upgrades available.. good thing I didn't tip the desk person before asking.. . . We woke up to stained sheets.. awesome... although laundered who wants to wake up to blood stained sheets?! Now the fun begins... We obviously went down to tell the front desk whom had no clue who was in charge.. "I'm sorry you'll have to talk to the people down there (points to the other end of the LONG desk" when we arrive there we hear "I'm sorry you'll have to talk to the people down there (right where we just were) and OH I can't help you I'm not logged in" hmm right.. We did get the manager and she was great. She quickly helped us and ended up getting a credit applied to our room.. plus the sheets changed.. Sounds great right? Until we tried to use this credit! Wait for it this happens later.... . Off to the pool. The pool was great! Make sure you go get your drinks and food the wait staff is soooo slow! It's worth paying for the poolside seats and don't let them make you pay 50 bucks they will give it to you for 40! Just say someone told you. seems they don't have a set price. OH the food at the pool was the best in the whole hotel no joke! and it didn't cost 20 bucks for a 5 dollar hot dog! Just get up and get it yourself LOL So, we have this credit right so let's spend it at the pool right? Well, the credit wasn't on our account.. really?!  more excuses from the front desk on how it wasn't their fault that it wasn't there blah blah blah.. the manager at the spa made it happen all good again... however loosing more time.. . . The gambling (tables) were good but I noticed that the guests were not tipping so please tip people these guys make min wage! Plus it's much more fun when the dealer is happy! The slots were sooooo tight it was like gambling in Seattle horrible!. . OK, we go to check out late.. called the front desk to make sure we use up the last of the credit and make sure that we use it for late checkout.. what credit.. holy moly not this again! another half hour wasted going through all the BS (Remember this is the highlights of the trip) and once again we get to hear the "it wasn't me, not my fault blah blah" finally get the OK to stay late and check out at 1pm. Off we go on our way... Until 12:30 when we go to retrieve our things from our room... the keys don't work... the desk didn't advise us that we had to get new keys.. really?! now that's the way to take care of your already mad customers.. we call the front desk AGAIN explained what happened and again not my fault blah blah OH and they say... we have a new system and everyone is having problems with it (that would explain why you don't get your mlife points).. they sent security to let us in.. never showed.. we had to go down and get security ourselves... . . As we are on our way to the airport we are expecting a credit to our credit card for now our free upgrade... and we get an email from the front desk that we now have a zero balance charge.. seriously??? we have to call again? . . So needless to say.. even though the MGM owns this place it seriously sucks! My friends stayed with us and didn't upgrade but... housekeeping broke her phone charger and it was like pulling teeth to get a credit to her credit card to replace the charge and went on a hunt to get a charger. awesome.... . OH... the "free internet" was awful! so slow! I just used my iphone!
Beware the Timeshare agents!  Good for a fun, cheap crash pad with a comfy bed, but I had a LOT of trouble reaching anyone when my flight was canceled for the day. The phone system is ancient. Also, by having not booked directly I was treated like a 2nd class citizen. My biggest complaint is that they have a timeshare office in their main lobby and kiosks at every entrance and elevator, so going to and from my room meant my boyfriend and I were harassed every time: "Hi, you going to see a show? Free showsfor $50 ransom money you get back after a 2 hour demo." Just let me walk to the pool in peace, please!!  As long as the Timeshare agents are in this hotel, I won't be back.
NASTY HOTEL !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When you come in smells like some one DIE IN IT !!!
Yeah, just don't.  We had the kids with us this time, and thought it'd be fun and would be such a novelty for us to stay at a 'castle'...yeah, but no.  Move on to the next hotel you're considering...but if you must know, let me tell you:. . - Room smelled as old as it looked. - Sheets and towels were stained http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o7AiTlyWUrBSzdz6oMHj5w?select=sPpq5PaPK3tHR354o4mXcg. - There's no tub. - You'll hear the wind howl like a banshee through your window . - Registration line was looooong. - Decor looked like it was purchased from a garage sale http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/o7AiTlyWUrBSzdz6oMHj5w?select=_zPXBcStYGFQ_ZYdITQaRA. - The folks in the lobby who try to sell you show tickets are pushy and rude. - Parking is outdoors and no direct access to the hotel. . And if this is not enough to convince you, here's the kicker:  Our window had a broken lock and I called THREE times to get it fixed and they never did.  It would have been a long fall from the 26th floor.  A blatant disregard for safety, especially when I mentioned our two small children (7 & 5) were with us.. . Yeah, just DON'T.  Never again for us!
I was completely underwhelmed by the whole experience here. Not only do the machines pay nothing. But also I must have had my invisible suit on because not one server came by to see if I wanted a coke , coffee or beer. My room was OK, but the toilet in my families room next door didn't work and neither did their hair dryer for the gals. And even when I was leaving EARLY they wanted to give the money back but didn't even have a toll free number to call.
What an unforgettable time visiting the Excalibur. First, I went there because we were looking for a pasta meal and their website advertised that they had a Buca di Beppo, which we love. Got there, only to discover, after much hunting, that the restaurant had not opened yet and the person we were able to find to assist us, after much searching, couldn't have cared less. At that point we decided to head over to Mandalay Bay to eat.  Of course, the easiest way to get to that other property is to take their monorail.  We could find no signs directing us to the place to board and, literally, saw no employees that we could ask at all. Overall, a pitiful experience not worth repeating. Plenty of other properties on the strip to give business to. Time to implode this dump anyway.
You get what you pay for. You swear this place was infested with the ghetto scene. Scary to visit places inside.
My Sister and her family returned to their room yesterday to find that two IPads and a few other itmes were stolen.  Hotel staff was not very helpful and they will not get any reimbursement for stolen items.   In reading other reviews it seems that this is not out of the ordinary.  Do not stay here!!
Its been 2hrs waiting in line to check in to the hotel. The line is extremely long hundreds of people maybe even a thousand, for a hotel to have this long of a check in line is inexcusable. I really wish i had chosen another hotel for attending EDC. They have not been at all helpful in trying to compensate me for my time and patience. I came alone and have needed to pee for the past hr but cant get out of line. This is the worst experience i've ever had in vegas.
So the weekend of EDC (electric daisy carnival), one of the biggest events to take place in vegas, apparently the excalibur hotel computer systems are down or some other poor excuse that it takes 4 hours to CHECK in. Absolutely absurd! Nobody takes a trip to Vegas and wastes four hours of their precious vacation time to wait four hours in a bloody line to get checked in to the hotel room. Its already five o clock and the line has been equally long since noon. . . poor delivery and preparation for this event definitely gives this place 1 star. Very disappointed.
This hotel wasn't ready for the amount of guests that it booked. They double booked our room even though we had made reservations months in advance. we were finally given a room (hours later).  we went out to enjoy our day/night, when we came back we discovered our keys no longer opened our doors. We had to  go back down to the lobby at 4am to get new keys.  To top off this horrific weekend stay,the hotel has a  resort fee that they neglect to tell you about when you check-in.  However,  I asked Prytzel (my desk clerk) if there were any other fees I needed to pay when I checked in.  She said "no unless you use room service." I had to debate with my check-out clerk, Cora, about not paying this fee that was not mentioned to me at my check-in or displayed at the check-in counter. This place is terrible. We will not stay here ever again.
DO NOT BOOK ONLINE. THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY TWICE. The week I was in Vegas they had the computer SYSTEM DOWN TWICE. Plus like many other reviews you see here, when you come home late at night your card key will not let you in the room. My friends and I were charged online via confirmation they could not check so they took our cards charged again, then charged us a third time when our key cards did not work late at night! Do not take this risk. Don't gamble on your place to stay.
Arrived at Excalibur at 4am with a 2 year old who was very fussy and tired as a last resort, cheap room until we had to check in to the Mandalay the next day. When we first arrived, 2 agents were both with different large families who were complaining about something. I waited in line for *45* minutes along with many other frustrated people. There were two "managers" on duty, or whatever they were just standing there looking like idiots. When we would ask them for help, keep in mind some people were just asking for new keys because they wouldn't work, they put us back in line and didn't apologize for anything. As I finally came up to the counter, the woman gave me a bitchy look as I asked her if she had any half day or special rates, (we were staying for 3 hours) and she snapped at me! THE RATE IS 80 DOLLARS, IF YOU WANT TO GET A CHEAPER RATE, BOOK AT HOTELS.COM. So my fiance went and called hotels.com, and after being on hold with them, walked back and was told that they don't do same day reservations since it was before 3 am. Went to sit back down and my daughter was screaming at the top of her lungs and throwing a fit. They kept staring at me, and did not care to help, after everyone had ending up walking away because of the wait. I am not impressed at all. I can appreciate the atmosphere of the Excalibur, however the customer service is terrible, and they should be ashamed that they would ever treat guests that way.. . Very unprofessional. And very offputting.
Overall, it was a bad experience. But if you want a story, I'll give you a story.. . So I come on the weekend of EDC, a weekend event with a 100,000+ attendees. All I can say is that there were a lot of lines and a very unpleasant experience. Since check in at the hotel is after 3pm, we come at about 4:15pm to see a line that loops around the lobby and casino. After an hour in the line, I estimated that it would take another two at least based on the pace. I find out that the computers at Excalibur and MGM are down for a few days and a few more to come.. understandable, but just barely. Employees pass out free drink vouchers throughout the line to alleviate the stress. Too bad you can't get drunk off their stingy well drinks. I planned to eat at the Wynn buffet with friends at 6:30 that night, definitely not happening. Thanks. At 7:45 we get to the registration and it takes about ten minutes to get us our rooms through the computer. They upgrade our room from the cheapest room to a slightly less cheap room (a $10/night difference), how sweet of them. We rush to our rooms to find out that the room they assigned us to already had occupants as blatantly visible by the bags, clothes, and electronics left throughout the room.. . Okay. Are you serious, Excalibur? You just gave us access to someone's room. I could've easily stolen anything. Seriously. What the hell. . . I use the hotel room phone to call front desk and tell them that the room they gave us already had people in it. The woman on the phone is shocked by this, so shocked that she hangs up on me. Another strike, Excalibur. I call them again and another woman answers and apologizes and tells us to come down to the lobby. We lug our baggage across the hall, down the elevator, through the casino, and back to the lobby where a rude ass front desk woman questioned us about the validity of the pre-occupied room. She eventually gave us another room, one with a slightly dysfunctional door, but at least it was empty on the inside. At this point, I was ready to use those free drink vouchers, all forty of them. Yeah, they gave us forty free drink passes.. . The maid service was kinda shady. You can hear them coming down the hall, like five doors down because they frantically yell out "ROOM SERVICE, HELLO? ROOM SERVICE", an awful sound at 9am. I put do not disturb for a reason. Whether or not this may be my fault but I left my room door partially open one night and when the maid arrived the following morning, she yelled into my room "EXCUSE ME, EXCUSE ME, YOU HAVE TO CLOSE THIS DOOR. IF YOU DON'T CLOSE THIS DOOR, I'M GOING TO HAVE TO CALL SECURITY. EXCUSE ME!" And I'm like.. are... you.. serious... God gave you hands for a reason. Please do us both a favor and close the door!. . Just. I just. I can't.
This place is a nightmare. Dark, dingy, musty, reeks of cigarettes...insert any adjective for repulsive. . . But this does not compare to being SCAMMED TWICE by the Excalibur. In February 2012 my boyfriend and I were stopped by an Excalibur employee as were walking through the casino floor.. . "Are you going to come back to Vegas this year?"  he asked. Of course we are. We love this place.. . After a few qualifying questions such as where do you live and how old are you, he told us we could get a great deal for returning customers. $99 for 2 nights and 2 show tickets. I'm normally a Cosmopolitan or Bellagio girl but I don't go to Vegas to hang out in the hotel room.  I am also a huge fan of Groupon and Living Social deals so I signed up on the spot.. . When we arrived Friday afternoon we were told about the tour we were required to go on. "What tour?!" my boyfriend and I both asked it in complete horror. The 5 hour TIMESHARE tour we are required to go on in order to get our 2 nights and 2 show tickets for the $99 we already paid them. . . Long story short...we didn't have to go on the tour but we lost our $99 and we had to pay for our 2 nights. I would rather do that then spend 5 hours on a bus and lose precious time in Vegas. We booked at the Excalibur through expedia.com and got 2 nights for $170 but when we checked-in decided to upgrade to the jacuzzi suite for $50 more a night (which somehow totals $145 extra instead of $100 according to my final bill). As I mentioned before, PASS. . . But it gets better. When we initially told them we didn't want to do the tour they threatened to charge us full-price for the 2 nights and we wouldn't get the rooms. We finally agreed they wouldn't charge us the penalty if we did book on our own and lost the $99. I was angry but agreed to it. I just came home and checked my credit card to discover that they did indeed charge us for the penalty. So I've been SCAMMED TWICE by the Excalibur. I ended up paying $550 for 2 nights. For just the room. That typically goes for $70 a night. . . Suffice it to say, I will NEVER stay here again.. . For my full review, please visit my travel blog: http://memtolax.com/2012/07/01/the-excalibur-hotel-las-vegas-nv/
It looks nice and shiny on the outside, but like most medieval latrines, it's all shit on the inside.  Yeah, the casino floor isn't too bad and if you bet enough on the bar machines, you get free drinks.  These two factors alone do not merit a second star.  Unfortunately my girlfriend and I made the mistake of actually getting a room here.. . (If you want to only read my review of our room and stay, please skip to the section entitled, "Our Second Mistake."). . The only reason we gave The Excalibur a chance was due to those delightful employees in blazers standing at every entrance.  We were stopped by one on our way out after getting massages at the spa on Super Bowl Sunday.  "Are you guys coming back to Vegas in the next 12 months? Yes? How about a deal?'. . Sure, deals are great!  Basically for a $99 deposit we would get a room for 2 nights and $99 worth of show tickets.  We joked at the idea of staying in a knight themed room and signed up.  We were told that we would only be out our deposit if we didn't book within a year. . . We made our reservations and we told to use the rotunda entrance in the rear which I would describe as the asshole of the castle.  We walked up to the desk, gave our information and the woman gave her spiel mentioning, "The tour," twice.  We both did a double take and asked our new desk friend to clarify.  Apparently we had singed up for a 2-3 hour tour of The Excalibur's timeshare (which we heard from a few sources throughout the weekend that it was more like 5 hours).. . We backpedaled and told her nicely that we did not sign up for a timeshare presentation.  She had claimed that when we originally singed up we initialed next to the tour agreement.  First off, I read everything I sign, and second, I would never sign up for a timeshare presentation.  I've made that mistake once and I will never do it again.  When I asked them to produce the document they couldn't and gave some bullshit reason regarding accounting.. . We decided to skip the tour and eat the $99 deposit, which they said would be our penalty.  We found a cheap deal through expedia, and decided to give the Knight Themed room a try.. . Our Second Mistake. . Once we got to the front desk to claim our room we saw that there was an upgrade for $50 a night for a hot tub in the room.  I rarely turn down a hot tub and we were looking for a relaxing vacation, so we splurged.. . The room was dull and the only knight themed decor were the plastic sconces on the wall and the shield crest on the headboard...oh and the pictures of crowns in the bathroom, which  will now refer to as the ice skating rink.  The walls were bland and the tub sat in the round tower you see on the corners of the exterior.. . We ALWAYS pull the dry clean only comforter off the bed first thing.  Anyone who thinks they clean those is just fooling themselves.  We then noticed the holes in the bed sheets and it then sank in that we had made a mistake.. . Don't expect anything from a room upgrade in the ice skating rink.  The shower reminded me of my Grandma's when I was a kid, before they remodeled.  If you get any water on the floor, and you will because the non tub showers leak, you WILL be in for slip or two, and if you take anything from this review, just be careful after you shower.  Oh, and ALL towels smelled of mildew.  It was disgusting and unacceptable.. . The internet in the room consisted of an ethernet cable that barely reached the bed.  It had a broken prong and had to be held at an angle to keep the connection, which made it difficult to order theater tickets because it took three or four tries to progress to the next page.. . When I called the spa/pool desk to ask if they had wifi by the pool, the lady just laughed at me.  Even their employees think this place is a joke, and that says a lot.  They ended up charging us for the two rooms we didn't get with the timeshare scheme and $147 for the "$100" upgrade.  In total $550 was spent for two nights there.  We would have happily spent that at a nicer hotel and been perfectly content, and we suggest you do as well.   . . *Accepts Credit Cards (Absolutely, but I don't recommend you letting them get a hold of it.)
Well this place is good for the price, for the most part clean, except for the elevator carpet. The beds are hard, didn't get a good night sleep for the most part. The roll up curtain on the window was broken and was not repaired even after I twice called for it to be repaired. The buffet absolutely stinks, worst buffet I've been to in a while and I only went in there cause I had a voucher, the older lady at the cash register was rude and didn't even want to answer basic questions regarding the food. Get another job lady, Walmart is hiring ticket checkers, I can give you a letter of recommendation, I promise. The cleaning ladies were cool and accommodating, no complaints there. The bartenders were rude, especially when you gave them the free drink voucher which you get with your stay, although you do pay a resort fee. No bueno. The price is the only thing this place has going for itself. I'm gonna say that I'll probably not stay here again. Sucks, but it is what is. I say that only because this place has potential and a little bit of tlc and this joint might be back. Plus before I forget, wtf? 1.00 dollar for every arcade game? Wow!!!
We decided to do a Vegas trip for my husband's Birthday with our two children. So we went to the Excalibur dungeon that has a bunch of carnival and arcade games. A lot of the games were broken and very few coin machines worked. Whatever, my 3.5 year old was happy and that was all we wanted. The insult came when I was discreetly nursing my 2 month old in an out of the way place and I was approached by an employee who told me where the bathrooms were and suggested I would be more comfortable there. I asked  why she thought I would be more comfortable in a bathroom feeding my child where people defecate and she didn't have an answer. Eventually she just wakes away. I will never stay at this hotel after that. One of the few family friendly areas in the hotel and I'm asked to feed my infant in a bathroom... Just no.
This place was horrible. The buffet was horrendous. The food was cold and dry, and they block the numbers to all the pizza and delivery places trying to trap you to eat the crappy food. The hotel staff only interacted with us once when they duped us into "free tickets" which was actually a scheme to get us to go to a 3 hour time share meeting - They accost you every time you walk by.  VERY ANNOYING!!! The staff was haggard and unfriendly other wise. The cocktail servers are slow, and look like they hate their life. There was a spot of BLOOD in our shower when we first checked in. The only good thing was the Baja Fresh (mexican fast food) and the location. Stay somewhere else. This place is the worst and I'm no princess.
Horrible. The woman checking us in reprimanded us for not having exactly the information she needed. I am sorry I didn't have the right info, but it was found, and I didn't need to be chastised at the end of it all. The concierge was even rude. There were people in the lobby shilling for theater tickets who were astoundingly aggressive. The room window faces a cinder block wall. Huge. The entire field of vision. The bed has no apron so you can see the box springs- and you know that's classy. If this was all happening in Laredo, or Sandusky, or Duluth I would think it par for the course. But in Vegas? Come on. Never again. (sorry and no offense Laredo, Sandusky, and Duluth).
We bought two rooms for 2 nights each off one of the discount sites...BIG MISTAKE. Dirty Filthy Disgusting place with horrible service.. . -We paid $40/ night for two nights,  found out we were not allowed to ask for adjoining rooms or same floor before check in....What a joke.. - Got there and found out about $15/Day FACILITY FEE thus making the rooms same price as the hotels we WANTED to stay in...."F*cked at the drive through"  though I'll but they all do this now..buyer beware.. - We were practically GANG BANGED by the TIME SHARE PEOPLE rabidly working the lobby(EMPLOYED BY THE HOTEL FOR THE HOTEL!), which is exactly what we DIDN'T want after being up 24 hours and in the car for 5.. -Asked for adjoining rooms and were told none available and if we wanted to wait another hour,t here "might" be...WHAT A JOKE.. - No Parking except in back lot garage 300 yards from building, so when we finally checked in, I moved car to Valet for luggage help....one guy came out and unloaded our luggage onto cart, then told us to go find a valet...once we did, the luggage guy informed us that he wouldn't be taking our luggage to room, someone else would.  He took us to desk and told us to leave luggage and they would bring it up later...I told him no, I was not leaving laptop and would just take cart myself....Desk Luggage guy told me, "No , you can't take cart, its our policy, you can just wait, were busy (I had been up 26 hours traveling and working.).....SO, we got to WAIT for SHITTY service and tip THREE people to get our car parked and our luggage dropped at room... when we got settled, our friend left something in car, VALET told them they were busy and wouldn't bring the car around for another 90 minutes..... -FREE WIFI is on an unsecured network!. - In the meantime, wife went to  check into OUR room and found VOMIT ALL OVER BATHROOM AND BLACK PUBIC HAIR ON PILLOW CASE.....she called desk and they informed her "that room is marked clean, its OK..."  When she demanded another room they asked her if she wanted to pay $30 for a "VIEW fee" to get a room with a view.....WHAT A JOKE.. - I met our traveling companions in elevator and told him this story, the girls next to me informed me that their room was just issued to them with the words "I LOVE YOUR PENIS" written on the mirror in Sharpie.....the desk also told them the room was marked "CLEAN". . well, at least there is PENIS LOVE in the universe...Stay elsewhere.......Don't pay for the view, and love thy neighbors' penis...
I wish I didn't have to stay here on my very first trip to Vegas but because boyfriend and I went with a friend's family, we didn't really have a choice. We slept on the floor for free hah! BUT WHY IS IT SO DAMN COLD AT NIGHT DURING THE SUMMER!? Also, the shower in our room was broken. NOT COOL having water going in my face when I just want to take a shower. . . I wish I was old enough to gamble.. that might have brought my rating up a star or two, but since this place sucked ONE STAR. There was no wifi...The pool is not deep at all and I kept stepping on those stupid plastic shit and hurting my feet... The "dungeon" or whatever it is called is the worst arcade I have yet to see. I would even prefer chuck e. cheese. . . . . CONS. - the parking is so packed and far from the hotel. - they have these feather pillows? NOT COMFORTABLE.. - Broken shower. - VERY VERY LOUD A/C. - NO WIFI ...... - This place just sucked.. . PROS. - at least I didn't have to pay for it.. . . Overall, if I was forced to stay here if I had the chance to go to Vegas again, I would just stay home. Just was not a good experience for me.
About one year ago, I stayed here and my room was broken into and robbed. Not only my room but 3 other rooms on my floor.. The head of security was very nice and seemed upset that they got through 4 rooms before being stopped. . . However, the front desk was very mean. Telling us they didn't have another room for us to go to yet, making us wait upwards of an hour in the wee hours of the morning when I just wanted to sleep and forget about all of it until the morning. . . So I called the person who is in charge of "making things right" who insisted Excalibur is at no wrong doing. She offered us a stay in a standard room. I told them, I have been coming there as a kid with my family now coming as an adult. I don't want to stay in the standard room again, I am traumatized. They said no, standard room or nothing. I thought a suite would really say, please let's keep a good thing going here. And an upgraded room would say, we're sorry, we can't put you in a suite, but we care about you. But no they gave us the same standard room that got broken into. Which by the way is not worth it, spend $20 and get the upgrade... . So I'm going back to Vegas and I am not going to take them up on the standard room. I won't list the hotel name, but there is one, two even three hotels on the strip with comparable prices. I think I'm going to roll the dice, because no experience can be as bad as this one.  . . It's a shame they don't value my business.
Fucking pissing me off this place. We arrived today paid all our resort fees for our complimentary internet, get a room on the 4th floor facing a cement wall, will probably change rooms tomorrow, they don't have wireless here just a rj45 plug. We just tried to order room service and they only serve from 6am to 2pm! So no dinner, plus the food court is crap and the buffet and steakhouse received bad reviews!
Well, you pay for what you get. I'd stayed at Mandalay prior to this and OMG it was night and day. I got here early and asked for a great view, which I got. That was the coolest part of my stay. This hotel is ghetto. It's ugly outside but you can forgive that but the rooms feel like they've not been updated since 1973. The wallpaper in Tower 1 looks original; we were on a nonsmoking floor that had to have been a smoking floor at some point. The room had two small lights. One lamp by the bed and an old kind of hanging light over this ugly small table. They do not have wifi in this hotel either. They did have an ethernet (if you have a laptop and not a tablet!). The view rocked but the water pressure in the hotel was practically just a drip; I hated it. It was sooooo 1970s, no wonder I paid $80 a night.
The saying "you get what you pay for" truly comes into play with this "magic castle." I guess this place is OKAY for children, it just wasn't what I expected. I mean c'mon after seeing the outside you expect wizards and some magical unicorn shit. What did I get? A poster of topless men that says "The Thunder Down Under" & shitload of second hand smoking. The rooms were completely gross. We were told that we were going to be upgraded to a "newly remodeled" room. We walked into this room & I felt like I had checked into the Motel 6 that was three blocks down. The beds looked ancient & the TV was the size of a whale. I opened our curtains expecting at least a view, but what did I get? A view.......of a liquor & adult store. FUCKING FANTASTIC. To hell with this place. Circus Circus is the place to go if you want cheap & family friendly!
Don't get fooled by the low rates. Excessive charge on the internet, uncomfortable and torn beds.
You have to piss me off pretty well for me to give you a one-star review, and this hotel managed to just that. The hotel staff was some of the most incompetent set of nit wits I have ever had the misfortune of dealing with.. . After a long day and night of walking around the strip, we stumbled back to our room. We went downstairs to ask the front desk for a roll-a-way bed since there were four of us in one room and gave them a credit card number. After an HOUR passed, we called again and they said that they had no record of us calling or giving a credit card number ._. My roomie went downstairs AGAIN and was told that they had no record of us requesting/paying for a roll-a-way bed. After pointing to the guy that took the information to begin with, they apologized and said that they would comp the beds and send them up.. . All of a sudden, a few days later, they take away the beds, even though we still needed them, AND charged my roomie's card that supposedly they didn't have on file to begin with! The staff was rude and kept contradicting what other staff members were saying. The front desk staff literally has no business being in customer service.. . Also, the timeshare people are pushy and annoying. Only one tower has decent rooms. No wifi (WTF!) and the wired internet runs at a speedy 1mpbs download and a .005mbps upload. The pool has NO shade unless you pay for it. The only good thing? A really nice worker at the craps table who explained to us how to play. Never again. If I ever come back to Vegas, I am staying FAR away from this hell hole.
It really sucks to have to write this review, but I feel that I have to let other people know about the experience I went through. I stayed at Excalibur about three weeks ago for my 25th, I used to stay at Excalibur all the time as a kid.. . However, the next morning I woke up with welts ( and what clearly appeared to be bites). I gave it two or three days, and because I am a full time student and work full time I did not have time to see a doctor. After comparing pictures of my arm to google images, I realized I was bitten. I saw a doctor, pharmacist,and nurse, all of whom said I was clearly bitten by something.  I called Excalibur and was told someone would contact me regarding the incident. I waited about 7 days, and no one called. When i called back, the initial operator had not taken down my information (basically they never had record). . . Finally someone took down my information and took my statement. I suggested that I send them pictures, as I was documenting my arm and chest the entire time, and he refused, claiming they do not accept pictures. . . I was told someone would contact me within 2 days, never happened. I called back a couple days after my statement and left a message.. . no reply.. . I called again and was told I would be called within 5 days, since someone was going to inspect the room and let me know what they found.. . That never happened either. . . I left a message, no reply.. I finally was able to get ahold of someone today, and I honestly wish I hadnt. . . She informed me that they were going to do absolutely nothing about my claim,s ince they found no bugs in the bed.  Take into consideration, its been about 3 weeks since I was there, and I am not claiming it was bed bugs, I just know it was some type of insect. . . I asked for a copy of the report from the inspection agency and was told I could not see it.. . I asked for the name, and I could not have it. . . I basically could get NO proof that an inspection ever took place.. . . . I am extremely disappointed in the Excalibur and the lack of compassion for a guest who paid $220 a night to stay in a contemporary room (which by the way is on sale on their website right now). . . I will NEVER stay at the Excalibur again.
DO NOT STAY HERE! First of all if you are a hotel on the strip in Vegas, YOU HAVE TO HAVE BELL MEN!!!!! We drove up to Excalibur and the valet asks us if we would like help with our bags, we of course say yes, who wants to drag their luggage through a huge casino.  I asked the Valet how long it would take to get our bags to the room, he says "not long, check in go to the baggage desk and they will send them right up". We check in, go to baggage desk and the lady at the desk informs us the Casino is NO LONGER ALLOWED TO TAKE BAGS TO THE ROOM! I through a fit and she continues to tell me it is a new policy. Then after throwing an even bigger fit, she says it will be an hour and a half to get our bags. So I say fine bring them on the cart and I will wheel the cart myself, she says that is is casino policy she can not allow us to use the cart. I then tell her we will leave and demand our money back, so she has a bell man walk with us to our room with the cart full of luggage.  I find out from the Bell Man or as I call the non-bell man what was going on. He said they fired 48 Bell Man to save money and are going to fire the rest. Excalibur Hotel, are you kidding me? I get your a cheap hotel but WHAT no Bell Men? . Guess what happened when we went to check out? Yep, no bell men. So after a night partying in Vegas I had to drag all my luggage out to the car. The funny thing is it was not just me dragging a ton of luggage, a bunch of other super upset people where dragging their luggage as well. . To make matters worse, at about 8am the entire casino smells horribly of bad disgusting Italian food. I like Buco De Beppo but I certainly don't  want the smell of bad Lasagna at 8am because apparently once a week the cook a huge amount and it stinks up all the rooms. We left a day early.
We stayed over the Thanksgiving Holiday.  When we arrived the room smelled musty and was very warm.  We turned on the AC but the room really never cooled off.  We were told that we were staying in an upgraded room (tower 2) and that we had memory foam mattress top beds.  Our beds were hard and worn.  The mattresses had a flat pillow top and you could tell by looking at the mattress cover it was very old an worn.  The sheet corners were ripped and stained with grease.  The bed covers and sheets had holes and many snags through out.  We asked for new sheets and room service took hours to get to our room.  Our bathroom lightbulbs were burned out and there were stains and marks all over the walls.  We brought this to the attention of the hotel and to Travelocity and the Excalibur didn't address it with us.  Needless to say we won't recommend or every stay at the Excalibur again.
Stay here if:. . 1. You enjoy being solicited every time you walk through the door or head for your room.. 2. You love the stale smell of vintage cigarettes from 20 years ago.. 3. You like housekeeping that does not respect your "do not disturb" sign. 4. You like beds so cushy that your body sinks down and pillows so fluffy that your head is perpendicular.. 5. You do not have extra money to spend and have exhausted all of your other options for accommodations.. . Even despite #5, just go stay at a hostel or couch surf.
This review is for casino only. It looked pretty outdated and is mostly slots. Nothing stood out as good whatsoever.  Overall, a very depressing atmosphere.
The wife and I had no choice.  We booked a room here because my family stayed at the New York New York across the street and I wasn't about to pay for that!  The trip was in 2007. . . This place was awful.  The Merlin doesn't even work anymore!. . I have made a point to avoid this place since.  I am a non-smoker, this is no place for a non-smoker.  The room smells like a pack of cigs from the 50's.. . Tear this dump down and re-build!. . I now stay on Fremont Street.. . Good luck!
Avoid if you have any expectation of business functionality.. . The hotel itself is dated, which is not a massive problem, but for business, the Excalibur is a terrible option.. . Our group of six people (across five rooms) were charged nearly $600 overall in our five-day stay in part to access the internet. For a sum that could have bought three new laptops, we received a slow and instable connection preventing us from getting work done, as well as cheap cat-5 cables with broken hinges exacerbating the problem. . . Several in our group were almost entirely unable to access the web except for short bursts, and subsequently suffered a loss of productivity that hindered the business part of our business trip and ultimately cut into our time to do other things in Vegas. . . The tattered and seedy vibe was tolerable, but the charge for services not rendered was inexcusable. Food options in the hotel get fanciest at Dairy Queen, and also, don't expect to peacefully walk through the lobby without getting accosted every. single. time by people aggressively pushing timeshares.
I just got back from staying at the Excalibur for the second time. The first time was January 2011. Both times I was hassled nearly to death by people trying to sell me a time share. I was so angry after the 2011 visit that I made literally hundreds of phone calls to the hotel demanding a refund. Five months later I got it. I imagine it will be easier this time because now they knowwho they are dealing with
First off. Checking in earlier costs money - $20. . Second - The minute you walk-in through those doors be prepared. There are people peppered all over on-location on the ground floor that will walk right up to you, trying to get you to come to the concierge desk so that they can sign you up to visit the time share. It is annoying (to put it mildly) - they're like sharks feeding on their prey! There were three of us - and they got us onto the desk (we haven't even checked in!). Even after seeing the timeshare - we were still hounded by these sharks when they see us coming in and out of the hotel.. Third - the room is not horrible but it's not great. I inspected the bed and immediately had to call house keeping to change the sheets (stains and rips on the cover!). We also needed to call them again after finding out the bathroom does not lock. Horrid. . They need to change/ update almost everything in this hotel if they want to keep their customers.. Fourth - concierge is only open from 10am - 10pm. Las Vegas is a night place... why is the time not accommodating to their guests? Then again, it's better than the 8am-8pm at the MGM concierge.. At 2:11am we woke up to a blaring alarm. It turned out someone pulled the fire alarm. While I don't mind that, I do mind it when the alarm keeps blaring non-stop for 10 minutes! Once that alarm is resolved they blare an announcement saying what the alarm was for, and blaring it 3x.. And...... the walls are freakin' thin. We could hear this couple gettin' it on. I was tempted to time them...
I can honesty say this is THE worst hotel I have ever stayed in. If you are looking for a good Vegas experience, this is not your place.. . From the moment we walked in the front door, I was terrified. The overwhelming putrid smell and the VERY VERY dated decor was enough to almost make me turn around immediately but I continued hoping the hotel room itself would be a lot better... I was wrong. The smell lingered through the halls and into the room. Outfitted with terrible wallpaper and disgusting carpet, a 1990s air/heat box, dated furniture and NASTY linens/blankets- this place resembled a motel 6 and an extremely low budget casino from a small town- which I would almost prefer over this.. . The staff was unfriendly and unhelpful- asking for towels seemed to be too much for them to handle. My friends luggage was lost on the way in and once it was delivered to the hotel, they called and told her she would have to come get it because they didn't have time for at least an hour.. . I can not clearly put into words how low budget and disgusting the entire experience was... Even the restaurants within were terrible. We ate at a Big Dicks one afternoon for a quick lunch before venturing out onto the strip and had the WORST food that was WAY overpriced and took over 2.5 hours from start to finish.... Low budget dairy queen and a kids arcade--- enough said.
Poor service, bossy salespeople, nothing for kids to do. Huge disappointment. As soon as we arrived to this hotel, we were approached by a woman who offered us show tickets. We didn't even have a chance to check in before they start pushing us toward the ticket booth and trying to get us to tour one of their towers so that we can buy a time share. Second-most, EVERYTHING closes at midnight, except for the hamburger stand near Tower I. Is this why they say that Las Vegas is the city that never sleeps? WHO does that? Build a reputation on being an all-night town, then starve the people who are your bread and butter once midnight hits. The icing on the cake, this morning we are awoke by a fire alarm, someone decided to pull, and the voice of a loud, obnoxious woman telling us there was a fire alarm. Really? DO I NEED THE VOICE OF GOD TELLING ME THERE IS A FIRE ALARM? It turns out that the alarm was a false one-thanks God. But now I am up at 8:52 a.m., after a long an exhausting night, because of someone's rude behavior. I call the front desk, and the manager, Michael, told me that the hotel doesn't compensate for that type of behavior. Really? This hotel makes billions of dollars a year in revenues and can't offer a free breakfast to a family who was up most of the night and have been so rudely treated? Giveme a break. Complete joke. O and did I tell you that there is hardly anything for the kids to do here, in this so-called kid hotel? No movie theater, bowling alley, no rides, no shows for the kids, all we get is Thunder from Down Under. COMPLETE JOKE. Stay away, unless all you care about is cheap rooms, rude service, and lackluster gaming.
I checked into my room. They never cleaned the rest room from the last guest. There was someones nasty stuff still in there. One of the bed linens had what looked to be house paint on it. Vary unclean place to stay.. I slept in my cloths.. . . I am going to try to never have to stay here again..
The worse stay in Vegas ever. I go to Vegas 8times a year. When I can not book timeshare. I stay on the strip. The rooms were gross, the shower kept backing up & flooding out half the room. Since the showers are wheelchair accessible & no one had taken a shower we called downstairs. They sent up the so call handyman that came in and sprayed a spray in the shower. Dumb move we left him in the room & went out on the town. Just to come back & have several towels on the wet bathroom floor & the carpet in half the room was soaking wet. Luckily we had moved our belongings over by the window.  We was gone for 12hours he knew he made a mess & didnt come clean up. We rented a total of 3 rooms for 2 nights, which was $390 per room. What a waste of time. . . When we called down again, they sent another handyman up which walked straight in with a plunger to the toilet. Hello I said the shower! This wasnt the only problem, they dont give comforters for floors above the 10th. They had to get approval from a manager to switch us out of this soaked . room, mind you they gave me a hard time took 30minutes to speak to a manager that answered the phone & automaticly placed me on hold. They wanted to seperate our party from the 10th floor to the 20th floor. To get blankets we had to get approval again from the manager. If I didnt have a party of 12 ranging between 7months & 79yrs old & it wasnt my birthday. I would of loaded up the trucks & got the heck out of there. The place wasnt clean, the service was gross. The 2 buffets for $35 at Excalibur & Luxor was the nastiest food with a small selection for a Vegas buffet Ive ever seen. . . I would of had a much better time in Downtown Vegas. Neva again tried to stay somewhere I thought the kids would of loved. They made Circus Circus seem 5 stars
It was my fault...I read the reviews. . . We wanted to stay here when it opened and it never made the cut as we always chose another location. The age of massive themed casinos is dying and the Excalibur location is prime for a new casino. . . The smell is shocking and we never were able to acquire the ability to withstand any long term gambling inside the Excalibur. The timeshare / "free show" salesman were overbearing and rude;  One Asian saleslady was by far the most annoying .. . We stayed in Tower II and it was fine with no problems. The room was clean and did not smell like the casino. . . We have no plans to ever stay in the Excalibur or even walk through it again. Their are way to many affordable options to  ever have the Excalibur in the mix.
There's really only two things that I want when I check into a hotel, and that's a clean room and maybe some toilet paper.  Sadly, Excalibur scores 0 for 2 on this measure.. . After being hassled at the front desk - and told that we couldn't upgrade to a room with one King bed because none was available - we went to the room and found an unmade bed, cheezits on the ground, pubes in the bathroom etc, and no (to put icing on the cake) no toilet paper or tissue paper anywhere to be seen.  wtf?  How do you miss cleaning a room?. . When we called the desk to complain they DID swiftly bring us to a new, clean room - but one with a single King bed which was "completely unavailable" ten minutes earlier.  Nice, guys.  Lie to us and then stick us in a gross room.. . We came here because it was a cheap, but it wasn't THAT cheap.
Awful!! Came to Las Vegas for a surgery procedure and booked a room here through Travelocity for during the proceedure, and for the week after for recovery. Rooms DO NOT come with refrigerators unless you pay $25.00 extra per night which I had to pay because my medication had to be refrigerated. Then, there was no coffee pot in the room. Doctors orders were plenty of rest, fluids, and no solid food.. So when I needed to make hot water for tea or cup o noodles, I had to go down 21 floors, walk across a smokey casino, and pay a dollar at the Starbucks.. I contacted management to see what could be done, and she offered no apology, no help, very matter of factly told me to go to Motel 6 next time if I wanted a coffee maker in the room. I am still in the room currently stuck in this situation and Im very frustrated and unhappy.
This place is a DUMP!!!! After a week stay at the Palms for work, we decided to stay an extra night in LV for fun. The Palms was booked up and was unable to allow us an extra night stay :(  On the fly....with out checking reviews....we booked a 1 night stay at the Excalibur. From the moment we walked in, we knew it was a mistake! The line was very long and it took about 30 mins. to get checked in. The place is just straight up trashy. The walk to our room was about a 1/4 mile, if not more, away from the casino. The towels had stains, the bathroom was disgusting and the entire room looks like nothing has ever been updated since it was opened. I will never stay here again!. . I understand..."on a budget"....but common! This place needs to be torn down. If you are taking the time to travel our to Las Vegas, do your self a favor and don't disappoint yourself and ruin your time here. Spend the extra $20-$30 to stay somewhere else. I have been to Vegas more than 10 times staying at the Flamingo, Palms, Trump, Monte Carlo, NY, NY, Southpoint, etc.....and this place is bar none the worst place I have ever stayed. Have some dignity Excalibur....clean this place up!
Last minute stay in Vegas with kiddos. Felt this would be a better fit than the hard rock for them. . . Room was clean and service was good. Just a dated hotel. . . Biggest issue was. After check in we were stopped 3 times by sales people. Sign up for this and win two free nights, or oh they didn't give you your welcome package. Come here real quick. Go to desk and its same thing. A sales gimmick. I already paid to stay here. I don't need them to push a return stay worse than pan handlers. Especially with kids. . . We walked the strip and were stopped twice more on way in. And this is all by official hotel people. Quite unprofessional and annoying I thought . . We won't be returning. With kids or without.
This is not a good hotel.  It's cheap, which is probably its only allure.  Here's what I didn't like:. . The air conditioning in our room was so loud that it sounded like someone was vacuuming in the room every time it turned on.  Woke us up all night.. . My bath towel smelled like smoke.  We are non-smokers.  I know, in Vegas, people smoke.  But, it would be nice if they would launder the towels to not smell like smoke.. . The window shade had holes in it.  One bedsheet was torn.  Another had a cigarette burn in it.. . The shower was low-pressure and the spray pattern was poor.. . Only one bar of soap in the bathroom and the body wash was terrible.. . An HDTV showing all standard def and very limited channel choices.. . Loud neighbors and drunk people.  As soon as we got to our room a drunk guy kept pestering us for directions to the room he was looking for.  We had to repeat the directions several times.  We were tired and trying to just get into our room.  Then, that night people hollered down the hall, whooping and carrying on, at 3 a.m.  Then, proceeded to retch and groan for the next half an hour.. . I have stayed in some nice hotels.  I am not comparing this budget hotel to those.  I am comparing it to similar places like the La Quinta Inn or Holiday Inn.  This is not a good hotel.  Honestly, you can pay about the same or maybe a little more and get a much nicer stay.  I suggest you do.
Dirty ... Spend the extra money and book at a cleaner hotel. Even though they have housekeeping "clean" the rooms, the sheets are still not changed. So gross. It was too late for me to change locations but if I could have I would have. . . The only star I'm giving them is the fact that there is a lot going on in the hotel, which keeps it "interesting"
Sucks. It is true you get what you pay for. One step up from the quality at the disgusting Imperial Palace. Hotel is reminiscent if a Howard Johnson circa 1984. Really run down. Unpleasant smell. No temp control in the room: button for heat, cool, or fan. Loud, not well insulated: awakened multiple times by yelling people in the hallway and traffic outside. No coffee maker.  No bath tub. Cheap toiletries. No decent restaurants. The wifi hookup is behind the TV rather than near a table or desk: not at all convenient when trying to work on a laptop. Waited a half hour to drop off car at the valet; self-parked the rest of the trip.  The slot manager gets props for having some newer games, however. Also: Vegas is not Disney, folks. Take your rugrats to the park.
I stayed here with my teenage daughters for spring break 2013.   The room in Tower II was ok with the 2 queen beds.  One of the sheets on top of the bed had a blood stain on it.  A light bulb in the bathroom was out.  The soaps are cheap.  The smell in the hotel and casino is really bad.  The people working at registration are un-friendly.  . They misrepresent the true cost for the rooms.  There are extra fees for internet and "resort" fees that are unexplained.  There is an internet fee that we could not use since we didn't bring our "ethernet cable" with us when we were expecting WiFi.  This is 2013, correct??   Dicks restaurant, located on the pathway between the hotel and the rooms, has terrible and expensive food, charges between $5 and $10 for a regular drink, and the waiter, if you can call him that, regularly liked to play with his crotch.  I guess he thought that was comical or entertaining.    About the pools.  The music they play on their speakers are very, very loud and annoying.  The rules on what you can and cannot bring into the pool are inconsistent and ridiculous.  Why we cannot bring a bottle of water into the pool area is beyond me.  Being out in the hot and dry weather here in Las Vegas, one can get dehydrated very quickly.  This is a health hazard to say the least.  . . Next time I'm going to a hotel that is honest, clean and provides what you pay for.
Rude or boring dealers and house keeping rushed us out. Worst pool hours in all of Vegas, only open till 6pm, which wasn't worth the surprise $70 dollar resort fee.
I just got back from Vegas. Met my son, his wife and grand child. My wife picked this place because it was "kid friendly"-NOT. Everything in this hotel is run down. The rooms, hall ways have seen better days-carpeting even in the elevators were stained with who knows what. We arrived on a week end and although I understand the "casino crowed" are not from Yale or Harvard however, this place attracts all the trailer park trash in the US. Walking through the casino after registering I've never seen so many people with facial tatoos and F_ _k You on their T shirts-this is not an exageration. We decided to grab a fast bite at the food court. A guy a few tables away looked like he was high on meth and his friend every so often was punching him in the face and yelling at him. Four employess-one was a security guard- just stood their laughing. The arcade for kids is quite run down and most of the games were not staffed. We stayed in the "better tower" which is number 2. I couldn't even imagine what one looks like. The owners haven't invested a dime in this place in over a decade and it looks it. Compared to other hotels this one is cheap-spend the extra money it will be worth it. Oh yea-the show was terrific however, you can stay at another place and attend the show here. To sum up-this place is disgusting, is not kid friendly unless your kid is hoping one day to be "trailer park trash".
Showed up at Excalibur to find trash in the room, burn marks on the furniture in a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor, and mold growing in the bathroom. Called housekeeping about the mold, expecting it to be gone by the next round of housekeeping--nothing was done. Unacceptable.
This is for the buffet only: I came here a few years ago because I loved this hotel as a child. After getting a big plate at the buffet, I noticed nats in my food! Not just one or two, but 100s mixed it with the ambrosia type jello salad. I immediately asked to speak to the manager. She told me "bugs are part of vegas" WTF not in my food!  After walking through the buffet with her, we noticed bugs throughout the entire buffet. made me utterly sick. My 2 friends and I demanded a refund and she said she would give us coupons to eat here again for free. I was outraged, like is ever return! She finally have us our money back, and for some reason needed our email. Since then I got nothing but a flood of emails asking us to stay at this hotel. Needless to say, I changed my email.. . The casino was ok, waitress was rude and NEVER brought my drink.
Its taken me a while to get around to this one... . . Stayed here in October 2012 with my Best Friend for her Birthday. . . The room was purchased on PriceLine, I hope that isn't why the room was old and disgusting. . . The furnishings were from the70's. The AC unit smelled like burnt electrical wire and the carpets looked like someone may have puked all over the place. I wouldn't reccommend this place to a homeless bum! . . Oh and don't stroll the lobby, you're liable to get shot.
what a creepy little shit hole. LOL it needs to be remodeled. This is where all the weirdos hang out.
Worst buffet and old building nothing else to say u probably got the point!
This is what happens to a casino when it is not kept up.  It's pretty bad when the Circus Circus does a better job.  The rooms are small and old.  They are in need to be updated.  The casino is flat out dirty.  It's very smoky and odd smells come at you from every direction. (It's kind of like popcorn, smoke, and pee).  The staff is nothing to speak of.  Do your self a favor and move up to a better place to stay and play.
Wow I watched a bar tender call security for a guy that was black out drunk with a friend. He also called to get hookers off his bar talking to the guy blacking out at the bar. I watched the security guards walk by looking at the hookers obviously doing there thing and walk away. So if your drunk and probably want to be taken advantage of by hookers you found it.
Valet was full! Parking was terrible! The room had stained curtains & the velvet back board of the bed frame was stained with hand prints!?!  Ew! When we went to the pool they were out of towels! When we were finally ready to leave there was a 40 minute wait for them to take our luggage out to our car! THEN we waited an additional 30 min. For them to just bring us our bags in the front of the hotel in the blistering heat!! When we asked where are our bags!?! (Bc i felt it was taking too long!!) They said there was "no luggage under that last name"!!! Luckily they ended up locating them(under the same last name I had already given them!!). I will next time spend more $$ on a different hotel!! bc I was very disappointed & disgusted for my first visit to Vegas because of this hotels service!!
OK - here's my bias on this: I'm not a gambler. I started to go out and gamble one night but fell asleep reading my kid Winnie the Pooh at bedtime and never made it. So right there you know if our perspectives mesh.. . Booked this hotel because I read it was family/kid friendly and still on the Strip (plus it was cheap) and figured we'd give it a spin. Consider it spun. . . The positive: it does seem to be fairly kid friendly for a Strip motel.. . What's that you say? Like saying fairly lung friendly for a non-filter cigarette? Yes, you have a point.. . Also, it's fairly inexpensive. I can't think of one that was less. . . Lastly location, location, location. Good location. oh, ok - and the check in lady was nice.. . Now for what I really think when I'm not trying to be mature:. . 1) I' incensed over the $5.99 transaction fee at the ATM.. 2) Yes, you can print your boarding passes. That'll be $7 for ten minutes on the internet please.. 3) room is OK. I've had as good in very small towns in the middle of nowhere.. 4) In the midst of having my four year old on the bridge getting his little brain dazzled by the blinking lights I thought to myself -why am I doing this? He was as happy playing tractors in the room.. 5) how did I just spend $28 at a Baja Fresh in the hotel for a tummy ache? (two - his and mine). . Which is the point. There are at least a few hotels within a mile of the that do not charge that absurd "resort fee" have a much calmer vibe, better food, a much cleaner pool with less crowding and for less money. Which is what I should have done this time. And will do next time.. . Excalibur? Never again.
My boyfriend and I spent three nights here last summer with no issues. However, this summer we had some BIG issues. Here is a copy of the letter I sent to Excalibur's official email for customer service to be greeted with no response. I'm sorry, but if I take the time to write out a letter, you sure as sh*t better, at the very least, acknowledge that you received it. I never got a response from them, and I sent it about six or seven weeks ago:. . To Whom It May Concern:. . I am very upset to have to write this letter but I feel that it is important to contact you about my recent stay at the Excalibur. My boyfriend and I had booked three nights at the Monte Carlo hotel from June 3rd to the 5th. We then discovered the MyVegas Facebook app and accrued enough points to redeem them for a free night at Excalibur the day after we checked out of Monte Carlo on the morning of June 6th. We had an amazing stay at the Monte Carlo and had previously enjoyed our stay at the Excalibur so we were very excited to put our MyVegas points to good use in order to extend our vacation.. . We arrived at the Excalibur around 11:30am and we were told that we would receive a phone call around 1:00pm to tell us which room we had been assigned to. When we checked out the room, we had been assigned to a Tower 1 room, which is (as you know) the tower that has not been renovated. It was not NEARLY as nice as the room in Tower 2 we had stayed in last year, but I thought it would be okay considering it was just a comp room and we weren't actually paying for it. The room was extremely small and not even half the size of the room we had previously stayed in. Again, I was willing to deal with that because it was a comp room. I was not, however, ready to deal with the other aspects of the room. We wanted to take a nap after we checked in. I pulled back the covers of the bed and there was a big curly black hair right behind the pillow. Obviously, I was grossed out so I flipped the pillow around. There were three big brown spots on the pillowcase. It was definitely not clean. My boyfriend went downstairs to speak to someone and when he was away I felt something on my foot and I was disgusted to discover that it was a big spider. Thankfully, your staff at the MLife desk were fabulous and transferred us to a Tower 2 room. . . Unfortunately, our stay did not end on a pleasant note. Being that it was our last night in Vegas, my boyfriend and I stayed out very late. We didn't get to bed until well after 4am and we had set our alarm to 10:30am so that we could have plenty of time to collect our bags and check out before 11. However, at 9:20am there was a loud knock at the door. I know that hotel walls can be thin so I assumed it was a knock on the door next to ours and tried to ignore it. I then heard even more knocking and then the sound of a card going in and out of our door. I finally got up and saw that housekeeping was outside and told her to leave. Thankfully I had the dead-bolt up because if I had been woken up by someone else walking into my room I would have been extremely startled. The best part is that we had our Do Not Disturb sign on!! How can your housekeeping staff not know that? And even if it was not on, why would you be pounding on our door literally an hour and a half before we had to check out, when the sheets would have to been changed anyway? We were very irritated that we got cheated out of more than an hour of sleep that we really needed before our long drive back to LA. It's not the way you want to wake up after a night of partying.. . Between the uncleanliness of the room and the rude awakening we received the morning we were due to check out, I am not willing to stay at the Excalibur again. My boyfriend and I were both very disappointed in our stay. We were especially disappointed because we had stayed at the Excalibur in June of 2012 and enjoyed ourselves. Unfortunately, this stay was simply not up to par. I'm very upset to say that you have lost customers due to our recent visit.
Horrible!! But I guess you get what you pay for. Every other casino on the strip was booked. Thought this one would be decent...wrong! The steakhouse was amazing. That's the only reason I gave it one star. We'll never stay here again. Rooms are totally outdated. Very dirty. Room was nonsmoking but totally smelled like stale smoke.  Not even a clock radio. If you want a refrigerator, they'll bring you one, for 25 bucks a day. If you want internet,(included in the resort fee) they'll bring you some cord, I guss. No wifi. This place sucks!
6&7 July 13. . DON'T STAY HERE!. Took an hour to check in. Reception desk people are less than friendly. Requested extra pillows, given a hard time.  After third phone call they said they were already delivered. Not to our room. . Air conditioning unit was absolutely filthy and so was room. Shower head was so plugged up was difficult to rinse my hair. . Very rundown hotel room. No Wi-Fi either. . Stained pillow cases and sheets. . Rugs in hallway rolled up, stained, and frankly unsafe. . Elevators wreaked of marihuana. . No room service??? Are you kidding me?
Last minute stay in Vegas with kiddos. Felt this would be a better fit than the hard rock for them. . . Room was clean and service was good. Just a dated hotel. . . Biggest issue was. After check in we were stopped 3 times by sales people. Sign up for this and win two free nights, or oh they didn't give you your welcome package. Come here real quick. Go to desk and its same thing. A sales gimmick. I already paid to stay here. I don't need them to push a return stay worse than pan handlers. Especially with kids. . . We walked the strip and were stopped twice more on way in. And this is all by official hotel people. Quite unprofessional and annoying I thought . . We won't be returning. With kids or without.
I did not like this hotel at all. It's very old and not comforts in it. . The good thing is that it was cheap but at the time was like a room just to sleep! . There is no view at all and while you are in the Vegas it should not be those kind of rooms. . When we came in to the room we just sow a trash cans and an a conditioner staff...!!!. But the Casino and staff were good and cute  ...it's was almost like we were in the animation movies...but inside the casino...
The Excalibur or should I say the low caliber is a place to avoid at all costs! I stayed here for a convention in Feb. the entire hotel hasn't sickly smell of Malibu Breeze, it's dirty, and very dated! They have people constantly hounding you from the moment you walk in to add extra days to your stay. The room is okay, no wifi just a cable hookup which iPads don't connect to. It's time for a major update on this place! It could be very cool if they tried!
IF YOU VALUE YOUR OWN OR FAMILY MEMBERS' LIVES, DO NOT STAY AT EXCALIBUR HOTEL. . . This is the WORST hotel stay my ENTIRE life. Our room got broken into while we're sleeping and the bugler took three iphones and all of our cash with a total value over $2000. There were 4 of us staying at the room and even my friend's phone that's charging at the most inner corner of the room was stolen. All of us were traumatized and feared for our lives for the rest of the trip. What if one of us has woken up and got hurt by the bugler? . . The burglary happened last Saturday morning (8/24/2013) between 5 a.m. (when we went to sleep) and 8:30 a.m. (when we woke up). It is amazing how the bugler took his time and scoped out the room and only took cash and iphones (not credit cards/ipad/laptops/jewelry) in such as short window and managed to not wake one of us up. . . What did the hotel do? NOTHING! The security came up and took statement and referred us to the "Risk Management" department, which conveniently was closed for the weekend. The security taught us how to "dead bolt" lock the door after the fact (you have to turn your door knob upward with a 90 degree angle). There was no instruction on the door for such unconventional locking method. However, after the front desk manager moved to another room, BOOM, there was a sticker on the door showing how to dead bolt the door. It led to us to believe our original room 9206 was a repeated burglary room. . . The entire Saturday was a waste talking to security, front desk manager, hotel manager and they all said they have no authority to do anything and we would have to wait for the "Risk Management" department to come back to work on Monday. We followed up on Monday and the Risk Management receptionist told us that "we're still just getting the report in; you will have to wait until one of the investigators gets the report". We called repeatedly and she just kept on referring to the investigator. Excalibur is truly amazing on how they just continuously pointing fingers to another person/department. I called again yesterday (8/29/2013) after 5 days of the actual burglary, the receptionist said "the investigator assigned to your case has just stepped out of the office" and of course she never called me back. I called again today and Risk Managements' automatic answering machine is on again. I'm assuming they have the Friday off for the Labor Day weekend. . . We checked the reviews on tripadvisor and apparently burglary is a repeated offense in Excalibur. I'm seriously thinking to start a CLASS ACTION SUIT to get justice, and to save future customers form our traumatizing experience. If you have experience with your belongings getting stolen at Excalibur and if you're interesting in joining the CLASS ACTION SUIT, please send me a message.. . I will give Excalibur a zero star for the following reasons:. . 1. Repeatedly burglary offense.. 2. No security camera on the hallways.. 3. No process in place for burglary events. . 4. Hotel manager don't have any authority to help us.
This place is becoming a wacky place. The games are quite boring and not many selection. Above all, wired internet! REALLY? WIRED INTERNET!? Get with the program!. . The shows suck here and so does the variety of food. I came here last year, and the only WOW that I gave is the fact there's a YogurtLand and dedicated food court. . . Other than that, the rooms are ok, but no fridge! It's quite old and I think it needs a total uplift or just tear it down and build something new. . . It's cheap and all, but DAMN so far away from things! It's not like the walk way and tram is easy to get to either.
Staying at the Excalibur is like watching a pregnant woman smoke: you just feel in your bones how inherently wrong it is. I say this as someone who is normally a fan of laid back places where anything goes, smoky bars with wandering souls, and trashy themes. While the Excaliber manages to be smokey (seriously, this place reeks like you're at a landfill that's on fire) and has a nice tacky set up as fits its name, it's not actually any fun. The dealers are rude, the drinks slow to come, the carpet smelly and ugly. Everyone walking around looks like they are on an errand as opposed to vacation. People sitting at tables have that vacant 1000 yard stare of an addict for whom the joy part of the substance/activity has long worn off. . . All of this would be forgiven if it was the cheapest joint on the strip - I'm a fan of you get what you pay for. But it's not. While the room was relatively cheap, it is awfully sparse compared to spending a few bucks more at another hotel. And after that, the price difference disappears. The drinks are expensive and subject to changes in price - at the bar, I was charged three different amounts for the same beer, with one bartender trying to sell me a bud light for $7. So much for that food and beverage credit. Room service is as ridiculously expensive as it would be anywhere else ($13 for a pot of coffee), the table minimums start at $10 even during offpeak times, the Excaliber show is similarly priced to other Vegas extravaganzas far more worth your time (if you're an adult, see Zoomanity), and of course there is the ever present resort fee for WIRED internet which was no use to me or my girlfriend as all we had were our cell phones. The buffet was somewhat reasonable in cost but the food quality was pretty bad; it didn't make me sick exactly, but left me feeling queasy the rest of the day. . . I really could go on and on. I haven't even mentioned the employee who pulled us aside and started shouting in our faces about some deal or another. Being, you know, normal people on vacation we assumed that when a hotel employee stops you it's to share some sort of helpful information. The Excaliber prefers the shout in your face until you literally have to walk away. . . After the lady and I figured out how bad it was, we kept the room but gambled and hung out at the Tropicana and New York New York. We wound up having a great time in spite of our stay at the Excaliber, certainly not because of it. If you want to be on the strip, do yourself a favor and spend a few bucks on a more recently remodeled place. . . TLDR: cruddy yet still expensive. Pick somewhere else. . . PS: Despite the notation on Yelp that this place is good for children, it's really not. It might make for a good field trip into why you shouldn't smoke, gambling addiction and what it means to have a life full of failure, but you can just visit for that.
Stayed here when I came back to Vegas from Oregon and for a couple days I took pictures and then all this and security yelled at me saying I can't take anymore pictures but everyone else was able to not legit and very cheap hotel
This hotel smells awful.  It's a mixture of cigarette smoke and coconuts.  It's overwhelming.  It gets on your clothes and on your skin.  I had a reservation for 4 nights, but I moved out after spending just 1 night.  I had to wash all my clothes.
It's all about location that's all. Worn out hotel rooms. 95 a night good deal through our event we did on sat. We had two rooms. The toilet ran the first night. The ac is either snowing on or off no temp control worked in either room, so u sweat or freeze.
Not. Going. To. Stay. Here.  EVER! Again.. . The kids enjoyed the ONE simple water slide at the hotel's pool, but other than this, I could never lodge here again ever. I don't know, call me high maintenance, but I like my hotels a little more upscale. That really just sounded totally snobby, but it no way did I mean to be, just using words to describe the hotels I would prefer to stay at. . . This place is ideal for those who are on a budget and not caring to stay at an older, less modern hotel with minimal amenities. If you come to Vegas to party and the hotel room is merely a place to spend a few hours in to sleep, then this place will work for you.
You get what you pay for here! Got to the hotel around 1130 and was quickly put into a line to check my bag and told check in wasn't till 3pm. As I was standing in the line I looked over to the check-in desk and saw that people where checking in. Walked over and got in line. Employee came up and asked if I was checking in and I said yes. She told me that there was no rooms available but that if I pay $20 I could get a room right now. WTF!! I have arrived at other hotels around the same time and never been scammed like that before. So I decide to pay the $20 and wait. Got to the counter and my room wasn't available so they gave me a room that was supposedly the same but then figured out that it wasn't. Ended up getting a pool Cabana for Sunday. The pool area was filthy, cigarette buds all over the ground, couch pillows had stains as well as the lounge chair pillows. When the Cabanna host opened our cabana there was trash everywhere. She quickly picked up the trash and apologized. So again, u get what you pay for.
This hotel is horrible. We bought our room from southwest vacations which the whole package was a good price but we paise extra to upgrade our room and it was still crap. My brother in laws room was not upgraded and it was nicer with a better view. So don't upgrade. It's not worth it. The biggest thing that I HATTED was the people trying to sell you show tickets on the casino floor. I couldn't get around without being attacked by these people a minimum of 3 times. It gets very very old after a while. They are aggressive and very rude. I will never return just because of the show ticket sales people alone. Every other casino I walked through that trip I wasn't hassled like the Excalibur.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!!!!! Someone broke into my room around 5am and stole a purse that was two feet from me. CREEPY!!! Woke up to someone slamming the door shut, walked to see and my door was cracked open. Scary to think someone was in my room while I was sleeping. Security came in and told me the door doesn't close unless you pull the knob up!!! Front desk never mentioned anything and there was no notice on the door! Security showed me how the door doesn't close!!!!!! If they know it is a problem, WHY NOT FIX IT!!!!! This IS NOT THE ONLY TIME either!! Scroll down to read other reviews!! I wish I would have!! I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE TO ANYONE!!! Seriously only rated to leave this to helpfully save others the fright and frustration......
DO NOT STAY HERE!  DANGER!     This will ruin your Vegas experience.   The rooms smell like sewage, the towels are dingy and funky, the front desk staff is very rude, and the high pressure sales tactics for dumb show tickets are ridiculous.
SHAME ON EXCALIBUR HOTEL/CASINO..  my fiance and I checked into this hotel on Saturday for the first time ever. We were just starting our vacation, this same night we came back and I placed my purse on the dresser which is 2 ft from the foot of our bed, we went to sleep about 1am. We were woken around 4am-5am to our door being slammed (strange as I ensured our door was closed before bed) as we checked our room everything seemed to be ok, we assumed it was just the neighbor slamming their door, still unsure of why our door was cracked open, we went back to sleep. we woke up in a few hours later and started to get ready and then realized my purse was missing. It all came together, we were robbed in our own hotel room. And to make this worse... the robber was in our room and robbed us as we were sleeping. I'm scared and very disturbed by this situation and I want to make sure as people as I can tell know about this. I reported this to the casino security and they showed us how to properly lock the door that has no dead bolts. they promised follow up the next AM as their "risk management" is not there on weekends. I still have not heard anything. but someone out there stole my purse and my wallet in it. including credit cards/cash/ and my ID's. I will be taking this up with an attorney. as I came home to research this incident, on many travel sites including yelp have reviews from many other people that this exact thing happen to them and the hotel did nothing, and they are still pending a response on their incident. PLEASE BEWARE OF THIS CASINO. ROBBER ON PREMISE, AND CASINO DOES NOTHING.
Since the hotel looks like a castle and my boys loved that part of it and my oldest really enjoyed the Tournament of Kings show and the Fun Dungeon, I will give the hotel one star. The beds were also super comfortable!. . Now the reasons for the lack of stars...... After arriving in Las Vegas for our first time, the airport shuttle dropped us off at the hotel with a 9 year old, a 2 year old, and 8 bags, we walked into the hotel only to find that we were dropped off in the rear of the hotel and was very rudely informed by a security guard that there was a phone to call a bell hop. After 3 attempts to call the bell hop and being put on hold for extended periods of time, we gave up and walked to the complete opposite end of the hotel to check in. Once arriving at the opposite end of the hotel there was a line to wait in (which took an hour) to check in. . We finally get to our room and request more towels and such since there are 4 of us and only 3 sets of towels. We go to eat and when we come back, the towels are on the counter in the bathroom. I lift up one of the towels to move it and there is a large clump of dark hair on the towels which I can understand being missed in the probably massive amounts of laundry that the hotel has to do it the day, but similar instances happened on 3 occassions. One time clumps of hair, second time brown stains on the mats, and the third time brown stains on a towel. All of these on 3 different days and 3 different occassions. That is not forgiveable. . The first impression is everything!. On day 3 of being at the hotel and out walking around for 6-7 hours we were sore and wore out when we got back to the hotel and we decided to take turns going to get massages at the spa. I went first. When I got down to the spa I wanted to add on a foot rub to my 25 minute massage but apparently it takes 2 different people to make a back massage and foot massage happen and even though it is a total of 50 minutes of massages between the 2, I was told it would take an hour and a half. So I cancel the foot massage because my boyfriend's massage we only an hour after mine. I go back to the women's locker room and the girl sitting at the desk says that I am already running on my time and I have to shower before I can get my massage. So I am thinking that she means that I am using up my 25 minutes worth of massage so I explain that my appointment isn't until 4:30 (it was currently 4:20). Her response was that my time starts 15 minutes before my appointment. I rinse off with water and proceed to wait in the sitting area for my massage. I bring it up to the girl checking people in that it should be explained to people when they set up an appointment that they need to tell people that they need to be there early. She argues back that they did. My boyfriend was literally still on the phone making the appointments when I left the room and headed to the spa. Now the hotel may be big, but it is definitely not that big. As I am struggling with the staff there are 2 other women who openly share their dissatisfaction with the spa also for different reasons. One told me that I would pay more if I went to the Luxour or the MGM but I looked up the prices for massages at them and they were very similar to the Excalibur prices. If I would have known that before my massage, I would have happily taken my business elsewhere. I was there to relax, not be rushed by someone. . Some other things that were a problem are........ 1. The timeshare people always bothering you.. 2. The amount of smoke was terrible. . 3. The one time we went to the Lobby Lounge for drinks the bartender was slow and the ratio on both my drink and my boyfriends was completely off. . 4. Only offered one show and that was the Tournament of Kings. (A word to the wise, you can get the souvenir cups for $8 at the 24/7 store upstairs instead of paying $14 at the show). . Overall, it is waaaay better than Circus Circus to stay if you have kids but the kid amenities can be visited without being a hotel guest. We will not stay here next time.
I wish it was possible to give "0" stars. By far, the worst, most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in. It would be one thing if the hotel was disgusting with a cheap price and excellent service but it was neither of the two. Stayed here for a "cheap" alternative while visiting for a bachelorette party. Did not even feel comfortable taking my shoes off in the room. The sheets had holes and stains and the furniture was older than I am. Disgusting.
Absolutely horrid. Save your money. . Service is non existent . ......never going to this place again. Escalator should be one way only and the tram station should be an evacuation portal.  No stars for you.
An old hotel that smells like car freshener. . . The end.
I would have rather stayed at the super 8 motel than this place ever again. I stayed here 3 years ago ANC the room itself was dirty and there was a unidentified red streak in the wall that looked like blood. It never rains in Vegas but the one time it did was when we were staying here and it was the most rainfall recorded in years... The room 2 doors down's ceiling collapsed and the whole floor smelled like mildew. Not one person checked up on us or anything and when we said something about the smell the didn't move us or anything. I will never stay here again and will tell everyone else not to either.
From the moment we stepped out of the car we were less than impressed. We were being dropped off by friends and there was NO ONE around to help unload our luggage. When the bell hop finally did make an appearance he was extremely rude and kept telling us to move the car, did not help us with the bags and made fun of us for not knowing where registration was then walked off. We were then charged the extra $20 a day resort fee even though our reservation (from another discount site) stated all taxes and fees included. When we finally got to the room it smelled like a Dog had taken a dump in it. It had not been cleaned at all either. I called down to the desk to switch rooms. They informed me it would take 30 minutes to get us keys to a new room sent up to us so I had to go all the way back down to the front desk for them. For my Inconvenience the desk clerk (who did not apologize for the error or look me in the eye) gave me the exact drink coupon that is already provided in the welcome brochure. Thanks but free drinks are already provided when I gamble. After getting sorted in the new room we went down to the casino floor to gamble. We were in the hotel a total of three hours when we went back to the room to find out that they had reset our room keys and for my imposition I had to go back down to the front desk again to get a new key. Again no apologies!! Worst customer service ever. I knew this hotel was older but the rooms are extremely outdated and comparable to a cheap motel 6. Never going back.
I just checked into the Contemporary Superior Room and am definitely not impressed.  Mlife website states that the room has a spa tub in the room.  It has a large tub separate from the bathroom but no jets!  I call the front desk and they said that it was changed to only a tub.  I do not recommend this room.  Save your money and get one of the other rooms instead.. . **Edit 12/8/13** When I returned to my room, I found that key card was not working.  Security had to come up and let me in.  The reason why I needed security was that the front desk employee that took my credit card at check in did not swipe it into the computer system so my keys were deactivated until I paid my balance.  After a long day, I had to run back down to registration to take care of the credit card issue.  The manager on duty did refund the early check in fee ($20 to check in before 3:00 pm).
If there was a ZERO star I would use it.. The only thing that was pleasant about our recent 3 day stay in Dec 2013  was the room its self. Dealers snotty, no drinks served at the tables for over two hours even after pit boss pleaded on the phone several times. Don't bother talking to the food and beverage manager because ALL you hear is " well the servers are UNION" . The only other time I had this type of service experience was at Bellagio last year where I couldn't get a drink after more than an hour and recieved the same response. Hey MGM get with the program.. I'll stay downtown where my business is appreciated.
In the day time, it looks like a tacky hotel casino with the Disney like theme.  Night time, it looks better, but then everything looks better at night.  The casino is big, but is dated.  And that is true for the rooms as well.  You can get a good rate here mostly because no one wants to stay.  The location is not bad.  At the street corner where it is located is NY NY, MGM and the Tropicana.  The tram connects it to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay.  And there in lies the problem; it seems that there are more exciting places with better casinos to go to, because they are.  If you want a cheap place to stay and walk to the other places, I guess this is ok.  However, as a veteran to Vegas, you really just want to jump on the elevator when it's time to hit the sack, not walk a million miles.
The Good: It's on the Las Vegas Strip and if you want to explore the strip you are right there. If you have a family then this is the place for you as its cheap compared to other hotels on the strip. Check in was easy and plenty of parking. . . The Bad: This is not a hotel for couples. There were  too many kids for me and getting in my way when walking around the casino or hotel.  My room was the standard king size room and was an okay room. The mattress was worn out and needed to be replaced ASAP. . . The Ugly: The hotel is dated and needs a major facelift. I hated paying the daily $18 resort fee plus tax. There is No Wifi in the rooms and they only have wired Internet.  The Internet cable was tangled but working.  Then you have the pesky timeshare people that profile every hotel guest luring you to their desk for discounted Las Vegas show tickets but you willhave to attend their timeshare crap. I cut them off and told them I was not interested in that garbage.   My opinion is that timeshares are usually ripoffs and if you really want a timeshare you can buy one usually from a bank for 50-90% off selling price. There is huge profit in the timeshare industry so buyer beware. . . The $20 food and beverage credit is a joke and only one credit during my three day stay.  They will send you to an expensive restaurant or other establishments that will cost you more than $20 in food or beverage. This is a marketing scam so call the hotel and confirm what I am saying before you make a reservation.. . I would not recommend this hotel for couples and spend the extra $20 bucks a night for a better hotel on the strip if you want to be on the strip. . .  I will NOT be staying at this hotel ever again so bye bye Excalibur.
