Wow....This place is WAYYYYY overrated! This is coming from a Chinese San Franciscan who has had her fair share of real Chinese food and the attempted crappy Asian fusion foods.. . So a few friends and I made reservations two days in advance and this is how it works; if reservations are made they call us the day of to make sure we are still coming. I thought, okay they wanna make sure so when we come by they have a table ready for us....how spiffy. Was I wrong! We all got there 5 minutes before our expected arrival hoping to get some food and then head to the club upstairs. To my surprised, we get a pager and we are told to wait until a table is ready in ten to fifteen minutes. WTF?!! We confirmed earlier that we will be there and we come early and we STILL had to wait?!?!? Mind you that we have not eaten and we are all starving so, we were pretty frustrated....and after fifteen minutes....no pager action so we head to the front and ask when we will be seated. The host looked flustered and told someone to lead us to the table. Wow such "wonderful" service and it doesn't end there.. . When we finally got seated (also I was looking around when we were taken to our seats....there were plenty of open tables), I looked through the menu and decided what to order in like 5 minutes. I kept a timer near by me because I saw how much the waiter was passing us and it took them 20 minutes from handing out our menus to actually take our orders down. . . When we finally got our food, the only good thing about it was probably the plate it was on. I ordered the Thai roasted chicken. When I ate my first piece of it, I realized that the chicken was dry....not the way I like my chicken to be cooked. In addition, The chicken was coated with a ton of very sweet sauce. I tried using the sauce to moisten the chicken up but the sauce did not complement the chicken. I was very disappointed with that. I even a bite from my boyfriends food...Meh it was alright.. . My overall review for this place, we came in at 9 and didn't leave until 11 due to waiting for service to come by. I think we spent probably a good 75% of the time just waiting. So what do i say about the service, that IT SUCKS! The food was not worth the taste or the price. I wasn't very pleased with the place and will not be returning to the restaurant to eat ever again.
My friend was in town and we wanted to go somewhere with a "scene," that simultaneously had good food.  Needless to say, Tao was not the right spot for us.  As for the "scene," Tao pretty much hits the mark.  It is a beautiful restaurant, dimly lit, and plenty of Las Vegas visitors looking for a good time.  As for the food, it was very mediocre.  I will not be returning.  On a busy Saturday night in Las Vegas without a reservation, we waited for our table for about 30 minutes.  Not bad, huh?  Well with the 40 bucks we tipped the hostess to get a table at all, I was expecting to be seated right away.  I want my 40 bucks back! Oh well, live and learn.  On to the food.  Between the two of us we split the chefs special roll, shrimp tempura roll, spicy yellowtail crunchy onion roll, lobster wontons, shishito peppers, vegetable brown fried rice, and edamame.  Sounds like a lot of food, but the portions are small.  This was definitely enough food for us though.  The sushi was really not impressive.  Yes, the fish is fresh, but unless you are ordering sashimi, it is still possible to get a bad roll.  Well, we got three.  The worst was the shrimp tempura roll.  So small! So bland! So boring! Come on, if you are going to list this a chefs speciality, it better be special.  The other two rolls were a little better, but both sitting on top of a heavy mayo sauce that did not taste good.  This is my pet peeve.  Leave off the heavy sauce people! Especially if it tastes like crap.  The lobster wontons were pretty decent, I could only eat one because they were rich, turn your stomach kind of rich- too saucy, too salty, too something.  I will say the vegetable brown fried rice was pretty good.  This "healthier" version of fried rice was packed with veggies and had a great flavor, the only downfall here is that it was served to us ice cold.  The best thing at this restaurant by far was the shishito peppers! I swear these should be on every asian restaurant menu.  I cant imagine it is too difficult to roast these bad boys up, but regardless, Tao did a good job here.  If you haven't tried these peppers before, please try them!  I wouldn't steer you in the wrong direction.  Anyway, I may come back to Tao for a drink, but as for food, I will take my sushi/ asian craving elsewhere.
Sorry, but PF Chang does it better. The horrible house DJ made it impossible to talk.  And to spend $180 for 4. What a waste
Warning for those who come here for a hosted event:. . We had a company event here recently and a part of the service included an open bar from 7:30 - 10:00 PM (along with a mediocre hosted buffet dinner).  . . There was only *ONE* bartender to serve 70 people AND the bartender (and support staff) started ignoring everyone's orders approximately 15 minutes before the end of open bar --- she made herself look like she was busy by tidying the bar.  . . It was SO obvious that it was a ploy by Tao to not serve us any more drinks as they were being cheap on the alcohol.  This left a bad taste in our mouths.
Out of all of the places I've eaten at on the strip, Tao has to have the worst customer service at a high-end Vegas restaurant on the strip.  It was as if they were doing everything they could to get us in and out as fast as possible.  The individual assisting our waiter kept taking our food before we were done - even after I told him to stop.  After spending $100 a plate I'd like to finish my food. . . After all of this, I tried desperately to speak to a manager without any luck.  It was as if the employees at Tao were intentionally preventing me from speaking with a manager because they were afraid they'd get in trouble.  They told me that I had to talk to the general manager.  I called twice and they finally transferred me to his voice mail which obviously wasn't the general manager.   Seems like something a general manager shouldn't be handling anyway.. . The food was okay.  We ordered Peking Duck.  I've had better.  The only good thing the whole night was our waiter Dave.  . . After my experience here, I am telling everyone I know not to eat here.
Asian Fusion sounds about right. The food was horrible, they're serving dumplings and rice at a premium price. If you have money to spend and want asian food because you don't know what it's really about, then this is for you. I guess they have a great business plan geared only towards Americans who believe in this crap.. . On the side note, they offered great service and I really liked the ambience.
Absolutely terrible.  . . Reservations. Waited an hour to be seated with dinner reservations on a slow Tuesday night.  . . Bar Area. Flagged down manager after 1/2 hour sitting in bar area with no drink service.  Manager got argumentative, said I was exaggerating and it hadn't been a 1/2 hour since we had been sitting there.  He was right it was 35 minutes.  Finally ordered drinks, got wrong drinks and took forever to close out especially when they don't give you a pen to sign check while walking away.    . . Employees. If you like going to places where the employees have attitudes and treat you as if you're lucky to be there, this is the place.  Don't expect an apology, free app or any acknowledgement for being seated after waiting an hour after your reservation.. . Food. The sushi dishes not good.  Go to some of the many other great sushi restaurants in Vegas if this is what you want.  Other dishes rival PF Chang's only at a higher cost with crappy service.  . . There are so many restaurants with great ambiance and food in Vegas so don't waste it on a sub par, negative experience with a restaurant like Tao.
Save your money. Go to panda express on the strip. Youll get more food and it'll taste better.
We waited 20 minutes to order, then they forgot the first part of our order, and they didn't try and make up for the poor service with taking care of a drink or something. This place really is not very good. They sold us over the phone on a Pre-theater Phantom menu, then we we got there they said they didn't have such a menu. It was really a joke. People in Vegas must be used to shitty service because I will never spend my money here again.
I was EXTREMELY disappointed by this place. I went out to dinner here with a friend before a night out in the club upstairs and received awful service from the start. The hostess suggested we sit at the sushi bar to avoid a wait for a table and then failed to walk us to the back to seat us. We awkwardly wandered through the restaurant until we reached the sushi bar in the back and there we not even any open seat there. Once we were finally seated our waiter brought us waterand took our order. We said we wanted to hold off on ordering drinks until we got our food.. . A different waiter than or original one brought out our food and we were never checked on. Didn't have the chance to order drinks, no one asked how our food was or if we needed anything...we were totally ignored. I ended up asking a third staff member in passing to bring me a drink. A man who appeared to have a managerial position based on the way he was dressed was wandering around our area for awhile and never even picked up on the fact that we were not being helped. About an hour later we had to ask him where our server was just to get our bill and neither apologized to us.. . I had high expectations for this place based on the prices and reputation but was extremely disappointed and will not be back next time I'm in town.
They think that they're doing you a favor by letting you eat here. The service is beyond horrible, and they food is awful. Not to mention its so loud that the waiters can't hear your order and bring you the wrong things.
A very expensive PF Changs. The food isn't bad. I love PF Changs, but for this amount of money, it's better spent on one of the many unique restaurants in Vegas
Well my hot girlfriend and I decide to go to this joint for some fancy dining and we were up for an entire different journey.  I wanted to go to the freaking noodle bar at the hotel because I was kinda grumpy but she insisted. There was this long wait for the night club upstairs but we told the hostess that we were there to eat but we got this weird look as if we were cutting the club line which I tried to ignore.  The main dude- kinda heavy set with a flat top says "Hi, you guys got reservations?"  That really pisses me off, calling my hot girlfriend a guy.  No...we didn't have reservations.  So...I take the little plastic buzzer and he says it will take 30-45 mins.  I decide to order some dranks as the bar.  When I go up for the second round at the bar for drinks, the chicka dees at the bar are all gawking at how cool my mustache is.  Two douchers walk up behind me, one has total respect for the stache and the other must have had too much to drink because he got in my bubble when I was trying to order my drinks.  The bar tender came by and he started talking and i grabbed that pencil neck and threw him over my shoulder behind me.  So....the wait for the table.  4 jack and cokes in....we get our table and I had to relieve myself.  I go to the bathroom and come to our table...very dark..very loud..trying to be patient because there is a night club upstairs.  So...I'm a little drunk and then our little too cool for school waiter comes up with the dumb a** blow out hair cut comes up and starts his spiel..saying what we "Have to order"  to go to the night club menue...bro...broham...we don't want to go to the night club.  We just want to eat.  So....I say right off the bat..Could we please get two waters?  He points to our table and says  "There's two waters right there."  His tone, his attitude, etc. made me have a Viet Nam Flash back.  Like I said, the joint was dark and loud, I didn't see the two waters and plus I went to the bathroom.  Talk about wanting to chokeslam a doucher for attempting to embarrass me in front of my girlfriend.  This turd needed to be flushed down the drain.  I ordered a pretty extensive order and got up and left.  Bro....Broham...you're a waiter for a reason because you suck at life.  How ever if that's what you choose to do....have some common sense and learn how to take an order.  If I say two more waters, shut your stupid mouth and bring me two more waters.  You were lucky I was in a good mood.  . . So we finally end up going to the the noodle bar at the and it was the shizzzzzznitttt.  The service was fantastic and the food was great.  I love you.  And bring me my two waters next time.
Waaaaay overpriced for what you get.  Portions were huge, and dishes were either overly sweet or overly salty.  There are much better ways to spend your money than Tao.. . I got the Miso Glazed Sea Bass (~$40), and as my husband described it tasted like "fancy fish sticks wiht sweet sauce".  The fish was huge and very sweet, served with some veggies drenched in sauce/oil.  I also ordered a wine to go with my meal; it was just okay.  This sounds picky, but the wine glass it came in was the same as a crappy set I owned in college.  I couldn't help feeling like I was back at a college party.  A restaurant that expensive could afford a nice wine glass at least.. . My husband got the Seared Ahi Tuna (~$35), and they were really salty.  The tuna itself wasn't great; you could hardly taste it.. . On a side note, if you eat at the restaurant you can get in to the night club as a VIP - just ask the waitstaff to get your wrist stamped.
The sushi I ordered was very good, but that's about it. The menu is EXTREMELY overpriced. So overpriced that the good sushi and rice isn't enough to bring it up to 2 stars. If I hadn't come here with gift cards I'd have been super pissed. The food would be 2- or maybe 3-star material if it was 1/3 the price, because given the quality of the filet mignon in my main dish I promise you it wasn't worth the $40 they're asking. Serving sizes are also small at any price, but especially for the prices they charge.. . The filet is actually 7 or 8 very small pieces of meat, maybethe size of a McDonalds chicken nugget. The whole dish is covered in an extremely artificial just-came-out-of-a-box tasting sauce, and the peppers lack flavor. The chicken that my fiance ordered had potential and she was happy with the way it was cooked, but it was overall "only okay" as she says. I had a taste and hated it, but that was just the flavor. Not something I would have ordered. Also, I was probably jaded by my garbage steak already.. . We ordered a side of pork fried rice also. This was a semi-bright spot on the night. The rice was very good, and there were a lot of vegetables which we liked. Big fans of veggies. But the pork in the rice was bad. It was small chunks and also tasted and felt like it had come right out of a box and popped into the microwave.. . Now the sushi was amazing. I don't remember what it was called but it was their special for the day or week or something, and included salmon, real crab, avocado, caviar, ginger (I think), and a spicy-ish sauce. This roll was absolutely delicious, and I devoured it in like 5 minutes.. . As a side note, the service was good. The waitress could have stopped by a little more frequently but it wasn't a big deal overall. She was very nice and our order was correct and our drinks were eventually filled.. . I have money left on my gift card after paying $150 for some of the most mediocre, fast-food level, processed tasting, overall low quality steak I've had in a long time. I'll use it for sushi or drinks but after it's used up I definitely won't be back.
All cover and no book!  'Specialty drinks' tasted like they were made for a 15 year old, sushi was standard, rolls were substandard.  Dessert was excellent though. All decor and image.
I live in Las Vegas and this is a horrible place to eat dinner...Service is slow,  Servers have attitudes and the food is below average......This is not like the location in NYC. Las Vegas has so many good places to eat...cross this off your list.....its totally past its prime....as another review said A HUGE disappointment....
We stayed at The Palazzo on our last visit to Vegas and were looking for a nearby restaurant for dinner. It was Friday night and we had to meet friends back in our rooms at 9:30pm, so I made an early reservation at 7:30pm. We arrived at 7:30 to be told "your table is almost ready, please have a seat in the lounge". I ordered the Tao-tini, which was way too sweet. Not bad, just tasted like Kool-aid and not what I expected. In 15 minutes we were called for our table and then promptly forgotten about as we stood awkwardly adjacent to the host stand and three other tables were seated ahead of us. Another 10 minutes before we are shown to our table. It's now nearly 8pm so we quickly place another drink order and review the menu. (Great atmosphere and cool vibe coming from the restaurant, BTW.) So by at 8:15pm we flag down a waiter (not ours, he disappeared) to order. We promptly got our appetizer and then we waited. And waited more. We ordered sushi and Shabu Shabu. Items that you DO NOT NEED TO COOK. So please tell me why our food took 45 minutes to arrive? At this point it was 9pm and our remaining friends had arrived early to the hotel so one gal barely ate and left to go meet them with the room key while the remaining group ate in the most un-lady like fashion and scarfed our plates of food. Ridiculous. The manager came over at that point to offer us another round of drinks and dessert on the house!?!???? We were already late, and no we don't want to be delayed even further. He ended up comping our app and drinks instead. . . All in all the food was good, the drinks were mediocre and the service was terrible. I wanted to love Tao Las Vegas (I love the New York location) but I can't get over the horrible service. No one in our group will be back.
Giving it a one star only because I have to. The only thing worse than the food was the service. The waiter was so, so rude. He didn't, ask questions, never came to check on drinks even when he was right there. I am a reasonable person. If it was so busy and he was working very hard, I'd understand. Since he had enough time to stand at the back and observe, I would think he could make himself useful and at least refill ourdrinks. This is Vegas people, many, many, many better options. Do not waste your time or money on this place. There were three of us, no one liked their meals. It is also very loud, as it is part of a night club -- I didn't mind this part -- that was actually the fun part. What I didn't appreciate was where I was seated. They seated us at the back where the staff kept going in and out from, with dishes et al -- and every time someone would pass, most likely would knock into me. The rudest part was no one -- not even one person there apologized for doing so.  . . I am disappointed as after reading the reviews people have received good to decent service -- not in our case.. . Yikes, save yourself the trouble and drop your dime elsewhere. Way, way better options available.
Terrible service by Sam. For a $200 meal I was extremely disappointed. The food was fine but I shouldn't have to wait 15 minutes and have to ask for the check before it comes to the table. The waiter seemed annoyed to be serving us. I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone!
Ten of us were there to celebrate daughters law school graduation. The food was, seriously, no better than cheap Chinese takeout and service was quite disappointing. Waiter startedout cordial and mildly aggressive, trying to "up-sell" us on drinks and appetizers. When we asked him food questions, he showed annoyance with us! Cocktails were very disappointing, especially at $15 each. It took them 25 minutes to get all of our food on the table, but since we were sharing, family-style, this didn't hold us up. By then, our waiter had handed us off to a busboy. We asked him where our waiter had gone, and he said the waiter "was busy with other tables". Apparently in another part of the restaurant, since we didn't see him again. He got his "automatic tip" for groups over ten, so he didn't care. Don't go here for the quality of food or service, but only for the impressive decor. That's all they can offer of interest.
Overpriced.  Bad service. . . The one positive thing is they havea  good tuna appitizer with crispy rice.. . If it wasnt for that appitizer the whole meal would've been a bust.. . I was surprised my server didn't introduce himself. He then went off for really long periods of time in between ordering drinks and the meal etc. When I did ask him his name he looked at me puzzled that I even asked. . . This places decor is nice, trendy even. . . I came here hoping to get my sushi fix but was left  disappointed. . . How is it possible that if I ordered an 8 piece sashimi plate it comes out after my husbands steak that needs to be cooked? I have no problem paying a lot of money for an experience, phenomenal food or great service. When you get one great appetizer and 2 mediocre entrees and surprising service... its just not worth it.
VERY disappointing, especially for a Vegas restaurant that charges an arm and a leg. Just for a restaurant itself, very very disappointing. . . This was supposed to be an Asian fusion type restaurant but it really lacked in Asian authenticity in terms of flavor. It seemed like the chefs just used different types of sauces  to compensate for lack of flavor which resulted in chaos. . . Fried rice with sausage: Very SMALL portion. Weird "sweet and sour" sauce spread over the rice. I would not order again. . . Pad Thai: Lacking flavor. Some type of sweet taste that I knew after one bite, I would get sick of it after subsequent bites. Very unauthentic. I would not order this again either.
Tao is definitely not the place to go if you want good Asian cuisine. . . I ordered the curry noodles and they were salty and the noodles are way too thin, not to mention it was extremely over priced (along with pretty much everything on the menu) I mean c'mon 26$ for a little bowl of curry noodles? . . Super dark and SUPER LOUD. It's pretty much like eating in a night club. You have to yell at the person across from you for conversation. . . I went with a large party maybe 15 or so people. When the check came out we simply asked for it to be split up. The waiter literally looked at us as if we were asking him to juggle chainsaws on fire while unicycling on a tight rope. . . He said it would take some time to split it up, pretty much trying to convince us not to. He took roughly 35-40 minutes to split the check. Seriously? C'mon. If the local Denny's can split a 15 person check with no issue why can't your hip modern upscale Asian restaurant do so too? . . In conclusion, avoid Tao unless you enjoy mediocre over priced food and shitty customer service.
I have to say, as a Chinese restaurant in the states, it's very hard to be worse than Panda Express, and Tao made it. This is the most wired Asian food I have ever had in the states. Price is expensive and food is bad. Dishes are big and things insider are small. . . The most amazing part is the decoration of the restaurant, though I don't understand why they put Buddhas in a Tao style restaurant (they are different religions). . . Anyway, it might be a successful nightclub, but definitely not a successful Chinese or Asian restaurant! Never go for this, if you want to try REAL Chinese food in LV.
