I just don't get why everyone goes crazy for this place, we went here for lunch and I had hear a lot of good thing about this place so I was looking forward to it . I order the Asada tacos, let me tell you, Meat had no flavor , salsa needed salt n pepper  big dissapoinment  Damn even the gas stations out here in California have better tasting tacos ,  I think this place should stick to eatheir Mexican or Korean and focus on the flavors.      Not worth your money. This place has nothing on tacos el gordo
I came here very exited to try the food after work.  I walked in and I was pointed to a table to sit at my w young nice guy.  I sat where I thought I was asked to sit.  Once I sat down I was rudely moved to another table by an older guy.  The guy said "the guy asked you to sit at that other table", but said it with such a quick and nasty attitude.  I said sorry and moved to the other table.  At that point I really felt embarrassed and upset and felt like leaving.  I decided to stay anyways and try the food.  I ordered the bulgogi fries.  They were not what I expected.  The fries were soo soggy and the meat mushy.  I got the 1/2 order and I'm glad I did not order the full size because after eating 1/4 of this I started to feel nauseous.  I had ordered an order of the bulgogi rice to go.  My husband tried this and didn't like it.  He said it left a weird after taste and feeling in his tongue.  I hadn't even told him about the fries.  I will never go here again.  I don't know what everyone goes so crazy about and why the reviews are soo high for this place.  Nasty nasty and terrible service!!!!!
Tried to go here twice. Both times closed. Won't waste my time anymore. They don't wanna keep a regular schedule they don't need my $
When I read reviews I had to get to this place... here I am, in my car just ordered and so I wait... thing is.. first impression is everything... smelled good.. clean... but waitress didn't even Notice me at first.. when she finally did she was very nice. She sent me to the counter to order where Mr. Ken didn't even look at me... so much for first impressions. I felt like I was bothering him. I ordered beef fried rice.. bulgogi.. and chicken wings. I hope the food is better than the service.. geez... Still waiting for my food over 40 mins later.. r they killing the chicken back there!. Update.. I got my food 10 seconds after I hit post... when the waitress handed me the bag she said " u picked the wrong time... next time call in your order" now.. of course I know what she intended by that but really??? Shld there be a "wrong time"? Oh next time I will come when everyone is twiddling their thumbs! Hhmph... if I had sat down wld. I HV received my food quicker? Why? I was the ONLY take out order and then a boy came after me who incidently got his order b4 me. Ooh.. Mr. Ken said it was BC of the wings I ordered.. they take 20 mins.. let's talk about those.. 8 Wingdings! Not wings... dry as hell.. the coating on top of the chicken was spicy and sweet.. decent enough.. but clearly the meat wasn't seasoned.. just slapped sauce on dry ass chicken.. clearly 20 mins too long Mr. Ken... u cold HV apologized for my long wait.. that wild HV been acceptable.. maybe offered.me some quac and chips for my trouble.. I guess some things are too much to ask... I also ordered the rice.. it would have been good if I cldnt taste old grease flavor peeking through.. 18.00 and a waste of my time.  pick another spot.. I tried it and they get a big fat F.... . Fee
Let's make this short and simple... I walked in and the young man at the door said no dine ins due to a big party that was coming. He said take out only... We agreed  this other rude man said to order on the counter but the way he said it and went about it was so demanding. He reminded me of a C.O in prison... We didn't even sit down and eat because customer service was so horrible. With that said.... Screw Komex fusion and all it's rudeass employees!
Went there for the first time after reading rave reviews. Ordered to go, Food was interesting at best. . Biggest let down was customer service, male at the cashier had a bit of an attitude when I asked for extra salsa. ( felt like I had to explain myself ) Mention something about costing extra which is not an issue except for the fact that you can have as much as you like if you are eating there. . I was looking forward to trying this place but I think the bad customer service ruined the entire experience for me.
