Tom Colicchio should pack his knives and go. This restaurant is mediocre at best. We had a reservation and still waited for almost 45 minutes for our table to be ready. The hostess never checked in with us and we had to repeatedly double check on whether our table was ready or not. There is hardly a waiting area and the servers running between tables were very rude and acted put out when asking us to move out of their way. There is literally nowhere comfortable to stand. . The food is uninventive and uninspired. There were 6 of us and we ordered lobster bisque, which was good but served lukewarm, oysters, that were not shucked properly, and a Caesar salad, which was nothing special.  We all had steak, which for the price was not worth it, not cooked correctly, and strangely seasoned. As for the sides,Tom Colicchio, as a Top Chef judge, should really be ashamed. The best part of the meal were the Parker House Rolls and the wine.  . The best part of the dinner was the service, which was very good. . . My recommendation is to go somewhere else, especially if you have a large party, and especially if you're willing to drop a lot of money for food that should fit the price.
What a disappointment.  My husband and I decided to go here because we were seeing a concert at the MGM that night.  We both love a good steak and have no problem paying $50+ a plate for a good meal.  We both ordered the fillet, they arrived at the correct temperature, but were tough and bland.  I would compare this steak to something from Fridays or Chilli's.  I gave it one star for the value and another star because the service was so good they should be recognized.  We won't waste our money here again.
What a let down!  Could go to chain steakhouse and get the same taste.  Steaks not cooked correctly. Waitress seemed like we were putting her out everytime we asked for something.  For the price and for the chef's name on it, I expected so much more.
I went here with my friend. We got the swiss chard, gratin potatoes, rack of lamb, and filet mignon, both medium. The lamb came out medium rare and the filet was dry and well done and cold. The potatoes were cooked fine but the sauce was thin and flavorless and the chard was nothing special. We were so disappointed we didn't even bother staying for dessert. The only saving grace was that I was footing the bill, which was good because I felt so bad for suggesting it. What a waste of money.
Where do I begin? Oh yes, the bar "losing our order", what a great start. . This was followed by the landslide. . -Hostess takes us to a table, only to immediately take us to a "better table". . -Sit at the "better table" for 20 minutes without service. . -I go to the hostess stand to ask if we have a waiter, she apologizes and assures me a manager will be with me immediately. We were there for an hour and 45 minutes total, the manager never arrived. . -Our second attempt at ordering drinks fell flat. Third time worked. . -Had to stop a different waiter to get a wine menu that our waiter was coming right back with, 20 minutes earlier. . . To the food:. -3 of 4 steaks were grossly overcooked. . -Lobster bisque was bland.. -Salads were mediocre, at best. . -Asparagus was good, but that's easy. . . In all, everyone at the table agreed this was the worst restaurant experience any of us have had. Very disappointing as a close friend that is a major foodie described it as a "life changing meal" for him. I guess technically it was for me too, just not in a good way.  I'm appalled that we spent more PER dish than an entire meal for four at the likes of Outback Steakhouse and left wishing we had gone to Outback Steakhouse. . . I will stick to Les Artistes Steakhouse when in Vegas. . . Thanks for a horrible ending to our fabulous wedding day.
My experience at Craftsteak was the worst I have had at an upscale steakhouse. It had nothing to do with the service, because the service was fine. It was the food that made my visit unpleasant. . . The meal started off with rolls being served. They looked like Hawaiian roles, but not as sweet...and not as good. . . Next was the main course. I ordered the bone in rib-eye and a side of the gratin potatoes. I asked for my steak to be medium-well, and it came out looking charred to a crisp. The server even said "rib-eye well...errrrr...medium-well" as he presented the plate to me. I immediately cut into the steak to see that the inside was slightly red on the inside, and it was just the outside that was extra crispy. Most of the steak tasted OK, but there were parts where it was so over cooked that it reminded me of eating a burnt marshmallow. It had that texture of being burnt to a bubbling state. I ate as much of the steak as I could, and tried to avoid as much of the burnt areas as possible. . . The gratin potatoes were good, but nothing special. They came out hot, and the serving size was pretty good. . . About a hour after I finished eating at Craftsteak, I had a terrible stomach ache. Granted, I had been in Vegas for a couple of days and my stomach was churning a bit from all of the buffets and drinks...but this was a different type of pain. It felt like I had a 16 pound bowling ball dropped on my stomach, and the feeling was with me ALL night. I will not be eating here again. The prices are astronomical for the experience and the sub par food. There are just so many steakhouses in Vegas that it is not worth it to tolerate a bad one.
A waste of time and money.  Ordered the Porterhouse medium rare, it arrived cold and super rare.  Waiter chatting incessantly through out the meal, hard to enjoy the company we were with.  A poor reflection on the owner of this restaurant, as I am sure most people go there because of the owner. Had a nine pm reservation and still had to wait more than 30 minutes for our table in a restaurantthat clearly wasn't full.  Save your time and your money.
My husband and I saved Craftsteak for our last night in Vegas and I wish we had skipped it altogether. If there is one word to describe the meal it would be BLAND BLAND BLAND. I don't know if the chef was out of town because it was Labor Day week-end or what, but everything was barely warm, and tasteless. We went with the Waygu tasting menu when I asked about a wine pairing they said to pick any "flight" of wine that was offered because they would all go with the meal. Having had many tasting and degustation menus at many other restaurants I was very surprised by this, there was always a certain wine for each course not a "one size fits all" mindset. We decided to opt out of the wine flights and stick with mixed drinks.  Our first course was Lobster Bisque which was thin and barely room temperture and as we started to eat that, out came the salads, Caesar, Heirloom Tomatoe, and Buffalo Mozzarella again all I can say is BLAND BLAND BLAND no taste or seasoning what-so-ever. Now I was begining to get really worried about our main course and I was right to worry. The steaks, while cooked fine were as tasteless as everything else, and keep in mind that all of this was served to us with-in 30 minutes of seating down. When you go out for a meal like this is "supposed" to be, I don't expect to be rushed in and out the door. There were plenty of empty tables so it's not like they were busy. Anyway, I was so dissapointed in everything that after one bite of the steak my husband and I both decided to send it back. To the restaurants credit they did take it back and offer to make us something else but we just asked for our check and left. They did not charge us for the meal, just the drinks we had. Next time we are in Vegas we will avoid this place at all cost. After reading the reviews for Picasso at the Bellagio I think we'll try there. They seem to know what a degustation menu, wine pairings, and a leisurely dinner pace should be.
Seriously, the people that gave this place a 5 star do not know anything about a good steak. This was the worst place ever. The ambiance was cool, the service was amazing, but the food was crap. My BF and I are steak lovers and we make it a point to try all the steakhouses we can. Sooooo based on the reviews on yelp, we thought we would give this place a shot. Big mistake. We ordered that Kobe aged crap they had and it was horrible AND it's not supposed to be! Also, the lobster I ordered was super rubbery and the lobster bisque was yuck. Actually, the side of wild mushrooms was the only thing that saved the meal - plus the bottle of red wine. Urgh...just thinking about it all over again makes me so mad - Never again.
I got sick...  My husband and I went to LV for our anniversary. Planned to have dinner here and go to a show. . . I found out last year I am gluten sensitive - I get really sick and I asked our waiter first thing if he would please tell me if anything had gluten in it and he said, yes, that was no problem.. . We had rib-eye steak, mushrooms, Brussel sprouts and  a glass of red wine.  The food was good, and I especially liked the mushroom sampler - they were wonderful but either the sauce that was on the steak or the one on the Brussel sprouts had wheat in it.  I ate nothing else the whole day that I hadn't brought from home - this was our only meal out and I was up all night SO sick - stomachache, joint aches, all the symptoms I get from gluten.  I am MAD that he couldn't be bothered to check with the chef.. . Also, I have to say the steak prices are outrageous. We prefer to eat grassfed steak but the ones on the menu were $150 and up for a 14oz steak. I can get a 16oz organic grassfed rib-eye at our local natural foods store for $18 so the mark up seemed crazy.. . We had a nice dinner until I got sick . The food is tasty but in my opinion, not worth the cost. I think I'm  done with celebrity restaurants...
I have had lamb in almost every restaurant, in every country I have had the opportunity of visiting, anywhere from Los Angeles, to the Greek Islands and by far the lamb at Craftsteak has been the worse ever! I have always asked for the chef to cook my lamb the way he intended it to be served, given that I trust the chef with his tasted and cooking abilities, but this time, it appeared he sent it to me directly cut from the lamb's ribs, bypassing the range. I had to send it back and ask for it to be cooked, but when it returned there was very little difference.. The service was mediocre, given our bill was a hefty one. The only people who busted their butts were the busboys who were at our service.. I don't recommend this restaurant, but if you must, kip the lamb at all costs!. My party had similar issue with their food, but I'll let them write their own comments and reviews!
Wow, what a huge disappointment.  We had been looking forward to ending our trip with dinner at Craft after eating at some other fabulous places in Vegas.  Let's start with the positives:. Ambiance - very nice. Wait Staff - Friendly and Knowledgeable. Overall Menu - Good selections and great wine list. Portion size - all very large - when they tell you they are sharable, they mean it!. . Then it all falls apart.. Nothing, and I do mean nothing that we ordered was not in need of seasoning.  Lobster Bisque, Bussell Sprouts, Risotto, Filet ALL needed salt and pepper..and of course there is none at the tables.. . And I am sure it is some new trend with chefs but really, a Caesar Salad that I had to spend 10 minutes cutting up....really I don't want to work that hard for a salad and yet again needed seasoning.. . Probably the most disappointing were the Filets which we both ordered medium rare.  No seasoning and we were expecting the filet to melt in your mouth.  These were not even close, . . And finally, a screaming baby throughout our whole dinner!. . After the disappointing dinner we went elsewhere for dessert.  $400 for a dinner that on a scale of 1-10 we felt we could generously give a 3.
Crapsteak was a fine dining flop.. . I was really excited to eat at Craftsteak.  After watching many episodes of Top Chef and hearing Chef Tom C. chastise contestants regarding quality, execution and 'if it's not right, don't serve it', I was anxiously anticipating a truly fine dining experience of extraordinary quality.  Well Tommy, you failed.  Epic fail.  It was one of the worst meals I've had in an upscale fine dining establishment.  The meat was a poor cut, the service slower than snot, the meal cold and the sides greasy.  Presentation was thoroughly poor.  The wait staff bumbled over each other trying to figure out who got what.  I now refer to CraftSteak as 'CrapSteak'. When I now see Tom shooting his mouth off on TC, I laugh my ass off over the hypocracy. Tom, please pack your knives and go home.
My wife and I were staying at the MGM Grand for 311 Day, and we decided to have a nice meal at Craftsteak on 3/10.  Here is what we ordered:. . - Market Spinach Salad to start (pretty good, kind of plain though). - Kurobuta Pork Chop, which is what I ordered (Very tasty, but a little overcooked). - Sea Bass (my wife ordered this and liked it). - Risotto on the side (good but needed seasoning, my wife liked it more than I did). - Creme Brulee for dessert (nothing special at all, and neither one of us liked the ice cream that came with it). . The service was attentive, but when a manager came by to check on us she did not know what was served with my wife's Sea Bass (turned out to be some sort of mushroom).  I was kind of surprised by that since I love watching shows like Restaurant Impossible, and the host always rips servers for not knowing the menu.  Without our experience afterwards I would give the meal a 3 star rating.  My wife would have gave it at least a 4.. . Here is where the 1 star comes in.  My wife had a horrible case of food poisoning about 8 hours after we ate.  It was bad enough that we called hotel security about it, as we were concerned she would have to go to the hospital.  The only thing that we didn't share the entire day was the fish, so it is pretty easy to tell it was the culprit.  We actually filed a report with the MGM Grand, and we were told someone from the restaurant would be contacting us to check on her.  She did not have anything to drink that night other than a glass of wine with dinner, so alcohol was not a factor at all.. . Luckily she was alright the next day and it didn't ruin our trip.  No one from the restaurant ever contacted us to see if she was alright, but I'm pretty sure they were informed because I noticed on the online menu that the Sea Bass isn't there anymore!  There is a blank space where it should be (I just looked at the menu to verify the exact names of what we ordered).  It was between the salmon and surf & turf.  I was disappointed that I spent close to $200 on a dinner that made my wife violently ill, and that is why they get 1 star.  That should not happen at a fine restaurant like this, and they should have reached out to us afterwards since we were guests at the hotel.
Craftsteak was very disappointing. We did one of the sampler menu items. The ribeye was tough and way over salted. The breaded shrimp,first course, was dry and tasteless and the cocktail sauce was unremarkable.   The potatoes au gratin were so so and a little undercooked. The balsamic carrots were extremely tough- inedible. The  lamb chops, beet salad, and asparagus were phenomenal.  For less than the $110 per person, we could have gone to a Houston's or Ruth's Chris and gotten a much better meal. The server was in our face agressive. . . I am not the kind of person to send the food back. I just will never go back to the restaurant.. . I would have given this place 2 stars, but I feel ripped off.
I was absolutely appalled at this meal. I would have been mortified to serve it and the behavior of the staff made it all the worse. My steak was inedible and as I have pointed out, I do not return food to the kitchen. Either they get it right the first time or I don't want them near my food for another go round. When I left my steak uneaten the server asked if I enjoyed it. Really? What did he think?. I pointed out that it was inedible and he told me if I only let him know, he would have brought me another. But at this point, it was too late.. . He explained this often happens and they just serve it to the pigs. Gosh, thanks. The pigs? So it's either me or the pigs. Nice visual. . . Rather then an apology or can we bring you a glass of wine, a few other employees made their way over and short of actually making it right, let us leave feeling like we we had done something wrong. Maybe it because we weren't dining with movie stars. I'm not sure what it was but something just didn't click.. . With so many fabulous restaurants in Las Vegas, this one should be avoided. Bad food and rude wait staff and a $300.00 bill. What more could I ask for?
It took me a while to write this review because I really didn't know what to say.  This was one of the worst dining experiences I have had in some time.  . . First, the good:. -the bread (free) is pretty cute, it comes out on it's own little pan/tray, stuck together like King's hawaiian rolls.. . The okay:. -Green beans were average, some sliced almonds were added for crunch.. -Spinach was average, cooked in garlic oil.. -Warm frise salad, the bacon was good, the huge globs of uncooked egg were a bit strange though.  I enjoyed it overall because it was different from the usual type of salad.. . The bad:. -Steak was well done, and we asked for medium rare.    . -Service, there was consistently a group of waiters standing about 10 feet from us, but no one ever came by to check on us.  About 25 minutes after our steak came to our table, a woman, not our main server, came by and asked how our food was.  We explained that it was overcooked and she said, "oh."  She didn't offer to take it back and replace it, she didn't offer a discount or a freebie, she didn't offer a sorry.  . . I just don't think that a steak restaurant can offer bad steak.  Maybe because it's Vegas they just depend on one-time customers and not repeat business; I can say with confidence that I won't be back anytime soon.
craft steakhouse does not make the cut. . Upon entering we were looking forward to a great dining experience. Like all fine dining restaurants, it begins with service and Craftsteak fails miserably. After being seated and looking over the wine list, we decided against ordering wine. The head waiter returned and found out that we would not be ordering wine and the average service went okay to terrible. He took the orders and NEVER returned until the check was dropped off. We were treated disrespectfully because we were not willing to purchase a $100 bottle of wine to increase his tip. The food was quite average as well. The meats were prepared nicely, however, the sides and salads were very below average. The fingerling potatoes and green beans were something that I can do better at home. We have dined at many celebrity chef restaurants in Las Vegas and this one certainly doesn't make the cut!!!
My family and I decided to take a walk down the strip, leaving beautiful Paris for the lousy mall attached to MGM Grand. We were delighted to read such positive yelp reviews of Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak. What a mistake! These clowns are rude and crude. If you don't plan on ordering overpriced wine prepare to be treated bad. The food was meh.
I took my daughter and sister here for dinner looking for fine dining and to celebrate my daughters 21st birthday. First thing that caught my eye was that we seemed to be the only ones dressed really nice everyone else was wearing shorts, tank tops and baseball hats. We all order Steak and a side dish, after the long wait we finally received our side dishes we scarfed those down because of the long wait we all hadn't  eaten anything all day, now wondering whereis our steaks?finally they came, they were cold and so raw ( we ordered them to be Medium) that blood was seeping out of them. I asked the waiter to take them back and he did and took them off our bill but instead of cooking us another meal the manager decide to give us one of every desert they have, our table was filled with deserts so after having a meal consisting of only sugar and starch we left feeling sick with a headache. I will never return.
Under normal circumstances, I am against reviewing if you didn't dine. However, making me wait 30 minutes (with a reservation mind you) is not acceptable in my book. Telling me you're checking on my table only to never come back and disappear? Strike 2. . Unprofessional and totally unexpected for a restaurant of four dollar signs. . . No worries, I know how to play the disappearing act as well. . . Maybe you'll get your $$$$hit together and make it up to me one day.
Should have gone to Outback.  I have no problem paying $400 for a dinner for two.  What I do have a problem with is spending $400 for a dinner for two when the food is okay at best and service is aweful.  . . The food was bland and reminded me of the food from Ruth Chris.  Not what I would expect!. . We got rude comments from both bartenders and a dirty look from our waiter.  Apparently if you don't look like you have money (i.e. under the age of 30), you will be treated like crap.. . I suggested this place to my mother a year ago when she was unable to get reservations at her perfered restaurant.  When I begged for details all I could get out of her was, "it was good."  I should have taken this as a hint.  . . Will never revisit!
This was one of the worst steak restaurants I've ever eaten at.  I will explain my steak the ribeye was so fatty and chewy that is enough said.  It really is bad when the best part of my meal was the rolls and mushrooms.  My potatoes were like rocks so unbelievably hard to chew.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I did have good service I sat at the bar.
Just came from having dinner here, and I've got to say, for $110 meal that included only 1 beer and no dessert, I was not impressed.. . After reading some of the other reviews, I chose the surf and turf with scallops as the turf option.  IMHO, the scallops were overdone and rubbery.  The steak was a nice texture and done correctly, but didn't even have the fundamentals of seasoning even vaguely noticeable.  It was utterly tasteless.. . So, my apologies to all of you that have had good experiences here....it just didn't live up to the reviews or my expectations.
Definitely the most overrated restaurant i've ever been to.  Service was below par, steak was terrible(i got what was supposed to be the most popular) and the mussels smelled like tuna fish. Terrible all the way around.
I have always said I will never complain about good food costing too much but I will however tell the world about bad food at any price.. . Growing up on a ranch I know good steak. I am no food critic but I know what tastes good.. . The service was amazing but the meal went downhill quickly. This mixed drink was weak. Of the 3 appetizers only one was decent. The ham thing was terrible, pretty hard to screw up shrimp cocktail, and the house speciality salad was decent.. . The main course consisted of filet, ny strip, and a ribeye. All three were ordered medium rare which came out rare which is ok because it is better than over done. Upon tasting the first bite I was pissed. There was no seasoning, natural flavor, or marinade. The only good thing was the texture which had a nice velvety texture which melted in your mouth yet was tough to chew. I then noticed this horrible taste which I can only compare to an old grass fed cow which is fine for hamburger or an apple bees. This was no grain fed quality yearling.. . To finish the meal the desserts were disgusting.
Quality food, unprofessional and unacceptable service.  Too many choices in Vegas to get treated poorly in any paying establishment.
This place was very disappointing; the food was extremely salty - yuck!
Everything is very salty! Too expensive and quality just OK! If you want to have  steaks go to Monami Gabi or another place.
Ridiculous...try getting seated on a lazy weekday night and when the restaurant is empty.  I bet they do some client "profiling."  My guest and I were probably not young, hip or sexy enough to be seen there.  Oh well, Nobu, L'atelier and Fiamma accommodated us just fine.  Nobu...now there's a great restaurant...But if you are into that "mean-girl" attitude and want to be treated like an outcast with all your money, Craftsteak might suit you just right.  Can't comment on the food because we never got in.  If the food is anything like the service they offered at the front, it must bittersweet (bitter because we never got in, sweet because we saved all that money we would have spent).
A big DISAPPOINTMENT. I love Tom Colicchio. I watch him religiously on Top Chef. I was really excited to dine here but... was upset when I left. I ordered the filet mignon, asparagus, wagyu tartare and oysters. The filet mignon was about $50 by itself. If the food is GREAT I never complain about the price. But it was just mediocre, therefore I feel ripped off. The asparagus.. nothing special, I believe was about $12 and the tartare was OK as well. The only thing that was good was the potato puree which my friend ordered, so I only got a few bites of it. Overall, WAY too expensive and not so mind blowing food. Don't care to come here again.
We just left this horrible establishment. . . I called to see if they had open tables tonight (9/18/13). . I was told, no problem, come on over. . . It is my father in-laws birthday, we wanted a nice dinner. . . When we arrive, the lady looks us up and down and says we have to wait and can eat at the bar. (I am not paying for a steak to eat at a bar). . We waiting over 20 minutes. The hostess seated other tables and then lied to us and said the computer system was down. After another 10 minutes, we left. . . I'm not sure why she felt we were not worthy of a table.. . What I do know is that I was completely disrespected and embarrassed at this restaurant. I will NEVER go back and will relay my experience to many others.
So they have an annoying French woman haunting you to purchase pictures.  I thought we were at Disneyland for a second.  . . Drinks were amazing at the bar and the service was excellent.  The kitchen failed us miserably.  I ordered the Wagyu steak and the cooked it to death, despite ordering it medium rare.  My wife ate her whole meal and I still did not receive my dinner. . . I really didn't want it at that point and I never received it.  The manager comped our whole meal, which was unexpected, however that does not repay us for the 4 months we waited to eat here.  Tom needs to get off the TV and get back to this restaurant.  I really respected TC, but after this experience I may take a break from Top Chef episodes.. . I really am losing faith in 'celebrity' chefs.  I would not gamble on this restaurant with your palate and wallet.. . FAIL!
Don't waste your money!  This restaurant is very overrated .  Coming from the dc area  this restaurant  just can't meet those standards of The Palm or Ruth Chris.  So expensive and service was lacking.  Go somewhere else!
