Disappointed would be an understatement.. . I stayed at the NYNY shortly after it first opened and in between that time and now, I've been staying mainly at The Venetian.  However, because I have a younger friend in from London, I decided to book someplace that might be a bit more fun and decided on the NYNY.  I booked a room that was comparable by price and so my expectations were comparable what I expect at The Venetian.  Not so. Not even a little bit.  The 1st room was as old as the day the hotel opened (the bedding, wallpaper and the antiquated TV) and the only word to describe it would be, dank.  I requested a move and it wasn't until the 3rd request that we were upgraded a somewhat more modernized room.  I use the word somewhat very sparingly here, as the the room was in disrepair.  The curtain rod fell right down when I went to open up the curtain.  The shower pull thing to activate the shower, came right out, the lid didn't fit properly on the toilet, the TV was yet another dinosaur (completely with crackly reception) and the internet SUCKED.  . . I cut my trip short and left a day early.  I WILL NEVER STAY AT THIS SORRY EXCUSE FOR A HOTEL AGAIN. The price for the room is worth about $59.99.. . On the way out, the only thing the hotel clerk had to say was, "you know you can't get a refund."  Refund?  Who asked for it? I made the mistake of booking the hotel and blame no one but myself for not being a little more thorough.. . Warning to Parents: The NYNY doesn't know who they want to be, with the fact that they have a roller coaster and gogo girls right on the casino floor, makes this an inappropriate place for children.   . . Advice: Stay at the Wynn, Trump, Venetian or Bellagio.
+2: The casino area: I loved Ten Fine Irishmen! Fun pub with live Irish music! The Piano bar was fun, too. I also liked their eateries better than the nicer hotels. It's weird that Paris and Venetian have McD's and other disgusting chain food eateries. NY NY actually tries to stick to a theme.... . -1: The casino area: I know. I loved most of it, but the arcade and roller coaster have to go. Noisy (some of their rooms have double-paned windows, but not all) and attracts a "family" atmosphere. Bleh. It's Vegas - leave the kids at home or go to Circus Circus. Plus it takes away from the theme. . . On a side note, we looked up a review and they were listed as a kid-friendly Vegas hotel. Definitely my bad then. I guess the pubs and go-go girls threw me off. Oops. . . +2: The spa tub: Super romantic and relaxing!. . -1: Cleanliness: The rooms weren't filthy by any means. Everything you used, or could see, was clean. However, once we pulled the pillows off of the dresser, dust flew everywhere. Pretty ick. The wall paper was also peeling and dingy. . . +2: The gym: Their gym was conveniently located and nicer than I'd expect to find in a Vegas hotel. They even had complimentary purified water and towels. Sadly, I was too hungover or drunk to use it after the first day.. . -1: The neighbors: By far the worst part of my stay. I guess it's not the hotel's fault and they really did try to help. But knowing the clientele this place attracts made the decision to never stay here again an easy one. . . The first night we had a room (with a connecting door) next to a family with a brat (yes, I know. I should have considered their poorly chosen arcade and coaster idea). The brat cried and the parents constantly yelled at it. We moved to another room. Not as nice but quiet... until the next morning. A group of German guys moved in. They brought their own sound system and cranked the European techno full blast, bass pumping. They even used our adjoining wall as a drum for emphasis. Maybe they wanted to let us know which tunes they liked best? The entire floor was serenaded with lovely Euro tech which saved us the trouble of complaining - someone else quickly beat us to it. . . -2: The view. Each room we had a view of the back of other hotels or buildings. At least the second room had a view of the mountains, but the windows were really tiny. . . Total: One star wonder. I would never stay here again. Ever. But they weren't 100% heinous.
I've had 2 occasions to stay there, both in the context of business trips. Even on someone else's dime:  it wasn't enjoyable.. . The only good thing I can say is:  the showers get hot quickly. Otherwise, the design is poor, the rooms are small , the acoustics are poor, some of the rooms are dark. Depending upon what tower you are in (I was in the 'Chrysler" building-  VERY small windows) you either have a view or you look @ a parking lot.. . When the rollercoaster runs  you can hear it-  the screams, the cars on the track- and it can interfere with sleep. The fire alarm was set off when I was there and for 10 minutes a BLARING message was PA'ed into the rooms warning us of a possible emergency. I understand it's  a safety precaution but that thing is ULTRA loud, I suppose to wake up any drunk passed out people.. . I like higher end digs- even the MGM is better than this.
This review is for the candy shop on top level.  Worst attitude and service ever.  To think I had the audacity of interrupting a workers IPOD listening enjoyment during work hours.  My 8 year old daughter wanted to purchase candy and I had the nerve to interrupt the Asian girls iPod time to ask  where the candy bags were..  The  Asian girl  pulled her ear phones out of her ears and waved us to the bags and then proceeded to make facial gestures rolling eyes etc.  When My husband pointed out her obvious irritation with us  and her ridiculous behavior.  I put the bag down and she screamed.  Yes, literally screamed at me that she didn't want our business anyway.  Wow, I was Shocked.  I contemplated going back in but, I reasoned that just maybe it wouldn't of done us any good to complain to New new York. Maybe shops are independent?? That and it was our first hours in lAs Vegas and my little one was already upset she didn't get the candy so we rushed her away to M&M world which was very pleasant experience.  The rude Asian girls boss or coworker was standing right there watching as everything took place.  Still in shock with her behavior what happened to customer service?  We will never go back .
I have to admit that I like New York-New York's kitschy Disney-fication of the Big Apple.  New York-New York went to great lengths and painstaking detail to try to capture landmark like Times Square and the Statue of Liberty.  Hey, it has to be accurate if the Postal Service mistakes faux Lady Liberty for the real deal!  Still, looks aren't everything.. . Unfortunately, this is Las Vegas and New York-New York is a casino.  Sadly NY-NY falls a bit short in being able to impart the Vegas experience and a solid gaming, dining, and boozing experience.  The most egregious sin in my book that a casino can commit is to offer games that are blatant rip-offs!  It's a Saturday around noon and one of your few open blackjack tables, one using an 8-deck shoe, is only paying 6:5 on a blackjack...a fact noted only by the very small and easy to miss print on the placard that displays the table minimum   That, my friends, is a casino that's ripping off its customers.  MGM Resorts, I thought you were better than that! . . If I can make it there, I'll make it anywhere...It's up to you, New York, New York.  Or at least that's what the song says.  New York-New York, the casino?  Not so much!  In a nutshell, there's no way in hell that you'll find me sitting at a table or machine in New York-New York.  If I'm going to lose money, I'd rather it be in a straight up game than one were the odds are even more stacked against me in the house's favor!
So to begin with, overall, I do like this hotel. The accommodations are okay, the casino is alright, and the eateries are pleasant. . . Here's the big HOWEVER: . . IF YOU EVER LEAVE YOUR BAGGAGE IN THE HANDS OF THEIR EMPLOYEES OR IN THE BELL HOP AREA, LOCK YOUR BAGS!! . . My boyfriend and I vacationed there May 1-3, and when we checked out, our baggage went to bell hop because our flight wasn't leaving for another 12 hours. . . When we got back home in Honolulu, we found some personal items (brand spanking new!!) MISSING!! . . I called the hotel and TWO weeks later, they are still giving me the run around about how to go about filing this complaint. Initially, they allowed me to file a complaint and i got a report number. Then they said call the RISK MANAGEMENT office (which I don't think exists!!) to follow up. I have called the office EVERY SINGLE day and EVERY SINGLE time it goes to voice mail, saying they are busy or away from the desk. They must be playing all day cause cant get them to answer ONCE. When I brought this up to a manager (about how i cannot get a hold of the RISK MANAGEMENT), they said "oh, they must be backed up." WAIT. That's the last thing I want to hear: That they have SO MANY report complaints that they re backed up. WTH. . . So, I call front desk, and i end up talking to several different managers saying they'll get back to me. THEY NEVER DID. I asked to be connected to an actual speaking person from the Risk Management office, and the managers say they cant connect me (How sketchy is this?!) Then just recently, the manager said they don't even have my report number. THAT WAS IT: I'VE HAD IT UP TO **HERE**. . . Its very frustrating because as paying guests, we should get the treatment and respect, and so far, the only thing I've walked away with is that THE ENTIRE CORPORATION DOESN'T CARE. They haven't called me back since, they haven't offered to take care of some of the expenses. . . I wanted to share this HORRIBLE experience over yelp because I don't think anyone else should have to experience this. . . By the way, if you ask to speak to a manager, don't even bother (I'd put their name on here, but I don't do threats). Yeah that's right, I just called you out.
Perhaps giving this place one star is not fair.  That being said - when you think of anything that is representative of NY, you think of big, bold, beautiful...okay maybe not.  Or maybe you do, but certainly not while in Vegas.  . . I know the BF was incredibly disappointed (he had other words) that the odds at the blackjack table was all off (he had other words too).  Though I will say that in spite of that, they do have a same selections that you will find at most of the casinos in Vegas.  Table limits I thought were a little high though for the middle of the day, even if it was the start of the "weekend".. . But even going beyond the gambling.  It was kind of cheesy and not in a good way.  I vaguely remember walking through here last year - and I think the only reason we stopped here this year was for coffee.  Can't say we will do that again!. . Start spreading the news - don't go here
I will never stay here again.  We are Las Vegas locals. I recommended the hotel to a few friends in town for a couple of nights.  We only stayed there one night.  First we chose the upgrade to a spa suite.  The jacuzzi tub had 6 jets in it.  3 were stuck in a poor direction and could not be moved, 2 others on the other side of the tub did not work at all.  Secondly, we patronized 2 different restaurants and had bad service at both.  We won't be having any more "staycations" here nor will we recommend it to friends or family visiting from out of town.
Terrible, we've stayed at other MGM resorts and they were all better (regardless of price) than this one.
so to start i should tell you we stayed at the vdara for two nights (hotwire for $97) and then we moved over to NYNY for two nights (expedia $124 ) i tell you DO NOT STAY HERE!! it is like a going from a hotel by neiman marcus to a hotel by walmart. this is clearly one of those theme hotels they plan to tear down after 10 years or so. downstairs in the casino is fun and whatnot, but stay somewhere else! expedia gives it a 3.5 stars but it is not......
I had the worst experience ever at this hotel.  I was woken in the middle of the night by a man from security standing at the foot of my bed.  He said he was from hotel security, and was there to check on an alarm that was supposidly going off.  There was no alarm going off.  He then saw that my son had woken up in the other bed, and turned around and left.  Hotel management confirmed he was with security, but why was he standing in my room?  He didn't knock or anything.  At first the only thing they offered was to comp the resort fees.  I had to ask to get the night comped too.  What I told one of the managers was that I understood he might had gone to the wrong room, but when he opened the door and saw all of the lights were off, and no alarm was going off, why did he enter?  Per their policy, a phone call was supposed to be made to the room first, which wasn't.  I will never stay there again.  Hotel security has no respect for privacy.  And, I haven't heard a thing from the hotel regarding the matter.
One of the filthiest dirtiest casinos I have ever been inside. This hotel is so off my list I can not explain it ! The casino floor was so filthy dirty, empty drink glasses all over the place, full ashtrays everywhere, disgusting machines so dirty that you do not want to touch the buttons. When I asked the floor "key" person, he simply shrugged and said, "you can go anywhere you want, why do you come here if you do not like it?" Seriously- the bathrooms are so dated, you actually have to flush your own toilet, imagine that ! The bathrooms were also very filthy dirty, no one had been around them for a while, most were dilapidated of toilet paper or seat covers. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME at this hotel !
I've stayed here everytime I go to Vegas because I love the Spa Suites, but this time I booked it for my wedding and the lady checking me in tells me I had to pay $100 deposit for each night which amounted to $1000. Are they freaken out of their mind!?!? I've never been charged before and if this was their policy, how come they didn't mention that when I booked it? The lady never smiled and just kept telling me I had to pay it until I started getting loud enough for other people to hear me. She then said she would talk to her manager and came back and told me they will cut it in half?!?! Excuse me, money doesn't grow on trees. If I wasn't there for my wedding and all my friends & relatives were staying there to be close to me, I would not have stayed there.. . To top it all off, I asked for a smoking room and the B*&$# gave me a non smoking room.  And like clockwork, housekeeping ignores the "Do Not Disturb" sign everyday. They would knock lighly for a second and then let themselves into my room!!!! WTF  NEVER AGAIN NYNY
Stayed at Ziggurat Suite @ NYNY over Thanksgiving. Service: Although the line was long at the check-in, some of the clerks were just looking into the computer screens and not bothering to help ppl check in faster.   Unit: EVERYTHING in the unit  was very dated: from plumbing to the bed covers. Not even basic toiletries were provided. No tea or coffee pot.  Old bulky TV's taking up lots of space. .. Dual Piano bar was hideous with $25 per person entry.  Wait is extremely long by the elevators,  10 -15 min during check-out time.  Will never stay there again.
This place is hell. Avoid at all costs. . . So tempted to elbow my way through the obese, slow people who can't get out of the way and give them a real NY,NY experience.
This is the second time I've stayed at this hotel and the only reason I came back was because my friend was staying here. . . I'm very disappointed with my current stay not only because of the resort fees, but the room we had was horrible. After unpacking I decided to take a shower and when I started the water brown water came out of the faucet. There were other little things that I disliked, but I would end up writing an essay. . . I would only stay here again if I really had to. Let's say that it's bad enough that I would pay to stay somewhere else even if I could stay here for free.
I had a horrible experience with the hotel. The room was in a bad shape. The bathroom was rusty and the shower tub door was wiggly because a little part fell off. The light turned off when I plugged in the blow dryer. They sent a mechanical and it took 30 min to fix them at night. I had to wait till he left. There was no apology or anything. It was a bad service. I expected more than that. I totally don't recommend staying in the hotel.
What a pit.. . Dirty, threadbare and garish. There are so many nicer places to spend your time in Vegas. We couldn't get out of there fast enough. It's head-poundingly loud, the wait staff are rude and the whole place needs a good cleaning. Just.. don't.
Cool place to visit if you're in Vegas, at least once, but DON'T stay there!!! . I'll never stay in their hotel again. They gave us so much trouble when we stayed there last time. There was a heatwave going on, which I understood all of Vegas was experiencing over heating problems, inside all areas, we're not snobs & we ARE patient, BUT our rooms were a nightmare, the air conditioning didn't even turn on, at all, they kept making excuses about it & though they had other available rooms, they wouldn't move us the first night, they said they fixed our AC while we were out, but they didn't. My parents room was just fine, so their excuses that ALL the rooms were experiencing some minor problems wasn't true. We had to demand to change rooms. TWICE! The second room they moved us to had an AC but it wasn't working well. It was also very dingy & NOT what we paid for! So they moved us again. But were very put out that we even asked. They did not offer help with luggage, even though they changed us on completely different buildings, both times, I've got a disability & can't walk very much, my husband suffers from migraines, which he was experience while there because they made us sleep in a room that was about 98 degrees inside & super stuffy. But they still never apologized for ANY inconvenience & wouldn't even help us move our bags??? It was a nightmare!. . The rooms were somewhat clean, but... could have been so much cleaner. Hair was all over all of the bathrooms! Which grosses me out! & the room was just... old & not what you'd expect. We paid higher prices for nicer rooms, but they weren't so nice! AND they overcharged my parents & us, & refused to give us the reserved price & would not refund us the overcharges. We complained & showed them all our paperwork claiming THEIR promised discount (wasn't a lot, but it WAS an overcharge). So we paid a lot more money for a lot less quality! . . I've never been to New York, but I hear that people in general are busy & rude! & that is the staff here at New York New York. Busy, so if you DO have to stay here, plan on waiting a million minutes for anyone to help you out, then expect to be treated like dirt for choosing to stay with them. RUDE RUDE RUDE!!!!!!. . Oh they would also not help us out with little things like printing boarding passes (even though they advertise free online services/printing for hotel guests) OR with wifi problems in our rooms & other little things like this.. . Walking around the shops & deli's area is a neat experience, & I fell in love with a sweet lady working at one of the eateries there, wish I remembered where & who, I'd give NYNY 5 stars JUST for her! But the rest of the people.... they deserve the 1 star only rating from me! ESPECIALLY the hotel staff!. . Save your money & stay someone else, anywhere else!!!!!!
If I could give a negative review I would.  During our stay, I originally posted a review for this place and gave it four stars, but a combination of things that happened, especially on our last night, have compelled me to reduce that rating.. . First, I called in early June to check rates.  Was told $60 per night double occupancy, with 30$ additional per person charge per night for extra people.  I claimed that was too pricey for me traveling with my wife and three kids, so they said "oh, we can waive the additional per person fee".  Great, I made my reservation and got a confirmation email.. . During our subsequent road trip, I called two days in advance to reserve a roll away extra bed.  I was told there was "no record" of them agreeing to waive the fee, so I would have to pay an additional $90 per night for my three kids, and an additional $30 per night for one roll away bed.   I explained the offer to waive the fee, and that I had a confirming email, but the person on the phone basically called me a liar, said it was my problem, and offered to get her supervisor.  I proceeded to wait 27 minutes on hold before hanging up and calling back.  Never did talk to a supervisor.. . When I called back, second person was more pleasant, and helpful, confirmed fee was waived and took care of me.  So even though at this point I had spent about 2 hours on the phone with this place, I gave a good review because I thought they had done a good job taking care of me.  Not so fast.. . Our stay was ok, until the last night.  We had a wake up call at 5:30 AM so we could travel back home.  Unfortunately, maintenance decided to start replacing the vending and ice machines right outside our room at 3:00 AM.  After we were all awakened by the banging and pounding, I went out and asked them why they were working so loudly at 3 AM.  Guy responds "that is just when we do it, too bad if you don't like it, we will be done soon".  As someone who has actively practiced martial arts for a number of years, and still does practice, I fought off the almost overwhelming urge to pound his face through the wall.  I take my sleep very seriously.  So I opted to just tell him he was an A$$.. . I call front desk but cant get anyone.  I call hotel operator, who says she will call supervisor and get them to stop.  That never happened.  Well, after listening to this another hour, I finally get through to someone at the front desk, who apologizes and offers to reduce our bill by $75.  I thank they them, and we get up and get on our way (at this point why try to go back to sleep for like 15 minutes).. . So, then we get home and a "final bill" is emailed to us showing a charge of $175 more than we were originally quoted, and no indication of any $75 credit.  I call, spend another half an our on hold, finally get a person, who tells me "That is just a mistake, dont worry about it".   She sent me a receipt with an adjustment.. . So, did they take care of us?  Yes.  But all the hassles and being woken up at 3 AM were just too much.  I will NEVER STAY HERE again.  Be forewarned, and stay at your own risk.
Really bad service, they just did the bed, and didn't change the blankets, didn't sweep, didn't give us Anymore glasses or soap or shampoo or anything, for ALL three nights we were here Thursday friday and Saturday of last week. we always come every 6 months to this hotel, but we really are planning to stay at a different hotel next time since this time the service was just horrible.
This review is for the casino only.. . I am not a big time gambler.   I love to play, but I only play $5 or $10 tables as I hate losing money.   I can play for a long time even if I am losing and not go broke.   That is why I was excited to hear NY NY was adding $5 tables blackjack.  It worked, it got me to gamble there for the first time.. . You usually have to wait for a seat to open up, but it usually only takes a few minutes.  No issues with that.. . I have only one issue.   It is the dealers.  They completely lack personality.  I have tried on multiple occasions and it does not matter who you get.   They rarely speak at all.  They just deal like robots.. . I have given up trying.  I will be going elsewhere for my gaming needs.
If I could put zero stars I would, this place sucked so bad... You can't find a waitress to serve you at all during slot play and when you do they ignore you and walk away... Then when you ask one of the staff to find someone they tell you oh that's a different area we can see if we see someone and send them your way but we cant call them... WTF never staying here again!!!!
I have very strong feelings about this hotel.  Probably the worst hotel I've ever stayed in with the exception of some gross shack of a hotel I stayed in during a visit to Key West. . . I have nothing good to say about this hotel with the exception that the beds were comfortable. We stayed here for a convention and we had our room and flight expensed. This was not our choice but I was still looking forward to it as I have never stayed at the NYNY. Check in was extremely frustrating. We were given 4 different sets of directions by 4 different workers to our elevators. The elevators are not clearly marked or distinguished from the other towers (there are several sets of elevators). Seriously awful planning on the hotels part. I think it took us 1/2 an hour to find the right set of elevators. . . The room was on the 33rd floor and when we arrived I noticed that there is a pink film on the window. It gives a weird red hue during the daytime and makes the room look even smaller and darker than it is at night. There is no source of natural lighting in the room what so ever. It's like a tiny outdated bat cave.  As a  woman, it is the most poorly lit room I have ever stayed in. I would actually have to get ready and then go downstairs to the casino bathrooms to check my makeup because I literally never knew what I actually looked like when I left my room. I was ready to leave the hotel by the first night but didn't want to insult the company I was traveling with.   Also, to say that the rooms and hotel is dated, is an understatement.. . Let me also say, that ALL 3 MORNINGS of my stay, prior to 9am housekeeping would just walk right into our room totally unannounced. Of all of the hotels and times I have been to Vegas a maid has never even knocked at our door prior to 10am or just walked right in.
Once again....we popped in for lunch on a Saturday.   We entered...a uniformed woman was standing across from us....she looked at us.   We went to sit at a empty table and a uniformed man "yelled" at us...you have to wait.    We left.   . Needless to say, this is very bad service...no service ....silly service.    Of course the main attraction is good food but they  insist on an unlimited Mimosa, Bloody Mary policy, which means, most of the people having lunch are drunk or near drunk. . . This is a very sad place.
My dad was here 7 years ago and was approached by a prostitute. Tonight I learned the hard way that this place is a dive. A Swedish prostitute approached us at the bar at Times Square my mom and I were enjoying the music and drinks. The lady began distracting me by telling me about a club I should try out while her friend walked up and STOLE my clutch!! They had pulled this exact same scam many of times at NYNY and security can't do much about it. Girls, I am not a drunk stupid person please believe me when I say watch yourself here!!!!!!!!!! Gypsies are on the prowl at NYNY.....
We just came back from a trip to Vegas and I've got to say that this was probably my worst experience yet. It seems like the staff is not happy because they act like they don't care for your business. From check in, to just the general staff. . .      Later my wife and I decided to go gamble downstairs and after spending about an hour at the table, not one single person approach us for a drink. I even started waving down waitresses who kept telling me that they did not service area I was in.This was two days in a row and we were drier than the desert itself. Worst part is I got up and lost my table to go get a drink and when I asked him for a common beer like Shocktop, the bartender told me they didn't serve it and I had to get it from another bar across the casino. He told me I'd find it under a certain sign but when I got to that sign everything was closed. From there we decided to no longer gamble in the hotel. There is definitely some other hotel that would appreciate our money. Later that night my daughter got a little sick and her throat was hurting, I called downstairs to see if they could send up some sugar so we can sweeten some hot tea that we made for her and and we explained it was for my daugter. They wanted to charge me $7 dollars to bring it up to me. I asked if I could come Down and get it and they tell me know that I would have to find some at either one of the coffee shops or a restaurant. Seriously? What kind of crap is that? The rooms were nice and spacious but even the beds were uncomfortable. I felt like that episode of I Love Lucy where Ricky and Lucy have to type themselves to the edge of the bed because the bed has a big dip in it. And the Internet is horrendous. I swear DialUp with AOL is faster than the Internet at this hotel and you're forced to pay $18 as a "resort fee". What a serious rip off, every time I tried downloading a file from work it would lag and I would have to start over. Just browsing the web was a joke.The only time I actually complained to anyone was about the gambling with no one approaching us for drinks. I actually had to tweet someone to get a response, but the only response I got was "I apologize and I'll forward this message to the manager". Whether they did it or not I have no clue. I would seriously suggest staying in a different hotel, some where that not only appreciates you as a guest, but treats you like one. Overall my experience with this hotel was horrible. I've been coming to Vegas for years, and this has got to be probably my worst stay ever.
Spent Easter Weekend at New York New York Hotel and was very disappointed.  My teenagers wanted to spend some time at the pool when we arrived, but it was small, there was hardly any room for chairs, the roller coaster is overhead so you hear screaming every few minutes and it inexplicably closed at 5pm even though it was still hot outside & SUPER CROWDED.  Overall what should be relaxing, was not relaxing at all!  Our room was very small, the decor was very dark & depressing and the bathroom looked like it belonged in a jail.  I paid extra for a premium view room, but there was no view and we were near the roller coaster so we had to hear that late into the night.  Not relaxing at all.  The layout of the casino was confusing - knowing what was on what floor was difficult.  On the positive:  beds were comfy, shower was hot & had good pressure, faster food options (NY Deli in particular) were good & well priced.  However, these few positives were not enough to get over the fact that this hotel is priced similar to other 4-Star Hotels, but the NY NY is FAR below the others.  The overall feeling I was left with was this is a cheap hotel with a splashy facade...overall was very unrelaxing.
I did not stay here... but I did go for Zumanity [great show, btw] and to ride the NY Roller coaster. The roller coaster is $12, and the wait was about 30 minutes. not sure why it was taking so long, but that's besides the point. After waiting in line for 30 minutes, I nicely asked one of the employees [the guy taking pictures of the people on the roller coaster] if he can get me some water from the water dispenser they had. Mind you.... I could've easily grabbed some myself, but it had a big note that said EMPLOYEES ONLY! So, out of respect, I asked! He not only said NO! but was flat out rude about it! I had been coughing in line for almost an hour, and needed to drink something. He was a f@#$ing jerk... walked over to the dispenser, and served HIMSELF some water, and drank it in front of me.. . Funny thing is... this isnt a big deal. but, I am HUGE on Customer Service.... and simply because of this... not only will I not EVER stay in this hotel, I will not even walk in there! If they can't spare on glass of water, then I dont need to give them my business... . NY NY, sorry... but, you give my birthplace a bad name. Shame on you & little Asian kid... I hope your water was great! You have a lot of growing up to do, Schmuck!
The fun atmosphere and nice staff, plus a great room with an awesome view, can't make up for food poisoning from the America restaurant.  I didn't want to spend my vacation in the bathroom.  We will try a different hotel next time we go to Las Vegas.
I stayed at New York for the first time in mid-July, and I won't stay there again.  For some background, I've been to Las Vegas a half dozen times before, and I am not a demanding person.  I made reservations for a two-bedroom, nonsmoking room a month in advance and called the hotel to confirm, they assured me my reservation said two-bedroom and nonsmoking.  When I arrived, I was upgraded to a one-bedroom room, I tried to decline but then they admitted they didn't have any available two-bedroom rooms that were nonsmoking.  When I got to my room, it reeked of smoke.  They sent up a rollaway bed and offered to send up some air fresheners as well, but didn't do anything else to make up for it, repeatedly reminding me that I had been upgraded, as though I should say thank you.  An apology would have gone a long way, their customer service is the worst I've encountered in Vegas.  The upgraded room had one king bed and a giant tub in the middle of the room, which seemed awkward.  The room and hallway looked a bit old, and the sink and shower in the bathroom had trouble draining.  The standing water covered my feet from a 10 minute shower and I managed to get standing water in the sink from washing my hands.  The bathroom also didn't have a fan.  The casino, like the room, is smokey and disappointing.  I had dinner at an Italian place in the hotel which was very tasty, but I wouldn't stay here again.  For 2/3 of the price, I can stay in slightly-less mediocre hotels elsewhere on the strip.
The check-in was horrible. We waited 45 min only to see that the room was nothing like we booked. We asked for a non-smoking room with a king size bed, got a smoking room with two queen size beds! They said they will change it at 3 pm today which does not help because we are here for two nights only. So thanks for ruining the first one.
Very dirty seriously needs updated. Stains on chairs in room, horrible shower will not stay here again. To top it off a homeless bum urinated in middle of casino and guest services did nothing to remove him or even care. He was allowed to wander around casino. Dont stay there.
I will never stay there again. . . I went to Vegas for one of my birthdays. It was my first trip to Vegas, I drove from LA and was rather tired. I booked a room beforehand, and wanted a nice one, so I have paid online for the upgrade to a Strip View room. . . What a disappointment it was for me when I have seen that the "Strip view" was a view of that part of Strip where nothing was built (it was a few years back). The room itself was OK, just a hotel room. . . When I went down to talk to a receptionist that I really wanted a Strip view (with some view, not empty roads, and not a partial Strip view), and it was my birthday, the receptionist looked at me like I had a disease or something and said nothing. Really, he did not say anything, not I apologize, not an even attempt to make me feel better. So, I was stuck in this room with an ugly view of a desert having paid for it a higher price. . . Could I talk to a manager? Yes, perhaps, but this is the last thing you wanna do when you are in town for two days and want to have fun celebrating your birthday. It already sucked to be there all by myself. And New York New York did not help. . . I guess it might be selective treatment: regular mortal people who don't rent penthouses don't count. . . I was very unhappy about the hotel staff behavior.
Valet was a prick. Check in was bear. They were smiling as they were being smug and unhelpful. This hotel was big mistake.
Very disappointed. We stayed here once about 7 years ago and were treated wonderfully. This time the staff were rude and even the manager didn't care about customer service or being a normal human being. My fiancee wanted to stay another night and the girl at the front desk said it would b an extra $150. Okay if this was a Friday or Saturday night I could see that but this was for Sunday. We paid $67 total with resort fees for Saturday night and now it's double to stay?!  The manager cameup and said there was nothing she could do. She said they were completely booked up and that was all she could do. I find it hard to believe every room in this hotel was occupied!?  My boyfriend went over to Excalibur and not only did they have a room they let us check in at 9am an it was in a spa suite for yep u guessed it the same price we paid for at nyny!  I do not recommend here. They obviously don't care about having people stay at their hotel!
Hotel is older and very dirty. Casino is small, cramped and dark. Also we went upstairs to visit the world famous Coyote Ugly bar. This was a terrible experience. While waiting in the line they inspect your purse, this includes opening up your Advil bottle and snooping trough it which is disgusting. If I was going to sneak in pills I would have just put them in my pockets. The bar is small, cramped, only the front bar was open with only two bartenders. The "girls" we're not singing or doing anything other then talking about people into the microphone and they were less then appealing to the eye. The entire place I think may have been a waste of time.
