Way too crowded. Extremely expensive. Nothing special here, just like any other club on the Vegas strip
This place did not live up to the hype.  My group of 8 girls and 4 guys went to Tryst on Thursday, XS on Friday, and expected Marquee to be the best club in Vegas on the final night I was in town.  I must say that I was more than disappointed with this place.  We got walked in and didn't have to pay cover because our ladies were fine, but that didn't make up for how whack the club was.  There are way too many tables at this place and not enough space for dancing.  The people that work there are extremely rude compared to other clubs in Vegas, and are less than willing to be accommodating to your needs.  The bathroom attendants don't do their jobs, and the bartenders make weak drinks.  The three floors of music sounded like a tight idea, but fails in their accessibility.  In order to go from one floor to another, you must walk through cutty, overcrowded, and narrow stairwells.  The layout of the club is extremely dumb, beware if you are claustrophobic, you justmight freak out and die.  Our group felt caved in with the low ceilings and small dance floors.  If you want an excellent, spacious, and breathable environment go to another club such as XS or Tryst.  Although this club claims to be the biggest in vegas, it doesn't feel that way because of the horribly planned layout.  DO NOT GO HERE, WHAAAAACK!
POORLY ORGANIZED and POORLY CONSTRUCTED NIGHTCLUB!. WHY on earth would they make so many staircases inside a nightclub! imagine walking all night climbing stairs in 5 inch heels! There was absolutely no room for walking or standing, let alone dancing!  Rooms are SMALL. MUSIC SUCKED (house music).  I will NEVER go back to this place. I'm going to stick to our beloved XS bc they have never disappointed me.  DO NOT GO HERE UNLESS YOU WANT TO WAIT 2 HOURS IN LINE TO STAND AND BE PUSHED AROUND INSIDE A SMALL ASS DANCE FLOOR! NOT WORTH IT!!!
If you have been to other vegas clubs like Tryst, XS etc. and come to Marquee (like me) because you wanted to experience the newest vegas club I think you will leave disappointed. Even though we had a fun time everyone in our party independently came to the conclusion that we wouldn't come back here. . . I really don't understand the reviews that are raving about how beautiful the place is. Visually it has nothing on XS and even compared to Tryst or Surrender it hardly impresses (I realize I just named all Wynn/Encore properties, no I'm not affiliated with them, they just happen to have elegant clubs :)). . The level of service we got at Marquee was way below what we would expect for the kind of money involved (2k minimum got us a terrible table, so we upped our minimum to get a decent table). My buddy described it as "they're phoning it in" because it is so popular. I think that kind of describes it. Our hostess was absent most of the time and so I wasnt feeling generous and my patience was wearing thin when at the end of the night we had money left over and she insisted it couldn't be closed out without purchasing something. I explained that i understood what a minimum was and that was ok with me I just wanted to close out and get my ID and card back and obviously they keep the difference, we had only agreed to that minimum anyway to get the bigger table. What would be the point of us waiting for her to come open another bottle and bring a bunch of mixers when we were about to leave and what a waste anyway. Just take the money, how hard is that? We literally had a 20 minute argument about this. she even had the audacity to suggest I use the money to buy her a bottle of champagne to take home. Are you serious? I wasnt allowed to use the excess to buy the bottle for the table next to me but I could buy it for the hostess that was invisible half the night? Could hardly believe what she was saying. The whole thing made no sense and was just aggravating for no reason.. . My friends and I have had excellent service in a variety of clubs in vegas, so what is Marquee's problem? Power to them that they are the 'it' club of the moment but they already lost our return business so good luck to them a year or two from now when the novelty fades. I don't expect them to have much staying power. . . To offset my bitterness about this experience I'm going to go write a positive review about Lavo and the service we got there the previous night. Sure its a small club and not as fancy but we got treated like gold for spending 25% of what we spent at Marquee.
Went to see Above & Beyond spin on 2/19/11. I love A&B so my girlfriends and I were excited to see them spin at a new venue. We had front of the line privileges with no cover charge...this club STILL sucked! The layout is awful with little or no room to dance. They packed the entire club to full capacity (or over) which made it absolutely impossible to maneuver anywhere. What a huge cluster-f**k! The lack of organization was unacceptable. Unless you like to be pushed, jostled, or rubbed up against by strangers rolling on E, I do not recommend this club to anyone!
I got roughed up and robbed by security/bouncers at the club this past Saturday when Above and Beyond came.  It all started with the bartender when I was closing out my tab and paying for the bill, I got into some argument with her about being overcharged for some drinks I wasn't supposed to be charged for.  The bartender then calls out her boyfriend who was some busboy worker and we start arguing back and forth.  Next thing I know there's a security guy with a flashlight pointing at the bill telling me to pay for it, so I'm like fine whatever I'll pay.  I end up paying (and even leave her tip) and the security starts escorting me out.  I thought he was going to take me straight out of the club but instead he brings me into some back hallway where only staff/security are allowed.  Next thing I realize is I'm getting my ass tackled down by security guards, lying face down on the floor flat, one guard is gripping my neck towards the floor, another guard is holding my legs down, and another guy with a sheriff-looking badge is handcuffing me.  When I look up I see at least 10 security guards surrounding me.  While still pinned down and handcuffed, couple of the guards go thru my pockets, find my wallet and take my cash.  I had over $200 cash in my wallet before we went to the club and the next morning I look in my wallet to find only $40.. . After robbing me, two guards take me back to my suite while still handcuffed.  Oh yea, me and my friends got a suite at Cosmo; so I ended up getting roughed up like this while being a hotel guest.  Can it get any more mest up??. . Watch out guys, if you get into trouble don't let the security escort you out alone, walk out with a friend at least.  Who knows what these assholes will do to girls if they take em into the back hallways.  I love EDM but I'm never going back to this $hithole.
3 hours in line and never made it in.
You get one free admission plus a free guest if you have a room at the Cosmopolitan.  BS. Our group gets split into 3, and most of our group gets in free admission and the other half ends up paying the Friday night $30 for guys and $20 for girls. It made no sense.  I just happened to get the b---h cashier.  I didn't want to hold the line anymore so screw it we paid.  2 doormen AND the hotel told us it'd be free before 11pm. Even he was rolling his eyes at the girl on the cash register.. . The wait isn't long if you grab some girls with you. Ask the doorman and he'll put you in VIP if you're staying at the hotel. You'll still need ladies though.. . We go in drop our money cuz I know the hotel will fix me up with my cover charge tomorrow. Place is definitely packed. Cool place, great music. The elevator going up is kind of stupid. Like sardines being sent upstairs every 2 minutes.  Leaving, now that just clinched this place is utter crap. Who the hell walks 4 flights of stairs to leave a high end club?. . Those stairs are a lawsuit waiting to happen. Plus the garbage can I get to walk by at the backdoor is awesome. Thanks for reminding you're garbage.. . Everyone knows the place is fun when you're drinking and partying it up. But I wanted my cover back so I went to the hotel on checkout day. The hotel ended up comping me what they could back and giving me 2 nights free stay if I ever came back due to the situation. . . Apparently, the club is run by a separate corporation and is renting at Cosmo. So if something happens badly at Marquee while you're staying at Cosmo, Cosmo can't even do anything about it. The club even made the front desk person stand around to deal with it for an hour. By then it was principle, I don't care about $100, if I did I wouldn't be in Vegas. Considering it was daytime, the Marquee day manager can't deal with it, he has to talk to the night manager. WTH?. . You're one company and your best answer is oh they worked last night so they aren't even awake yet. Wow that is pretty BS.  You make millions and I have to deal with this S--T like I'm a bum. I was pissed. . . I was unlucky that I hadn't charged my dinners at Cosmo to my room, or else Cosmo could have given all my money back without even speaking to Marquee.  It was a wasted exercise and it made the Cosmo people look stupid.. . The communication between the 5star hotel, Marquee, two management teams for day/night is f--kin ridiculous.. . Stay at Cosmo and drop your money somewhere else, XS was much better. We did table and bottle service there and left that place feeling like we did just leave a high end Vegas night club.
Love the Vegas standard guy girl ratio! had my 5 guy friends wait in line for 2+ hours! Vegas bouncers think they the sh*t, how much education & training you need to become a bouncer again?! Mmmm how bout NONE?! =)
I went this past weekend with a group of girls for a bachelorette party. I had contacted a promotor/host a month prior to get everything squared away. And everything was a go.  Once we got there, on time, I meet up the promotor and he talks to his manager or whoever...that guy tells us that they have closed the patio area due to high winds. And that was where we were booked to have our table. So now we have LOST our table.And they can't move us inside or do anything about it. And the best part I didn't even get a phone call or heads up in advance. SO unprofessional!!! I asked him if we could even pay more money to get a table and he said no. He saidthe best thing he can do is let us in as "early bird" table. Which is to sit at a table until the people that book that table comes and we get kicked out. At this point we were all dissapointed. So went ahead and just sat at the early bird table.  The entire time me and another girl was trying to contact people we knew to get another table and we were going up and down those retarded flight of stairs at least 4 times that night.Finally we gave up and it has been over an hour. I didnt really get to dance a lot and enjoy my night because of their unprofessionalism.  We left a little after and once I got back to my hotel, we all decided to go to The Bank at Bellagio. I realize that I don't have my ID and Marquee had kept it. Usually they keep your ID when you have a table and give you ID back when you close out the bill. SO why the hell would they keep my ID if I didn't have a table? Are they that retarded? So after a horrible time there, I had to go back and track down my ID. I had to talk to at least 5 people before they would let me in and talk to the hostess who had my ID to get it back. I finally struggle my way to get throught the crowded club and the girl doesnt even remember me and said she doesn't have it. Just f*cking great. I had to go back out and explain to other people that the hostess doesnt remember me and doesnt have my ID. At this point, one of the door guys personally take me inside to talk to the hostess. And it was so crowded that he couldnt even get to the table so he got someone else to do it. We stood there for a good 15 mins waiting, then he tells me wait here, "i gotta go do something i'll be back" I wait for another 20 mins, so i got a chance to stand there and fist pump for a bit. he comes back and tells me...theyre still working on it. Lets go back outside and wait. OMG. SERIOUSLY?! We get outside and he said wait around and we'll see where it is. Im thinking to myself, this is not getting anywhere. So my friend gives him her number and tells him to txt or call when he gets it. Im sure that he wont anytime tonight.  So I go back to my hotel bummed out and thinking I cant even drink my sorrow away cause I have no ID. yeah venue was pretty, music was cool. but bouncers were jerks and the whole damn place is just too hyped. I'll probably never go back here again. They ruined my night twice and ruined everyone elses night. If yelp had an option of scoring a FAT ZERO, I would. NEVER AGAIN MARQUEEE.
Incredibly rude employees. Will never be back.
Go to XS. You'll have more fun.. . The people here are completely prejudiced. My group and I (8 girls total) booked a table. When we arrived, they told us that they "ran out of tables" and that they will compensate with free admission and one drink. . . First of all, the guy who carded me said I couldn't bring in my dslr because it's "too big." Wtf is that?. . I went back down to the parking garage with my friend and dropped off my nikon. In the meantime, our friends couldn't get in without the complete party. When we arrived again, they told us that we wouldn't be getting the table.. . As we were standing in line, they gave us comped drinks cards and complaining. "fuck, I can't believe I have to waste these on them. I should just drop them." "Damn, dude." Wtffffff.. . So not only do they not give us a table but also, they complain about a stupid ass meager substitute.. . Much better off at XS. This place is good if you're White.
Nice decor is as much as I can say about this club.. . I came here when they first opened - disappointed is all I have to say.  Small dance floor, overly crowded, only one bathroom at the time and 2 hour wait??  Reasoning why?? I don't know and the only reason why I stayed was because "This is a new club, we're already here, might as well wait."  WASTE OF MY TIME!. . Trying to get through this club is like going through a labyrinth...
Over rated. By far. I mean, if you enjoy being squished like a sardine, stepped on, shoved every 5 seconds, and experiencing every possible trigger for a seizure all at once, this place I totally the spot for you. Sorta felt like high school prom all over again. Except for instead of all the jocks with the half naked girls, it was all old guys. Seriously, could have been a twisted father daughter dance. Lesson learned: don't follow the trends! So not worth it
Too many stairs and the security guards are assholes... XS club is much better!
This one star review is based entirely on my interaction with the horribly rude bouncer. See below.. . Bouncer: "I can't let you in, you're not wearing pool attire". Me: "Okay, if I change will you let me in?". Bouncer: "Yes". . I leave and purchase shorts at the shop next door.. . Bouncer: "I can't let you in, we're about to close". Me: "My friends are in there, I just need to get my room key from them". Bouncer: "I'll let you in but you have to pay $30". Me: "Absolutely not". . Bouncer walks away without further discussion. The end.. . Thanks but no thanks? Stellar service, bro. I almost took the $30 I saved on cover and invested in a pocket knife at the novelty shop down the road. I would have returned to Marquee later that day and landed a quick jab to his kidneys. But alas, I did not. Maybe next time.
eh. I've been here twice. TOTALLY OVERRATED. Like, SOOOOOOOO OVERRATED. If you are 21 and asian (hey, i'm not discriminating, I'm just calling it how it is, BOTH times I was there, that's what I saw) then you may like it. . I'm from L.A. and I don't go clubbing all the time, but I have been had my share of exclusive/hot/trendy clubs and this one def has the potential but there is WAYYY too much going on. The staff, the 4 flights of stairs, not any stairs, like metal stairs that crunch your feet and toes if you wear heels  (i'm not joking. and girls, wear COMFORTABLE SHOES) The $16 or $17 dollar cocktails (but they don't make them weak, they have a heavy pour) and not being able to sit anywhere, and being sandwhiched between people constantly becuase it is soo packed is not fun for me or my friends. Again, I've been here twice and it as exactly the same both times. Asian people, no seats unless you have a table, and tons of people that isn't for someone that is clausterphobic. . It's not fun. You just stand around and watch people. If you want to dance, you have about 3 centimeters of space. It's not worth it. Well, maybe for the view of the pool. That was the only perk to this club.
Today there was a VIP invite for Yelp Elites to attend the Bacardi Like It Live so we get to skip the line!  The bouncer tells me I cant get in because my Instruction Permit/ Nevada ID has expired. For those not in the know- it's not like I could have just mailed in a check and got one back. You have to retake the test. Don't pass the test- no ID! If I even asked for a plain Nevada ID for the meantime....that still takes 3-4 weeks to mail so it still wouldn't be in my hands. It's not instant like it used to be. It's not like I found a old NV ID from years ago and decided to dust it off for some local free drinks perks, it expired a few weeks ago. . . This is the first time this has happened to me since it's expired recently. Is it not the IDs purpose for the club purely verifying the age of the person? It's not whether I'm legal to drive currently.. It's a real ID (one of the newer NV ones that came out last year with the hologram) with my age on it- boom. In I go everywhere else (including their sister properties) so it definitely is just this particular bouncer deciding he wants to exercise his God hand as it's in their discretion only.. . I could have gone all the way home, grabbed my passport and went all the way back, but such a place isn't worth the drive.  Nor am I giving them satisfaction a ant like me came crawling back wanting in even after being stepped on. . .  I went downstairs to Book and Stage to see Nikka Costa live and walked around the casino floor/lounges/bars....and guess what? Card accepted!
I went to Marquee on June 11th because a few of my friends had a table there. We didn't have to wait long to get in and once we entered the club it was very overwhelming. There were so many places to go and there were tons of people, which made it hard to move. . I finally located my friends table and as I was making my way to their table I felt someone grab me up by my arm so aggressively that I nearly fell over. He pulled me a foot away from the table that I was trying to get to and looked at me and said "get out of here". I looked up and saw that it was one of the security guards that worked in the club. I was completely shocked considering he worked there and everyone I meet in Vegas is so sweet no matter the situation. . I eventually had to have my friend come and get me and bring me back to the table. The only good thing about that night was that Kaskade was spinning and thats nothing special considering you can find him at Encore Beach Club, where they don't get physical with you. The Encore and Wynn are the greatest hotels in Vegas and nothing like what happened at Marquee would ever happen at one of those hotels.. . P.S. The next day I looked at my arm and had a bruise from where he grabbed me.
Guest list or not guys listen up. If you don't have girls with you then your not getting in. I stood in line for 2.5 hours with 7 of my friends(all guys) they stamped my hand half way through checked id's and all then when we get to the front of the line they say where are your girls? We didn't have any they said oh you guys can't come in. What? Really? Guys come to Vegas To party and meet girls why would we have girls with us? On top of that it was my bachelor party. Totally ruined my night. One thing you can do is slip the bouncers outside a benji and they might think about hooking you up.
There are so many pool parties and clubs to choose from on the Strip.  I recommend going to an establishment that cares about their guests.  Besides, having been to both day and night club at Marquee, my friends and I found the club to be overly packed with an OK crowd at best.  Many people left around midnight including us since we couldn't move at all.  The dance floor was also small for the top 40's music, and downstairs seemed like a rave with rude people.  Ghostbar, Rain, and Moon were so much more fun at the Palms.  Pure at Caesar's is worth checking out for the great view.   But if you still want to check out the newest club on the block, just beware you are in for a night of waiting in multiple lines (even with guest list) and being pushed around and waiting around for pricey drinks with poor management.. *******************************************************************************. Below is my incident at Marquee Day Club:. . My letter to the Cosmopolitan Marquee...ignored by the management :(. . RE: Pool Platform Hazardous to Guest Safety. . Dear Cosmopolitan Marquee Management,. . I attended the Cosmopolitan Marquee day club at the pool on Friday, July 15.  Since there were music playing and fellow guests were dancing on the plastic box containers in the pool.  I decided to join in so I climbed on the clear raised platform by putting both of my knees up on the box; then I stood up on the box, which had a grid of raised squares with very sharp corners.  As I got on the platform, I felt a sudden pain on my left knee, then the crowd started to yell "You're bleeding!"  I looked down to see blood gushing down from my knee so I hurried to get out of the pool.  . . I informed the gentleman patrolling inside the pool of the sharp top of these box containers that are meant to be climbed upon.  He sent me to security by the door.  Then, a security personnel with black tattoos on both of arms came over, and I told him that the clear platform was very sharp and cut my knee.  He told me to follow him across the courtyard to get first aid.  I already wiped off the blood on my knee when I got out of the pool, but blood continued to run down my leg so I had to wipe it off again, and he made a mean remark, "I would prefer it if you didn't use our towels, but oh well, too late now!"  Not only was the security staff inconsiderate, he was downright rude and sarcastic.  . . At the first aid station, I told the Cosmopolitan/Marquee employees that they should remove those boxes in the pool for guest safety.  The same security staff sneered and said "Yea, I can't do anything.  People get stupid cuts like this all the time."  I was shocked that no one cared about the danger the clear boxes pose to the safety of their guests.  . . So before exiting Marquee, I tried to warn the staff about the dangerous hazard again.  I spoke with the service manager named Danny/Denny, and he just kept saying "We just got those boxes, and no one has ever cut themselves."  He didn't seem to get the fact that my incident can be the first of many.  I had expected a little more consideration from the manager, but he treated me like I was just a drunk drama queen who got a small scrape.  I have attached a picture of the cut taken after the cut was band-aid; you can see that my skin was lifted off the knee by the sharp grinds on top of the clear box in the pool.  The finger in the photograph serves as reference of the size of the scrape; my skin is still raw and my knee is sore from the incident.. . I am quite disappointed and shocked by the disregard and insolence of your staff.  There was no compassion or courtesy from the staff who handled this incident.  The management must be aware that the top of the boxes have a sharp top, which can easily hurt your guests.  The unsafe boxes placed inside the pool need to be removed or reconstructed to insure guest safety; it is a lawsuit waiting to happen as your staff just shrugs off the incident and disregards guests' concerns.  I hope your prestigious hotel and popular club, especially being the newest additions to the Strip, would offer your guest a safe environment on your premise and train your staff to treat guests with courtesy and respect.  Thank you for your consideration.
This place is terrible. The bouncers and staff are beyond rude, the cover is outrageous, the lack of crowd control is almost dangerous, and they make you walk down 5 flights of stairs to exit the club. 5 FLIGHTS OF STAIRS. IN HEELS.. . The DJ definitely needed some inspiration, he played the same song for almost 15 minutes. It probably went on longer but we were so turned off with the place we just left. . . If you want to go just to say you've been there then by all means, waste your time and money. Otherwise I say stay far far away.
Lines: They are ridicidulous on the weekends! Mondays are super short. Men aren't allowed to even stand in line if they don't have girls with them. Girls, unless you have a NV license, it's difficult to get in for free (unless you have a Queen's Card). I brought my student ID, which used to work, but now it doesn't. We even brought our gas bill, and it still doesn't work. . . Nightclub: For women in heels, this place is the worst club to go to. You first start off at the House music room. In order to go to the other rooms, you have to go up flights of stairs, which sucks in heels. Even to exit, you have to take stairs unless you leave after 1:30am. I must admit, the House room is fun ONLY when LMFAO is there. Other than that, I hate it. The bouncers suck because they block the dancefloor after a while. They keep pushing you around the dancefloor and don't tellyou where you can go, because there's NO where to go. The Hip Hop Room is packed, hot, and sweaty like Tao. It's gross and ridiculous. The music is good, but when you get elbowed and bumped by big asses and boobs, no music will make your time enjoyable. . . Overall, I will only go to Marquee on Industry nights. Besides that, it's not worth the time or money... unless you're super horny.
My girlfriend and her girls all went to the club this past weekend. Their first tip that this wasn't going to be a good experience was witnessing the racist staff at work. There was a group of classy well dressed african American women, 6 of them, who were in line to get in. The bouncer rolled over to them and said only 4 girls would get in. Clearly an obvious move to refuse entry to this group. Mystified they went away. If I was there I would have raised an amazing stink. The lack of intelligence and ignorance of this bar and staff is nothing short of disgusting. Second, later in the night one of girlfriends friend was dancing away with her eyes closed swaying to the music. Bouncers came up to her and and asked for her Id and for her to leave because they felt she was too drunk. Clearly not drunk she asked them what the issue was. They rambled on with crap made up excuses until finally she left with the rest of the girls. In addition they were with holding her cdn drivers license. . . Racism is childish, for the small minded citizen. Nothing good comes from discrimination. We should not support businesses such as this that support this deplorable behavior.
Marquee has a strong reputation for being an awesome club and perhaps that reputation is part of the reason why I was disappointed when I went there for many reasons.. . First of all, the line up process to get in was ridiculous. We were moved twice into different lines that seemed to have no logic involved in how they were organizing people. There was the supposed guess-list line, which we were in, but the two other lines were moving first. So what's the point of being in the guest list line then? . . Secondly, $45 dollars to get in for the guys and that was the discounted guest-list price to get in. Ok its vegas, I get it ... guys have to pay, but for that price I expect service and not all the vices that I will dictate in this review.. . Thirdly, it was so crowded. In fact, it was so crowded that I couldn't dance anywhere. I could barely navigate through the crowd. I felt like if a fire started inside and pandemonium ensued at least 25% of the people would of died or have been injured. And oddly enough I was so uncomfortable that this thought became cynically funny as I stayed longer and longer at Marquee.. . Fourthly, and this is for the ladies out there. The club is huge at least three levels. The party that I was with had a number of ladies who's high heels were killing their feet the entire time we were there only to have a bouncer bark at them when they took off their shoes and went barefoot climbing all the stairs. For f@&k sakes, what do you want them to do? It isn't heel friendly, give them a break.. . Fifthly, no lie, an employee there intentionally pushed aside one lady in our party stating something like "I work here, get out of the way," as a justification to push her to the floor leaving her potentially to fall down on a floor where there was barely room to walk, let alone dance. Are you crazy? Do you not have a soul? WTF is wrong with you? Oh, I forgot its vegas!. . Sixthly, to get out of the club once you get in you have go down at least five long flights of stairs. Which isn't a problem that is until you want to get back into the club and you have to walk back up all those stairs. It's terrible for the women and quickly frankly I was sucking wind going back up as well. They need to come up with a better system for re-entry. Maybe there is no other way, but it was kind of crazy.. . Not everything is pure evil. The DJs and music were awesome, but if you can't dance what's the point. And the mermaids in the pool on the top floor were happy to take pictures with the patrons and kept doing it even though no one was tipping them. They deserve tips at least they are making sure everyone was enjoying themselves. The club itself is pretty amazing in terms of design and look, but ultimately if so many small things keep you from having fun what's the point.
This is by far the worst club i have been to in Vegas!!! I don't know what the hype is about.  The bouncers are rude.  They told us to go into 2 different lines that wasn't even getting anywhere.  The GA line was faster than ours.  This place gets stupid crowded.  Even though it was crowded and took forevers to get in i figured since we are there already and it would be good to check out a new place.  We go in and they took us to our "table" at the library.  At the library it was way to small to have pool tables there.  The people shooting people barely had any room adn we kept having to avoid the pool sticks every time they had to shoot.  . . So, we decided to finish our bottle and then walk to another room.  Well, the next room we went to, not sure which one it was, but it was really dark and sooo crowded.  So crowded, i'm not sure how people who were in the middle would ever get out or even move.  I couldn't handle this place anymore that i just HAD to leave! Well, we arounded up the girls and started leaving.  In order to leave this place you have to walk down all the flights of stairs.  Very painful.  These stairs are metal and reminds me of a fire exit or warehouse stairs.  Even if your feet were not hurting it would hurt by this point.  We all felt like the stairs was endless.  Finally we got out of this place and i felt so relieved that we were still alive going through this.  We left and went to XS.. . Because of the experience of this night club, i'm not sure if i would stay at Cosmopolitan again.  There's just not a reason to stay there.  . . All i can say is i hate this place!!!
I don't know about the dayclub as I didn't get in and my 7 friends did o this bachelor party trip. Supposedly u need to wear board shorts to get in which wasn't told to me on the phone or on my presale ticket when I asked. They just said shorts. So I canned it all the way back to my hotel which took 30 min, and came back with swimming shorts, and the same bouncer did not lemme in cuz they weren't "board shorts". Waviest sh*t ever. So they wouldn't lemme return my presage ticket either. So I wasted $35 with the ticket and cab fare and still didn't get in. A-holes!!
Great music by Fatboy Slim but the employees and especially security (Joe and Earle) are complete ass$%*@!!! This place could honestly be one of the best day clubs but the staff sucks and kills any desire of drinking or anything.
Horrible!!! We had 15 girls with us for a bachelorette  party, we got in just fine, got our stamps, first of all, who's idea was it to make us all take stairs? girls in heels....stairs, not a good thing. I hadn't had one drop of alcohol and walking down, I fell and caught myself. Seriously. We were told by a promoter to get our hands stamped then come back later because we could drink for free at Haze until midnight, so we did just that, we left went to Haze and had an AMAZING time, came back with 2 other girls who's flight was delayed because of the san diego blackout, we tried telling the bouncers that because they didn't get their hands stamped like us, he was a COMPLETE ass and said $20/girl. I grew up in Vegas and know that girls don't pay to get into clubs, guys on the other hand haha sorry. So after trying to be nice and figure it out he yelled to go to the other guy and pay $20 but then he looks behind us and saw 2 girls who DIDN'T have stamps, and let them right in. . . Needless to say we left and got some other girls to leave as well
THIS PLACE HAS BEEN ON THE TOP OF MY LIST OF CLUBS TO PARTY AT.. . THIS PLACE GIVES ME A HEADACHE. There are like freakin' 4 separate lines, how the f are you suppose to know which line you're suppose to get into. Even the staff are confused, they sent my friends on a wild goose chase and had them going up and down the stairs. . . THE STAIRS OF DEATH. When we walked in, we walked in to find that we have to walk up 3+ flights of stairs!! DO YOU KNOW HOW HARD IT IS TO WALK UP THAT MANY FLIGHTS OF STAIRS IN 5.5 INCH HEELS???? When we got to the top, we were ALL out of breath and my calves were on fire (it was worse than the stair master)!! . . SWEAT DRIPPING EVERYWHERE. The first floor we went to was the ever so tiny hip hop room, be prepared to have people wipe their sweat all over you because there isn't ANY room to dance. It was almost impossible to maneuver your way around the dance floor, you either had your elbows in somebody's ribs or somebody else's elbows were jabbed into your ribs. Also since that room is so freakin' tiny, it's hot as shit in there and you know what that means..EVERYONE IS DRIPPING WITH SWEAT. And what do they do when they walk by you with their sweaty asses, they wipe it all over your skin and clothes. GREAT THANKS! I wish they had a bigger hip hop room because that was just ridiculous, if not pitiful. . . UNCE UNCE UNCE. The house music area/ floor was a lot bigger and is outdoors and wasn't nearly as painful as walking through the hip hop room, thank God because I was irritated at that point. What does more room mean? It means there was more room to dance but not a lot of people were,  most people were just standing around and I believe we were the only group of people who were actually dancing (and I don't really like house music too much). O.o . . CONCLUSION. BOTTOM LINE, I'M NEVER COMING BACK HERE EVER AGAIN.
Don't like this place at all. . . We made the mistake to go there at a holiday weekend. . . It is super small and gets pretty packed and the worst is they still let people in when there is no space to stand or dance anywhere. I know that the security there is doing their job, but when you get in you follow a hallway and if people in front of you are blocking the way and you get pushed out of the way by security then you regret having paid 50$ for guys and 20$ as a girl.
I've never encountered such rude bouncers and "managers" at any club. The way they talk to girls is out of line. . . Don't bother buying "VIP tickets" because it doesn't mean anything and you will still end up waiting in one of the many lines. . . If you're looking to wait in a huge line with no organization, then this is your spot.. . You're better off going to XS or Pure...or any other club in Vegas, really.
I feel like such an idiot. We went on Monday to Marquee and they had their VIP line wait while the club filled to capacity. 2 hours later (don't ask why we stuck it out, I still have no clue) the club did not honor the guest list because it was after midnight by the time we arrived.  So guys paid the special VIP rate of $40 and girls paid $20.. . Marquee is a 7,000 capacity nightclub, and there were probably 10,000 people crammed in. The VIP area IS the dance floor, but if you don't get a VIP wristband (which we did not, because we were after the midnight cutoff), security does not let you onto the floor. You're basically allowed to walk around the perimeter and go buy drinks. Felt a little scammed.
The stupidest club in Vegas.. . This past Halloween event with Kaskade was by far the WORST experience I have had at a night club in Las Vegas.. . I think the people working the line do not understand what the term "pre-sale" means. What upset me the most was how the pre-sale ticket holders were forced to get in the same line as people on the guest list. We paid for our tickets ahead of time, so we deserve to be let in first. It made absolutely no sense to me why the pre-sale ticket holders were waiting in line for over 2 hours. It got to the point where my friends and I ended up leaving the line to try and enjoy as much of Halloween in Vegas elsewhere as we possibly could, in spite of how ruined our night was because of Marquee - the supposed best club in Vegas.. . We bought pre-sale tickets to another club that weekend, just as popular, and our wait time was LITERALLY 5 MINUTES. Our experience at Marquee was the absolute worst, unorganized, and time wasting event and we plan to exclude this night club from our future visits.
We arrived with 3 girls and 2 guys. One of the girls wanted to take a picture near the waterfall. She took off her shoes and waded into the pool. (There were no signs saying you can't get in the pool btw..) A bouncer immediately ran over to her telling her to get out. She did immediately get out and apologized. The bouncer continued to be aggressive and said "I am kicking you out of the club. Give me your id." I was standing next door and politely asked "why do you need her id?". he then said "you are giving me attitude also?" You are both out of here. We were escorted out all the way to our hotel room. I have been to many clubs and come to vegas twice a month. I have never been treated like that.. We took our entire group to XS where we had a great time.. I will never return to Marquee, and will tell all my friends to avoid.. Clubs come and go, and with bouncers like that, they will be out of fashion very soon.
Rude Staff!!! We waited over an hour and a half to get in. Worst of all, WE WERE ON A GUESTLIST!!! Staff is horrible and very discriminatory. I believe a law suit is waiting to happen here. Also, when we were inside the club was at OVERCAPACITY. Staff member said "We can definitely get sued today, we are at overcapacity allowed." Club was not worth my time or money. We will stick to XS!!!
I don't even know where to start in describing this clubs failure. . . But I will say this - as a person who's been to nearly every club in Vegas, Marquee's staff is as unprofessional as they get.. . Yes its true - bouncers and security at Vegas must be strict for the safety and well being of everybody in the club- especially when people drink and act wild.. However, that is DEFINITELY NOT the way bouncers have been trained at Marquee - unfortunately.. . I was standing at the bar buying my second drink, only 30 minutes into my night at the club. Once I turn around, a bouncer calls me over and asks me to follow him - as if I did something wrong.. It turns out that since the club is so packed, they start picking on people with the excuse of - "you've had too much to drink". I know this because they just stood by the bar and decided to pick on people in that area since they have drinks in their hands. Moreover I know it because they did not even communicate with me to realize I am not as drunk as the people they are trying to kick out since it is over capacity.. . I was minding my own business, completely harmless.. . To sum it all up - sad, ridiculous, lame, unprofessional and most of all - INCOMPETENT . . They should be thankful their physical characteristics gets them a job - the least they can do is TRY to do it right instead of ruin a persons night for no reason.
Hand's down the worst experience ever! The "manager" Carlos is a prick! He is rude!   He called me the B word! The bouncer said my ID was not me.. and told me to GET OUT like as if he was taming animals in a zoo! I am a lady... I wasn't rude! When I went to speak with Carlos I told him can you please look at my ID ... It is me!  I can go get my ATM card even tho I had my credit card with me. He said, " NO! Your not getting in at all" -- While I was talking to Carlos a bouncer told my friend you guys should go before your arrested. I was just talking to him... I didn't use any bad language nor did I touch anyone... My ID was obviously mine, so identity theft isn't an option either! So exactly what is he going to arrest me for?  So since when did bouncers in Vegas become attorneys!?
Wouldn't know how it was cause we wouldn't wait an hour plus to get in. So we went to the bar directly across from Marquee that had great music and a great bartender. We sure enjoyed drinking and dancing and watching the other fools stand in line for hours waiting to get into the "coolest" club!
Where do i even start? we where a group made up of two couples. we met someone who put us in a guest list. which we though was AWESOME! that was until we got there at 9:15pm and it took us over one and a half hours to get threw the guest list line... and the bouncers where total douche bags, Sorry your 40 years old and taking names at a club in Vegas! old pervs. we are customers. our money goes into YOUR pocket at the end of the night! anyways. once we got in it was SO Packed! we couldn't get on the dance floor at all! they where blocking it off!  we get to the fist bar outside, and order four shots, 3 Patron, 1 Goose, Chilled. expensive, but expected, so it was okay. we go inside to order another round of shots a little later in the bar that was kinda inside/ almost outside.  We order the same shots. 3 Patron, 1 Goose. Chilled. the guy pours 3 goose, one patron. so i asked which one Goose. he said" ill let you guess" i said you poured 3 goose, we wanted 3 Patron and 1 Goose. so he poured the 1 Patron shot in to the Goose shots. and poured 3 shots of goose, NOT CHILLED! have you ever taken a room temp shot of anything ever? it taste like hot ass. ugh. anyways. i asked him to pour a new shot of Goose and he said here's three. (which where the 4 shots he had mixed) effin Douche Bag. I don't think ill be going here again. your business thrives on your service. and your service was disgusting.
This place is OVERRATED.  It takes you hours just to try to get in, once you get in you'll see the dance floor is small as fuck and there's no room to even walk around with all the people they cram in there like a chinese sweatshop.  Trying to get to other areas in the club will get you lost as you have to navigate thru their endless maze of stairs.  All of the bouncers have dildos stuck up their asses and try to act all tough with the guys but become lil bitches with the girls.  Drinks are expensive as hell- $20 for a watered down jack n coke.  There are far better clubs like XS and TAO than this wanna-be rave club.
UNDERCOVER CAMERA'S IN THE BATHROOM STALLS!!!. . No lie, they have camera's in the stalls at this night club!  . . Chances are they can see your what you're working with, GUYS AND GIRLS! . .  Even the security admits it but I told the cops in Vegas and they didn't believe me.  PROOF anything happens in Vegas!!. . THEY ILLEGALLY PUT THE CAMERA'S IN INSIDE OF THE STALLS TO STOP DRUG USE, BUT WHAT'S HILARIOUS IS THE MAIN SECURITY GUY I TALKED TO WAS ON DRUGS.... BLOW was the culperate, good GUY... BUT HAVE SOME  TACT AND SET THE EXAMPLE....??.
WARNING ALL HYPE!!. . This place is the worst.  6 flights of stairs after waiting for an hour when on a vip list. $50 to get in, $20 drinks.  90%Asian Invasion and music so bad and loud no place to go to get away from it. One bathroom that is impossible to get to. They played a JayZ song and the placed erupted because so much crap was being blown.   The a-hole bouncers would elbow us in the back when at the bar treating us like cattle trying to get us to move???  At the fn bar??  My crew had to surround two bouncers and we told them next time they elbow us we are going to kick the shit out of them. They apologized and stopped.  There was 23 of us!  It was that bad.  I mean you would think this place would have some class, but obviously it is just another burn and turn club straight raping their guest Sandusky Style!  . . Go to the Wynn!!!  XS is the sickest club and they actually care about having a good time. TRUST!!!
Too loud........loudest club on the strip.  $8,000 later, people were in our VIP booth uninvited.  Need better security in VIP.  Id rather have a root canal than go back, this club is worse than the halocaust.
Too many girls.. correction.. too many UGLY hoes (besides us :) ). . We were a like a group of beautiful swans amongst the herd of wilder beasts.. If you were to offer VIP access, look with your eyes first, don't just hand them to any fucking short, ugly, fat girl. That wait in "VIP" line was soooo unappetizing.. . I thought Vegas clubs got higher standards. . . Got in and out in 10 minutes.. never again.. good luck.
This is for the very rude security guard inside the club.. . Thanks for being the rudest, most un-gentlemen like person I have ever had to encounter.. . Thanks for pulling and grabbing my wrist so hard, and yelling at me, a girl, because the place was so crowded that you thoughtI was pushing. . . F YOU, douche bag!
I was partof a bachelorette party on Sat Jan 28th with 13 girls.  We bought 2 bottles for $1400 at approx 1AM and each had about 1-2 drinks since we only had 2 bottles.  At approx 2:45AM some of us decided to go to the restroom.  One of my friends sat on the counter to rest and was rudely told by a security guard to get off the counter...she did but then she kinda leaned on it again and this time the guard yelled at her to get off and to show her ID.  We told her we left our belongings at the table and she was sorry so she said send another friend to go get the ID as I stood next to my friend waiting for it.  She then proceeded to call security to escort my friend out.  I was shocked since she had just sent my other friend to go get the ID.  Why didn't she just tell us to all leave or escort us all out instead of making us split and get lost from each other.  As they escorted my friend out they wouldn't let us go with her from the same exit they wanted us to leave her alone and go out from another exit.  If my friend was too intoxicated as the security claimed why would Marquee management not want their clients to leave their venue accompanied by friends instead of alone?  We spend $1400 to enjoy less than 2 hrs of fun and we all got lost from each other and our belongings.  Horrible night.  The Bachelor party that was supposed to be on Feb 4th will be changed to a different club.
Got my money stolen from me by the bouncers.... thats so wrong.  They took my purse when they were checking how sober I was and after that all my cash was gone.
Skip this club and go to XS.. . I've been to Marquee Nightclub 3 times, but never to the Dayclub so this review doesn't apply to the latter. . . It seems like the whole night, the play the same song over and over.  Dont get me wrong, I love house and trance.  But it needs to evolve throughout the night! XS is better because they mix familiar pop/top40 songs into the house which gets people dancing more.. But thats not even my biggest complaint.. . After hours and hours of wearing heals and dancing until my feet want to explode, and all i want to do is go back to the hotel, relax my feet and feet and eat pizza... THEY MAKE YOU WALK DOWN FOUR FLIGHTS OF STAIRS TO EXIT! wtf!. . Every time I go back to the club, I think to my myself "hey, its not so bad here... why did I hate it so much?" and then I'm confronted with the stairs again and remember.  I'm not out of shape or anything... I just like wearing cute heals!  sigh.
Stairs, are you kidding me?. . We got there early and got stamped and decided to hang out in the casino because people were still trickling in (the awkward, sober state). Initially we had to take the elevator up 1 floor to get to the club but when we were exiting we had to take the stairs! Not just one flight, multiple flights. Furthermore, we found out we had to take the same damn stairs to re-enter the club but this time we had to walk up! (Re-entry is located on the 3rd floor of the casino). At this point I haven't even danced yet but my feet were killing me by the time we got to the dance floor. The club itself is cool with the multi-level concept (the library, hip hop room, outdoors, main club) but it's ruined by the stairs. Stairs + Alcohol = Bloody Mess!
I'm reviewing Marquee as a real human being. Not one of dozens of promoters who are paid to hype this place up.. . Marquee is the worst of what you think of when people describe Las Vegas Night clubs. Most of the bouncing and line staff are just dicks. This is the kind of place who hires doormen who really get off on what little power they have in their lives.. . There were crazy lines, prices on tables switched every 15 minutes, and my group got the run around - you know the usual "oh you've got to talk to so and so" and "I don't think she's working tonight b.s." Whatevs, it's Vegas, I understand that it is douche bag mecca.. . The real problem came once my friends and I actually got inside. I figured after all of the b.s. and the runaround and the big fucking deal the doormen were making this place HAD to be the shit. . . We get inside, fight our way to the dance floor (which also had separate bouncers keeping people off of it - yup, you read that right even after getting into the club there are bouncers waiting to keep you off of the dance floor) and I am shocked to see the overflowing sausage fest spilling out of the dance floor.. . After all the exclusivity pretense - trust me I live in L.A. I'm used to that bullshit - I finally get into the place and it is 70% dudes - busted dudes at that - on the dance floor, awkwardly grinding on each other, leering at the one or two unattached women on the floor. I left 1 Oak for this shit! Are you serious?. . I had been hearing all this garbage about Marquee being the number one rated nightclub and blah blah blah. I guessfolks in Las Vegas buy that shit because there were plenty of people lined up to shell out their cash in this bullshit, promoter-created, artificial club. . . I went to XS literally the night before. It was not even comparable. At XS on a random Monday night in March, Lil John was DJ-ing, the crowd was hype as shit, and there was absolutely no bullshit. When I next go to Vegas I will be skipping this douche factory.
This place is way overrated!!! The club is just like any other club the dance floor is extremely SMALL.  I got in free by a promoter my friends n I for a bachlorette and we left w/in 15 minuets of being here. I got a mixed drink that cost 18.00 I took 2 sips and was done w/ it the cup it came in is sooooooooooo small more ice then anything.  Even if it was free to get in again I would not come back to this club!
EFF YOU MARQUEE AND YOUR LAME SECURITY GUARDS! kicked me out and I wasn't even drunk. . . Yeah the patio is nice and there's 3 floors. But security is strict and will kick anyone and everyone out. Gets way over crowded and it's filled with Asians. . . You're better off at XS or surrender.  . . Big white ugly security guard with the mustache on 3/17/12: You rudely yelled and told me to move when I was dancing happily that Kaskade finally got on. I wasn't bothering anyone. I don't flip off anyone unless I find them very rude, so I flipped you off but didn't mean for you to see. I kept apologizing and just wanted to have fun, but you X me out anyway, a tiny, innocent, cute asian girl who was just having fun who was clearly SORRY. I only got to hear one Kaskade song when I was looking forward to it for 3 months. You ruined my whole weekend. . . Kaskade, please go to XS instead. It's bigger, better, and funner!!
I have been to Marquee a few times already, but this time is THE WORST experience ever. Yeah, the lines are extremely long, the wait is probably 1-2 hours, and it was crowded in the venue...but all this still won't make me as mad and as disappointed.... . Basically,  two of my friends and I had a couple drinks at the bar, then we went to the dance floor and started dancing. My friend and I decided to take another shot at the bar...While we were walking to the bar, we got stopped by the security and asked us to follow them. At this point, I thought that, "I guess I am really fucked up and I'm going to get kicked out!". . So we continue to follow the security, which leaded us into a room. Next thing the security in the room yelled at us and said, "Where is the E? Why are you guys selling E?"  The fact that we did not have any E or drugs, my friend and I were really confused. We told them we didn't have any drugs, but the security kept yelling and questioning us and even said that they got us on tape for evidence.. . At this point, I was EXTREMELY frustrated and felt very disrespected, so I took all my belongs out from my pocket and told them," Find the fucking E if you can!!!"  Since they couldn't find E or drugs, you would think that they would apologize for the mistake and let us go... HELL to the Fucking No... They said, "Here's the deal: you guys are banned from Marquee, Tao and the Cosmopolitan property forever." Then, they took a picture of us, and released us from the back door... is this a fucking joke?. . First of all, your asses did not find any drugs from my friend and I. Second, you guys were even trying to threaten us with all kind of tricks: "We have everything on the tape!" "We will call the police!" and other bullshits as well, to forces us to admit something we did not do! Where is the fucking justice?!
Place sucks!!! Too many Asians.  If your into that just go to Westminster, it'll be cheaper with no lines.  And the dance floor was packed in like sardines.  Only good thing was the decor was nice.
Overrated. Overpriced. Would not go again.
You could not pay me to come back here.. . I'll start off with the pros: Marquee is able to lasso some renown DJ's (I came the night Redfoo of LMFAO fame was deejaying) and I liked the music in the main room and in the smaller hip hop area. There's a nice balcony/pool area, that is all the more enjoyable if you go during a warm evening.. . Everything else about this club is a nightmare.  If you are absolutely insistent on checking this place out, I have only one recommendation for you: GET A TABLE.  If you do not get one, you will have to deal with the following:. . 1) Rude ass bouncers both outside AND inside the club!  Yes, I understand you've been standing for hours herding and hustling people (most of whom are probably not fun to deal with, drunk or sober), but be professional.  You chose this job.  Or maybe you didn't.  In which case, it might be time to get that GED.  . . 2) Crowds and crowds of people.  Maybe you're into that sort of thing, but I like to go to the club to dance, not have to deal with drunk white girls pushing me and screaming at me when I literally did not touch them and getting elbowed in the face and kneed in the back of my legs.  If you do not have a table, you will constantly be herded by the bouncers to places with no space.  You are NOT allowed to stand in walkways or enter dance areas that are already at full capacity.  If you stop to rest, a bouncer will yell at you.  If you stop to take off your heels to rest your feet (due to climbing an endless flight of stairs, see point #4), a bouncer will yell at you.  . . 3) Nuclear levels of douchebaggery.  Some guy named Cash who is an employee of this fine establishment helped our entire party get in without a cover.  Honestly, I was thankful to him and wanted to just tip him for his generosity.  But we didn't, and he ended up spouting some nonsense to us about how he'll get us a table and free drinks.  Well, these "free drinks" ended up being $20 a pop and consisted of an 8 oz cup of club soda.  No alcohol.  My guess is Cash pocketed most of the cash and lived up to his name.  Uncool, dude.  No need for that type of play.  I would have rather he be upfront about things.  But that is exactly the type of BS that you'll have to deal with coming into a place like this. Naturally, Cash left to do his thang and the promise of free drinks and a table left with him.. . 4) The stairs: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/WUq8HJHIZU4uteB154XN7w?select=JvT5VYkd_3HHLnrljGKv7w.  Absolutely unacceptable.  Whoever designed this club needs to be fired.. . Maybe more alcohol would have helped me tolerate the Marquee experience but alas, I'll never find out.  I'd rather spend my precious time and money on XS or Tryst.
Most horrible nightclub experience I've had in Las Vegas for last 4 years. . 70% of dance floor horny local dudes and hookers. . Bouncers are the rudest I've ever seen.After I deal with them I don't wanna even go inside of Cosmopolitan.  Too sad I feel negative about a whole Casino. Used to be my favorite.
This place is total BS. The club sucks compared to XS. (its actually okay once you get in but it just isnt better than xs/surrender and you deal with so much crap to get in) Girls and guys wait forever to get into this place. Most might they refuse to open general admission. Which means guys that don't have enough girls with them (ie a one to one ratio) are left with the great options of buying a table for 2 grand or tipping the bouncer a ridiculous amount of cash.  One time I paid the bouncer here 40 dollars (granted not an obscene amount, but they usually laugh at anything under 100 here)a head and got thrown into the guest list line which doesn't move. Most nights the bouncers want 100 a head for guys just to get in. What a joke. The guest list line is like the enemy list line. I have waited an hour and a half and barely moved. You can guess what I did... I left went to Encore and got the party started quickly.   XS, XS, XS!!!!! F this dump with their D-bag bouncers. Skip it any chance you get!
Ugh this place is annoying.. . - too many stairs. - bouncers are incredibly rude. - dance floor is closed off ~11pm because it gets too crowded. - when on the dance floor, I'm afraid to leave the dance floor (for bathroom or drink) because I'm worried I won't be able to come back. - too crowded. - outdoor area is too cold during the winter. - headlining DJ doesn't come out until 1-1:30am. - hiphop floor stinks
I was very excited to go to the marquee for the very first time. I had heard so many good things about the club, I had such high expections. I go to Las Vegas at least two times a year. We do at least one girls trip a year and at least one birthday a year. Every time we go we have at least one night at a club with table service. Being that the Marquee is a up scale club I was expecting excellent service with first class accommodations,sad to say I was extremely disappointed. To my disappointment by far this is the worst table service I have ever experienced. The night started off with as soon as we entered the club the staff trying to collect more money then what we had already paid and had arrangements for. After dealing with and settling that issue in about 15 minutes, it took over 45 minutes to even get our bottles to our table. Yes that's right it took over an hour for us to receive any of our drinks. Followed by one of the servers spilling a drink on the bride, ruining her shoes, leaving her  and her dress smelling horrible and sticky. She got a quick sorry  as the server laughed and left never to be seen again, not even a replacement drink was brought to our table. We never got the goodie bag for the bride or the complementary Champaign that was part of the package and was paid for. The server told use that there was no packaged deal such as the one we paid for and they had never heard of such a thing. We had to bring up an email on OUR phone to show the package deal we ordered. This is not a way to run a business so unprofessional. Most of the staff was not very friendly and we saw our server maybe five to six times in the 6 hours we were there. We were never asked if we needed anything and (for the first time ever in my 14 years of Vegas trips) when we ran out of the bottles we had ordered we were told we had to go to the bar to order more drinks. I have never had that happen, we have always been served at our table. I have myself personally had table service at eighteen different clubs in Las Vegas, marquee makes nineteen and never have I been treated so poorly or been so disappointed.  The club it self is very nice,clean, splendid decor, enjoyable ambiance, great music, variety and large, its such a shame there was no costumer service skill what so ever. Our bus boy James is the only one that I have anything positive to say about. He was very sweet and efficient.
This is review is for the dayclub..... . so... we came waiting in the wrong line(general admission) and never moved, waiting behind some bros.  Friend of ours whipped her friends out and asked to see how to get in and we weren't in the g-list line.  We went moved along and everything seemed fine.  Until some other bouncer asks us for names and a dress-code check.  Apparently our names weren't on the list and our friend was wearing unacceptable "gym shorts" (they were board shorts). So after waiting for an hour we went back to the hotel for a free pool-side experience. We saved about $25/guy
This place is seriously overhyped. We got bottle service and we were crammed into a little ass table even though there were 6 of us... the table fit 4 comfortably. . . First of all the mixers were DILUTED. gross. Secondly, our waitress VANISHED, seriously, they are understaffed. At one point they told us if we were going to the dance floor to have them put the bottles in the back. We did that, and by the time we went back to our table we could NOT find our waitress. We finally flagged her down, and she did NOT COME BACK for 45 minutes. I'm not kidding. UBER BUZZ KILL.. . We got so irritated by the lack of service, we kept running out of ice, mixers, and they were rarely refilled.. . Can I also mention that it's just insanely crowded here? Ridiculous lines to the bathroom, sloppy ass people...... . When you spend so much money to get bottle service, most other clubs I've been to go above and beyond. Not here, they know you're going to come because it's the "it" place to be right now, so service is sorely compromised.. . . Left early, sorely disappointed, and vowing never to come back.
Went to the day club because the Cosmopolitan pools don't have any sun. The Marquee gets a little. Cell phone reception here sucks, so no Pandora. . . The pool area was only half full. Was there for an hour and never was asked for my drink order. If you are going there to drink, I would imagine this would not be your first choice. Service seemed to be typical for Vegas...poor....very poor. . . Staff was hyper rude about me bringing the hotel towel to their "club." What did they expect? I'm sure I'm not the only Cosmo guest to wander up there with a towel. Apparently, they did not want me to bring in a Cosmo white towel and would rather I use a Marquee white towel. Really? There is no one at your club anyway. Lol They looked at me like I was crazy when I asked them to hold onto the towel then if they didn't want me to bring it in. . . Like the other reviews, there are steep flights of steps to get to the club. I feel badly for girls wearing 5" heels to begin with...then the Marquee decided to torture then further. . . While the Cosmo was very clean usually...the sidewalk and steps by the Marquee are filthy. Inside was clean but not the steps and walkway outside it.
A SINCERE FIRSTHAND EXPERIENCE: SHORT PG ABRIDGED VERSION OF MY REVIEW:. . Discrimination. You've ruined my weekend.
This is for the a-hole bartender Johnny. You make awful drinks. I asked for a strong drink and you made some weak punch. And then you're an asshole about it. Even the other bartender admitted it was weak but he couldn't do anything because he didn't make it and there are a bunch of cameras monitoring the bar.. . Apart from that awful experience, I had been there once before and had fun.
Wow. If you want to be treated like *garbage* by thick-necked bouncers THIS is the place to be. . . I was trying to get past one to join my group's table but evidently took the wrong route. Instead of saying "Sorry, you can't get thru that way, please go around that way." I was blocked, stared down and simply told "No, you need to leave" and was then promptly knocked in the gut as he turned his tank of a body around, spilling my drink all over me. I was simply shocked!! I tried to ask him how to get where I needed to be, but this *horrible* human being actually turned his entire body away from me as I tried to get his attention. . . Fine. Forget you. . . So I got around the long way and get to where I needed to be. The girl that was taking care of our table was fantastically sweet and attentive, no problems there. After splitting away from the team to bounce on the dance floor, I come back to find our table over-crowded with invaders. Before I can even squeak, there's another ox grabbing me by the arm telling me I couldn't be there and some jerk who I had never seen before sitting at *our* table encouraging the bouncer to remove me!! . . I asked for a manager and was simply told NO. I asked if this is how they typically treat their guests, he just stares. I fibbed and said I was staying at the hotel rather than my friends, "Is this how you treat your hotel guests?" he answers "I'm affiliated with the Bar, not the Hotel, so yeah. Don't like it? Leave.". . Shocked, appalled, disgusted. . . The Bar and Wait Staff were fine, but these VERY AGGRESSIVE bouncers have to GO before they either hurt someone our simply drive away all the customers.. . Go to Surrender or Drais, vastly superior evenings to be had there, WITHOUT getting pulled around like a ragdoll.
Terrible experience. Not worth your time in vegas. The worst security staff works here. They are rude, pushy, entitled, power crazed, and actually wayyyyy too aggressively physical.  They literally elbowed my friend in the stomach when she was standing in an apparently unallowed place. Just complete, unabashed, impolite, lame DICKS..The music sucked, sound system unimpressive (not good tonal quality at all, just ridiculously loud). Screw marquee, spend your money at surrender. Much better crowd, staff, and atmosphere there.
we couldn't handle smokers. it hard to breathe and have fun with  around smokers
Went to the day club on June 14th. $70 buckets of beer? Not cool. At some point these vegas pool partys are just making up the prices they want to charge for drinks.
so, this Marquee is a branch of the Marquee in NYC.  I live in NYC and have been plenty of times to the Marquee in NYC when it first opened and many times after.  Let's just say that the Vegas Marquee is terrible.  I have never seen this type of ridiculouness in my life.  As I stood there I noticed that they turned away every single person who was either african american or hispanic.  They could have been dressed amazing and looked like models but nonetheless they were turned away.  Basically, you couldn't get in unless you were white or asian. Very strange especially since this Marquee is a branch of NYC's Marquee.  The line to get in was hilarious.  People actually stood in line for 3 HOURS to get in. lol really?? Not even in NYC do you stand in line for 3 hours to get into a club.  Not even in NYC do you stand in line! lol  This Marquee has a lot to learn.  I saw a group of guys get clowned by the Marquee bouncers.  They would tell these guys who happen to be black that they were at the wrong entrance and had to go to the upstairs entrance.  When they got upstairs they were told that the line here was for people who had passes to get in - they didn't have passes.  HOWEVER, there were 2 white guys behind them that said they didn't have passes either and they were let right in.  Hmmmm....what's going on here?  I was totally disgusted by the behavior of Marquee. actually a friend called out the bouncer who said that and all of a sudden they wanted to let the african american guys get in. i guess he didn't like his character called out.  i seriously was offended with this place and am glad that we decided to leave after seeing this behavior.  i still haven't call the las vegas tourism board (if there even is such a thing) to inform them of this behavior at Marquee, but i will get around to it eventually.  they have this crap of a place all over their guides as one of the top 10 spots to go to for nightlife, but what they really need to do is put this on their top 10 spot not to go to unless you want to be offended. shame on you Marquee.  . . PS. letting in females with beach flip flops isn't cute either. step up your game Marquee and let people in who take the time to go out presentable and not like a bunch of slobs.
I visited Vegas, staying at the Cosmopolitan, on July 28th for a 21st birthday party.  I had booked a table with Amber Anderson, Customer Development Manager at Marquee Nightclub, on April 11th.  I explained that were 4 girls and would need a table.  She quoted me $1k - she stated $500 was an average table and $1k would get a better location. It was important for me to book the table well in advance given I was planning the party and wanted to ensure my guests would have a good time.. . I communicated with Amber several times leading up to the 28th.  My last text with her to confirm the booking was at 9:15pm on the 28th.  Her response was "see you later". We arrived for our table at 11pm.  We were told to wait in the line for the table... the people in front of us said they had been waiting 50 minutes.  I asked a Marquee employee why a table reservation still had to wait and his response was to text our host if we wanted to get in sooner.  I texted and called Amber a total of 7 times with no response.  (Additionally, someone from Marquee told her I had arrived and she made no attempt to come greet me).  After approximately 1 hr we left Marquee.  I understand this is Vegas - however, this kind of service is appalling and ridiculous.  . . This was an important event for me -- Marquee and Amber destroyed our evening.  In the short term Marquee will get away with the crappy service.. however, they will fail to have loyal customers once the fad passes.. . Finally, the Marquee experience reflects poorly on The Cosmopolitan. I booked the Cosmopolitan because of Marquee.  I will never again stay at the Cosmopolitan given their association with Marquee.
This review is for Marquee Dayclub only. Two Words: DON'T BOTHER!!! . . First off, I know this is like club industry and all, but c'mon Marquee this is still a business establishment ... have some standards. So I called to inquire about cabana/daybed prices but wanted to confirm with my BF so told them I'd call back to reserve. Well good thing, because when I called back later in that day it was hundreds of dollars cheaper than what the first girl told me. It's like a difference of a bottle! Ummm that's SHADY! . . When we arrived, it wasn't much hassle getting in. We were seated in a daybed area not exactly to my liking and I asked to be moved to a nearby empty one but before I could even try to tip her she said no. Apparently I have to specify that in my reservation? Ummm how the heck am I supposed to know what to ask for? This is not ticketmaster choose your own seating. . . Anyway, we were all having a good time. Liquor was flowing, yummy food kept coming, the pool was still fun and refreshing, and there was a good crowd. But it seemed short lived, because we got tired of it fairly quickly. It must've been a combination of packed, obnoxious, drunk people that finally got in, the hot sun beating on us, and hour after hour of just electronic/house/trance music. I know that's what's popular nowadays, but sh*t DJ, change it up a little! Cliche maybe, but what's wrong with throwing in the Cali hip hop set or even a little top 40?? It's like they know they're at the "hottest" spot already so they don't feel the need to put down their drink and actually spin. . . We were just burnt out and wanted to go back up to our room so I told the waitress we we ready to close out. She said she thinks I still have some money to meet the minimum so I told her we'll just order stuff to go. She came back telling me an exact dollar amount so I ordered accordingly. She came back with our food and the final tab, and goes oh btw, you were actually over, hope that's okay?? Excuse me?! You were the one that told me how much more I needed to spend only to find out I didn't need to at all?!?! It was by hundreds of dollars!! How do you get that wrong when you're ringing it all up on the register? And umm if you know that you fkd up wouldn't you run it by me first before you charge my card?? Shhaaaady!!!  At that point I was livid, but didn't want to cause a scene and stay any longer. I made a snide comment and grudgingly signed my tab.  . . NEVER AGAIN!
Marquee,. . Is the spot where you can experience being pushed over and yelled by security. Go upstairs by taking the stairs if you want to go to the Library or BoomBox. See a fight in every corner and I even saw a guy getting his teeth knocked out by a drunk ass bastard. Security kicking out girls because they decide to sit down on the edge of the stairs rail. Bottle Service is a complete mess, with pricing and service. I am a local and let me tell you something, Marquee was good on their first 4-6months. Hospitality and service is the worst that I've ever experienced. When my friends come to town I tell them go anywhere besides MARQUEE! COMMON MARQUEE book more DJ's stop booking the same ones. Get out of your COMFORT ZONE! Train your freaking staff, expand your marketing team and stop digging your own grave!!!
Long gone are the days of Utopia. I've checked out this nightclub on two occasions. The same DJ both times. Crowded, hot, rude people. Cheap thrills with the bubbles and confetti. Bouncers try to do their job but most of them come off as over the top aholes, themselves trampling over patrons. . If you want to  pay to have your body roughed up, sweat on, spilled on, and be treated like cattle being steered to the slaughter house, this is your place. . Even if you pay a ridiculous amount for VIP treatment (getting to sit at a booth $1500-$3000 and purchase a $25 bottle for $400) you are bound to be sardine packed next  to enough dbags to last a lifetime. . Gone are the days of clubbers being happy, polite, and all with the same great energy. Forget about being able to sit, relax, and cool down when you have danced it up on a spacious well-designed dance floor without being smashed and squeezed to the point of suffocation. . The stairwell walk is grueling in heels and then not having a cool place to rest inside the facility? Incredibly inconsiderate of the designers. . Its hard to enjoy good music, lighting , and dance when there are so many negative distractions around. . I recommend XS if you are going for this kind of entertainment. More space, very few steps,  and better attitudes from the staff.
I write this review as I am sitting in my hotel not even having left Vegas yet. THIS is how strongly I feel about my distaste for Marquee. . . My gfs and I are in Vegas this weekend for our annual trip, and decided to go to Marquee last night namely because of all the hype and the fact that it was close to our hotel, The Vdara.. . I am NOT a Vegas newbie. I am also not new to the Marquee either--No, this was not my first time there. No, this was not my second time there. This was my THIRD time--in a last ditch attempt at seeing the hype and craze over this night club. Usually, third time is the charm right? But it was just as horrible as my first and second time....So my previous experiences were not a fluke.. . Vegas night clubs are known to be packed and bumping (why else do people go??), but Marquee was just too much....  The few, few positive aspects go nowhere close to justifying the horrible staff, crappy bar service, chaotic (and absolutely nonsensical) entry system and CLEARLY over-capacitated space. And for some reason, something magical happens where people turn into absolute douche-bags at this club. There is no sense of civility or orderliness.. . Every nook and cranny was jammed with people and unless you pre-partied your brains out or have a hook up with a cabana or table service, good luck maintaining your buzz. We got a walk-in into the club but after getting in, we literally spent TWO hours trying to move from point A to point B. Subsequently, we left thereafter.. . The only positive thing I have tosay about this club is how much it makes me appreciate and love Surrender and XS.
I've been to this club a few times but last Saturday will be the last time. 'Ive never been really impressed but this last time sealed the deal. It was a night Kaskade played and the club was way over capacity. We were stuffed in corridors with bouncers yelling in our faces. We were shoulder to shoulder with no where to go. Not to mention it being very uncomfortable it was dangerous too! We couldnt even see the performance because the main stage area is so SMALL and the other rooms played different music so we couldn't hear it either. Did I mention they charge the GUYS $100 for entry?? BS!!. . Honestly dont waste your time and money. The people, the facility and everything about it is overrated!!
If you go on a weekend when there is a big act, they over-sell the place. It is SOOOO packed and the security guys are total dicks. We couldn't even see the stage. Were forced to just hang out outside most of the time. This place, unfortunately, is far too popular for it's size and you will be battling people for space and drinks alllll niiittteee. Go somewhere else where you can actually have fun.
THis is an example of something getting big hype for no reason.. . Trashy people, okay music, and really awkward floorplan. Won't be coming here again.
Horrible experience, we spent $3,000 + on a table here and the hostess Britney ruined the entire night. She acted like she didn't want to be there even with her $400+ tip. The entire time we were belittled and ask do you understand how much this cost even after we paid the first 15 min of being there. We complained and nothing was changed. She set out bottles at our table and when we were going to open it she literally snatched it from our hands and said no not yet. We ordered the birthday celebration cupcakes, which are miniature cupcakes for $150, she brought them out with a few other girls said happy birthday and walked away, we saw two other groups get the same thing and they had a little show. We still have yet to hear an apology from anyone. Never again!
Hands down, one of the WORST nightclubs on the strip.. . Long walks up and down stairs just to get in, the douche-iest bouncers, the shitty layout, horrible bottle service policies...this list can go on and on about all the negatives but I'm sure I'd hit the character limit on this review. . . Yes, this is the "it" club in Vegas right now because it's one of the newer ones that books some of the best DJs...but it doesn't excuse them for being poorly run and staffing some of the worst bouncers. But let's face it...people are always going to go out of their way to get here, but just be forewarned that you'll be dealing with a crapton of douchebags. If you are going to go, at least make sure you work with Brian T (http://www.yelp.com/biz/brian-tickes-las-vegas) to get you in, because he is the only good thing about going to Marquee.
I was very disappointed upon coming to Marquee. I've heard amazing stories about Marquee in NYC/ the newer Vegas location and I was so excited to see the Vegas version. We were all ready to shake our booties and get down Vegas style. However, even with after pre-gaming a bit,  I guess our first mistake was coming in on a Thursday night. Half of our group (the Vegas regulars) swore by Marquee and decided this was a good first stop for our Vegas trip. . . Upon entering, the club closed off it's other levels and only the "basement" was open. It was so small and only two club dancers were performing above the dance floor. It was so crowded on the small space and apparently they let anyone in tonight because I saw woman wearing sweats and sneakers? and guys who look like they just got in from going to the gym or something... really? This type of attire doesn't fly in NYC or nice restaurants. You don't need to be dressed to the 9's, but come on, sneakers are a absolute no no. How can people dress like that to a club? After that shock,  a lot of people, like us, went outside to chill on the balcony. . . To top off this experience, we wanted to order shots but many of the liquors were sold out. We peaced out after 30 minutes even when the guys just paid to get in. I was told this isn't an accurate depiction of Marquee LV... let's hope they rarely have these off nights because it was very disappointing. I think I'll just stick to my usual Vegas spots...
The people running this place have never heard of customer service.  The consider themselves the VIPs.  Guests can pay $1500 bottle service for a cabana.  . ... to be fair I went during the day, and bottle service was only $200 for a cabana and $75 for a lounge chair. They just had to tell me what a great deal that was compared to the prices at night.  . We overheard the bouncers making fun of a couple of guests in a cabana.  So apparently, even when you pay for a place to sit down, you are still not important enough.  . . I heard from a limo driver that a lot of the new clubs are doing this.  The owners plan on selling within a year, so they use the bottle service to rape the suckers who want to be seen with a table at the new clubs.  As soon as people get tired of the experience, the owners sell and go start another club.  They never have to pay the price for failing to provide a good product.  He expected the Marquee to sell within a year.  . . My advice, check the reviews on other clubs in Vegas, and find one that is currently providing a good time!
I don't understand why anyone likes this nightclub. I had to wait 45 minutes to get to my 5k table. They treat people like cattle and everyone there thinks they are too cool for school.  They underpays their employees compared to other nightclubs. The hosts are so broke and miserable its no wonder that unless you are there to spend 15k you get terrible service.  Definitely the biggest rip off in town, I have never heard of anyone who has gone there and said their bill which includes auto gratuity, entertainment tax, and host fees amongst other charges was worth the experience.  It's no wonder this club is going downhill fast.   All they have is kaskade and lmfao and for these events prepare to get really ripped off to get in or for a table. Everybody thinks they have to go there but once they have been they vow never to go again.  Save yourself the trouble, money, and misery and skip this place.  There are plenty of other nightclubs where they respect the money you are spending and where you get great customer service and have a great time!
I was at marquee night club for my sister and future brother in law's Saturday night bachelor/bachelorette party with Avicii as the headliner.  It was extremely packed, to the point that they were not letting people walk into the dance floor and seemed to be a fire hazard. September 29th,  2012. We were standing near the side bar to have a drink and cool off when this bouncer yelled at my friends and I for being a few feet away from a reserved sofa/table area. He also bumped me which got on my nerves because we were standing there minding our own business.. . Anyhow I just logged into my yelp account and actually found this message in my review or marquee unsent . . "Very bad at being biased I will not return here unless you know a homie. Its basically how you get around. If you dont know anyone then fml". . I was really angry that night and started to type on my phone the outrage but due to my level of tipsiness LOL I never finished.. . Overall the club is usually fun but extremely packed. Experiencing first hand rude behavior and abuse of power from a service employee towards a guest is unacceptable.. . I would avoid marquee next time even if there is a good headliner.
Marquee. At the Cosmo. All fancy right? The hottest clubs for 2011 in one of the upper tier hotel at the Strip. Go in, getVIP bottle service, get the girls, dance your ass off, tip them well and they treat you well, and you have the night of your life right? No. I couldn't be more wrong with my initial perception of this god forsaken place where even satin himself will be embarrassed to take a diarrhea dump in this shit hole. And you wanna know why? Well.... where do we begin.... . So we went and ordered bottle vip service. Total cost of the drinks + tax + tips on the bill totaled to digits that's easily longer than a black guy's cock. We gave an additional $100 to the "host" (let's call him asshole) for showing us to our table. Oh wow he really worked for that huh? $100 in the 2 minutes he spent on walking us to our tables. Untaxed, undocumented, unreported. You know what that sounds like? Illegal immigrants. . . Never trust the waitresses or the waiters. Actually, this applies to all of these nightclubs in Vegas. The waitress will pour the shit out of the alcohol for you, then as soon as you put your cup down, the waiter will immediately swoop in and "clean" your cups. Each time they clean my shit, it costs us around $40 worth of alcohol that we didn't finish. Even if we put a napkin on top of it, they still take it. This "cleaning service" is more expensive than getting an Asian massage, I swear the god. So I say "No, I'll pour it myself." She gives me a dirty look. I don't give a fuck bitch, GTFO. Gave you your $400 tip, leave me the fuck alone. . . Never trust the bouncers. They're fucked up, they're bitches, whatever you can think of when you talk shit, that's what they are. The host (asshole) too. I'll talk more about Mr. Asshole in a bit. But first, my girl needed to bring someone back in. I asked them if I can get them, they said yes, as long as I tell them I'm from table ##. Fine, I got to the exit with the girl, another bouncer said "once you go out, you cant get back in." I told him I'm from table ## and showed him the VIP stamp, he said "i still aint going to let you in." I asked him if there's any secret code word he wants, he said "my birthday's july 17th." Ok, I take that as a sign, the girl and I go and get her friend. Walking back, he denied us. Wtf. I said "July 17th." He responded with "I dont know what you're talking about." Are you fucking serious? So the girl tells me to go stand at the re-entry line to hold the spot while she tries to talk to the bouncer. I turn to go, right when I turn, he lets the two bitches in. And they just went in without looking back. WOW. BITCHES man. I said wtf, he tells me to go to 2nd floor table service line. So I go there, and I see the host, Mr. Asshole. I said to him, "You recognize me, I tipped you $100, can you get me back in?" He looks at me, and says "Ok, hang on, let me get the other bouncer to let you in." Disappears, never comes back. Wow again. . . I get a text from a friend. He got kicked out. Why? Because some girl fell or something and when he tried to pick her up, she said he groped her? Wtf? The bouncer didn't even let him talk, he just listened to the girl, then permanent X on his wrist. Kicked out just like that. What. the. fuck. . . After 1 hour, I was eventually let back in by another bouncer. I see the July 17th bitch. Confronted him, he said "i dont even wanna talk to you." Ok fine, yes you got the "power" now, wait 5 more years, your dumbass be begging for change. Whatever. So I go back up. Wow, the elevators are closed out. We gotta use these in-case-of-emergency-fire staircase. Plain metal staircase, going up 3-5 flights. Did I mention this club is 3 floors big? Nice architect right? Poor girls with their overly high heels. I swear these heels are longer than Beiber's dick. Anyways, I have no idea how much cover charge is, but I personally paid ~$600 not including tips and tax for this shit.. this metal staircase. Luxury for the win. . . All in all, the bouncers, the waitresses, the host are all lying pricks at this place. Sure the first girl was a bitch too. Would I consider coming back? I'd rather go into a Chinese toilet with old Chinese men taking a shit and smoking at the same time. I'd rather yank all the hair off my balls. I'd rather masturbate while being forced to watch two girls one cup. Better yet, I'd rather fantasize myself being part of two guys one horse.
I hate douche security guads at Marquee with a passion.. . I came here twice for nightclub. Once during Armin van Buuren on memorial day weekend and this past halloween weekend for ATB and Armin van Buuren.. . The first time around I paid $40. Second time around I got in for free because of guest list but it is besides the point since I don't care to drop some money in order to have a good time But no, Marquee doesn't let me have my grand time.. . During the peak hour, dance floor got super spacked both times. My friends and I were locked out unless we paid the bouncer. We paid $20/person and it just went downhill from there. People are shoving left to right, elbowing you, stomping on you, etc. A couple in their 50's kept shoving me to go to the front so I pushed the guy really hard and he looked at me like if he was going to hit me. Dude, don't shove your way in if you can't handle people shoving you back.. . My point being: fck marquee. I'm sticking to other clubs like Tao & XS regardless of the fact that they bring in awesome DJs.
Unlike many of the reviewers here, I didn't have to wait in a massive line, as I had a hookup. I only waited 2 minutes to get in. No cover at that!. . ...But way too many people for such a tiny space.  And then security shoves me out of the way because the dance floor is too packed. Riddle me this: how the hell are you going to deny a gay man from dancing like a lunatic at a nightclub????? We live for dancing like we're on one at nightclubs.
I will never go to and/or support a club that kicks legends like Mark Farina off the decks. Vaffanculo Marquee. . . http://stoneyroads.com/mark-farina-kicked-decks-house-event/
Marquee sucks. pretty simple. the designers of this club were on "bottle service" crack. ie the place is ONLY set up for people paying $1000 per bottle at a table. Dance floor is TINY, my living room is bigger. Try and walk from point a to point b, NOThappening, unless you are a linebacker with an attitude. Why they design these clubs like this is mind blowing. And the exit? come on guys, 5 flights of steel stairs in the back alleys of the Cosmo. are you f-in kidding me. never again, unless you are with 5-10 peeps and ready to spend at least $4,000.
I had 2 tables set up for the night, everything was going great until i went to the bathroom. i tripped over something and two of the employees there saw me mis-step (  diddnt fall or anything just tripped over my shoe lace ) and pulled me aside to talk. they asked me why i just " stumbled" , how much i drank ect. ect. . i was being as polite as possible but then they asked for my ID and told me to follow them. they escorted me outside of the hotel and diddnt let me back into the venue. . . . . i bought two tables +bottle service and was ejected from the venue. i would never ever ever come back here ever again. i guess they have a zero  tolerance policy for any behavior they dont like. i just cant believe how rude and non-understanding they are . . . Employee names: Cole & Shane
Worst club in Las Vegas. Shitty music, small dance floors, overpriced EVERYTHING.
This is only getting 1 stars for the bottle service. . Please read before judging. . Came here on feb 9 2013 for a b day.  The music and vibe was great. . Everyone here is super cool from the security to the servers!!. . The only problem I had was our servers including the cup guy and our bartender at our table kept clearing the table when our drinks were still in there.. . I noticed this because my girlfriend told them when her drink was gone and they said they only empty out finished cups, . . So I lost my buzz and watched them as they strategically threw out our drinks some full an some half full.. . I understand they get more per bottle but that is just shady :(. . Other than that we had a great time !!
If you have to use the bathroom  be quick about it.  The security loves to kick people out for taking too long to use the bathroom by pretending you were doing drugs.  Most the security guards sell em and the place is really shady in general now.  Used to be fun. Now is a scam Go to xs or surrender
waaaay too crowded and absurdly expensive drinks. security inside would not let us stand for one second, made us keep walking back and forth. the dance floor was a mosh pit and was not fun. I got separated from my friends and only stayed for an hour
This is my least favorite club in Vegas, and perhaps of all time.  I have never been so unhappy at a club as I was here... and I've been twice so I think I've given it a fair shot.  . . The layout is awful and as noted time and time again in other Yelpers' reviews, it is terribly overcrowded.  So overcrowded it has hard to move from one end of the club to the other, find the exit onto the patio and just forget about trying to dance.  The club is huge, but nonetheless, the expression "like sardines in a can" is still applicable.  The good news is, you will be so distracted by the unpleasant overcrowding to even notice that the clientele is unattractive.. . My advice...don't go!  In my opinion, this club is so bad you would be better off spending $20 and get one of those all you can drink wrist bands at one of those cheesy yeti bars.
What a freaking joke this place is. They don't let guys in if the ratio isn't perfect. Or if you don't have the perfect shirt. Never will i recommend . I hate Vegas and its bullshit like this.
*SCROLL DOWN TO END FOR THE GOOD STUFF. READ THROUGH IF YOU HAVE NO LIFE*. . :/ This review is for people who don't have a VIP table. If you get a table I think the experience would be 10 times better.. . Did I miss something? I went on Marquee Monday. I don't know guys. I think this place might be a little too hyped up for their own good. . . Should have known it was a bad night when the bouncer was super disrespectful to the group of ladies I was with. Little chocolate man with your guest list roster around 11:40PM this past Monday, what is your deal?! Why are you so angry? Didn't your mother teach you how to be a gentleman?. . When we joined a guestlist group in line at XS, they had no problem at all letting some extra ladies into the club. At Marquee I don't think they really care about girl to guy ratio.. . A nice, but very drunk group of girls invited us to come with their group on guestlist. When the girl pointed us out to the bouncer, he let them through and acted like we weren't part of their group and they were so drunk they didn't even notice. When I told him Britney said it was okay for us to join, he looked up at me like I had just told him he was an idiot and said there wasn't a Britney in that group. When I pointed out the girl in the leather dress he said she wasn't the name on the guest list and instead of going up to her and asking her about us, he straight up accused me and condescendingly said, "WHY ARE YOU LYING TO ME? WHY YOU LYING? You need to get out of this line NOW." He pushed past me and went to the group behind us. A nice bouncer took pity on us and let us cut the general admission line and apologetically told us we would have to pay cover. We didn't look especially hoochie that night so we said sure why not. At least we don't have to wait in that line.. . Big ups to the hot bouncer who noticed it was my birthday the day before and wished me happy birthday still, and for letting us in for free.. . THAT'S RIGHT! LADIES WHY ARE YOU PAYING FOR THIS PLACE?!?!?!. . I'm upset that I see so many cute girls on here saying they paid a $20 cover. Like what? If my average looking ass didn't have to pay cover, all the pretty girlies on here should definitely not have to! I think if I had paid cover, I would have been more pissed and this review would have had A LOT MORE CAPS!. . I was like "okay this place is well onto redeeming themselves for that shitty bouncer.". . So we enter in on the 2nd floor, take the elevator up to the top. Long story short. . -music sucked in all three rooms! I'm not really a fan of house but if it's got a good beat I'll dance to it! Couldn't even give us that!. . EVEN THE HIP HOP ROOM! How do you mess that up? WHY DO YOU CUT IN THE MIDDLE OF A SONG SO EVERYONE HAS TO PAUSE AND LOOK AT EACH OTHER LIKE WTF?. . -they block off the dance floor and keep everyone moving. the bouncers have these stupid lights they keep moving and it's literally like herding cattle.. . -no where to sit. if you find a place, the bouncers make you get up. . -no where to dance! they block off the dance floor and don't let anyone in or out. soooo crowded! definitely a fire hazard. . My friends left literally within 20 minutes. I left after an hour of trying to have a good time but it wasn't happening. And then..... . THE STAIRS? LOL WUT. Thankfully I was smart and brought foldable flats and the bouncer let me pull off to the side to change into them. He said they don't allow girls to walk barefoot so a lot of ladies trying to take their shoes off had to put them back on.. . There were a ton of people leaving at 1 AM. That is ridiculous. Who leaves a Vegas club at 1AM? It was that bad...everyone walking down was uttering their disappointment about Marquee. Also saw two girls eat it down those stairs. . . So funny once we all got out of the club, everyone went into that little lounge that is right next to the 2nd floor entrance to Marquee. That place was POPPIN! No cover, the hip hop music was on point, the majority of the crowd had just come from Marquee. I actually saw people leaving the Marquee line to go there. And who should I find there but my friends who left me at Marquee. lol. . I don't want to be that annoying person that compares everything to XS cuz before I went to Marquee I was going to give XS 3 stars but literally at XS.... . music is better (and it's hard to please me with house music). they love the ladies and don't make them pay!. no stupid bouncers. no stupid stairs. and best part. . YOU CAN SIT WHEREVER THE F*** YOU WANT. AND YOU CAN DANCE WHEREVER THE F*** YOU WANT
Paid $1200+ for a table, we were outside with 20 mph winds and too cold for girls in dresses. They wouldn't move us. Awful customer service. Staff was sympathetic but ultimately unhelpful.
**BUYER BEWARE** MARQUEE WILL SCAM YOU!!!!!. . Reed Reygadas, I hope you read this! The VIP host staff CANNOT be trusted. . . I had been in contact with the Marquee VIP host staff, specifically Reed Reygadas (a senior VIP host), about planning for a INDOOR table at Marquee last Friday for my bachelor party. This was to be one of the most epic nights of my life. I had spent a few other nights at Marquee and knew the potential party they could throw. Reed had verified that I had a reservation for an INDOOR table that evening for my group. I had been in contact with Reed several times during the day via text message.. . When I arrived, the host assigned to us informed us that we would be moved out to the outdoor cabanas at the same price as an indoor cabana. The temperature had dropped to about 55 degrees and there were 30 mph winds outside due to the changing weather and location of the club on top of the building. This is obviously totally unacceptable. . . They then offered to drop the price slightly... I told them that there was no price in which I would take a table that was in the middle of a hurricane. They told me that I had to decide whether to take the table or not in 2 minutes or we would be asked to leave. They informed me that they could not offer to let us stay in the club, despite them changing things on us. . . Their rationale for the change was that all tables are based on demand. Then WHAT THE F IS A RESERVATION FOR!?!?!? . . There was no mention of tables being subject to change before arrival, only after we had entered the club. Not even an indication that things might change via text message during the day when I had communicated with Mr. Reygadas. This was clearly a case of people with outside cabanas wanting to move indoors and willing to pay top dollar to do so. We were not even given the opportunity to pay more for an indoor table (I wouldn't have). . . After much arguing, they approved to let us stay in the club but would charge us $50 cover per person. . . These individuals completely ruined my huge, once in a lifetime evening because of their greed and shady practices.. . OH AND ONE MORE THING. I had just got done spending well over $2000 at their sister club, Tao, the evening before. And this is how they treat me? . . All in all, my friends and I have probably spent in excess of $20k at the Marquee and Tao establishments. . . This is how they treat people. . . DO NOT MAKE ANY PLANS THAT RELY ON THE VIP STAFF AT MARQUEE NIGHT CLUB. . . Thank you for ruining my trip, Mr. Greed Reygadas... this was the worst experience I've ever had in Las Vegas. You all should be ashamed of yourselves for undertaking such deceptive practices. You all are grossing plenty of revenue every single night... you don't need to take advantage of people who are ready and willing to spend ungodly amounts of money at your establishment. . . I can assure you that you have lost plenty of future business from me. I cannot have that night back and there is nothing you can do to give it back to me. You should be absolutely ashamed of yourselves.. . If any of you reading this review have any self respect, do not give your money to these greedy heartless individuals.
Not worth the money when getting bottle service or paying $50/man admission.. *I love The Cosmo (their parking spots green/red system, Estiatoro Milos restaurant, Art-o-mat machines, etc) but Marquee was mostly worthless the night I went.. . On Fri/12 Apr I was with a group of total 8 people (3 women, 5 men) going to Marquee.. - That night it was special guest DJ Benny Benassi (did a great set but that doesn't compensate for Marquee's failings) and it was $50/man and $20/woman cover charge.  We had bottle service so we didn't have to pay cover.. - Group I was with got bottle service, 3-bottle minimum requirement.  For the 3-bottles Birthday Boy (who paid most of the tab; he was crazy generous because it was his 21st b-day) opted for 2 bottles of Ciroc and 1 bottle of regular Crown so the tab came out to $2,100.  We were expecting $1,500 but maybe that's only if we ordered the non-premium spirits.. - We arrived at the door about 12:30 am and so they put us in the "Library," which was a lounge not a marquee club we were expecting to enjoy.  It played different music from the dance floor so in the Library we couldn't hear DJ Benassi's set.  The Library has a pool table and an older crowd, and to me was really boring.  Only good thing was the music wasn't as loud in the Library so it was easier to hold a conversation (eg with a girlfriend).. - Birthday Boy and most everyone in our group wanted to be on the main dance floor but the waitress was never able to move our table there.  I don't fault the waitress/staff for not being able to move us since we arrived after midnite, but sticking us in the Library should entail some perks/consolation (perhaps discounted bottle service, knocking off $200 or so off our $2,100 tab).  We wanted to party at Marquee Nightclub, not the Library lounge at Marquee.. - Making the most of the Library assignment, me and a buddy (the other 6 people were 3 couples so they weren't as concerned with finding eye candy) would walk down the stairs to the main dance floor a few times.. - It was so disappointing because: a) the bouncers at each entrance (about 5 of 'em) to the dance floor would not let me enter the dance floor (they only allowed people to exit the dance floor).  When I asked which way to the dance floor entrance no bouncer gave me an answer.  Really, I can't go to the dance floor in a nightclub? b) Between the main club area and the Library, it was about 2/3rd's male. . . Sausage fest + $2,100 for 3 bottles + dreary Library table = 1 Yelp star.  . I need to make another trip to Estiatoro Milos for some Greek comfort food.
Bouncers were power trippin dicks.  Place was way over crowded. Left soon after because it was becoming too unbearable with the gf... Eff this place
I Was there this pass weekend on a Sunday 4/15/13. Security's kool,  good music, but the bottle service waitress try to bamboozle me. We had made previous arrangements to get bottle service at the club with a capacity of 15 party goers. So we show up right on schedule. Everything look good skipped the long line right onto the elevator where one of the promoters handed us over to a waitress. She then walked us to our VIP area that holds about 20 people located right next to the  dance floor. When we walk into the lounge area there was already a different party of 10 occupying half of the VIP area. There was two couches, two little ass tables one for each right next to each other. Our area hold 4 standing, the couch hold 6, and the rest of my guest were standing on the walkway outside the VIP lounge not inside. It was so crowded that our waitress couldn't walk through and she was Asian tinny and really skinny. But By then she already had my American Express. She ask what would we like, so I order a minimum of 3 bottles, but before she walked away I told her we didn't fit, and that some of my guest were standing on the hall way, if passable we would like our own space. So I know the bottle service would be price about 1,500 with about 400 to 500 in gratuity. So as my guest and I are discussing to move to a bigger place, I get a security alert on my phone by American Express that if I was authorizing a charge of $3,100.00 on my card to txt back to confirm it. I was disappointed with our waitress. So she comes back and tells me that my card didn't go through and I replayed, because u tried to charge me $3,100 bucks. So she walks away didn't say much, and a little Asian boy in a suit trying to look important comes up to me and asks me what was the problem, so I ask him how much for our bottle service, we ordered 3 bottles?  if you want to order 3 bottles he said $1,500, I reply,  so why is your waitress trying to charge me $3,100 bucks.. He looks down on his phone pretending he was txting someone.. The reason was shity, he said it was to add gratuity. Me; Huh $1,600 bucks more.. Oh the reason she charge you more was just in case you wanted more bottles he saids.. What you're crazy I have never heard of your lil scam. Then he said ok $1,500 and I'll move you to your own VIP ok kool. So as we are gathering my peepz he said we can't do it. So I said ok bye.. Walk right out and had a wonderful time at a real club. !PURE NIGHTCLUB AT CAESARS PALACE!.. Thanks to my security alert the little Asian due didn't bamboozle me!.. Please be extra alert when you attend this club and keep a visual alert on the little Asian guy that looks like Jackie Chen and his lil Asia accomplice waitress, ask how mush would it cast b4 they bring out the bottles and check your receipt at the end.. Good luck y'all...
The Worst CLUB I had ever been too. To many stairs to get to each room. By the time you get up to the Library room you are too tired and the party energy is gone!! I wouldn't recommend going here if you want to experience the Vegas nightclub  scene.
Don't believe the hype! Way over crowded! Even during the week. Waaaaaaaay over priced! It's on the strip to be expected. Security puts the ass in asshole. Every time I've  been I've had a problem with security being twads. Who ever designed this place A:doesn't have a vagina, B: doesn't like any one with a vagina.! Putting 5flights of stairs in a super crowded club and then wanting scantily clad women in sexy shoes to come to said club is the STUPIDEST thing ever!  It's dark and confusing.
This place is asking for a lawsuit.. . Based on previous experience: ladies, you have to get onthe stairmaster at your local gym and train in heels before you get here. There's a chance you might trip and break your neck from walking up and down the stairs.. . Anyway, I came here with 10 girls around 12 PM this past Saturday (May 4) for the dayclub. Right when we walked up to the line, the security guard clearly had an issue with our group. He gave us a difficult time and questioned 4 of us about our ID's when we're all 21+.. . Girl 1: Smile was too big in ID photo. Girl 2: Had different hair. Girl 3: Didn't look like her since she took the picture 6 years ago. Girl 4: Looks different smiling. . The stocky, short, bald and Hispanic looking security guard pulled aside Girls 2&3 and immediately proceeded to tell them that their ID's were different girls.. . - When Girl 3 pulled out her debit card with her picture on it, he looked embarrassed. She rolled her eyes and walked away. He tightly grabbed her hand and told her he had the power to not let her in. Hun, you work as a security guard. You do not have power whatsoever. Quit power trippin. And I'm sure that shaking from the firm hand grip could be considered assault.. . - The security guard asked Girl 2 if she had anything else to prove her identity. This girl pulled out 4 credit cards and her school ID. I don't know about you, but I would never let someone carry FOUR of my credit cards. Also, Girl 2 is Thai and has a ridiculously difficult last name. However, she signed her name 3 times and it was not EXACTLY the same as her ID so she was not let in. Everyone knows signatures can NEVER change.. . - We spoke to a different security guard and asked if Girl 2's ID looked like her and he said "it wasn't his call." So... what are you allowed to do? So far it seems like no one really works here.... . - We asked to speak with the manager and he brought the security guard back over. Apparently first and last names are separate because he claimed Girl 2 signed her name 6 times.. . - Employees insist they have no time to deal with this issue. I'm sorry, I didn't know you had no time for your job.. . - While we were waiting for our promoter to sort things out, the same security guard came up to us to harass us about waiting. For real. What happened to checking ID's. If you don't like us, stop following us.. . - Of course the employees all agree with each other and refuse to change their minds so they can attempt to retain some sort of credibility. They even feel the need to YELL at promoters and girls to prove a point.. . . No respect. No customer service. No education.. . If you ever come across this bald amateur, run far far away. Or wait until he's not checking ID's.. . Although the line-up may be amazing, these employees need to get it together. The main reason any club makes money is because of the girls. Treat them better or you can enjoy your own little sausage fest.
This was pretty disappointing.  Ok it is NOT an over 30 club or chill like some of the reviews seem to bill it.  Yeah its pretty but the fact you have to pay 250+ to be able to sit down.  Yeah so no where to sit and a crowded dance floor means that you get up there and have a wander.  Thats about it.  The line up is stupid and really not sure what the criteria is for how fast the lines work but this was really not the chill dance club I was looking for.
Horrible!! 2 hours in queue
This is the worst clubbing experience I've ever had. The dance floor is tiny, so they won't let anyone on. You have to sneak past the incredibly rude bouncers in order to dance. Worse, a ring of bouncers armed with flashlights shoves an ever-moving herd of hapless club-goers ordering them to keep moving. "Where would you like us to go?" I asked two separate bouncers, who said they didn't know. That's because there's nowhere to go. They just keep the crowd moving to conceal the fact that there's nothing there and no room for it. Too many people is not unusual for a Vegas club, nor is a long line to get in, but for their bizarre approach to crowd control, I give this one an F. Stay away. There are plenty of places to dance in Las Vegas and even more to get drunk. I will say the video screens were cool, but you're not going the DJ was typical and I feel like I've just survived a mob trampling that was completely unnecessary. Not how I wanted to spend one special night in Vegas.. . Note: This review was written on Christmas Eve of last year. I don't know why it didn't post, but reading it again reminded me of how crazy awful this place was. I don't even know if it's still around, but if it is, avoid avoid avoid.
Came here memorial weekend and purchased tickets online. When I got to the club it was too packed and hard to move around. I tryed to go on the dancefloor but was told my $50 ticket didn't cover that and I had to stay on the outside (basically watch all the girls and guys that purchased bottle service have a good time) when I asked to speak to manager about a refund security took my drink and threw it on me and walked me out of the Cosmo will never come here again! My group and I had a horrible night due to this place GO TO XS Instead!!!
The majority of the one star rating is due to the club blocking a picture of my best friend and his boyfriend kissing on the outside photo stand. My other friends took pictures kissing and were just fine. When viewing the photos there was my best friend and his man smiling, two "hetero" friends kissing, the blocked picture, and then a couple kissing who were also "hetero." After the picture of the two boys kissing I did notice a bouncer giving them a dirty look but thought he was just a pathetic hater and dismissed it. That is such a huge disappointment to know that this club could be so narrow minded and discriminatory. This just adds to the appallingly rude employees we encountered on our journey to get into the club. All in all I will definitely not be returning to a club who is not LGBTQ friendly and I will be telling others to save themselves the money and time they'll waste at this club.
I have never written a review, but I feel compelled to write one for the Marquee. From my experience, the Marquee staff is clearly racist against black people, and therefore regardless of everything else deserve the lowest rating possible.. . I got a table with bottle service for my little brother's 21st birthday. Our group had 7 people. When the staff came to escort us to our table, they let the 5 people that were not black in, and then stopped the two black guys and asked them if they are with us. The guys were clearly with our group.. . Then we show ID's. The girl checking ID's checks everyone's ID, and then when it gets to one of the black guys, checks the ID for a good 15 minutes, while the rest of us wait, on the other side of the ID check. They bring an extra person to check this clearly valid driver's license from Florida, while they harass us for waiting for our friends to get in to be escorted to our table.. . After that we got into the club, and by the end of the night, both of the black guys were kicked out of the club, with an 'X' marked in permanent marker on their wrists so they can't get back in.  While I did not see what happened, I know everyone in that group. They are long time friends of my little brother's and they are some of the coolest, nicest people I know. They are not the kind of people that cause trouble in clubs.. . It is inconceivable to me that this was a series of unfortunate mistakes or coincidences. My friends were kicked out for being black and not dressing "white" enough. I expect we would have had less problems if they put on a white button-up shirt, suite and tie and tried to look extra friendly and smile extra big for the racist Marquee staff. I think the Marquee staff saw two black males and assumed they would cause trouble, so they gave them as much trouble as they could and ultimately kicked them out.. . This was our experience and we had bottle service. One can only imagine how the staff must treat black males they determine are "too black" that just want to come in and have a good time. I'll never go to this club again.
I really wouldnt have given this place a start but i had to in order to post my review.. . over priced. (we got in for free but i sure in hell wouldnt pay to get into that club). over crowded.. way too many stairs.. the attendents that work there are all clueless to anything thats going on.. music is ok. . & they say this is #1 in vegas?  i say go somewhere else. you arent missing much.
RUDE RUDE RUDE bouncers, way too expensive for guys (not worth $$$), the crowd is ok, the music is good, and the crowd is mixed, but def no creepers here. We were on the guestlist but my sis went in first w/ half our grp and I got there like 2 mins later and they wouldn't let us in. Refused us entry so we walked away, came back 15 mins later same bouncer let us in. As*hole. Two floors, upstairs house trance whatever you call it , same sound & beat over & over again & blinding lights that gave me a migraine. Downstairs had some good hip hop. Dash Berlin was performing that night. But we had to call it quits early (1:15am lol) & never saw his face. My feet were getting tired & I'm getting too old for this kind of stuff. Eh, first time clubbing in Vegas & not that impressed w/ the amount of cover charge you have to pay to get in, upside they can suck $$$ out of your credit card for the cover. Partying in Vegas is so overrated. Sh*t should have gambled inside Cosmo to get my bf cover charge money back lol. NEGATIVE 5 STARS. You would think for the amt of cover charge guys pay Rihanna was in there serving drinks off her tatas. lol
MAKING GIRLS WALK 10 flights of stairs up and down???? That is absolutely insane especially considering there were elevators but no we had to walk like dogs in heels. Completely Inhumane treatment !!!!!!!! Will never go back ... Don't know how to treat your customers!
Well we didn't get in.  We go to vegas every year.  It was last Thanksgiving time.  His shoes weren't "fancy" enough although they looked nice and fine enough for Encore's club.  Bouncers were rude.  We were staying at the Cosmo and we were told no benefit to that because the Nightclub is owned separately so I'm confused by others posting differently.  I think I'm glad now we didn't check it out after hearing about the stairs.
If I wanted to get screwed in Vegas, I could have hired someone to do it for a lot less money. I will absolutely, positively never come back to the Marquee under any circumstances ever again. If I could give zero stars, I absolutely would. I was in town last week with a big group at the Blackhat/DEF CON conferences. We decided to throw down a silly amount of money and buy a big cabana at Marquee for Saturday night. Not a table, not just bottle service, a whole cabana. A handful of our group finished dinner early and headed to the Cosmopolitan while the rest of the group finished at our respective client dinners. . . On our way over in the limo, a few people who had headed over just before texted us, frustrated, and said they were leaving because they couldn't get through the line. Worried, we showed up to find there was, in fact, a massive amount of people waiting to get in. We thought we'd be ok, since we had just dropped a bucket load of money on a cabana. Turns out not. We were passed around from rude bouncer to bouncer, and no one was interested in giving us the time of day, none the less telling us why we couldn't get in (they were terribly disorganized. What a hot mess). Finally a nicer gentleman let us know they were on a door hold and we wouldn't be getting in anytime soon regardless of the amount of money we dropped. . . I understand fire code and whatnot, but since we had bought space, we should have been accounted for. So we stood there. For hours (2 1/2 hours, actually). And watched as scantily clad women kissed the bouncers, begging to get in, and naturally, were let in. DOOR HOLD IS BULLSHIT! Our couple of friends on the inside tried everything they could, and we tried everything we could, to no avail (not even a $200 handshake would sway these guys). Alas, we abandoned our very expensive, practically empty, unused cabana and went else where (where we had a blast, I might add). What a huge, horrific waste of time and money. Go to Surrender. Or anywhere else. DO NOT BUY A MARQUEE CABANA! I've never paid so much money to be treated so terribly.
MARQUEE... i did not even want to give them one star... WELL... been there done that... I am not a fan... for someone who goes to vegas often MARQUEE IS NOT THE PLACE TO BE.... was there with 25+ppl this weekend saturday many of them who wanted to experience Kaskade.... well first off the door man said no our group was seen drinking and we wont be allowed to go inside...where in vegas is drinking not allowed??? ..... #2 ... we were told our group is to big for the club... really isnt this venue 3-5storyz?.... #3 the communication between each host and door person that talked to us sucked... no one knew what the other was doing... i would never spend time or money here again and i recommend others do the same... waste of time waste of money not worth it... especially when I saw kaskade spin for FREE on Halloween at Marquee with 7 other ppl  ... kaskade isnt there just one nite hes there every nite.... smh.... worst place ever DONT GO!  oh yeah and the foam sticks suck Hakkasan foam sticks are better!
Worst club experience ever!! I live in Las Vegas and meet some friends at Marquee. Within the first 10 minutes of being there my purse was stolen, I will take partial responsibility because I brought my purse into a club but security was terrible when I tried to file a report. Also, climbing three stories of stairs in heels is was a horrible  inconvenience!!! . . **Caution - I saw drunk patrons fall down the stairs!! There was still no support elevator for people too drunk to walk down the stairs.
wayyyy over rated. Just because they have had stars here they think its acceptable to charge evryone alot but not worth it. It was a beautiful club, ok music, house music, but I expected way more.
I had 2 unpleasant encounters with this club, and felt I was so disgusted with the entrance folks there, I was about to do what most other people do INSIDE the club (you get the idea). It was Labor Day weekend 2013, 5 of us PAID for a table next to Armin (the big time DJ from Europe), the table ran around $5K (!). We all chipped in, and when I came to the entrance to go to my table, the security wouldn't let me in, simple as that. I don't know who they thought I was, but they would simply look away and ignore myself (and a bunch of other people with EXACT same request - to gain access to our PAID tables!!!). I told them the name on the credit card, everything, they simply brush it off. Same thing happened the next day! This time one of the dudes there pretended to check "the records" and when I pointed to a guard who personally escorted my guys to the table, he said "he sees me first time in his life" - I had to change my shoes, he told me to do so. At the same time the kept letting in some golddigger chicks (who looked liked they need to retire from too many years of doing that) without any issue. The club is terrible in that sense, and when I attended their "world famous" pool party, I was laughing at the claim - my pool in Redwood Shores is much much nicer, and I don't have to interact with drunken Indian guys who cannot hold alcohol, or crazy chicks jumping on everything that moves (I have nothing against good looking ladies doing just that) - I tell you the crowd looks like a usual crowd at a town fair, not much to look at. Skip this sh--ty place an go to Liquid at Aria (much more civilized), or elsewhere.
Here are my problems with Marquee. . 1. Walking up and down 7 flights of stairs to get in/out is insanely inconvenient, especially when there are drunk people/heels/short dresses involved.. . 2. They need to do a better job of managing capacity, there were so many people packed in there it was a fight to get anywhere or see anything. The club also caters more to table service than other groups as the tables take up the entire space surrounding the DJ, save for a little space for a dance floor that was too packed to allow for dancing.. . 3. We went to the restroom, and then were told we had to wait in another long assline for re-entry even though the bathroom is in the club?? Ridiculous. . . My group ended up getting fed up and going down to the Hip Hop club one floor down. The place is ratchet, but the music is good and there was actually room to dance and breathe. . . You'd have to pay me and carry me up the stairs to get me to go back to Marquee.
Incredibly disorganized and rude door staff, sent us upstairs then back downstairs trying to figure out where we were supposed to enter. (We were supposedly on "the list".) We got to the front of the line but had had enough of the staff's abuse before entering, so we left. Having fun should not be this much work. I'll pass.
Honestly this place is over rated.. I went here twice once for the day club and once for the night club.  After going to Encore Beach club there is literally no comparison.  Encore is way less cramped.  As for night clubs I went to TAO and thought that was pretty bad.  I didn't think that Marquee would be worse.  . . Pros: . Good DJs . . Cons:. Way too many stairs (especially for girls, who wear heels, good luck). Small dance floors. Different levels that are not titled (climbing stairs for days). People are pushy in the walk ways. The set up for the chairs can be placed better
Attention to all girl, watch out for this club people stilling phone from my handbag and my friend bag too......Just when last Saturday, frist time in my life when to club and got jack from some people.
Save your money! Go gamble, go eat a wonderful dinner & drinks, go dancing somewhere less pretentious and more fun.  Overcrowded in dancing areas!!! Empty rooms where nothing was going on. Terrible layout.  Rooms were categorized by race! Weird vibe overall.
The Place Is Nice But the Staff is the rudest Staff I ever met.. The Bill it's Crazyyyy Like if you're Buying Gold ,Ridiculous..... 2 Bottles Of Vodka plus 3 plates of Appetizers we payed  $1800.. We went the Next Day to try the Swimming pool they said they need to charge us $1400  to get it.. That's Fucked up......... ................................................................................................................
Went to dayclub on Sunday and got food poisoning then they kicked me out because there food got me sick worst ever!!!!!
This club is overrated. If you want to pay top dollar for a VIP table and pretend you're a boss, this is the place for you. Tiny dance floor and most of the main floor is filled up with VIP tables. . . We went here on a Saturday night and got in gratis since we had a great hookup. You ride in an elevator up to the club. Inside the main room is amazing with cool elements that rise and fall from the ceiling, and a huge LED Screen behind the DJ. Being inside this club is confusing because there are hallways that lead to nowhere, stairs all over the place and dark corridors. For whatever reason the people dancing all faced DJ Lema instead of each other, we've never experienced that in any other club. . . We took a look outside and the poolside bartender didn't know how to make a Wet Panty and acted like I was the crazy one. What's with the attitude?  Dude, you're all of 22, get over yourself!. . We love going to clubs wherever we travel and we've been to other LV clubs when they first opened up, like Pure and Tryst. We've also been to Pure's sister club, Aura.  in the Atlantis Resort in the Bahamas and danced til 5am. Marquee just didn't do it for us. The main room was playing EDM which we love, but the music just wasn't inspiring. We checked out the library, which is pretty much the only place to sit down if you don't have a VIP table. The best room was the Hip Hop room, which was totally packed and the music was great. If we had started out in here we probably would have stayed and dropped some cash on drinks, but after the lackluster experience in the main room we were done.. . To exit the club we had to walk down 4 flights of stairs. Good luck to the girls wearing high heels, thankfully I was wearing flats and made it downstairs without incident.
Be prepared to wait the huge line outside and accept over the roof prices.
Absolutely the worst experience I have had in a club!  The place was so packed that me and my friend were being absolutely shoved around because there was no room anywhere but yet the management keeps letting people in.  Its not safe there.  If something lets say a fire or a large fight should happen many people would be injured.  People where standing on top of the low walls separating the VIP areas from the walk way and the dance floor.  Plus the cover of $20 was way over priced.  We had more fun in the smaller clubs.  DON'T GO THERE!  ITS COMPLETELY OVER RATED AND NOT WORTH YOUR TIME!
Greedy! They'll resell your table like nothing.. The staff lack common courtesy. Dance floor is packed.. Take your money elsewhere
Ok, now they say hotel guests get in free & they don't know who told me last year???So we paid 1000$ to stay in Cosmo last year & get nothing. This year we stay hotel 32 & get nothing.
Lo
