There was a wendys. Thats it in my terminal worth mentioning.  Bathroom doors don't lock.
You want good food? You'd be better off smuggling goat cheese in your boot and risking an anal cavity search for doing so than eating at this airport.. . You want scenery? Try desert.. . . You want a comfortable seat to wait for your delayed flight?  Well you are in the desert so you'd probably better off finding a cactus and straddling it face first.. . You want a relatively close connection for your flight? Well tough shit.  Oh yeah, they've got people movers but somehow they have this magical ability to disengage people's legs.  Yeah I know it sounds crazy but as soon as people step on to these things their legs stop moving and they plant their fat ass right in the middle of the walk way.  Whats wrong with your legs you mammoth!?
The surliness and thievery committed by the Phoenix based TSA employees really ruin PHX Sky Harbor from being a traveler Friendly Airport. This is also the same airport that kills drunk housewives! I use this airport weekly and have had numerous gear stolen by TSA employees at checkpoint C... Stolen items include portable hard drives, laptop batteries, USB drives and an LCD Projector.
Having to leave security and board a bus to get from one terminal to another = complete design failure.. . Having all the food outside of said security = extremely inconvenient.. . After having to play roulette with the length of the security line while wolfing down food on a short layover, there is no way to win.  Sky Harbor, you lose. Go to the back of the line. Do not pass go. Do not collect $200. No cookie for you. One star for you.. . The (considerable) amount of ill will I can summon for Sky Harbor feels completely inadequate (over a year later).
ATMOSPHERE: Clean facilities but nothing spectacular. . AIRPORT: To get around the airport you have all these silver buses that take you from terminal to terminal which there are 4 terminals and also you have moving walk ways. To enter each terminal you have to back through security check points so basically this is set up to miss your flight transfer if you are flying on a different airline. We've had multiple occasions sprinting and drenched in sweat trying to catch a flight transfer due to this set-up. I hear San Francisco has the same set-up? Atlanta you take a subway from each terminal and everything is internal so that you only go through security once - super efficient!. PERKS:  Free wireless, which is nice... but I'd rather catch my flight... . LOCATION: North of Tempe. Just east of downtown. A drive to any happening places. . CONCLUSION: Ugh... the worst airport ever...
Phoenix, phoenix, phoenix. . . You sure worked hard to make me dislike you.. . Let me pre-face this by saying I am a frequent traveler. I've flown through many airports from the East Coast to the W Coast to international destinations. I am no stranger to TSA (and their ever-changing rules) and to all the insanity that accompanies traveling (old people, kids, etc). . . Landing in Phoenix wasn't so bad and I was happy to see that they offered free wifi. . . But flying OUT of Phoenix. Oh boy.. . I'm glad I gave myself buffer time as you will definitely need it in this airport. Why, you ask?. . OLD People. . . Now before I'm called an age-ist; let's just be honest. Elderly people move slower, get confused easier and tend to not give a f*ck.. . Combine all those things with TSA people and what do you get?. . Every person in Phoenix apparently didn't know that there was a liquid rule. So people were rolling into check-point with bottles of water in their bags.And TSA, of course, was not being nice about it. . . TSA in Phoenix also decided I was apparently a terrorist as they swabbed me for explosive material. In all my trips to different destinations, I've never had that happen. . . AZ was pretty - the sunshine was beautiful. BUT .. You better comply with the 2+ hour rule because you'll definitely need it. There's nothing worse than having the elderly person ask "Do I need to take my belt off? Or shoes?". . "No sir. Please leave them on. I don't mind missing my flight or having to watch you go through the x-ray machine 3 times."
I have traveled through so many airports over the years, Denver, Chicago, Omaha, New York, Ontario, Amsterdam, Denpasar, Tokyo, Taipei, London, Munich, Kingston, Bangkok and the list goes on. Phoenix Sky Harbor ranks as the WORST airport of all time. Upon my flight arrival, exiting the tarmac ramp at the Frontier Airlines gate, I saw no electronic billboards, no tv screens and no information for connecting flights. No airport assistants or volunteers either! A TSA employee directed me to another security screening area. It turned out he gave me  the wrong directions. By the time I reached that wrong TSA check point a second TSA agent directed me to a MAZE of directions. Sheinformed me that I needed to go past the baggage pickup, out the door and far away. By that time, I had just minutes to make it to my flight back to Hawaii (home). I finally found an "assistance" desk on my way past the luggage pickup. He told me to exit the building, go outside, walk 30 feet and wait for a bus that would take me to my gate(US Airways Terminal).  He also tells me I am going to miss my flight. As I'm running like crazy, I see another man getting directions from a TSA agent! Meanwhile, I'm standing OUTSIDE thinking "what the heck!" Finally the bus came and it dropped me off at the US Air terminal. Then I ran up an escalator, across a path and finally to TSA security where I had to go through security once again. As if they couldn't see I was out of breath. I know they looked at my ticket and saw my flight time! The TSA agent held up my screening because I took my laptop out of it's case and laid it "on top" of the thin, neoprene case. "I have to run this through again. You need to put the case in another bin and just leave the laptop in the bin all by itself." Wow! I haven't heard that one in ALL my travels!  I gave a grateful smile with an apology then ran like heck about 250+ feet to my gate. They were just closing the door!!!!!!  . Sky Harbor needs a closed airport layout. You should never have to leave and go outside to a connecting flight!  Thats just dangerous security-wise. Until Sky Harbor has a seamless airport (i.e. Denver)  they need workers out in the terminal gates assisting travelers. They need TV . monitors! Lots of them! Never again Sky Harbor! Never!
I hate this place
We flew with Southwest, which was running 2 hours late due to weather on the east coast, hardly Sky Harbor's fault.  So, we didn't get there until 8:30PM on a Sunday.  All I needed to make me happy was a frozen yogurt and an open book store.  I had finished Game of Thrones the night before, and was hoping to find the sequel, or even just a magazaine to keep me occupied.  I struck out in both regards.  And then, they managed to lose our luggage.  So, in all, Sky Harbor, you disappoint me!
Worst International Airport in the United States. And I've been traveling for three decades.. . What makes it horrible is anytime you have a connecting flight you must do two horrible, extremely inefficient things:. . 1.) Walk half a mile (I'm not exaggerating) to get to the domestic main terminals - with very limited moving platforms. It's so complicated and looong that they have people in purple to guide you as you carry your luggage for 20 minutes while your back and hands are in pain. Other airports have trams and buses near the customs/terminal areas to make it simple and fast. . . 2.) You have to go through the whole security checkpoint again, despite doing it at your previous destination / layovers. What airport does this? Ridiculous. . . The only good side is the people are friendly (but part of that is because they have a ton of staff to guide you through your 1 hour journey from terminal to your next airline). . . If you must, remember to bring a redbull and do some stretches. It'll be a looooong way for your connecting flight if you travel international to domestic. . . Worst airport in America for efficiency.
Phoenix Sky Harbor, I've seen your plans for light rail connecting the terminals and the rental car center and they look glorious. 2015 can't come soon enough though --- the rental car center transportation (and the rental car center itself) as it is now is the worst I've seen.. . Why is it the worst you ask?. - the shuttles from the terminal to the RCC and from the RCC to the terminals wait until they are mostly full to leave which means you could be sitting on the shuttle for 15 minutes before it even gets moving. Other airports have no problem keeping their shuttles in the move.. . - there are a lot early flights out of PHX (like get to the airport no later than 4am flights) and there are hardly any staff around at that time so everything us slower than usual. The last thing I want to do is get up even earlier to deal with that.... . - the garages are massive and not well signed... You keep driving and driving in it trying to leave or return your car thinking, did I miss it? Until 8 minutes later you see a sign with tiny lettering pointing you in the next direction.. . All I can say, fellow Yelpers, is that I wish you luck and recommend you build an extra 30-45 minutes if airport time into your trip if you're renting a car.. . The airport itself is fine. Not a huge airport, the food options are regular old airport food options. The baggage claim/ticketing/security areas are all fine. Nothing special or awesome but no real complaints. The nice thing about flying through PHX is that there are rarely flights delays due to weather!
There is nothing simple about this airport. Security sucks. if you are connecting from one airline to another, you have to go through securtiy again. and they don't care how short a window is for  your connection. . If you have to go to another terminal to connect, there are no signs to tell you which airlines are in which terminal. Employees are not helpful. . . I hate this airport. I would rather have a root canal than to fly into/connect through sky harbor.
Poor service, long check-in process and time...total hassle. Will never, ever rent from them again.
We have concluded that anyone that has anything nice to say (Other than it's clean) about the employees/TSA/ or Airline employees (Especially U.S. Airways) has been paid by a social media company or employer  to Yelp good things. One in particularly, sounded as if it were written straight from HR...Good organization... LOL.  Anyway, believe all of the horror stories that you hear about airports and TSA. They are more than likely all true.  I'm looking for other optionsnow but if it comes down to just staying put I'd rather do that, personally.  I'll never fly U.S. Airways again. They didn't even give my husband and I seats together. After more research I discovered that this is a trick that they do to pump more money out of couples.  . . The days of "Thank you for flying with us" or "Happy travels" is a thing of the past. We all know why but the scary thing is that there are not any checks and balances In place for the TSA.  They have no fear of being as horrid as they wish. If you give them any offence they threaten with the police who are all but ready to go nuts on anybody. . . However, they were not as bad as the TSA and actually helped us a little.  Since there's a monopoly now with airlines they do not have any need to be pleasant and believe me U.S. Airways is the worst from the obnoxious and loud flight attendant, to the old nasty planes, to the pilot that says on loud speaker, "Keep it moving one bag on top and one on the bottom you are delaying the plane.". .  We had all just gotten on to board and it's as if the pilot was already blaming us for his enviable lateness.  . Nothing can compare to what TSA did and it's unbelievable. I actually spilled an ICEE  because some woman that jumped out at me and said we're doing extra screening today mam"... You know you'll have to throw that away before you get up there." She scanned me on my hand and right before I went up to the line I threw it away and missed.  . . I apologized to the lady sitting in front that saw me... Suddenly this mean old lady comes out and the girl just says there was a spill. This woman said, "Who did it" so harshly that the girl wouldn't rat on me. I honestly think that if she had I would have gone to jail right then and there.  The woman says who did it!!! Like the Soup Nazi and I just said, I don't know but she had on a brown shirt and blue jeans you cannot let her get away with this. LOL.  I swear this TSA woman had a gun on her hip and said, that she couldn't handle it and left.  . . . Needless to say it was tough right at the get go but it just got worse and worse and yes I had to endure the famous pat down too. The second Soup Nazi was giving me orders and I honestly thought that she wanted me to lift my shirt so I did.  You should have watched this bitch put on a show like I had offended her deepest core of her soul.  I feared that she wouldn't recover from the shock and I'm telling you I'm cute. LOL.  I'm not that hard on the eyes.  She recovered enough to do the pat down as if that $60 million dollar x-ray, (that most likely killed my white blood cells) couldn't get everything on my person. . . . The story is longer and crazier and it ended up that we got on the plane and then we were called off of the plane and we just left. The only good thing that I can say is that U.S. Airways did refund our money and so did Expedia.  However, we missed our trip and lost $500.00  for a psychodrama workshop. Oh, one of the TSA agents asked me where I was going. I thought that saying Berkeley, CA would be  a good thing because it's one State over.... How likely am I to highjack a plane that's going two hours away? He grunted back to me..."Berkeley why do you want to go to Berkeley" as though I had said Death Valley.  Once I answered the psychodrama workshop he had no response because he had no clue what it was. LOL. . .  . I have spoken with a friends of my mother's who was a child in France right before the Nazi's invaded. She said that America has that same eerie feeling right now that she cannot shake. I didn't really get it until Thursday but I agree now. I don't think that it's a color thing... I think that it's a new American Terrorist group called the TSA from Homeland Security and it's them or us.  We are seen as pesky insects that are trying to get them and they have to get us first. It's as if no one said to them look, most of these people are just business or vacation travelers so be pleasant and do your job.  . . They definitely need checks and balances and someone there to handle their misconduct. They are completely out of control.  What happened in Afghanistan has nothing to do with this ongoing horror that has been unleashed on the American public. Perhaps, we are just getting ready for what is to become once the Chinese takes over. LOL. . . Oh, and just because U.S. Airways claims that they allow carry-on pets every employee there treated us as if we had a patient with Leprosy with us from the ticket booth through TSA.
I would like you to know this was a HORRIBLE experience & me and my family will NOT be returning.So we were in a lay over coming from Cancun then to SFO everything was fine until after we picked up our luggage to recheck it in.We noticed the two families from our flight going into the same area but before that we have to show our card with our family members name on it well the two families before us were able to go ahead but this man told us we have to go to the side to have a man re look through all our bags which made NO sense because we literally just picked them up and the families ahead of us were able to go so I brushed it off as if whatever but in the back of my head wondered why this man let those families go through with no problem?So we got to the last station were we believe the workers name was Perea?but we heard another man call him Alvin by the first name,talk about RUDE! He asked if we had food I said one piece of a hamburger left maybe like 2 inches and he yells "IS IT PORK?!"and I proceeded to say ,"no I believe it is meat,you can take it if you'd like" and he yells back at me, "UH NO THIS IS NOT TRASH CAN" & let me inform you this is in front of my family my mother,little sister,& grandmother so we just look at each other like OK?so he informs us to put our suitcases on the machine to have them go trough so we start out with my 70 year old grandmother who's bag weighs about 26 pounds this man yells at her!Saying"DON'T THROW IT ON THERE"now tell me how is my 70 year old grandmother going to throw a 26 pound bag?!so we proceeded to put ours and once again yells at us to not throw it,I'm not sure if this man needs a nap or a raise but he was scum and deff needs to be talked to. So that experience sucked so finally got our baggage re checked for our next flight now to head to the security/TSA department now let me say something really quick I am NOT racist I am Hispanic & most of my friends are Caucasian but how I was treated in the TSA department was HORRID! We got our Passports checked and were told to go through the security as is everyone else, well we were on one side,there was a group of Indian decent men in front of us,a Caucasian family behind us & in the booth next to us only Caucasian people.So we put our stuff through the machine next to a TSA machine & also a metal detector.I'd like to know  how come the Caucasian woman working sent the Caucasian group of people next to us all through the regular metal detector but had my whole family and the Indian men in front of us go through the TSA machine but as soon as I'm waiting for my turn in the TSA this woman let the cacusian people behind me just go through the metal detector!!!!!! I'd like to say that's some bullshit especially because all I was wearing was a tank top shorts and flip flops NO JEWELRY! What could it had hurt if I went through the regular detector!!!!This makes no sense to me and as soon as I walk out the TSA machine ANOTHER woman working there stops me and rechecks me with a hand metal detector!!!! are you shitting me?! My family just standing there looking at me like are you serious?! So this makes no sense to me and is just pushing me to make even a bigger uproar.So when she was done I proceeded to get my belongings and walk out but the flapping door wouldn't push open so I had to pull it towards me to get out and the woman YELLS,"NO it's the other way PUSH IT!"seriously if it worked the other way I would have I'm not an idiot it says PUSH but it wasn't exactly even on the sides so it wouldn't. Finally we had gotten out that area and proceeded to our Terminal where all the seats were taken up and 6 were taken up by a Caucasian man who felt the need to sleep across all the chairs we tried to wake him to move but nope nothing so we proceeded to tell the  woman working can you please have him move but did she do anything??oh OF COURSE NOT so we were left to sit on the ground!! Thank you! I have to say we were so disappointing we heard Arizona was disliked for some of their racial issues and also are being attacked by LULZSEC and the hacking of Arizona police but DAMN REALLY?No wonder it's so hott it is HELL.. p.s. They say they have free WIFI but it didn't work on my Iphone or Laptop.. . . . and for a update they called me to apologize & said it had nothing to do with my race,that maybe I WAS HAVING AN OFF DAY?!wow....I appreciate them actually calling back but the least they could of offered me a Starbucks gift card comeeeeeeeeeeeeee on.
Here 100+/year.  Hellhole. Overcrowded, and not one but TWO police killings inside gate areas (passed TSA) in recent years.  Sunburnt rednecks abound. Post-security dining options dismal; gate areas too small for current traffic.
VERY SLOW SECURITY CHECKPOINT. . This airport has the worst baggage security checkpoint. Lines are inefficiently placed. X-ray watchers are overly cautious. Baggage check police when called up takes minutes to show up. Not only are they slow but they also seem to deliberately slow everybody down.. . Out of many many long waits at security over the last year, today, I encountered security slowness on my own baggage check. I did not take my computer off my bag since it does not have a magnetic drive. Computers without magnetic drive are supposed to be fine within bag since they don't affect X-Rays. However, security watcher was overly cautious so he called the police for "bag check". Police guys didn't show up for 10 minutes. Then they finally show up and say I simply needed to take the computer out and run it again The security watcher person could tell me to take the computer out which he didn't have to and I wouldn't miss my flight, neither would other people need to wait. There was also another 10 minutes wait for another passenger god knows why.. . They also force everyone to go through this backscatter X-rays. I don't know what it is and not sure how safe but it doesn't look like we have an option.
Reading some of the reviews for this airport, mine is definitely different because I never have a good experience here, especially this past weekend. What erked me the most was that the bathrooms were dirty, felt like it hasn't been cleaned for days. And it wasn't just me, other travelers passed by the stalls and just left the bathroom, even trying to go to the other restrooms, it was the same thing. And I'm not sure what side of the airport it is, but there are no outlets to charge your phone or other electronic devices, which really was annoying. If you're laying over in Phoenix, just beware that you might have to hike to your other gate and when you walk through the other terminals, be sure to watch out for the carts that give rides to people, they might just run you over.. The rental car place is a separate building and it was nice because it was all in one facility, but the buses to transport travelers gets full pretty fast, especially if there are families, so just make sure to lineup.
I've never really had an opinion about an airport, but Sky Harbor changed that.  I arrived at terminal 2, which had no signage about which airlines are in which terminals, like every other airport I've been in.  Having only 30 minutes to catch a connecting flight, I burned 5 minutes trying to figure out where to go!. . A TSA agent told me I needed to leave  the terminal, exit security, get on a shuttle to transfer to terminal 3. After getting to terminal 3, again no signage directing to gates.  I also had no boarding pass, so I'd have to find a check in window.  Another TSA agent directed me where to go.  Here's where it gets really fun.  After getting off the shuttle, you go in the door, go up the escalators to the second level, then go around the corner to find the elevators to go down one level to the ticket counters.  Yeah, I couldn't believe it either.. . Needless to say with all that, I missed my flight.  . . Going back through the security checkpoint was slow slow slow as well.  . . In the future, I will either try to avoid this airport or make sure that the flights are within the same terminal.
Don't fly through Phoenix. . . Getting from one gate to another required leaving the secure area, taking a bus, and going through security a second time, which in my case meant it took more than 45 minutes to get between connecting flights. Additionally, the planes here board 45 minutes before takeoff instead of 30 (the standard), so my 1.5 hour layover barely allowed me time to pee before boarding - nevermind finding anything to eat. . . Then we had a runway delay that meant sitting still for half an hour on what was supposed to be a 50 minute flight. To top it off, my bags didn't make it to my connecting flight, and are apparently still somewhere in Phoenix - a day later. . . Bad, bad experience. Never routing through here, or with US Airways, again.
To hell with this airport and really, to hell with Arizona.. . That hurts me to say, I met my wife while we both lived and worked at Grand Canyon, and I've spent a lot of time in mostly northern Arizona.  At one time I dreamed of retiring to a small ranch with lots of big dogs and Mount Humphreys looming in the distance.  No more, those days are long behind me.. . The combination of my disgust with Phoenix - really just a hotter, dryer version of LA -  and the unseemly politics of people like Sheriff Joe Arpaio and Governor Brewer have  pretty much taken me to the point where I don't plan to set foot (or spend another dollar) in that state.. . This airport blows.  It's huge, if you rented a car it succeeds in outdistancing even Providence in terms of how far you must travel to get your vehicle.  Plan on an extra half hour to take shuttle buses and then hunt for your car due to the extreme lack of effective signage and staff.. . And please tell me why the hell I'm paying for your football stadium.  Your team sucks, you have a (ridiculous) corporate sponsor for it,  so why are people who could not care less about the Arizona Cardinals paying a stadium surcharge?. . I'll continue to vote with my dollars, and none of them will be heading to Arizona.  As someone who flies a lot, all over the world, Sky Harbor is on my personal shit(hole) list.
(1.75 stars) Continental uses Terminal 2 of PHX, which is smaller, older and a bit more worn than Terminals 3 or 4.  The dining spots are fewer, but TSA Security was a breeze on late afternoon Thursday; they were waiting for me.  Security here claims to not have all of the newest equipment, and as a result, they screen very carefully.  It has been at least two years since I've been asked to have the quart-sized ziplock bag of liquids removed from my carry-on bag.  Waiting areas are large and not well-lit.  Travel between terminals requires a shuttle bus, and they're somewhat slow.  This is one of the worst places to have connecting flights with mismatched airlines as the newer terminals are huge, and the older ones are poorly connected.  Car rental requires a shuttle bus to a central facility; allow at least 15 minutes.  All told, PHX is neither bad nor impressive.
I hate this airport more than I could ever tell you. Sure, the wifi is free, and progress through the security checkpoint is brisk, but these are the only positive things I can say about PHX. The food sucks, the buses are confusing, getting out of here is a giant pain in the butt, and if you are a Continental customer you will be relegated to the Continental Ghetto (Terminal 2) which is by far the grossest, dingiest, most run-down of the bunch. The best part of coming to Sky Harbor is flying to another state.
You know that feeling, the one that feels like you could get mugged while walking through an airport?  Yeah that one.
I really don't like this terminal, I use it often as a layover on the way from San Francisco to Minneapolis.. . It's too hot and the domestic gates are too far which makes you always have to walk a mile to switch gates. Not even comparable to other major hubs like Denver, Minneapolis, Atlanta etc
Nobody likes me here either 0_0. . Whenever I don't have the option of connecting my flights through Vegas, I come here and act like I'm passed out on the floor until I hear my flight beginning to board xp
This place is chaotic, confusing, and the people who work here are just plain mean.  Hands down, it is the worst airport I have ever been to.
One star because zero isn't an option. I hate picking people up OR dropping them off here but far worse is having to FLY to or from here. Wheelchair service is a joke... It already is awful to need thus service they should make it easier and not make you feel like garbage for needing it. . . Then there's the restrooms. Both on the way out and on return they were worse than most gas stations I've visited. Gross. I would rather drive. At least as far as a better airport.
I found the layout of this airport maddening, especially it's rental car pick-up and return.  The rental car area is miles from the actual airport and there was no express way for the buses to get in and out.  It is an extraordinarily inefficient mousetrap that adds on at least 20 minutes to your commute.  On top of that, the rental vehicles are expensive, and there isn't a gas station remotely near the rental car return center.  If you are local or a frequent traveler you probably figure all of this stuff out, but if you are a first timer, it is very frustrating.. . This could have just been the day I was there, but the security lines were woefully understaffed.  They only had 2 of 6 lines running the day I was there.  Because of this, a bottleneck was being caused by the priority treatment that families, those in wheelchairs, and business class elite receive.  I am all for this preferential treatment, that wasn't the problem, but because the line moved so slow, there were periods of time where these were the only folks who were moving through at all.  The security folks were having a tough time simply keeping up with them.  It took 45 minutes to get through a line that was only 50% full.  I perish the thought of  what it would be like if they had a more substantial group of travelers.. . On the plus side, I found the airport clean, but that is a base expectation for an airport.  There were good food options in the terminal, but not at the gate.  Because of the aforementioned security bottleneck, you would be crazy on eating anywhere but your gate for fear of missing your flight.. . In the Terminal 4 section of Southwest, there was a bar and grill.  The food was expensive, and the menu very limited.  In spite of this massive airport, people were wedged in to small areas with virtually no room to move.  I felt like I was eating on child sized furniture.
Rental car review.. . 118 degrees.  Standing outside in the heat waiting for a bus.  10 minutes go by and I have seen 3 busses leave with out of service signs.  Another 10 minutes pass and no active duty busses.  Finally, a bus!  We have a packed bus and the driver is just standing outside.  5 minutes later he comes back on the bus and we drive 10 miles an hour the whole way to the terminal.. . PHX...pay attention.  Business travelers do not appreciate being left in the heat for 20 minutes watching out of service busses pass by.
Had to stop here for connecting flight coming from cancun. After customs, u have to physically get ur luggage (the one u checked-in) from the carousel, then check it again for your connecting flight. The problem i encountered was going to security again to go to the gate for my connecting flight. The security specifically shouted to everybody that we need to take out all liquid we brought and place it on top of our bags as it entered into the scanner. This caused so much hassle because i didnt expect they demand such a thing. I fly a lot and this was the first time they demand such. Of course since i didnt know, the specific liquid (mouthwash) was at the bottom of my bag and i have to remove all my stuff out of the bag to get it..urgghhhh!!
If you fly US Airways be prepared for a huge line. This Airport/Airline combo doesn't learn or care to learn that they are broken. More machines and a couple more people would help make the baggage/ticket process less painful.
Like most airports this place is congested with not enoughseating or restrooms. So that is average.  I give it one star for the Rental Car Center.  It's the worst in the USA and maybe the world.  First off you have to wait in a long line outside in PHX heat, dust and car pollution.  After you catch one of the infrequent buses they drive you some place close to Tucson.  Dropping off is a bit better but you still have a long bus ride to the terminal.  Great way to cut back on traffic though as next time I will get a taxi.  Or maybe just take a taxi to the rental car center....
Another poor experience at ole PHX.  New to me is that the car rental facility is not on airport property, it's about a 20 minute bus ride which I think is actually in New Mexico.  So in addition to my previous observations, you can add another hour to your day if you plan to rent a car.. . For an international airport, they sure act like a small city airport...
Terminal 3 has got to be the worst terminal at Sky Harbor. Not 1 store was open and it was only 10:30pm. There is only 1 vending machine and it had no water!! We are in the desert right?  The staff was completely rude and not helpful! If I never come back to this airport it will be too soon. Stay away.
You guys are too kind.  MacRae's review was on the mark but conceded one too many stars.. . This is 1985.  Old, ugly, worn out, and dirty.  Time to replace the carpet and the furniture, y'all.. . In 1985 no one had laptops, phones, kindles, and notebooks to charge.  In 2013 they do, and "Sky Harbor" hasn't adapted. Does the general manager ever wonder why people are sitting on the floor by the wall outlets.  There was one charging station that I saw, but it didn't work.. . Did I mention that the waiting areas at the gates weren't large enough for the number of people on the flight?. . There is free WiFi.  And unlike SD, there is more than one runway.
Putrid. Pathetic.  Podunk.. . Too big not to have some method of transportation of from the jets to the puddle jumpers. I check everything except a computer bag and purse so that's fine but God forbid you fly carry-on and don't have a wheely bag. . . I was wearing brand new tennis shoes--Saucony--and still it was a long walk after the NY flight landed late. If your destination is Scottsdale and you're coming from LA or SF or SB and don't want to drive, then fine. To transfer through this Third World dump--having been warned--well, you get what you deserve. . . When I got to SB, I met a Ph.D. in English who went through program after I did but is my age who told me that this was her least favorite airport in America and that the only reason she flew US Air was that it saved her over 300 dollars so she figured she would suck it up. . . The carpet should have been on that famous Dateline segment about germs as it looks like the 1980s carpet which used to be in the outside ladies' locker room at Santa Barbara Athletic Club which caters to swimmers. (Whoever decided carpet would be a good idea in the swimmers' locker room needs immediately to get out of the interior design or consulting biz, by the way.) . . There are no words for how bad this place is. It makes Punta Cana, Dominican Republic look like the Maui Four Seasons. The food sucks. The US gate people suck and they don't speak Spanish and I had to help this wonderful, older Mexican couple get on the plane to SB after they'd missed the connection to Santa Maria and NO US Air gate attendants (NOT flight attendants who might be from anywhere) could speak the language a huge percentage of Phoenix residents do. . . I am merely repeating the sentiments of Charles S: "Old, ugly, worn out and dirty. Time to replace the carpet and the furniture, y'all."
Beware! If you are flying on a Sunday make sure to get to this airport two hours early. I made the mistake of showing up an hour before my flight and I missed my flight back to Sacramento due to the long lines and the amount of people in the airport. It was a nightmare and I had to spend all day in airports due to this. Be prepared for a long wait!
Can I give no stars? This airport needs to be torn down and rebuilt. It feels like it was designed by some kids on a beach somewhere. It's poorly marked, nothing was open, it was spring break for some but all the vending machines were about empty. Driving into Phoenix would be much better.
TSA at Phoenix Airport (actually at most airports). . Leaving Phoenix is hard enough, but when the lines to check your baggage seem endless and confusing - you just want to turn around and go back to the resort. . . From what I saw of this airport, it's typical - nothing really to write home about. Basic food and drinks - basic gifts and such, but then - you hit this incredible line. This time it was on the Southwest side!. . Luckily there was someone who knew the routine and guided me to the correct long line. Once to the kiosk, a quick scan of my boarding pass had things moving right along. However, the movement was slow once my bags were tagged, because they couldn't put them on the belt - I needed to take them to a holding area - 6 bags checked - 2 arrived in Buffalo.. . I have been told it was TSA's security conveyor belts that caused the problem - instead of 4 running they were down to 1. I'm not sure who's issue it was, but it became mine as soon as my bags on a nonstop flight didn't arrive at my destination with me.. . TSA stands for Transportation Security Administration, but I like to refer to it as Terrible Service A-holes! I'm not sure how one is selected to work for the TSA, but I don't think it takes much - at least not for some of the positions. . . Depending on what gate you are departing from - here are some tips:. 1) Starbucks is right after security - get it there. 2) Food - eat before you pass security as selections are slim after that. 3) Don't check your bags if you want them at your final destination with you. 4) Don't expect much from TSA. 5) Don't argue with anyone in the airport. 6) Drive whenever possible. . I really believe that the best picture for this airport would be a lot of TSA folks standing around doing nothing with huge lines behind them!
If I could give 0 stars I would but I cant. Yelp should change this feature. Worst customer service experience Ive ever had. Needed to catch a flight for a funeral. I show and the line is long which is understandable. After a half hour I go to enter my info and it says that its to late to check bags. Okay no problem. The lady says can you go talk to the agent. Sure . . When I get there 2 people are in line. Over the next hour I cant believe what takes place. They are talking to the 2 people ahead of me about world events etc. There is a time and place for that shit and its not at the airport. When I finally get up there they tell me that I will miss my flight. Im glad they pointed out he obvious and I say it wouldn't have happened if you didn't take an hour helping the other 2 people. Worst service ever I will plan on driving in the future.
Stupid bitches made me miss my damn flight and I had to wait 3 hours for the next. Here's what happened.. . 1) Take a flight out of Chicago and get to Phoenix at 7am, next flight leaves at 7:30 so the gate closes at 7:20 and people on the plane act like grabbing your shit and getting off is rocket science, so I have to wait 10 minutes. . 2) Proceed to change gate TWICE within' that 20 minute window, and make sure they're on the opposite sides of the airport. . 3) Get to gate as they're closing the gate.. . 4) Bitchy US Airways attendant told me she couldn't let me on cause she gave my seat to someone on standby and told me she made last call for boarding, so I told her my plane didn't land until 7 in which she replied "oh". . 5) Same Bitchy ass US Airways broad working the front desk telling me I'm on an awards ticket so for the next flight so she has to see if I'm even "eligible" to get on it. Prints my new ticket and tells me it's in 3 hours.. . 6) Change the gate on my NEW ticket AGAIN...TWICE! (I learned my lesson previously so good thing I checked in). . 7) Ate a nasty ass salad for $8.99 and a $3 water, and waited for 3 hours.. . 8) Got on next flight and left.. . Fuck you, Phoenix International piece of shit. Never again.
The car rental center is a joke!  Give yourself TONS of time.  Talk about a waste of fuel and added pollution
I hate this airport, friendliest my ASS! From security to gate agents to bus drivers to parking cashiers, this is one of the LEAST friendly airports I have ever subjected myself to. I've lived in many cities and currently have to endure the complete crap this airport is in every imaginable way. I'm so frustrated with it I will consider driving to LAX just to avoid using this shit hole. Yup, sitting here now after getting effed by United on a code share with Lufthansa. Umm, Lufthansa... why do you code share with this abomination of an airline? Maybe driving to Tucson is an option because I am not coming back to this place. PHX? BOO!
I hate this foresaken place. To go from one terminal to the other you have to walk for two days and get blisters on the palms of your feet!!! It has the worst set up, no trams what so ever, the waiting areas are tiny tiny tiny; there is no where to sit, you see tons of people sitting on the floor. Not a lot of places to eat either and the restaurants all serve their beer in plastic cups, how classy is that for a $10 beer? I can't rate check in or security check thru's because I only experienced a connecting flight but my experience was a 0 star, nightmare!
Beware there is little to no food on the US Airways concourse A!!! I have been flying all day an finally had a layover. I was so excited to get something to eat and sit down at a restaurant.... I got off the plane and started walking to find only two sandwich grab and go places on the terminal! I was sooo upset. There are plenty of signs stating that food and restaurants are coming soon, but that didn't help me tonight!
Once i stepped off the plane it smelled like puke.  WTF?
Worst airport ever. I understand and am totally ok with being searched by another female as long as its a search that every women gets regardless of race. They are afraid to offend certain races. I wore a long dress and was searched but they certainly didn't search the woman wearing a head wrap and a long dress. They're employees were rude and bc our flight was a late one there wasn't any food inside the terminal. Don't fly in or out of here if you can avoid it,
One of the worst airports ever, I have not been treated like this at LAX or ONT even in Sydney's airport they asked me not to remove my shoes cuz they are Converse the high top, I mean what could u possibly hide in you converse, not even a pack of gum, but in Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport the story is different, my bag had to go in twice, even though there is nothing there but bunch of underwear and an iPad .. and after that they had to swab it   and search it, and the lady was so rude saying, OMG underwear in carryon, and I kept quiet .. and went through the metal detector, and beeped OK but they had to pat me down and search my pockets, and the sad part they let some people walk through with out going through the metal detector and they were really on a very bad behavior talking about drugs and street fight while waiting on the line, All that based on the color of the passengers skin.. So when they were done searching, swabing and talking to each other, they left my bad open and the told me to take it of somewhere else to put it back cuz "I'm holding up the line"... . Zero star for the worst shit hole ever. . if u wanna be all good about security then you should do that with all the passengers not according to their skin color. . . FUCK U Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport  I will never fly thru u again and none of my friends will..
Worst airport ever!!! Flight deck staff are so rude! Staff at the airport as well. So rude!!!  I live inflows Angeles and have never been treated so badly in my life!!!
Flight 2902 to Salt Lake City scheduled to leave from Phoenix at 6:45 is delayed 2 hours because they do not have a flight crew - WTH - hopefully I will be home before I have to leave tomorrow morning for NY. . . I hate this airline - they have trivial rules and threaten that if you do not comply exactly as instructed you will. "Lose your seat" according to the announcer. . . How about this for a rule - you promise to have a flight at a certain time - if you do not provide the promised flight as paid for you refund our money and provide a flight ASAP - these oligarchies have to go!. . Good for the DOJ antitrust division for stopping the most recent merger of these asshole companies - did I already mention I hate this airline?. . Have a good trip!. . PS I suspect the crew was used for another flight because Salt Lake is a terminal low occupancy (read low priority for US Airways) because they do not give a damn - not really!
Avoid if at all possible. There are an inordinate amount of gate changes at this airport, so unless you are parked next to a monitor to check on their fickle shuffling of the flights, you may miss your flight. The layout is also awkward, the charging stations few and far between, and the food options limited and not very good. Just an unpleasant experience every time I have to fly through here. Never again.
Got to the security checkpoint and it was a really long line. Then I heard a guy checking bags acting really rude and yelling at us about having to do extra bag checks because we're stupid. So then the line had like 70-100 people in line because they were doing a shift change. The line didn't move for 20 minutes AND a worker came to our side of barriers and started yelling and saying we have too many bags and we don't follow instructions when they scan our items. Worst of all, he told us all that it was our fault if we miiss our flights since we didn't know what we were doing. They took their sweet time, kind of chatting it up during their "shift change. A guy finally said something and the worker got even louder saying that people talk shit to him all day and the customer wasn't going to ruin his day. The regular man didn't say anything but the worker kept going and going. PHX definitely needs to get a hold on the behavior of their employees.... and I almost missed my flight! I made it just in time for final boarding.
Don't even want to give one star. DO NOT COME TO THIS AIRPORT HUNGRY!!! If you are transferring here, pack your own food. Basically a choice of overpriced "A" or overpriced "B". Thats it, folks. Shitty food. Priced higher than almost any other airport I have traveled through. Shocking, really.
All restaurants/bars close before 10pm?  This airport is bad. I must have walked over a mile to find everything closed.  No food, no beer, no anything after 9:45pm.  Even if things were open, there are very few choices for decent food. If you are travelling later in the day and plan to eat, drink, or just relax and watch sports, I would pay more for a layover in pretty much any city other than Phoenix.
