Shitty seating...looong ass line!. . If this resturant is your money maker, then get more chairs and hire more cooks!
I used to love this place until they just did one of the most cocky, arrogant things a restaurant can do, charge a $5 share fee. My girlfriend and I used to love to come and split an appetizer and then share a pan roast. Now they charge us $5 extra. It's not a split plate fee where we are asking them for anything additional for sharing,we just eat out of the same bowl. How is this even legal? I bought this bowl of soup and now if I give some to my girlfriend I owe you $5 more? This is just greed on its face and something and establishment will do when they think they have loyal customers that will stand for anything. Not me, I am not going back until they remove this ridiculous fee. The waitress was even embarrassed when I asked where that came from.. Said it was new and apologized.
Oyster Bar combo pan roast, $24.  A  discordant mish mash of spiced up odds and ends with about 4 big shrimps thrown in.   I don't get it?  What's so great?  I think it costs 2 or 3 times what it should.  Slightly odd slightly smirky server.  Inside a casino.  I thought it was slightly weird, but then I think the whole Las Vegas scene is weird.
Ive been coming here for a few years And always enjoyed the food. Lately they seem to be a little arrogant with actions such as a five dollar share fee and also how they take their sweet time cleaning spots even though they can see people have been waiting over and hour to sit down. . . I took two korean business partners there this weekthat were here for business. We waited an hour and a half at 7 pm on a thursday night. They were gettingantsy but i kept telling them it was worth the wait. . . Upon sitting down one of the giys ordered three ouster shooters. As he drank his first one he pulled a three quarter inch piece of jagged glass out of his mouth. We reported it and the waitress confirmed there was some broken glass in by the glasses. The waitress very curtly said "are you ok? We can call an ambulance and have you checked bu a paramedic, thats what we are offering you" . . It just seemed very insensitive. They comped only his meal and we had to waste a bunch of time with security filling out a report.  All in all i was very embarrased by the experience and will never go bck, despite the fact that i love the pan roast.
CORRECTION --. . The name of the LOUSY chef here is BOB,   NOT John.   I just visited again last week and got the names mixed up.  . . See my lousy review for Chef Bob.  He needs to get the ax, seriously.
So disappointed!!! I came here in 2006 and had arguably one of the best seafood meals in my life. Everything was so good! Sad to say, I went back in 2012 and had the worst meal I've ever had in Vegas, and that's saying a lot because I've eaten in a lot of shady places. Worst martini ever! Seriously it tasted like the pool. My beer was equally disgusting. Someone needs to tell the waitress the cleanser they use on the glasses is way too strong. Got roasted corn clam chowder and would have guessed it was canned corn if it weren't for the boatloads of silk in it! Not to mention it was probably made the week previous. Oysters were small and chewy, To top it all off, the signature grill dish came with the spicy tomato diablo sauce instead of the brandy cream sauce. Don't get me wrong, I like spicy food but if I order something I expect to get what I paid for. It's probably better that i didn't eat it because the cook behind the line was unsanitary as hell. DUDE, WASH YOUR F'ing HANDS WHEN YOU TOUCH YOUR FACE!! HAVE YOU HEARD THE TERM "DOUBLE DIPPING"? When I told the waitress of the mistake she first tried to convince me that I was wrong, I was not, then took  the sanitizing liquid tasting anchor steam beer off the check. Like that makes it better. Luckily, at least the $100+ we spent didn't get us sick. I will never stay at the Sun Coast inn because this food was so bad. FOR SHAME!!!!!!!
Looooong line. TINY oysters . $5 extra for sharing??. We came here for some late night snack, and didn't wanna pay $5 just for sharing a bow of the entree, so we just ordered oysters. But they were tiny and very watery. We waited in line for 30 plus minutes. not worth it, will not come back. . p.s the free bread they gave tasted weird.
As usual, Great food , but, the service AND the wait(even though half the bar is empty) has become unacceptably bad!There's Absolutely no reason to make customers wait in line for an extra 22mins when 6 chairs are empty, and that's AFTER having already waited 38 minutes !!! I WILL BE AVOIDING THIS PLACE AND RECOMMENDING THE SAME TO MY FRIENDS UNTILL MANAGEMENT AMELIORATES THE SERVICE AND WAIT TIMES!!
Seriously? One chef and maybe a little more than a dozen seats. Some couples were so desperate that they were willing to share stool space. (read 1 butt cheek per stool). . I feel like this inefficient system was designed to increase the hype.. . Maybe I'm not a big enough glutton, but I don't think ANY food is worth waiting hours for.. . This is also why I'd never care to eat a cronut.. . Didn't get a chance to try their "magical" pan roast and, frankly, I don't care if I ever do. You kind of wonder if all the rave reviews are actually due to delusions which are a result of hunger. Why anyone would subject themselves to the abuse of hours-long waits and slow, sub-par service for food is beyond me.
My husband and I have been here before and LOVED the food. One star warranted because . . 1. The line is ridiculous. Even with 4 people in front of you, be prepared to wait over an hour &. 2. No one under 21 can eat here! WTF... Okay what? Like WHAT?. . This trip my husband, 13 year old daughter and I came ALL THE WAY OFF STRIP for this place... WAITED in line for about 40 minutes, which hadn't moved in the 40 minutes we were standing there, when someone came and told us we'd have to leave because you have to be 21 to eat there. YES. You read that correctly. . . Never going back WITH or WITHOUT my kids. Ever.
