Yikes! Tried to go here for lunch and it was a madhouse. Some kind of incomprehensible line system for what kinds of meat you want to order, but that all goes out the window when the line is past the door. . . Really wish I could have tried some of the food, but nothing could be worth this hassle.
GROSS!! Where do I begin. I was hoping for some awesome food. My homies from work had mentioned about going here. I decided to finally give it a try. They said delicious and huge stuffed tacos. Cool, im a taco kind of guy. You walk in it a normal place. Old style fast food kind of place. The menu is basic, tacos with different kinds of meat. I saw meats I wouldn't touch but knew enough to choose the Carne Asada, Spicy Pork, and Pork Tacos. Staying away from the tongue and other things that are scary and gross tasting to me lol. Anyways, I get my order, pay and get a drink. I should of figured something was up when one of my tacos was covered in foil. I sit down and start on the Carne Asada taco. Pretty decent, mild flavor and hardly any fat. The onions and cilantro was fresh and the salsa was tangy. Cool, Im thinking maybe the spicy pork taco should even be better. It to was decent. Nothing spicy about it. It was more colored pink as an illusion to spicyness I guess. Kinda bland in flavor. Im starting to think that this place isnt as good as my friends said. Especially for the price of a couple bucks per taco. Which are small and not worth the price. They werent even stuff like the name claims lol. I take off the foil to the last taco. Its the Pork Taco so I thought. It was fatty, smelt weird and had greyish chunks in it. the texture looked like some kind of sea creature. I asked an employee is this pork? Not pork tonuge or kidney or some strange animal part, just is this PORK? She said yes. I took a piece of the so called pork and took a small bite. THATS NOT PORK!! If it is, they have some nasty ideas what pork is. I think some health inspectors need to investigate and see what they are selling as Meat, especially the pork. Eat at your own risk, this is one place I will never, ever go to again!! Until next time, Let's Eat!!
I was really looking forward to this due to all the great reviews and also because, after days of paying for $25 dollar entrees, my wallet needed a break big time.  . . Maybe they were having a bad day (I notice another 1 star reviewer went the same day I did).  Quite simply, the food was inedible.  First off, this is a place that LOVES their organ meats.  No fish or chicken tacos here so keep in mind that choices are very limited if you don't like tripe, brain, tongue or head tacos.  That's ok, we went for the carne asada fries, Abodabo and spicy pork tacos.  Fries looked awesome.  First bite....my mouth filled with fat/gristle/tendon.  Ick.  I'm a good sport, tried another bite.  Huge piece of fat.  One more bite.  Same thing.  Moved on to the abodabo taco.  First bite.   Fat.  I wasn't dumb enough to try another bite.  Spicy pork taco next.  No fat but no flavor either.  . . So yeah it was only $20 for me and my husband to "eat" but neither one of us actually got to swallow any of it.  Have not had this horrible of a restaurant experience in years.  I'm left wondering, did I truly go on an off day or do regular folk just love fat filled tacos?  I'm certainly not putting out another $20 to get an answer to that one.
They can't fool a real Mexican! I've never written a review, but after visiting this place, I just had to! First if all, they don't season their meat! I saw them with my own eyes pulling the steaks out of the packaging straight from the butcher onto the grill. No salt or  seasoning what so ever! If they think everyone is too drunk to tell, or too ignorant, boy are they mistaken! . The tacos de adobada, not close to the real deal, they seemed pasted with pink coloring. If you're hungry and don't give a f??? About the taste, go for it. . And the set up they have is stupid. You form a separate line for each kind of tacos you want!? Wtf!!!
After reading fantastic reviews we went searching for this place. Great greeting, bright, clean but I was a little sad because I am a picky eater n do not eat pork or organs. I was really looking forward to chicken but alas it was not to be. Please go but be aware that if u r picky or with someone picky, might want to go elsewhere. Sorry all.
Found a hair in my burrito!!
BLASPHEMY!!!. . I've been eating at Tacos el Gordo in Chula Vista for over 10 years and I'm ashamed this place is here.. . People eating here must be DRUNK or something.. . You guys don't even get a star. You guys get a FART from me. You get a star because yelp made me do it. I give it to........ THE HORCHATA.. . I understand this is Vegas, on the strip, so it was packed. Understandable. I love this place so much I chose to wait the 35 min for my tacos... TWICE!!. . One of the things that baffled me was how the ADOBADA HANDLER was slicing the meat, and instead of this delicious meat going on the taco as he's slicing it, HE LET IT FALL ONTO THIS TRAY WITH THE REST OF THE MEAT THAT HAD BEEN SITTING THERE FOR WHO KNOWS HOW LONG. And this meat kept cooking on this tray. -____-. . WHYYY??? please tell me why you would do that??? . . The right way? from the rotisserie into the taco. . ROTISSERIE INTO THE TACO !!! not rotisserie to heat griddle... all the juices...GONE!!! . . The cheese on my MULA was burnt -_______-. . Is it because they're busy??? No that makes no sense!! People are already waiting anyways !!. . The other thing that almost made me cry was the ONIONS... They mass cook the onions so when you ask for them they are already soggy and taste more of oil than anything else :_( . . Chula Vista location cooks the onions to order so they're fresh, delicious, and tasty.. . I wondered once again if this was because they were extra busy but... NO because people wait either way!! So why not serve quality over you guys being lazy and mass cooking onions in quantity??. . The only thing I had from here was ADOBADA... which made me sick and I had such a bad stomach ache last night I cried.. . This place is not Tacos el Gordo I'm sorry.
This place is terrible for vegetarians. The only veg option had bits of beef in it.
Wish I could give it ZERO stars. They are completely unorganized..  Every bite of my asada fries had a piece of fat. . Almost witnessed 2 fights here! . Food is gross! Don't come here. Save your money!
This place was highly recommended. Maybe it's impressive to non-Mexicans that are tired of paying exuberant prices at the casinos, but if you come here and it's busy, walk away! . . I have to hand it to the management, they really want to give the locals and visitors the authentic and chaotic atmosphere that you might experience in Tijuana. You also will need your tourist Spanish to understand the instructions given over the loud speaker. The process to order your food is ridiculous. Hopefully you know what you want and you are sticking to one type of meat, otherwise you'll be standing in multiple lines to complete your order. It took my husband an hour to order some tacos because we wanted adobada and carne asada. . . The situation was bad enough to require them to tag team, so one can start eating while the other one kept their place in line. "Stay alive, no matter what occurs!". . So was it worth the hype? No! Carne asada and lengua were chewy and stringy. The adobada had the best flavor, but not good enough to return and endure this chaos once again. Tacos el Gordo should be named Tacos el Tonto! Tontos for standing in line for mediocore tacos. Adios!!
