This is not going to be a fair review. Upfront.. . I visited the Margaritaville Cafe on 2/14/11. Apparently someone had "bought-out" the first two floors leaving only the roof-top bar available.. . The line for the roof-top bar started at the top of the stairs and proceed down a hall toward what appeared to be a bus area/kitchen. The stench of stewing garbage in the hallway was over powering. About 20-30 people waited in this line. After 15 minutes, the line didn't move and the same two guys at the front were still there.. . We left. Probably never coming back. Management needed to be doing some damage control and wasn't. It probably would have been tolerable if someone tried to get a couple of drink orders for the line.
We went to Margaritaville last night with some friends who had come to town and wanted to try it.  The overpriced food was mediocre. We started with the tortilla soup, which was pretty much chicken chili. More like a thick sauce and not very soupy. Again, mediocre.  I had the Caribbean chicken salad. The cucumbers were cut into tiny pieces with the skin left on which was bitter and tough to chew. The chicken seemed to have been defrosted, which gave it a very weird texture.  My fiance had the chicken pasta, which was the highlight of our meal, but definitely not enough food for my hungry boy. We spent about $75 included a martini and a beer, but I can definitely find better food elsewhere for a much better price.. . The worst part was the round of waters brought with the meal that no one ordered, which explained why we were never brought soda or beer refills after that, since we didn't see the waiter again until he started to usher us out with our check.  Our table of 7 was right in the middle of where the dance floor usually is. And the management stood near the bus station staring us down and tapping their toes till we vacated the table. Once one of us stood up, the bus boys were there clearing the table before we could even breathe.. . We felt very unwelcome and will never go back.
Wife and I had one of the worst meals ever. Blackened mahi mahi tacos were so salty I thought someone was playing a joke. And the Chesseburger was nothing great either. Dennys serves a better one and for half the price. The perfect margurita was ok but i definately would of expected a "wow" from the home of the margurita. It was not even close. Sorry I wish I could recommend it but just can't. Overpriced ( I know its Vegas) but if the food was good I wouldn't of minded the tourist prices.  BTW - Very loud too.  Maybe I'm just getting old.
The service here was the worst I have ever experienced...There were 5 of us and we all had a tremendously poor experience.  One group member needed to refill their drink on their own at the bar (after waiting for the waitress for 10 minutes), when we asked, the waitress wouldn't allow us to order food after an initial 14 minute wait (and then after coming back at a 25 minute wait asked us if we had enough time to choose).  When one member of our group told her that we were on a tight schedule, she instructed us to not order anything complicated or well-done.  We will not be back.. . Oh yeah, and the restaurant was 1/2 empty.
RUDE staff!  We accidentally left something behind on our table an tried to go back in to get it, but the doors were locked because they had just closed.  The bartender refused to let us in, refused to look for it himself, and instructed the rest of the staff to ignore us.  How rude!!  Will never go here again.
OK so it has been a while since I have been in a bar but the two I visited on my trip were terrible.  This was bad service coupled with astronomically high prices.  I waited forever for service and ordered a margarita. Its an ICEE with booze in it and for that I was charged $35.  Oh sure I got to keep the plastic blender like keepsake but really $35.00!. . I was here a couple years ago and remember a whole different experience with the food beverage and service.  This was extremely disappointing and way over priced even for a parrot head.
I cannot give it any better.  This place is not worth your time.  Food is nothing special, I can make a better Italian dish.  The server screwed up on my order.  No really great beers either.. They had entertainment there, with dudes walking around on stilts and a damsel in distress that does gymnastics on this scenic volcano.  It was entertaining, but this is Vegas.  . I order one Pomegranate margarita and it was terrible.  Way too sweet, I could taste the syrup and not the alcohol.  It wasn't strong at all.  Trust me, I would know.. The pasta dish I order with chicken and they brought it out with shrimp. I like shrimp too, so I just decided to eat it anyway, since the server was lame and non-attentive.  I can make a better pasta dish myself, so Margaritaville YOU FAIL.
Not only is the staff in this place completely disorganized, and unprofessional but the food is mediocre at best and overpriced. . . I asked for water 3 times, and didn't receive it until I was almost done eating. People around us who sat down way after we did received their food first, and it seemed our waitress was more concerned with talking and chatting up other tables than getting us our food while it was hot, or actually serving us. My friend ordered the chicken sandwich, and not only did the pickle look wilted from sitting out too long, the chicken inside the sandwich looked like a piece of driftwood that had been picked through by termites, and the fries were hard, chalky on the inside and cold. We ordered the taco salad, the salad itself was also wilted and soggy, and the presentation was horrendous. The meat piled on top of the salad looked like something my dog leaves in the backyard. Our other friends ordered the nachos, and found the nachos were stale. I don't think a single person at our table was satisfied with their food. When it came time to separate the checks, the waitress handed us a single bill and told us to write our names next to what we ordered. Can you say lazy? Once we did that, I handed her our cards and cash and she disappeared for half an hour. . . I wouldn't recommend this place for food or drinks. There are plenty of other places on the strip with amazing food. This place isn't worth the hype or the money.. . **The manager of the store has reached out to me since posting this review and assured me this was an isolated incident, and is very embarrassed by our experience and service. The apology and concern felt very genuine, and I look forward to trying this place again with a better result.
The staff is nice, the food isn't. I made the mistake of going to Vegas with people who think Cabo Wabo and Margaritaville serve excellent food. . . This place doesn't even make a good margarita!! For a real margarita, you need to go to Mesa Grill at Caesars! I love Bobby Flay!!. . I had a taco salad or something like that and it was underwhelming with the center lettuce being quite soggy and cold.... not in a cold crisp way, but in a not tasty way.
We were super excited to find out that our hotel had Margaritaville in it.  For a group of nine we figured it would be a good go-to spot for food and drinks.  Boy were we disappointed.  The drinks are crazy overpriced for the 1. Size and 2. Alcohol content and the food left A LOT to be desired.  The food was cheep and everyone left with stomach aches.  The place is super loud as others have said and their entertainment consists of people on stilts and a girl who dives into a blender...I guess I should use the word "entertainment" loosely.  I would not recommend this place to anyone.  I would though recommend the bar inside the Margaritaville casino - the It's 5 o'clock somewhere bar.  The bartenders have mad drink skills from the varieties of drinks they offer to the cocktails like show they put on while making your drink.  Just made me feel a little better paying $10 for a house margarita and $7 for a Corona.  If you are on the strip looking for a good, diner style place to eat go to the Peppermill down by Circus, Circus.  It'll save not only your digestive tract but also keep some of those dollars in your wallet!
I had some of the absolute worst food of my entire life here.  I like Jimmy Buffet and I live in New Orleans where we also have a Margaritaville but the food at the New Orleans location is exponentially better than this place even though it still isn't that great.  The shrimp here were horrible with the texture of gummy bears and I've never experienced such atrocious seafood.  The food was all bland and even "spicy" dishes had no flavor!  I'm really confused why they can't seem to do drinks and food at least on par with the similarly themed but far better executed Bahama Breeze chain that isn't that far a ride from here (tip: go there if you're in the mood for a tropical themed restaurant and you will be FAR happier). The big bonus is you can get wasted away again in Margaritaville on margaritas here but the bad news is they aren't that great here and I wish they had prickly pear flavored ones like the Z'Tejas chain does. I know this is the most profitable restaurant in America so please Jimmy get some quality control on the food going through here!  A good Gulf Coast boy like Mr. Buffet needs to be embarrassed to have served food like this even if he is laughing all the way to the bank.
Terrible! The food is terrible. Like really terrible. Everything tastes like fish.  How do you manage to make a chicken quesadilla taste like fish?  That shouldn't even be possible.. Service was so slow.  Took forever to get a menu, order, and get food.. And it's fucking cold in there. I didn't come to the desert to have rock hard nipples from how cold I am.
I wish I could give a place ZERO.. You know, I probably deserved to pay the ridiculous price of 36 dollars per huge margarita for not being so patient while walking down the strip.. I did not have food here, just a drink. . I ordered the blender-sized 35 oz margarita which was then filled with a few of the slurpee-like liquids of peach, mango, and lime. . . The drink was SO sweet, I could barely drink the thing.. I could not taste any alcohol, just sugar.. I started actually getting heart burn about half way through.. . As my fiance put it: "I was hung over, before I was even buzzed".. . 72 dollars later for 2 drinks that were painful to drink, I realize the 13 dollar bong-looking beverages that you can get refilled nearly anywhere on the strip are much better and generally have more liquor and taste nicer on the tongue too.. . Less financial heartburn, I might add.. Stay away from this bar/walk in place unless you're looking to carry a giant mug that says "Schmuck".
I used to come here regularly. And from my rating, you can see that that has changed. The last two timesI came were complete disasters. One time isn't really their fault but it tells you the type of people you may encounter (though you would probably encounter them anywhere). Anyhow, let me get back to the story. It's a laid-back place with a live band you can dance to. So I put my sweater on the speaker (which I've done many times before) so that I could dance without the extra bulk. To make the long story short, my sweater was stolen. I actually approached the girl who argued with me and ran off with it. And I'm not kidding about that. I admit I wasn't quick enough to go after her because I was in shock, I definitely did not expect that at all. The workers of course could not help. Anyhow, it sounds petty but I like that sweater and it's ridiculous that that even happened. I actually didn't come for a couple of months because I was still annoyed by that.. . Anyhow, I finally did decide to make another visit... Ok, so onto the actual place- food, drinks, and music. All were terrible the last time I was here. In fact, I brought some family and friends and was completely embarrassed by how bad it was. They had a new band and they were terrible. (The old band used to play the same songs but at least they did a good job). It took me a while to figure out what this new band was playing, which ended up being "Yeah" by Ludacris. That's a pretty distinct song and it's bad that I couldn't even tell what they were playing! Well, since we finally found a table, we figured we'd hang out even with the terrible music. So everyone ordered their drinks. I ordered my usual margarita on the rocks. Wow, that was also terrible. Seriously, is it possible for everything to change that much in a couple of months? In fact, it became somewhat of a game as everyone tried everyone else' drink to see whose was the worst. I think mine won. Actually, I can't even comment on the food because I think we gave up after the drinks. (I used to always want the nachos but I was afraid to try that this time).. . So I definitely do not recommend this place and will not come back (and haven't since these last experiences).
This place sucks! Went on a Tuesday night and waited over 10 min to get a waitress at our table. Just got up and left! Place looked like a ghost town!
Jimmy! Jimmy Jimmy! The service here was horrible. And we never made it to a table. They asked us to wait for a table. Well. OK.  10 minutes not so bad, even though there was 30 empty tables.  Not enough wait staff. Okay. But after waiting 10 minutes, they seated us at a bar in the dining room. Really? We could have sat at the empty bar in the lounge at any time.  I was really ready to share my smile, but, after that we hit the sidewalk for the PBR Rock Grill
This place is a tourist trap. High priced food I can deal with when it is good. I ordered the fajitas steak and chicken combo and no flavor. The onions and peppers were not even cooked just a little burnt from sticking to the skillet. The homemade guacamole was good but the tortillas tasted like plastic. My friend was visiting from out of town and I am a local but I don't mind going to places on the strip if it is worth it. This place is not. The music was loud and the show of dancing guys on stilts making animal balloons did not impress me. My friend got the island pork wrap and said it was ok but not worth coming back for. This service was ok but not great.
I am a Vegas local and I had some girlfriends in town for a Bachelorette Party. We waited 40 minutes for our table and once we sat down we were shoved in the back corner where we were unable to enjoy the live band and environment. As people walked through the aisle of our table area, I was repeatedly "bumped" which was very annoying throughout the dinner. We ordered a tower of margarita which tasted like sweet and sour infused with salt. They provided us one shot of extra tequila to share and add to our individual margaritas but the drink was still horrible!!!! Out of 9 women, no one drank more than a few sips of their drink which was a complete waste of $65! We waited a little over an hour for our meals and service was slow! Dinners were mediocre as the burgers had a half a head of iceberg lettuce on top which made it difficult to eat. The turkey club was soggy, drenched in mayonnaise & fries were warm and wilted!. . At the end of the meal, my friend argued with the manager for 20 mins and they finally discounted the bill by a small margin! None of us cared for the rude remarks! We all work in professional careers where customer service is number one and that was not the case here! . . We will not be returning to this place!
Avoid! Avoid! Avoid! Unless you like overpriced bland breakfast for $18 stay away and go somewhere nice! Check yelp before eating anywhere in Nevada! Coffee is shit and the rancheros is fucking slop! AVOID!
If I could give this no stars I would but it isn't an option.  Food was mediocre and the prices ridiculous for what you got.  Service was worse.  The menu said it had vegetarian options but all that meant was you pay for the same item minus the meat and you don't get any money taken off for removing the meat.  I ordered the vegetarian taco salad and it was atrocious.  It was a taco bowl that was over cooked and shredded ice berg lettuce, a few shreds of cheese (not even an ounce) and 2 red peppers that were the size of my pinky fingernail.  It was a joke. The service was sub-par at best.  The music is so loud you can't talk to someone sitting next to you and trying to order was challenging at best.  The server can't hear your order and you have to shout at them.  I guess that's why the server never came back to check on us or ask us if we needed anything.  We had to keep flagging down other servers or bus boys to get water refills.  There are better restaurants on the strip that will at least give you better food and service for the same high prices.
This review is for the restaurant only. We came here a couple of days ago and were very disappointed, especially for the price. Half the place is under construction so you can't eat and watch people walking on the strip. Everything was way overpriced. For the same prices you could eat at a much nicer place on the strip. I food was unimpressive. The nachos were really big but nothing to write home about taste-wise. Burgers and soup were just ok and again, overpriced. We will not be coming back to this place. Save your money and go somewhere that is worth the cost.
Jimmy Buffett creates an empire on a one hit wonder-Genius!  Parrot Head Heaven.. Went to Margaritaville with some friends on Friday night 8/30.   Food is mediocre.  Atmosphere is expected for this type of establishment.  We had the basic Margaritas on the rocks-a little pricey for mostly margarita mix.  . Had the combo fajitas-so, so.. Shared Volcano Nachos-nothing special.. If you want a party atmosphere with average food at high prices, this is the place.  For serious mexican food and margaritas, there are plenty of other places in Vegas.
horrible!  $8 drafts!!  ridiculous!
We went to Margaritaville for a BIG 50 person get together. We were the second couple to show up when the waitress (Cindy) came up to us and said she would "not serve me" at this table. Since it was already occupied by our friends. She said they already ordered and it was their table. I said thats fine and she left. A few minutes later "Cindy" the waitress came back and again told me I would not be served even after she was told to put everything on friends tab. This time i was not so nice and told her to get a Manager and she left. Well thats when she found out there was a party of 50 coming so she came back Kissing my butt . By this time I had enough and asked for a Manager again. I told her that this was unacceptable and NO ONE should have been refused service like she did to me. I would not take the free beer and for her to get a Manager and to Go Away! Well (Tom, not a Manager) took over the Table and Oh BOY did we get good serves after with (TOM) . He was willing to serve anyone with separate checks. He did it all. Tom saved my night , attitude and really Cindy.. . I will tell you one thing. I have NEVER been treated as POORLY as the Waitress (Cindy) treated us. I have also called Margaritaville to report (Cindy) as well.
To update my issue. I did call Tuesday and was told all Managers were in a Meeting. She took my name and number and promised a call back. Guess what 2 days later and NO CALL Back. There are way to many places in Vegas better then this place. This is the first time I have ever gone out of my way to complain, now I see, why bother. They dont care!
