I've been to this airport several times. I can sum it up in one word.. . Sucks.. . They should actually add that word to their name, it suits them so well. Then their initials would be MIAS (my ass).. . I'll keep this as short as I can. My first time there, we stopped into Jose Cuervo Cantina near the Southwest gates. 2 margaritas and one nachos = $40.. . On a different occasion, we ate at Sbarro's. The lady slinging the pizza in the boxes (not exaggerating, she was slinging some pizza) was in a pretty foul mood. There was a lady in line in front of us, she was there when we got in line. When it was her time to order, Ms. Pizza Slinger yelled at her accusing her of cutting in line. The lady looked pretty surprised and confused. I spoke up and said that she didn't cut in front of us, but that was ignored.. . My turn to order, I asked for two slices of pizza. She slung one in a box, slid it to me and moved to the next customer. I very politely (because I was a little scared of her) asked for my second slice. I got a wicked stank eye glare, then my second slice slung into a separate box.. . A different occasion. I'm already cautious about going anywhere after such bad service and high prices at several places. I have a long flight back home and I'm starting to get hungry. I figured a milkshake would hold me over for a few hours. Besides, you can't screw up a milkshake, right? So I go to Carvel's.. . There are a couple people in front of me. The lady is very slowly making the orders, but she's old so she can't help it. I figured I'll just patiently hold my place in line until I have to board. Hopefully, I'll get to order in time. Just before it's my turn, someone else comes out of the back and takes my order. Milkshake. She takes my cash, hastily makes a milkshake, puts it on the counter and disappears in the back again.. . I'm looking at the advertising on the wall bragging about thick milkshakes, then I look at what I've been given which is basically chocolate milk. At this point I have to board, so took my un-shaked milk and left.. . I left out several other experiences, but this review is long enough. If you have to stop here, don't waste a penny, just get out as quickly as you can.  This airport sucks. The next time I'll step foot in this place is when tiny pink elephants fly out of MIAS.
I wonder if anybody has decided to not go to vegas because of the reviews of McCarran Airport...."3 star avg? hell no, I'm going to fly to Midway International Airport instead.". . It smells in here. A lot of drunk people who are either:. . a) at the end of a weekend bender. b) just getting to vegas, took a ton of shots before boarding their plane, and got hit with drunkness on their flight over. . Also, I hate the slot machines. The last thing I need while waiting for my delayed flight is to hear the bells, stupid music, and coins-falling-into-a-bin sound effect. . . If you're lucky you can catch a glimpse of a celebrity as they are en route to their limo. I didnt see one but I did see Paris Hilton's limo driver. I was star struck and offered my body. The limo driver turned me down. Blast.
Awful. Luggage took over an hour to show up. The shuttle services are solely paid services (hotels do not provide free shuttles for their customers) and generally terrible. Use a taxi to get to your hotel!
I have flown into Las Vegas more times than I care to recall, but I have to say that this is by far the worst experience that I ever had with the TSA and the security lines. Because I am a frequent business traveller, I was able to take advantage of the first class/ premier security check-in lines going to the D gates. As always, I do my best to be friendly to the environment so instead of printing out my boarding pass, I have it electronically downloaded to my iPhone. . . After waiting in this ungodly long line for 20 minutes (there were only 2 TSA agents dedicated to us to check our IDs and boarding passes and there must have been 50 of us in line), we were told that there was only 1 functioning electronic boarding pass reader and it was at the first position all the way at the other end (our line is at the opposite end). When I asked them what I need to do to get through, they said that I would have to walk out and over to the other line. There were well over 400 people in the regular line. 4 of us came up and had electronic boarding passes. I said that this was unacceptable and that a supervisor would need to take care of us. The TSA agent called for a supervisor and we waited another 5 minutes for one to show up. When she arrived, it seemed like shewas more interested in cleaning up trash than attending to our issue. When we explained what happened, she said to just walk over to the other side and go to the TSA agent. I told her that someone should escort us over there so that the other passengers don't think that we are cutting in line. She was uninterested, told us that we should have a paper boarding pass, and walked away. At this point, I was fuming as well as the 3 other passengers. Finally, I took the intiative and flagged down a non-supervisory TSA employee and he graciously escorted us over to the scanner and personally checked our ID and let us pass. . . I have to tell you, there were at least 10 positions open to check IDs and boarding passes and having just one functioning electronic boarding pass scanner is unacceptable. I don't have this problem at other airports. I have learned my lesson as well as should you. From my experience, please do yourself a favor and have a paper boarding pass printed out just in case the system fails as it did horribly in this case. . . McCarran Airport, you have made this a bad experience for me today and hopefully this is one of those rare instances. Ignorant TSA supervisor, please go back and get some training because your behavior resulted in an EPIC FAIL today.. . At least it will be nice to get back home and enjoy the weekend. TGIF!!!
In a word - DUMP.  The Southwest terminal looks like something out of the 70's or 80's with the mauve/purple decor.  For the number of people coming through it is small and thus very crowded.  The WiFi is in and out, strong signal, weak signal.  The food courts are disgusting.  The area around Wendy's and Popeyes is manned by "Edwin" who shuffles around, and makes a weak attempt to clean up -- if only ICE would swoop in and deport his lazy ass.   . . Today, the high temp was only 81 but it felt that hot or hotter for most of the 2.5 hours I wasted in the terminal waiting for my Southwest (or should I say Southworst) flight.  Only until around 7:30 did the terminal cool down which makes me wonder what it will be like in this hell hole when it gets over 100 degrees outside.  . . Other than the freakshow of strange looking, obese, and Sr. citizens blowing their SS money in Lost Wages, this airport makes Newark look like paradise.
Abandon hope all ye who enter here. This place, frankly, is a dump. . . And while abandoning hope, abandon any thought of eating here: trendy overpriced Host Marriott burritos are stlll overpriced (underflavored, fairly disgusting) Host Marriott burritos. Never thought I'd be looking forward to airplane food.. . I know it's an airport, but I've never hoped for a speedy departure as I did there.
Worst airport EVER. . . Cross your fingers, toes, and whatever else because you DO NOT want to get stuck here. The available outlets are non existent unless you want to sit on the floor next to the electric sidewalk or a water fountain. Freakin ridiculous. . . The gates are hard to find and if you're an unlucky sonava, don't be surprised if you get lost. Unfortunately, we have to deal with it because it's the only airport really available. For me, I'm over it. No more Vegas, please.
From stepping off the plane, walking to the baggage claim, and getting your cab or rental car, one thing screams out at me from the point of stepping into this joint. TOURIST TRAP. . . This whole town can hustle you pretty hard and the airport really gives you that feel that you're gonna be hustled really hard during the week. The airport tries really hard to give you an experience that is classy and will make you remember it forever. However, it's face it, this airport has gone huge, or what I like to call "gone wal-mart" and all of its potential of making the experience for the traveler just plain awful. . . Arriving to LAS is very easy because it's designed to get you out to the casinos as soon as possible. Departing from LAS is another thing. Yuck! This is one of those airports where you will spend an ungodly amount of time waiting from line to line to get to your gate. Mind you, this is on a typical weekend in Las Vegas, where it's generally crowded. . . Las Vegas is getting pretty big. I see that they're improving their airport by expanding it, but we will see if that will actually help with the fact that their TSA workers are slow and their food options suck.. . I have had heard true stories of cabbies ripping people off when arriving in LAS. DO NOT HAVE THEM TAKE YOU ON THE 215 to take you onto the strip. Tell them to take you straight to Tropicana, which is in the front of the airport about a mile away. Going on 215 adds about 4-5 miles to your trip and about $10-15 away from your gambling money. . . Yeah this place sucks! There are going to be people sitting on the floor (maybe because they drank too much somewhere in vegas). There weren't even enough spaces for people to sit! . . Either way. I have to come back to this airport cause it's the only way I know to get there without having to drive my car 9hours from the Bay Area. . . Yuck. I hate how I have to start and end my Las Vegas vacations in this fashion.
bad.  Disrespectful TSA.. . They yell and boss around and degrade consumer.. . I saw a beautiful girl, so nicely dressed going through the  inspection line - by the time she got to the scanner she nearly completly undressed - belt off, shoes off, accesories off, hair down.  I gotta say she was hot, she knew how to dress.  TSA took her down to a polyester shift - reduced her.. . At our turn, the english-as-second language TSA agent asked my 10 year old his name (to see if it matched his ticket).  We call him by a nickname at home so he paused for a moment to think what name would be on his ticket; afterall I made his reservation - not him.  Asshole TSA said, "you have to think about your name?!!?"  OK, dude, we can't understand your accent quite that well and he is ONLY ten!. . Then my turn.  He asked to see my ID which has ALL of my names (I have many: single, married, nickname and initials)  He had an asshole comment about my names too.  EFF you.. . TSA yelled us "go here", "go there!".  Whatever.  We cooperate, but really there is no need to degrade us in the process.  TSA at Las Vegas is really bad.  Those jobs should be open to competition, not awarded to people who think they can treat paying airline customers as a nuisance.
What is good about purchasing a package deal through Vacations Hawaii is that it includes round trip transportation between the airport and your downtown hotel. I have been through this airport quite a few times now and with the help of an awesome VH escort, I have yet to get lost in the airport because of that. I must say there was a time I stayed on the strip and the taxi line around midnight was more than an hours wait! Yuck!. . This last experience coming back home left a bad taste in my mouth. I dread going through TSA checkpoints so I always try to prepare myself and belongings to make sure the process is as smooth as possible. I empty my pockets, have my liquids in a quart size ziploc, do not wear jewelry to the airport and have it in my purse, I wear sandals/slippers that can be easily removed, etc. Simple right? Well not everyone are as prepared and gets reprimandedby TSA. This time for me was sort of like that, except I was in the right.. . Ever since I got my Fujifilm instax camera (which is like a modern version of the Polaroid), I have been extra careful with the film and always make sure I have a TSA officer inspect it rather than run it through the x-ray machine so that it does not get damaged. I took my camera and extra pack of film out and handed it over while I politely asked to have it inspected.  The officer tells me that I can run it through and it won't damage. Nuh-uhh, stop right there Mr. Officer! Don't even tell me that after I looked up the guidelines on the TSA website, PLUS have the TSA app on my iPhone that you will deny having my film inspected!. . The TSA website states, "You should remove all film from your checked baggage and place it in your carry-on baggage.  The X-ray machine that screens your carry-on baggage at the passenger security checkpoint will not affect undeveloped film under ASA/ISO 800."   . . Well guess what buddy, my film is 800ISO. I continue to say it is 800ISO and he tells me that it has to be at least a 1000ISO to be inspected. At this point, I'm thinking in my head "Brah, don't even let the Waipahu in me come out!" I don't spend all that money on film to have it ruined because some TSA officer did not want to have my film hand inspected. Then he looks at the box of fim and asks where does it say 800? After searching through all the Japanese writing, I finally find the 800 and he has it inspected by another officer. Does this guy know that my Hello Kitty film cost at least $1 each? I told him I have always asked to have my film and camera inspected and never had a problem. . . This fool should not have gotten certified to become a TSA officer if he does not even know the rules himself. After I finally got him to have someone hand inspect my film, I realized that all of them are rude. This other TSA officer comes out of nowhere and starts yelling, "You gotta move! You gotta move!" Jeez, why don't you get more people working at the checkpoint so people won't go in restricted areas when the conveyor belt gets backed up!. . After passing the dreadful checkpoint, I wanted to kill time by walking around to the stores and look for some souvenirs. There was limited selection; a few keychains, shot glasses, etc. but they were overpriced and not all that nice. There were a few food choices as well: Pizza Hut, Burger King, and a few bars. Not as abundant as what I am used to. I have experienced better, wayyy better.
Worst airport I have ever been to! . Gambling is illegal in Hawaii, haven't you heard that Las Vegas is our 9th island?  I love traveling internationally but my husband definitely likes to gamble, so we have no choice but to come into contact with the people here.. TSA's are the worst.  Yelling at foreigners who don't speak English, very unfriendly, no customer service, they all have an attitude that says "I'm better than you" and I say "who's paying your wages?" . Skycaps - 2 thumbs down. We've only came across one out of all the times we have been there who made us extremely happy but it was a couple of years back.  I like to shop but don't like rolling around the extremely heavy suitcases because of that.  Now there are those that just stand around, talk story and enjoy getting paid low wages because their personalities are not wonderful enough to tip.  In December we had a ton of luggage because we went skiing and bought our own stuff, we hired a skycap to take care of it and to get our boarding passes for us. When asked how we wanted to pay for our luggage we told him credit card...the response we got "it's easier for me if you pay cash so I don't have to go all the way over there.." yeah buddy you need the exercise, it was only literally 20 feet away and he ended up going there anyway. . Airline agents located at the airport SUCK.. If you haven't traveled outside of the United States you seriously need to. We went to Japan a couple of months ago and they are ALL about customer service. If you think Hawaii is full of friendly people, Japan makes us look like the workers at LAS.. Hmm, no that would be lying, we could never be that ignorant.
Worst airport I've ever been to. It's old. There's no signage. You have to walk 15 minutes off a highway with no direction to get to Terminal 2.. . This airport is a dump.
Be aware, BE VERY AWARE! ?f you're departing from any terminal after 11pm local, you will have access to ZERO food or drink, other than a water fountain. Be prepared, you have been warned!
The food is too freaking expensive! Geez! Pack a lunch or a bunch of Clif Bars. $2.85 for a stupid bottle of water! Yeah, I get that is a desert and all that, but give me a break!
It's an airport, they all suck....  That is all.
This is definately the most depressing airport I've been to. There really aren't much shops or restaurant that's eye catchy. . . TSA here are definately rude and so robotic.
The only thing this place has is free Wifi.  The food prices are horrible!  Baggage is slow.   Slot machines take up much seating. Kiosk salesman soliciting passengers.
Hate it!  Taxis stop in every lane to drop off, tying up traffic unnecessarily.  No other airport I've been to allows this to happen. Then as I try to go around this a-hole taxi driver, some jackass in a green vest tells me to stop for no reason, no cars in the other lane, no pedestrians, then yells at me and says I can't stop here, are you kidding me you f-in jerkoff!!!  I wasn't the one who gave you your crappy job or told you to wear that stupid vest!  Don't take your frustrations out on me!  I guess some people just need to make themselves feel important...
One of my least favourite airports any where.  For such a busy airport it lakes almost no dining choices beyond fast food.  There is nearly no shopping options.  The airport design is pretty haggard and outmoded.  The walls on its many hallways are benign.  Apparently the airport authority has never heard of art work or at least windows at a viewing level for natural sunlight in many of the dullest parts of the airport.
The only reason why I come back to this airport time after time is because I'm always in Vegas for one reason or another. . . TSA at this location is HORRENDOUS. I cannot begin to tell you how much I despise these people. They're rude, abrasive and completely douchebags.. . The city of Las Vegas needs to spend some $ to remodel this airport as some of the places in this building look very dated.
Wow, the airport is close to the strip but that is about it. When our flight was delayed, we could choose between burger king and a burrito joint that didn't even have seating.  Food service could use major improvement!
This airport is such a civil engineering nightmare!. .  My latest single point of failure was arriving on Delta and having the trains not working.. The contingency play was to run one train. Not bad, but didn't service the 2500 or so people who all tried to jam into it. The escalators never work---methinks they are decorative----like a bad sculpture. . . Rental car return--problematic as the buses have trouble getting through traffic to the airport. TSA-very slow in this airport. Cabs--cab line in Vegas can be a real zoo. Coming back to the airport via cab can also be a mess as the front of the airport is designed to breed perpetual congestion.. Food--limited choices. . For a city which only exists because of tourism, it would be wise for the LV Airport commissioners to study Orlando and implement modern airport design 101.
To begin, all the TSA reps were absolute a-holes.  There weren't enough scanners open, but that didn't stop them from checking us in like cattle and shoving us in like sardines creating an absolute log jam in front of the conveyor belts.  And brain trust that is in charge of moving the plastic tubs from the back to the front fell apart so multiple people were scrambling to other packed lines to grab bins then rushing back to save their place in line before it was taken.  And the reps, every single one had serious attitude. Obviously not the best job in the world, but don't take it out on someone else, chief.. The food options are shit.  Enough said.. The airport in general has a dinginess to it much like walking into Bills or Imperial Palace... Just old and dirty...  It's that type of clean feeling you get from staying in a roach coach: you know it was technically cleaned, but there's still a grimy feel to the entire place.. . I guess if you come to Vegas you aren't that worried about the airport experience as you might drunk when you get here and hung over when you leave, but if you do either sober, be ready to be let down because this airport is complete crap.
Nascar weekend, 1 shuttle running from TSA to gates, no very smart.  Almost missed my flight.  Also on a time change day.  Your killing me.
We were flying from vegas and the to phoenix and then denvet and then sioux falls. We were told we would have to get our last boarding pass in denver, they were not able to print it for us in las vegas, unless we payed more. Even though our tickets were already payed for. We knew we would not have enough time to get that done when we landed in denver,we wouldnt have enough time for all 5 of us toget tickets and go back through security. Then we were given the wrong gate number at las vegas airport and almost missed plane, not a good experience, luckily they know what their doing in phoenix, they helped us get boarding pssses. Not sure what the problem was seems like they wanted to getrid of us in stead of helping us. Worst airport ever.
Flying into this airport is fine - but get there SUPER early if you're flying out. . . We were flying Southwest from Las Vegas to Milwaukee, and had the worst airport experience of our lives. We arrived over two hours early, to be met with what looked like a reasonably sized line at check-in. In a few moments, we realized that the line abruptly broke off and wrapped around the back of the building. We made our way to the end of the line, but, 45 minutes later, when we reached the point where the line split to make way for people entering the building, a shuffling mishap by a security guard caused us to get turned around on the way to the next part of the line. . . When we tried to explain what happened to another security guard, he thought we were trying to jump ahead in the line and sent us to the back. We tried to explain what had happened, along with the ten people with us who had also gotten turned around, and he refused to listen. We wound up back at the end of the line.. . We missed our flight, and when we explained what was happening to the check-in attendant, she told us that we could fly stand-by, but that it was unlikely we would get a flight today, because they were overbooked as it was. She said that for an additional two hundred dollars a piece, we could guarantee a spot on another flight, and in the future, we should get to the airport more than an hour in advance. When we told her when we arrived, she said that it was impossible that we had been there for two hours, because the line was only 45 minutes long. We showed her our taxi receipt, and she got on the phone with her manager, sayingthat we had ALLEGEDLY gotten here two hours earlier and had been to the back of the line multiple times due to an ALLEGED mishap. . . A manager finally came out, looked at our receipts, and okay-ed the sale of the tickets at no additional cost, but the attendant rolled her eyes and used the world ALLEGEDLY about seventeen times. Taking a half hour to resolve our issue no doubt held up the line even further, and caused other people delays in their travel. . . Meanwhile, as we were waiting, the disorganization of the line allowed multiple people to jump to the front. Overall, an incredibly frustrating experience - and not one I will be repeating again. In the future, I will be flying out of Vegas carry-on only, or on another airline.
The TSA guy that screens bags was an ASS to me!!  He was a darn grouch and he threw my bags onto the belt and threw the containers to the side!  I was sooo angry and wanted to yell at him for acting that way with my stuff!
Verbally abusive security.  Have you ever been in the airport security line forced to listen to TSA agents belittle every passenger? Me neither until I visited this airport.  Constant degredations such as "bags dont push themselves through the x-ray" "you want your property to be on the other side dont you." "I only have to say this because people don't listen, leave their responsibilities and walk away" and  "the machine isn't automatic" are just a few of the condescending comments made by security officers to passengers in line. Oddly enough, none of these things were happening while the security officer was berating us. This is clearly an abuse of power and they only get away with it because we are scared to death of TSA officers in the airports. If you have experienced similar instances please get names and report this abusive behavior to www.tsa.gov. I have to fly because of work, and I can choose my airlines, but I cannot choose what security I go through and in this instance I could not choose to be verbally abused by a TSA officer.
I expected more from this airport and its new terminal. Instead, I found this place to be one of the worst airports I have been in - and considering how much I travel, that's an impressive accomplishment. . . When we arrived, it took 45 minutes for the baggage claim to start delivering bags from our flight.  Everyone was starting to wonder if they lost all of our bags.... . However, the real fun started when we tried to fly home.  The TSA at this airport is so bad that it defies all reason. When we reached to conveyor belt for the bag scanning, the moron (and that word does not even come close to describing what an idiot he was) had to have second verification on EVERY SINGLE BAG scanned. Each bag required someone to come over and verify that it was ok to let it through, and each time took several minutes for someone to come over and hold his hand to assure him that not everyone was a terrorist.  As people started to grumble (me included), he would scowl and go slower! Either he was in training (and a weekend in Vegas is the perfect time for that) or he was one of those people that keep the median IQ in this country under 100. . . All the other lines moved at a SLIGHTLY quicker pace, but it took us 40 minutes to get from the start of the conveyer belt to the end. We did however get to listen to the snarky remarks from the other TSA agents about 'liquids' and 'laptops'. . . Then came the came the best part. As I exited the personal cancer-giving body scanner, I was accused of having something in my pockets. After a molestation pat down, it was determined that in fact, I had nothing in my pockets after all. . . So, we got through security (barely) and started looking for the Alaska Board Room so that I could start my emotional recovery from the TSA-man's bad touch only to find out that there is no Board Room in this terminal.  He got to freely cup my junk, and I can't ease my trauma with a cocktail in the lounge that I pay a yearly membership.  . . Viva Las Vegas, baby!
purchased a luggage cart to push a child seat, and a roller bag. the airport is very spread out and has lots of commercial space requiring you to walk a great distance from curbside to the aircraft gate. however luggage carts are not allowed past security! i had to hand carry the child car seat and luggage and hold the childs hands! so stupid.
Airports are like prisons. You ever been to jail? If you've gone through TSA, you know what jail is like.
Advertises they're "green" and u can use electronic boarding passes. How come I go through a security gate that is NOT equipped to scan my boarding pass then? Not only do I have to walk back downstairs to the ticketing area wasting time but now I have to do exactly what I didn't want to do in printing out a ticket. Also, if ur supposed to be "green," why don't u have recycling right by security so all those water bottles don't have to just go into the trash? Seriously. I mean, I know people don't come to Vegas primarily to be "green" but for the amount of plastic and paper that this city goes through, a simple thing like recycling could make a fairly large difference. Hopefully I'll forget about this experience by the time I come back next time.
Watch your items at the security station.  I had a Venetian mask stolen at the security point.  They stopped my friend which was in front of me and then took my bag back through the machine - which only had a purse, sweater, and the mask.  I was being really careful with it so when it finally came back through I opened the bag and it was gone.  I reported it and ask for them to go through the tape, but of course it was gone.  So....be careful.  Shame on them that is the last place you should see that happen.
Probably the worst airport I've ever been to.  Super inconvenient.  If you need to go to another terminal, you have to walk a mile and a day to actually get to the shuttle to go to the other terminal.  Whoever designed this airport needs to go back to the drawing board.  Oh and the wi-fi is not the best either.  Depending on where you are in the airport, you barely get a signal *sigh*!  Strangely enough in the "city of sin", a lot of the eateries in the airport close at 7pm and 8pm on weekdays!  However if you like to gamble, there a plenty of slot machines in there to suit your vice!
There is no Sprint service here! The airport seems better than LAX
Worst TSA Security I've ever experienced.  Rude and lazy staff, took forever and it was due to being inefficient.
I wish I could give zero stars because this airport blows. Long lines at TSA. Took me over 45 minutes to get through.... I'm not joking when I say that I witnessed as many agents as I have fingers and toes BSing with each other and slowing down everything... Atlanta handles twice the amount of people as this airport and I can get through it in 15-20 minutes. What a waste of tax payer's money.
What a dump. Stuck here on a layover?  Here's a game you can play to spend the time. Try and find an available power outlet to charge your phone or computer?   Make it interesting by grabbing some friends and see who can count the most. Good luck. . . But apparently they have no problem plugging in hundreds of slot machines. . . A disgrace to airports worldwide.
I love Vegas!  . . But I'm... never impressed with this airport at all... it's so old and is in major need of remodeling!  It always seems dirty to me, but I guess it doesn't help that a majority of the people here are drunk or hung over and probably may have had some yack attacks here and there.... but so many people visit Vegas throughout the year ... throughout the week, why don't you guys put some money into remodeling some of this?!. . And TSA, as busy as Monday mornings are for the earliest flights back home, why you no open more lanes up!?!  The line always moves terribly slow.  :c
I hate this airport, check in counters are so outdated and slow. Shuttle train sux, and enough of slot machines! . . If I can avoid this place I would.
This has to be the worst airport I ever been too. It looks like everyone here hates their job. Anytime I ask anybody for service or question I get a sarcastic rude answer. I don't know what to make of it. Should I get offended and ask what their problem is or brush it off. Just don't expect any type of good customer service. On top of everything our flight was delayed 1.5 hours and the alarm keeps going off making sirens throughout the airport. And when we asked a worker here she said it happens all the time. Good thing I had such a great time on my vacation I'm not gonna let this place ruin it for me.
Do not even think  about it. After seeing tv ads decided to try the chicken. Wrong, dry, old but the staff was having was having a great  time, quality was not a concern.
Idiots. (TSA). . Let's say you only have one x-ray machine open. How many security lines would you open up? One? Not these guys. Two - one for regular people, and one for baller status people? Not these guys. Three? SURE! Let's open up 3 different lines for one x-ray machine!! . . Let's let one queue pile up to 60 people, and then split that line into two after the checkpoint so we create a mega jam at the x-ray machine and a backlog at the check-in station. Wait, that's not moronic enough. Let's open up a third line for ballers except let's let anyone else through it that's not already in the backed up queue! And they can just skip ahead of all the people that have been waiting for 30+ minutes!. . This is how I went from standing directly behind my brother in line to about 20-30 people behind from him. I tried to point out the obvious to a few different TSA idiots, but some just laughed it off and kept drinking their to-go cups. The senior citizen at the check-in podium who created one part of the disaster just couldn't grasp what he had done by creating the 1-lane-into-5-back-into-1 choke point. He was very old, and very kind, but very stupid.. . Fuck you guys.
This airport sucks. You would think workers would know what to do or know where everything is considering that it's an international airport. Nope. Who say's, "I'm not sure" and walks away? Really? Seriously, it's a guessing game here. Our flight home was in the late hours of the night. We came into the airport pretty early and the line was mildly short. My bf tried to check us in but it froze on him. Wtf man! He tried finding a worker from the airport but no one was available. I mean no one was there. He tried asking for help from the workers at Hawaiian Air and they didn't help either.  He finally found one after searching for at least ten minutes. By this time, the line for the bag check in got longer. Thank goodness I was standing in line already, or so I thought. After the first worker walked away, my bf found another guy (another 10 or 15 minutes wait) and this one told us to stand in the shorter line because we didn't check in properly. We were finally relieved that someone knew what they were doing. Yea right... Mind you, that short line or the line I was in had no sign of what each line was for. . . We moved to the shorter line which only had two couples. OHH MUH GAWD! We stood in line for 45 minutes. Everyone who came after us on the other line had bypassed us. Not only did the airport worker screw us over, the Hawaiian Airline workers also screwed us over by making us wait 45 minutes. The only reason why they started helping us was because I yelled out for everyone to hear that all of us had been waiting for 45 minutes. I got a reply back from the Hawaiian Air worker; "please be patient, we are busy".  I never ever yell out in public places but it was just too much for me.   We finally got checked in and had only 20 minutes to spare before they opened the gates for our flight. . . Luckily for me I hated Las Vegas. I probably won't come back unless it's something important. And since I won't be back, I won't have to deal with this airport. Thanks for ruining the end of my vacation McCarran International Airport and Hawaiian Air workers.
What a crap airport.  The airport security line is always backed up and they take forever to get your ticket scanned.  Hire more employees.
what a dump.. . RUDE staff.. . security was a breeze, checking in wasn't awful. but it was just so gross and very disappointing with the non-accommodating staff. . . idk. you have no choice though, thats part of going to vegas.. right?
I have traveled a lot in my day. Been to many a ports for air travel and this one just didn't flow. Traffic jams in the cab, security line, terminal walkway, and plane runway. Get there ahead of time so you can rock out with your tunes to all these jams.
This is by far my least favorite airport to wind up going through or spend any time in. Unless you love listening to the deafening, soul-eating wailing of ten-thousand electronic slot machines, I can't see anything positive about this place.
This is gonna be a RAGE review. So don't read it if you don't want to. But here goes:. . 1 star for the shitty ass staffs. I swear, these security workers need to stop being a fucking pussy and use their fucking common sense a little more.. . I flew from LA to Vegas without my passport (because it is being processed for my Canadian Visa, which is currently taking 30 days), and it was fine, I could travel using my country's driving license and my student ID as my identification. Because I have never, in my life, needed a passport to travel within the same fucking country, in any country. Not even from LA to New York, or Boston.. . When I return from Vegas to LA, fucking shitty ass staff (before the security gate) questioned me, "Where is your passport?" And I explained to herabout my situation. And she asked me for my US ID, but I don't have one. So I showed her my country's driving license. And I showed her my Student ID. And the dumbass woman called her "supervisor", but I swear her supervisor looked mentally retarded. He looked at both of the cards. They both have my name and my picture on it. My ticket have my name on it. And they asked me if I have any other type of identifications. I showed them my god damn bank of america account, my debit card with my name on it. And I showed them my hospital card.. . And he kept telling me, "You need your passport on you." STFU, you think I wouldn't bring my passport if I could?! Especially to Vegas? Fucking dumbass, it's no wonder these people end up with these kind of jobs. And he kept repeating, "You need your passport or government ID if you are over 18." They wasted fucking 15 minutes of my time with this crap, and I almost missed my flight, because of their incompetence. It's flying local, dumb shit. You don't fucking need a passport. How did they even get a job at the airport in the first place, when they don't actually understand the regulations?. . They will never prosper nor improve in life with their brain dead like this. I don't get how they don't possess any common sense. Like a bunch of fucking zombies just following the "law" set for them and are incapable of using their own judgment.
This airport is hell. Dirty, hot and smelly. Men's bathroom had multiple broken toilets with trash overflowing. Their charging stations are a joke. Either broken or 50 people to an outlet. Pray that you only have the slightest layover.
Poker Face is the name of a kiosk shop in terminal D that is owned by Valor LLC.    . . NEVER buy anything there.  It's all overpriced and you can get the same stuff for a 1/3 of the price at Wild Gecko just down the terminal.   They also charge you a 2% up charge for CC purchases.  They don't take any returns or do refunds so it feels like a typical scam shop but Ill give them a chance to redeem themselves.  . . Their number is 702-730-0090. . The two contacts on the receipt are:  . davidpokerfacelv@gmail.com and. rockefrost@gmail.com. .  Ill check with the BBB and see if there are any complaints and ill update this review. . . Avoid it fellow travelers!!
Small packed airport. I'm a bit shocked that an airport of this size try's to accommodate so many people. There are not enough seats. No place to plug in laptops or phones. Half of the travelers are sitting on the floor. Good luck trying to escape into a bar or restaurant. Too busy. Bags do come out quick upon arrival and it's only a few min from the airport to the strip.
HANDS DOWN THE MOST DISGUSTING AIRPORT EVER! It is dirty, smells and there is an overall mugginess to their air. I guess they count on everyone being drunk when they are there so they do not notice the filth.
Can I give less than one star? Rudest TSA people I have ever dealt with. "Thank you" and "Please" are not hard to say when people are doing what you ask.
Dear McCarran Airport-. . It is apparent that morale is low amongst your employees. This is what I am telling myself to rationalize for all of the not smiling, irritated, and unhelpful airport employees.. . I could highlight your condesending and abusive TSA staff, but why bother? They're famous for their attitudes and bitter scarasm. What stood out to me this trip was that they appear to be understaffed. I'm not making excuses for them; they know where they work. However, morale and customer service might improve if you put a few extra people on staff. Just a thought.... . My second observation was your employees, because they are short handed, appear to be overwhelmed.  Some employees did appear to be attempting to help customers and perform to the best of their abilities. Nevertheless, I observed too many employees say "I don't work for the airlines" and have a general- Do not talk to me attitude. Really?! Ew.. . Arriving in Vegas is always a pleasure. The departure, not so much. Please consider ways to improve travelers departure experience.  If my last impression of Vegas is distasteful, it will influence my thoughts on when I will return.
Nothing compared to O'Hare.  This place was busy, but that's no excuse not to be clean.  I used two of the nastiest bathrooms I've ever seen while waiting on my flight (my husband said the men's bathroom was equally bad) . . . And what kind of an airport doesn't have a McDonald's?!?  Everything was WAAAAY over priced (food wise, $11 for a cold cut prepackaged sandwich!). Give me a break!  . . Won't be flying through here again unless I don't have another option.
This airport is a dump.  For all the slot machines that they have and all the traffic in and out,  you'd think they'd class it up a bit. . . TSA here are a bunch of morons.  Even during the slow periods,  be prepared to wait an hour to go through security with dumb and dumber TSA running the show.  Such incompetence during this high employment baffles me. Really makes me uncomfortable about the security level at this airport.. . And the cab line? Call ahead and arrange for a car service.  Endless serpentine of zombie like tourists waiting forever for your cab is guaranteed to suck any energy and excitement for Vegas right out of you.   You'd think with 18 cab spaces available it would move along.  It doesn't.  Only aggravates you more almost paralleled to the incompetence experienced with TSA in my 2nd paragraph.  Guess they're determined to annoy  you coming and going. . . The boarding areas are way too small.  Not enough to accommodate a full flight much less the two they run back to back out of the same gate. Bodies stacked upon bodies. . . No charging stations anywhere.  Very tempted to unplug one of the numerous slot machines so I can juice up my phone for my delayed flight.  As I write this,  I'm getting intimate with a Best Buy kiosk,  sharing its energy. . . Food options stinks.  Paid $35 for 2 bottled juices and 2 premade sandwiches.  Even the cashier apologized for the price but my kids gotta eat during the fight. . . McCarren Airport......a necessary evil.
Worst airport I have ever stepped foot in.  The directions to the various gates are god awful.  I am a pretty frequent traveler and never in my life have I been in an airport where I was constantly taking 2 steps forward and 5 steps back.  Retracing my steps because signs take you in a direction and then they stop.  Next thing you know, you're lost.  Not to mention the airlines messed up our flights and sent us running back and forth between terminals.  Each trip needing a shuttle ride.   Apparently you can't pick up the phone and call other airlines for your customers.  Kill me.  Never again.
i don't know how you can go to vegas and avoid this but god what a pain in the ass. . . Much bigger airports are better organized than this. Bathrooms are sick! how can O'hare have cleaner bathrooms then you! . . TSA here are morons. Saturday after Thanksgiving they were "understaffed" who the hell thought of that! huge lines for security and i saw several old people abandoned in wheel chairs because they didn't have anyone to push them. I bet if you paid better you could afford to higher people who wernt complete morons
