If I could give it a no star I would.  Who wants to sweat while you eat.  I don't care what the food and beer is like.  Turn on the AC ! It's 110 out!
Apparently, silverware is to much to ask for. By the time she had any interest in my experience my food was cold. I sent it back, and was assured a 'new' one was being prepared. When the same plate reappeared the plate was hot, both in the rim and underneath, and steam was coming off the veg. The now rubbery $20 fillet had been microwaved to a hefty medium (ordered MR). I was truly excited for this meal, and worse, an out of town family next to me at the bar experienced the dissatisfaction I generated. She also argued weather it was microwaved or not, and provided a list of excuses.When I go out, I don't pay for excuses or conflict. I just want a fucking steak.
Tried to dine here last night and I have never seen such an unprofessional group of people running an establishment. I was in town for 5 days with a group of guys for Spring Training baseball. This is the 7th year that we have done this trip. It is a group of early 30 year olds and our fathers. We eat all over town and spend alot of money each year. . . We arrived at the restaurant by taxi and got our table immediately. We sat at our table and were greeted by our server. We ordered a round of drinks for everyone but one, and immediately the server said that one person in our group wasn't allowed to be served until they ate a little bit. Understandable, I run a restaurant in Vegas and know liquor liability and it was responsible of her to make that decision. But then the manager who looked as if this was his first restaurant job shifted the situation and said he couldn't serve any of us. This immediately pissed us all off and ruined our experience. The server already cut one person off and the manager blew this situation out of proportion. Not only did he lose a customer but I am so irate how he embarrassed our table and made our experience unbearable. He is a terrible asset to your company and should never be able to run a restaurant again. He lost money from your restaurant from people who all work in the hospitality industry in Vegas. I expect the company to have better standards as I know this company has a good reputation in AZ
Food was great, but I got a full glass of ice water accidentally dumped on me by a server. He was very apologetic and who I believe was a manager came by and echoed the same sentiment. When the check came I was prepared to decline an offer for them to comp my meal; however, they didn't even ask. No free dessert, beer, or anything. Now the tuxedos seem a little F'd up! I ended up paying my check and walking out with a rather suspicious looking wet spot in my lap. Stay classy!
Horrible customer service. Such a shame too, since it's normally a good place to goto.
I know this review won't stop people from going here, just want management know things need to change. The food and beer are pretty decent. Came a few weeks ago for dinner on a particularly cold night. We were seated at the only open table.. Near the doorway to outside. This doorway was open and it was FREEZING! We were told we could not move tables. Nobody came to take an order, which is funny because we were near the server station to run bills. There were 5-6 serves standing there ignoring us. After 20-25 mins we got up and left. I told the hostesses on our way out. Also they didn't do anything! Very disappointing.
