I was hesitant to be the asshole with the one-star review but as I recall more and more of my visit here, I feel the Grand Lux Cafe truly deserves a big ZERO.. . Let me preface that my nine friends and I came to this hole as a collectively quiet and borderline hungover group at around 5AM after a looong night. Thatis to say, we weren't even close to our usual rowdy level, but actually resembled a group of elderly men and women who were REALLY, REALLY SORE AND HUNGRY.. . We stumbled to the front desk to ask for seating for nine. There was no one there. We waiting for another couple minutes, searching for someone to help us and found a couple of the wait staff helping other tables (there were probably a total of five occupied in the whole place) and a few people chatting near the back. Once someone noticed the huge scattered group, they ambled over to ask what they could do for us. As if it wasn't obvious already, we asked for a table for nine. The hostess told us to wait while they could find an open table and the wait would be around 10-15 minutes. Seriously? As we waited patiently yet astounded, we saw her and a few people walking around... I assumed they were setting up a table large enough for us but wondered why it could possibly take so long with no one else waiting and hardly anyone dining. . . After what felt like an eternity in Vegas time, we were sat at a banquet-style table (how hard could that have been to put together if it took any time at all?) with menus dropped off at the edge of the table for us to pass down to each other. The waiter left. He came back to ask what we wanted to drink. We said, waters, please. The waiter left. When he came back, he sloppily poured us all waters and left some of us with half-empty glasses. After asking us if we were ready to order five times in just as many minutes, he didn't come back at all. We had to flag down a DIFFERENT waiter to take down our simple-as-it-gets breakfast orders. Once that was all situated, it was purely a waiting game. . . 10 minutes went by... 20... 30... by 40, everyone had forgotten why we were even there and I was straining to find ANYONE who worked in the place to ask where the F our food was. As if they decided it was long enough, by 50 or 60 minutes, our food showed up. Eggs, bacon, sausage, etc. You'd think with that kind of preparation time they could also get these beginner dishes right. Some dishes came with extra sides of meats that were never ordered but would later be charged e$$$tra; some came without the sides they were promised; and one or two dishes were forgotten altogether.. . When the bill came just as late as the food, we realized we had been had. The cheap dishes were almost doubled the cost on the menu bc the waiter never informed us of how much a side of three slices of bacon would cost, and some extras were brought out even without our consent. But we were over it. So, so over it. We paid the bill and left just as quietly as we came. Though I really wish we would have just dined and dashed (which is something my friends and I do not have the heart to do but it seemed so appropriate at the time).. . Never again.
honestly.. the food is good. BUT the service is SO BAD! They take FOREVER to take your order. If you try to place it by phone, you will be on hold for 15-20 minutes before it hangs upon you. When you go down to place the order, the people working there seem to have a kindergarten education. SO slow!! The food takes forever to get done, and you wait, and wait and wait. . The people working there could be just a bit slower and they would work backwards. Seriously.. Once they finally get your food out, its the WRONG order, NOT what you ordered at all. . For example: order 3 poached eggs and side of bread, simple right? One may think so. BUT after paying $15!!!!!!!!!!! for that crap i get after 30 minutes of waiting: Poached eggs, hashbrowns, no bread. Then they tell me they have no bread.. I ask.. weird because I go here at least 3 times a week and order the same freaking thing EVERY time! They bring me toast. At this point, Im just so pissed off, and leave. Never to return again.. . thanks grand lux!
Whoever cooks the food during the early AM shift is in dire need of professional development!!!  I ate here at around 4:30am after an epic night on the Vegas Strip.  Famished beyond belief and very dehydrated, we arrived ready to eat!  I ordered the chicken and waffles, expecting the best chicken and waffles of my life because the menu description made it sound ritzy.  Honestly, it was disgusting -- dry chicken coated in batter that was still gooey inside, a flavorless dry waffle, and synthetic tasting syrup and melted butter.  Even I in my disorganized stupor could not allow myself to finish this meal.  You're MUCH better off at Denny's in the early morning.
In a word ... HORRENDOUS!!!!  That's how I would describe the service staff during my last and final visit at the Venetian's Grand Lux.   The food .... I will give it a "slightly better than lousy".. . I have been a satisfied patron at both locations (the one at the Palazzo and the Venetian) several times before, however, this particular visit was just truly horrible.  Our waiter was absolutely dreadful ... he was about as useless as the guy at the Genius Bar at the Apple store when you're asking for help and you happen to NOT have an appointment.  Our food arrived way way late, in fact, the people on the table next to us were being served their dessert by the time we got our entree ... and they freaking arrived and ordered several minutes after us.  Our drinks were neither refilled nor removed once we were finished with them ... and none of our small appetizer plates were removed during the entire length of service.  I realize that this is no MIchelin star joint ... but come on we deserve better than that. . . As for the food ... well, it's difficult not to dislike it given the service or lack thereof.  The calamari was pretty much just eating fried batter or as my friend would describe it "deep fried tire parts".  The miso salmon was under-seasoned and just plain inedible .. as well as the shrimp scampi that I had the misfortune of ordering.  Funny thing is, I've had these dishes in the past and I know they can be good ... but this occasion must've been Amateur Chef night in the back.. . I will never go back to this place and I advise the rest to avoid this place the same way you would an unleashed dog that happens to be foaming at the mouth with it's owner nowhere in the vicinity.  If you really feel the need to ... check out the other location at the Palazzo (it's only a few steps away) ... at least the last time I checked it out, they didn't have servers who thought they still worked at the DMV!
What a disappointment. :(. lets start with services for breakfast. slow and not tentative at all. We were there this morning even though they were not busy the service was slow. The server told us about the breakfast buffet, honestly they should not have this at all, because it is not a buffet's review is for their breakfast buffet and their breakfast service. They had a omelet station and fruit station. Not a good selection. . . Now this review is for breakfast, the server only came once to refile our coffee, before we ordered anything, we placed an order for "benue" sp.. the server told us that it will take 10-12 minutes to get it. No problem since we had not even eaten yet. The server was MIA, since we could not get any services and i Finlay saw him and inquired about our desert an hour later, he told us he was not sure what happened since the food runners bring out the food and he though we already got the food. don't you think we would have liked some coffee or something to drink with the deserts? . . Not a place to go for breakfast.
service sucks; they're super rude when you're inebriated (not that i was) and the food is mediocre. think big portions of deep fried blah food.. . terrible. don't do it!! . . (one star because i went 2x and the 2nd time was MARGINALLY better & i can't give a lower rating than one)
This place flat out sucked. . . First of all, the temperature was FREEZING.  They explained that it was the casino that set the temperature of the place, but the casino was where I dreamed of being.  I was shivering the whole meal with goosebumps and my am hair standing on end.  It was uncomfortable to the point that I almost went to the shops to buy a sweater.  Hmmm, maybe that was the point? . . The food wasn't good either.  I had the Sunday night pasta (short rib sugo basically) and it was not seasoned at all and had an icky taste.  Boyfriend had an Asian chicken dish that he ordered spicy, but it was sickly sweet.  . . All in all, will not be returning.  I wasn't shocked that this is related to the Cheesecake Factory, but I think this place is a step down (which isn't saying much).
I went to eat here a few times.  The first time, I forgot what I ordered.  The second time i ordered pasta which was decent.  The third time i ordered the mushroom burger and it was disgusting.  They had the mushroom and the meat blended together.
My god, never, ever again.. . We came here at about 11:30 on a Tuesday morning for a late breakast/lunch. They were just putting away the breakfast buffet, so seeing that I decided to order from their all day breakfast menu. My husband is a chef, formerly at a hotel, and warned me that it would probably be the worst time of day to be ordering a breakfast since the cooks are winding down from making breakfast probably since about 5AM. Stupidly, I ignored him and ordered it anyway.. . I ordered the eggs anyway meal: two eggs, hash browns, bacon, and sourdough toast. Everything was bland and overcooked. My bacon was burnt and flavorless, the hash browns were dry, and my eggs tasted like rubber, and my toast was cold. I would have complained to my server if I could have found her. Unfortunately after a few minutes my hunger got the best of me and I ate the crap anyhow.. . My husband's vegetable soup was not any better. He found several vegetable ends in his small cup, and TWO bay leaves. I'd hate to think how many bay leaves the stock pot had in it if two ended up in his tiny cup.. . And as I intimated before, our service was AWFUL. We ordered at 11:40 and didn't receive our food until 12:15. And our server was nowhere to be found in the interim. I think she just waited in the kitchen until her orders were up, delivered them and went straight back to the kitchen to wait again instead of checking up on her tables.. . The food and the service were terrible, which is a shame since when we initially arrived I thought to myself that I wanted to get up earlier the next day to get their breakfast buffet. After this experience, I will NEVER go back.
After 54 min from checking in on facebook, the food just came, even though 5 tables next to us each with 5 people on, got their foods 15 minutes ago. This place will not be visited by me again. . This will be awarded the ESHEG award. Coming soon on www. ESHEG.com
Walked out due to unfriendly hostesses, and our server never showing his face for ten minutes! Hostess went to find our server, and he totally ignored our table when he came out. And, we are guests of Palazzo. BAD experience.
Long wait, food was weak. Even Ray Charles could see this meal was a fail.
The restaurant reeked of cleaning chemicals and gave me and all my friends headaches.. . Brunch buffet options were scrambled eggs, hash browns, pancakes, a fruit plate, pastries, and an omelet station. In short, the exact opposite of what you go to a Vegas buffet for.. .  For essentially the same price you could have gone to the Wicked Spoon instead - that place was fantastic.. . TLDR - compensates for a pathetic buffet by making you feel too sick to eat.
I called ahead for wait time, the hostesses sounded like she was half sleep. When we got there there were 2 lines and no one knew what to do. I walked up and the half-sleeping hostess quoted me 10-15 minutes. We waited in line for 30 minutes and they sat us at 12:05. We had gone there for breakfast, the server refused to serve breakfast because it was 5 mintues past 12.
I have been to this place many times - over 10 times with clients.  Each time, we have enjoyed our meals.  . . However, on this specific occasion, I decided to take my wife, mother-in-law, and baby daughter out for mother's day.. . I have to admit that this was TRULY TRULY disappointing.  We arrived around 4:30pm and the place was not crowded (1/4 full).. . Our server sporadically came to our table.  However, much of the time, she ignored us.  She only came when we had to WAVE her down or ask someone to attend to us.  This is a definite no no for this type of restaurant.  The franchise owner should be utterly embarrass!. . If the service was bad, the food was downright awful.  . . My mother-in-law ordered the 3 way cooked Salmon.  She specifically stated not to overcooked the salmon.  Of course, it came out hard and not flaky.. . My wife ordered the Kobe Meatballs.  It was dry and hard to eat.  You can tell that it was microwaved!. . And, the third strike, I order my usual, Braised pot roast.  Usually, it is tender.  However, it was dry and inedible.  It was hard as a rock.  It looked like it was sitting out and someone decided to NUKE the dish.  It has been a while since I have ever done this at a restaurant, I actually had to ask them to redo the dish.  The second dish was better, but it was still bad. . . With appetizers and drinks, the bill was over 100.  It was 100 too much for the service and type of food quality.. . We were so upset after the meal.  In fact, there is no doubt that they have lost us as "regular" customers.  This is the last time that this customer will ever come here again.  Ugghhh!!
Disgusting food, terrible service, dismissive management.. . Group was seated at 11:30 and greeted by our server about ten minutes afterward.  We were able to put in our order by 11:55, but the food did not arrive until 1:20.  Our table was not served bread.  We had to flag the server down for drink and water refills.  We watched entire tables of people sit down, order, eat, and leave in time while we were waiting for our food.. . Our server repeatedly assured us that the food would be served soon, and a manager named Lisa even came by (after about an hour) to tell us that our orders would be up soon.  When the food finally did come, it was cold, had clearly been sitting, and was damn near inedible.. . I had Zen Noodles - described as pho on the menu, but in reality it was canned chicken broth (cold by the time it was served) poured over a clump of rice noodles with sliced chicken.  I was so disappointed - no seasoning, no flavor...just a lot of bland, cold, blech.. . No one else in my group even came close to finishing or even enjoying their meal.  The "extensive menu" is full of previously frozen/processed/reconstituted crap.  The food was below Denny's in terms of quality or tastiness.  . . I think the icing on the cake was when we let our server know that we'd like the check.  20 minutes later, she delivers the check.  One in our group was leaving from the restaurant to the airport for her 3:30pm flight, so she asked if she could close out first.  The server said yes, grabbed the check, and we watched her go EVERYWHERE EXCEPT THE POS TO CLOSE OUT THE CHECK...checking on other customers, talking to another server...it was almost like she was wandering around looking for something else to do just so that my friend would miss her plane.  When we asked the manager, Lisa, for help, she walked away from me and told me that they were really busy and the server would take care it when she could.. . Would never come back.  Hope this tourist trap hellhole gets converted into a roller skating rink or a dog salon or something useful.
SAVE YOURSELF! DO NOT EAT HERE (unless you like bugs)! . . After a long flight and checking into our hotel at the Venetian we wanted quick and easy food. My boyfriend ordered a 7&7 and after taking a big gulp he realized there were probably about 50-75 bugs floating in it! . . How the hell could this happen? I have no idea- but I am going to give them the benefit of the doubt that it was a horrible mishap and carry on (ASSUMING THERE WOULD BE COMPENSATION AND AN APOLOGY OF SOME SORT). We'll I assumed wrong. We went on with our dinner (I got the Gnocchi which was inedible and aside from all of that, I had dried food on the inside of my glass). . . Got the bill and we were charged for everything. Our server was very nice and sent the manager over. This guy, however, was a joke. He was extremely defensive and rude. He was annoyed by the entire thing and gave a lot of attitude. I'm sorry but I just drank BUGS ate YOUR restaurant. You could at least comp ONE beverage. He grumbled, walked away without saying anything to us to resolve it. Later the server brought us back our check with the bug drink taken off. . . I would recommend this place if you like extra protein in your drinks :)
My friend and I came here around 2 in the morning for a late dinner. I ordered the Asian Nachos and Shaking Beef. The nachos came out first as an appetizer, I took a bite, and all I can say was it was extremely salty. Both of us couldn't touch anymore of it. My Shaking Beef came out and the filet mignon was very dry and not flavorful at all. It tasted like it was overcooked, yet I asked for it to be medium-rare. The sauce was very salty as well. My friend had the Kobe Burger, and he said it was overly salty as well. This place must be only good when you're drunk, since it seems the chef'sfavorite seasoning is extra salt.. Our server was quite attentive and friendly, but then again, we were the only guests at the time.. Wouldn't recommend this place, nor come back whenever I'm back in Vegas.
I usually am very satisfied everytime i come here. However this time around, i brought my baby and in laws and the service was so dang slow and horrible. Im waiting with my baby for a good hr to get our food. . . We ask what is wrong and they say that they are understaffed. Everyone around us is getting their food except us.. . Horrible service
Two Words: Food poisoning.. To make matters worse, I encountered another couple a couple days later who also fell to food poisoning from this place.. . My husband had a custom made quesadilla with chicken at 3 am. But 5 am he was sooo sick. We ruled out a hangover when the stomach cramps and other ever-so-lovely food poising symptoms kicked in. Normally I say by-gones-be-by-gones but after hearing this other couple suffer from the same location, there is sufficient evidence that this restaurant needs to review their food prep policies. . . We have reported this to the manager hoping for a refund. We are in contact with corporate but I will be taking this to the state.
I came in at 2:30am in the morning on Sep 18, 2013. I ordered a chicken club which was not technically on the menu but they made it for me anyhow. The server was friendly and they were open late good.... . The bad: at 4am - 12pm I was vomiting with diarrhea. Never before had I been so sick. I felt like a character in a movie; sleeping next to toilet because I couldn't go 15 min without vomiting, the pain was so intense I nearly called 911. I think the only reason I didn't was the lack of insurance. . . By 1pm the pain finally stopped. I slept it off but it ruined my vacation. All week my throat was burning in pain from the acid. I've vomited before in my life but never like this; it was horrifying. . . I called the restaurant where they tried to blame it on something else and used the phrase "Well you didn't consult a doctor so how could you be certain it was caused by us" oddly they said this before asking if I was okay! I hadn't eaten since 9pm the day before; it was the Lux. Someone in corporate relations left me a voice mail and I will update this review after I talk to them on the condition they do something. So far I am incredibly disappointed in how the manager handled the situation. I will be filling a report with the Nevada state health board. If you too got food poising always report it to the government agency; don't just rely on the restaurant. This morning (Sunday) I ran into a random person at the pool who ate at the Lux also Wed Morning and was also just as sick. They too were given the 'well you didn't consult a doctor did you...' story by a manager there. So stay away!
If I could give this no stars, that would be the rating. We were asked by the hostess if we wanted immediate seating for breakfast, that we could sit at the bar. We took the seats and my wife and I ordered. I got pancakes and my wife ordered oatmeal. Pretty simple and should have been fast. We had a conference to go to so we wanted a quick bite. My wife went to register for the conference after waiting 15 minutes. I continued to wait for our food. 20 minutes later I asked the bar tender where our food was. He pulled the ticket and gave it a waitress. 10 minutes later I got fed up and left. As I was leaving the waitress stopped me to say it would only be a few more minutes. I'm 45 minutes into this ordeal, really? I gathered my things and as I walked out someone came with our order. I kept walking. Even if they comped the meal, I wouldn't have eaten it. I can't tell you about the food, because I haven't eaten it. I can tell you the service is about the worst I've ever encountered. It was relatively busy, but ever one around us was seated after us fed and left before we were even served. Total lack of customer service.
This review isn't about the food. . . Basically after our meal, we paid partially cash and the rest was on my card. Let's just say someone charged the full amount of my card around $90 even though I know i signed a credit card receipt for $30 something dollars. . Clearly the waiter felt that he was smart enough to steal from me! Ugh! . . Luckily i did get my money back, but honestly for all the trouble I went through, they should have picked up the whole bill. Management did help me through this, but no one really bothered to make up for this horrible experience.
