Worst 5 star hotel!  The room was small for a LV 5 star hotel with useless technologies.  Crack between curtain and ceiling let lots of light into room in morning.   We asked to change room but were told that every room has the same problem.  So if you are light sensitive do not stay here!  The gym closes at 8pm, so no one in the world exercises after that!  It takes 10 minutes for the front desk to answer the phone, no kidding!    . Tear this hotel down and build another!  . Avoid this place!
No thank you. This was the worst service that we've ever received.. . DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL!. . I REPEAT.... . DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL!!. . THIS IS A HORROR STORY!. . We contacted them about a promotion that we received in the mail. We booked two double-bed rooms over the phone. We were really excited about staying at this new hotel. We had heard that it was beautiful and lively. They gave us great customer service when we called. It sounded so awesome that even my brother and his family wanted to go! They asked if I can call and book one more room.. . So I called and asked to try and see if we can book one more double-bed room. They said they were more than happy to book one more double-bed room! We just had to pay an extra 30$. Great. "Will the rooms be close to each other?" No because the other two rooms are single-bed rooms. Hmmm...that's not what we booked and what the sales girl told me. So they told me that I had to pay an extra 30$ per room for the double bed. Fine. I'll pay it but I am not happy that I was misled to begin with. I want to talk to the girl who gave me the wrong information or her supervisor to file a complaint. If I hadn't called back and added the additional room I would have showed up with 8 adults and 1 infant with two beds only?. . Well, nobody ever called me back. Whatever. And I showed up with three parties. But we were informed that...we all had single bed-rooms?. . All double bed-rooms in the hotel are booked. On December 28th? Tuesday? Really?. . Now I'm pissed.. . I want to raise hell! I want to talk to the manager! I want to talk to the salesperson who signed us up for the room. I want someone to make this right! I want double-beds so we don't have to sleep on the floor. The supervisor in-charge told us to sleep in our room that night and tomorrow they would contact us when rooms opened up.. . Well, as you could have guessed that never happened.... . I had over 15 people at that hotel! We slept there, ate there, and bathed there. We gambled there. We spent a lot of money there. And all I wanted was for someone to keep their promise and follow through. When I contacted the front office they said they had no record of any complaints and they would call us back if a double-bed room opened up.... . I doubt that.. . I asked for the general manager's name and they gave me her name and number. Awesome. So I ask a couple of people on the casino floor about the general manager and just kind of want to get an idea of what kind of person she was.... . Alison Lopez, General Manager.. . They had never heard of her.. . They had fooled me for what felt like the 100th time. I had NO peace of mind. I will never stay there again. I still am having trouble contacting any kind of management. Nobody can follow-up with their customers. For regular Vegas visitors, we have NEVER felt more disrespected. I'm still trying to contact Alison Lopez...no one knows who she is.. . Front desk girl name was Vanessa, second phone salesman was Alan, supervisor was Eva. All terrible and misleading.. . Please do not stay at this hotel. And if you do, just call and verify your information. This was a NIGHTMARE.. . By the way, we did not get any kind of housekeeping over 3 nights here. This was minimal compared to the other problems but still...
The sportsbook here is a joke i've seen walkin closets that are larger. No, really the sportsbook is really the size of some peoples living room. I guess they should change the name to the horse racing book because pretty much all the screens were in horse races during ncaa basketball season
For a new hotel I was surprised with the lack of quality with this place. It seemed like they cut a lot of corners when making this place. First, there was no line when I walked in. I don't know if they are trying something new at this place or what but the concept does not work. You have a melee of people trying to get a spot and no one to really guide what's going on. My buddy who was also staying there ended up waiting 40 minutes when his key didnt work and he had to get a new one. Terrible service. . . Once up to the room, you get surprised with the automatic blinds and a great looking room but that's where things end. My bed was collapsed on one end...how does this happen in a new hotel and how do they not replace it? The walls were paper thin. I could hear everyone's conversations! It didnt matter if there were yelling or talking at a normal level...I could hear it. . . Out of the room things were nobetter. Try to eat in the hotel and you will pay top dollar for average food. The buffet will charge you extra for their weekend brunch when its simply no more than left overs from the week prior (trust me I ate there about 3 or 4 times and the items were starting to get old). They did have some interesting things on the menu such as goat but it hardly justified the price. I also went for a burger in the main cafe type restaurant and ended up having to pay extra for every addition on top of the bun and meat. I think I ended up with a $25 burger that I could have gotten at Burger King for less than $5....my total meal with drink and salad came out to over $40!. . . The hotel bars were ok but became over crowded as there isnt much to do here and you're always looking to go else where. I also don't like over whelming smells and the air fragrance they pump into the hotel is absolutely obnoxious. I could actually smell people at my convention who had been staying at the Aria because you could smell that horrible fragrance. . . Never again will I stay here.
Did not enjoy my stay at all.  We booked our stay looking forward to staying at new hotel on the strip.  We had read it was very high tech.  The rooms were ok, the room control was nice but not as advertised.  The view was beautiful and the curtain control was cool but not amazing.  The drawback was the customer service..   The controls are locked until the front desk unlocks them. They forgot to unlock our room so we could not access the controls or even watch television.  It was resolved with a quick phone call and ten minute wait..   The customer service was also terrible whenchecking in.  They do not have enough competent personnel working at the front and we waited 45 minutes outside with all our luggage..   To remedy this situation they offered to compensate us for breakfast.  When we checked out they attempted to charge us for that as well.  Only after argueing for 15 minutes was this resolved..   The last draw for me was when they did not clean our room and when we called they still did not clean it. I will not be staying there again and i suggest no one else stay there either.
BEWARE OF EXTRA FEES! DON'T INITIAL THE REGISTRATION CARD. IT'S WHERE THEY NICKLE AND DIME YOU FOR RESORT FEES THEY NEVER TOLD YOU BUT ASKED YOU TO INITIAL HERE.. . Was just there last weekend to celebrate my birthday.. . It was chaos.  No one seems to know what they were doing. The front desk were just standing there talking to each other. The guests looked so confused. Oh, did you know they charge you resort fees on top of room fee?!. . I managed a front desk of a hotel and was AR for a big hotel chain.. . Customer service was by far as bad as a one star hotel. Wait. One star hotels are not rude . The AR department at the ARIA needs a lot of customer service training. . . It's goregous walking in but it goes downhill. The room had a weird smell. Set up was weird. PBX was just in a hurry to transfer your call and you can't even finish your sentence. They need to do an internal audit at this place, guarantee they will fail. . . Customer service was just horrible. If I managed that hotel, I would fire the  manager and the AR.. .  RESORT FEES ARE EXTRA PER NIGHT! They don't tell you until you get a credit card charge. They didn't even give us an invoice when we checked out.
PUKE Aria!  I don't know how this horrid hotel is getting so many high reviews...when you first arrive you are a little impressed by the grand lobby, but you immediately want to pass out after you take a few breaths from the over-fuming of cheap FEBREEZE air-freshener that drowns the poor hotel.  Seriously Aria - COOL DOWN on the nasty air=freshener that you're poisoning your guests with.  What else:. . Customer Service:  POOR.  They talk to you as if you are their 12 year old . Haze Nightclub:  run by a bunch of buffons....the bouncers/"men" who work there are RUDE, arrogant and need to simmer down on the nasty tats and steroids.. Liquid Pool Party:  tools who work there are again RUDE and will get into fights with you if you give them one small opinion.. . I will never come back.  I will never suggest any friends to come here.  BOO Aria.
Worst electric system. IPod hookups dont work and the speakers were blown. Butlers go through your shit and the lamps never turn off.
I visited this casino last weekend to see what all the fuss was all about. I didn't stay here so I wont be reviewing the rooms. So I walked in and gave the whole place a good walk over and I must say what a boring, bland casino. It felt like being back at work inside of a big corporate office. The whole place seemed so quiet, dead and  the casino floor was a more elderly crowd. All that I saw were really expensive, fancy restaurants. . . So I guess if you dont want to party in Vegas but want to spend a fortune on food this would be a good place but if you want a more sexy, lively casino I highly recommend the Rio, Mirage or Caesars.
Stay Somewhere Else -service is horrid -Aria has no soul!!. . I am an avid Vegas goer. 8-12 times/year sometimes more for the last 10+ years. I have stayed all over the Strip from dives like Imperial to luxury like the Wynn. By far Aria was the worst experience ever. I tried it twice just to make sure it wasn't just one bad experience, the second was worse than the first.. . -Check in process was a disaster, long line and unfriendly staff. . -Maid service was poor, several nights they didn't even service our room, we had to call for towels and wait 2+ hrs, we had to call for a blow dryer --what woman in Vegas doesn't need a blow dryer. . -Service: HORRIBLE, from the front desk to the jerk off bartenders at the pool to the Clubs, one person was more stuck up and rude than the next. -Rooms: very small, need more mirrors, need bigger beds, the only positive thing I can think to say is the beds were very comfortable -perfect for one person, a couple? forget about it -your husband can sleep on the floor. -Restaurants: over priced and NOT good food or service, long waits and NOT worth the wait. . GO STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE, ANYWHERE ELSE ---don't even bother coming here. . . It feels like a big tin can, a
Checked in and the room was beautiful!  Tested out the controller thingy mah jig... pretty nifty.  . . Got settled in and finally laid on the bed to take a nap.  Noticed some stains on the white pillow case but shrugged it off... no big deal.  Pulled the throw blanket up from the foot of the bed and... . . Well HELLOOOO big white stain that looks like the crust of another human's DNA.  Sick!!  I was sooooo disgusted and was not going to tolerate it.  Called downstairs to report it and they offered to come up and replace the blanket.  Ughhh... NO... we're going to need another room.  If that thing isn't clean, who knows what else isn't.  They moved us to another room.  Cool, right?. . Got to the other room and noticed that the carpet had not been vaccuumed.  Crumbs and crusts all over... looked like toddlers had been in there eating crackers unsupervised.  I told myself over and over that I'm just being picky and that it will be okay... its only one night.  Noticed blonde hair all over the bed and I knew it wasn't mine or my Husband's... we have black hair.  Pretty disgusting.  I shed my hair too, but that hair was not MY hair so it was not okay.  Rolled the sham over and HELLO, thick wet stain that looks like sweet and sour sauce with small little white chunks inside.  WTF?  OH HELL NO!!!. . Called downstairs and INSISTED that a manager come see the mess.  She came up and was kind of rude when she got there... asking if there was a problem.  Uhmmm... YES.  I showed her the mess and the stain and she had no words.  I mean... what can she possibly say, right?  She offered to change our room AGAIN.  By this time, it was late and we only had an hour to rest up before dinner.  I told her that we will take a different room, but we really need to get settled in and going because we had plans.  She found us a room and said that the room is clean, but she is going to have her top housekeeping lady go through it to make sure its up to par.  At this time, it was about 4:30pm.  She told us that it would take about 15 minutes and they will bring us the key to the other room and we can move our stuff there.  Waited around and yes, the key came in 15 minutes.  Great.  By that time, I moved my stuff over to that room assuming that the room was ready.  Went over there and the lady said that she needs about 5 more minutes because she is fixing up the bed and she will come get us once its ready.  FINE.  Went back to the dirty room and made sure not to touch the disgusting yucks around the room and sat on the chair looking out the window... just waiting.  5:45pm... an hour later and I went to check again to see what's the hold up... we have to get going.  A different manager stopped me at the door and said that the room didn't look good enough to her so they are doing it over again.  WTF?  Are all of your rooms filthy or something?  She asked for us to give her 5 more minutes.  Ugh... fine... but we really gotta go and haven't even settled in yet.  This is ridiculous.  6:30pm rolled around and I wanted to see when they'd finally be done.  Two hours later, they are done.  REALLY?  Two hours?  . . What a waste of our time!  Sure, the room finally looked great but typically in a 5 star hotel, you shouldn't have to go through all of that trouble.  Ugh!!. . WORST customer service I've ever experienced in such a pricey hotel.  . . Yes, the hotel is gorgeous and the room is nice (if you don't see and think about the nasty dirtyness of it all).. . I would NEVER want to stay here again because:. . -Its dirty... grimey.  Housekeeping?  What housekeeping?. -Customer service sucks and will give you the run around before they get anything right.. -Although its on the strip, its a far walk from the actual hotel through the shopping center and casino to actually get back on the strip.. -Again, NASTY.. . But hey... at least you get two complimentary drink vouchers (which we didn't even get to use because all of our time was spent running around trying to find a decently clean room).
I go to Vegas every week for work and play, I have never been so dissapointed and disrespected  in my life. This place is not a place for vacation nor business. The hotel is very cold and does not have the usual Vegas charm although they have tried to make it very Art Deco, sort of. If you want to try the spa or gym you don't get the usual package deal the other hotels are giving you, which is so funny "you can workout but you can't shower". The buffet is a joke.  The food selection is very limited and the quality of food is really bad. Oh, watch out for the Night and Day club, I spend a lot of money and got a table in both and was harrassed both times really bad for having fun and kissing my girl friend IN MY OWN TABLE. Overall,  you better off with hotels like Wynn or .... City center. It is owned and operated by bunch of nuerotic people who don't know the first thing about customer service or the American way. One of the employees of the hotel made the comment about the owners being from somewhere in middle east got broke,  that's why they run ship the way the do. Basically, they don't know any better ..... Please don't get fooled by the pictures and how good it looks, in the end it's all about right attitude which they don't have ..... I definitely question the other good reviews about this hotel.  I am willing to meet anybody in person in the Hotel and show them what a bad experience you will have if you stay in this hotel. By the way if you stay there,  please be careful using the hotel phone, in order to dial out you need to dial 91 and guess what for some reason you get linked to 911 and the next thing you know there were 5 security guy in your room ?????
I stayed at Aria for the first time last week. I had requested 2 rooms on a high floor. We arrived late. The front desk lady said that all the high floor rooms were taken by the convention that was in town. She said she had a room on the 8th fl. I said that wouldn't do so she found, lol, 2 rooms on the 15th floor. The room looked at the convention center roof. They have 56 floors so you know where we were. She also told me that for what I was paying that was a good room. They sent me a special room rate. Why do they send it if you shouldn't use it. The floors are dirty and the bathtub/shower is stupid. Stay at The Cosmo or Vdara.
My wife drove her new 2011 Mustang GT Convertible 5.0 in to the valet last week and the guys were all over it about how hot it was. She told them she would be back in thirty minutes to leave. When she left, the driver, who was one of the ones complementing her on it when she dropped it off, brought it around. When he got out he was saying how much power the had. She just drove it off, but when she  looked at the gauges after driving off, she noticed the traction control had been turned off by the valet. That piece of crap was racing the car in the garage. The only reason to turn off the traction control would be to spin the tires. The only way to turn it off is manually. It cannot be done by accident. What an idiot, first to abuse a car that is not yours and then to forget to get rid of the evidence. We will be writing the GM of the resort to express our displeasure. you would think the resort security would have a way to monitor the valets so they don't have the opportunity to ruin peoples cars. I can only imagine what else goes on in valet at Aria. I know I will never trust them with any of our cars again. We're local, so everybody I know will hear about this.
If I could. I would  give u - 10 stars the worst gift shop stupid staff they don't know what they r doing they r good for nothing
ONE OF THE WORST EXPERIENCES I HAVE EVERRRR HAD. . . The Good.... . When I first arrived I fell in love with the place. The employees were super nice (AT FIRST) and were constantly greeting you. The casino area actually smelled good, there was a scent all over the lobby and casino area.....huge plus for me....We came in groups and had reserved two rooms. We requested connecting rooms but it was not available at the time of check in and since it was not requested ahead of time it was no big deal. However, they did agree to reserve a room on the same floor as mine so that when my cousin and friends arrived her room would be ready to go. I really liked the decor and ambiance of the place overall. The rooms were very clean and put together. I really do have to say that I liked the all in one remote that controlled everything in the room. The pool area is amazing and huge with several pools to hang out at. Before I get to the BAD I would like to mention that the Cafe Vettro at Aria was amazing (even for a very picky person as myself). We ate there a couple times and will definitely be back for more. . . The Bad.... . Once our second group arrived a couple hours later they were advised that there were no rooms reserved on the 19th floor (same floor as mine) and the only thing available was a king size bed on the 15th floor and two queen beds-smoking on the 11th floor. Before our second group arrived we were guaranteed the second room on the same floor and even received confirmation from their manager. After listening to lame explanations from the front desk and their worthless supervisor we took the room on the 11th floor room since the room on the 15th floor was king bed only. We definitely did not want a smoking room since I can not stand the smell but we had no other choice since Aria screwed us over already. Anytime we wanted to go to each others rooms we had to take the elevator all the way down and take a different elevator due to the floor difference. . . Now to the PLAIN OLD UGLY......... . To make matters worse we were in our room and other people opened our room with a room key to get in. The stupid front desk had assigned other people to the room we were reserved under. Thereafter, we left our room as we were assured by front desk that it was taken care of. The whole mix up was that they had assigned us to the room on the 15th floor even though we told them we do not want the room with the king bed. We were once again told everything was okay but to our surprise when we returned our room keys did not work. We once again went to the front desk and spoke to a rude manager. The manager informed us we were STILL listed to be on the 15th floor not the 11th. We were once again advised that things were taken care of and we were assigned to the room on the 11th floor. . . Things did not end here. Saturday night I went up to the room drunk and ready to knock out and of course they messed up again....At this point I was no longer surprised. My card did not work again. I called front desk and they called security up but since the room was under my cousin's name I was not able to get in. The room on the 19th floor was under my name and the room on the 11th floor was under my cousins. Security then informed me the worst that they had once again given key cards to our room to other individuals to check in. Those people found luggage's and called front desk. I do not appreciate strangers going thru my stuff or looking into our room. Front desk then sent over security to go thru our stuff to find ID's then the room was completely locked out with our stuff inside. We had requested that our names be placed under each others rooms but we were advised that it should not be a problem.....WELLLLLLLL....IF WE ONLY KNEW HOW INCOMPETENT THESE EMPLOYEES WERE....... . . I then decided to make a scene to hopefully get these so called employees to work and me into my room. After I called the manager and yelled and told them that I will wake up everyone on my floor and cause problems they agreed to hear me out. I advised these idiots that I can open the safe and pull out my checkbook with my name on it they agreed to let me in hours after I wanted to get in....At this point I was no longer drunk..... Just when we thought we were done dealing with screw ups .....came more trouble. During checkout we were advised that we were supposed to leave on Tuesday and they were not sure why we were checking out early. We were checking on the right day and did not want to spend another night there. I understand this hotel is new but it has been over a year and I have never had this type of horrible service ever in life. It was one thing after another and it was never ending. My birthday weekend was ruined thanks to Aria. I was so excited to stay here but within hours of arriving I was so disappointed. . . I WILL NEVER...REPEAT....NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL EVER AGAIN....
hello Aria, you suck!. . So this is how it went down for this special review from us to you Aria.. . On the Tuesday of July the 5th 2011, we check into the hotel on the fly coming from another hotel.   We initially booked 2 nights stay here on our arrival.  So far so okay.  We get into our rooms after the logistics of checking in, getting our room key, supplying our guest information, bla bla bla.  Our bags were checked with the bell hop prior to checking in at the front desk so once we got to our rooms all we had to do was call for luggage to be brought up.. . Standard hotel stuff so far that everyone is use to.. . Okay now the turning point.  That was quick wasn't it?  Oh yeah.. . We get into our rooms and start to get comfy.  Within a matter of I say less than a minute the phone rings.  The front desk says your bags are on their way.  Wow, honestly that is top notch service.  We get a phone call to let us know our bags are on the way.. . Sounds fishy, yeah initially at first but we aint complaining.   So we lay down and chill and wait for our bags to arrive.  Within 10 minutes someone cards into our room.  Its our luggage right?  You would think it would be. But Nope, its another hotel guest thats checking into the room.. . Obviously both parties meaning us in the room and the two individuals know there is a mix up.  They were cool about it and so were we.  They would go downstairs to clear up and get their situation settled.  But apparently Aria check in staff checked another new guest into the same room as us.  Hello who does that?   Aria you do, i'm pointing this finger squarely at you.. . Weird, yeah definitely weird.  Whatever.  Well the next minute we get a knock at the door.  "Security"... Oh boy here we go.  Security knocks at the door and addresses us as Mr. so and so.  - We say um there is no so and so here we just checked into the room.  Security gets onto their communication system and phones in that the person their looking for is not in our room we are in and they confirm that they are present with us.    I guess a previous guest wanted to switch rooms and they thought it was us.  Weird and obviously they made another mistake.. . Onto another paragraph...  you see where this is going.  So far 2 strikes and we havent hit the 15 minute mark yet.   After determining we would have to dial to bell hop to retrieve our luggage we do that.  Quote it'll be 5-10 minutes before your luggage arrives.   Fast forward to more than 20 minutes, no luggage.  We dial again saying we've been waiting for more than 15m and have reservations soon.. . I'm tired of typing this review, Aria you aint worth my precious onslaught on you.  But I will list some additional things that bothered me.. . The color layout and selection in the hallways--- Way tooo dark.  Too much brownish hues...really brown - not really inviting to potential hotel guests staying there.   Food, where can we find some food where we dont have to spend 100 dollars on a meal.  No where to be found in Aria and city center.  Dont get me wrong i'm down for an expensive meal but there is really nothing outside of that unless you venture outside of city center/ aria and into another hotel.. . What else?  Eh, that last paragraph was pretty much bothersome too me.  We cut the stay to one night and checked out the next morning.   Aria, I guess its good for families and people that love to be confused about whats going on when they stay there.  But for the average consumer beware.  COCO Beware!. . We invested our time at the Cosmopolitan next, after our early exit from ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH-ia Hotel.   Now thats where you should be staying... Cosmopolitan for deee win!!!   I do like the city center and aria for their modern huge space layout.  Good for taking pictures of the aesthetics but outside of that its a no go for ARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGHHHHH-ia!. . Lots of ranting in this review, but also tons of great advice.  Really some important stuff to think about if you really really really are dying to stay here- against obviously wise advice.  A-hooyeah!
Pros: . . Smells GREAT once you walk through the doors.. Really, REALLY, comfortable bed and linens.. Bathrooms are decent, sunk in tub adjacent to shower, which is convenient because you don't have to worry about water getting everywhere.. Stunning windows, views.. In room master remote control system for all lights/curtains, etc.. . Cons:. I think they need to iron out the kinks in their booking system because the room that was given to my parents was overbooked, and it just looks bad...you make your trek to hot-ass Vegas wanting to relax in your room the moment you check in, only to find out that someone is already in there?  What the fudge?  Get your shiznit together!. Took FOREVER and a day to get through to the front desk via phone.  What the hell are you guys doing down there?. Our room could have used a little more cleaning.  It looked like a rushed job.  . . I didn't have a horrible experience, but I just don't think I want to stay here again because I've had so many EXCELLENT experiences at other hotels in Vegas....bleh.
Please don't stay here - this place is not worth risking your health!  Aria currently claims the bacteria that causes Legionnaires' disease is contained, but they do not know for sure.  Aria has not and WILL NOT be testing all the rooms for the bacteria.  . . My friends and I booked several rooms for next weekend.  After we learned of the outbreak, we called Aria to get additional information.   They could not care less and quoted from some script about how no additional bacteria had been detected.  And though we planned to cancel, we still asked if there would be discounted rates considering the health risks - an emphatic NO.  So really no compelling reason to stay at the Aria - in addition to the risk of Legionnaires' which in itself is a dealbreaker, there are no notable restaurants, clubs or pool area here - - Buh-bye!
Ok, I just returned back from a 4 day stay at Aria.  SO let me start with the good... It's a beautiful hotel that looks amazing. The ambiance screams luxurious... It is really a breathtaking place to be... . Now the bad.... . I consider myself an old school kind of guy.  I've been to tons of hotel & casinos around the world, and this hotel's customer service is extremely lacking and the way that they take care of guests feelsdownright insulting.  My party had rented out about 15 rooms for a bachelor party, we booked the flights and hotel through Jetblue which included flights and hotel and even a promotion to a show in Vegas.  Right off the bat, we should have sensed something was wrong when we tried to redeem the show tickets by calling the number they provided and the number was ALWAYS busy! I mean we tried calling every 30 minutes for 6 hours straight.  Ultimately we had to call the Front Desk and speak with a manager to even take advantage of the promotion.  He said they were extremely busy, which is why the phone is always ringing off the hook. Really?  In this day and age and with all the money people put into gaming, you can't afford to have multiple lines for a promotion for a group of people that are going to be visiting you hotel and spending money??? OK, i let it go.... . We arrive to the hotel and attempt to check in..."I am sorry sir, but all we have available are king rooms, we are completely booked"... That would be cool, if I were staying with my wife, that would be cool if I were staying alone... But I am here with 25 guys, we booked double beds and now you want us to stay in a king room because you overbooked?  That's BULLSH*T! With 4004 rooms, you are telling me that you are completely sold out? After arguing for about 15 minutes with the clerk, suddenly a double opened up...  Go figure huh?. . Ok, all checked in... We arrived on Thursday, NO SERVICE to the room until SATURDAY, even with the SERVICE request light on.... . Casino?  I sit down to play, and the pit boss comes running over and says to the Dealer in a rude way "Check his ID, don't deal him cards until you check his ID", now I am happy to oblige, sh*t, its a compliment to be thought younger. However, every casino I have been to prior to this, the pit boss is really courteous and comes over and politely asks for ID, this pit boss basically demanded I show her ID and when she saw I was 30 years old, she just walked away. No Apologies for being rude sir, no have a great time sir.  Just shut her mouth and walked away.  . . Needless to say, I will NEVER come back to stay at Aria again.  I enjoy casinos that treat their guests with respect and go out of their way to  make them feel welcomed.  Aria fails miserably at customer service. If you want to make a comparison, ARIA is like that totally hot girl that is nice to look at but is a total bitch when you go up to her.  Stay away from this place!
OK if your going to spend the money that this place cost, I expected it to be like the Palazzo, NOT! This place took over 45 minutes just to check in. What the heck? The casino wasn't great, also if there are other people going with you and staying in different hotels then you can not go to the spa together. its not worth it. I would stay someone else, service is not great and that's key to me.
Pretty, modern, green...but corporate and architects run wild...in all this, they forgot the customer!. . Very inconvenient layout...plan on walking a mile+ to do anything!  Difficult to navigate, spread out, and chicken***t delivery.  2 drink coupons on arrival...good for the minimum well drink beer or wine.  No free pours.  The Washingtons are squeezed till they scream in this place.  Stay Away!
I went for 7 days to Vegas, 5 days I stayed at the Encore ( wynn), and 2 days I went to Aria. I really looked forward being in this new resort. Well, Aria was the bad experience in Vegas hotels rated 5+ resort. Where should I begin? Well, the check in was a mess, we waited too long and finally when we manage to do so we needed to take a long way to get to the room (nobody thought it would be smarter to pot 2 elevators near each side?!? The total walk from elevator to our room is about 5 minutes, in hotels it's alot!). Anyhow, the room was dirty ( I upload the bathroom floor), and not well kept ( the spot lights in the shower was out!). Besides that, the hotel is new but yet you can see it's age far more beyond, that was a surprise to me. When we wanted to do room charge in restaurants we were blocked for some reason so we went twice to the front desk to ask to cancel this block, each time the representative said we are fine and we have a credit to make room charge. So include the guy from check in we were pretty upset that 3 different representative could not understand why we cant do room charge , at the end they fixed it. Moreover, this hotel is a huge place, no design, just big empty space with full of noise and to strong smell of vanilla ... Not delicate. The restaurants we tried was not top notch, very average but charge like gourmet.. So when we understood that we went to eat at the Wynn resort . At the Wynn we found some of the best restaurants in Vegas ( tapas- al cava, American and casual but taste fantastic- social cafe, wine and steaks- Sinatra.. And the list goes on ...). Last but not list, the spa!! Who is the idiot designer who decided to built the spa connected to the main pool of the resort, where the music is deafening with techno - house- music? ?? This is such a fetal decision that ruin my spa time. Imagine sitting in the spa jaccuzi,   trying to relax but all you can hear is loud basses and house music...!! Beside that, they use tones of chlorine there ( I got a rash all over my legs from 5 min in the jacuuzi), the robes are old, and nothing there was relaxing... They charged 30$ for spa, but they won't let you see the spa unless you pay first. Stupid trick!   So, to summarize that: don't use the spa facility, if you want a good spa go to four season or encore (Wynn). Well, this hotel is screaming for good management that will take care of the UI ( user interface) or in other words, to be responsible to the whole experience throw the client eyes. If I need to compare that hotel to the cellphone world, aria is like old nokia from the 2000, compare to the Wynn experience which more resemble to iphone5 ;)
This place does not live up to the hype. I was staying for a convention. The rooms were not that great. The convention center was either to hot or cold. My stomach is still recovering from the food. A serious disappointment!
I have to say I had high expectations for this place since it is a 5 star hotel, I've stayed at the Wynn, Venetian, and The hotel before, so I have something to compare to now.At check in upon arrival, I was informed there wasn't two queen beds available for me, only a king.  I am like, not cool, so the guy at the lobby, looks for a while, and comes to me and says, I have a room for you but it's not available, it will be an extra $30 a night.  I am like, what???? are you serious, he states, the rate you got before was for a king bed, not two queens.  I am tired I said fine.  I will take the room. Now he says, its not ready, you can check in, in 3 hours.  So far it is every bit of the 5 star hotel it is rated... Finally, the time has come, I got my room.  I went into it, 29th floor.  Guess what its facing the pool party/night club at Cosmo, its bumping all day and will be all night.  I called, swaped the room immediately.  Next room, I was provided with a smoking room, it reeked!  I called, swaped again.  Next room the toilet wont flush, and the window is DIRTY.  Called again, and they had to send maintenance up here to fix the toilet, only after my roomate said he needed to "take a dump" right now! all n all, nice looking hotel, but the staff is horrible.  1/2 a star in my opinion!
The hotel was great the cafe downstairs past the elevators was so bad the steak was so burnt a dog wouldn't eat it the over easy eggs were so under cooked so we decided to give them a second chance thinking it's just the chef but no French toast raw the service was so slow I could have walked down the strip and back and the waters wouldn't have been there yet and that was just waiting for the drinks to get there. The food took for ever too and was bad when we got it. Try the other restaurants honestly in and out was better then the 5 star dining at aria
Came here after Christmas. The hotel itself looks amazing on the outside with some arts here and there and a nice fountain located in the main entrance cul-de-sac. The layout inside is a different story though. The fitness center and spa/salon was on the "promenade" level where you had to walk through shops to get to. Personally, I would think the fitness and spa area should be more close and inclusive to the actual hotel rooms. Another layout flaw is that the main entrance is different from the main valet area. . . Now comes the worst part of this hotel: terrible customer service. . Booked rooms through a third party site and when arrived they told me I had to pay more for a 2 bedroom queen b/c it was previously not listed on the website when I first booked it. (the excuse was that they thought the 2 bed queens were gonna sell out so the didn't list it on the site). Ok then are you assuming that any two person party coming to your hotel is a couple? . . Moving on, I requested a higher floor room and the guy at the front desk said "I'll let u know" and keeps typing away. Later doesn't even inform me which floor is available. He just makes me sign some papers and I find out he gave us the 10th floor. Great.. thanks for listening guy. . . The rooms are "technologically advanced" but the controls are not as smooth especially the temperature functions through the remote. Also, the bathroom was not stocked when arrived. Second day, housekeeping stocked the shampoo et al better. . Gross part of the room: there was a piece of fried chicken underneath the entertainment center!!!! Is this really a 5 star hotel? . . Lastly, the jean phillipe pasterie (sp?) had horrible customer service as well. Waited for 15mins for food. Asked if they might have forgotten my ticket. They gave me a lame excuse saying they had to wait for the panini. Really? I just saw 5 ppl in front of me get the same thing I just ordered. . . Ok I'm done. haha Probably worst experience at a supposedly 5 star hotel. Will not go again. Encore/Wynn is so much better.
This hotel has such horrible customer service, I guess Mandalay Bay Resort service isn't much better. NEVER EVER buy a gift card here, never ever go into their establishment, its a big corporation that doesnt care about their clients
I recently stayed at the Aria and was so excited to have an opportunity to stay at one of the newest hotels in Vegas. The commercials for the hotel get you excited that Aria is THE hotel THE place to be in Vegas. As I pull up to the hotel the signs all around are reinforcing the commercials the Center the Excitement has shifted to Aria. As I pull up the hotel is beautiful the water show is small but eye catching. . I enter the hotel and (what) this is it, there must be more. The lobby is plain and there are all these 10 -12ft high partitions blocking my view. I can't see it. Behind each partition is another and another . . .  where is the WOW. . . . .Nothing. There is no wow.. The registration is to the right and at 10am there are lines to check in and out. There is no WOW in waiting in line! I get checked in and am on my way to my room. I walk thru the casino to the elevators and it is very brown and dark but no WOW. I get to the hotel room and the curtains open as I go in the room. I did appreciate that. But the room is very brown and boring. I had a nice view of the pool area. The bathroom is small (compared to other hotels on the strip.) and neutral. Now if I'm remodeling my bathroom or buying a house this is the bathroom I would hope to get. I do not expect this from the a Vegas hotel. BORING! The shower/bath tub set up is weird. The tub is behind the shower inside of the glass doors for the shower. It is a weird set up. The towels are so so in quality. The bed is nice and comfortable but the pillows are not. . Check out was the same as check in, there are lines of people to check in and out. There are hotel employees telling you which line to queue up in and you wait. There is no WOW in waiting. The woman managing the queue's had the worst breath ever! I wish I could have helped her out with a mint. I keep asking myself why can't the line manager just get behind the counter and start checking people in and out? Seems that for all the 6 or 7 people managing the lines they could actually help with check in/out and move the lines along. All the staff at this hotel lack the enthusiastic nature about them that you usually get from hospitality staff, maybe they are all newbies to the hospitality industry? They are not overly helpful nor do they have the usual customer service I have come to know from staying at any other hotel on the strip. . All in all I could have been at the Courtyard by Marriott and had better customer service and a room decorated in a similar boring way. Don't waste your money -- pick another hotel (any other hotel) on the Vegas strip. Especially if this is your first trip to Vegas!!.  Review of the Convention Center -. Can you put the Convention Center any further away from the sleeping rooms?? The walk is a 10 - 15 minute long walk. There is no Starbucks or similar to stop in along the way. The size of the convention center screams that meetings are big part of the Aria hotel business.Then why not cater to us even more by having a convention hotel room tower?? It would be so nice not to walk 10 - 15 to and from my room multiple times a day. . The food in the convention center was terrible. The fish was so tough it needed to be cut with a knife or smelled too fishy for my tastes. Needless to say I did not eat it. The Asian themed buffet was bland, boring and lacked any flavor. The breakfast was bland and boring -- thank goodness for the fruit. If you are attending a meeting at this hotel -- BROWN BAG IT. Save the calories for some Vegas cocktails. . The "Business Center" should be called the Print Center as they only things they can actually do for you is print and make copies. Meeting Planners do yourself and your meeting attendees a favor and select a hotel with a Full Service Business Center. A Full Service Business Center that opens early, Aria's opens at 8am. Are you kidding me -- 8am??? My meeting starts at 8am.. I hope I never see the inside of this hotel again!!!!!!
this weekend was the worst vegas hotel experience i've ever had. no kidding.. . i got comped a 3 night stay here, with the option to upgrade to a corner suite for an additional $50 a night. i checked in the first night -- no suites to upgrade to, so they gave me a normal room. the next night, i swung by the front desk around 930pm to see if they had a suite i could upgrade to, and lo and behold, they did. the front desk lady asked me to grab all my stuff out of the room and move to the suite.. . after i went upstairs and roused my friend who was sleeping, someone opened the door 10 minutes in and yelled at us, "why are you in my room?". it looked like the front desk checked this guy into the room we hadn't even vacated yet.. . we grabbed our stuff as quickly as we could and went a few floors down to the suite.. . the hallway smelled like weed.. . i saw a plastic fork, a cellophane wrapper, and sunflower seeds sitting in the hallway.. . i walk into the room (which is nice, i guess -- +1 for toto washlet equipped toilets) and i find a half-eaten french fry on the ground in the bathroom. a few minutes later, i find the notepad next to the phone had been scribbled on, and there was a bag of trash in one of the cubbies in the desk.. . after taking a shower the next morning, i find a towel that had bloodstains in it. while the towel had been washed, there were still stains. FML. . the hotel was able to offer me a $50 food and beverage credit and removed one $50/night charge, but it took me a while, waiting on hold. i got placed on hold a few times throughout my stay. what a shitty experience -- i'm never going there again.. . also, who designed the main valet pickup? you gotta walk all the way through the entire freaking casino or through the traffic rotunda to pick up your car. ridiculously inconvenient if you're carrying your own luggage and checking out.. . on the bright side, the valet attendants were great and didn't try stuffing my slammed, modified car into the parking garage and the hotel wifi was RIDICULOUSLY fast (22mbits down 15mbits up -- faster than my home internets). . don't stay here unless you enjoy disappointment.
To start, this hotel looks nice on the outside and inside.. You have to walk past slots and tables and a cafe just to get to your floor elevators. The path to the elevators is monitored by a hotel security representative.. . The bells and whistles in the king sized bed room are nice.. . The towels are horrible.... Full stocked mini fridge and some nonsense on the top of the counter all of which is x2 or x4 the normal price.. . . The bed and the pillows were the best part of my stay.. Pool is Ok. Whirlpool/hot tubs are nice and shaded by Palm trees.. 22$ Hotel fee per day + what you paid for your room.. Long distance calls not included in Hotel fee..... . There was an incident the last night I was there where security was called and took 20 mins to show up. . . I was told by a manager that I would get a call from her in a day and never got it. Re-guarding the issue.. . For a 5 Star 5 Diamond  I expected much much more in service in accommodation.
My boyfriend and I spent 5 days and 4 nights at the Aria and the experience very, very bad.  I would NOT stay here again.  Their customer service and attention to detail is horrible even though the cost to stay at this hotel is high.. . Our trip was booked as a package through expedia.  My boyfriend called the hotel ahead of time to book my spa services through the concierge.  Because we were booking such an expensive spa package the concierge told us that we may be eligible for a free room upgrade and that we should talk to the front desk associates to see if it could be done.  When my boyfriend spoke to the front desk over the phone they flat out refused.  I told him i would ask when we arrived.. . When we arrived at the hotel the front desk clerk was surly and unhelpful and when I asked about the room upgrade he offered to upgrade our room, for an additional $70 per night.  He then proceeded to tell us that room upgrades are specials and that they were not having any of them during our stay.  (OK so there is OBVIOUSLY a communication problem going on between the concierge and the front desk.)  We aked if there would be a hold placed on the credit card that was used to book the room.  Normally there is, but BECAUSE the room was PRE-PAID we felt that IF there was going to be a HOLD it shouldn't be for the full amount.  But the clerk assured us that there would be NO hold on the account.  Just to be sure we clarified and asked again.  And he answered 'No, there won't be a hold placed on the credit card.'. . When we got up to the room, it was VERY 'high-tech' (not in a good way).  We are pretty tech-savvy but it took us a while to figure out HOW to work everything.  Come to find out that one of the light-bulbs in the bathroom were out.  (This to me means that they do NOT check the room after a guest has checked out OR before another guest checks in.)  I called the front desk and they sent someone to fix the light.  For some reason after they had fixed that light, the MASTER switch for the room was messed up in the process.  I had to call AGAIN, and then AGAIN.  My boyfriend had also made a request for something for me in the room that was NOT there upon arrival.. . We went to have dinner at SAGE in the hotel.  The dinner was fabulous but EXPENSIVE at $400.  My boyfriend used his credit card, but it got declined because of a $700 HOLD.  We had asked TWICE if there would be a hold placed and both times we were told 'NO'.  We ended up charging the meal on our room, and proceeded to the front desk.  We spoke to a clerk at that front desk and he assured us that it was a mistake, then he spoke to the night manager about it.  The night manager said that he would have the hold removed BY the next morning.  We also requested a late check-out which the clerk said they would comp because of all of our trouble.. . The next morning my boyfriend called and checked his credit card, the hold had NOT been removed.  So we went BACK down to the front desk and asked to speak to a manager.  We went through the entirety of our issues.  She blamed the front desk clerk who we had at check-in for not giving us the proper information, and said that the concierge had NOTHING to do with room upgrades.  She did waive our resort fee and give us a $75 food and beverage credit for all the trouble, which we accepted.  She also offered to upgrade our room (but we were only there for one more night and moving all of our belongings would have been more of a hassle so we opted out of that).  She said that they would be SURE to fix the lighting issue in our room.. . When we got back up to our room the light issue was STILL NOT resolved.  The next day was our check out so before we went to sleep I told my boyfriend to CALL and make sure we had late check-out.  He called, and what do you know?? We did NOT have late check-out.  The next morning went to get our boarding passes printed (which is included as a part of the services you pay for through the resort fee).  We were waiting in line (with one person ahead of us) for the concierge to print our boarding passes, when one of the employees pulled us away and directed us to the 'free' computers that we could use to do it ourselves, but the computer wanted to charge us.  So we had to go BACK to the concierge desk and stand back in line (there were now FIVE people ahead of us).  After we had checked out we went to the coffee/deli area to get food before we went to the airport.  We ended up waiting 20 minutes for confirmation of our food and beverage credit. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE.. . I WILL NEVER STAY AT THE ARIA AGAIN!!!
Their Sportsbook sucks. Their rooms are "modern" but there were no open electrical outlets near the bed, which is pretty unacceptable. Who wants to charge their phone on the other side of the room? The Towels were very rough and not soft. . The staff is "Friendly" but in a "I just want a tip" and will smile and pretend to be nice, kind of way.. . Their SPORTS BOOK is literally the worst one I have been to at any of the major Casinos here.  The cashiers are rude, and they all left prior to the end of the last NBA Game of the night.  Yes, they were gone before 9:00pm.  They would not cash out peoples winning tickets and forced them to deal with the Casino Cashier's who do not know anything about the Sports Book and failed to cash 2 of my winning tickets.  The customer service Iexperienced here was horrendous, and I will never step foot in this hotel again. I will be going out of my way to let everyone I can know about how sub par this hotel was and how crappy my experience was.  Shame on MGM for opening this hotel with such shitty customer service.  Oh, and our room wasn't ready for 2 hours.  HouseKeeping didn't show up till late afternoon, and overall I would rate my experience a 2 out of 10.
Check out is ridiculous!!!! Nice rooms and techy gadgets but check out in room doesn't even work and then when you get to the lobby...crazy long line.
When we booked our stay at Aria I expected a 5 star experience. WRONG. . . From the moment we got there we were disappointed. We were exiting our limo when a bell hop came over to us and asked to take and hold our bags as we go to check in. We explained that we have dinner reservations and needed our luggage ASAP to change and what not and we did not mind taking our own luggage up to our room. He insisted and promised that they will have our luggage up in 5 minutes. LIE. When we called down for our luggage they said 25-30 minutes. We explained the situation as well as our conversation with the bell hop and got "Well why don't you just come down here and get it yourself" as a response. (Strike 1). . Once in our room and unpacking we notice that there is dust everywhere. Not just in a few odd places, but EVERYWHERE. The table in between the two beds had a sheet of dust covering it, looked like no one had cleaned it in weeks. There was a leftover open snack on the counter. The bathroom floor had hair. We got a dirty room. We decided not to make a big deal of it as housekeeping will clean the room the following day. WRONG. The following day we did not leave our room until 2PM and housekeeping had still not showed up. No big deal. When we returned that evening our room was "cleaned". "Cleaned" meant they made the bed. They left the dust. They left the garbage. They left the pile of used, dirty towels and did not give us new towels. (Four girls, one room.. we need towels). We called down to request new towels, 20 minutes later someone brought us 2 towels.  (Strike 2). . When we checked in we asked for a late check out on the day we leave because we have a reservation for 5 girls at the hotel spa at 2PM. They assured us that would not be a problem, especially since we will be going to the spa. They said our check out time is 2PM. LIE. Saturday night we call down to double check our check out time. What do you know we are told to check out no later than noon and if we would like to stay and check out at 2 they will gladly charge us for the extra half day. Not to mention housekeeping came at 9AM banging on the door, not to clean the room but to see if we would like to have it cleaned later on. Are you kidding me? (Strike 3) . . If you have AT&T good luck. Hit or miss on your service and it doesn't matter if you are using 3G or the hotel Wi-Fi the Internet is horrible, mine worked in only 3 spots in the room. Every call ended in a drop call. For as high tech the room is I expected outlets everywhere. WRONG. No outlets by the bed. The only 2 outlets they have available in the room are on the table on the opposite side of the room. Hope you don't have to plug more than 4 things in. (Again 4 girls, 4 phones.. and then there is a camera, a notebook etc.. but I guess charging electronics in the bathroom outlet by the sink is acceptable at Aria). . . . The hotel itself including the casino floor does not have that Vegas smoke smell. The guest elevators are at a very inconvenient place. You check in and have to literally go through half of the casino to make it to the elevator. . The room itself was very dark and had almost no lighting. The hotel and rooms are very high tech, however the bedside remote to control the room is extremely bright. They have black out curtains that are opened/closed by remote and various buttons throughout the room, however when closed they do not work, light comes in. . The towels remind me of the cheap motel type. They were sandpaper rough. I expected some nice soft plush towels and robes instead I got motel towels. . The beds are very comfortable, so are the pillows.
Overall, nice accommodations.  Clean, new, with average air quality on casino floor.  However, the fact that the wifi only works from 6am to 8am makes this place a definite No-Go, if you need to access your emails or get work done.  Phones, tablets and laptops are completely off line here.  There does exist technology to fix this, but Aria has decided to not provide this to their clientele.  More offensive is that they charge you a mandatory $25 per day for their wifi access, which doesn't actually exist.  My wife and I visited other hotels, and had no issues getting emails.  Texting too doesn't work.  I would not stay here again; there are many other nice resorts where something so frustrating doesn't ruin the trip.
Aria is try-hard. . . The check-in guy made the worst small talk I've ever encountered. Utter dribble. Tried too hard to be friendly and came off super awkward and superficial. . . The rooms try too hard to be modern.  There are several sets of buttons in the room that do different things depending on the state of the room. Totally not intuitive, guys. Try to be more like Apple and less like Microsoft with your design choices.. . The rooms themselves are high-quality, clean, and look modern. If you're going for a sexy night, then it does the trick.. . ATT signal quality was poor in my room on the 18th floor, such that it would take about 5-10 min to send/receive messages. So, if you're making a rendezvous, you might want to communicate from the lobby floor.. . The supposed iPhone/iPod dock takes a proprietary connector that you must buy from the wet bar for ~$30. What a rip-off. So, bring a male-to-male audio cord that plugs into your headphone and into their line-in jack.. . Also, I could hear a family through the adjoining door in the room, so perhaps they could also hear me, my gf, and our $30 iPhone music at midnight. Oh well. I paid $$$ for the room, I'm gonna use it.
I just came back from long weekend trip with my girlfriends and we stayed at Aria hotel for 3 days. . Positives: the hotel is big and modern looking, right near the strip, has a yummy bakery Jean Philippe Patsserie.. Negatives: First off, the rooms were really dirty-sheets were not clean, our blankets had black marks on them, the towels had rust stains on them. The bed was really soft and the pillows were high and uncomfortable.. The service was horrible-the staff told us different check out times-one person told us checkout was at 11 and another said it was noon. Then on our last day, the cleaning staff knocked on the door and almost came in at 10 am because they thought we checked out while we were still sleeping. There was no coffee maker or complimentary, coffee tea, or water. They charged us $4 for us to have hot water and it took over half an hour for them to get it to us. They also charge each person a $25 service fee that's not included in the hotel fee.. One night we went out and came home at 5 am and our keys did not work, we had to walk all the way back to the hotel lobby and they told us that their system is down and that's why the keys are not working and made us wait for someone to open our room but we waited for 10 minutes and the guy never came. . The worst part was after we came back from shopping, one of my girlfriend's lost her bag. The cleaning staff had come in to clean the room and they threw out her bag which had her clothes and accessories in it! We had to file a report with security for her missing bag. They never located the bag when we left and she still has to wait a week to hear back to find how they will compensate her for the loss.. I would definitely not stay at this hotel again and not recommend anyone to spend their money on this hotel, Vegas has much better hotels to offer.
I visited LV recently, and wanted to visit the Aria casino.  I didn't drive there, but I quickly learned that you absolutely need to drive there.  The directions and maps to get there are horrible, they're confusing at best.  The entrance is a SO FAR from the real strip.  I felt like an Israelite travelling through the desert. . . It looks rather cheesy on the inside, and just not worth the time and energy I spent to get there and play.. . Never going there again...
I expected so much more out of this luxury hotel and resort.  The internet in your rooms is god awful, like really bad!  The electronic gadgetry is cool however it is definitely not reliable!. . Place is clean and acceptable however there are several other resorts that exceed Aria.
I travel extensively and spend ~75-100 nights in hotels.  This is the first time i haven't had maid service, ever.  The room was OK, the view acceptable, but no maid service on day 2 and I did not call as i got back to my room late and didn't want to stay up while my room was cleaned.  . . Later, I did contact Aria and give them input and i've heard nothing.  The only think i can take from this is that they are OK with no maid service and they don't mind complaints.  I have another conference at this hotel in July; I think i'll stay somewhere else.
This place is beautiful, but beware...... If you touch anything in the minibar, you bought it, and it won't necessarily be itemized on your bill.  Check your bill carefully and if someone at the front desk will actually talk to you, ask questions. The service is sloooow.  At the buffett, we waited for 15 minutes for the privilege  of being able to ask for coffee and another 15 minutes for delivery.  Buffett price on the weekends $36.00, champagne or mimosas extra.  Now I know where the Wall street guys go to play.
As an update, the crummy small room has dark and ugly furniture and the shower had very weak water pressure. We moved out of here after one night and into the Venetian, where the rooms were the same price, literally twice as large and the customer service far better. . . Aria may be new but seriously, what a dump.
I know I know,it was memorial weekend and whole las Vegas was packed.....but I made a reservation around 3weeks ago, and they juz ignored my request of 2queen beds room. Giving me a king size bed with a add-on twin bed instead. Tht room costs 560+tax.....my fds and I juz didn't feel good and not quite acceptable.... Worst???? The add-on bed was standing against he wall when we got in....then we asked them to set it, we checked it 4hrs later(around 1 am) and it was till standing up. Paying extreme high price to receive this kind of service in a five stars hotel just doesn't make sense and all I can say is disappointing.
WORST HOTEL IVE EVER STAYED AT IN VEGAS!!!!. . First, housekeeping stole a $100 bill out of my wallet when they did the turn down service (i dont gamble so I know I didn't spend my $$) . . Second, my key was deactivated about 15 times during my 4 night stay and the keys wouldnt even work when I would go down to the concierge and ask for a replacement so every time I wanted to get into my room I was at the mercy of security to let me into my own room. This was extremely inconveniencing at 2pm, 5pm, and 2am especially when security took their sweet time (upwards of 30 minutes) to let me into my room. . . THEN, after I complained, one of the managers said I could have a $40 room credit which I planned to use on room service after I had gotten off work. I ordered a SALAD at 12am hoping it would arrive in an hour...no. Two hours later, I called to cancel my order because I was going to bed...starving. . . Finally after that charade happened, I left a dress in another room. I called 2 weeks later wondering if it had been turned into lost & found. Immediately the lady on the other line said it wasn't there and they only keep items for 14 days. Remind you, she hadn't asked what my checkout date was or for a description of the dress. So rude. I never wish a stay at the Aria upon anyone. Its aesthetically pleasing but the customer service is worse than Circus Circus. A bunch of selfish clowns who could care less about their consumer.
We come to gamble/hang out here every time were in Vegas so we finally decided to stay here. Unfortunately, our first stay here was a huge letdown. Poor customer service, poor management.. . Tried to check-in early around 2:45p, they said they don't do early check-ins and the computers were down anyway. Fine, so we hang around and come back around4:30p... Holy crap there are about 200 people in line! Employees "strongly suggest" we come back at 8p to skip the line. We ask if there's an Mlife line, they say no. Ooookay... That's weird, since every other MGM property has one, for those handy times you book through Mlife and trouble is we wanted to use our resort credit to take my dad out for a birthday dinner at Sage. Can't do that if I don't have my room.... . Anyway, it's now 7p, we go to check the line and there now appear to be even more people waiting in line. We tell the new guy who seems to be manning the lines that the lady who previously helped us told us to come back later, and incredulously he asks why we would ever do that and moreover no employee would ever suggest that -- okay jerk, so the 5 other people with the same story at the bar... we're all liars? He walks away. Awesome customer service buddy! . . So now we say screw it, decide to wait and hope we can get through it in time for bday dinner... 3 hours later we finally get to the front of the line and they don't even have my reservation. She goes off to look for it so we wait even more. Finally, around 11p we make it into our room. Check out's at 11a, so we just paid for 12 hrs. Absurd. . . We're only staying one night here and we've already lost 7+hrs with the room, dinner, and wasted way too much time in line. Oh yeah, come to find out there is an Mlife line after all, and no, not everyone had to wait in the same line. . . But the kicker is they wouldn't extend our resort credit, all the restaurants are now closed, so what... Are we supposed to use it on 20$ room service donuts in the morning? Totally unacceptable damage control by management. It is NOT HARD to give a gift card instead so we can take my pops out to dinner the next day. Can't even take him to lunch.. . So, pretty sure I won't be coming back here. Hotel is gorgeous, rooms are gorgeous, I'm sure Sage would've been amazing, but lack of service just killed it for me. I get the computer crashes were not their fault but how they mishandled every thing after it was. Take your money next door to the Cosmo and get actual 5 star treatment.. . 1 for service. 4 for hotel
First and foremost, I should tell you I'm giving them 1 star simply because I can't give them 0 stars.. . I booked a room for 3 days during EDC weekend- had an early flight so I called a few days before(Thursday) to see if they allowed early check-in, was told absolutely. We arrived 8:30/9:00am to find that their system had been down since Tuesday and they couldn't check-in until 3:00. Shouldn't I have been told that when I called on Thursday? After walking the strip in 100 degree heat all morning, I went back to Aria around 1:00 to see if anything had changed- it hadn't. I hung out in the lobby until 3:00 only to find that check-in had been pushed to 5:00 because the computer system wasn't back up. Tell me this- what did we do before computers? . Currently, there are 500+ people in the lobby waiting to check-in(the line wraps around the building). And what's being done? Absolutely nothing. . . Way to go Aria- we paid a premium price for a premium experience and what do we get? A day of vacation absolutely wasted.
Oh Aria. . . True, that your a well decorated hotel. Art collection, rooms to die for, modern in all ways, fancy controls to open and close the curtains. Incredible location.. Oh how I wanted to love you.... To be held in your arms and whispered sweet things to. However, that was merely a Vegas illusion.. . Sadly, I was there to witness the complete and utter meltdown of the front desk reservation system over 5 days (Side note, this also affected all MGM property's in Vegas.) While computers do go down, it's the service that should make up for the inconvenience. Sadly, for a property of Aira's caliber, the service was less than stellar. In fact, I've received better service at the HoJo in who knows were Iowa. . . Highlights include, being told that we didn't have a room after being checked in, receiving no less than 4 different rate quotes ($108, to $399) to add on an extra night, being told that "we have no rooms left" (After we already changed our outgoing flight to stay said extra night, that did exist just a few hours before) and a security guard who never did show up as promised to let us into our rooms (after we returned from seeing, Love (EXCELLENT show BTW) and found that our add on night reservation had "Vanished" from there now running computer system and we were locked out of our hotel room (We were told we'd have to pay a higher rate just to get back into our room and they would "adjust it in the morning" ) . . (Side note, had we called security for a more pressing situation, would they have shown up then?). . After explaining our room rate quest, many times over. Seeing many many MANY reports from others who had waited 8plus hours to check in, or had folks walking into rooms that were occupied already. We left. Upon checkout, after once again going over the rates and bill, I had to haggle to get it lowered and the front desk girl while nice, still seemed uninterested in the problems we had had. Had I wanted to miss my flight out, I would have stayed and addressed this further, as it is I will be following up with a letter to the hotel GM and the BBB.. . This conversation, as we were leaving the hotel's taxi stand between a Taxi driver and the hotel porter sums things up perfectly... Taxi Driver: "How's it going this morning": Aria Porter: "Horrible, I haven't made a tip all morning!". . I didn't tip the guy either!
WOW. first AND last time i'll ever stay at Aria.. . Ok, so I don't know whose genius idea it was to update and take offline the reservations system the day before EDC AND during a Manny Pacquiao weekend, but all systems were down when I attempted to check-in Thursday.. . One thing I've noticed lately about my visits to fancy schmancy places is that management or the highers that be are seldom as great as the employees that support them. The bellhop that greeted us and helped us with our bags and the front desk agents that I encountered were WONDERFUL and the saving graces of a hotel that is quickly spiraling down like pennies into a barrel for the make-a-wish foundation.. . how can i sum up aria in one word? butterface.. . I liken Aria to the butterface of the strip. For a definition, see http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=butterface . . You see, Aria is HOT. It's shiny, it's pretty, it's relatively new. for the city center uninitiated, and from the glossiness of its glossy photos from its glossy website, i thought that aria would be a classy joint in a classy plaza, but alas, everything is good but. her. face. . . if you will, let's imagine that the exterior (architecture, art, tables, fancy rooms with remote-controlled everythang) is the body. Judging Aria by its cover, DAMN the girl is banging! But when you factor in a 3 hour wait to check in (i knew all those suits huddled in the middle while sorting through stacks of paper wasn't a good thing), and the lack of communication between staff members...she ugly, yo.. . For being inconvenienced, aria was giving away room comps. they told us to call the next morning for our comps, and so i did. guy said i would get X amount, and that was that. when i went to use it the next day, however, the person on the other end of the line said that it wasn't good anymore since i had already checked out.. . well, damn,  if i KNEW i couldn't use the comp after i checked out, I WOULD'VE USED IT BEFORE I CHECKED OUT. i told her that i was never informed that i had to use it prior to checking out, and like an elementary school shouting match, she kept snapping "well, you had to use your comps before you checked out." hey, beezy, i ain't deaf. i heard you the FIRST TIME, and so i repeated with, "yes, you just SAID that, and I just said that i wouldn't have checked out if i'd known. the gentleman on the phone FAILED. TO. MENTION. THAT. TO. ME." her, "well, there's nothing that i can do." me, "this IS a casino. can't you write up a comp?" her, "we. don't. do. that. here." . . oh, damn, fancy pants Aria is too fancy to write up comps?? . . luckily, the cashier took pity on me and suggested that i go see a manager, so i went downstairs and straight to the front desk.  explained to james, the young asian gentleman (in case Aria management would like to promote an excellent employee) at the desk my predicament, and he went off to talk to his manager to see what he could do.. . he comes back about ten minutes later with a comp double the size of my original one. when i saw the paper in his hands, my eyes widened and i squeaked, "SHE LIED TO ME?!" james, "excuse me?" to which i had to explain to him what had happened only moments before (the extremely unpleasant exchange). James then apologizes for the mishap.  it wasn't even his fault and he apologized. i have yet to hear an apology from the snarky trick on the phone. . . bottom line: there will always be a bigger, better, and brighter mega-casino popping up on the strip, but what keeps them in business is their staff. with inconsistent service, from the kind and friendly to the vitriolic, Aria won't be around for long unless it starts to quality check its services & employees from the top--down.. . i, for one, am done with Aria, and the experience has actually turned me off from the strip. Thankfully, i spent 3 days at the lovely Golden Nugget downtown, and will be frequenting that casino and its downtown sistas & bruthas whenever I come to vegas from now on. does that mean i'm getting old, or does that mean i've finally wised up to the sheer pretentiousness that often occurs on-strip? who knows...one thing i can assure you of is that i will stay away from aria's nasty ass face. no matter how cool that one button control is.
Bad hotel set up. Looong walk from parking to lobby ckin unless using valet. Ckin counter is small and unclear and so slow. Nice room with hi-tech technology but the air-conditioner blow right at the desk if you need to work and it cannot be adjust the air directiont. Also, don't touch or remove anything in the fridge $50 penalty even you not consume it. Everything here is charger. It is a casino. No coffee maker in the room either. Not impressed at all. Going anywhere is a mile walk changing elevator from one to another and take another walk to parking area. For sure will not return and not recommend to anyone.
For the record, this will serve as not only my first online review, but my first review of anything that was not assigned to me since grade school. I have decided that my ridiculously unprofessional experience at this hotel/casino deserves my effort to sign up for this website to share my experinces.. . Lets start with the hotel room. I believe I was one of the ones (or many, according to past reviewers) that have received a "reject" room. I did not get the auto-curtain-opening feature along with any "welcoming" in any way, shape, or form upon entering.The shower/bath smelled like urine from check-in to check-out.  One of the serving trays did not work (fold out) properly for an in-room dining service I ordered totaling over $100 for two.. . Now onto the casino. The minimums are abnormally high for table games. There is little variety of slots compared to any other major casino. And for the icing on the cake - one of the ladies (the heavyset lady, I would think of a nicer description, but she's not, so...) behind the M Life (the casino's player's club) counter, seemed very irritated and upset that I even dared to walk up to her to ask questions... and when I did approach her, no "hi" or "how can I help you", just a blank, empty stare. The answer to my question was then met with a very rude tone of voice. I felt that she was about to go all-out ghetto on me, complete with the whipping of the head back and forth, but refraining from doing so only because she remembers that there are cameras watching her as well.. . Finally, for the cherry on top, this is supposed to be a 5-star resort.. . Pro's? The location.. . . Anywho... not bad for a first review eh?
We travel to Vegas all the time and stay at different resorts each trip.  Just returned from our stay at Aria and were VERY disappointed.  . . Bads:. 1. Check in took 45 min, front desk person was SLOWWWWWW...... 2. Buffet was so surprisingly bad it was laughable. Lasagna was cafeteria grade.... 3. Decor is boring, 50 shades of brown.... 4. Bring your flashlight, the rooms are very dark, but on the plus side, it does hide the ugly decor.. 5. VERY LITTLE signage.  Spent a lot of time guessing what direction.. 6. Pools were remarkably dull, reminded me of a city pool.. 7. Gaming area is small and unappealing.. 8. Long walk to the valet, bad design. 9. Hallways are like caves. . Goods:. The technology in the rooms was interesting.. Very comfy beds. . If you want to stay at a nice resort we suggest Wynn, Bellagio, The Venetian, Mandalay Bay, in other words, anyplace other than Aria.. . For the people giving this hotel great reviews, you really need to check out the other Mega resorts, they are SO MUCH BETTER
This place is like a MAZE. If you love walking and you want to shed 3-5 pounds and don't mind going lost in the building then this is the place for you. The distance from SELF PARK to the front desk is about 3/4 mile. The front desk staff is rude and enjoy getting into confrontations with the guests. The line is long and the check-in staff is not properly trained. The supervisor (Trevor) is confused about being in hospitality environement and love running his loud mouth - They promised a call from GM to clarify the outstanding issue and to date I haven't seen an email or heard back from the so called GM - DO NOT STAY HERE!!!
STAY AWAY!!. . Stayed here back in April for a night away while in town visiting family and became violently ill the next morning - and we didn't even drink!  Apparently we weren't the only ones - Google it and you'll see that all kinds of people were getting sick here.  Do you really want to chance it?. . Contacted the hotel immediately after returning home and explained the situation, even filled out an online survey they sent me and I checked the little box to have someone contact me about my stay and ... nothing.  No response, no call back, no email back, no anything.  . . Will NEVER, EVER stay here again.
Check-in was horrible , worst I have ever seen in LV. The managers and the check in people were unconcerned about 30 min to 1 hour check in , and even rude
Just checked out after spending over $2000 during our stay just on room & dining, including meals at Cafe Vettro, Sirio's and Seranno's.  When we asked the surly woman at checkout why a $20 per day "resort fee" had been added to our bill, she replied "all guests pay it".  Oh really? Why don't you disclose that fee at check-in?. . Later on, I did find a slip of paper inside the original envelope, saying the fee would be added, but not how much it was. Why isn't that simply added to the room fee?  Sleazy.. . The inside of the hotel is nice enough, until they force you to walk through the smoke filled casino just to get to the elevators. Ouch!  We stayed on the 50th floor in a nice sized room, but their approach is "low light", which is ok except two of the lightbulbs didn't work, so we should have brought our own flashlight.. . Nice bathroom, but layout a bit odd with the bathtub behind the shower.  Have never seen that before. . . Best feature are the floor to ceiling windows, which offer a great view of the mountains.  The sight of the sun hitting the mountains at dawn, is one of the best things about Vegas.. . After we checked out we stopped for a drink at the sports bar, where a surly bartender named Tyrone, reluctantly gave us two drinks. I thanked him but he said nothing. Drinks tasted watered down. I gave him a respectable tip and he just stared into space. Hello??. . My negative review is largely because we stayed at the Cosmopolitan last year, which was much better. The hotel staff were much friendlier, the hotel is clearly the top property in LV - a step above the Aria - and they did not slip in a slimy resort fee... . Finally, the Mlife rewards program is really poor compared to the Cosmopolitan's.  The Cosmo welcomed us back with weekend brunch at the Wicked Spoon, including unlimited Bellinis/Bloody Marys.  I mentioned that to the Mlife Player's Club and they just stared into space, like they could never even imagine that.  They even got a bit defensive and stated that the Cosmo is their main competition, but that they can't match their offers.
The hotel is nice.  All the restaurants are overpriced.  Just walk next door to the Monte Carlo for much cheaper and similar type food.  DO NOT ever gamble at the Aria.  Machines and tables are extremely tight.  Spent $1,000 dollars and have won about $150 total.  I will never, ever be back again.
This was my worst Las Vegas experience.  The Aria has to be the most overpriced, worst customer service hotel in Vegas!. . Bad, overpriced food, rude service (lose use of reference) staff.  Stay somewhere else...please!
We had friends staying at the Wynn and we were at Aria. Staff said our friends could visit us at the pool. When they arrived they were not allowed in. Management, including manager, Sally, was extremely. It messed up plans for the day for 12 people!
Short version. My fiance leaves our room for the night to meet up with her friends while I stay back to watch our 10 month old. Secunity inexplicably stops her and start harassing her at the elevator. They had her mixed up with someone else, but refused to call our room so I could clear it up. They lied and told her they were police officers, threatened to process her and throw her in jail, would not let her leave, and all this was in front of the very public cafe. They also lied and told her she was on a red flag list; her name and address matched. It took over 1/2 hour and I had to wake the baby before they realized they were wrong. BTW, her name was on the registration, but apparently it's the hotels policy that known trespassers can register at the hotel but can't stay there. Adam Schlientz was the head security person who was treating us like criminals even after realizing they had made a mistake. He actually told us we had no right to be upset. We went to the front desk to complain, but assistant manager Dan Jordan was no help at all. We never received an apology or a call back from anyone. Not only was the night ruined, she was so embarrassed that she didnt want to leave the room again. The next night we ordered room service. That's not what we went to Vegas for. I have stayed at nearly every nice casino in Vegas, but I've never been treated so poorly. Vegas is really good about customer service. Aria apparently doesn't think it's important. I still don't know what the real reason is that they stopped her.
I've been to all of the City Center hotels and ARIA has been by far the WORST experience I've ever had.. . Upon arrival, I was greeted unpleasantly by the worker.  She had my girlfriend and I wait due to their computers being down.  We waited with other guests for 20 minutes then came back to the counter where she didn't even apologize for the wait.. . I ignored it and just wanted to get to my room.  We get our keys and go to the room and our room was already booked.  Someone was inside our room (30159).  It turns out the girl wrote the room number wrong on our card, it was suppose to be 30156.  REALLY? Are you really that dumb? I felt it was deliberate and came down and complained about her rudeness and our situation.. . The new person was nicer and apologized and said she'd credit me 28 dollars back to my card for the resort fees.  Total lie. When I left after our 2 nights stay, they still charged me for the full resort fees for both days.  . . This is the worst experience I've ever had at City Center.  Vdara, Mandarin Oriental and Cosmo were FAR superior in customer service and handling situations.  I cannot recommend this hotel and I will not be staying/visiting again.
Decided to stay here in Vegas for a staycation we chose the Aria Hotel and Casino because of $100 dining credit that came with the two nights during Christmas.  Upon check-in they told me I didn't have any $100 credit voucher when I clearly booked for one.  After telling them how I booked and how it was all over the internet when I booked the hotel manager on duty still did not honor my credit.  He told me I could cancel my reservation if I wanted to.  How rude?  Really??? I am already to check in and he tells me to cancel.  I was already upset upon checking in so I knew it wasn't going to be a great experience after 45 min. of trying to argue for my credit.  Oh well...I checked in to the rooms anyway because I wont let this incident ruin my stay.  After checking in they did call to say they honor it but I was already upset and so was my wife.  Definitely not 5 star service.  . Valet was awful as well since they didn't open the doors for my wife and family and just threw the keys on the seats.  I felt like they just want the tip and not give a real experience.  Overall I think the property was beautiful but the customer here sucks!!!. I will definitely not be returning here for future stay.
I will admit, at first I was impressed with the modern look of the resort and the rooms were beautiful.  I liked the security at the elevators also...the checking of the key cards gave me a sense of safety....BOY WAS I WRONG!!!. . My husband and I stayed there October 2012 ...the pool was lovely, the room service was quick...everything seemed great.  . . Then, on the last day when we were packing to go home, we realized that one of our shopping bags was missing! $300.00 of merchandise STOLEN!!!  We contacted the maid service...nothing. We contacted the front desk...nothing.  We contacted the loss prevention dept...nothing.  Security said they would have to look into it.  We gave them times, dates everything they needed to find out what happened to the bag....one month later, we received a letter from the resort stating that they had done a full investigation, and found no wrong doing.  WHAT!???  Doesn't act like a "5star resort" to me!!. . To make a long story short, DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU DON'T WANT YOUR THINGS STOLEN!!!!!. . PERIOD
Short version. My fiance leaves our room for the night to meet up with her friends while I stay back to watch our 10 month old. Secunity inexplicably stops her and start harassing her at the elevator. They had her mixed up with someone else, but refused to call our room so I could clear it up. They lied and told her they were police officers, threatened to process her and throw her in jail, would not let her leave, and all this was in front of the very public cafe. They also lied and told her she was on a red flag list; her name and address matched. It took over 1/2 hour and I had to wake the baby before they realized they were wrong. BTW, her name was on the registration, but apparently it's the hotels policy that known trespassers can register at the hotel but can't stay there. Adam Schlientz was the head security person who was treating us like criminals even after realizing they had made a mistake. He actually told us we had no right to be upset. We went to the front desk to complain, but assistant manager Dan Jordan was no help at all. We never received an apology or a call back from anyone. Not only was the night ruined, she was so embarrassed that she didnt want to leave the room again. The next night we ordered room service. That's not what we went to Vegas for. I have stayed at nearly every nice casino in Vegas, but I've never been treated so poorly. Vegas is really good about customer service. Aria apparently doesn't think it's important. I still don't know what the real reason is that they stopped her.
Considering the level of service we got while staying at the Aria for our wedding weekend, I think THEY should have paid US to be there. . . It was a complete disaster... from the unsatisfactory rooms (beware: the Aria has a very loose interpretation of "city view") to the lazy housekeeping to the improper handling of my credit card at the salon. . . We booked three rooms for us and our wedding guests. I told the reservationist that I wanted three really nice rooms (but not suites) and that price was not an issue. I asked her to just book us the nicest rooms that weren't suites. Apparently, that translated to three rooms below level 15: one with double beds and one with only a "wedge" window, which is basically a prison-window view of the city. Very disappointing.. . Housekeeping both nights included nothing more than bed-making and emptying the trash. Dirty room service plates and dirty washclothes on the shower floor were left for us to pickup ourselves. And forget about any tidying up. If it weren't for the new trash liner, I would have had no idea housekeeping came at all. Not exactly the room you want to walk into on your wedding night. . . I was pleased with the services at the salon (and for $1700, I should sure hope so), but I was surprised to find three additional charges on my credit card from the salon after I had left. Apparently, they had discovered a few extra items they had neglected to charge me for. Had they called me and informed me of this before re-charging my card, it would have been no problem, but the fact that they just went and charged it for additional items (some of the duplicate, I might add) seemed really shady. The fact that it took me almost four weeks to get someone from the accounting department to look into the issue and call me back was particularly perturbing, and the presence of accidental duplicate charges made it clear that the Aria salon is entirely haphazard with their customer's credit card information. . . My complaints fell flat at checkout, and it took me following up and asking for a manager in order to receive any offer of retribution. I was told they would email me a voucher for a free suite upgrade at my next stay, but it never came. Empty promises. . . At this point, even if I did finally receive the voucher I wouldn't stay at the Aria again. They seriously dropped the ball on a really important weekend for me, and two months later my anger still bites.
I checked in to this seemingly fabulous hotel which is quite expensive, and asked a simple request to have a refrigerator delivered to my room to keep medication cold. They said no problem. I waited one hour and still no refrigerator, so I called down to remind them and asked if they could still deliver it if I went to dinner because I was now starving. They said absolutely and it would be delivered shortly. Three hours later near midnight still no refrigerator. I originally asked for it when I checked in at 7pm. Seriously? 5 hours and you can't manage such a simple task? Plus what is the $28 dollar a day charge for internet about (they call it a hotel service fee which is charged as an incidental but it includes internet)? Stay clear! There are much better hotels in both quality and customer service in Vegas!
Aria should pay attention to who they hire to represent their company. It's a big turn off.. . Britney, the receptionist at the front desk, was one of the most aloof and careless hotel receptionist I've encountered. Her greeting was dry, she lacked effort when we asked her questions, and she jotted down the wrong room number. I was hoping to be impressed by this place as I were with all the other city center hotels but the service at Aria really disappointed me. It makes me think Aria treats their employees like crap because no one seems happy there.
We had a bad experience at the Aria :-(. . 1- We booked 3 rooms and received an email a week later offering us a $25 dollar "up grade" for the view/room.  2 of us paid it, and one did not.  When we got there, all 3 rooms were the same type of view, including the ones that we paid extra money for.  We were told that view interpretation varies!  I think we just paid extra for the same rooms we would have gotten anyhow.. . 2-  Hidden Fees!  Upon checkout we saw a $25 dollar a day Resort Fee.  We were told this was for a newspaper, gym use, and WiFi.  Really?  We were never told about these resources or fees.  I later researched it, and apparently several Hotels have one, but the Aria/MGM is the highest compared to other hotels which charge $6.00-$11.00 dollars daily.. . 3- At night you can hear everyone loud and clear talking in the halls.. . 4-  The line to check-in was like the DMV on a Friday!  And for some reason it wouldn't allow us to express checkout in our room, so we also waited to checkout.. . 5- Our touch pad to control everything in the room was  not working all the time!. . 6- The bell service is split into two seperate areas with seperate staff, so you are expected to tip the guy taking your luggage, and then tip the guy who brings your luggage back.  Usually, you tip on recieving your luggage and all tips are shared.  I asked a bell employee about the system.. . All in all, not going back and won't recommend.
We were not warned that if you add anything to the minibar, (like a can of beer in our case), you will be charged a $50 fee.  Also, do not move anything in the minibar - if you do - there you go - you will be charged a fee of $50.  Don't you even touch anything - if you do - there will be charge of $50.  It's a scam!  In addition, they charged us for some items from the minibar just "out of the blue", things we never took from the minibar. The two pillowcases were not clean (stained) and they didn't replace them during our 4-day stay in this hotel. . . There are some hidden fees, for example a resort fee of $28 per night, that includes Internet Access.  It is very difficult to connect to the Internet, and when you do, you will be kicked out of the net after 20-30 minutes of use (good luck trying to re-connect).
I too don't like focusing on the negative but I could not stop thinking about how much I paid for drinks there and nobody seemed to be having fun.  . . If your into feeling like your in an exclusive setting, classy, highbrow, maybe a little snooty, then this is the place for you.  There wasn't alot of energy, nobody seemed to be having any fun, I don't think anyone was winning anything in the casino.  Everybody must have been on Xanax or some kind of antiaxiety medication.  . . At first glance the place is actually beautiful and there was this hint of vanilla in the air.  Then you feel like this place is trying just a little bit too hard to look exclusive, fresh, and new, but we've seen it before.. . We walked to the "Players Club" and asked for information regarding one of their shows.  The woman with the butterfly tatoo on her neck was completely rude, snooty, rolled her eyes at us and sent us upstairs to the box office.  She should not be in the hospitality industry.  We've been to several casinos and hotels around here and got great service, smiles, happy to give you information in a curteous and professional manner that you would expect. . . This place completely missed the mark for me and trying way too hard to be classy and exclusive, it made me feel unwelcomed.  On the way out we bumped into a couple of girls and I had to ask how they liked this new casino and they also did not like it and commented on "energy" of the place.
Four of us had the buffet last Saturday night. Total price 187.00. This turned into a grossly nightmare. For the next three days three of us experienced gastric pain, vomiting, etc. awful, awful experience. I called the front desk who transferred me to the buffett manager, who passed it off to security for an investigation. Obviously nothing will be done. Please beware of the seafood buffett. This ruined our whole trip. We didnt dare leave our room.
Horrible customer service. This hotel based on customer service should be a TWO STAR hotel. The reservation department is incompetent of their job. Lots of inconsistency. I was just shocked how they couldn't reserve my room when I put down my credit card to guarantee it. Management need to train the whole reservation staff. Trust me every time I called I got a different answer.
Boy, has this place ever declined.  Stayed there this last weekend (March 8-10, room 19-231) and was very disappointed with the experience this time around compared to my stay there at this time last year.  Boy, where to begin?.... . First, one of the novelties of the Aria is the fact that, upon entering your room for the first time, the lights come on, the motorized draperies open, your TV comes on to welcome you, etc.  My room?  None of that happened.  I had to fumble to find the light switches and, once I did, was able to get the drapes open finally.  I was surprised to see a couple rungs of the draperies hanging loose.  What housekeeper sees that and deems it acceptable???  Tried to turn on the desk lamp but it was broken.  The edges of the wood desks had the finish worn off as well -- something a little furniture polish or even a magic marker could fix in an instant.  Surprising that the hotel pays no attention to detail like that.  I felt like I was in a cheap motel this time.  For that price you expect superiority, not mediocrity.   Oh -- and I had specifically sent a request ahead of time, a request they acknowledged via email, to be put in a room on a higher floor.  They stuck me on the 19th, while most of my co-workers were given rooms on the 35th floor.  Funny, considering that they were right behind me in line at check-in, yet the associate who helped ME said there were no rooms higher than the 19th floor.. . So I finally get settled and begin to relax when all of a sudden a VERY loud party starts up in the room next to mine.  There must've been 20 people in the room, early 20's, and obviously very intoxicated.  I eventually caved and called security.  Some guy eventually showed up, but it didn't make much difference.  I finally had to leave my room as I couldn't even hear my TV over the noise.  When I came back an hour later all was quiet, but only because they had gone out.  It started up again upon their return at about 3:30 AM.. . After spending all day at the NASCAR races the next day (tired as heck due to lack of sleep thanks to the party) I returned at around 5:00 PM to find that my room had not been serviced and, from the looks of it, housekeeping was gone for the day.  I went down to the concierge desk and let them know, then headed out to dinner.  When I came back it was obvious they had been there.  However, they must've done a rush job because my dirty drinking glasses were still where they had been left, my used & wet towel & wash cloth were still in the shower, and the amenities had not been replaced.  Consequently I had to shower the next morning with no shampoo.. . On my final night there, I was jarred awake at around 3:00 AM, again from the room next door.  Great, I thought, the party gang is back.  Strangely, however, there was no talking or yelling like before.  As I stepped into the hall to see what all the clanking of glass bottles was, I discovered it was HOUSEKEEPING.  Who the heck cleans rooms at 3:00 AM, waking up everyone at that end of the hallway?  When the lady stepped out to dump yet another bag of cans & bottles in the hallway, I said, "Really? Cleaning a room that noisily at 3:00 AM?"  She just looked at me and said, "yeah, and?".  Gee, pardon me for wanting to have a satisfying stay without a 2nd night of loud noise to keep me from sleeping.. . So in conclusion, I was deeply disappointed with this stay.  It seemed obvious that the hotel doesn't take as much pride in being special anymore.  Time to look elsewhere next time I'm in Vegas.
This hotel is Sadly going downhill. Attention to detail is lacking. I blame management for not insisting on higher standards. It'll be losing its place among elite hotels soon if it continues. I won't be back. In fact I contracted a bacterial stomach infection from their buffet!! Awful.
This was the WORST EXPERIENCE IVE EVER HAD! I even made a LIST of ALL THE BULLSHIT that went wrong on this trip! . 1.took 45 minutes to find lobby. 2.lights in my hotel room didn't work. 3.not enough plug sockets in the room. 4.bad customer service all around the hotel (i was basically told that i was stupid for not knowing how to use the lights in the room!). 5.loud booming music from night club forced me to chage rooms and kept me awake til 4am. 6.got into new room and the phone doesn't work. 7.I've had to spend 3/4ths of my time fixing shitty bullshit problems with this hotel!!!. I WILL NEVER STAY IN THIS PIECE OF SHIT HOTEL EVER AGAIN! YOU SHOULDNT EITHER! This was a vacation for me birthday and it was RUINED by THE ARIA :"(
Terrible.. . I ordered a burger at the pool and got food poisoning. . . I attempted to sleep it off in between trips to the bathroom, but couldn't even think about resting as the beds here have 12 inches of pillow top. It's like sleeping on a bean bag. If you want any back support, you're going to be miserable. My lower back is in terrible pain.. . Apart from serving tainted food, the pool areais super bland and very uninspiring. Then there is "Liquid" - a genius name for a pool. It's insanely small, blasts the most standard Jersey Shore music you could ever hear, and costs $100 to sit down. You will definitely feel like a chump as you walk out to go to the "normal" pools because it's so bad in there.. . The casino/hotel itself is also amazingly bland. It's "contemporary" maybe, but has absolutely no personality and bored me to death.
Wow Aria! You really went out of your way this time! Above and beyond! That's right; you made it painfully clear you do not wish us to return. It wasn't just the bait-and-switch of reservation prices at the counter, nooo, you went all out and gave both my wife and myself food poisoning from the buffet! I spent the better part of 3am expelling your buffet! Nice touch! So nice in fact, we cancelled our reservations at Picasso so we could reminisce poolside amongst the myriad of helicopters about the buffet. The experience was so poor, my wife and I simultaneously decided we not be returning to Las Vegas anytime soon. But more certainly, we would never return to the Aria.
I joined my husband on a business trip and was super excited. It's been awhile since I've been to Vegas and was eager to check out the newer hotels (i.e., The Aria). Aesthetically, the hotel is beautiful. Our room was great, the bed was comfy, loved the his and hers closets and the automatic open and close feature for the curtains was pretty cool. Here is where is goes downhill. We wanted to watch the UFC fight Saturday night and find out the only place it is showing is a tiny lounge (The Deuce) at the hotel. We call to make reservations and are informed it will be $500 for a table!!! Are you freaking kidding me? I would've stayed home and watched it for $60 in my PJs. If you want to sit at the bar and watch it, you only need to pay the $25 cover, which we ended up doing. We got to the lounge right at 6 PM. when the fights started and there was only one other couple sitting at the bar. I thought our bartender would be nice and chat it up with us, as this is what I've experienced every other time in Vegas. She only engaged when asking if we needed another beer. The rest of the time she and the servers were gossiping the entire time, another bartender was crying, and the management (a bunch of bald guys in suits) did nothing. They were worse! Drinking and taking shots while working. So unprofessional and impersonal. Later in the evening I saw two servers high-fiving each other when she said her table's bill was over $1000. The bar should of been called THE DOUCHE! It felt like no one would pay attention to you unless you were dropping $100 bills. Not impressed and never going back!
Overpriced . Stuffy . No service our room was left dirty . Room service cold and awful gaming . Love Louis Vuitton but I can get that anywhere else in Vegas !! Stay elsewhere this place is a joke .the casino is silent no winning here move on lol
Reservation was incorrect and charges to credit card was incorrect.  After 2 hours of numerous call, waiting on hold and being passed around it finally got finished.. . Highly don't recommend.
The hotel is beautiful and the rooms are nice. That's what the 1 star is for. The front desk crew are not helpful and lie to guests. If you don't know something, ask someone and make an effort. We were treated like trash. Be careful if you have a promotion. They will try to not give it to you. We ate at the 24 hour restaurant and they were doing construction while we ate. Food was okay but who wants to hear drilling while they eat? This hotel has the worst customer service I've ever received. They need to train their staff better and get rid of dead weight.
WE WILL NEVER RETURN. The husband and I came to celebrate our honeymoon in Vegas. I prepaid over $1000 for our 4 night stay, purchased aquarium and cirque tickets (which it took them an hour to even locate) and was ready to be pampered all week. Check in took forever as they had missed my request for a non smoking room.  They said there were none available; when the concierge finally found one, she didn't apologize or anything for the wait.... I had also called ahead to let them know this trip would be our honeymoon... When we got to the room, there wasn't even a bottle of champ!  The room was fine; not any nicer than the Four Seasons or Mandalay Bay. The buttons and light switches are confusing and my engineer husband nor I couldnt really nail it down the whole week.  I immediately unpacked and realized there was no coffee maker--- REALLY?!?? We called downstairs to have one brought up and they said none of their rooms had one...(we walked to CVS to purchase one....this is obviously a ploy to get us to spend more, but really? This is supposed to be a luxurious hotel). The wireless connection is horrible and the remote control barely worked on the television--- frustrating! We ate dinner at the Mexican restaurant Javiers(the border grill inside Mandalay Bay was waaaay better) and it was pricey with little vegetarian/health food options.. . The 2nd day, I awoke and brewed some of my own coffee, called downstairs for a coffee creamer....literally one TBSP worth...$10. Really? You couldn't offer to go above and beyond for a tiny coffee creamer? Ridiculous.  I thought about buyin a bottle at cvs, and then saw the $50 restocking fee If any items on the minibar are touched.. . We were gettin ready to head out for the day- so I opened my special compartment of my wallet that I was keeping all of the cash we received for our wedding in... Wouldn't you know it, $100 was missing.  My husband and I ripped our room. apart to be absolutely sure (even though I KNEW I was certain. I hid that money, so we didn't touch it until our honeymoon.). We called the front desk who sent security up to our room. He was loosely goosey and didn't seem. To give a crap about what was happening. We filled out a statement and he took pictures of my wallet (very SVU.) I've read other reviews about guests having stuff stolen, so I imagine this is common and we probably won't see that $100 again.. . Housekeeping was a joke--- all they did was make our beds.... Didn't ever clean upt used coffee mugs or wipe down the bathroom mirrors. They even knocked on our door at 11pm one night. What the heck? The rooms are not sound proof either. Maids work around the clock and we could hear them. Banging around and yelling at eachother at all hours of the night.. . The spa was fine. We got a Couple Massage for $500. I thought my mind would be blown- it wasn't.  The gym. Was ok... I worked out about 3 times.... There aren't enough machines but the staff was friendly, and they offered complimentary apples(at this point, anything I didn't have to pay $15-$50 for was great.). . We bought 2 ridiculously expensive lunches at the buffet. It was ok- not very fresh and the salad bar was a joke... Like a sizzler. The dressing was horrific. . . I could go on and on about our stay, like how no one ever answered when you called the front desk for service, or how they have 4 people. Helping with your luggage so you end up tipping all of them; or how the ginger  ale at the pool was $11!!!!!!!. . We will not be back- we love Mandalay bay, and if our travels. Take us back to vegas we will surely land there again.
I love the ARIA. I really do. I've stayed here exclusively ever since they've opened. . But here is why I'm giving them 1 Star. . . I checked into ARIA, gave them my credit card as I normally do.  And within a day, fraudulent charges started appearing all over Vegas!  I had been traveling for a while but ARIA is the first place I actually used this particular card. . . It is sad and quite a bit troubling that this happened at ARIA.  Since my card wasn't in use prior, and this was the only place it was scanned, the fault lies with ARIA and the people theyhire to man their Front Desk. . . This of course puts me in a tricky situation as my card was pre-auth by the front desk and I'm still in Vegas for a few more days. I'm not trusting ARIA with another card, so I have to work around the situation. . . Trust is earned ARIA!! Time to evaluate your internal controls.  Something is awry!!
Well this review is for the A**hole who couldn't get me and my parents a cab because are luggage was too big..WTF yeah there big cuz i just spend $$$$$, i'm not staying at aria anymore..Do yourself a favor and find some new employees
Stayed here during an IT conference - otherwise, I'd never consider stepping foot in Vegas - the land of vapid, senseless waste.. . First impression - resort seems nice enough. Room was nice, but annoying. If i wanted the TV on, I'd turn it on. Don't turn it on for me. Same with the curtains. Smart rooms? Just because you can - doesn't mean you should. But hey - maybe some people like that?. . Bottom line - the wifi was useless for the conference. Barely even usable in my room. Can't use the fridge without paying for another one. Don't even think about touching any of the minibar items or you'll be charged 12 bucks for that water. The bathroom hardly had any plugs and had a nasty stain on the floor (i'm thinking dead hooker).. . The kicker? I had an extra purse, hidden in the closet in my room. In a concealed pocket in this purse, hidden in another bag, inside my closet, was some cash. 2nd day into my stay - went to grab my extra cash. Annnnnnnd it was gone.. . Told security. they were nice enough. Said they were going to "investigate". they questioned *me* up and down - like I was the one who stole the money. Today I received the "results" of their investigation that basically stated I was at fault for leaving money in my room and that the money was "never turned in to lost and found" so therefore could not give me my money back. . . Yep. God forbid, I expect some level of security in a hotel room I'm paying for. Not that I *ever* expected to be reimbursed - but to be told it was my fault? Sorry. Completely inappropriate and utterly devoid of any professionalism. There was no "hey, we're so so sorry. Want us to get your cab fare to the airport? How about a 20% voucher for some food? Maybe half off your next stay with us?" Not an apology, not an offer of anything to ease the fact that I felt kind of violated. . . If you go? Don't trust a soul. Certainly not housekeeping or security.  If it doesn't fit in their safe (which, by the way, is apparently inside one of the 12 dresser drawers - I looked for one but never found it in any of the normal safe-places in the hundreds of hotels i've stayed in) - then don't bring it. It isn't safe.
Aria charges a $25 resort fee, which includes internet access.  However, what they don't tell you is that fee includes on 512K internet access - not close to what I would consider "high speed" and barely functional for business use.  To get 1.5MB you need to pay an additional $15 a day.. . A true 5 star resort should be up front with its fees.  Instead, Aria takes the significantly less classy approach of nickel and diming its customers.
Well, that was a BIG disappointment.. . Apparently Vegas is not as accommodating as you think.. . Frequenters of Las Vegas- tell me your thoughts:. . "Hello, . . My name is Krista McKenna and I am currently looking to book a return trip (for my sister (Sara McKenna) and I) with 4 new comers at Aria for a Bachelorette party in September (ideal dates are sept 27-29). There will be 6 of us in our group, and since I loved my experience at Aria this past May (we had a 4 day stay at Aria), I wanted to share this experience with 4 of my best friends.. . Our problem is this: Everywhere I go, including your website, I cant seem to find a comparable deal (flight out of bellingham, limo transport to hotel, 1 or 2 large rooms for our group, and return trip) at a decent value or package. . . Because of such, the other ladies in our group are becoming hesitant in staying at Aria since everywhere we look, it doesn't provide a package deal (price and utility wise) thats competitive enough with the other hotels on the strip.. . I, personally, am really rooting for Aria for the win. Why? Because I believe that Aria obtains the atmosphere, vibe and experience my friends deserve for their first trip to Vegas. Liquid is amazing, your pools are gorgeous, your food is delicious (LOVE the gluten free options!), staff is friendly and your rooms/hotel are stunning. After personally experiencing such calibre, I don't trust in testing other hotels and would prefer to make Aria my go-to for all things Vegas. My family also feels the same as my father has become a loyal customer to Aria for his last visits to Vegas (an MLife card holder), so I would like to make it our family's go-to Vegas choice.. . Our price range (per person for room, hotel utilities -pool, gym, internet- and including flights) is $500 each, not including food or drink, or shows/gambling (which we also plan on doing a lot of), totalling $3000 for our group purely for accommodation and airfare. . . Can Aria meet the need? If yes, What can Aria offer that meets that need? . . I know that the other 4 girls in our group have never experienced Vegas before, and I know that depending on this stay, they will most likely become regulars to the Vegas (and hopefully Aria) experience. . . Side note - I have also obtained a significant amount of loyalty chips on the facebook app MyVegas, and qualify for perks at Aria - I intend to use this as well towards our stay at Aria if possible, and I have encouraged the rest of our party to do the same. . . So- where do we go from here?. . Please let me know what Aria can offer- I am eager to book this trip and anticipate another amazing stay with Aria for my family and friends.. . Wishing you the best,. Krista McKenna. | Social Architect & Buzz Generator |. . Co-Founder | Executive Director". . Not bad right? . . Since I have worked in the service industry for YEARS, I know that an email like this isn't very common. Typically, based on expectations of a certain caliber of customer service, you would expect a response that is both (somewhat) accommodating and flexible.. . After all- Vegas has a reputation of being a fun, financially feasible and lets face it, CHEAP (with free perks) place to vacation.. . ... . What I got back in response:. . "Good morning Krista,. . Thank you for your interest in MGM Resorts Vacations for your upcoming trip to Las Vegas. We are so pleased to hear of your recent pleasant experience at the Aria.. . I have sent you a separate price quote* for a party of six to this email address. Prices and inventory are subject to change at a moment's notice. You can plan, price and book your air with the Aria anytime on our website at www.mgmresortsvacations.com.. . I do apologize for any confusion; however, we do not have access to your MLife account. I recommend your contacting them directly. Also, the points you mention earning would have to go thru the property directly as they cannot be applied to a vacation package.. . Besides our website, price quotes are also available through our customer care center at 800.360.7111, Monday-Friday 9am-9pm and Saturday 10am-5pm and Sunday 1200p-500p, ET. . . Please call for assistance. We look forward to hearing from you!. . Sincerely,. . *****. Internet Customer Care. MGM Resorts Vacations". . *No email received.. . Is that even a response? Why do I feel like they didn't even read my email/questions? Why would you even bother responding if above is all your going to say?. . Not going to lie, Im pretty disappointed in ARIA Resort & Casino and MGM Resorts International - Public Relations.. . Completely takes away any interest or motivation on going to the strip, and on building loyalty with one specific hotel.. . Im open to your thoughts, friends. Tell me what you think. Was I holding too high and/or unrealistic expectations?. . *note - I have still yet to hear back from the PR team/Customer Service sector regarding this.
Reservation representative named Kevin was rude. I called to get an email confirmation sent to me and he basically pretended not to hear me and ignored everything I said like he was talking to someone but not even acknowledging me, then said "well, thank you for calling Aria have a nice evening" right in the middle of me asking him a question and then hung up on me.
I have been a faithful aria resort-er since the first week they opened and refused to stay anywhere else. This last stay, was completely unbelievable. I had a $900 necklace stolen out of our room by housekeeping, and my friend had her couple hundred tiffanys necklace taken as well. I know for a fact it was stolen because the clutch it was in was missing, and the necklace had a small tangle I didn't feel like dealing with right then, so neither ever left the room. I called the hotel. They couldn't have seemed to care less if they tried. On top of it, all of the electronics in the room are out of date. Touch screens were great a few years ago, but now are shot. The curtain that was supposed to open when you first walk in didn't. Lots of little things. But my grandmothers necklace was the last straw for me. Look up aria amd housekeeping theft.. . Not even for $79 a night will I go back and will tell all my friends the same.
Aria IronWood BallRoom "Floyd v Canelo".. Aria punked us!!!- all 1900 of us!! (between the IronWood and Juniper & 'other' little ballrooms which are all part of the same facility- w just 1 bathroom on that floor mind you) for $100 each. Kudos for having tables at least, but 1st come 1st serve? No table reservations possible? So a couple (like us) who made sure to arrive early pays 2bills & now has 2 share an 8 seat table?? & sharing this table which we showed up early to snag--w/ drunk ignorant strangers!?!? (who know ZERO about boxing-& make sure u get 2 hear it) Couldn't even comfortably watch the undercards bcuz every 30secs -"Aaay bro?!? Can me & my wife & my cousin & our baby & my abuelo sit here?" "Can u ask your lady to scoot over-ay she's fine bro" ...Not to mention TERRIBLE audio/video? Couldn't hear the announcers, video pm projector screen was washed out from all the extra unneccesary room lighting..And IT WAS FREEZING!!!!! The inglorious bar-sters didnt even offer any energy drinks (so we got to pay $10 for club soda) and then only staffed 2-3 servers per the 800 or so people in each ballroom? Everyone had to go to the 'bar' themselves. Took FOREVER since u had to buy drink tix 1st--THEN go over to the bartender & pay w the tix!!! Silly!! Asked the bartender about this and he even was like "yeah i dont know why they do it like this it takes so much longer!" He also thought not carrying redbull or other non-alki drinks was illogical. True story btw: In line for 10$ water I noticed the woman ahead of me dressed in what looked like a waiter outfit holding a large drink tray. I asked "Are you a server here? I didn't realize there were servers for the tables here-i hadn't seen anybody serving?" I swear she says "yeaaaah, not everyone is getting waiter service though" ?!?!?! I paid $100 to get in, 1/2 ass bar service, sharing tables w strangers- "WHY NOT?!?" i asked...no reply...(why was she in the reg line anyway? Aren't u waiting on tables???WTF???) But the final cornball cheap-a$$ straw? The b.s. high school football game 'food-offerings' THAT WE HAD TO PAY FOR!?!?!: Nachos and *HOT DOGS?!?* Effin self-serve at that?  Charged-YES CHARGED my lady for a bag of potato chips???????? (Nothing else looked 'trustable') Keep in mind even w tacky wristbands *No Re-entry*...just 2 make sure I couldnt run downstairs & buy a red bull!! Maybe drunken overweight Canelo fans driving in from AZ, NM & TX are ok w/ this profit-oriented cattle-herding but I don't pay $100 to have my lady eat hot dogs. F you Aria!!!...Glad we got u bumboclots back (on your own craps tables!!) for *ALL $200* we spent on the fight viewing party tix!! & i made sure 2 get all the free-play redbulls & club sodas we could drink while playing so they ended up spending more on us then the 5000% markup they robbed everyone else with. DONT EVER GO TO A FIGHT VIEWING @ THIS DISRESPECTFUL CONDESCENDINGLY ORGANIZED DOUCHE TRAP!!!! The 1 star is representative of how many times past/present/future I will have attended anything at this joke of a 'ballroom'. MGM or BELLAGIO would be too embarassed to even dare!!!!
I want to give zero star for the horrible experience in skysuite. I left my iPad in my room and when I came back at night time it was gone. WTH. What kind of house keeping are they doing in the room. Taking guests item should not be part of their service. We did report and they told us they will check but so far no response. We been to all different hotels in Vegas, this only happened in aria skysuite, and not once but twice. What kind of 5 star hotel service are they providing when guests are losing stuff in their room.
The customer service at Aria is sorely lacking. When my room card key wasn't working, I called the front desk who said that they would be sending someone from security to bring me a new key.  After 40 minutes, there was no one, and the room service personnel was able to call the front desk for me and at least let me in the room.  When I went to dinner 3 hours later, there was still no one from security to give me a working room card key.  After complaining to the front desk, I was offered just a $25 beverage credit.  The credit doesn't even matter, but it's the fact that they didn't even apologize that irritates me.  .  . When I checked out, my room was billed at a higher rate than I expected.  When I asked the front desk, they alleged that it was the rate that we agreed upon when checking in.  After pulling my check-in records, they agreed that the rate billed was higher and simply said it was a computer glitch and could have happened at any MGM Hotel.  When we spoke with the manager, he adjusted the price but basically said "what else do you want me to do?"  Horrible!. . After arriving home, I realized that I forgot my wallet in the hotel room safe (which is in a cabinet drawer, not the closet).  After calling the Lost & Found Department 3 times, and each time being told that someone will check and call me back, no one ever called me back. After finally reaching someone who was able to retrieve my wallet after 2 days, I requested that the item be mailed to me via FedEx Overnight to my work address.  Later, I found out that they not only sent the package with UPS Ground but also mailed it to my home address (where no one will be during the day).  It is beyond me why anyone would think it is acceptable to send a wallet with Ground delivery.  This is by far the WORST experience I have ever had with a hotel anywhere in the U.S.
My stay is a week away, and I'm officially worried.  The hotel just charged my AmEx the total cost of the 2 rooms I reserved - over $3,000.  This, despite having paid a deposit a month ago to secure my reservation.  When I called to inquire and ask for a refund, I  was bounced around for 30 minutes before speaking with the hotel's head cashier, Floreta.  She was extremely sarcastic and patronizing.  She finally agreed to credit the charge, but implied the reason I wanted it reversed was because I "must not have sufficient credit."  Wow!  Really?  If I had time to research another hotel, I'd cancel and book elsewhere. I hope Floreta is just one bad seed and not a sign of the service my family receives when we arrive.
What's the point of reserving a non smoking room when you only have smoking rooms available?  I can't breathe!!!!!  This is disgusting!!!!!
This review is for the BAR ONLY!. My husband and I had a bad experience at the lounge. When we get in the bar, the waitress saw us but didn't even bother to talk to us. She TOTALLY IGNORE us. We finally found a seat in the sofa, seat there and wait. About 20 mintues later another waitress actually acknowledge we were there and say the other waitress will assist us.  BUT NO when we look over,  the waitress that was suppose to serve us was at the other corner of the bar chatting away with her co-worker and didn't even come to ask what we like to drink. At that point, I was FED up and told my husband to leave and go somewhere else. THIS IS BY FAR THE WORST EXPERIENCE EVER. IT WAS MY FIRST TIME IN VEGAS AND I HATE IT SO MUCH. I won't ever come back TO ARIA AGAIN. SERIOUSLY!! I can tell the waitress didn't want to serve us because we were asian. That is such a dicriminate again asian.
Worst experience ever with check-in at a hotel in Vegas. Everything is an extra charge and they hold $130.00 in advance for "room incidentals or damage" and give you an attitude to top it off.
Nice hotel to stay if you don't plan to take a bath.  Take a look at the pix that I posted before you make a reservation. Nasty black greenish water you get for bath.  All I wanted was appology with new room to at least take a bath but they don't even bother to respond after maintainance person came by to check how bad the water is. Do not stay if you take a bath and please take a look at the pix that I posted before you make a reservation to avoid inconvenience
I stayed here with a group of friends for a Bachelor party and we checked our bags in woth the front desk valet. They dug through all of ours bags and stole items out of our bags. We reported it to aria and went through emails and phone calls but no one ever followed up. My friends had hundreds of dollars of missing items. .. but u will be shocked what was missing from my bag. A USED toothbrush, phone charger, and hair wax... JUST SHOWS U THEY ARE WILLING TO TAKE ANYTHING.
if you wanna gamble, this is not the place to go. cards are pre-programmed. the dealer knows what's your card and what hand should be played. also, there are no place to go if you wanna eat after 10 pm. this is place is a rip-off!
This review is only for the casino.  Hubby and I came by to spend some gambling bucks to earn some comps.. . We stopped at a couple of slot machines to relax and build our points cause who knows?  Maybe we want to stay here someday?. . I asked hubby why is it so noisy in here?  It sounds like there is a full casino of people, though it was empty.  Weird. . . My husband said they probably pipe in the crowd noise.. . Back to the machines.  We each put in our cards and a hundred in each machine.  . . 25 cent machines.   My max bet  was around 9 bucks.  . . My hubby?  $90 dollar max bet wth? . . No indication on the machine our fault maybe but WHO makes $90 dollar bets on a quarter machine?  . . . We grabbed our cards and cashed out and went back to our hotel, PH where we could try our luck without being reamed the minute we walk in. . . . Sorry Aria, we wanted to like you but you seem really fake to us even for Vegas
