Chicken and Waffles DO NOT BELONG TOGETHER. Ew.. . I understand that the world probably thinks I am the scum of the earth for giving Lo-Lo's such a low rating, however, I cannot bring myself to like greasy, nasty food.. . Why is the Kool-aid flavored red? Why is it not called "Cherry"? These are the questions that haunt my dreams. . . Not only do I hate the food here, but why is it in the middle of no where? I had so much trouble finding it.. . You may be wondering why I even bothered to come here in the first place... good question. . . It is safe to assume that I will NEVER step foot in this door again.
This is the first restaurant that I've been asked to leave because there were customers waiting outside.  We waited about 10 minutes to get in; sat down and received water and coffee, 5 minutes later put in our order and received our food within ~7 minutes.  We ate and chatted.  As soon as we got the bill the young gal said we needed to hurry and leave because there were customers waiting for seats.  To boot the food wasn't that good either.
The good: . New location is gorgeous. Terrific decor and atmosphere. . Food is great. Waffles are light and fluffy. Chicken is a little salty but very tasty. . . The bad: . I called in my take out order from home, and got to the restaurant about 15 mins later. I still waited abut 15+ mins for my food. . While waiting aman who was obviously a vagrant came in and asked for a glass of water. The hostesses ( there was two) got the manager, he said ok and ask the guy to have a seat. The gentleman literally sat leg to leg with me, held out his fist  for a fist bump with me and leaned in for a whisper. Well after I fist bumped him, he whispered in my ear how he's out on his luck and needs $50 for some oxy..... After I said I didn't have any cash, he said no prob, and kept rambling on to me about how much pain he's in. Yeah it took the manager at least 4+ mins to get this guy a cup if water. While both hostess tried to look busy and not look at me and my new BFF.  After the guy left they continued to ignore me, didn't say why my food technically took 30 mins. Or apologize for sitting a drug addict next to me and hit me up for a 50 spot. . . Price. I ordered a total of 3 waffles and 2 chicken wings. The price came out to $16.52. Market average for Premium Jumbo Chicken wings is 1.99(http://consumermeats.com/details.php?id=2220&c=45&s=&pqn=&name=Fresh-premium-jumbo-chicken-wings-40lbs-case.) that's .67 cents each. If you add .25 per waffle ( on the high side) that's $2.08 plate cost.  Yeah 800% markup on a 13% food cost. Ridiculous price markup for a 2 diamond fine dining restaurant let alone a chicken and waffle joint. . . Staff: I was there on a sunday morning about 9am. The place was about a 1/4 full.  I thought I noticed a lot of staff floating around, so i decided to count.  There was :. 1 Front of the house manager. 2-3 Hostesses. 5-6 wait staff. 1-2 bust boys . And a whole kitchen full of other people I count count. . Front of the house alone there was 1 staff for every 2 customers.  Ridiculous. . . Overall thoughts : Good food, great new location. Slow, egregiously mis managed, grossly expensive, poor customer service. Will return in 2013 and see if any things been fixed.
The waffles are like sponge and the chicken was over-fried and the service is bad. The owners are very arrogant, unprofessional and rude. Before I patronized the restaurant I heard things that were not good and boy did I experience what I heard and then some. ROSCOE's Chicken and Waffles from California would put them out of business if they don't do it themselves. Enough said!
We order out from there once in awhile at work, and since the remodel, they act like the customer does not matter. First they got the order wrong, and then charged double for a couple of the items. When we called them to notify of the charges, they stated that this was the correct price and the ones on the internet menu are wrong. For a matter of $5 that they refused to refund and dismissed the issues with our order, they have lost at least 10 customers from our place of work as I will order from another place instead. Very very disappointed as I loved this place when I first ate there. At my old job, I ate there once a week. No mas!
This review breaks my heart. . . A few friends and I met up at the down town location, I was excited to see that the newly renovated and expanded LoLo's was now open for business! It is absolutely BEAUTIFUL!! . That's about where the love ends with this review sadly. . . We were waiting for one other friend to arrive, they would not seat us until he was there, I have never had this issue at Lolo's. But wait we did. . . When we were finally seated the waitress took our food and drink order. 10 minutes goes by, no drinks. She comes to our table and says they are our of glasses and we have to wait for clean ones. We asked her if she could just put them in to-go cups, we didn't need the mason jars, she says sure. 10 more minutes go by. Finally out come our drinks, in mason jars. OI. . . Next up is the wait for the food. We literally waited an HOUR AND A HALF for our food to come to the table, and I believe the only reason why we got it then was because we had complained to the manager. The table that was seated 10 minutes after us, got fed up and left at about the hour 15 mark and walked out. A table next to us who had received their bill sat and waited a solid 20 minutes just to pay the dang thing! Our waitress completely ignored our table and section the whole time we waited. There were not even drink refills in that 1.5 hour wait. NOTHING. I got up and found a waitress and pointed out our table at the hour mark and asked how long the food wait was, she said 40 minutes, when I told her we were already well passed that she said she would find out what was going on. Nothing. Then our waitress walks by our section at the hour 15 mark we ask her what the hell is going on, we get no real response. FINALLY we are at 1.5 hours and we are ready to walk, our friend goes and finds the manager and asks him whats going on and to please come talk to us. 2 minutes later the manager comes to our table with food! Yesssssss only its wrong, BOO :( They delivered 2 orders of stupid fries to the table, when we told him we only ordered one he said well we are just going to throw this away so keep it, which I am glad we did because it was going to still be a while for all the food to come out correctly. My friends order was the veggie plate, 2 of the 4 sides were wrong, then they tried to deliver the same wrong veggie plate again. She finally gets all of her food. meanwhile myself and a friend are STILL waiting for ours. Then he gets his and the manager says so that's it right??? Ummmm no...how about bringing the pregnant lady her food, eh? . My food finally materializes and I am happy. The tell me that they are out of french fries but that they just cut up some potato's and made some fries, fine by me. My friend ordered the catfish and specifically asked the waitress for malt vinegar, she brings him out a cup of white vinegar....who does that? . . Ive been to both locations plenty of times and have never had this type of experience. It was seriously the worst....and to top that all off when our bill came there wasn't one bit of a discount on it, after all of that, everything we had been through, nothing. we were pretty disappointed in how the staff handled themselves. Not cool Lolo's, not cool at all. I think its rad that you expanded, but if you cant handle the customer load then whats the point?
BLUF. Got it to go and glad I did. The chicken was OK but only for the first couple of bites.  The red velvet cake was aweful. . . Background. Yelpers let me down on this one.  I ordered the three piece chicken meal expecting to stuff myself contented with fried goodness and slip into a glycosidic stupor from a criminally sized slab of red velvet cake.  Let me say I didn't have to watch the scale worried of well earned weight gain from this meal.  . . The chicken was an initial hit but was short lived.  I didn't finish it nor did I want to.  The waffle did not travel well either, it was soggy by arrival (10 mins to the hotel - arrgh!)  nor was it flavored in any manor. I would liken it to the generic bread slices used at other joints for sopping up the grease.  The red velvet was a crime.  It too lacked flavor, was heavy beyond understanding and it hurts me to say this - was only deserving of the trash. wa, wa, waaaa.. . $20+ for soul food that was so bad.
This was the worst service and hostess I have encountered. Sadly I really like to eat there, but their employees are very rude. The cubby lady who I assume is an owner or their daughter since she is about 40 years old, was so extremely rude. We put in a reservation. Checked in and told them we were all there and that ppl were parking their cars and walking over. In less than 5 min they gave away our table when we were still on time/early and told us we would need to wait another 15 min. Then she proceeded to tell me later that there was no room at the table they were going to set up go my baby and my stroller! They give us a sling after we made an issue out her response, and the sling for the infant carseat was as big as my stroller! And guess what it fit just fine at the table. Also there are no baby changing tables in their restrooms so I had to make my daughter stand while I tried to change her diaper. The service was poor, slow, and we had to ask multiple times for items. We got served our food well after multiple tables that were seated after us. Everyone working acted like they had some stank attitude and I will not be going back for a while! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE for a large party!
Don't let the rating fool you, the food is great. I have only eaten at the Scottsdale location but my comment is for the Central location.. My mom and I went in there this evening after having lunch at the Scottsdale location. We stopped in because the Scottsdale location had run out of banana pudding and i was craving it. I called ahead to make sure the Central location had not run out as well. I told the hostess on the phone that I was heading in to get some "To Go". Upon arrival we walked in and advised the hostess that we wished to place a dessert order to go. She promptly replied that they are NOT DOING ANY TO GO ORDERS!! HUH??? I advised the hostess that my mom and I only wanted banana pudding and a slice of red velvet cake, plus had called just 10 minutes prior. Again she reminded me that they had been advised by management that there would be no to go orders because they "Backed up" the kitchen and delayed orders. Even for dessert that takes 2 minutes???? It would seem to me that if you do not have enough staff to fully run your business then you should probably look into hiring another cook!!! But I must have mistaken the establishment for a restaurant, silly me! After checking with management the hostess returned and reluctantly took my order. I asked my mom if she wanted the Red Velvet cake or the Soc it to me cake. The hostess interrupted to advise me that they didnt have that there. I reminded her that the sign outside stated that it was one of the specials today!! . It took longer for the hostess to take my money and give receipt than it took to get my order packaged to go.. . I love Lo-Lo's. My family and I eat at the Scottsdale location 3 times a month. We get the best service there. I have been to the location on Central twice and twice they have failed to provide any service even close to the service in Scottsdale. I am uncertain if it is the location and blatant disregard for customers or a Management issue. Either way, I will not be returning to the Central location. I live in Central Phoenix and would still rather drive to Scottsdale where my money and patronage are appreciated.
This review is for the central location not the Scottsdale location.  I have been to this establishment several times and have not had a good experience yet, but I kept giving them the benefit of the doubt, but last night was the final straw...  One time I went to the establishment to have some of their Red Velvet Cake, before ordering the cake I asked the rude waitress if they had some cake before I even ordered dinner, she replied yes, and guess what after dinner I ordered some Red Velvet Cake for the table and she informed me that they were out and she was sorry, Really!!!!!!   Last night i dropped by and was going to get some Cake for the house and now I guess that they do not do orders to go, just 1 slice of cake really, they are to busy to box up 1 slice of cake.  If you want to have chicken and waffles just go and take the trip to Scottsdale/Thomas southeast corner, no rude waiters and waitress' and the best of customer service.......
Wish I could rate 0 stars
Pros. . Nice building. Good size chicken pieces. Great music playing r & b. Clean. Large drink sizes. Waffles were pretty good. . Cons . . A lot of staff yet one person checks on you . Extra charges to meal without serves telling. Eggs with cheese and onions were nothing special. Grits- needed lots of salt and butter and I never use salt . Credit/debit machine down right when I need to pay. Asked to give cash then they asked to write my credit card number down?. Racist Manager/Owner and he is African AMerican!. Are they crazy this is still the hood?!?
I was forced to go here, it was my first day of work and they all had this lunch thing prepared, so I had no choice but to go. I honestly do not find anything interesting about this place. First of all the location and place is horrible (sorry, but I don't want to get shot during my lunch hour) the food is nothing that you cannot find somewhere else... even KFC has greasy fried chicken. I respect everyone's opinions and tastes, but this is not for me. Unless you want to weight 300 lbs, this is not a place for people that like to watch what they eat/weight/healthy. Too much fat, grease, and sugar.... one star...
I will NEVER go AGAIN. I went with a LARGE crew intown for bike week. I first brought them to this place a few yrs ago, before they rebuilt the new place downtown. The owner was nice and humble. Appreciated all 30 PLUS people that came in. Each yr they now come into town they ALL stop in and eat. . . This yr, they rebuilt and EVERY single staff member acted too good or busy.. including the owner. I ordered a SALAD . HOW HARD IS A SALAD WITH CHICKEN. NEVER CAME the owner was very rude and did not care. I will never go again. . . One thing people shouldn't do is forget who you are, WHERE you came from and WHO got you there. Black people ( sorry not about race..BUT) Black people have been supporting LoLos and religiously going from jump. All the sudden you get alil change in pocket...and change ?  You are never too far up... to fall down !. . #FAIL. . . p.s. This review is late, and only now thought to do it, as I wanted some lolos today...and recalled the rudeness and said..no go.
The food is amazing. The servers are great. The hostesses are not informed on what's going on. But the reason I'm giving them a 1 star review is because the manager, Mils, (I believe that was his name and as he informed me, he's the ONLY manager they have) is quite possibly the rudest, most condescending person ever. Dude, you'rein the industry of CUSTOMER service. Learn how to properly interact with people. I will NEVER go back based on him, solely him. I tell everyone I know not go there because of him. I have never been treated so poorly after making a reservation for 20 3 weeks in advance and being told upon arrival that they had no table ready because no one had made a reservation when their hostess had called literally an hour and a half before to confirm that we were still coming. He was so incredibly rude about it, talked down to me telling me I didn't know what I was talking about, I was wrong and I must have made up the reservation until I played him the message from the hostess at which point, he just walked away. The owner stepped in and asked tables to move so they could get our group in.. We still waited for over 45 minutes. UGH, I work in the restaurant industry, I can NOT imagine treating people this way and expecting them to return. SO BAD. I would highly suggest improving your customer service skills, Mils. You're awful.
Excited to get some great chicken and waffles that I hear the reviews speak of. I see several post about bad service but think, oh well I'll see for myself. Walk in, not too busy, greeted with a smile. Seated right away,  looked over menu carefully as a first timer. Made a decision about my drink finally, still no one came. Made a decision about the meal, still no one. Checked out the place, did a little people watching, still no one. Couple came in and  seated several rows from me, waiter brought food to a table close, checked on another table, proceeded to greet and take drink orders for that couple. Immediately upset, got up to walk out as he appeared to make it over to my table finally, unacceptable. No apology, nothing, just stood back and watched me walk away. Dear Sir, travel nurse here that all meals are paid for tax free. I usually order a drink, meal, extra sides, possible second meal for lunch the next day and if I have room a dessert. Why? because I can that's why, afterwards with good service I tip REALLY well. So with that being said, I just took that good old government money to another place of business, THANKS!!!!!!
Went here for years but after they expanded seems like they lost the customer service.. My husband and I were ignored, waiting out for with a dozen other people waiting to be called. Then was talked to rudely when we asked when we were Nwxt. They said they sat 3 people before us that we did answer...because we were outside. The was no standing room inside. Waited inside to make sure they weren't going to sit someone else  and was basically told we were in the way. Took a friend and son with us..we called as we walked out. . . BAd CUSTOMER SERVICE. WOULDN'T WASTE MY TIME THERE AGAIN. GO TO DOWN SOUTH INSTEAD!
