worst place to stay, but the beds and comforters were soooooooo nice and fluffy... $100 per day incidentals deposit, $15 plus tax per day resort fee and $13.99 plus tax for internet per lap top/device/smart phone... hell no.  service is also terrible. I was there christmas weekend and it was dead, but still the service there is terrible. stay somewhere else. Their advertisement for the $4.99 steak and eggs... it's really $7.99 for the 1st person and $4.99 for the 2nd and $3.99 for every person after. you do the math. if you're 21 to 32 and into heavy partying 24/7, this is definitely YOUR hotel. If you're not, go and run to another hotel far away from this one. The prices on the rooms are cheap, but beware of the hidden costs to everything else...  that's where they bite you in the rear end...
Fair warningto anyone who needs to carry any medication -  carry a copy of the written prescription with you unless you carry prescription bottles around.  They search packs at the concert venue and apparently at the pool, and that's fine if they are looking for contraband - but if you carry medication in a pillbox, and certainly if you carry anything injectable like insulin or an epinephrine, be prepared for public cross examination.  A medic-alert bracelet doesn't convince them.  Even a physician standing with me didn't convince them. Their guard confiscated my epi kit (I have asthma) at the concert venue, and only after our repeated insistence did they allow me to wait in a non-smoky area while they got a supervisor with a brain.  Clearly they had some sort of incident with drug abuse, probably at the pool since they mentioned that, so right now paranoia reigns.  They aren't exactly subtle or private about it either.
This review is for the players club..    When my wife and I went to the Hard Rock in Jan., they had a great promotion going on where you play and for every 500 points you got, you could do a virtual wheel spin for free play and dining credits, up to 2500 points per day.  Well, they must have lost money on that because now you have to get 2500 points (video poker) for one drawing of a card from a drum full of cards.  After spending several hours playing and droping a couple hundred bucks, my "prize" was $5 free slot play.  What a slap in the face.  I tore up the card in front of the player club host and walked away.  I still like the HR for bj, but am going to limit my vp play to another property with better promos.
My wife and I stayed at the Hard Rock this past weekend because they were cheap. We reserved the room on Travelocity but theproblems started as soon as we rolled up at the Valet. I own a limousine business (LA LimoScene if you wanna look me up.) and we drove to Vegas in a Limo with a friend. We tried to valet the Limo and they first told me I needed to go over to the South Valet on Harmon and they could valet the Limo over there so I drove around to the South Valet and they also refused, accusing me of being some guy that tried this last week. I told them I wasn't that guy but they still gave me attitude. I asked them for oversized parking and they told me to park in self park. I drove up to the self park area and there were NO spaces big enough to accomodate the Limo so I had to park in a non-space at the end of the parking structure. I wasn't blocking anyone so I figured it would be okay. When I came out at the end of my stay, I had a parking citation on my car for parking in a non-space. I was pissed since I asked and they sent me to park there.. . Then, once we got inside, the girl at the Reservation Desk couldn't find our Reservation. We were in a hurry to check in because we had tickets to a concert so the added time it took for her to figure out where our reservation was didn't help. It took about 20 minutes to check in. Once she found it and we got up to our room, it took them another half hour to get our bags up to our room from the valet.. . The room was fairly nice. The bed was really comfortable and the black out curtains would have made it possible for us to sleep in had it not been for the planes flying over and landing every 20 minutes. HRH proximity to the airport is a definite downside. The bathtub was really high so when you get in and out of the bathtub, you trip over the edge and either fall in or out of the bathtub, depending on which direction you're going.. . The prices were ridiculous throughout the hotel. It was like renting a room at the airport. $10.50 for a pack of cigarettes.. . Checking out was equally poor. We couldn't get the Bel desk to answer the phone so we had to go down to the front desk to request someone to go up and get our bags. When we finally got them, several things were missing including my Gucci Sunglasses and that $10.50 pack of cigarettes.. . When we got home and checked our statement, we found that they had charged $400 to our card even though we prepaid for the room and then credited back $166. When we called to find out what happened, they were rude and said the charges were $15 per person for a resort fee and then hung up on us.. . All in all, the Hard Rock sucks. I definitely do not recommend them.
so excited to go to vegas baby! will NEVER stay at the hard Rock again!. . This was my first time staying at the Hard Rock but hey, we got a good deal and it's the Hard Rock, right?  ohhh.... so very wrong.. . When we came to check in we had an oversized vehicle and pulled up to valet to unload bags/check in. We asked valet where we could park and they directed us to self-park failing to mention that there was NO oversize parking. We creatively parked and were given a citation and directed to security. Why didn't they just say that in the first place??. . Check-in,  lost our reservation and acted like it was our fault. Bags from valet took forever and yes, we had places to be and the tickets were in our bags!! . . The bed was amazing but something had to make up for the fact you were going to get woken up every 20 minutes by the f*ing AIRPLANES flying in for a landing. The worst 2 nights of sleep EVER.  The hotel is literally in the flight path and I was miserable.  This is NOT what I signed up for during a vacation and especially not after a night of vegas!   I am dead serious when I recommend that you map this place out in conjunction to the airport BEFORE you book!!. . Food options were scant as most of the restaurants opened at times I had already eaten. Ate at Pink Taco, nothing to write home about, I have had better at any taco stand in LA. The beer option here was pathetic, there are several good Mexican beers but Pink Taco offers none of those. . . Rooms were OK as far as decor, there are many other hotels that far out-do Hard Rock (Treasure Island and Mirage to name a couple). The customer service was crap (If anyone else here says otherwise i would be concerned about their previous customer service episodes).. . Upon arriving home we were oh-so surprised to learn that we had also been charged a $36 resort fee! I had booked online through travelocity and not once do I recall a reference to this fee. So now not only did the stay completely blow, they have "gotten me" for another $36 bucks.  I guess this is just Hard Rocks way to say farewell, forever. . . Save yourself and pay a few more bucks to stay on the strip, you'll end up spending that on cab fare back and forth anyway.
In order of why I gave this hotel a 1-star:. . 1) I am sure all hotels do this, but the front desk agent told me that she had a "better" option for me and was going to move me to this room as it had a "better view."  Now I reserved a suite in the HRH tower so was shocked when I opened the door to a small room and upon checking in I was told that my party has been down graded to a regular room because HRH over-booked. As any american would do in this situation, I called front desk immediately and complained - I was finally transferred to Grant the manager and he gave me the same apology. Now I understand if there is absolutely no suites available - but there has to be some sort of compensation for not providing me what I paid for! The only thing Grant offered me was a $50 food credit. He proceeded to try to sell me another single room at a discounted $150/night so that I would have two rooms instead of one. At this point, it no longer became a monetary issue but purely one of principal - I paid for something and I should receive what I paid for especially since HRH e-mailed me 24 hours prior to my arrival confirming my suite! Toanger me even more, Grand proceeded to say that HRH reserves the right to downgrade and this was in the "small print" - yes, he used the "small print" argument to justify their actions. A full hour wasted on the phone - conclusion - $50 food credit and a promise that he'd try to move me to the suite I originally reserved.   . . 2) Location location location - remember, this hotel is totally not on the strip. Although it may be a bit cheaper than other "nice" hotels the amount you use on taxis to go anywhere erases any money you think you're saving.. . 3) This hotel has some low class guests. I exited the elevator into the common elevator waiting area by my room around midnight and walked past a horrible sight - yes, there was a couple intimately involved in adult activities in the public elevator foyer! No joke - next time I go back to Vegas, I'm sticking with the Wynn or Cosmo - not worth saving a few bucks.
If you're thinking of staying here because of the convenience of many restaurants, nice remodeled guestrooms, and a first class pool then the Hard Rock is your place but.... . . BUYER BE WARNED!!!!! . . The customer service at this hotel is a nightmare!! I booked two pool view queen bed (2) suites in the HRH tower (aka the ultra premium VIP tower) for my friends bachelorette party, 6 months prior to my arrival date. I called the hotel three times before we arrived to ensure that we would have beds for 4 people per room and adjoining rooms, one of the phone calls I made was literally the day before I arrived. When we arrived to the hotel I was informed that we would not be in queen bed suites and instead given a king room with 1 roll away bed. In addition our suites would not be adjoining let alone on the same floor. After some tactful negotiation I was "upgraded" to a 2 deluxe pool view suites and would be given extra linens for a guest to sleep on the couch in each room and our suites would at least be on the same floor. At this point I got on the hotel's website from my phone to see that the hotel was not even fully booked for the weekend and they were showing queen suites in this tower still available!!! . . When I arrived to my room I found that a "deluxe" pool view room meant that there was 50 extra square feet to the room with an extra chair. Big deal! My room did not even have a view of the pool!!! I immediately called down to the manager on duty and explained our situation. Ashley was her name. She explained to me that it is not in the Hard Rock Hotels policy to guarantee queen suites even when a guest has booked AND payed in full for the rooms 6 MONTHS in advance. I understood as it was a busy weekend but was concerned for the guests in my party who had paid to sleep in a BED (like this was so much to ask for). She offered to "upgrade us" (down grade in fact) to normal rooms in the Casino Tower with NO CHARGE TO US, but Ashley added "The rooms in that tower are NOT AS NICE." . . By this point I was frustrated so I asked her if I could talk this over with my guests and get back to her. Three conversations later, one of which was with another manager named Grant who HUNG UP on me (even though I was composed and polite the whole time), Ashley negotiated to refund us 60 per room as a COURTESY because the hotel had done NOTHING WRONG (which I never received at checkout) and adding an additional roll away bed to each suite so my guests would have somewhere to sleep! I settled with this. . . An hour later we received our luggage, not at the fault of the poor bell desk person who was the sole person on duty (he was actually very nice and apologetic). Thus I called Ashley again to tell her about, once again, the poor customer service we were receiving. She at this point told me she was UNDERSTAFFED for the hotels opening season weekend and that she could offer me no other help. She added I was more than welcome to leave the hotel at no cost to me if I would be "OFF THE PREMISES" in 30 minutes. . . Due to the fact we could find no other place for a group of 8 to stay this weekend we did bunker down and stay. . . IT IS NO WONDER THAT THE HOTEL HAS RECENTLY FILED BANKRUPTCY! The customer service alone will bar me from ever considering them as a place to stay while on vacation in Vegas. . . The only highlight to the hotel was the pool, but BUYER BE WARNED this section is owned and operated by a separate management group. Thus you can enjoy the pool facilities at the Hard Rock without being a guest there! . . . All in all, THINK TWICE before staying at this hotel, the DRAMA is not worth it!
The service at Luckys 24/7 was terrible, though the burger was good.  I've been to this Casino four times and still can't figure out the value of my Rock Star card.  Taxi fare to the property was $11 one way, so you start $22 down before you hit the casino floor.  The music is so loud it's difficult to follow your bets.  Good for the casino, but bad for the customer.  This is a bad experience.  Take your money somewhere slse.
This place has no clue what the definition of customer service is. I stayed here a few years back (first and only time) only to be woken up by some dude using a jackhammer at 830 in the morning by the pool. I couldnt believe that a hotel with many guests would even consider doing any loud construction work that early in the morning. I made a complaint to the front desk thinking that they might care...ahhh nope they were mildly interested in my complaint and did nothing to make good on the issue. There customer service is seriously lacking...funny thing is that I noticed the same types of complaints from other yelpers.
Nice rooms, great price, but horrible service.  I've stayed here twice and both times had a bad experience getting a room.  . . The first time we left L.A. at 8PM on a Friday night and booked the room on our way around 10PM.  We got in around 1AM and stood in line for 30 minutes (no idea why so many people were checking in that late).   We finally got to the front and they said we were in the wrong line and made us wait in the suite line.  We finally made it though that line and they said "looks like we gave away your room, but we can give you the same room with a singe king size bed".  We said that didn't work for us as there were three of us guys and specifically asked for two queens and a roll away three hour ago.  They said there was nothing they could do, so I asked for a refund and I'd stay somewhere else.  They said "we can't do that".  I asked for a manager and they said I'd have to wait in the 30 minute line again to speak with one.  . . Bad experience #2. I went there this past week for business arrive at 11AM.  I stood in a 10 minutes line this time to find that my room was not ready.   They said it would be ready around 1PM.  We went to our conference and came back around 1:30PM.  They said they only had one room ready and not the two we asked for.  So we took that room and worked on the over priced $14/user/day wifi in the room.  They said our second room would be ready by 3:30PM.  4PM I tried to get my room and they said it was still not ready, so I waited until 7PM before getting a room.  We wanted to stay one more night for the conference, but they said all rooms were booked and we needed to leave by 11AM.. . . My other complaints:. - $14 wireless. - $15/day resort fee (which is for the gym, newspaper, and other spa.  I said no thanks, but they said I have to pay for it). - If you open the mini fridge or even bump the water or snacks they charge you and come by asking if you want more.  . - It's far from the strip meaning you can pay $30 round trip to the strip.. . I loved the room and bed.  I'd go back if they made huge improvements to their customer service and management style.
Ever since Peter Morton sold this place it's gone downhill. The hard rock used to be cutting edge and innovative. Now everybody else has everything they have and do it better. Rehab and the clubs and restaurants are all down. They have to be back on track hopefully soon with their new management.
I really wanted to rate HRH higher, I really did, but it was disappointing.. . Pros:  the beds are awesome!  I don't know what it's like to sleep on a cloud, but if I had to imagine, these beds are it!. . That being said, that's the best selling point.  :(. . Cons:  so let's start at the beginning... Signage in the driveway and the parking garage suck!   There are some one way streets around the hotel, so you have to make loops if you miss your turn.  No driveway signage, so we ended up in the taxi line by accident (no traffic control at all, employees/valets kept jumping out and crossing the street).  If you were to follow arrows in the garage, you would drive into a chained off area!  . . Check in took forever!  20+ minutes!  One girl checking people in on Memorial Day weekend who was kind of ditzy and kept commenting on how surprised she was that it was busy.   There were two groups in front of us, and that is counting the group she was helping.  Finally when we got to the counter, another guy came up to help her and checked in the one guy behind us.  Boo to your customer service HRH.. . The room itself was fairly nice cosmetically.  Glad we had gotten a promotional deal because I don't think I would pay the $500 they were charging for a Saturday night stay on Memorial weekend.. . Musically, I was upset.  One "amenity" they offer is a touch screen music player. It updated ALL night.  It kept saying that it was updating and service would return shortly.  Well in the 12 hours that we were in the room it never worked!  I tried my iPod then my iPhone in the dock and neither worked either!   I also tried the iHome dock on the nightstand but that was broken too!   Ugh!  So I called guest service on the cheap feeling cordless phone.  It took 9 rings for someone to answer!!! The I was placed on a "brief" hold of 4 minutes?!?!  I asked how long the update was going to take.  "I don't know." What?!? Make something up, I don't care!  That's more bad service in my book.  "Well the system automatically updates all our movies and music once a month.". Uh someone screwed up!  Maybe someone should have rescheduled this particular update seeing how the hotel is sold out!!  Lame!. . There are two TVs in the room, but both remotes sucked.  No guide except for the hotel and their channels.  The station would change and you could hear the next channel, but the picture would take another 5 seconds or so to change.. . Oh and good luck to you if you have to use the restroom at 5am.  So there is a master light switch somewhere in the room.  I'm still not sure which one it is, but when it's on none of the other switches work!  Why you would disable the lights in the toilet with a master switch is beyond me.. . Great potential,  POOR execution!!!!!!
Wow has HRH Vegas changed!  Very disappointing experience in May.  Going back 4-5 years I used to frequent this hotel/casino/resort with some frequency.  I think it must be under new management or ownership or both, because while I used to enjoy and frequent this locale, it no longer will be someplace I come back to.  I go to vegas 5x a year.. . 1) New tower.  The rooms don't really seem any larger than the old rooms, and there are no closets (just wardrobes), and there is way too much dead space because of the size of the bathroom.  Nice look and feel but poor on the functionality.  Also the room sound system only worked 1 of the 5x I tried to use it.  The other 4x it said "system temporarily unavailable while updating the system.". . 2) There were massive design flaws in this upgraded "tower".  They didn't design in enough sound proofing for the walls and windows.  You can hear the pulsating music and base of the nightclub as you are trying to go to sleep at 230am, as well as the nocturnal activities of your next door neighbor.  The curtains don't "black out" the windows, so you are fighting the sun at 7am.  Come 830am the massive pool music system is up for sound check and running so you can't sleep because the room is shaking from the pool sound system.  I know what the HRH is known for, and I expect loud music but I expect to not have it destroy my ability to sleep.  At any hour.  Isn't that part of the vegas "deal"?  Party hard and sleep in?. . 3) The whole pool set up has become ridiculous.  You have to wait 45-120 minutes in line to get your wrist band depending if it's a Sat/Sun to go to the pool.  I don't pay 300+ a night to wait 2 hours to go to the pool.  And to pay 75 dollars as a hotel guest to go to the pool.  It used to be free for hotel guests to attend Rehab or some nominal charge, and the wrist bands were issued at the front desk at check in.  No crazy lines, no crazy expenses.  This is insane the way it's set up now.. . 4) Are you ready for this?  A pool chair now has a 100 dollar food and bev min.  For REHAB sunday that jumps to 500 dollars.  As a result, 85+ percent of the beach chairs were unoccupied and everyone was sitting on towels draped over concrete.  Somehow I don't feel I should be forced into choosing between being extorted or sitting on concrete given the Rack Rates at the HRH.  I would obviously have skipped waiting in line 90 minutes plus paying 75 dollars as a hotel guest if anywhere it was mentioned on the web site or marketing materials that a chair was 500 min food and bev.  I would have saved my time and money and done something else.  Wasting time is one thing, wasting money is another, and wasting both is inexcusable. . 5). Really cheap on the comps.  Look, I don't play 5-10 dollar hands, and I don't play for 15 minutes.  I play hours a day at a respectable average bet.  Most casinos vie for my business and it's reflected in the sizable comps.   The comp rate here is as bad as the Venetian /Wynn.  And with much fewer rollers or high rollers.  And not a whale in sight.  How does this make any sense?. . HRH, I like your scene, and I like your brand, but you really must fix these items to get another dollar of my money...  As usual Lucky's Diner was great, but that wasn't enough to save the experience!
Wish I had known what a douche pit this place would be before we booked.
This place is awful. It says hard rock but it's more like "we're running out of money, and by the way we're hitting rock bottom while censoring your speech rock". The AC was out today for many hours and the power went out randomly and then, while talking to my friends at the craps table, I was told I can't say Fuck. They are actually censoring my first amendment speech right! The hard rock is doing it! This country is going to shit along with these awful relics. FUCK this place!
Down hill FAST!  The rooms suck, the people are assholes, and the property is OLD! Stay Away.....the strip is where it is at.  No bullshit, no hassle,  just a good time.......sorry these people lost that!
I left my cell phone charging in the room, went to the pool, came back, phone was gone, beds were made. When I reported it, management showed no sympathy whatsoever. I was told to call Risk Management, who did not return my calls. Finally after a half dozen calls, I was offered no apology or credit despite the fact our group spent almost $5k at the Hard Rock for the weekend. DO NOT STAY HERE. With that said, this is probably the dumpiest casino near the strip. Spend the money and stay somewhere else.
This hotel is run by security guards instead of hospitality managers.. . A disgrace!. The rooms are dusty and dirty.  The housekeepers left the same dirty tissues on the floor each day.. . I was here for my daughter's birthday with our whole family, and they wouldn't let me bring my camera to the pool because it looked too "professional", (yet you could bring pocket cameras in) so I couldn't get any photos of my family at the pool for 3 days.  I spoke to the manager about it and she said there was nothing she could do about it...it is clearly something they should tell you when you book your reservation..  . They asked in we wanted a pool view or "no view", so we picked the pool view.  They failed to tell us we would hear blasting music from 9am through the wee hours of the night from the pool.. . The sign when you enter the pool area lets you know immediately the kind of guests the hotel attracts! It says:. No weapons. No pills of any kind. No professional cameras or videos.. . The clientele is always in a drunken stuper and get very rowdy and rude.. . I would NOT recommend this hotel to any one of any age.. There is no service what so ever....hospitality is not in their vocabulary.  It is a disgrace to the hospitality industry.
WHY CAN THERE NOT BE A ZERO BUTTON.  this place was so bad.  I stayed for one night. the people at the front desk are not nice.  They do NOT take cash and would not help us check in.  we had to  have a credit card and no matter what they don't take cash so this was our problem.  then we asked to see a manager the girl at the desk walked away and about a minute later came back and said that she would be right out.  Ten  minutes later no manager. no help.   .   I left a bag on the front desk and I called down to see if they had it and they said no to talk to lost and found and then theytold me nope...nothing here, then hung up the phone.  . No one had any idea what customer service is and no one cared.  I will not be going back ever.
Most unfriendly doormen ever! They intentionally make the cab lines go slow so they can sell more limo service. The door guys make a commission for every limo they sell and that commission goes way up if the destination is to a strip club. The longer the lines are the better it is for them. It provides them with a captive audience who is growing more impatient by the minute, more conducive to sell limos. This also provides them more time to screen the crowd for people headed to strip clubs. I felt sorry for the group in front me who was running late for their flight because they had been waiting forty minutes and still had twenty people in front of them. We ended up just walking across the street to Rumor and their doorman flagged us down a cab real quick. I can't believe that the management would allow this to go on at the cost of thousands of customers standing outside in long lines in the Las Vegas heat. I will never stay here again! What a joke!
A group of us were in town for a convention and decided to stay at the Hard Rock. Huge mistake.. . A few colleagues arrived the day before I did and got rooms near the top floors of the Casino Tower. They could barely sleep because of the in-room parties and planes all night long (Hard Rock is right next to the airport.). . Next day I arrive, walk in the doors of the hotel and it's like douche-bag central. Loud, obnoxious, sloppy drunks all around me, bumping into me as I'm trying to make my way to registration. It's barely past breakfast-time.. . So I thought I'd be safe with a room on one of the lower levels, but my room was overlooking the roof of the kitchen from one of their restaurants and the smoke from their huge vents would fill my room with smoke.. . Next morning, we decided to eat at Mr. Lucky's-- Hard Rock's over-priced diner within the hotel. We sat down about 7:50am, waitress came over to take our order, and we said we were all going to order the breakfast special but were were still waiting for one person. Since the deal ended at 8, we asked if we should order now so we could still get the deal. . . "Oh, no problem", she said. "You were seated before 8, so you'll still get the deal.". . 8:05 and our colleague arrives. The waitress comes by and we tell her we'd all like the specials. . . "Sorry, that deal ended at 8.". . "That's not what you told us 15 minutes ago.". . "I'm sorry, there's nothing I can do about it", then something about the computers locking them out at 8. So we paid for our $17 coffees and left to have breakfast somewhere else.. . Stay away from this place.
Wow have things changed here over the past few years! We paid good money for a suite, and had to jump through hoops of fire just to be able to lay by the pool. They fail to tell you when you are booking a room, despite paying $400-$500 a night, that you have to wait in line after line to be able to get a wristband so that you can get access to the pool. Then when you get access you have to pay up to $300 for a CHAIR. I think between myself and my fiance we mist have asked 12 different people to explain to us how it works (because it is really confusing), and every single person gave us a COMPLETELY different answer. Can you just inform your employees please?! So frustrating. We have been to Hard Rock/rehab every year since 2006, multiple times per year, except 2010. And oh my how things have changed. And if you start a tab by the pool, be aware that every time you add anything to your tab, even a bottle of water, all kinds of crazy "holds" will appear on your card. Do not give them your debit card!  I will no longer recommend HRH to any friends & family and I probably will not be returning any time soon. It's really a shame because I love this hotel. But I can't justify spending my hard earned money on service like this, especially when all I want to do is lay by a pool!!
2012 Superbowl Party @ The Joint review: . . Horrible planning of Hard Rock Casino causes fans paying $50 for Superbowl party to wait 2-3 hours in line to buy tickets and then seats them in the back of the theater where the view of the MAIN TV SCREEN IS OBSTRUCTED by a 40 foot light bar used to light the stage for Motley Crue band. There is no clear view around the light bar that measures around 40 feet across and 4 feet in height. It literally blocks everybody on the 3rd floor from seeing 40-50% of the TV screen.  The 2 screens immediately flanking the main screen are low-resolution and meant for concerts- not for watching a TV game.  They are like watching the game on a Lite Brite toy.  There were 2 smaller HD projection screens flanking the Lite Brite screens, but they were really not watchable since they are mounted on walls that are sideways viewing to the main audience.  For those fans paying $50 there is free food and 6 beers but it's located on the 1st floor in very front...and you are seated in the 3rd floor at the back of the theater. It takes about 30 minutes to leave your seat, grab food, and hike 3 floors to the back of the room. Food was simple hot dogs, nachos, chicken sliders, philly cheese steaks.  The quality of food was cheap, but better than some other places.  The ground floor seating has folding chairs, is FREE, and has a clear and unobstructed view of the main screen. The audio sound was fine and loud enough- they used the speakers for the band.  There was a gambling area in the front of the Superbowl Party, but I never went there.  Too crowded and I wanted to try to watch the game.. . In the grand scheme of making money, the Hard Rock did Superbowl fans wrong. . . It put the paying customers in the worst position for watching the game and created a lasting memory of wasting everybody's time waiting in line for coveted tickets only to short them on the viewing experience. I will never come back to the Joint at Hard Rock for a $50 Superbowl party and I highly recommend that you go elsewhere... unless you don't care about seeing a screen that only shows you 40% of the game.  . . How to fix this? If anybody from Hard Rock management sees my Yelp post: Sell those $50 tickets with a more efficient system.  It is not acceptable to have a 2-3 hour line with limited seats.  You had 3 cashiers trying to take money, write down driver's license numbers, and also work the Hard Rock merchandise store.  The only saving grace was that you had a real good security guard watching the line and doing head counts to make sure there was a cutoff point- give the guy a raise.  Make a system that should be in and out for everybody.  Next put the $50 seats ON THE MAIN FLOOR.  We don't care that they are folding chairs and not the plush chairs at the back of the theater on the 3rd floor.  Give the PAYING CUSTOMER the unobstructed view of the TV screen, closer access to food, beer, and bar drinks, and gaming tables.  You, Hard Rock Management, were bass ackwards in putting paying customers in the back of the theater and giving the Free customers the best seats and location in the house.  Somebody should be reprimanded and you can use that list of driver's licenses you took down to mail us all free VIP tickets to the 2013 Superbowl Party and a discounted stay at the Hard Rock.  That's how you make things right.  I'd hope you get your act together for 2013.. . Note: iPhone picture attached. Click the "Photo" icon on my review and see the light bar obstructing your view. It's much worse in person than it looks in this photo.
I wasn't a big fan of the hotel. My husband and I just had a long weekend getaway to Las Vegas and we decided to stay at the Hard Rock Hotel because it looked pretty updated and trendy online and the price seemed decent. While I did really enjoy the room decor and super-comfy bed, my experience over all wasn't so great. . . The hotel lobby and casino was one of the smokiest of all the hotels we visited while in Las Vegas. Once you walked far enough past the casino for the cigarette smoke to dissipate, we were hit with the constant smell of what reminded me of someone scorching leftovers in a toaster oven. The smell was present our entire stay and even visited us on all the way on the 7th floor.. . Although I enjoyed melting into the down-filled bed, the room was far too dark to even dig through my suitcase. The walk-in shower was big enough for a party, but they were stingy with the towels.. . We ordered room service for breakfast one morning. It was mediocre at best, but it set us back $70 for some chewy pancakes and coffee.. . Another issue--although a completely personal one that I will nonetheless share with you--is that I didn't feel cool enough to stay at this hotel. Everyone walking around, young and old alike, was wearing head-to-toe black or at least a black band shirt with ripped up jeans. I'm all for however you wanna dress, I just felt like a total "never-been-in-a-band" outsider.. . The hotel staff was nice enough, but they definitely weren't going to bend over backwards to help anyone--that may have broken their bad*** character (all decked out in their matching Motley Crue shirts I might add). **This is in comparison to being turned around in one of the bigger hotels on the strip where a nice gentleman took the initiative to ask us what we were looking for and gave us directions to our lunch destination.. . I think that since the Hard Rock Hotel isn't directly on the strip, it needs to work even harder to take care of its' guests. (Also, seriously--drop the $20 per day fee to use the fitness facilities).
OMG I've never seen so many posers in one place in all my life. If you are a poser then you will probably like it here. Otherwise avoid at all costs.
This is one of the worst experiences ever. I travel all over and have never had a riot outside my door at 1 am with over a dozen people fighting, screaming and threatening to shoot each other. People were punching, slamming against my door and no one got them to stop until they moved to another floor after a half hour. Security was useless, the staff said nothing about it the next morning and emails to the manager have been unanswered. The casino was also a nightmare with police arresting men in the gambling area. . If this wasn't enough, the rooms were dark (black walls) there was no light, one tiny soap and two towels for two people. The second night we moved to the "riot room" and had a lovely view of the airconditioners on the roof and the airport. the staff in the HRH area was rude and told us to not come back to her section but check in/out in the casino area. Having spent more than a thousand dollars on dinner, spa and stay, I would NEVER stay there again.
Can't really comment on the Motel since I won't stay here after my Groupon reservation experience. I purchased a Groupon getaway that was billed as a 2 night stay, Sun-Thur, for 2 adults and up to 2 kids in a King room. . . When I called to make my reservation for a Sunday and Monday in June I was first told that to stay on Sunday night I would have to pay extra, after I pointed out the offer included Sunday night and read it verbatim the clerk said, "Oh, we have six groupon offers right now"...Okay, that got straightened out so let's get on with it.  As we went through the reservation process I happened to ask where the kids slept, a sofa pulllout? I was only then told the room only has 1 King bed.....so either me, my wife, my 12 year old daughter, and 10 year old son shared one bed, or I could pay an extra $30 per night to upgrade to 2 queens.. . I pointed out that either the whole 1 bed for 4 people thing should have been made clear in the offer, or the extra bed charge should have, but to advertise as a room suitable for a family of 4 was just wrong.   I repeated this to a manager.  My options remained to either spend the extra $60 for the upgrade not spelled out in the original offer or to sleep four to a bed, also not made clear in the original offer.  Well, I won't be staying at the Hard Rock-ever.  If you purchased a Groupon beware the Hard Rock bait and switch if you actually plan on taking your kids!  At least I didn't drive all the way to Vegas to find this out..
Our stay at Hard Rock was a NIGHTMARE and never again will I stay there!!!!! During our stay all of our belonging were stolen from our room while we were out at Vanity Night Club. Security claims that they could not retrieve any cervalence footage showing who broke into our room and stole our jewelry, clothes, shoes, handbags, credit cards, cash..etc!!!! I think it's nonsense and we should be reimbursed for our belongings and a perfectly ruined vacation, but hotel management thinks otherwise.  Beware people the staff that work there are low life thieves!! Lock up your belongings. Another guy staying there got his iPad and other belonging stolen from his room as well.
I will never stay here again. We get to our room and even though there are 3 of us we only have 2 towels. Our luggage holder is broken as well as our iron and two of our lights don't work, one is actually missing the light bulb. We tried to call housekeeping and the phone literally rings for 20 minuets. They bring up towels and an iron and guess what, that iron doesn't work. I was really was not impressed with this hotel. Great place to party but not to stay.
I'm a frequent yelper, mostly just to read the reviews since most people are usually spot on. I really felt the need to create an account just to leave a bad review for this place. I've only been to Vegas 3 times, this weekend being the 3rd time. I stayed at the Stratosphere the first time and Imperial Palace the second. BOTH times i had fun and enjoyed my stay. As soon as we tried to check into the Hard Rock we experienced "computer problems". We waited for around an  HOUR before we could check in. Once we did check in, they informed us that because of the computer issues only ONE of the three rooms we booked were ready. WTF?? So we went to the only room that was available and waited around for yet another hour for OUR room to be ready. When we finally got our key, we discover that we had a room with two beds instead of one. So naturally, we were already pretty damn upset. It was 5pm! So we went downstairs to try and get some sort of compensation. The staff was very rude and only gave us 20 off of our resort fees. The only plus about this hotel are the rooms and the beds. Other than that, it's a ways off the strip, the casino itself is ok, and the club in there sucked. We were vip guests with a group of attractive ladies and still couldn't get in. We ended up spending our time at NY NY for much of that night. Really horrible service. WILL NOT COME BACK.
One EPIC FAIL from start to finish!!!.  . So, I called the hotel at noon on my day of check in to let them know that I would be there at midnight. Our drive from Newport to Vegas was quick and painless, got some In and Out and was ready for a fun fun night in Vegas. We pull up at the hotel at midnight and guess what... go to check in. "Oh we're sorry, the hotel is sold out. We'll give you this non-HRH room plus $200 food and beverage and waive your resort charges". Fine, FAIL! Go to the room and what a scary sight. Like something Hunter S Thompson stayed in. Dirty room, next to an elevator, next to a ice maker. Too bad the good Dr Gonzo didn't leave his magic suit case for us! The Either or some pills would have helped us sleep considering "Ding" elevator "rubble, rubble" ice machine every 20 minutes! FAIL#2 Complained some more and got nowhere. Sucked it up and made the best of it considering they said they'd move us first thing tomorrow morning. .  . Ahhhh, if it was that easy. Tomorrow morning rolls around and no dice! Couldn't get a hold of the front desk to save my life! FAIL#3 Phone rang and rang, finally called for the manager. She apologized up and down, said give her "an hour". We went down to the ReHab pool, sacked up and spent $200 on 2 chairs. I confirmed with the pool attendant that the seats were ours for the day. "Yes" and he gave me a receipt. Go back to the room and 2 hours after my initial call my new room is ready. FAIL#4 "OK can you please send the bellman to move our bags?" "No they are too busy". WTF! Really?? FAIL#5 We finally get into our new room...WOW, HRH Suites are super duper nice. Thanks for putting salt in the wound given the disgusting room we stayed in the night before. .  . What ever! Go back down to the pool, the security guard decides to be Mr Big Man with a small di#@. Tells my girlfriend she cant bring her purse into the pool. Really, I was able to 2 hours ago? Whatever, FAIL#6! So she goes back to our room and I go to our chairs by the pool. GUESS WHAT!?! They moved our stuff; "we weren't there..."FAIL#7! Moved us to the back pool and the pool attendant must have compared his junk to the security guard and was all butt hurt because this guy didn't care where I was or what happened. "This is the best you're going to do". Glad I came down early and got a good seat...nope. Pool gets 3 highlights; Amber our waitress, super nice. Ian, who said he'd help us out and make up for it and then Courtney, who actually took care of everything, thank you. .  . Things are looking up for us from this point on, in fact had a very nice dinner at 35 Steaks. Really enjoyed the Beet Salad and my Ribeye. Following dinner we went to the bar anticipating the real reason we're here. Fitz and the Tantrums. Oh, FAIL#8 is right here...I spent $90 on 2 tickets, I'm dumb, cause there's a voicemail on our room phone and some girl walking around the casino handing out free tickets! Darn it! Wasted that money. Show was AWESOME, love those guys. Really, if you get a chance, go see Fitz...just do it somewhere other than the Hard Rock Hotel. .  . After the show, headed into Vanity Night Club, with thanks to Courtney's business card, we would have never gotten in without it. You should have seen the "line" actually it wasn't anywhere close to a line just a mess of tarded looking people trying to get into the club. (Tangent here: Hey Big Girls, I know someone loves you, but don't wear that dress! Wow!) Zero organization by hotel security. Almost a fail, but we got in with some elbow grease by my partner in crime. Had a great time at the club! Big space, fun music, I like the out door area to get away for a bit. Finally the night is almost over, we went back to the room to order room service...wait for it...it's almost here...yup, FAIL#9: Delivered our room service and you'll never guess...brought the wrong food! Love it, not the failures the irony of it all! We eat what was there, booze makes you do crazy things. Went to bed and thought we were done..  . FAIL#10!!!! Went to check out and the bill was wrong! They didn't waive the resort fees. Really, had to wait on hold for Manager (got to know the management staff well on this trip). They fixed the bill and I was done! .  . Back to our management encounters, all of them. Matthew, Courtney, Ian and 2 other front desk managers. All super nice all said "Sorry" way too much and all need to stand up at their next management meeting and fix the system, the hotel and the way things work and most of all the bell desk and pool attendants attitudes towards hotel guests!...You guys are in a service industry, pretend to be nice and friendly, you don't know who you're going to be rude to, he may be some guy who has too much time and likes to yelp.
Nice room, room service awesome,pool party is garbage and has ruined the hotel.the pool staff is lazy and no where to be found. The quality of the hotel is not like the place i remember. Be coming here 20 years and i am saying goodbye for good. Step it up and be the old fun hardrock and may be i will come back. I would not recommend this hotel to play. Everyone wanted a hand out to do something for you. What happen to customer service and making the customer happy? The Paulie d guy is a really bad dj.
Wheredo i begin...I'm home, hallelujah, and no longer have to deal with people to pompous to serve you and who could have cared less that you were paying them to stay there.  Let's be clear, they have Rehab, big whoop.  Its a drunken mosh pit of rejects who think that binge drinking is the epitome of class, while sadly like the hotel, they have none.  . . As for the hotel, if black were a color and dark and dingy were a fashion statement, this place would rein supreme - however for those of you that know better, this is not the place to be.  While the rooms in the HRH tower were nice, the hotel, like its staff, was old and outdated.. . Bars and food, sure - like hotels they have them.  like other hotels, Hard Rock's were almost never open.  Who has a sports bar that is closed during the NBA and NHL playoff games - only agreeing to turn on the tv's after talking to several managers and still refusing to open the bar?  And once they open tell you that food service is available, but tell you that they can't send you a server so you have to go to one of the restaurants, order take out, and bring it back into the sports bar.  Need a drink - bar across the casino is open, but sorry - you can't order one in the sports bar!. . Checking out - it takes a team of six (6) to find your bill and print it only to realize, they charged you incorrectly...but no worries, there is nothing the front desk gal can do...you have to deal with accounting that wants you to prove they messed up.  how do you prove you didn't charge anything to your room when they can't produce a receipt showing you did and you can't produce a receipt showing you didn't! Morons rule here!. . Staying here, buyer beware!!
Bad service for two night stay. Room needed rehab help (casino tower 972).  Remote, shower, ironing board and iron did not work.  Gave feedback and even left a hand written note with iron board on bed and no action.  Insult to injury was long check in wait and difficult find thae bell captain to keep bags for the day.  Too many other choices to select Hard Rock again.
I've decided to write another review of this hotel and casino as my opinion of this place has drastically changed.  Hard Rock use to be a cool Casino where all the hot young people would flock to, in order to have some fun.  Being a loyal Hard Rock faithful for the last 7 years I can now honestly say this place went down hill big time. I started to notice it last year but continued to stay there in hopes it would turn around.  I can honestly say I will NEVER stay there or party there ever again. Their hotel just sucks. The hotel is filthy dirty, the staff is RUDE, the pool is an STD waiting to happen and the staff is ugly, old and auffle!.      One of the reasons I use to frequent this casino was because I knew everyone who worked there. Everyone use to be so friendly and nice, boy has this place gone down. Why would you ever go to Hard Rock, Rehab or any of there ghetto Jerseyfied clubs when you can stay somewhere nice like Cosmopolitan or Encore. Not to mention those 2 hotels have fabulous and classy pool parties. At Hard Rock you can find all the overweight rejects who just want to get black out drunk and cause problems at their pool or nightclub. After taking a huge step back and finally deciding to venture out of my little Hard Rock bubble I realized that I waisted my time in a shit hole over the last 7 years. Mark my words I will never return. Too bad that me and all my hot girl friends won't be going back there,  looks like the pool will be even uglier now! . DO NOT STAY AT THIS DIRTY, RAUNCHY, DINGY HOTEL! Oh, and to the new managementstaff at the Pool you all suck and are rude! Especially "the Asian guy who claims he's the pool manager" and "Mike" the VIP Host who is not so VIP.  I miss the days when AMG ran the pool.
Check in took forever. 5 people at the front desk, one was on the phone, two were training or counting papers or something, 2 actually checking people in. It was also a weird experience as the employee's are in a pit below you and you have to bend over to a 3 foot table to sign forms and whatever.. . Rooms in the Paradise tower are very cool looking and appear clean, but upon inspection there is dust EVERYWHERE.. I ran my finger across a picture frame for 12 inches and pulled off a 1/2 inch thick wad of dust.. . The biggest gripe I have is that the largely consists of local turds, jersey shore posers and rocker wanna-be's.. Luckily most of them hang out at Pink taco, but a much lower end experience than what you would get on the strip.. . Back to the rooms, the cleaning / catering staff (in room) is severely challenged. When I got to the room, i noticed the mini bar was only half provisioned and the tray that electrically holds cookies and nuts was missing over half the entries.... I thought they may have just run out.... Nope, next morning, on TV bill, I not only had an entry for a movie (3 total, i watched 2) I didn't watch but a bill for 3 food items.... . WTF.. I called to the desk below and complained, and they were emphatic this gets restocked every day... I called bullshit but they didn't care... . And lastly, unless I saw this with my own eyes I would have called bullshit. My buddy was checking into his room.. The door opens, and what does he see, a woman on her knees (on the floor) getting banged by a dude... These are electric keys so it couldn't have been the wrong room but obviously the top of the house isn't talking to the bottom..... . I would have liked to return here for a concert but honestly, Mandalay is much better. I liked the quaintness and the seclusion of this place but the front desk check in, the rude locals, the dirty rooms and just the general disregard for client happiness makes me wonder how i could possibly consider it.
How is this hotel still in operation? By far the worst hotel still left from the old Vegas era. Perhaps this hotel can be torn down and moved to Reno or better yet New Mexico desert.. . The staff stole my wifes bikini bottoms!!! Oh and someone left a terd in my hotel room toliet with the toliet brush still in it!!! .... As if it was me...ya, like I would carry a toliet bowl brush with me in my suitcase, would use the bathroom and then not flush?! WTF...seriously. . . I left the sign out not to disturb/no houskeeping and that exactly the opposite of what happened. I awoke to some maid riffeling through my open suitcase. She said it was in her way of cleaning and that she was moving it out of the way. After speaking to the front desk, they said they would get us free VIP passes to their stanky run down club. Has anyone seen this 'nightclub'? OMG what a joke.. . Run! Far away and dont look back. Did I mention I saw pest control in hazmat suits going into an apartment 3 doors down? Yikes. Scary
We reserved a celebrity suite a month prior and had requested the pool table in the room.  We were having a party.  When we checked in they said that was no longer avail., O.K., bummer but what can you do?  Next they said the room wasn't ready yet so we went and had lunch came back at 3:00 room still wasn't ready.  I guess someone threw up in the suite the night before and they were shampooing the carpets but couldn't get the smell out.  The front desk person said they would talk to the manager and try to upgrade us.  She came back and said there were no more suites avail.  I told her someone form the Hotel had contacted me the day before asking me if I wanted to upgrade, they were clearly lying.  I did get the upgrade.  The next day I was to move to a standard room and was told it wouldn't  be ready until noon.  Not a problem, my husband and I went down for breakfast only to come back to being locked out of our room.  It too a half an hour for them to let us back in.. . This hotel is a glorified dormitory.  Drunk girls EVERYWHERE.  One girl was throwing up in the hotel hallway.  The rooms are disgusting.  I feel so sorry for the housekeeping who have to work at this hotel.  It is just damage control.. . I was told by an employee the on Sundays (Rehab the pool party) makes more on that one day in alcohol  than the entire hotel does in one week.  By the way that was so difficult to watch as I was waiting for a taxi at valet these people STAGGERING drunk out front from their day of drinking at Rehab.  There are ambulances in the back parking lot every Sunday just dealing with the dehydration and alcohol poisoning on Sundays.. . The one think I will say is the the bellmen and valet were very helpful and nice.  The food at the 24 hour restaurant was very good.. . We will NEVER stay here again.  It was vile and disgusting.. . I agree with Rico, it should be moved to Reno or Mexico. It give Vegas a bad name.
Never staying here again. The Rehab pool party was going on while we were here and it was such a mess. Not my scene.
We got some sort of deal to stay in a room in the original tower.  After a 2000 mile motorcycle road trip staying in motels in random towns, I was ready for my splurgy hotel.  I expected all the glitz and glamour Vegas has to offer with our HRH room.  Like most things in life, I should've lowered my expectations, because I was sorely disappointed.  . . Atmosphere:  More or less my thing.  Definitely not my bf's thing.  Too loud, too wild, and too crazy for his liking.  I liked the decor, it was sleek and modern.  I thought the sexy catalog on the bed was cheap and tacky.. . Room:  Clean modern lines.  White, black and red motif with a big comfy bed.. . Service:  Good and bad.  Either way, our problems were dealt with quickly...but not throughly.  Let me explain.. . After hauling up a motorcycle trunk all the way from self parking (how do you valet a motorcycle?) I was happy to be in our room.  Until we realized how dirty it was.  There was still dried red puke surrounding the toilet.  EWW.  A call down got us an upgrade to a room in the new tower.  I wish they would have sent someone to help us with our luggage, I mean, it WAS their fault.  We lugged our three trunks back down and across the hotel to the new tower.  The lady had promised that we would love our new upgraded room.  We loved the room.  We didn't love that it was a smoking room and there was ash everywhere, even in the shower!  I didn't call again, we just dealt with it.  . . Toiletries:  Great items.  I can't quite remember what kind they were, but they were great.. . Overall:  I can't respect or recommend a hotel that doesn't clean their rooms well.  Seriously, it's gross.  Stay for the party party atmosphere, then go somewhere else and sleep.
I am currently staying at this hotel and I went up to my room and found a drunk girl in there. I called down to the concierge and they told me she was checked into our room by mistake. They gave us minimal compensation and they have several hidden unexpected fees. They are located about a mile off the strip, which would be fine for a reduced price, but this place is not worth it. I will never stay here again.
I have been to Vegas many times and this was by far one of the worst hotels you can stay at in Vegas! The only reason I'm giving it any stars is because the bed and pillows were nice. That's about it. I have a very long list of what went wrong for my fun 30th Birthday weekend.. . First, most of the outlets in the room didn't work. There was no lights in the bathroom and the phone didn't work. Also, we had no toilet paper in the room and when we called to have them come fix everything and bring toilet paper. No one ever showed up. I had to go to the front desk and ask them to send us toilet paper. . . When it came time to dine at Mr. Lucky's for breakfast, it took about an hour and a half for our food to come. The customer service in this hotel was so bad. I couldn't believe it.. . When it came time to go to the pool. The first made us get in line with everyone else. Then they told us guest had to use another door. We walked all the way across the casino to be told we had to go back and get wrist bands. Then we did and they wouldn't let us in that door with our bags of sunscreen. We asked the front desk what door hotel guest had to go to and they sent us to do door that was not letting anyone in the pool. Finally we find the right door after about 1 hour of trying to figure it out and by the time we go to the pool there was NO place to sit. They told us we could get a cabana for an additional $500. I asked for the manager and when the pool manager came over, I told him I wanted to speak with the hotel manager and he told me he couldn't call her. I had to get up, walk all the way across the casino again and wait about 30min to speak with her. She did give us$200 towards our cabana, but we still paid $300. I couldn't believe it. Although, Dino at the pool is AMAZING and he was the only one that felt bad about what was going on and took some stress off of us.. . All in all, it was very stressful and everyone in my party was getting upset. We spent a good $10,000 on everything there and should never have been treated the way we were treated. . . I will never stay or even go to this place again, no will I ever use any Hard Rock for work or personal use again. There are much better Hotels in Vegas!
HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!! STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I am going to start this review by saying that I hard to please and very opinionated. When I love something, I will say so, but when its bad, I will scream it!  I dont write reviews often, but it must be really bad or really good for me to post! I am very sincere about my experiences. just an FYI. THIS WAS WORSE THAN BAD! .         Checked in at Noon yesterday, room was not ready. They sold me an upgrade to the new HRH suite tower. Said they would call when ready. I called at 2:23pm cause had not heard, room still not ready (an entire tower of rooms and not a single 1 was available?) Finally at 9pm I went to hotel and got in room. Went down and gambled (dealers friendly- only plus). When got back to room...EVERYTHING went bad! Ready??? There were HAIRS in the bathtub- long black hairs (I am a redhead btw), couch was covered in black spots, there was no batteries in the tv remote, half the bathroom lights did not work, phone kept beeping til unplugged it (so couldn't call down to guest services and complain about everything and since was almost 1am didnt want to go down and bitch as it was late,) and the kleenex box was dead empty.         The WORST thing.... oh my god, I shudder thinking about it.... the next am, after sleeping on the right side of the bed, woke up and pulled back the comforter.............there were BLACK pubic hairs and rocks in the bed under the comforter, all over the bed. I am a redhead, they were NOT my hairs!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WAS SOO SKEEVED OUT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Each thing adds up, but all of it means they did not clean room, check the electronics nor care about customer service. I went down and spoke with someone in VIP services, and they did not CARE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Other stuff happened as well, was told that days food and drinks would be taken care of and a manager from hotel would be by our cabana at pool to talk to me....NEITHER of these things happened! I have pictures...... they will be sent to channel 13 to investigate..... Also- checked out 24 hours early, thats how bad it was!!!!!!!!   All I can say is....................STAY AWAY! Visit the Palms or Bellagio or Cosmopolitan for a much better higher end experience!!!!!!!!!
There was no air conditioning in the room.  We had to leave at 1 AM because we couldn't take the heat anymore!  They charged the full rate for only staying at the hotel for 2 hours!
They get ONE star, because the beds and pillows were comfy. but thats it.... . Here starts my Bitch rant..... . Well, this is the LAST time we stay at a hotel based on theme!!!! My friends and I always wanted to stay here because it always looked so hip and being music fans, all the memorabilia intrigued us. We got a great deal so we jumped on it. Little did I know the great deal was because this place and the service sucks BALLS!. Check in was fairly easy. Deposit was 50 per night which I haven't had at other places but whatever. We came into a hot room. A/C barely worked. No trash can in the bathroom. Who ever cleaned this room was in a rush or just didn't give a rats because she/he over looked the bobby pins and hair clips and boogers on the wall. Boogers you say? Yes we had a Fucking BOOGER collection started off on our wall that some half drunk broski in his two sizes two small affliction shirt must have started on his stay previous to ours. Gross. Toilet paper was almost gone, barely any toiletries. Who fixed our room up? Did anyone at all? Sheesh! . . It took 3 calls for them to fix our AC and it didn't get fixed I called at midnight on our second night asking when someone was going to come up and fix our damn ac. Which after the fix, didn't really do much. We still were super hot. Time to sleep in our chonies I guess!. . Check out was a nightmare. We were supposed to be comped out rollaway bed for our troubles and I ended up gettin charged for it plus our deposit and I'm still trying to get that resolved. You would think I would get a free night considering we slept in a sauna but whatever. Of course my extra charges like room service was billed But the credits weren't given back. The front desk can't take care of it, because they are all derp derps... you have to call a different number of course which I'm sure being hundreds of miles away is going to be a pain in the ass. When I finally got a hold of Accounting, the lady was a total CU next tuesday when I explained the situation. Im still waiting on the credits to be refunded. Its been a week. I will call again until I get my money back. . . They realllllly don't want me to get nasty on the phone. . . Other than that, the drinks are redic expensive, the beer wenches who fetch you your drinks while you gamble take forever to bring you your drinks if you can even find them. They only saving grace is the go go dancers. But they have those at other casinos. This place is good for the music and the memorabilia. THAT IS IT. . . . . Stay away if you can!
We will never, ever, ever stay at this hotel.  Ever.. . I saw a Groupon for this hotel and thought it would be a good idea for his birthday weekend.  The last time we've stayed at a Hard Rock was to attend a concert in Orlando and that experience was really good.. . We arrive at the hotel and the line to check in was really long.  We were put in a room overlooking the pool at the Paradise tower.  You can tell this hotel has some major mileage on it.  It's in need of a make-over and a serious deep-cleaning.  I had heard the new HRH tower was really nice but I guess we didn't get that option seeing we were using a Groupon.. . We tried to hit the pool for just a little bit at 4:30pm when we got in.  Most of the pools were busy except for the Nirvana pool which had a couple of places open.  There were empty beer cans and cigarettes in the sand just about everywhere.  When we got back to theroom to shower and change, I called the concierge desk to ask about renting one of the daybeds or cabanas for the next day.  They told me "Lisa" would call me back.  Hubby and I then wanted something to drink and we tried to open the mini bar.  Again, we called downstairs and they couldn't open it remotely.  The front desk lady said she'd send up an engineer to fix it.  The engineer never showed up in the 2 hours we were there.  . . And the Daybed reservation?  Well, Lisa never did call back either.  When we got back that night at 1:30am, I called downstairs and told them I couldn't understand why I never got a call back and I was already pretty ticked off.  I felt like I was at some ghetto hotel and that's not what I wanted for Hubby's birthday.  I got a call back at 8am Friday from the manager and they told us we had a daybed and they reduced the minimum for us.  Now, the only thing I will share is they have a min drink and food order of $500 for the daybeds and more for the cabanas.  I thought we would meet the min they gave us for the day so I was good with reserving it.  We got down there and the DJ was playing some great jams and we started to drink and finally relax.  The pool water was nice and cold which was great given it was 104 outside.  . . There were lots of people and I can only say that by 3:30pm, the place was a veritable zoo.  Many, many of the people were so drunk that they couldn't walk, and I will tell you that one couple - right in front of us - was "doing it" in the pool.  They thought they were being slick about it but EVERYONE around knew.  There was a group of guys that pointed to them and were busting out laughing.  At that point, we got out of the pool because I was totally disgusted.  I told one of the waitresses and she said that happens all the time.  Yikes.  I can say I took a really long shower that night and I still felt gross.. . We didn't want to spend a lot of time at this hotel after that and frankly, we even looked into moving from here to the MGM or the Bellagio.  Every morning, the DJ did his sound checks at 9am and basically woke the whole hotel up.  I go on vacation to sleep in and that - along with everything else - made this memorable in bad way.  If you're into the more rank, drunken-mess type of fun, then you'd probably have a lot of fun here.  We like to have fun but I think we're more of an MGM Grand, Bellagio or Cosmopolitan hotel crowd.
I get better service at the DMV. . . I travel for a living and have stayed in hundreds of hotels because of work and by far this was the worst hotel experience I have ever had.  My wife and I came to Vegas for a fun time so we decided to stay here.  First of all we felt like we were staying at the "Jersey Shores".  If that is your crowd then you will really like it a lot.  When we checked in they said they upgraded us to the Paradise Tower with a pool view.  We asked for a mountainside view when we made reservations but were told that it wouldn't be too loud and were assured that we would really like the poolside view upgrade. BAD idea!!!! When we got to our room the music from the pool was going and all the speakers face the Paradise Tower and because it's so loud it literally vibrates the windows.   Honestly plan on never sleeping if you get a poolside view room.  As a heads up the decor in the Paradise Tower is so dark the rooms are dark and it shows dirt really easily.   We had so many problems that we called guest services from the hotel phone.  We let the phone ring for 30 minutes for someone to answer.  When they finally did they sounded annoyed.  We asked if they had any other rooms but they said they were full and wouldn't allow us to change rooms.  That didn't seem right so after I hung up I called the reservation desk from my cell phone.  When I did they said they had plenty of rooms in the hotel and I could get a room without a poolside view.  So I called back and again no one answered or picked up for 15 minutes.  I ended up calling the main number on the website and they picked up right away.  So if you ever stay here NEVER call the guest service number from your hotel room but call the number on the website with your cell phone and they will pick right up.. After two days of not sleeping because from the music from the pool and the music from the pool area from the concert at the pool at night plus the guests next to us who brought their own sound system and blasted music all night we had enough and demanded a room change.  When we asked they said they were full but I told them we had just called reservation and were told they had plenty of rooms they finally admitted they had rooms and they moved us.  We ended up getting moved to the HRH tower and what a difference.  The rooms are bright, big and the windows don't vibrate all day from music.  IF you want a quiet peaceful room the HRH tower is it.  It is more expensive but SO worth it.     . As for the pool because the pool has limited pool chairs I had to go down at 8 am every morning and put towels down on chairs to save them because if not it fills up fast and you won't get a lounge chairs.  If you want to pay for poolside bed or cabana that is another option but for the free lounge chairs get down early and save your chairs in advance.  . As far as the service from the staff something is coming from management because I have never been this badly treated.   I get treated better from the DMV then from people that work at the Hard Rock Hotel.  Overall I give this place a 0 but the lowest score I could score it was a 1.  We will never stay here again and in talking with a lot of other guests they feel the same way.
This place SUCKS! NO CUSTOMER SERVICE! payed for a suite with a king bed and they give me a room with 2 queen beds! After try to up sell me at check in! Classic!
Overpriced for a non-strip hotel (and if you want to walk the 1 mile to the strip, it's pretty sketchy). I had the hotel paid off prior to arrival, but the resort fee + taxes for a 4 night stay was $300. Explain that! The "Health Club" is full of old equipment and broken tvs. I tried all the restaurants, and the only one worthy of a return was 35 Steakhouse and Martinis - I gave that place 5 stars. Culinary Dropout was 2 stars, plus another 1/2 star for the pretzel bites. The "free shuttle" to the strip stops at 5, so if you want to spend the day at the pool and evening on the strip, your time is limited. The pool is divided into numerous parts, with the outside bathroom next to the stage. If you don't pay for the wristband to enter that area, then you have to take your wet, sandy self inside the hotel. They do bag checks on their guests like they're criminals. I bought a couple items at Fuel Coffee just inside the doors, but they made me throw it all away before going out to the pool. I could go on an on an on..... . HRH essentially ruined this trip for me, which in turn ruined my husband's 50th birthday. Our last stay was at the Tropicana which is 80 times the hotel that this dump is.
It's really too bad that Yelp doesn't have a negative star rating because that's what I would give the this hotel.. . There are three adjectives that I use to describe this facility are rude, inefficient, and arrogant (plus tacky and unclean!). . On July 3rd, our Auto Club travel agent made a reservation for us for August 17 through the 19th.  We put the lodging fees on our credit card--had a receipt showing both the payment and the reservation.. . On August 17th, after driving over 600 miles through rain and lightning storms from Northern California, I went to the front desk to check in for our family.  The clerk looked at his computer and said our reservation had been cancelled on July 17th (and our credit had still be charged).  I was shocked and showed him my receipt and reservation document.  He went to talk to his manager (Matthew) who basically told me that he would do what he could but if his superior said no we would be out of luck (that meant that my wife, daughter, and myself, after paying and making reservations, would have no place to stay.) . . I became furious because we had paid, the hotel staff had listed the wrong date on the reservation, and rather showing compassion and concern, Matthew showed as much warmth as an iceberg in the Arctic.  When I reacted in anger, he said he wasn't going to do anything that would guarantee us a stay. We then were forced to go find another hotel to stay at for the evening (this at 11:15 pm on a Friday night).. . I wrote a letter to their CEO almost a month ago detailing what had happened and heard nothing back from him.. . When it comes to reliability, courtesy, and concern, THIS HOTEL IS NOT A HARD ROCK IT IS A SOFT PEBBLE.
1 star for the room which was stylish, comfy and clean. However, this was the worst hotel as far as service that I have ever stayed in! None of the employees are willing to provide assistance. It seemed like they just wanted to do the very minimum to get by and complete their shift. Also, the pool was freezing (even in the 90 degree weather) and closes too early. . . We were going to take the shuttle to the strip on the first day but noticed a sign that read "7 passenger maximum"; there were already more than 7 people in line, so we walked over to the Taxi line. A member of the bell staff told us the shuttle actually could hold 20 people, so we left our spot in the taxi line only to find out from the shuttle driver that the car indeed only holds 7 passengers. . . Later on that day, we were at the pool trying to rent a day bed. We asked a guy that was in the pool staff uniform and he told us we had to ask another guy. When we asked that employee about it he said he would help us in a few min. We waited 15 min for him while he was chatting with some other guests and eventually just took a vacant day bed where we hung out for 20 min for a waiter to come by to get our drink order..... no one ever came by. . . The next evening, I called "In Room Dining". The person that answered the phone, put me on hold for 5 min upon answering without asking permission first. When she got back on the phone, she abruptly told me that the food would take over an hour to arrive to my room. She came across as irritated when I was asking her about cheese options for the burger. The food arrived in 15 min while I was in the shower. . . When I checked in a few days prior, I asked the employee at the front desk how I would go about printing, scanning, and emailing some documents for work. He said the only way to do this was to use the "Business Center". In the morning, just before checkout, we paid $20 to use the center for just enough time to print, scan and email 4 pieces of paper. The cost was $22. Upon checking out, the lady told my boyfriend that the front desk could have taken care of any computer services for free. We walk out to get the bell staff to hold our luggage while we eat brunch and gamble before our flight. A member of the bell staff asks us " how are you doing today". We answer "Not good at all" his reply is "Oh". We end up taking our bags and spending the rest of our time in Vegas at another hotel. I was not about to give this establishment one more dollar. . . This is supposed to be "rock star" service???  Everyone is better off staying somewhere where they are thankful for your business and treat every guest with a little kindness.
This place sucks, thru and thru.  If your looking to get your money's worth in Vegas at a "High-end" hotel, avoid this place.  I was told something about their M.O. involved making their customers feel like "Rock Stars".  Total BS in my experience.. .   Before I start, I heard this location went under new management or something, so be warned, it may have changed if you stayed there before.. .   The rooms are really nice, building is pretty, and some people know what's going on, that's it for the good.  If you don't mind asking for a manager at every hinge, or know the way this place operates to avoid extra fees, go for it.  I was told of amenities in one email, and see separate charges on my receipt for it later.  I find out I have amenities like the spa after leaving when I heard from an employee it's $25 per person.  I go to the business center to make prints, copies, scans, emails and faxes and get charged $25, then find out the same services are complimentary at the concierge desk.  I get TONS of bark about their shuttle service, turns out it only holds 7 passengers.   Perhaps their 20 person vehicle was down since that's what the bell boys and rest of staff tells us they have (but don't know since nobody here knows what's going on, or cares), but if that's the case, don't make your customers be the ones to pay for your down services by having to get a cab because your hype is false.. .   Seems the staff departments are not on the same page, you ask each department the same question (and in my opinion should be able to be found on a computer under your name), and they will either send you somewhere on the other side of the hotel, or give you a wrong answer, or give you a number your stuck on hold with for 20 mins, or simply be rude and not try to help.. .   We visited 20 of the casinos in Vegas, walked thru, swam at some, gambled, drank, ate, took photos.  Most were great at treating you and didn't care that we weren't staying at their hotel, they knew if they treated you well, even without a tip, it would ensure their job, reviews, and a returning customer.  The great places of Vegas really do know how to shine.  Be sure to realize that when your there checking it out for yourself.  This place falls many steps short of those standards in my opinion.. .   Also, I didn't care for the cold pools, most others at least have one pool that's heated.  HRH closes their pool way too early, who doesn't love night swimming! . .   I know how this hotel works in San Diego, and this Vegas one is totally on a lower scale.  Seems to me these Hotels need to work on meeting the same standard quick, I will never go back to this location until I hear about some major rework.  Perhaps it's the fact that there is too much work in Vegas and not enough worthwhile people to hire there, or the company is willing to hire those who only do the bare minimum, but this place is no Wynn, Belagio, or even Flamingo or Luxor.  This place is Motel Six with fancy looks and great elbow grease workers.  The place was clean, fancy and well kept by looks.  The people who deal with customers at the door and over the phone with bosses over shoulder or on camera with demand for good workmanship, are probably not part of my complaints.  But if you are the type to try to get the full value of your money and stay and a hotel, try digging deep here and you will see, you got a complaint, or question, they don't give a rip.  This place fails.  I definitely didn't feel like a "Rock Star".
Went in here to check out the memorabilia and lose a little money at the slots on our way to play some KISS mini golf.  Stuff like Keith Richards' Nudie suit, a couple Johnny Cash guitars, a smashed Pete Townshend guitar, etc. were the high points.  This is one of the saddest casinos I've ever seen.  There were all of about ten people gambling.  Seriously.  This was Sunday, so I hear the pool area is packed for their pool party thing and there was a comic book convention there the day before but the place was EMPTY.
WORST hotel ever!!! So over rated, no one at the hotel has any sort of customer service what so ever...and to top it of the maids steal stuff out of the rooms...they stole my iPad and prescriptions yet the hotel continued to say they were "liable"
NEVER AGAIN!!. . This was my first (and last) stay at HRH.  I have never stayed at a hotel with such poor customer service before this trip - even Imperial Palace was better!!  That's saying a lot...  This review is regarding a stay the weekend of October 6, 2012.. . FRONT DESK:. A-T-T-I-T-U-D-E!!  The main reason we stayed at HRH was because guests get into Rehab pool party for free and it was one of the last parties of the season.  We called reservations and the front desk before booking the room to confirm that this is true.  So, once we arrived it's only natural to follow up at check-in to see if we would receive some type of pass to indicate that we get free entry... Sally Stick-up-her-A** said "you don't get in for free, you have to pay".  I promptly replied that I spoke with several representatives of the hotel before arriving and they stated otherwise.  She told us that because we were checking out on Sunday we weren't considered to be guests on that date and therefore aren't eligible to get in to Rehab for free.. And she specifically said "sorry doll, I don't know what to tell you".  . . Ummm, no honey boo boo.. Rehab opens at 10am and check out isn't until 11am.  Our luggage can be held at bell desk without any problems and we're given a claim ticket for it.  I'm technically a "guest" until I check out of my room, which means I have time to go downstairs at 10am, get my free wristband& check out.  If someone would have told us over the phone what this sister-wife did I would have booked a hotel somewhere else and saved the resort fee.  Anywhoo... When I got to the room I called the organizers of Rehab pool party and they graciously put myself and my friends on a free guestlist so we avoided having to pay $30 each.. . ROOMS:. Casino Tower Pool View - not a good value for the price.   We only stayed for one night but as soon as we arrived there were problems.  The room felt smaller than expected and the bathroom definitely couldn't accommodate four girls.   We called the front desk and asked if it was possible to pay for an upgrade to a larger room and we were told that there were no upgrades available.  BLAHH.  And then, after looking around the room we noticed that it wasn't clean.. . . **There were moths squished/killed on the room walls, live moths flying around, holes in the pillow cases, visible hand prints on the velvet headboards in suggestive positions (EWW), hair in the bathtub and on the sink and floor of the bathroom, rust stains on the floor where water was dripping from the bathroom sink, and after turning on a hot shower the mirror fogged up to show markings indicating that it was not clean as well. We again called the front desk to see if we could possibly switch rooms (same type of room - not an upgrade) so that we can be in a clean environment since we just got to Vegas and wanted to relax. Yet another representative said they could not move us to a different room - even though the room we were in should have been cleaned before we arrived.  Nastiness.. AGAIN, the customer service here is bullshit. . . REHAB:. I've been to Rehab 3 times and this last time was a more relaxed experience.  DJ Pauly D was there and the vibe was fun, even though there was barely anyone at the party all day.  The massive crowds of people filling the pools and cabanas weren't there (the group was about 1/5 of that size).  I liked the fact that there was plenty of available shaded space to sit and relax if we wanted when we weren't in the pool.  If it were the middle of the summer, this wouldn't be the case.  Normally, you are at the mercy of the burning hot sun and need to claim some space in the murky water (this means holding your money in your bikini top and if you have a debit/credit card you NEED to carry ID with you as well - good luck holding onto that for 6 hours after a few drinks).  Food is reasonably priced but the branded Rehab cups are a rip off for $27-$29.  The bartenders fill the 24oz cup with ice and pour 3oz of liquor at the bottom then fill it to the top with a mixer... come on son... My advice is pre-game before you go.. . CABANAS @ REHAB:. *Guys - These are a great idea if you have a large group and plan on staying all day.  Just don't book it directly on the website.  Find a promoter who has a hook up at Rehab and it will save you 1/2 price.  The total can be used towards alcohol, food, water, etc.  Comfy seating with fans, a TV, and safe - TWO THUMBS UP!. *Girls - Same deal, if you actually plan on paying for it.  However 9 times out of 10 you'll end up walking around the pool and will get invited to a cabana and drink for free in the shade.  The only other shade is in the bathroom area and by the covered bar which is SUPER crowded with nowhere to sit.  Day beds are a waste of $ unless you're super pale and want skin cancer
I think the security staff thinks they are in Goodfella's.  I would only stay here if you want to get treated like shit.
Nice location near the Thomas & Mack, which is within easy walking distance.  I had a suite in the HRH Tower.  The HRH Tower has a separate lobby for check-in with only one (yes, one) person registering guests.  I got lucky as their was no one in line, otherwise I would plan on a huge wait.  My room wasn't very clean.  The lighting fixtures had a heavy layer of dust on the them and the white couches looked pretty worn and dirty.  I can only image what's on them and decided to avoid sitting.  The shower had a pool of stagnant water (probably teeming with bacteria) collecting at the drain.  I definitely recommend you pack some flip-flops.  The in-room safe didn't work.  The coffee at Mr. Lucky's was very good, but the service at the counter was atrocious.  My waitress, the worst one I've had in years,repeatedly disappeared and couldn't be found.  I finally got sick of waiting to leave and tossed some money on the counter and left.  I won't come back.  Dinner at the Culinary Dropout was the only highlight of this one-night trip.  I avoided the Pink Taco, where I got food poisoning 2 out of the 3 times I ate there on previous visits.  Unless you are attending an event at the Thomas & Mack, I wouldn't recommend the Hard Rock.
First off, FEES FEES FEES!  . . I've stayed in Vegas on numerous occasions and have never paid over what I paid upon room reservation (aside from the once-in-a-while midnight snack fridge grab).  At check out the total doubled that of the rate quoted to me on Priceline.  These fees were for DOWNGRADING rooms, and a service fee.  Service fee which includes use of wi-fi, gym, and "free" shuttle to the strip(which ends at 5pm btw!).  All of which are normally included in the price of rooms at normal hotels.  I ended up paying more for an off-strip, lackluster, dated, and dirty bathroom hotel than I would have if I just got a room ON the strip.  . . Speaking of dirty, the rooms need major renovating, especially the bathrooms.  I was in Vegas for the Marathon and post-run, all I wanted to do was take a nice long hot shower and feel as clean and comfy as I could get.  Their bathrooms are poorly lit with flourecents, the toilets were not clean and had loose screws, and the countertops were falling apart.    . . The beds were not as comforatable as the beds in several other Vegas hotels.. . The staff was un-welcoming and entitled.  . . And the Casino lacked the "life " and vibe you want when staying in Vegas.. . Don't stay here...stay on the strip.
This was one of our worst hotel experiences ever...  We had to contact the hotel desk everyday of our 4 night stay as something was wrong or missing in the room.. Rooms used and dirty, you can smell cigarette smoke every where.. Our room door did not seal correctly so there was a constant whistling sound. Ended up stacking towels and pillows against it... Would not recommend this place....
I didn't stay in the hotel here but I did come in to bet on the sports books and have a cocktail and listen to some rock before retreating back to my hotel. Wish I hadn't. When I went to the sports books I was looking to put money on the Rockets and Cavs and the guy behind the counter laughed at me saying there was no basketball that weekend. A little weird since he's running bets on it. There was another girl behind the counter who was laughing at me trying to bet on basketball to the point of it just being weird. I ended up putting money on the Texans game but really wish I had gone elsewhere to do it. . . So, gets worse for me. My husband was at a bachelor party for his friend getting married the next day(why we were in Vegas) and I decided to enjoy my first time in Vegas and have a cocktail after I bet. I love rock music and all the memorabilia but, man oh man, the bartenders in the center bar under the globe after you enter last Friday night were just....so rude. When I walked up there was a taller, blondish guy who actually almost seemed mad I was there(they weren't busy anyway, I can see why now) and asked what he could get me. I figured since I was going to watch the A&M game I'd go with my home rooted, southern theme and get a sweet tea on the rocks. So I tell him this and he makes a face at me like I have 2 heads and says "....aaaaaand?" There's more? For one person? I stayed nice and said, "well some lemon if you've got it." Then he just stared at me for a second and said "I need to see your id." I really should have just walked away at this point after not getting a any form of a greeting or at least a polite form of asking what I'd like or to see my ID. He got my drink and just put it in front of me and said "twelve." Heinous price for just one drink but it's Vegas so I said whatever and put down $12. Were I a person who liked to really stick it to rude people I would have put down 12 pennies to make a point. There were other bartenders but the only name I remember was Matt who seemed the least rude out of all and he at least seemed to be in a semi okay mood and was kind of whistling and singing along with the music like I was.. . . So I was alone my first time in Vegas and could have used SOMEONE with a good attitude while I watched the game so when the guy next to me asked me to swap seats with his friend so they could be together I said okay. After I swapped seats that guy's friend had left his beer and I was nice and let him know it was still over there. It was a fresh beer he hadn't even touched so I figured he'd want it! I joked with them and said ooh you can just leave it with me for swapping and laughed and so did they and said no really, sweetheart, you can keep that we actually can't stay. I told them no and was about to bring it to him but before I could even reach out to snag it as I was standing up( I actually think it was Matt) comes over and grabs the beer without a word and puts it down aggressively in front of the guy who kinda looked at me like "sorry." At this rate I'm assuming all the men behind the counter hate women? I also had no drink in front of me anymore and nobody came around to ask if I needed anything else. At that point the extremely hammered guy next to me waved a bartender down and they finally came over. This guy tried to pay for my drink too since I was having a crappy time but I wouldn't let him. The bartender STILL didn't say anything when he put my drink down but boy they sure wanted my money and a tip! I eventually just got up and left which is too bad I was enjoying the music and watching A&M dominate. . . I seriously can't believe the experience I had here. I called the manager the next day but I really am just so irritated at how these bartenders on 1/4 handled a customer I just had to Yelp. I actually wanted to leave Vegas that night after having this be my first experience but I had to stay for the wedding and luckily people were incredibly nice at the other places I went including, Rumor, my hotel and, ironically, the Hard Rock Cafe on the corner in front of the hotel and casino. I wish I could just ask these guys, "really...what was your problem?" I wasn't even buzzed so not like I was an annoying, drunk patron and I don't believe in treating people poorly so it would have been nice to get the same respect fthat I tried to give them.
Stayed here in a suite this week for a corporate event.  For me, this place failed on most counts.  . . I'm sure that when the place first opened, it was the "happening" place to go.  Now, it seems more like the place where wanna-be's dress up for their Vegas experience.  Throughout my stay the word "skanky" seemed to come to mind quite a bit.  . . Most of the decor is dated.  The coolest part of the place is certainly the music memorabilia, but I think the hotel hopes that if you see all of the showcases, you'll miss how cheap and dated the rest of the interior looks.. . Then there's the suite.  For a suite in the HRH tower, you would think that it would be pretty cool.  Instead I was treated to ottomans with suspicious stains on them.  Once I saw those, I avoided sitting on any other furniture then the bed.  There was a large bathtub in the suite, with small curly hairs on the interior.  I had to sweep the bathroom floor with a towel, as I could see where small shards of glass were.. . At 5:45 am I got a call from the front desk, telling me that there was a problem with my credit card.  Who wakes up a guest at 5:45 am.  The guy knew my name and room number.  I suspected a scam so called the front desk myself.  They said there was no problem.  Since I hadn't bought anything, even drinks, at the hotel, I suspect that someone inside the hotel must have given my information to someone to try and scam me out of my credit card info. . . Our company's done a few events with Hard Rock.  I'll be an advocate of trying something new the next time.
I can't believe that no one has complained about the annoying airplanes that take off all night long! The hotel was very nice and the rooms are very comfortable for the price as long as you can get past the not being able to sleep part. They were able to move us to a different tower but needless to say it was just as loud! Unfortunatilly we had to move hotels. They were not very accommodating to giving us our money back but thank god for American express! My advise, don't stay here!
The room did not have lightbulbs, a clockraido, an iron, an ironing board, or anything in the minibar.  The toilet paperholder was loose and kept dropping the paper.  The hall smelled of smoke and puke.  I would not stay here again.
I came here for my anniversary and to see if I wanted to use the hotel to host my company's convention next fall - not going to happen.. . We stayed in two different rooms, a suite in the HRH tower and a "Corner King" in the Paradise tower. The phones did not work in either room, and the suite did not have an ironing board and was beat up pretty good. I went down to tell them the phone needed to be fixed, and they said someone would be right up. I stayed up until 3:00 AM waiting for it to be fixed, and they were a no-show.. . I lost my valet ticket, and they said they would have to call security and make a report before I could have my car back, and this made us late and missed a $300.00 show.. . But the icing on the cake, their maintenance man called my wife stupid when her credit card got stuck in the coke machine. Nobody calls my wife stupid. The manager wasn't concerned and offered me a free drink for my "trouble.". . There were a few highlights, but they are not worth mentioning after they insulted my wife.
Worst hotel I've stayed in in Vegas (I've stayed in a lot).  When we checked in at 11 p.m., theytold us our room was not available.  How is that possible?  Check-in starts at 3 p.m.  After waiting 45 minutes, they finally gave us the keys to our room.  When we get to our room and open the door, there is a man without a shirt on in the bed.  They gave us the key to someone else's room!  That wasn't even the worst part.  While leaving our room at about 9 a.m. the second morning we were there, we walked outside and it smelled like feces.  That was because there was a passed-out homeless man who had SHIT HIS PANTS right outside our door.  We notified the staff about this when we got downstairs, and they seemed pretty nonchalant about it, as if it was a common occurrence.. . Don't ruin your vegas trip - spring for a nice hotel, don't stay at the Hard Rock.
don't come to the hard rock during the week. the room was t any less and most things were closed., like the pools, the club, the juice bar, ect.. also they charge you this bogus "resort fee" that includes wifi, which I was never able to get, shuttle service which we never used( maybe we should have to get to another hotel ! Very disappointed.. will not come back here.
Very POOR.  Charged additional fee for resort fee.  Arrived 5:30 and wanted to go to strip but shuttle stops at 5:00PM.  Went to pool and pool bar for relaxing but unable to receive service at bar then advised pool closes at 6:00PM.  Wow this is Spring Break in Las Vegas and Hard Rock shuts down.  I was charged for resort fees but unable to use resort.  When I mentioned it to the front desk girl she just said tough stay somewhere else.. . What happened to Hard Rock as we have stayed here since opening and brought our children here and thought it would be fun to bring our grandchild here,  WRONG
I am actually appalled at how horrible this hotel's customer service is. I checked in at 9pm. My room was dirty with pancake, towels & sheets all over the floor. I called front desk and all they offered me was a $20 room credit. Then!, the next morning we left at 8am and did not return until 7pm and the room had not been turned down. We called cleaning service and was told there was nothing they could do. Truly the worst trip of my life. I would NEVER recommend this hotel to anyone. You are better off staying at a motel.
We stayed at the Treasure Island for two nights before staying at the Hard Rock for two nights(not the tower suites). I recommend the TI way more than the Hard Rock. The Hard Rock hotel it's self is pretty cool but once your done checking it out, there isn't much to do around the hotel. They do have a shuttle that goes to the strip but it stops running at 5pm. My biggest complaint is about the rooms. Although the bed is very comfortable, the walls are SO THIN you can hear people talking in the hall. You could probably hear them whispering in the hall. Still, that's nothing compared to the airplane noise! You would think when a hotel locates themselves underneath the flight path of take off and landing, they would go the extra mile to sound proof the rooms, this is NOT the case. The TI on the other hand is VERY sound proof. There was also a septic smell that came from our bathroom periodically, which was sickening. Also, unlike the TI, they don't equip the room with a mini fridge, they give you a mini bar full of insanely expensive selections. The curtains attempt to block out the light but they still let some through. The TI has AMAZING black out curtains! Overall, I will never stay at the Hard Rock Hotel again. It's cool to check out but I do not recommend staying there.
We showed up over 45 minutes early to get parking for the Chevelle concert tonight, not that it mattered. Parking was full already- both garages. At least they were sincere enough to stick a security guard in front of one garage telling guests the lot was full; we spent an hour and a half in the other garage (HRH) trying to find parking in a sea of traffic going up and coming down the ramps.. . While we were looking for parking, we decided to try to get in touch with a manager to possibly get a refund for the tickets we purchased should we miss the concert. After being transferred several times (reservations, ticketing, security, security manager, front desk, front desk manager) we finally spoke to Sarah, front desk manager- who told us that if we gave the valet attendant her name and presented our concert tickets, that we could valet the car. The valet manager refused and was very snippy and rude when given Sarah's name; even though there were 3 floors dedicated to valet parking in that garage alone, he wouldn't help. When we called Sarah back, she told us that if we weren't so rude to the employees they would have taken care of us but she would insure we were taken care of anyway. When the valet manager once again refused to accept the vehicle, we called Sarah a third time and were told that the valet manager had the final say and she could no longer resolve the situation.. . I felt as though were were just brushed off at every avenue. I understand the situation with concert guests trying to valet their cars; there is no way they could park every car. At the same time, the guest service was the worst I've ever experienced- especially in Vegas. I'd never been called rude by an employee, ever.. . I don't feel like I have unreasonable expectations; had we been informed when we were purchasing tickets to expect HEAVY delays we would have better prepared for the parking nightmare and parked somewhere else and taken a cab, had there been security in front of the HRH garage telling guests the lot was full we could have still made the concert had we parked somewhere else and taken a cab, had Sarah stood by her assurance that she would have us taken care of, had Hard Rock prepared overflow parking or not scheduled 3 events an hour apart on one night the situation could have been resolved or never arisen in the first place. . . I'll be sure to update with the amount of effort it takes to get a refund for the purchase price of the tickets for the event, and the result of my endeavor.. . EDIT: We were refunded the purchase price of the tickets with the help of LeAnne, but she mentioned that she was only helping us because of how her staff treated us. I definitely won't be patronizing the LV Hard Rock, and doubt we'll be going to others or collecting the HR shot glasses anymore. . . Someone needs to inform these people that casual does not equal shitty service.
I was looking to avoid doing this, but you really leave me no choice HRH. . . On the night of 3 May 2013 C.E., the Hard Rock Hotel and its criminally poor planning lead to a near perfect storm of mayhem in their parking garages, specifically the Harmon structure. . . Too many events, not enough parking. . . --But, Edwin P. Why are you such a whiny complainer? Did you now know this beforehand? Don't you follow HRH on Twitter and did they not announce publicly that there will be very limited parking like the Cosmo does?-- . . No, no, no, and don't call me a complainer. . . No over*flow parking, no employee(s) or basic signage informing individuals attempting to park that there was no parking and to enter the garage, on Harmon, would lead to well over an hour of wasting your petro and brain cells as you inhaled all of the exhaust of other vehicles with patrons, or potential patrons, who are just trying to park their vehicles so they can use their concert tickets to listen to some damn live music.. . We live in a fairly complex world. Source: http://www.ted.com/talks/david_christian_big_history.html. But it is one thing to replicate DNA and another thing to arrange enough parking for your patrons on any given night.. . Do they know beforehand how many tickets they have sold? Yes. . Do they know beforehand how many parking stalls they possess? Yes. . Do they know beforehand how to mitigate for what occurred on 3 May? Apparently not -- they don't know, don't care or both. I say both. . . A property that does not know how to plan for the safe arrival, stay, and exit of patrons or potential patrons should not be licensed to host and promote events. Moreover, whoever was in charge on this night should be summarily terminated for cause.. . -- But Edwin P. As a local you should not even be going to the strip. You should expect this type of blatant buffoonery. I avoid the strip because of experiences like this.--. . Don't talk to me.. . Epilogue: I ended up parking at UNLV. It is actually closer than it sounds. My girlfriend got to hear Paramore's set (The Joint), I was able to walk off my frustrations a bit, and we both got to hear Newsted (Vinyl). I did not have tickets to Chevelle.  - E. . Postscript. The payouts at the table games at HRH are a joke.
We were looking forward to staying at the Hard Rock Hotel in Vegas for some time.  The websites and reviews looked like it would be a fun place to stay.  We arrived on a Sunday when parking at the hotel was chaos due to the Rehab party.  We paid some extra money to upgrade to a different tower with a room available.  Trying to get to our room however was a disaster.  The paradise tower is the same location where people line up and get to their rooms.  I was manhandled through security to get through with our luggage.  It would have been nice if there was a line for hotel guests to pass through the check in to get to their rooms.  The fitness center was nice and the gambling casino was entertaining.  One morning I walked out of our room and there was a black out on the floor.  The elevators were working but it was pitch dark trying to get down to the lobby.  The rooms were nicely decorated with the exception of the fact our next door neighbors smoked weed which drifted into our bathroom vents.  The bathroom water had an odd smell to it.  Needless to say, we won't be coming back.
I've visited the Hard Rock several times. It is what it is, an off-strip casino trying to define itself in a sea of other, arguably, better choices. If you're into the Hard Rock thing then you'll be heaven, otherwise, maybe not so much.. . But this review is about trying to stay there. Go ahead, try to book on their web site. Try to compare prices on their various offerings. Did I say try to actually book a room? Good luck. I've seen better Middle School websites which, by the way, actually function.. . If you not into watching tedious flash animation of "rock'n'roll" imagery and seriously just want to browse and maybe book a room at the Hard Rock, save yourself some time, call them. Oh sorry, they're so busy that probably won't get you much further.. . As so many other reviewers have said here, if you want decent customer service, you're probably better served looking elsewhere.
I want to start by saying that as an avid yelper, I'm usually one to praise amazing service and I tend to let the bad slide. . . However, staying at the hard rock was an absolute nightmare. From the moment we pulled up the valet was extremely rude. It was memorial weekend so I understand that it was busy but the treatment he gave my friend and I was horrible. He acted like we were dumb females that couldn't wrap our minds around what he was saying. All he had to say was please pull ahead and park in the garage, we are at capacity.. . After spending an hour looking for a spot in the garage, we checked in. The room looked nice at first but once you try to turn on the lights it's a whole different story especially since half of them didn't work. To clarify, we had upgraded to the HRH tower so we were expecting more of the room than just your standard Vegas hotel room. The bathroom was nice if you were with your lover. The shower and bathroom doors are clear. Not ideal when it's just you and a friend. Not to mention,  the toilet constantly made a hissing noise throughout the whole stay.. . Now the big problem I have with this hotel is why I'm writing. We booked this room instead of another because we wanted first access to the rehab pool party... This is where the bad dream turned into a nightmare.. . After waiting 4 hours in line to get the wristbands and being told the system was down (manager confirmed that was a lie), people started getting antsy. . . The area was littered with security who just stood around and did nothing. Eventually people decided it was time to riot... My friend and I got shoved to the ground and thrown through a door where we waited until everyone calmed down. People were screaming and running and I had assumed the worst before knowing what actually happened. I feared for my life as did many people I talked to.. . I tried to talk to a security guard who explained he was freelance and to talk to the front desk. I spoke to the woman at the front desk who although very disinterested eventually agreed to call a manager who said head of security would be right over. A half hour later and he still hasn't shown up so I called the manager myself. Allison (the manager) agreed to have security meet us back at our room because we did not feel safe.. . I have now been waiting for over an hour and called twice and security still has not shown up. I explained to Allison that having waited all morning in a line to get shoved to the ground we were starving and could not wait any longer to eat, she offered us an in-room dining credit (the first glimpse of any customer service this far) and asked us to please continue to wait for security.. . Still waiting... It's absolutely disheartening the lack of concern they have for their guests.
We pulled in on Saturday morning and valet was a mess. We got in line and didn't move for 5 minutes, got cut off a few times, and ultimately decided to go into the parking structure instead. The first few floors were crazy, but the 6th floor was nice and empty, so parking ultimately wasn't too bad.. . Time for check-in. We received an e-mail earlier in the morning that said we could do early check-in for an additional fee, but declined and took our chances and tried checking in at 1 instead of 3. We got in line, waited for about 20 minutes, and were told that our suite was not ready quite yet. No biggie, since we were a bit early, there were a ton of people, and it was a holiday weekend. We were told to check back in 30-45 minutes.. . Went back at around 1:45-2, and were told that the room was still not ready and to give them about another hour. Okay, so maybe were were a little ambitious, so we decided to go back at 3, which was the standard check-in time. . . We decided to have some drinks at the bar near check-in and do some exploring while we waited. The bar was nice, drinks were good, and enjoyed looking at the memorabilia displayed throughout the hotel.. . 3:00 rolls in and we try again, for the third time. Wait in line again, and are told that the room is still not ready and to come back between 4 and 5!. My friends and I are now getting impatient, and wish the front desk would have just told us a realistic return time instead of having to go back so many times...and check in was supposed to be at 3!! "Ok, FINE", we're all thinking, "let's go to the pool". . . We finally decide to check our things in and go to the pool. So nice! there are a few different pools to choose from, beach pool that has sand in it, DJ, and tables for beer pong. We grabbed a bucket of shock tops, and my boyfriend paid $15 for a bottle of water (ridiculous). It's now 4:30 and we all just want to go to the room and get settled in. We find our other friend at a cool bar inside the hotel (with a sweet chandelier made of chains) and the bar tender there made us some drinks while we decided what to do next. He was so nice and we regretted not getting his name!. . Finally, at 4:30, 2 of my friends decide to go back and try checking us in (for the 4th time), where they are told, AGAIN, that the room is still not ready. This time, the concierge was being really rude to them and to another party who was going through the same problem. I understand that it was a crazy weekend and he had probably been hounded on by other customers, but we were being nice and understanding (i mean, come on, after waiting for almost 4 hours) and to be disrespected by an employee representing Hard Rock was now the icing on the cake, the deciding factor that we would probably never be back. We then asked to speak to the manager, and the rude concierge said something like "so you want me to pull him away from another customer just so he can talk to you?" Shocked and feeling like this must be some kind of joke, we said yes. One of the managers finally came to talk to us and was able to help us out. We told him the situation and said that while we understood it was a busy weekend, we felt like we were being understanding and that the concierge really just sent us over the edge. He apologized and thanked us for our patience (since some other customers were yelling and cussing in the lobby out of frustration) and agreed to get us into the Body English nightclub with 5 free drinks and a $50 comp to our room. Finally, we get to go to our suite!. . Sunday comes along and it's a disaster to get into the pool area. We go to the 2nd floor to get in, and the security guards say "you either have to go back to your room or downstairs" rudely and without explanation. We get sent around to 4 different areas, and each time, the security guards would tell us something different. We just wanted to go swimming in the regular pool :( Our friends got in but couldn't take their bags because it was "too big" (didn't see a sign and were not told about bag regulations) AND we saw 2 other girls get in with their own alcohol. There was a HUGE line to get to the pools, and heard there was some sort of stampede of people at one point because of a fight or something. Someone in the elevator told us that some girls had waited 4 hours to get in and got kicked out shortly after. After about an hour or two of being given the run around, we finally get in. The pool was nice but we are all just so over it and regretting not having stayed at our regular hotel.. . Overall, staying at Hard Rock was a mistake. I know it was a holiday weekend, but things were so unorganized and chaotic, it was incredible. The staff just seemed unprepared and rude, and our party felt ripped off for having paid almost a grand for our suite (which may not be a lot, but it is to us!). It was nice of the manager to get us into the club with free drinks, but we were never given that $50 comp to our room. We will not be back.
Horrible Service and the staff was rude. Not enjoyable at all. Shuttle stops at 5pm to the strip and didnt even mention that on the groupon! The room wasnt even as great as the groupon made it look and had a horrible view out of our window. Definitely learned my lesson and going to start staying on the strip. I would give this 0 stars if i could.
I am extremely disappointed in the security of this place. Yesterday we were at the pool with some friends. An iPhone was given to a waitress and then the phone just disappeared. Been almost  24 hours and some how the waitress at the pool must have got lost on her way to security. We have a handful of people stating that this waitress with dermal piercings located on her left top wrists and on back was in possession of my friends white iPhone. I would maybe expect this to happen because its free on Saturdays but for a valued employee to put the hotel at risk and the people who stay here by stealing from a mother of two, is beyond me. I would warn any visitor to watch your belongings and credit card information. Read reviews and google this place you will find there is more than one case. Sadly she may never get her phone back with pictures of her babies but hopefully this review can help someone. . . We have tried to even contact security today and still no luck. I would like to know how a phone in a hotel could vanish?
Ifit was possible to give negative stars this place would definitely be in that category.  This place has gone so far downhill in every category over the past few years it makes me wonder why anyone would stay, play or party here.  Customer service is basically non existent.  Nightlife is horrible.  Daylife, pool parties are a joke.  Ever since that stupid show aired the pool parties are the most least desirable in Vegas.  The rooms are garbage.  AC is horrible.  The drinks are overpriced and so is the food.  If you are planning to stay in Vegas I would highly recommend staying somewhere else.
Will never stay here again. The rooms are dirty, the tv barely works, the bathrooms are extra nasty...clogged drains so you're standing in dirty water from the last guests. Sink is just as clogged, good luck when brushing your teeth. We called for someone to fix it. That didn't happen. The rooms have no usable fridge, microwave, or coffee maker. Carpet is filthy. Everything was horrible.
I have stayed here before, but none since their remodel and new management. Aside from that I probably have been visiting a few times a year whether to eat and/or gamble for the past decade. Overall those visits were ok. So I can't vouch anything recently to do with the hotel side. This review would fall under the 'casino' side of Hard Rock. Specifically regarding the poker room.. Before the new poker room opened recently, they intially had one opened near the old parking garage side by Pink Taco. I had gotten a security box there on 9/15/09, which required a $100 deposit. It was fairly busy at first, but it wasn't long before the number of players started dwindling. Upon one visit(I think late 2010/early 2011) found it empty. I walked around to find an employee who could tell me if the room was closed. I got to the main casino floor and managed to catch the pit boss on duty and asked. He said that the poker room closed and couldn't really tell me what happened to the boxes. Most of my inquiring was whenever I visited Hard Rock I would inquire. Next visit I believe Iasked the front desk and gotten same answer, they didn't know. I do realize I am also at fault since I didn't aggressively push the issue at first. I kinda figured at the time it wasn't that big a deal that was like an emergency long as I got it taken care of sometime. Dumb move on my part. Only last month did I finally figure I should try to email them since obviously nobody there seemed to be able to tell me anything. So I went onto their website and sent a formal email inquiry on May 15th. I basically outline what I mentioned above and do also state that I do still have my deposit receipt and key. I get the immediate auto-response email saying I will be contacted soon by a HR rep. I wait 3 weeks and nothing. So I sent a 2nd email inquiry on 6/6 rehashing what I wrote in the first email and asking why it would take 3 weeks to even get some kind of response. I actually get a response the next day on 6/7 from Sarah(thankfully someone there is helpful), a Poker room supervisor. She tells me she is told my box has already been drilled open and my deposit was used to cover the cost of materials and labor. And if I required further assistance to contact Mike Decker, director of the casino cage. I did tell her I appreciated her response and will do. I do email Mr. Decker right after just to ask when this occured, out of curiosity. I am still waiting on a response to that email. It is worth noting I had a similar issue at the Venetian but it was handled while I was there the first time and without any problems of getting my deposit back.
I've stayed at the Hard Rock countless times over the last 10 years. I liked several of the dealers as well as the location and size of the casino. But over time, it has changed.. .  Some of the staff is just obnoxiously rude.I get it,you work around drunken reprobates and it get's under your skin. So,since you didn't achieve beyond 800 combined on your SAT scores , you probably don't have many other options,especially with your ugly tatts and makeup. . . After playing BJ for $25 per hand for hours with over 1k in front of me, one would think I might get more than .75 Cents on my playing card.  This happened multiple times. Not even a freakn BLT could be spared or comped.  . . Some of the pit bosses ,dealers and even some of the valet's really think they are too glib and slick for everyone.Ironic,they are in the service industry. Peddling indulgences to vacationers. If you can't tolerate being around 21 year old drunken fools, do something else that doesn't require their patronage to pay your rent.. . When they were remodeling years ago,they didn't even inform us,we had cranes next to our window starting up at 6am. No apologies.No room change.Nothing. . . Off topic,but who defines "Hard Rock" with memorabilia from Brittney Spears and other top 40 trash? . . Ill never set foot in there again.
Let me preface by saying: . . DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES STAY AT THIS DISASTER OF A HOTEL!!!. . My friends and I booked here only because other friends that we were to be meeting wanted to stay here. I was irritated because of it's location off of the strip, but I didn't want to rock the boat, so I acquiesced. Turns out I should have put up the biggest fuss of my life. . . When we arrived at our room in the casino tower, the card reader at the door was faulty and did not work for the 1st, 2nd or 3rd key. Finally, the fourth key worked. When I entered the room, I saw disheveled sheets, tissues on the bed like somebody had just had a "session" a wet washcloth on the alarm clock CRAWLING WITH ANTS, ANTS ON THE ROOM PHONE  and a HORRENDOUSLY foul order flowed out of the room as well. I called front desk and they moved us to the HRH tower. Definitely nicer but guess what... the SHOWER HAD SLIME ALL OVER THE BOTTOM!!! I wore shower shoes for the rest of the weekend after that. The floor was not vacuumed and so I had room flops as well. Just wholly uncomfortable and dirty. . . Honestly, there are so many annoying things to tell, so I will save you the rest of the bloody story and just tell you about the cons.. . CONS:. . - Rehab will chargeyou an additional $3 per drink because of some nonsencical LET tax that they don't tell you about ahead of time. . - They gave us a $50 food credit for the inconvenience, then charged my card for it. . - Did I mention the DIRT??. . - OUT OF THE WAY!! You will spend $80 additional on taxis . . I don't even want to go on. Just save yourself a headache and don't do it!! You've been warned!!
This review does not surround the hotel, casino or rooms which are EXCELLENT!. . but instead THE VALET!. . I arrived after a 6 hour journey from LA, and was staying during the Motley Crue week so it was very busy! After 3 times around the block and finally getting into the Valet I was told I could not valet the car at the main hotel as it was too busy, and to go to the new Valet at the towers! FINE, I went around again and was greeted very quickly by a portly, aggressive valet member...... . He wanted me out of the car before I had even pulled up! I got out and had just a few things to sort out and bring to my suitcase, he took my car keys and asked me the following...... . "what's the name on the car". . I'm not American and did not understand the question, I had hired a car to drive up from LA, so I waked around the back of the car and looked what it said and the replied it's says Lexus Hybrid.....he yelled at me back....."who owns the car", I didn't know he wanted my surname AT ALL! i replied, "Hurtz",  he was a rude, fat, aggressive like an inpatient child! ANYWAY he said really sarcastically ....well what name is on the insurance?, to which I said "It's a hire car and the insurance is from my credit car United.. . It seemed we had a break down in communication from the get go, mainly due to his lack of speech and communication skills. so I simply said....do you want my surname?. . He said sarcastically  "Finally, well done". . I had just completed a long journey and was not going to let that lie, so I replied....you know a better way of getting my name is to simply ask, what's you surname!!! and I then added "I have never been asked the question. 'what's the name on the car" EVER in my life". . He didn't let it go and replied "well I have never met anyone that didn't know what that meant when I asked". . I said " I know what it meant, and I answered you correctly..... you were just using incorrect grammar if you wanted my name......... the name on the car is 'Lexus Hybrid". . He literally then grabbed the keys and sped off in my car!!!. . Upon returning to collect my car, which was brand new, there was a HUGE DINT in the bumper!!! I am pleased to know I must have riled him up so much due to his incompetence he had to take it out on my car! Luckily I have insurance for ill tempered, jobs-worth,  valet attendants. HOWEVER I filled a report, but to little avail. . . Obviously the Hard Rock valet washes their hands of the entire incident and look after their own and THEY claimed my car had been parked only once facing forward and was impossible to have been dented.....AMAZING the lies people can come up with. BECAUSE THIS FAT BARSTEWARD dinted my car!!!!!!!!. . Never Valeting again to be honest, dishonesty does not sit well. . VIVA...
I don't mind paying money for a good hotel stay and I was never compelled to write a bad review for hotels I stayed like this time. . . 1) Mandatory resort fee of $22- not worth it for what is offered for- shuttle and internet. 2) My internet did not work and I was on the phone to connect to front desk twice for 20 mins- i gave up. The phone finally did not work for some reason. . 3) the room does not have a refrigerator and outlets are not near bed. Only on one side far from bed. . 4) The employees in the pool are extremely rude. They might be good looking. Bartender looked very unhappy and had a bad vibe and charged me $16 for the worst margarita I had ever without a single drop of alcohol. . . I want to love this hotel because I love the pool, but I don't think I will come back here.
We stayed because we found a good deal on groupon and didn't mind the distance from the strip...however even for the price, super disappointing experience. When I called for check in time I was told 3, when we arrived i was told between 3 and 4.. We didn't get a room until 445 and that's after me having to complain. The bell boy at the desk was extremely rude and unprofessional, even cursed at me. Like I get we're at the hard rock but really?! . I called the maid service for extra towels and had to wait almost hour to receive them. All in all the staff is rude and everything at this hotel was difficult. I've stayed at hotels that were even cheaper and had a better "5 star" experience.
Our room was a big disappointment. No refrigerator, microwave or coffee maker in room. The bed was HORRIBLE. It was lopsided & I felt like I was going to fall out of it. This hotel is definitely geared for the younger crowd, if you're over 25 you'll probably feel a little out of place. The resort fees are a huge rip off. The wifi is garbage, my phone stayed on 3G the whole time due to the fact it could never connect to their wifi. Finally, tried to check out using the express check out on the TV, system down. Would not stay here again.
Disclaimer: This is the most critical review I've ever written.  I am conscious of the negative aspect of internet culture that allows people to make unduly harsh comments at a high rate.  With that in mind, these are my honest feelings about my stay.  . . As soon we arrived, we were hit with 80's hair metal cranked to 11 with no place to escape, except our room. On every inch of the hotel prepare to enjoy Dokken's greatest hits, and that deep cut from Warrant.  Our sleep this weekend was interrupted by the person who thought it was wise to decorate the hallways with actual drum cymbals.  I'm wondering if anyone during the design process considered the possibility that some guests might try to show off their drumming skills on the way back to their rooms after a night of drinking.  Needless to say, there were a lot of John Bonham wannabee's staying on the 9th floor..  . Keeping with the theme of sleep deprivation, we were couldn't sleep due to the blinking smoke detector installed right above our bed.  When all the lights were shut off, and the black curtains were closed, the blinking smoke detector lit up the room like the lamest rave imaginable. This could go on for pages, so I'll continue with a shorthand checklist of problems:. - Guest Services was terrible.  I had to call 5 times to get an engineer to the room to fix the air conditioning.. - There were no responsible adults to be seen on staff.  All the employees are either in Motley Crue shirts, or working valet.  I really felt like if I complained about anything, they would shrug their shoulders and say "sucks bro." . - There is no place to relax in the hotel unless you want to pay 25 dollars for the spa.  The pool is a giant party filled with cellulite and Bro culture. . - The food tasted cheap,  like it was cooked by the gallon and over-sauced.. . At least the bed was soft. . . Don't stay here unless you miss your freshman dorm.
NICE ROOM BUT MONEY STOLEN FROMMY BAG INSIDE MY ROOM!!. . It was nice when we arrived. The front desk was very nice and the room was better than expected. But that's when it got bad. We stayed two nights for my friends bachelor party. So as you would expect, we would sleep in until about noon. Housekeeping entered our room both days without knocking and began servicing our room without even asking. After our room was serviced, we went to the strip during the day. We come back and our keys don't work. Security let us in. When we finally got into our room, I noticed my bag was open and items were not where I had left them. $250 cash and my Oakley sunglasses case were missing. I called security to report it and they were very friendly and apologetic. I filled out a report with them and was told I would be contacted within 48 hours.. . By the time the report was filed and I got back to the room, my new key that front desk had just made for me, did not work. Called the front desk who sent an engineer to look at the door. The engineer was friendly and said it was an issue with the keys, not the door. We went back downstairs to the front desk to get another set of keys. These keys finally worked. By this time, it was 10:30pm and the line to the club we were going to was very long. The staff for the club said it would take at least two hours to get in from where we were in line. We had planned on being in line at 9pm, but because of the circumstances above, we were not able to do so.. . Our plan to go to the club was ruined and we ended up walking the strip back to the hotel as all the other clubs were just as busy. So the bachelor missed out on the club he wanted to go to.. . At checkout the next day, I mentioned the stolen money to the concierge agent. There was no apology. She just said risk management would get back to me in 48 hours.. . We checked out Sunday and the money was reported missing on Saturday. I had not received any call by Tuesday, so I left a message with risk management Tuesday night. I did not receive a call by 3:30pm Wednesday so I called and left another message. They called me back at 4:30pm Wednesday to tell me it was a busy weekend and they hadn't started the investigation of my stolen money yet and would call me back when the investigation was completed. And she wanted to make it clear that the hotel is not responsible for any stolen belongings unless they are in the room safe.. . So five days after my money and sunglasses case were stolen from my closed bag, I have no answers. It seems the hotel allows their employees to go into guest's bags and take anything they want.
For my bachelorette party weekend, I wanted to send some stuff to the hotel instead of bringing it with me on the plane. I called the hotel and asked them how it would work. They never once mentioned a 'handling fee' to receive boxes. Granted, it was only $35 but I still feel cheated with all these ridic fees (there's a $23 resort fee when you check in).
I had the worse experience of my life in Vegas! We spent so much money getting a cabana at the Rehab pool party and then had some random girls sneak into VIP and steal all of our stuff. This didn't just include my cabana but it also included 3 other cabanas next to us. I called security right away and their response to me was "You're in Vegas what do you expect" well to answer your question is I don't expect to spend all this money and then have all my belongings stolen. I expect security to do its job and to be able to have a security surrounding. The customer service and lack of help was unreal. I couldn't believe such a "prestige" hotel didn't give a damn about their customers. I personally had my iPhone 4S, my FL driver license, credit card, debit card, and cash stolen. I would never go back nor recommend this hotel!!!!!!! This is completely outrageous!!!! WORSE PLACE EVERRRRRR
If you like hot water in your suite, this may not be the hotel for you.  Called several times over 3 day period trying to get them to address the problem.  Their ongoing answer for the problem was to "let the water run" and they have had problems during certain times of the day.  Attempted 4 times over 3 days to get a manger to call me back and never received one call.  Even attempted to contact their corporate offices in FL with no better luck.  What a joke!  Cool casino but hotel not recommended.. . Looking for the best bang for the buck on a suite, check out the MGM Signature.  Much nicer suites with full kitchen, excellent service, better views and yes... the managers will return your calls.. . Todd
Worst hotel I've ever been to. Dirty room (suit) really bad service and no one gives a fuck about your complains.... Now lying in my bed and realized the TV does not work .... Never ever again ... Service as beeing on an festival for lots of bucks....
My husband and I stayed here last weekend. We made a reservation 6 months ago. We got a confirmation email that said "no need to call to confirm, your reservation has been made and your room will be available upon arrival"....However when we arrived we were told that paying for a room in advance "is only a request for a room, it doesn't mean that one will be made available". So when we got there....no room. We were told to hang out and we would be called in an hour when one was to be available, after 2.5 hours we called management and they found us a room when we asked for our money back. THEN, when checking out of the hotel (minutes after leaving our room), I realized I left my heirloom ring on the nightstand, but they wouldn't allow me back in the room to retrieve it, the maid said there was no ring there (I know there was) and I was told that someone would call me to help me retrieve it. That was 2 days ago. No one has called me back. I have since called 7 times to talk to someone to get it, only to be transferred to many people who all tell me that they'll look into it and call me back....still waiting. My next call is to an attorney! DO NOT RENT A ROOM FROM THIS PLACE!!!! I came with a group of 10 people who ALL had bad experiences with this hotel. And I will do whatever I have to, to let EVERYONE know what they are in for at this place!
It was ok
Ok I'm sitting here in my room holding my bladder! I'm here for my cousins wedding.. I just checked in which by the way wasn't a good experience. I always bring water with me because I drink it all day long. I was told by the Bell Hop I was not aloud to bring it in and to read the rules near the entrance. I was hoping to be able to bring my organic apples and strawberries as we'll but he said no coolers, no food, no water, nothing. So that really puts a damper on trying to eat healthy. Then we waited in line for about 45 min and they had our reservation incorrect with the payment. Uuuur so than we get to the room and there is black stuff all over the toilet and toilet paper in it. So I thought I would take the time to write this review. Time elapsed so far after calling house keeping 45 min. I have to pee!!!!! Oh and there is a lovely throw up stain on the chair ottoman. Seriously feel like I need to take a shower in bleach. This hotel needs to be cleaned. Absolutely unexceptable! But what's the worst I'm missing by cousin wedding dinner at the moment waiting for then to clean the room.
Do NOT book this hotelEVER. Worst Vegas stay!!! Where do I even begin with the crappiest hotel experience?. . We stayed here over Columbus Day weekend for a friend's 30th Bday celebration. We got a king suite with an adjoining two queen room in the Paradise Tower. . . Strike 1: They advertised a pullout couch and there was NO pullout couch. We called for a rollaway which they wanted to charge $20 a night. Excuse me? False advertising and I have to pay for it?! Called three times until finally got the rollaway in the room delivered. . . Strike 2: Asked for Nonsmoking room but the room reeked of smoke which did numbers on my allergies. I know I'm in Vegas, but I don't have to breath that crap while I sleep.. . Strike 3: the shower did not drain and water pooled up to my ankles. Called maintenance to repair and yet again they didn't show. Left for Pool/Brunch 4 hrs later returned with it still clogged. Called second time and finally they fixed it after waiting around 30 min before we could get ready for dinner. . . Strike 4: There is no room in the fridge for your own refreshments and a fridge is again $20 a day.  Seriously for a suite what good is an in room bar without a fridge? For the price of the room it should be available. Guess they don't want you not buying THEIR drinks.. . Strike 5: As a hotel guest we should get free admission to the day pool parties at least on a guest list. Nope still have to pay- seriously? Marquee Day Club offers this to their hotel guests why can't Hard Rock?. . Strike 6: the TV cable was so horrible and kept cutting out couldn't play any music stations from that and there was no Auxillary input to plug in our own music thru the TV speakers. . . When we complained to the reception they only comped us one resort fee wow a whopping $22.50.  . . I have stayed multiple times at the Hard Rock San Diego which is newer and has better rooms.  They have the aux cable, working showers and correctly advertised rooms. . Never ever staying at this Hard Rock hotel!!
UPDATE: After 3 weeks and a filed police report, the hotel has done nothing and will not return any of my calls. The police investigator who took my report suggest I send a picture of my stolen ring to management. However NOT ONE MANAGER from the hotel will answer or return my call. The police officer told me she was appalled by how the hotel was handling this situation. Essentially they have written the incident off. Is this a hotel you trust your belongings in?
Hard Rock is not what it used to be. . . We decided to cancel our flights and take a drive from SoCal so that I could bring a cooler with very specific foods, I am gluten and dairy free.  Upon arrival, we waited for valet for 15 minutes and we were one of two cars there. There was no one around.  Finally Fox greeted us, he was very sweet unlike a lot of the other staff. However, he mentioned that they have a new "no cooler" policy and that we could not bring it into the hotel. Since we drove specifically so that we could bring stuff for my dietary needs, my husband and I were not happy campers. One of the bellhops said that the new rule is stated online when you reserve a room, but since we booked with AAA there was no such warning. We checked in and then waited for security to get the OK to bring in the food. We waited another 25 minutes before security came to talk to us. About 10 minutes into the wait time, I had asked a manager how much longer it would be - his response, "Sit tight." After a 4 hour drive and a pain in the ass check-in, all we wanted to do was go to the pool and have a few libations. Finally, Caesar approved the food we had and sent up a mini fridge to the room so we had to unpack the food into our suitcases and then wheel it up so there was no sign of a cooler in the hotel. Lame. We also had wine in the trunk and decided to put that in our suitcase and then the bellhop who was so unhelpful from the start, again said that we can't be taking that into the hotel, all while other people were bringing in bags of booze and food from CVS. We said we got the OK and ended up taking our stuff to the room on our own, which was very far away from the entrance. We were in the Paradise Tower.  The decor of the room was nice, but our room was so dusty! I have photos to prove it! We had housekeeping come in to dust everything and then they also had the air filter changed(apparently it was filthy), but while doing so they bumped the sensor with the snacks and water on it so we had $210 in charges on our statement.  I disputed it and had it removed but that was just another thing to add to our less than fabulous trip. Thank God I had checked that before checking out. On Sunday, a non-Rehab Sunday, there was still a $50 food/beverage charge if you wanted to sit by the main pool. We had just finished eating at the Culinary Dropout (THIS WAS THE ONLY GOOD PART ABOUT THE HOTEL) so we weren't about to spend another $50 each to sit in a chair. . . All around, we were very disappointed. . . Needless to say, we will not be coming back.
Checked in on a very slow Wednesday night. The employee that checked us in was more than just little rude and was extremely arrogant. She grabbed my AMX and ID out of hands and when I asked her to explain all the charges she acted as if I was "putting her out". She then tossed the credit card and ID on the counter and said in a very rude tone that check out was not later than 11, no exceptions. Now on to the room, the bed was uncomfortable, I found hair in the tub and floor and to top it all off there was a dirty towel left on the hanger on the bathroom door. For all the hotels in Las Vegas it would seem to me that a hotel would want to make sure that customer service and room cleanliness is paramount. I guess this hotel is just about like the food you get at Hard Rock, PURE CRAP!!!!
This place is a dump. You should definitely not stay here. I stayed in a room that had a Jacuzzi hot tub, and I asked the manager to have someone sent up to clean it and to make sure there was no bacteria or anything in it, and they did not know how to clean the inside of the Jacuzzi.  Two different cleaning crews, one maintenance guy, and the head of house came to clean and never put any chemical like bleach into the water filled up the tub and ran the system. All they did was wipe down the outside of the tub. . . Gross. . All the bacteria, All the stagnant water, remained in the system the entire time. I had to actually go to Walgreens and purchase bleach in order to clean their system.  . . The worst part was that the manager didn't even really care. I would be surprised if they could pass the health inspection from the health department based on just a simple thing. Mean really, I can't be the only person ever that's them to clean the Jacuzzi. They didn't even know how!  . . Never again, and you should not either
Never staying at this hotel ever again. Utterly dissatisfied with the place as well as the people who work here. 1 star for the comfy bed.
Soley writing on the bar. We were in town and thought we would stop in to check it out. It was my first time in Vegas so I wanted to see the different places and see where to come back to. Sat down at the bar, several empty seats at the bar and at the tables behind us. Two bartenders working our end of the bar. One walked away to the other end, the other female bartender looked right at us walked away. Then when guys walked up on my right side and my dates left side she helped both of them while still not saying a word to us. Waited another five minutes while she helped others that walked up without bothering to acknowledge our presence. We got up and walked across the street the Firkin on Paradise and had a great night!
After waiting in a long line for 15 minutes, we reached the front of the line, only to have someone cut in front of us to ask the desk lady if their friend had checked in. The woman at the desk immediately began helping the guy, without acknowledging us in any way. No "actually sir these people are ahead of you" or "the line begins over there, etc. After another 5 minutes we finally had to step in and ask if we could be helped, seeing as we had just, you know, waited patiently in line. The guy walked off and the woman at the desk grudgingly began "helping" us, which roughly translated into barely looking at usand seeming totally indifferent to our presence. No "sorry about the wait or for just letting some dude step in front you" or anything nice like that. . . The desk lady checked us in, in the slowest, least interested way possible, occasionally making eye contact, which was awfully kind of her. On the plus side, she didn't just start randomly helping someone else while she was checking us in, which saved some time. And she didn't rigorously try to upswell us to a bigger room, as I heard the guy next to us doing to the couple he was helping. . . As I write this, there are currently 8 people in line waiting to check in, with 2 people on duty to do the checking in. That kinda tells me how much this joint cares about their customers. They'd like us to wait 40 minutes to be helped by someone who seems annoyed to see us and that's if we can make it to her without her helping someone else before we can walk the 3 feet to the desk. . . We haven't even been able to get into a room yet, so I have no idea how this place is, accommodations wise. But the check in was so unpleasant that it inspired me to write this review, to warn others to be prepared for frustration upon arriving. The many many other negative reviews tell me that we can likely expect more of the same from the rest of the hotel, but at the moment I can confirm that checking in here is an arduous and highly unsatisfying experience. When you show up someplace and they seem unhappy and annoyed to see you- it's rarely a sign of good things to come.
I stayed at The HRH tower in July and revived horrible service. I checked in on a Friday at 3:00pm when checking in I was told that there were no non-smoking rooms available until Saturday morning. I was told to call the front desk Saturday morning, when I did I was told that I should have asked for a different room when I checked in. I advised the person on the phone that I did try to get another room but was told nothing was available she than said the only option for me was to have housekeeping come and spray air freshener. Before housekeeping came we noticed period stains on the bed sheets. I than called and was told a manager would come. No manager came. Housekeeping informed me that the hotel wasn't sold out. Bottom line this place was horrible!!!! It actually only got worst from there...
Horrible customer service. After a long flight the last think you want to do is stand in two rows and a half of a line to check into this place. With all the competition they have an all the other hotels you would think they can come up with a better process. Checking in, the workers at the check in desk were not even friendly. Glad I am only staying one night here. Needless to say, I will not be retuning.
I wish it were possible to give zero stars! Got here this morning at 1130 and tried to check in... Was told my room wasn't ready... Tried to upgrade, still no available rooms... Which is fine. I was then asked for my phone # so that they can call when it is ready, but if I haven't heard anything by 1:30 to come back & try again. So I waited until 1:30 and came back. They then gave me a room on the third floor... Went up to my room only to find that it smelled like someone had puked everywhere and they tried to spray air freshener to try and cover it up... Went back downstairs for them to tell me that I now need to come back between 3 & 4 and that they will give me a room on the 18th or above floor... So I came back at 3:30 to a long line of people also trying to check in... Once I finally am able to get a room, they tell me that there are no rooms available and to come back between 4 & 5... By this time, I'm done coming back... And magically a room is available on the 8th floor... Well when I get up to my room, it still smells like puke, just not as bad as the last room. I'm just going to have to suffer with the smell, but this is ridiculous! I will NEVER stay here again!!!! Better off staying on the strip!
What a difference a couple years makes. I hate this place now. . . You walk in and the first thing you see are signs telling you that you can't bring outside food or beverages. It's a hotel, not a restaurant and I'm not paying $8 for your bottled water (tap water is undrinkable here it tasted like pool water). These signs are EVERYWHERE and very unfriendly.. . They've adopted the "resort fee" scam. I'm not even going to waste time ranting about that outrage, it's not as if they don't know how furious these make customers. Resort fees should be illegal, they're just an excuse to LIE about the rates. . . Apparently the rooms are all smoke free now...so the hallways are now where everybody smokes. Disgusting for non-smokers. . . The TV is garbage. Half the channels aren't even in HD and the set frequently freezes up just from trying to change the channel. . . Our room had a fantastic view of the parking garage...for the same price as a room with a REAL view. . . Thin, scratchy towels with rips and tears. A mini bar that charges you INSTANTLY if you accidentally touch something without even picking it up, forcing you to argue about it. And the food items on the mini bar are past expiration date! Lousy climate control. Dirt EVERYWHERE. Broken lights. Toothpaste crust in the sink. Terrible WIFI. This place is awful.  . . I have no intention of returning.
The worst hotel I have ever stayed in the States! Avoid this hotel if possible. They have all kinds of hidden fee and charge. Extremely disappointed and unsatisfied!! If I can I will rate it as -5.
so terrible. They charged customers for resort fee after we prepay at priceline without any notice in advance
