Horrible food and gruff, awful service!. With all the fabulous, high end dining in Vegas this one sorely disappoints!. Stay away from the Vegas outpost and stick with NYC's Olives which is still quite good.
One of the biggest disappointments of my 40th birthday weekend in Vegas.  Yes, the patio and fountain show are great and fun.  But it's soo expensive to have mediocre food and terrible service.  Not only was the wait staff terrible, but the hostess was annoying and full of herself.  Hey, I didn't make her become a hostess!?  Wouldn't recommend and I'm shocked to read the positive reviews!
I hardly write 1 starrrrers but I'm writing merely for the food on this one and not the terrace view.  Saturday night, last minute decision to head down stairs and go to olives.  Sat us right away - GREAT!   Server was nice - Great!   The quintessential Olives and awesome bread - Great! . .  Wine list, okay I understand mark up for most restaurants to be in the 4-5x range what you'd normally pay at your local wino store but how dare you Todd English try to gouge me 8x for a Mondavi Private Reserve 2008 for $163.  I don't care if I'm eating inside a fake replica of beautiful lake country in Northern Italy - absurd.   . . Food: . Squid and Octopus - half cold, half warm, thinking it was a mistake sent back and thrown up on the warmer and 5 minutes it was sent out to us. . . Short Ribs - bland as H E double hockey sticks, another semi-warm dish that really lacked flavor. . . Ribeye au Gratin - sucked, so much Gratin gotten, that the ribeye underneath was drowning.   . . Having been to the Charlestown location, I'm quite disturbed by how bad the Vegas version is.  I think I paid probably 40% more in Vegas for 80% worse food and 60% less wine.  WT F bomb Olives?  $200 bones for that?  Will never go back
This place is a disaster!  The prices do not reflect the poor quality of the food.  I ordered the rib eye steak and it was ultra thin, gritty, and overcooked and it was topped with a sauce that did not complement the rest of the meal.  The steak was no better than what you would receive at Denny's at 2 AM in the morning.  This place is way over priced and the food flat out sucks.  Todd English needs to re-evaluate the direction of Olives.  I felt this way the first time around and I didn't say anything, but after my second visit to the restaurant I couldn't let my disappointment in the cuisine slide.  The public needs to know that this restaurant is a rip off.   If you want good food go to BOAS or the Stratosphere.
I had high hopes for Olives, which were dashed by extremely poor food, horrible service, noise, and high prices.  My fiance and I were promptly seated at our tiny table, even though we were early for our reservation.  The lovely restaurant is dark and candlelit at night. When we arrived, the noise level was manageable, but when we left our ears were ringing.  .  . Our server, Ralph, came to our table promptly to take our drink order.  Ralph was brusque; at no point did I feel welcome.  My Bellini arrived shortly thereafter but was devoid of peach flavor.  Our tuna tartare appetizer looked lovely: the tuna sat atop a a spun cucumber salad (spun?) that was wrapped with strips of cucumber.  Alas, there was no flavor to the dish, possibly due to the absence of the sesame dressing and the whitefish caviar.  The only thing we devoured were the crispy rock shrimp.   We left much of the appetizer on the plate. . . Then we waited...and waited...and waited.  We snacked on the bread basket that arrived with two olive tapenades and a small dish of olives.  About 25 minutes after our appetizer dishes had been cleared, Ralph returned to ask if I wanted another cocktail - my glass had been empty for some time.  He assured me our entrees would be out shortly.  Five minutes later they appeared, their temperature indicating that they had been sitting under the heat lamp for a while.  The base of my "Duck Two Ways" was pasta, which I could not even see because sauce ran from rim to rim.  Carrot curls (tasteless) and apricot chutney (apricot? really? all I tasted was onion) were piled on top of my duck breast, which was seared on the outside but completely raw, difficult to cut, and impossible to chew.  The entire breast, save one bite, remained on my plate uneaten.  The breast sat on what was described as rilletes made from duck confit.  This was tasty and made a nice accompaniment for the pasta that was buried under all the bland sauce, which occasionally tasted of rosemary.  My fiance had ordered "Roasted Maine Lobster Carbonara."  The overcooked and rubbery lobster was another disappointment.  The pasta had congealed into a solid mass that could be picked up with your fork.  We contemplated sending it all back, but since we had waited more than thirty minutes for it, we went ahead and ate.. . When my fiance complained about the dishes, the manager came over to make sure we would "not leave hungry."  While I would not have left hungry (I had eaten some of both the appetizer and the entree, and very good bread with olive tapenade), I really don't believe that is the point.  When you pay well over $100 for a dinner, you expect a good meal and a certain level of service.  Olives offered us neither.  My advice is to spend your money elsewhere - Olives is not worth it.
With all the great restaurants in Vegas why anyone would go here is beyond me.. The prices were high (I do not mind paying for quality food)  and the food was mediocore.  I am being generous with those comments.  Service was average. Find another place to go.
If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Food was not as described in the menu, one $30 plate was room temperature and all of the meat was fat. Also Ihad to get up and get my water refilled at the bar.
What a disappointment...they ruined my daughter's 16th birthday:. . We had a 5:30 reservation made 2 months in advance that was confirmed 2 weeks prior. Both times it was made known that it was my daughter's sweet 16 birthday and that we would like a patio table and that we had tickets to "O" at 7:30. We were assured there would be no problems..... . We showed at 5:10 and needless to say, we ate a small table inside barely big enough to hold 3 dinner plates (and there were 4 of us) that had no view of the fountains. When I inquired about the view table I was rudely told that they do not "guarantee" such things even for special occasions...this was the ONLY reason we wanted to eat here.. . Our service was so bad that  we had to ask for our dinner plates to be removed 20 minutes after we had all stopped eating. Tables around us were receiving slightly quicker and more attentive service. We were only offered refills on our drinks after finishing our meal despite being there an hour and a half. At the hour and half mark (we only had entrees as we never would have had time for dessert) my wife and daughters left the restaurant and I asked for thebill. Only THEN did our waiter acknowledge that we were celebrating a birthday (this was the first time anyone on staff did and since we did not tell him it must have been noted on the reservations from our previous contacts). He stated he had something special for her and that he'd box it up...this took 10 more minutes. When my daughter opened the dessert it turned out to be 3 sorry little truffles and a beat up strawberry...wow how special was that.. . The food itself was mediocre and definitely not worth the cost. Our bill was $250 for 4 entrees, 2 cocktails, 1 beer, 1 soda. Meal time was 1.5 agonizingly slow hours. We would have liked dessert but had no time due to needing to get to our show.. . I put myself through school waiting tables and have worked at some very nice resorts. This restaurant dropped the ball in everyway with no apologies.
I've eaten at a lot of fine dining establishments during my time living in Vegas, and Olives is by far the worst, and one of only two restaurants that I refuse to go back to (the other being Prime, located just up the mall from Olives).  . . Where to begin? First, our party of three arrived for our 8:00pm reservation a few minutes early, and had to wait until about 8:30pm before we were seated -- strike 1.  We ventured to the bar to wait, where I decied I'd try one of their speciality cocktails they were offering for the night - except not, because they were out -- strike 2.  When we were finally seated, we were crammed into a crowded, loud, dark corner where we could barely move -- strike 3. . . To expand, the atmosphere and ambiance of Olives is awful.  They have crammed way too many tables into their already cramped dining room, for no other reason than because they can, I would suppose.  The wait staff is constantly bumping into the backs of chairs and are forced to reach in front of you to accomplish even the simplest tasks.  A side effect of the crowded dining room is the noise.  Even at a small table, you can forget about conversation unless you feel like losing your voice from shouting by the end of your meal (I'm exaggerating, but this place is WAY too loud for a high-end restaurant).  The lighting is ineffective, and the tables are so dark that you can barely see what you're eating - this is not necessarily a bad thing, because the food was so overly complex, that it failed on just about every level.  Yet another restaurent that fails because of what I like to call 'Top Chef Syndrome' - leave the campy molecular gastronomy, overly complex sauces, and useless garnishes to the few professionals that do it well, and get back to the basics of just cooking your food well.. . Everything (with the exception of the osso buco, which was the only highlight of the meal) was just not up to par with a restaurant of this reputation and price.  Our meal for three was close to $600 - apparently we gambled, and lost, on this one.  I wouldn't go back here even if someone else was paying.
HORRIBLE experience in every way possible!  Olives has always been our go to place every time we go to Vegas which is about 4 times a year!  This time it was my birthday week and I wanted to show off Olives to my family.  We arrived at 12:05 and were seated inside.  Waiter finally came over and took our drink orders.  The bread and olive tapenade were slow to arrives as well.  Our food orders were taken and we waited, we waited, we waited...the order was taken at 12:20!!!  As I was waiting I needed more water...the bussers (4 of them) were gathered around the wait station having face to face conversations with each other completely ignoring not only me but, the rest of the customers.  My husband had to get up go over tap one on the shoulder to finally get water refills.  Our food was served and all of the dishes were cold.  Three flat breads cold, chicken/beef skewers cold, my trout cold with limp gooey french fries (not fresh cut ones either).  We had to get up and find the waiter and told him our food was cold. Of course he acted so surprised.  He took my trout and the skewers and 15 mins later returned with the food.  The kitchen had recooked a trout and PUT IT ON TOP OF THE COLD FRIES FROM BEFORE!  Also, did the same thing with the skewers...so bad that the first skewer he had taken a bite off of was STILL ON THE PLATE!  Once again had to wave down the waiter. and showed him.  He came back and said that the busser told him he had thrown out the first order and that my husband was wrong.  CALLED HIM A LIAR basically!  I was so pissed at this point.  The waiter said he was getting us chocolates to make up for it.  We waited another 30 friggen' minutes for these damn chocolates and we finally got up and went to the bar to get our check.  We saw the waiter go to the manager, some woman, and talk to her.  We figured he was telling her a big made up story about how we were wrong or something.  I went to her and told her what had happened and I was furious at this point.  She showed no emotion, gave no explanation but, took her sweet ass time to ring up the check! I told her that we shouldn't have even been charged for the drinks or anything it was such a horrible experience.  She just gave me a dead pan look and said nothing.   We get back to the room with these chocolates and it was 4 balls the size of marbles with a strawberry cut in half!!!!  I can not believe how bad the service, food and attitude has deteriotated at OLIVES!  I was embarrassed in front of my family after having talked this place up and to have this horrible experience and being treated so horrible at the same time!  I will never go back to Olives and will be sure to tell everyone I know to never go there!!! IT sucks!  The one star is only because it's in the BELLAGIO which we love.
We were very excited totry his Vegas place.. Boy what a big let down!. . Did not get anything that was impressive what so ever! Not going there again! Over!
My boyfriends brother got married in Las Vegas and i was so excited to go to Olive's  for dinner after the ceremony.  I had been there for lunch before and had a nice time.  There were 14 of us this time.  My boyfriend called the restaurant to make a reservation about 6 weeks ago and they recommended we sit at the 'farm table' since it was one long table that would fit our group.  He called to confirm the reservation and they again talked up how great it was that we were going to be at the farm table.. . This farm table was in theory a nice idea, but it was in a semi-private room behind the kitchen.  It was the middle of July and I'm pretty sure it was cooler outside than at our table.  When we asked the manager about making it cooler, they said they knew the table was hot and they had been working with the hotel to make it colder.  If they knew the table was typically hot then why would you recommend a group sit there for a wedding dinner?. . This was supposed to be one of the only days where the newly married couple shouldn't have had to worry about anything and instead of enjoying dinner with his new bride, the groom was up several times to talk to management about the heat.. .   On top of it being so hot and some people from the party having to leave because their side of the table was so unbearable, the service was absolutely awful.  Our server was not nice and did not even review the specials until someone asked if there were any.  He rushed us through ordering and when we ordered champagne he did not congratulate the bride and groom, he just asked who needed glasses for the bottle.. . I had one bite of a salad because it was so hot and then spent the rest of the time going in and out of the restaurant.  The bite of the salad I had was fine, but the lettuce was a little wilted, maybe because it was so hot at our table.  . . I'm really not one to complain these days, but this was by far one of the worst dining experience I have ever had.
Very disappointing.  More of a turn the tables fast food feel. . . Four of us for dinner, two good dinners, two fails.  . . Sommelier - Fail. Popped in gave a recommendation so fast and was gone. No wine order placed???  I ordered wine from the waiter, Sommelier came back once he saw what I ordered, to serve it.  Price on the wine list wasn't what was charged to the bill.  . . A far cry from our first vist years ago.  Was much better then.. . Overall bad experience. Had way better food and service at other restaurants in the area.  A waste of $500.00 and an 1 1/2 hours. Over rated!!!. . Try finding this place on Yelp - Todd??? They would probably have more poor reviews if the average consumer could find them on Yelp.
My girlfriend and I made reservations to go here 3 days in advance and planned our evening around our dinner.  Just by chance I called the restaurant to see if we could arrive a half-hour earlier.  Much to my amazement and disappointment, the hostess informed me that something happened in the kitchen earlier that day and they were closed for the rest of the night.  I would think that for paying top dollar at an upscale restaurant, the least they could do is inform you of this prior to your arrival...clearly that was not the case and, in my opinion, unacceptable for a restaurant of their prestige.  Needless to say this disrupted one of our nights on vacation.  Very disappointed, would not attempt another visit.
Went here a while back for dinner.  Without exception that staff was rude and condescending.  From the hostess to the waitress and water boy, all acted like they were doing us a favor, I don't think one of them ever smiled.  . We had the free range chicken which came on the plate swimming is some thin broth.  Looked and tasted exactly like boiled chicken, bleck!  Also ordered ravioli, got three ravioli in a thin watery light red sauce, bland, tasteless.  Will NEVER be back.
If 0 stars was an option, that's what this restaurant would get.  If you want to watch a hot head owner treat his employees like crap, this is the place. If you want good food...go else where.  Ridiculous atmosphere. I don't give my money to assholes who act like clows.
Do not eat here.  Food is terrible for the price, they do not honor reservations like "normal" restaurants, drinks are over priced.. . We espected to may $75-$100 per person, but we also expected amazing food.  This was not the case.  . . Forget about outdoor dining, if want this, plan to wait 2 hours even if you have reservations.  . . Like I said, forget about this place.
Mr. English - After  reading the mix reviews onYelp I picked your establishment. You took my $$$ and in return you gave me 1. Poor service 2. Food that was (1-2) star level and 3.  a feeling my time is of no value to your business. I see a business model of why care about the customer they are tourist they will not return and new ones line up my  reputation will carry me through this moment is a bad one. If you want to see the fountain at the casino and a nice dinner consider the view from the casinos near by. Eating here is the equivant of being seated at a Craps table. You will have better odds at the other casinos near by.
I find that Yelp is great for 2 things: finding out about great restaurants that you should try and avoiding terrible restaurants you should avoid at all costs.  This is clearly a case of the latter.  How this place has 4 stars is utterly beyond me.  This is the only place I have ever been I would literally give a 0 star if I could.  Being originally from the northeast, I truly love and appreciate Italian food.  What a disappointment.  While the food was not very good, the service takes this place down to an F-.  This was without a doubt the worst dining experience I have ever had in my entire life.  The majority of the people we interacted with were incredibly rude, to the point where you are just sitting trying to enjoy a nice dinner (an excessively expensive one at that), and you start to feel defensive.  How canyou possibly enjoy a dinner in that kind of atmosphere?   On top of that, everything took so long to get right by the time we got our food it was close to closing time.  This lead us to be the last table in the restaurant, trying to finish up while they were closing.  Before we had even finished everything, the manager kindly told us they are a union shop and have strict rules, and we were getting kicked out.  Yes really.  There are so many great restaurants, do yourself a favor and go literally anywhere else!
The Worst. We made a reservation there more than a month ago for our wedding anniversary trip to LV. We arrived at the appointed time and were asked to wait in line for check in. After 15 minutes, we got to the front of the line and were told 'We are running 90 minutes behind schedule.' Excuse me? How does a restaurant run 90 minutes behind schedule at 8:30 at night. You have to be the worst run restaurant around for that to happen. And whose idea was it to ask us to wait in a line for 15 minutes when someone could have told us straight away about the delay. The staff's only response was to say we could come back in an hour to see how things looked.. . What's the point of the reservation, Olives??? In the words of Jerry Seinfeld, you know how to TAKE the reservation, you just don't know how to HOLD the reservation.. . We'll never go back to a Todd English restaurant anywhere. That was absolutely pathetic treatment of a customer.
I really don't get all the great reviews this place had received.... . 1) Good luck getting in if you don't have a reservation.. . 2) Greek salad was good, pretty hard to ruin a Greek salad.. . 3) Gnocchi with shredded chicken - not good at all, was more like a soup, too much liquid. gnocchi were pasty.... . 4) Roasted Free Range Chicken - not good at all. Dry, flavorless, chicken, potato cake that it was served on was mushy, garlic green beans were too salty.. . Real disappointment for what is touted to be a mid / high end Las Vegas restaurant.. . Better off going elsewhere.
We went to Olive's last night for dinner and hands down it was one of the worst meals that I have ever had in my life.  I ordered the Halibut (which I requested to be cooked well done). My green beans were limp and over cooked.  The "potato cake" that was to be served with it was luke warm and had pieces that were so hard and burned you could choke on it.  The food was totally disgusting!!!  The only good thing that they served us was the bread and bottled water.  You could obviously tell that they had microwaved our meal as it came out within 5 minutes of ordering.  I am so mad that we spent over $100 on that nonsense for two people.  Absolutely ridiculous.  The only reason this place gets a one-star is because of the Fountain show which of course as you know I could have watched from the side walk.  Ugh, never to return to this place ever!!!!!
I wasn't very hungry so had the beef carpaccio. My god what a mess!  Unfortunately the chef has taken a classic, simple, delicious Italian staple and tried to turn it into a Vegas extravaganza but got 'un disastro' by covering great quality beef with a slime of sauces.  Underneath this Pollockesque creation lies a few greens on a cube of fried polenta. Oh it pretends to be Italian so lets chuck a bit of polenta in somewhere.
Hands down the worst meal I've had in forever. Shockingly bland. Ridiculously expensive. Todd English should be embarrassed to have his name on what is essentially high priced nursing home food. . . The focaccia was day old, the Caesar salad begged for seasoning. Instead it came with soggy croutons (really?!!) and underripe tomatoes (who puts tomatoes on their Caesar?!!). . . Their "signature" dish, the sea bass, was pretty to look at but I question its authenticity. And, again, style over substance defined this tasteless dish. . . If you want to watch the fountains, go for a drink which are excellent. Or try Mon Ami Gabi. If they haven't messed with the Chicago menu you're guaranteed a delicious meal. . . But unless your doctor has put you on a bland diet, run, don't walk away from Olive.
We went here to celebrate our 40th wedding anniversary primarily on the reputation of the owner - Todd English. Poor choice. Seated in the bar although we requested outdoor seating. Had bar patrons standing over us while dining. Management no where to be found. Server was attentive but spacing between courses was poor. Left to have dessert elsewhere due to length of time to be served and the crowded bar environment.
My poor experience at this restaurant started before we even arrived. I called ahead to let them know we had a reservation for 7 people and were coming to celebrate a special event. The woman on the phone (named Nicole) was rude and dismissive. She responded to me with ok?..... as if she was unsure what she was supposed to do with the information. Her rude and condescending tone was frustrating. It should have been an indicator of what the restaurant experience would involve.. . The waitstaff was mediocre. Doing the bare minimum and never with a pleasant demeanor. The food was average to good, but over priced for the quality. They do have an extensive wine list from which to chose. . . I wouldn't recommend this restaurant to anyone. There are so many other restaurants in Vegas that are delicious and provide exemplary service. Don't waste your time or money here. You can definitely do better.
My boyfriend and I stumbled across this place after seeing the generally positive Yelp reviews. Unfortunately we did not have a reservation, so we decided to ask the hostess when was the best time to walk-in. The hostess was extremely rude and unhelpful; completely turned me off. Basically kept repeating "uh, you NEED a reservation or else you won't get in". Okay lady, thanks? . . Way to make your "guests" feel unwelcome. Unacceptable.
I was looking forward to eating at Olives.  It always looked so busy, and it has a prime location.  But other than very nice ambiance and a decent Caesar salad, that's essentially all the positive things I can possibly say about Olives.. . I ordered the rib eye medium rare, it arrived medium rare and had no flavor whatsoever.  My friend ordered the NY steak medium, it arrived almost well-done and had no flavor.  . . The sides we ordered -- mac n cheese and mushroom risotto -- arrived almost 10 minutes after the entrees arrived.  In fact, they arrived after we returned the entrees!  But that was just the start.  The mushroom risotto isn't a mushroom risotto.  It's actually a mushroom porridge.  The consistency was all wrong.  And it looked disgusting.  But it had great flavor.  The mac n cheese arrived as 2 triangles.  It was more a mac n cheese cake.  I've had friend mac n cheese at other places before, but this was odd.  And even with the truffles, the flavor just didn't do it any favors.. . The 2nd entrees arrived -- the NY Steak was still almost well done.  THe ribeye was better flavored on one side  and simply over salty on the other side of the steak, so salty that I just decided to skip the other half of the steak.. . We were incredibly frustrated with the dinner, at this point, but curiosity got the better of me.  Just how badly could this restaurant make dessert??  We ordered the S'mores panna cotta.  It was a pretty good dessert, but it was nothing to really write home about.. . I had kicked around the idea of the chocolate souffle, but I would have been tempting fate.  A *real* restaurant would have suggested if we were interested in the chocolate souffle, that we should put the order in prior to ordering the meal.. . That being said, the staff was friendly.  The manager did check in on us after the 2nd entree arrive, and after discovering that one of the entrees was still not done properly, we were comped the price of that entree.. . . For almost $300, including the price of a bottle of Duckhorn, there are far better restaurants in Las Vegas -- even some with great views too.. . Don't bother with this place  Besides, Bellagio is shutting Olives down in 2014.  And it can't come soon enough. . . Anyone with a half decent palate shouldn't bother with this place.
Olives was recommended to me by a fellow passenger on a recent business trip. I was so excited to take my husband there during our recent trip to Vegas. It was a perfect day, as we arrived right at opening time. Upon approaching to get seated, the hostess just stood there staring at us, and never properly greeted us. It was so awkward that I had to speak up and say, "We'd like a table for two, preferably on the balcony". She never once said a word to us. We should've left then and there, but I was starving. From the point at which we were seated by another hostess, things improved. The fountain show and coordinated music were awesome. I ordered the pasta dish with sweet Italian sausage, while hubby ordered the Salmon. I definitely enjoyed my meal more than hubby. . . But I must say, we will never return and I wouldn't recommend Olives to a friend because of the rude hostess. As they say, first impressions are lasting. And there are way too many other restaurants where we can spend our hard-earned money!. . And for the record, the hostess was an old White woman (55-65 yrs old). We just so happen to be an African-American couple in our 30's, who make a combined income of about $300,000. We were both dressed professionally and well-groomed-as always. Yet, a White couple in their 30's walked up behind us, dressed in jeans, t-shirts, and a baseball cap--looking ever so bummy! The hostess lit up for them, saying, "Welcome to Olives. Thank you for dining with us today. Would you prefer indoor or outdoor dining?". Go figure! Not necessarily saying that race was a factor, but just saying..... . I hope that Olives' management reads these reviews to see how the selection of your staff affects your business. I've already shared our experience with a few friends and family members (both Black and White). You may want to retrain your staff on proper Customer Service skills towards all customers.
AVOID THIS TOURIST TRAP: high prices, poor service, mediocre food, boring menu.  Save your money for the slot machines (and not at the Bellagio).. . On our way to Olive's, we asked some Bellagio workers for directions.  One pointed us in the right direction.  But, as we walked away, his coworker made an insulting wisecrack (unbelievably rude).. . The hostesses at Olives were friendly and helpful. The waiter, on the other hand, was simply indifferent. He offered helpful information only when directly questioned. At these prices, I expect more - professionalism. at the very least.  What we got was some burned-out character, who only came alive when offering us desserts (and then, only half-heartedly.). . At fine restaurants, I look for creativity in the menu, especially the appetizers. The menu completely lacked creativity - no interesting appetizers, no interesting entrees, not even an interesting soup.  (Potato soup, really? Is this Luby's?)   The central theme in the menu appeared to be food that can be cranked out relatively quickly in mass quantities (so they can hurry the customer out the door).. . We were disappointed with the entrees.  The steak - terrible.  The short ribs - poor.  The chicken - mediocre.  The branzini (fish) - okay (nothing to write home about).  Again, at these prices, you expect fine cuisine.  Instead, you get overpriced mediocre food.  . . We all declined dessert.  Nobody at the table seemed willing to throw good money after bad.  Nor should you.. . As we left, other unlucky tourists stood outside, waiting to be seated.  I wanted to warn them to stay away (but didn't want to make a scene).  So, I'm warning you: stay away from Olives.
Terrible. Soggy, tasteless pasta. Dry lamb. Service excellent, the Bellagio fountains in the background; wonderful, but the food was so bad I'd never go back. Can't think of another $100+ meal being worse.
