While shopping around numerous places, The Signature was the only 1 that claimed they were able to house all 8 of us within our budget Reservations told me, they have a Suite that had 2 bedrooms & large living room: room #1 had 2 queen bed & 1 pull out bed, room #2 has 1 king size bed & 1 pull out bed & large living room area between the 2 room It also came with a full kitchen & an extra bathroom in the living room They also told me to go to their website to look at the photo video, which I did & it looked nice It was for $1150 for 3 day & 2 night I called back later on, just to double check what I was told & reservation confirmed it with me that I took down everything correct. . After discussing with my friends, we came to conclusion that, that was what we wanted Again, I called reservations again & theytold me the same thing This time, they even offered me a 10% discount for having AAA. Even better!. . So its finally Friday, we were early, so we left our luggage with the bell hop. He was very nice, helped us right away and store our luggage away We returned back around 3 pm to check in, the process was nice & quick Excited I headed towards the suite, open the door, only to find, that it WASN'T what was on the photos & as described. It only has 2 bedrooms 2 separate living rooms each bedroom had only 1 bed & 1 pull out couch. . A bit puzzled, I ran down stairs to ask the front desk for help, I went back to the same person who checked me in And this time, he was a bit rude to me, he said that was what I booked & what I wanted, there isn't anything he can do for me & sent me away. . I went back to the hotel room, just a bit upset. I told my friends, they were just all a bit upset as well But as I sat there, just replaying what I was told by reservation, again & again, it didn't make sense to me I decided to call front desk again, demanded for someone to fix matters for me. . Now is when it goes super downhill, they pretty much transferred me around, I believe among each other so I would give up But I didn't!! They made me explain my situation again, again & again Non-stop One of them told me that if I was not happy with the room, I can cancel it, but I will be charged the cancellation fee Another told me that they don't offer roll out beds, but they will have to charge me for the extra people I have in my room That I originally ask about, that they said was fine to have 8 people in one suite. This other one told me they can give me $100 food & beverage credit Another told me to just book another room with them, & just that night itself it was going to be $350+. . FINALLY! They send me to their Front Desk Manager her name is Valarie, she had me explain my whole situation to her again No surprised there She tells me, she is sorry, & asked what she can do. I ask her what she can do for me. She said if I want, I can just leave, & she will cancel my stay. She will also do me a favor by waiving my cancellation fee. That's the only solution she offered me... Really?!. . Seriously, that was the last straw for me. I just lost it, I told her I was going to stay, I don't have time to go looking for another hotel in the middle of the day. I even booked a bungalow at the pool area. I know, at this point I was possibly the worst customer to deal with But giving me the run around doesn't give them the excuse to push me out I am sorry, but they did this to me, they bought the angry me to themselves I don't want to have to break the bad news to my friends by telling them to sleep on the floor or have them pay more to stay in a different room . . Along the line of discussing with her, she told me that my stay was going to be free. That totally caught me off guard, I wasn't expecting that at all, whatsoever. A bit confused I asked again so my stay here will be free? Saying this loud enough that friends could hear me And she said YES.  She told me yes, suddenly I was bit relief. After thanking her, we hung up. . I thought to myself wow The Signature is really good at taking care of their customers, sadly it is only when the customer is able to lost it. Then the bf decided to hop onto Yelp & saw that most of their complaints was about customer services & the front desk about how they are NOT helpful at all. I felt a bit uneasy, so I gave them a call again. Asked for Valarie directly, I asked her again about this whole ordeal about my stay being free. And you know what?! She said NO, I didn't say that!! OMFG! Right? RIGHT?! I repeated to her again what we talked about. She didn't say anything to me & automatically tossed in another 10% off She also casually mentioned that she will see if she can get our bungalow with $100 food & beverages comp which didn't happen. I didn't know what to say anymore. I was done fighting. . I just settled and folded. The hotel stay was around $758 But I don't know, I didn't leave a happy camper. For sure I will not go back & if anyone ask about where to stay in Vegas I will be sure to let them know where NOT to stay.
WOW.  I've been to Vegas many times and I have never had such worse service in my life.  Vegas is a place of vacation, fun and partying! The service must always be at top notch!. . I have read other comments here before posting this one so I do agree with some people.  The guard gate at the front is a nice tool, the rooms are clean but the tv/technology, not so much.  Valet guys were very professional as well.  Front desk and Mgmt:  Horriffic.. . Well, here we wo go:  We arrived there from LA (thursday) at about 12am.  We checked in and thought everything was going to be smooth sailing.  Not so much.  The girl at the front desk gave us the wrong tower to we had to walk back to the front desk to find our right tower.  long walks after being in a car few a few hours driving to Vegas is not what we were looking forward too!  She apologized and gave us the right direction so then we were back on our way.  We finally get to our room and the room is INCORRECT.  We clearly rsvp'd a 2 bedroom suite and she had given us a 1 bedroom suite.  I quickly called the front desk from the room and they plainly said, "Sorry we are all our of 2 bedroom suites.  So I asked her what she could do for us?  Our reservation clearly said 2 BEDROOMS and they knew it.  She said there was nothing we could do cause they were all booked up and that if we didn't want to stay there we could go somewhere else!  REALLY?  Those are our options?  Who wants to go looking for a new hotel at 1am????  I was trying to see if any of there other hotels under their same parent company (MGM) could help us since they SCREWED us but she said they couldn't.   I was flabbergasted.  I asked for a manager and they said the "managers" were all busy.  And that they would call us back when they had time.  I asked approximately how long it would take because we were all going to go out clubbingsoon, she said, in a very rude voice, "they will call you back when they call you back!"  So we went to the front desk and spoke to one of the managers.  He said they didn't have 2 bedrooms suites in the hotel but only 1 bedroom suites, he said 1 bedroom is the largest they had.   ROFL, I'fve stayed there once before a couple years back and I know they have 2 bedroom suite because I got them before!  I just looked at the guy and told him to enjoy his night working and walked off to the Cab with my friends.. . Needless to say our lodging was terrible at the Signature MGM and their customer service was a joke.  I even asked if she could at least send up a cot because of their fault and she said they would have to charge us $100.  LMFAO.  When we needed more towels the next day, we had to call and "off-site" number which happened to have a busy tone EVERY time we called.. . Then, we were scheduled to stay Thursday to Sunday but they only had us Thurs til Saturday!   WE DIDNT KNOW THIS.  SO Saturday morning comes around, we have been out til 8am, 12pm comes a call from the front desk asking when we would be checking out?  I saidm unless Vegas has really torn me up, I'm pretty sure today is Saturday!  The girl on the phone said we were only booked til Saturday NOT Sunday.  I clearly have a online receipt that sayd we paid and were booked til Sunday.  She said in her computer she had us til Saturday and we needed to vacate the room immediately because someone was downstairs "Waiting for our room".  This was the last straw... I seriously thought I was on some Vegas hidden camera tv show.  Working on 2 hours of sleep I woke up my friends and told them.  SHITSHOW it was.  So we got up, taking showers, when the phone starts ringing off the hook and their Hotel people are knocking loudly on our door.  . . I swear we answered that phone and door at least 5 times telling them we were on our way but needed 30 min to get our stuff together and get out!  Last call we got as we were about 5 min ready to leave, someone from the hotel called and said the Police were on their way.  This is all in a span of about 45 min MAX.  I asked the guy on the phone if he was serious?  And he said he was!  HAHAHAHAHA.  What a joke.  If went from horriffic customer service to now threatening  the customer.  . . So there it is.  Don't stay there, EVER.  To the people I know and read this, it was probably my worst experience staying at a hotel in Vegas.. . However, Tao on Thurs was great, Surrender on Friday was amazing and Marquis on Saturday was phenomenal.  Cheers!. . . Don't ever stay at this hotel.  Someone should be fired if not the whole Mgmt and front desk staff.
Let me start with a clarification - there are three management companies that service the MGM Signature Suites. If you book via the MGM itself, I think you will be fine....but what ever you do, don't book a unit managed by BlueChip Vegas. We arrived late on Nov 8th, dropped our luggage and went out. Returned late and crashed. All night I tossed and turned, annoyed by the rock hardness of the bed and the musty odor in the room. Every time I fell asleep the pain in my hip from the bed would wake me. Finally at dawn I piled pillows on top of the quilt and slept on them. In the morning I tossed back the covers - not only was the side I had been sleeping on a literal hollow - the sheets were STAINED and torn! It looked like someone had been killed in that bed. The carpet was filthy, stained and smelly. The entire room smelled of mold or mildew. . . It was a huge hassle to contact BlueChip Vegas to get relocated into a better room, as the MGM staff was unable to assist us. There is no way to contact BlueChip other than by phone. I am waiting to hear back from them before I file a complaint with AmEX.
I just finished my Thanksgiving stay at the 'MGM Signature' staying from Thursday 11/25 until Monday 11/29.  I booked via 'Jetsetter' and found the not very comfortable and or clean.  Upon entering I found that the glass table top area around the edges which support the glass top about 1 inch was very dirty.  The area contained food particles, hair, hair pins, clothing needles and dust particles. . . Since I booked my stay with a third party I couldn't go through the hotel and had to call another number to take care of this.  Once the cleaning crew came-in all of the particles was on the carpet which was vacuumed, but not very well even two-days later some particles were still there, showing that they didn't vacuum over the next several day.. . I also needed more glasses and again since I booked via 'Jetsetter' it took 24-hours just to accomplish this.  In addition, the bed was very hard and uncomforable.  Coupled with the feather pillows there was no support for my neck or any give in the bed allowing my body to rest.  I also had to ask for more soap since the cleaning crew would only leave me with one bar for two people.. . When I check-in to a hotel I only want a few simple things.  A comfortable, bed, a clean room and a staff which responds to their customers request/needs.. . I won't be back to the 'MGM Signature' and I won't book a room via 'Jetsetter' again.
I wouldn't stay at a hotel that is currently involved in a major lawsuit.  Management employees are dumbshits and they don't respond well to complaints.  I'd also like to add that rooms are not properly built, so beware...  . . I foresee MGM losing this battle.....
BlueChipVegas, the company that apparently also books rooms at the MGM Signature Suites is the biggest underhanded and down right the worst experience you can have when you're in Vegas.  Listen up people, beware beware beware, save your money and dont use them to book your hotel.  . . I personally could care less as too how the partnership works between MGM and this STUPID BlueChipVegas.  When I book a room at the MGM Signature Suites I expect MGM level of service and not a scenario where the name on the outside is MGM but in reality the service is at the Motel 6 level.  . . Just to give you a few examples of this lousy, nerve wrenching experience, here is what happened:. . 1.  We book the place and pay for in full 5 months in advance through Living Social and litterally 3 days before we are suppose to arrive, Chrystal Espinosa calls us to let us know the room is no longer available and that she was going to downgrade us.  Keep in mind the contract was final back in February because we had accepted their offer and paid for in full.  This alone should get any reasonable person furious.. . 2.  We were promised and paid extra for an early check in.  But when we got there, the front dest told us they didn't know of such accomodations.  So, even though the room was available and we had paid for it for an early check in, we still weren't given our room until aroumd 2:30. . 3.  They wanted to charge an extra $45 for normal room service claiming that we were not part of the hotel stay.  What bulls**t, if the place is known as MGM Signature Suites, why the hell am I getting Motel 6 service.. . ......etc.. . Anyway people, I don't want to bore you with more examples.  If I were you I would stay away.  I do hold MGM partially responsible for this outragious experience because they should have a little more pride in their name and not allow some low class partner ruin their customer's experiences.  . . MGM itself has always been great but this Sinature Suites partnership with BlueChip really CHEAPENED the Vegas experience and for that I must give the Signature Suites a 1.  If you want a better rating then show me.  Don't partner up with some low class shady business and expect that they wont drg your name in the mud with their's.
When my group arrived at this hotel (8:00 PM) the front desk agent told me that the room was not ready and that I have to wait 30 minutes so they can clean the room. The hotel check-in policy said "Your rooms are guaranteed to be ready anytime after 3pm" and I do not understand why my room was not ready at 8:00 PM. When I asked for the hospitality manager the front desk agent told me that I can call from my room. As a result of this delay, the night was ruined. My dinner reservation was cancel and other events that was planned for that night was delayed or cancelled.. . Way to screw up our bachelor party weekend. Never again!!!
Rooms are great but the front desk is terrible. Front desk was slow and not organized and charged my credit card for charges that were not mine.  Clearing it up with the was a nightmare.  The valet parking is also a nightmare.  They need to incorporate self parking because they don't have the staff to handle weekend nights.  . . I made a reservation at Fiamma, an MGM restaurant and asked the front desk for their phone number because i wanted to cal the restaurant to let them  know we were running ten minutes late and they didn't have the number and gave me much attitude about. . . Again, rooms are great but the front desk and valet parking make the stay not worth it.
I had high expectations for the "penthouse junior suite" we booked for our anniversary trip... Which is unfortunate because those expectations were squashed, to say the least. And shame on me for booking thru Blue Chip Vegas because they offered a better deal.. I can't emphasize more how much I DO NOT recommend making that same mistake. . . We got to Vegas at 8am. Went to the hotel to see if we were lucky enough to check in early. The front desk rep stated that if we booked thru them, we could check in now, but our room thru blue chip is separate (rooms managed by a separate company on behalf of some rich guy that bought up a bunch of rooms as an investment) and she couldn't help me. Here's a cell phone number you can call -she says. OK... Call that, get VM. Call again, VM. Call again, they say - call back at 1 and we'll see. Ok...I can handle this, nothing to get upset about yet. I call at 1pm...VM. Three calls later, they say we can go check in. Great!! But then we get to the room and granted its a nice room with a beautiful view, as I check out the place I not only find someone's garbage in the silverware drawer, and someone's long black hair on the bathroom floor, but there was also dried pee on the toilet seat! Really? Did anyone bother to clean this place at all? I'm also afraid to walk on the carpet with all the stains on them or sit on the bench because of terrible stains..I'm starting to wonder if I can trust the sheets?! Oh... I don't want to even think about it. And don't bother asking for someone to clean it for you - I had to do it myself because they weren't available after 4pm, all you got was VM when you called. And if you left a VM, don't expect a call back. . . But, all this can't ruin my vacation, right?!  So, I shrug it off and move on to all the fun things that await me in Vegas. Although, that was hard to do once we returned the next day because after being gone for 10+hours sightseeing, we come to find that our door was propped open all day, by the maids, I presume. I felt so uneasy and upset that anyone could've been tracing thru our room at any point of the day. Thank goodness I locked my valuables in the safe before I left - which isn't a habit of mine. We immediately called that number to complain. But I don't have to explain to you where that went.. Nowhere..A VM was left and still no return call for an apology. . . Terrible terrible terrible service, I still can't believe that actually happened.. . Oh - and I wouldn't suggest trying the spa tub unless you want to shower in Purell afterward. After using mine then draining it, it was literally coved in small black hairs, as though someone just shaved their cat in there. So gross it makes my stomach turn every time I think of it.
Great rooms but that's all. First we have been moved to another room the second night ruining our morning. Barbara at the front desk was rude and unhelpful and made us get crazy to solve a problem they caused! They also messed with our players card and we never saw coffee and newspapers included in the suite price! A beautiful setting ruined by the attitude of the employees.. Will never book it again!
Fuck this place. It's nothing special, and after getting attitude from the head of security for calling about a pair of $130 jeans I know I accidentally left in the room, I'm never going back.  I usually just use a service like airbnb, because I'm tired of the lack of accountability hotels quickly cite, and this is exactly why.  I tip housekeeping incredibly well, and do not appreciate that this is the 2nd time in Vegas that I have left and immediately contacted them to let them know i forgot something and because no one turned anything in, I'm assed out. No apology, no customer service to help me with any problem i was having, nothing.  I'm never staying at this place again.
It was terrible. When we first arrived we were not greeted and no one offered to open car doors. We waited in the car until someone finally got their lazy butt over. We then opened our car doors ourselves. Any nice hotel should at least acknowledge our presence. We then gathered our things to enter hotel and still no one offered to open the door even though we had things pouring out of our hands. Walking up to check in no one even glanced up at us, we had to say hello?? The front desk clerk said maybe 10 words to us the whole time. We told him about the door problems and he was like oh, sorry. at the end he ended up giving us a $50 credit to our room for our trouble (but it clearly states on their website that you get that credit regardless when you come.) We get up to our room and its a pretty decent room, we had hoped to be on the strip side (there were barely any guests there) but unfortunately that was not an option. We went down to the bar and ordered some drinks with a guy named Thomas. Hands down he was the only nice staff the entire time. So thanks!!! Next morning, we order breakfast to the room. They got our order wrong. Lame! We took it out right after we were finished and left it outside to be picked up. We came back around 6pm and THE FOOD CART WAS STILL IN FRONT OF OUR ROOM! Disgusting!!! I was livid. We then went to all the other hotels and gambled and at everywhere else because we were so unhappy with our hotel. The next morning they said we needed to check out at 11 am (even though I added on a late check out at time of reservation) I called the desk and asked what happened, She said that "the owners were coming to use the room and we had to leave". WOW really? I have never been treated so terribly. I will NEVER come back here. Save your money.
3/14/2013: I was SO disappointed with this hotel's customer service. Especially since I had read all of the reviews saying they were exceptional in every way. I went for a wedding photography conference held at the MGM conference center and was deciding to stay at the MGM Grand or the Signature. I knew the MGM Grand was waiving the resort fee as part of the group rate but I wasn't sure about the Signature so I called to ask. I was transferred to the group reservations representative who told me that the Signature was in fact waiving our resort fee as well. With this information, I decided to book the Signature instead of the MGM Grand. When I arrived to check-in, they told me that I had to pay the $20/night resort fee and I was shocked that I was misinformed. I was even more shocked when I asked for the manager and had to debate with him for almost 20 minutes because he refused to waive the resort fee despite his employee's mistake. After getting extremely frustrated and disheartened at the way I was being treated, we settled on a food/beverage credit for the amount I had to pay extra. I decided to take it since it was better than nothing but as a business owner I was appalled at their failure to properly rectify their company's mistake. I highly doubt I will ever stay here again and will choose another hotel to stay at for my annual trip to WPPI.. . UPDATE 3/15/2013: I received a phone call from Levi, the hotel operations manager, today who wanted to follow up about this issue. I was pleasantly surprised that he reached out to me even after I returned home! He was courteous, apologetic and eager to improve my experience with their hotel. They refunded the resort fees I paid and ensured me that all persons involved were coached appropriately to avoid this mistake in the future. I really appreciate The Signature taking strides to make this right and I feel so much better now. I'm glad I got the chance to see the exceptional service everyone has been talking about! Thank you!
Don't ever use BlueChipVegas to book your hotel reservations with TheSignature. They give the hotel a bad name, reputation and should not even be affiliated in partnership! . . This is my experience with BlueChipVegas which I had emailed to them looking for a response over a week and half ago ... That never happen :. . When I had contacted your phone reps to schedule my reservation from purchasing a Groupon, I asked if I could also get early check in. The lady, (believe her name is Annabelle) told me that their was a convention and the rooms were booked for late check out. I asked if I could then do the late check out as advertised in my Groupon and she said yes no problem. . . Everything was fine until the night before checkout 4/22 where I contacted your phone people around 8PM because front desk at the signature had no records that I had paid for late check out. I was told by an employee of yours that they would look into it and call me back within the hour. I left her with my name and phone number.. . That didn't happen. I called back at about 10:30 and asked what the status was on my request. This time a different employee now advises that your business is closed and will not be able to put requests through until the following day at 8am. I was very upset at this point that the other girl had not informed me of this instead of giving me reassurance that it would get settled that night. Again, I left my name and phone number with this lady. . . Come 4/23 I woke up after little sleep at 8:30 am I call and get Crystal over the phone. I again ask her about my request and she tells me that she is sorry but your still not open?!?!? . . She was very unsympathetic and unhelpful to say the least. I asked for a manager at this point. All she could do was take my name and number like the other 2 previous ladies but this time would have you contact me. . . My friend who had come with me on this vacation also got in contact with Crystal shortly after i had gotten off the phone. Crystal was short with her too. Then she claims that we checked in around 1pm on 4/21 in our hotel and so were not eligible for late check out. She lied about this and had she verified this in your system or with the signature, you would see that I had contacted you guys to verify if I could park at the signature and venture off around 1pm that day since I arrived in Vegas early. I did not check in at the signature until 5 pm because a man from your company told me that I would either have to take my luggage with me to park or leave it with front desk- none of these I wanted to do.. . She then rudely stated that nothing can be done because their is a convention going on... Excuse me but how is that my problem? Very poor excuse and customer service if you ask me.  After several times of asking to provide us with our late check out Crystal then tells my friend that we have till noon and would send the request to front desk. Wow, an hour more.... Thanks but not really because in the end when I contacted the hotel at 10:30am they still didn't have the request from you guys. . . Finally to top off the entire experience with BlueChip Vegas, Annabelle calls me and states she is returning my message. She was 3 messages and two days to late by the time she left me a message on 4/24... . This was horrible customer service and very disappointing. I would never recommend your services to anyone. Also, you should see that Crystal verifies her sources before lying to customers about what they did and didn't do. I really didn't appreciate her attitude.. . I hope to hear from you as to why this happened and why a simple check out was to difficult to make happen.
The amenities and valet parking are nice and this could have been a 5 star experience but it was not.. . Entered my suite and it wasn't properly cleaned, trash was under the bed and empty beer cans were in the kitchenette drawers and an empty beer box was in the cupboard under the ice bucket.. . Phone in the bathroom was cracked open.. . The sink faucet was broken.. . Called for maid service Friday and items were missing from my room afterwards.. . When you call the front desk you'll be put on hold for a few minutes before someone answers, then they transfer you to someone else and you'll be put on hold for even longer before you speak to someone.. Every single time.
This place had such good reviews so I was excited. And then very disappointed. The room itself was nice (If you ignore the dent in the wall by the bed and stain on the chair). And it was cool that we got to use the MGM pool (after walking a mile but that is just MGM in general.) But that is where my happiness stopped. This place is expensive and a high star-rated hotel- I expect excellent service because of it. I couldn't check in early (despite the fact that when I booked it they told me I could for a fee), fine- that's life I'll wait at the pool till check-in.  Then I had to wait in line to check my bags with the bell hop. Then at check-in I had to wait in another 30 min. line to check-in (if you are that full- have more people there to help!!) Then to continue my day full of waiting- I had to wait another 45 mins for the bell hop to bring my bags up to me while I sit in my wet bathing suit and wanting to shower but have nothing to change into.  The valet took about 20 mins to get my car, and they clearly parked it in the hot sun not in a garage, because it was hot when we got it. I didn't get the promised VIP tickets to the clubs I was supposed to receive. I didn't get the corner room I was promised at the desk. And the employees were all very snickety instead of polite and helpful. When spending money at a luxury hotel, I expect luxury results. I will not be staying here ever again.
Literally one of the worst hotel experiences of my life!!!. . Came to LV on business and wanted to stay in the quiet atmosphere of the Signature Towers where I booked a room with two queen beds for me and a coworker.. . I was instead offered a room with a single bed and a couch that, apparently, folded out into a cot, dorm-room-style!!!. . Upon several hours of pointless complaining, the staff continued to insist that all of their rooms came with one bed and one cot and all counted as having two Queens and that should I like to have two actual beds to sleep in, I am welcome to book two separate rooms at the newly inflated rate due to the late booking and the fullness of the hotel because of the convention.. . The staff had zero sympathy and claimed that they have never before had anyone complain of the pull out cot situation.. . Terribly mis-advertized, terrible customer service.. . Save your money and your sanity, stay anywhere else!!!
We stayed here this weekend. When we booked we let them know we had children. They assured us the pools would be perfect for them. Well, that could not be a bigger lie of they tried. The pool was so over packed with drunk people that the lazy river doesn't even move. One man even pushed my 8 year old under the most intense waterfall I have ever felt. Luckily my 25 year old saw her in time and pulled her out from being trapped in the current. When I told management, they said there was nothing they could do, that they have a routy crowd because of the concerts they host... So why did you originally tell me this is the perfect place for kids? Also, why does a child drowning not alert the sleeping lifeguard? Oh, and why is their response to my child drowning, "I can comp you a couple drinks at the pool tomorrow?" Are you kidding? Why would I go back to pool where my child almost died? You should also know the Signature's team claims there are not a part of the MGM even though they are called The Signature at the MGM Grand. What a joke. Don't got here. Way over priced and not safe at all. . . Another thing- you're only allowed to park 1 car at the hotel. They tell you if you have 2 to go park the other one at the MGM even though they claim not to be connect.
TERRIBLE hotel. Full of drunk fools, f'wits and frat boys running around half naked, drunk and quite frankly, pathetic. Very noisy rooms, albeit large and spacious. Average views, even on the side overlooking the strip. A long way from the center of the strip, which means a lot of unnecessary walking. Staff that don't know the term service let alone how to deliver it. We checked out after 2 HORRIFYING, sleepless nights and went to a real hotel. Can I please give negative stars??
The worst check in ever!!!!!!!!! We waited for 2 hours!!!! And also a long walk to the strip!
The great reviews for this hotel are beyond my comprehension. The 1 bedroom suite on the 32nd floor was seedy. Filthy carpet, dirty furniture. The place was built as a condo and MGM got stuck with much of it. You have to call for amenities etc. Needed a power strip. What a hassle to get it. They told me where to buy 1;they said they would rent me one. That's a first. Finally they sent one. Employees first response to anything you want is NO. The rate was great but next time I'll pay the Encore or Bellagio. Bye the bye I booked through a booking agency but did not have to deal with a mangement company.
This place is beautiful but our room is not so pretty smelling. The room smells so bad that you don't want to breathe.   We called the front desk and they will not change out our room. Poor customer service! !!. I will not recommend this hotel ever.
