Seats...my highschool gym seats were more comfortable than these.. Also we sat on the front left row... Expect to get wet... Which isn't cool when your in a suit... Also clown acts.... Horrible !,  the zebra looking dude.. Do something already ! And the actor that probably gets 100k for having his arm behind his neck... Can you have a more useless character ? I know this show is hyped everywhere... I'd recommend skipping it... Go see la reve. That's a great show.
O is the 3rd Cirque show I've seen and it was the worst. Extremely overpriced to watch people swim and dive. There was no clear story line and the performers who did acrobats, fire dancing, etc. were okay, but nothing to write home about.. . Save the money and see a different show, perhaps Zumanity. I highly recommend KA if it is your first Cirque experience. . . Three words sum it up: Overpriced and underwhelming.
Waste of money!!!! (*spoilers*). . I went recently on the weekend of July 4th with five other friends of mine, four of which fell asleep or dozed off.  The show starts off on a high note but goes downhill from there.  The show consists of a moving stage that was inside a pool, which was probably the only interesting part of the show.  Sadly the pool limited a lot of the feats that Cirque du Soleil is proudly known for.  The only thing they did in this show was synchronized swimming, dives, and more dives (then a few higher dives).  If I wanted to see dives, I would turn on ESPN and watch the Olympic professionals.. . The story it self was very unclear and poorly told,  It supposedly a man who gets pulled into a fantasy world and sees all sorts of fanastical dancers, an animal master with a whip, a fan dancer (who was a large black male wearing the most revealing clothes I have ever seen a man wear and was personally scarring to me. Also, if I had a kid, I am sure my kid would have started to cry),  all sorts of women who is he trying to chase/get with, and all other things.  Sadly all that they get across every scene is just a bunch of people doing mediocre acrobatic tricks that I have seen over and over in Las Vegas.  And those other shows were better than "O" and also a s*&t ton cheaper than "O". . I personally do not understand how this show has an average of 4.5/5 stars because if I had the option for 0 stars I would put it down in a heart beat. . . Not only were the tricks and acrobatic performances lack luster compared to other Cirque du Soleil shows, but the comic relief in between the physical feats was as bad as they get.  For one of the transitions, the two clowns stranded on a roof of a house came down to the audience and began dancing with 2 audience members in a slow dance.  This was neither funny or impressive,  this part of the show took about 15 minutes but felt like an eternity of wasted time.  In another part of the show, one of the performers grabs an audience member (who is part of the act) and forces him to climb the highest ladder in the show to perform a high dive.  This sad actor pretends to be out of shape and take about a year to climb this ladder, and also trembles the entire way.  It was very obvious from the get go that the audience member was a performer, it was plain to see for all of my friends and the people behind us.  Anyway, he ends of falling off the diving board and performing a fantastic fail of a dive.  only to climb out of the pool and rip off his shirt to show that he is a performer. My biggest problem with this part is, why did they waste 10-15 minutes of the show to have a "mole" climb the ladder and simple fall down and not perform a spectacular dive.  I was about to start booing at this part of the show.. . This was the biggest waste of $150 I had ever spent in Las Vegas.  I would recommend gambling away your money, eating a fancy meal, or giving $150 to a hobo as a better way to spend your money and time than to watch "O". . After all was watched and thought about,  I would give this show "O" what it truly deserves, a big fat, ZERO.. . . . worst show ever
I went to see O and Mystere during the same week in Aug 2012 and I have to say that O is severely overrated and overpriced.  I enjoyed Mystere so much more.   I also seen Le Reve twice and I prefer Le Reve to O. . . I had Mlife VIP seating smack in the middle, but 10 minutes into the show two couples came in late and the usher told us to move to the aisle so that the two couples could sit next to each other.  I could not believe they had us move to the aisle.. . The couple didn't understand why I was so mad.  1) They took my seat.  2) They interrupted the show by coming in late  3)  they just stood there blocking the view.  . . The interruption didn't help, but I thought the show was quite boring.. . The set was beautiful. . Synchronized swimming was boring. . Clowns were not very funny. . Diving was good. . . I just do not remember anything about this show that stood out.
Tremendously disappointed. Slow, plodding, dull. If you've seen another Cirque show, guess what? Same exact acrobatics you've already borne witness to, only over a huge humidity-inducing pool. I found myself more interested in the fluid control engineering than the actual show.. . If you're a big fan of French clown acts, it's a must-see.
Slow, slow slow.  Maybe good for the 80's, but if you have seen recent Cirque show (Not totem or Iris) this show is lame at best.  The water is not used effectively to help tell the story...The clowns are cute, but won't keep you awake.  Transitions take forever and once you go "O" because of the water, your going to fall asleep...Go see "ONE"!
What a horrific experience! The box office is a complete chaotic disaster, mismanaged and if you have the opportunity to speak with management they are so completely rude and inept that it makes the rest of the show unfortunately worthless.  If only the box office ran as beautifully as the stage performance it would be worth while.  . . If you must see this show, get your tickets early (like several hours or even days as the line before the show is well over an hour and a half wait due to poor design and horrible management).  Lastly it appears they are running a scam of sorts. if you have "will call tickets" they can resell your tickets if you don't claim them and "can do so 4 hours in advance" of the show so buyer be ware and I don't think they will refund you. Oh and doesn't seem to matter if you are in the long line waiting to pick up your tickets, they will not look for you or try to pull people out that are there for the next performance, they do NOT care.  It's a shame that ugly practices like these ruin a beautiful stage. There are many shows in Vegas, this is not worth the money or the hassle.
I have seen all of the shows in Vegas.  Heard many great things about O so I left the best for last.  Oh boy was i disappointed!  First of all its very overated and over priced.  Second, there was no story line, a bunch of nothing.  The acrobats were OK.  Nothing to really make me say Wow. Honestly, i napped through some of the Show. From all the shows in Vegas, Le Reve is still my favorite.
I missed the show last time I came to Vegas and thought to myself, "I'm not going to miss it this time around!"  My wife and I couldn't believe how boring the show was after all the hype it had received.  The show made no sense at all.  It didn't seem as if one scene was related to the next.  We were waiting for the climax of the show, but it just kept on dragging on and on.  Every single one of my friends and I kept on dozing in and out trying to justify the money we spent on the tickets.  My recommendation is the Zumanity show....well worth the money.
I have to say this is the worst $150 we spent in our entire life. The show may be good in early 2000s, but can't make me excited in 2013. Any circus show on Asian TV programs may be better than this. Sorry I just don't get it.
I thought this show was boring and too expensive!!!. It was 155 person! I expected the wow factor and sadly I never saw it.. I recommend "Le Reve", at least it was 10x better. . . I was so disappointed since I felt like I was watching a circus act in water.. Lots of chaos on the stage. People running around a lot and there was no story to it.. . It so sad that this show has been around awhile and this is what you get.
