I know the food is great-but-the maitre d' was so rude about the seating that we did not stay for lunch! That does not happen very often!!!
We went to Joe's with an extremely large group.  We had some drinks at the bar and each of us was charge a gratuity of 18% on our tab.  After our bar drinks, we received no service from the waitress on beverages.. . We ordered all of the sides, soups and salads on the menu and especially lots of snow crab.  We heard great things about the restaurant and unfortunately our experience did not match other's experiences.  The snow crab was significantly smaller than Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House, where we ate the previous night.  We recommend Del Frisco.  The snow crab seemed to have been frozen for a very long time; it was fishy, grainy, and not well cooked.  The frozen taste was strong throughout our entire order of crabs.  It was so far from fresh and tasted terrible.  Even the horseradish sauce could not hide the low quality taste.. . The artichoke and crab dip appetizer was excellent.. . The Manhattan chowder soup was tomato based, salty, and TONS of DIRT grains.  It was difficult to consume with every taste full of grains. This was the worst soup on the menu.  The crab bisque was great.  . . The plain potato hash browns were good.  They are boiled potatoes that are placed in a baking dish and toasted on the top.  Not great but good.  The Lyonnaise however, was not pleasant.  It was overfilled with caramelized onions, which were so overpowering you could not taste the potato.  . . The cole slaw had an interesting unique tangy taste.  The texture of the cole slaw seemed prepackaged, over shredded, soggy consistency, and poor preparation.   Again, the taste was very unique.  Our group ate the least of this item.  The corn was not sweet; it had several bell peppers and way too much seasoning.  The spinach had too much cream.  The other sides were all very standard.. . The key lime pie had a nice strong, sour, and thick creamy filling.  The gram cracker crust was over sugared and too thick.   . . Worst of all, after such a disappointing dinner, our waitress made the mistake of charging our group the entire tab multiple times.  Several of us were charged the entire bill.  We brought this to the manager's attention and he had no idea as to how to handle the situation.  We had to break it down to the waitress and explain to her the billing error.  She had a difficult time understanding how to correct and reverse the charges.  We're still waiting on verification from our banks of the reversals, since the restaurant clearly cannot be relied on.  . . Overall we would not recommend this restaurant.  Perhaps, at one time the Vegas location was of comparable quality to their other chains, but unfortunately this is no longer true.
I wouldn't know about the food or waitstaff, but was trying to make a reservation for my wedding dinner and told them I would prefer they not put the gratuity because of all the reviews stating lack of service when auto grated and the manager was a complete asshole.  I explained to him why my request and he got very defensive and telling me they have policies and refuses to break them for any guest and it is there to protect his servers which NEVER give bad service or anything remotely close to bad service, and that we probably shouldn't eat there.  REALLY? what the hell kind of manager alienates guests who is bringing in a large party.  If you are that sure of your staff, then omitting the grat for someone who is a server, used to bartend and manage, shouldn't be that big of an issue.
This review is mainly about our post dining experience. . I called the manager to let them know that me and my boyfriend believed we may have gotten food poisoning from there the other night. We both. felt ill the next day, and was pretty sure it was from the 2nd morgage appetizer. It was delish- don't get me wrong, I even took pics!  . . Anyhow, after asking me a few questions, she asked me when was the last time I ate prior, and told her at Red Rock Buffet for breakfast. The manager then asked me "How much did you two drink by the pool". We are locals here- and I was highly offended. We live in Summerlin and went there for breakfast, you can't beat a made to order  ommelette  and.  coffee for 5 bucks! So I wrote a note to corporate, and the Las Vegas General Mgr. got in touch with me and stuck up for his manager. Poor customer service, every single person I ran this by also stated this was offensive to them as well. It is a shame, it was our first experience there.. . I'm from Cleveland, been in the biz, and been to lots of Lettuce Entertain You restaurants in Chicago. I will not be back at any of them. I felt they treated me rudely and should have just called the health department!
Researched places to eat in Vegas prior to my trip... and I came to Yelp to read all the rave reviews about Joe's... so my second night there this was the place to eat! The maitre d was okay... not super friendly but not a complete dousche... and he had to ID me before sitting in the lounge because he thought I wasn't 21 yet. I'm flattered. Anywho... didn't get any appetizers as nothing seemed appealing... so we went straight into dinner. . . My friend ordered the fried seafood platter which she liked... she let me sample some of it... and honestly to me, it was just fried seafood. Nothing fancy.. . I was caught between the shrimp scampi (I heart scampi) and the parmesan halibut. The waitress suggested the scampi so I ordered that and I also got a small portion of the king crab mac and cheese... as I LOVE king crab and I LOVE mac and cheese. I also ordered a blush wine and I don't know the name of it (I asked the waitress and SHE didn't even know... um... FAIL!!!) but it was delicious so I'll shut up about that. The scampi came, and well, it looked sad. Yes the shrimp was large, but it was overcooked and there was NO taste to the pasta. Seriously??  A restaurant of this caliber with this reputation and the scampi has NO taste?? Unimpressed. Also, the king crab mac and cheese had no taste as well. I'm not a fan of adding salt to ANY dish... but I felt like BOTH dishes needed salt but like I said, I don't like to add salt. There was BARELY any king crab in the dish as well. LAME!!! I was completely disappointed and unimpressed with the food AND the service. My friend wanted to order another drink but our waitress never came around. We should'e went to N9NE at the Palms.... where we originally intended to go, but since she was staying at Caesars and we heard great things about Joe's we came here. BLAND food, MEDIOCRE service = a WASTE OF MONEY. Never again Joe's. NEVER AGAIN.
Overpriced bad food.. . I had the pleasure of coordinatiing the office xmas party as did every year.  The firm decided to take the staff and their spouses to LV for the weekend.  I decided to book the dinner party at Joe's.  The photos on the website is oh so mouth-watering.  Everyone couldn't wait to taste the food.  We decided on a pre-fix menu.. . Course 1:  The 2nd Mortgage. It's probably the best course, but it was just so so.  It was a medley of 2 inch king crab legs, 1 jumbo shrimp, half of a very small lobster, and a ceviche of shrimp and scaIlop.  I am used to having at least 3 sauces with my seafood medley.  it came with just cocktail sauce.. . Course 2:  Vegetable Chopped Salad. A mix of celery, lettuce, cheese.....  it was flavorless.. . Course 3:  filet mignon. My was medium rare and hers was medium.  I came close to choking to death on the first bite bc it was so dry.  I decided to cut down the center and saw that it was red and not overcooked.  I started eating it from the inside.  It was dry and powdery with no beef flavor.  I left a third of it bc I couldn't take it anymore.  Her steak was dry and she left half uneaten.  The sides were mash and grille tomatos.  Both were mediocre.. . Course 4:  Dessert. After all that, I decided to play safe.  I got the chocolate fudge pie.  You can't go wrong with chocolate.  With that said, it was nothing to write home about.  She got the banana cream pie.  That was just okay.. . I would not go here again.  I discourage anyone to go there.  At close to 80 bucks per person(food only), I can eat a lot better than that.  I was so very disappointed.  The staff will have to wait a year for me to make up to them.
This place is run by cavemen. When my party complained about the terrible service we were receiving, the manager told my husband to meet him at 2am when he gets off work so they could fight. You stay classy Joe's!
Overpriced bad food.. . I had the pleasure of coordinatiing the office xmas party as did every year.  The firm decided to take the staff and their spouses to LV for the weekend.  I decided to book the dinner party at Joe's.  The photos on the website is oh so mouth-watering.  Everyone couldn't wait to taste the food.  We decided on a pre-fix menu.. . Course 1:  The 2nd Mortgage. It's probably the best course, but it was just so so.  It was a medley of 2 inch king crab legs, 1 jumbo shrimp, half of a very small lobster, and a ceviche of shrimp and scaIlop.  I am used to having at least 3 sauces with my seafood medley.  it came with just cocktail sauce.. . Course 2:  Vegetable Chopped Salad. A mix of celery, lettuce, cheese.....  it was flavorless.. . Course 3:  filet mignon. My was medium rare and hers was medium.  I came close to choking to death on the first bite bc it was so dry.  I decided to cut down the center and saw that it was red and not overcooked.  I started eating it from the inside.  It was dry and powdery with no beef flavor.  I left a third of it bc I couldn't take it anymore.  Her steak was dry and she left half uneaten.  The sides were mash and grille tomatos.  Both were mediocre.. . Course 4:  Dessert. After all that, I decided to play safe.  I got the chocolate fudge pie.  You can't go wrong with chocolate.  With that said, it was nothing to write home about.  She got the banana cream pie.  That was just okay.. . I would not go here again.  I discourage anyone to go there.  At close to 80 bucks per person, I can eat a lot better than that.  I was so disappointed.  The staff will have to wait a year for me to make up to them.
Stone crab was nothing special and not worth the price. Steak I had was overpriced, overseasoned and overdone. Service was ok  With so many awesome restaurants in Vegas.  I wasted time, money and a meal here.
I have been coming to the las vegas location since they opened and I think today was my last visit.  Its mothers day and we went to eat dinner early but wanted dessert from joes's, its become one of our las vegas tradtions.  So being mothers day I called ahead of time and asked if I needed reservations tonight just for dessert.  I spoke with not one but TWO employees on the phone and both confirmed that I would be ok coming in with my party of 5.  We make the trek on foot with 2 people in wheelchairs from paris hotel and casino where we are staying.  And then they tell us at the door that we cannot get seated because we're only having dessert and they are still busy. But that we can take it to go.  Sooo frustrated that our mothers day celebration had to end like this.  The seating host easily dismissed us and I didn't appreciate the lack of customer service.
Stuffy, snobby wait staff.  Food just so-so.  We will not return.  You would be better off eating Joes Crab Shack.
For the last 3 years my brother and I went to Joe's on my birthday. The 1st time it was fabulous, the 2nd time wasn't even close as far as the service and the food, and the 3rd time was a complete disaster. The stone crab appetizer was served with the shells all broken up in the crab itself. Very bad! I ordered a steak and it was just fair. Not up to the prices they are charging. My brother ordered Surf and Turf and the lobster tasted just like the steak. I don't ever send my food back, so if you're wondering why I didn't send the food back it's because after 3 tries I don' want to deal with you any more. You will never see us again!
Walked out ! Never in my life have I ever done that. The staff, especially the head maitre d' where extremely rude.  We brought a very nice bottle of wine with us and were informed we could not open it. Mind you we were seated with water poured. They did not allow it and no one did on the strip.......um we paid corkage the past three nights at high end places no problem. We had a show to go to and did not have enough time to take the bottle back to our hotel. The lack of costumer service and extreme arrogance for such a high respected place was astonishing. On the web site nothing was stated that you could not bring wine in. Went over to the Old Homestead Steakhouse and they were more than happy to open our wine, had the best prime rib there!. . Would have given 0 stars but program would not allow.
I have never experienced racism until I went to Joe's Prime Steak and Stone Crab.  My husband, a friend, and myself were staying at Caesar's Palace (CP) and decided to have a late dinner at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab.  The host told us they were about to close and not taking anymore customers.  When we looked back to the restaurant, the host sat a white family.  My husband and his friend are both Hispanic and I'm Filipino.  We were appropriately dressed (better dressed than the white family that was seated).   We complained to the CP management and they mildly apologized.  I will never stay at CP and will strongly discourage friends and family from eating at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab.
I cannot believe this place is called Joe's stone crab just like the one in Miami ? It has absolutely nothing to do with the original one, I have been more than 30 times to the original in miami and the only thing I can say is that the one in las vegas is horrible in every way, for example In vegas the clam chowder was not only cold but we had to return it because it tasted like dirty laundry, then we ordered the wedge salad where in miami they bring you a huge portion witch most of times you have to share because it is so big, in vegas they brought me a 1/3 of a half, i returned it telling them that there most be a mistake on the portion, 10 minutes later they brought me the exact same portion telling me that in vegas is a different portion, then we ordered the stone crabs, incredibly they didn't had the most common size witch is the large and told us that they only had the jumbos that were priced about $ 85dls per order,  20 minutes later another person came and told me that they had ran out of the jumbo's but now suddenly they had the large ! so we ordered the large, it was not surprised that when the stone crabs came they were frozen and not good at all,  a fresh stone crab should not stick to the shell and this ones were a disgrace for what they charge, the sweet potato fries are completely different as well, and the signature key lime pie is also not made the same way and tasted nothing like the original. If you plan to go to Joe's Do not consider by any means to go to the one in Vegas, It has nothing to do with the original in Miami,  I keep asking me why would they change a great menu like the one in Miami to make a worst one? please some one tell me ! they should be ashamed to be called Joes stone crab.
My first time in sin city ever and my friends wanted to go here to eat lunch. Bad customer service they were practically trying to get us out the door. It's overpriced and 18% tip already included in the bill. Even with bad service the waiter already getting a tip. I wrote him a note on the receipt not that anyone would care.
What a disappointment.  My Hungarian waiter informed me that "We have no stone crab, but we *may* have some at five."  I ordered scallops, only to see a neighboring table be served a pile of stone crab claws.  So thereafter, I called my waiter back over, only to be informed, "It is now five, and we have them.  We never know before hand.". . If you have "stone crab" in your restaurant's name, I suggest you get on top of the availability of primary menu items.  I felt like a character in the Monty Python cheese shop skit.. . My waiter informed me he would comp me for the scallops (which were pretty meh... 15 or more on the plate, too tough, too salty).  When the bill arrived, I was comped instead for a slice of pie (Marie Callander style frozen pie with cardboard crust) and a cup of coffee.. . I hope my experience was out of the ordinary, but I paid $80 for dinner for one, and felt like I could have had a better experience for that price at a dozen other places in Vegas.  If you enjoy eating salty scallops, 10 feet from people eating the stone crab claws you were not allowed to order, Joe's is your place.
Joes Stone Crab. Right? Made reservations. Waited forever for a table. Got seated. Got the market price menu. Then after getting drinks and apps they tell us...no stone crabs!!! Seriously?? Tried to tell us some sob story about how they can't get them and then try to sell us on something else. BS!! I won't ever come back. I left and went upstairs to Sushi Roku! Next time. Be upfront and honest.
Egads!!  As locals, we go to Joe's 5-6 times a year for pleasure and business, usually the food and service is outstanding, last night, for Christmas dinner, it was horrendous on both fronts. We made reservations about a week in advance.  They called us that morning to confirm - then told us they could not find our reservation on the phone.  When we arrived, they told my wife they could not find the reservation, when my wife offered to show the confirmation number on her mobile phone the host says "let me do my job."  After 3 minutes he then asks to see the confirmation number.  We finally get seated, and it gets worse.. . We order dinner, drinks, and appetizers.  25 minutes after taking our order we are informed that the whole maine lobster is no longer available, we had ordered 2.  We then re-order. lobster tails and chiliean sea bass.  When the food arrives, our side dishes are missing.  One lobster tail was over-cooked, one under-cooked, and the seabass was bland.  The sides finally arrived more than mid-way through our entrees - the waitress apologizes, and says the sides will be taken off the bill.  We had also asked for refills on the bread - three times, which finally arrives when the plates are cleared.. . The manager comes over, and acts annoyed that he has to apologize for the service and food.  Naturally when the bill comes, the sides are not taken off.   We were so bothered by the lack of concern, we paid the bill and left.  It will be awhile before we return to Joe's.
