I'm honestly really really disappointed.. . I had the crispy duck over drunken noodles for a whopping NINETEEN DOLLARS. The noodles were all stuck together, tasteless, and covered in oil from the duck. The duck was not really crispy, but just hard and oily from the batter, and had little meat. The sauce, which is usually the redeeming quality, was just bad.. . Note: this place is alot further than it looks. It was a 10-15 minute taxi ride from the strip because of the stop lights and such.
Totally the worst place to order take out !!! . The little guy said it only takes 20 mins... But in reality it tooks one hour! He keep saying "it's coming.. It's coming..." Many many times and I got sick of it !!!. The best thing that we want to cancel it and he refused to do it!! And again, he said "It's coming... " Wth? He said sorry, but he even didn't look at me... Like he didn't care at all... Grrr...That little guy no attitude at all... Gratz Lotus of Siam is the worst place I ever met !!!. I know you are a very very famous restaurant, that's why you think only for an unimportant person like me, you don't need to give the best service, coz you still have millions of customers..... I got it now... !!! That's it... No more ordering in this place again... ZZzzz
This place gave me and my friends food poison!! we went here for my friend birthday and more then half of us had stomach ache afterwards, our party was about twenty people.
What a disappointment.. Several of my friends heard rave reviews about this place so we decided to check it out. First off the wait was ridiculous... a good sign I suppose. We finally were seated after an hour and 30 minutes. We ordered everything from the pad thai and fried rice to the panang curry. There were 10 of us. The food was mediocre at best and I'm being nice. I don't know what the hype is. The service is uber slow and the food is not that great. We left disappointed and annoyed at the friends who dragged us there. . . My husband and I actually checked out another thai restaurant during another visit to Vegas, Thai Style Noodle house. Now thats authentic Thai food. It was soooo good and cheap. I'm so sad we don't live in Vegas so could frequent this little hole in the wall.
I would give this place zero stars.  This is the worst place in Vegas. I don't know how much they have to pay Food Network to show them on TV, but you couldn't pay me to eat here again.  Why? When I go into a Thai restaurant and order in Thai, I expect authentic food prepared with authentic ingredients.  I do not expect jalapenos in my somtum, and I do not expect the owner to try to convince me that a jalapeno is a Thai pepper. No-go.
If you're a LOS fan, do yourself a favor, skip my review. Because I'm not impressed. At all. Not even a little bit. (And yes the 1 Star is not a mistake on my part!). . I finally made it to LOS for lunch today. I walked in through the double doors which turns into this little tiny S curve past a couple of chairs and the cash register before it opens up into a little more space. In front of me is a buffet, to the right is a larger dining space with a bar at the far East end, and the walls have a lot of pictures of the suckers who bought into the hype before me. . . So I tell the guy at the cash register I want to try the buffet. Fine. I get showed to my seat, then it's like where did everyone go? I'd like to order some Thai iced tea! Finally someone came by, took care of another table and then finally figured out that I might want something. . . So from there I'm up to grab a plate for the buffet. Does anyone doing dishes look at the plates? Yep, 2 of them have dirt on them. Seriously, no kidding, it is what it is. I find a clean plate and go to the buffet. I don't have the menu in front of me but they had a couple of things of interest, a red curry dish that wasn't bad, the fried bananas which were interesting (thanks Jaime W. for mentioning that in her review) so I fill my plate and go back to my table. And guess what? Of all the damn things I expect the rice to be HOT, and the eggrolls to at least be WARM at the minimum. What I got wasn't frozen, but it wasn't what so many other establishments manage to competently deliver and that's properly cooked food. And getting past the lukewarm food what I had wasn't all that. It was boring, not really that good Thai food. I actually found myself thinking Chinese food from Grand China (which I don't like) out in Henderson and their best of Sysco offerings was actually better. . . So after I eat I have to ask for my check, again so much for basic service. I get up to pay and with the tiny space to enter and the hordes of people hanging around the entrance there wasn't even a place to sit the receipt down on a flat space to sign it. I finally just juggled it enough to scribble on it, then made my way out past a bunch of rude people that don't even know how to clear a damn path for you to step past them. . . In short, my impression of LOS: It sucks ass. . . Maybe I just caught them on a bad day. Maybe I was having a bad day. Who knows. But no matter what I know with absolute certainty that this is NOT the best Thai food in Vegas. . . Count me as extremely disappointed. Oh and they were OVERPRICED for what you get too.
Health department just issued 40 demerits during a routine inspection.
So, I heard so much about this place and finally made it.... Honest to say the food was really not all that great, It was either to sweet or just too sour. Our server really was notin the mood to give us recommendations. And I also think it is overpriced for the the amount of food. The restaurant itself overall is nice, but I think it is way too over rated.
WTH was I thinking when I decided to go back to LOS? I must be a glutton for punishment or something. After reading the recent comments in the Yelp Talk section about LOS being the Best Thai food in America, I decided to give them another try. I can't blame this mistake on caffeine deficiency, this time the mistake comes down to stupidity on my part for going back to a place that sucked the first time. LOS failed badly. Let's break down my descent into Thai hell that just happened. . . 1: If there's a line of people waiting to get in good luck getting out. The way the narrow front entrance is setup is a safety hazard at best, a code violation at worst.  . 2: Wait staff can't even figure out how to open a bottle of wine. Saw that first hand 6 feet from me. Perhaps staff members should go watch YouTube and learn how to open a bottle without making it look like a broadway production to do so. For a place that milks that wine list hard, having staff that knows how to open the bottles is to be expected. What I saw was...well I started to wonder what he really wanted to do with the bottle from all the contortions he was going through to open it. . 3: 19 minutes from time of order until my plate arrived? Komol makes the same plate in exactly 1/2 the time. Yes I timed it. I ordered like for like and compared times. . 4: Portion size? Komol offers you more food at less cost. Seriously. I left hungry. At Komol I don't. . 5: Service. Is it too much to ask to get soy sauce? Good luck getting anyone's attention to get it, much less give you your check. . 6: That vaunted 50 page wine list of theirs is double and triple spaced, and frankly it ain't all that. I looked. Trust me I needed something to do while waiting on my food. . 7: Speaking of cost, I can order Chili Mint Chicken with an egg roll, ginger salad, and Thai Iced Tea and even with leaving a 25% tip at Komol it was still half the cost of LOS's Chili Mint Chicken, egg roll and Thai iced tea. I chose a simple dish so that I could compare them fairly. . 8: Speaking of Thai iced tea, it wasn't made properly and didn't taste as good as stuff I've had in LA and elsewhere here in Vegas.. . . Anyone that thinks LOS is the Best Thai Food in America is downright delusional and really needs to get out and explore more. Komol kicks LOS's rear end. And they are light years away from the quality of food at Penn's Thai House. Best in Las Vegas? Yeah, not buying that claim either. I know this review may irritate a few diehard LOS defenders but if a place sucks, it just sucks. Call it as it is and be respected for speaking your mind vs. trying to prop up a place that doesn't deserve it. . . 1 Star, under protest. . . Maybe I should get some Syrup of Ipecac as the food's not making my stomach happy either.. . Edit: 24 hours after I posted this LOS gets Yelp's Review of the Day? Wow. They don't deserve the recognition.
I must be fair - I only tried the lunch buffet for $10.99.  The menu fare may be OK.  However the buffet was reminiscent of a train station in Bangladesh.  Probably the worst buffet I've ever been to in my life!  The $10.99 price actually means it was indisputably the worst.  There was exactly one Thai item - a yellow curry chicken sauce.  Otherwise it was a very cheap Chinese buffet in disguise.  The yellow curry was even "today's special!"  I guess normally they don't even have that.  The "buffet" covered about 10 sq ft - postage stamp size.   I'm not kidding folks, this was incredibly bad.  Only go there if you're in front of the restaurant, starving, barefoot, the outside temp is 105, and you're a multi-millionaire.
Warning: this "authentic" thai food is pre-packaged and most of their sauces and bases are manufactured in places where the food regulations aren't as stringent as US guidelines. There are liberal amounts of MSG in their food too. I asked the server if I could get something without MSG and he said, "ok, we won't add any extra to your dish." what?? I don't want any to begin with. The server then explained that the pre-packaged sauces come with MSG in it. The he followed up with "well, there's not too much in there." I doubt it, and he was becoming visibly frustrated that I was insistant that something on their menu had to be actually made from scratch, and not reheated or reconstituted. . . I've had much better Thai food, the food here is nothing special. think it's a shame that all these Yelpers are reviewing how great this food is when it's pre-made and flavor-enhanced with Monosodium Glutamate. Sure you save a few bucks by not eating on the strip, but you exchange a slice of your health and soul in the process. Enjoy the chemicals, sheeple.
Soooo dissapointed :((( Chef Saipin Chutima would of been ashamed of whomever cooked my entree! I had waited two months to visit as a special occasion for my birthday and I passed up going to Ramsay's Steak House for this!  We moved here 3 months ago from Seattle  where there is an abundance of Asian restaurants so I know good Thai food!!! First, yes it's a little whole in the  wall which I was prepared for from doing my research but REALLY their sign wasn't even illuminated on the building making it difficult to even see the dang place in the dark. Then the hour long wait even though i called promptly when their doors opened that evening to make reservations and was told they where full. Finally seated, I had already chosen my entree by looking at there website and although I wanted to order 12 things I chose a fave of Moo Yang.  Had an appetizer of tempura, I have never had tempura with thick crunchy  batter.....that's not tempura. And it was suppose to be vege and shrimp, there where 4 small pieces of vege and the shrimp had been cut in half all for 10.95.  For such a huge menu was disappointing there wasn't no crab rangoons or fresh rolls on there app menu. My entre of Moo Yang was DRY almost shamefully so! No vege's  just a plate of meat that looked like it was tossed around the plate to make it appear it fllled the plate......... horrible presentation.and when the server offered me sticky rice I anxiously said yes but he failed to tell me he was going to charge me an extra 2.00. My husband had crab fried rice, rice looked like it was FRIED for maybe five seconds, just a plate of steamed rice as far as i was concerned.  Last observation I made no spices on the table!!!! Come on!!!! This place is renowned so being busy doesn't cut it!  There decor was not aesthetically pleasing especially the numerous pictures on the wall above me of chef and various clients in cheap frames and hanging crooked on the wall.  I have no intentions on every returning, So now my quest goes on for some descent Thai food! Having some serious withdrawals!!! I miss my Chili Thai :((((
Eh. I was underwhelmed. I ordered pad thai and my portion was small and relatively tasteless. Trader Joe's frozen pad thai is far and above this place.  No knives on the table and I and my companions all struggled to eat with some modicum of table manners. My friends had the crispy fried duck drunken noodles and the catfish and they were all very pleased. Guess i just ordered the wrong thing.. . Addendum -- ok I tried it again today, sampled across a lot of the menu (a big group of us ordered a ton of different stuff).  Even more disappointed this time.  Ick.  This is the Thai equivalent of McDonald's or Applebees.  If you are in Vegas and want decent Thai, try Pan Asian restaurant on S. Durango St.
I was so excited to try Lotos of Siam. Made my reservations and was so looking forward to dinner because of all the great reviews on yelp. We drove up and saw a crowd in the front. Walked into the restaurant and saw nothing, but people waiting to be seated so I thought to myself that this thai place is great. But oh boy, what a BIG BIG DISAPPOINTMENT! There was nothing great about their thai food. These people that rave about this place must have not had good thai food. Also, quite honestly the reviews are coming from non-asian people. C'mon now, the food was mediocre and the proportion was only enough for 1 person; my 2 year old niece ate the curry dish all by herself. It was edible, but nothing out of this world like everyone else is talking about.  The only highlight of the evening was the bottle of wine we ordered. For all you thai fans, the next time you're in CA, go to this hole in the wall joint called "Thai Pepper" in Huntington Beach.  Two 70 year old ladies are busting out authentic thai dishes.
Wasn't able to try the food. After waiting for 15 min for service, we left!
2 days shy of 4 months ago I last stepped foot into Lotus of Siam. My experience today was not much better than the one I wrote about then. I ended up paying $14 for a "buffet" , cough, cough, that was absolutely pathetic. The Tom Kha soup was ok but nothing special. 6 or 7 egg rolls would be brought out then vanish leaving an empty tray. The garlic wings looked like something left too long under the heat lamps, and then I had the Chili Mint Chicken with excessive squash or whatever the heck it was. I never thought a Thai place could massacre a dish such as Chili Mint Chicken but LOS has found a way to do it. To call this a "buffet" is doing the word a great disservice. I'm not expecting a spread the size of the Bacchanal buffet, but this...this is freakin ridiculous with what they're trying to pass off as a lunch buffet. . . Seriously for the price and especially on quality and taste Komol across the parking lot kicks LOS's derriere. If you think this is the best Thai food found in Vegas, you seriously need to pull out your Yelp app on your phone and do a little exploring. Coming here for a good lunch is the equivalent of a sucker's bet....pay out the nose, and get less in return. . . I can't give them anything more than 1 Star. My conscience is screaming at me for even giving them that, but fortunately Yelp says I have to give them something so that quiets my conscience a little. Now to find some Pepto to quiet my grumbling and very unhappy stomach..... . . By the way after rereading my old review...I stand by it. Still valid. And the one before that. Still valid. Notice the 1 Star pattern? Don't say I didn't try and warn ya. . . Tip: The closest place to buy Pepto is CVS which is at 2735 South Maryland Parkway, if you know the back way out of the parking lot you can get your relief in under 10 min from the turn of the car key to the swipe of your debit card. Trust me...someone will value this tip soon enough.
Warning.  First, this place is the best thaiI have ever had.   Lived in se asia including thailand.   But tonight I ordered 3 dishes for pick up.   I opened them at home and thought this was a joke.    Not enough food for one, and I planned on feeding three.   Just thought I would let everyone know.  Still love this place but will dine in.
Terrible is not the word for service. We went there last night. The waitress showed us an attitude as if she is doing some favor by getting us food. The food was also so-so, not up to the mark. I am very disappointed with you Lotus of Siam. Had heard some great reviews here.
Giving one star because no curry entree found on the lunch buffet.  I inquired and was told curry dish is available only on certain day.  How could a Thai buffet without curry chicken or curry beef.
The place is in a sketchy neighborhood, the inside was a dump, the charbroiled beef was all fatty, and the Penang was mediocre. My jasmine tea didn't even taste like jasmine!  They even messed up desert! The sticky rice was poorly made and the fried banana was oily. The coconut ice cream was powdery tasting and not much flavor.  Not sure what all the hype is. Maybe people are just starstruck by the pictures of famous people that ate here a long, long, time ago.
Don't believe the hype. Mediocre food, service! For a place that is jammed packed you expect a lot more!. . Went there for dinner ordered the spring rolls which were mediocre at best the had the chicken penang which was ok and the had the charbroiled beef which was undercooked and very fatty. Waiter didn't ask how I wanted the beef cooked so I had two little pieces and my wife had the rest. Then the dessert had the mango sticky rice very salty ice cream tasted powdery very disappointed. Interior needs a makeover it's outdated and its not in the greatest part of town. Service was way too slow. I was eager just to leave this place.. . Would not go out of my way to eat here. Don't think I would come here again!!!!
Rude and somehow for a party of ten......we need to reserve two weeks in advance.  The staff just stands around at front and discuss personal matters.   When I went into back by the bar to go to the bathroom, there were like at least 30 open seats in their huge bar dining area.   Seems either owner is not present, or owner doesn't care anymore since he's so busy with his business and doesn't have to work hard to maintain his customer base.. Our party instead went to Thai Original BBQ down the street.  They gave us good food and great service, now I know where to go the next time I visit Vegas again.
Hair in food.. The end.
This review is based on having the lunch buffet which is available on weekdays for $10.99. Long story short, I wouldn't recommend this place for lunch or for the buffet because not only was the food meh but the service was horrendous.. . When we got there, the host asked how many were in our party to be seated. We told them that our friends were already here and asked if they minded if we took a quick peek around the corner to see if they were seated already. The host said no problem and we walked past him. After looking for about 5-10 seconds, he walks back in front of us and says "maybe they're not here yet", as if to call us liars and try to seat us anyways. We walked back towards to entrance to call our friends to see where they were. The host follows us around the whole time as if we're not allowed to walk freely in the lobby. He continued to challenge us even after I told him nicely that our friends had texted us that they were seated somewhere inside before we even walked in. We eventually found our party, which had been seated towards the back. We ignored the host and just made our way towards them. . . After being seated it was impossible to get someone to stop at our table to ask questions about the buffet and menu. I thought about ordering off the menu,but my group wanted to go for the buffet, so I thought why not? Once we started eating, the only time we saw a server was when we needed refills on water and soda. No one ever stopped by to ask us how we were doing or took our plates. I even grabbed some plates and threw them on an empty bar where nobody was sitting because they were piling up. I also had to get up and grab my own sauces and napkins from the waiters' supply corner...no customer service whatsoever, but this is an Asian restaurant so who knows if they even care. There was also not very many people there for the noon lunch hour compared to what you would expect when experiencing a lapse in service. Maybe 2/3 of the restaurant was full if even. Had the restaurant been completely full, I would've taken that into account. There was also some confusion when we were paying our bill so it seems like the hostess' don't know what they're doing either.. . The buffet featured items such as chow mein, pad thai, garlic wings, mint chicken and other typical buffet foods. The selection was small as there were only 2 tables worth of food. Most of the food was bland (pad thai especially) and some of the fried items were 90% dough and not much filler (egg rolls, fried banana are examples). The only thing that I really ate more than a couple bites of was the chow mein and garlic wings...show I really just filled up on wings. Not really what you would expect at a Thai restaurant.. . While I was eating, I was already thinking about how I was going to word this review because I was unhappy the entire meal. Keeping in mind that it was only the buffet that we had, makes me want to go back and try ordering items from their menu. However, the service was a real turn off and I've had better service at fast food joints than what I had today at Lotus. I doubt we'd be back in the future. Not sure how this place got their Zagat rating because I'm pretty sure service counts for something.
I went in for a quick seafood soup, tom yum, I think it's called.. The broth was just too bland compared to the ones I've had at . Krung Thai and Pin Kaow.  It was like water and it had a weird aftertaste.
No no and NO. . . While yes, the authenticity of the Thai food served is authentic and tasty. The price for the portions served along with the service are not. . . Overpriced with small portions and a server stealing your change is NO GO for me. . Simply put, I've been to authentic Thai places that serve more food and at half the price. I'll admit it might not be AS good as Lotus of Siam, but for those that aren't foodies or even tasted authentic Thai food, you won't ACTUALLY notice the difference except for the hype. . . 18% gratuity is automatically added for large parties.. Though I don't necessarily agree with this, if the service is at least decent I won't complain. . . However, if they don't return the change (even if it were only $3) after an automatically added tip, this is absurd. . . As a bonus, after our waiter took the check, he ignored my table for 10-15 minutes until I gave up and left. I was with a big party and needed to leave. . . STAY AWAY. There are so many better places to spend your money at in Vegas and THIS IS NOT IT.
I really love thai food. So given that this place was so close to me and I'd never tried it, I really wanted to like it. The outside is shady to say the least. However when you walk in its ten times nicer. Staff was good. But overall the food just wasn't that great, especially for the price. I had two of the most commonly raved about dishes. The drunken noodles with soft shell crap and the crispy duck in curry. Both were less than awesome. I did have the tom kah which was pretty good. But overall the food just felt...greasy. And not all that tasty. Blah! I just feel like I've had so much better thai food in Los Angeles for half the price. I'd save your money, or order one of the lesser expensive dishes.
