OK, so I am a very traditional, conservative girl, which was why this show (particularly the female orgasm) made me uncomfortable. But here is the thing: The acrobatic acts are nothing you don't see in any other Cirque du Soleil show. During the hula hoop act, I kept thinking, "I've seen this before in another Cirque du Soleil show." Same with the female orgasm. And a few other acts. Same acts, different name.
I've been to many Cirque shows and this was a true disappointment.  Aside from the hype, this show does not stack up to other Cirque shows when it comes to talent.   The theatre was sumptuously decorated - so I was pretty excited when I first arrived.  But then the show started and all I can say is that the show is super cheesy.  Fat chicks scantily clad squeezing through occupied aisles pushing their butts and boobs into the faces of guests, performers constantly grabbing at their crotches, so-so singing, very little acrobatics compared to most Cirque shows, low quality acrobatics (compared to Cirque shows).   In a word, the show is "cheesy" - there's nothing sexy about it. . . Thankfully my other half got a deal on the tickets - the second ticket cost one-dollar. Still though, it was a waste of our money.  If you enjoy Cirque shows such as Alegria, Mystere, Kooza, Quidam and O - don't bother with Zumanity.
A woman sitting behind me but a few seats over silently puked all over herself in the red velvet (read: not very cleanable) seats just as the show was starting. Seriously, people, get your shit together!!! This also happened to me recently on the shuttle home from a wedding. Alcohol can get the best of anyone, but there's simply no excuse for adults getting so drunk they can't even figure out that they need to get to a bathroom (or try to do so!). I am personally embarrassed for the women I've seen do this because they were just too old for that kind of behavior. Even an 18 year old should know better.. . Staff were alerted and they attempted to clean the mess in the dark which temporarily masked the smell with ammonia, but it was not gone and just became more and more unbearable as I couldn't get away from it and grew more and more annoyed about how the show was rendered the opposite of sensual. STENCH OF VOMIT = MOJO KILLER.. . I had hardly been able to get into my seat since I had to climb over 12 or so people who did not even try to move their legs for me (btw, I am very small). Not to mention I was dead center in the 5th row, so it would be very noticeable by the performers if I got up, and I might even interrupt the show by accident with them moving through the aisles and soaring over the audience and such. I told myself to just... hold... out... for... intermission. At one point, another woman (it appears our sense of smell is much stronger) in my row who was closer to the aisle managed to get the staff to come clean the area again. They were not close enough to me to get their attention without drawing the attention of everyone in the section. The second cleaning helped but faded after a few minutes again. And intermission... never... came. By the time the show was ending, the smell was so overwhelming that I was very near puking myself. And in no mood to go out and drink (though I tried and failed).. . I was pissed because I spent a lot of money to get this one night in Vegas that was pretty much ruined. I knew it wasn't Cirque's fault per se but I was sure that when I complained they would do something to make the horrendous experience up to me. Because it definitely wasn't my fault, and that's what customer service is all about. But NO, I was completely shut down with nothing more than an apology and a "This is Vegas" attitude. In fact, I was told it was my own fault for not being an asshole and getting myself reseated during the very dark and very busy show. I wasn't even referred to someone higher up I could talk to. . . The show was great but the customer service was abysmal. I doubt it was the first time anything like this has happened, so I do think it's Cirque's responsibility to make sure that one customer can't easily ruin the experience of many others. It's not just Vegas -- Cirque pushes 32 oz. drinks on its audience members before virtually locking them into their seats for 2 hours straight. I wouldn't be surprised if drunkards poop themselves too. Ushers seat everyone and maybe it's their responsibility to identify people who are too drunk to participate in the show. Cirque, I've been a long time fan, and you owe me better treatment.
I was terribly disappointed in this show. I love Cirque du Soleil, and despite the fact that they call this the "sensual" side of CdS, I would probably have just called it a strip show and may have enjoyed it more if the tickets had cost 15 bucks. Not $125. There were maybe 2 "sensual" scenes in it, and the rest just seemed to be topless dancers faking orgasms. This is probably great if you are a horny guy (or gal) and just want to see a bunch of people faking orgies, orgasms, etc., but if you are looking for a quality show, look elsewhere. There are two acrobatic scenes (one with a midget and one with a gal with hulahoops) that are really incredible. And a really beautifully done water scene with two women - but other than that, I truly, TRULY thought the show was awful. We were truly disappointed.
The worst Cirque du Soleil show that I've seen. And I've seen a lot. . . Where do they get off charging so much for a ticket. Don't waste your money and go see "O" or Love. . . The attempt at being "sexy" (which it was NOT) distracted them from the essence of why people go see these shows in the first place. There was an act where the women was masturbating with ropes as she is pulled up and down in the air. There was no music just her moaning. Of course she was faking, the worse faking I've ever heard. It was flat out stupid! . . I was not impressed and was fully let down.
I have no idea why anyone gave this more than 1 star.basically this was just a show of boobs and men kissing men...which is fine in vegas, but circ shows are usually more grand and have awe-inspiring acrobatics. The best acts were a contortionist and a strong man on a pole. Absinthe is similar but MUCH more affordable and more impressive. Save your money on this one.
Nothin compared to the O on water show I saw a few years ago. If I had known how disgusting and perverted it was  I wouldn't had gone. Orgys, threesomes, not sensual just gross.
-1 stars. I was very disappointed. Felt like a waste of time. The only good thing about it was the popcorn. We had free tickets, otherwise I would have asked for a refund. I would advise you to spend your money on a different show. It was slow and lots of talking. There were a couple of good pieces but nothing you can't watch for free on t.v.
Too raw for my wife and me. Great circus acts, but ruined by offensive language and behavior.
My tickets were free and I felt like I wasted my time.  . . This is probably my 6th or 7th Cirque du Soleil show and I've never left one disappointed until now.  . . I was expecting raunchy acts and such, but this just seemed like an excuse to show nipples.  Not funny, just making money off of bad jokes and boobs.. . The audience reaction was disgusting.  They all hooted and hollered when the two chicks were skimming all over each other in the fish bowl.  But when two guys kiss?  It's met with "eww!!" and the like.  Nice way to show your ignorance people.. . Take my advice.  If you want a vulgar show that's *actually* funny - go see Absinthe!  That's a class act.  Sexy and hilarious.  Skip this POS.  There's a reason they're giving away tickets...
Very poor show. You would expect arial acts, wonderful correography, and a better Cirque spectacular. The acts were poor, the costumes were outdated and just because some people showed their tits does not make it. We have seen most all of the Cirque shows as well as La Reve. Zumanity does not even belong in the same category. Don't waste your money? Did the dinner package a Gallaghers and that was a total rip off.$60.00 per person without drinks. It did include gratuity.
Wow did this turn into a shit show. I saw this years ago when it first opened, and I loved it, would have given it 5 stars then. Times have changed, and like New York New York, this show has definitely seen it's day. Excuse me for being honest, but I felt it was a bunch of rejects from strip clubs who couldn't get a job so they hired them here. The woman looked tore up, meth'd out, there is nothing sexy about being road hard and put away wet, unless that look is in and I didn't get the message? The men, uh hemm, uh I think there were a couple, nothing hot about them either. This used to be very sensual, sexual, artistic, an entertaining, but this time I couldn't wait for it to be over, and not in a good way! There is nothing sexy (to me) about 2 guys making out, a midget making dry hump gestures, a bunch of gay men trying to pretend they are enjoying fondling a woman. It was just so forced, and awkward. Let me tell you, I'm am totally open minded and I don't get offended, this was just boring. I guess the tourists from the Midwest would enjoy this, being the most scandalous show they have seen and the old men in the audience who haven't seen a naked woman in years, but I say pass on this! There aren't any great sexy shows in town anymore.
Boring, unsexy, and Not worth Money & Time. . Skip this Show. . . I saw all cirque Shows on the Strip. & this One was the worst. . The lil boobie Girls on the Stage. Sexy? No Not at all. They Looked like dudes. . The couple who thought they are sexy & funny .... A Miss. :-(. . Acrobatic? Not really. . The guys more gay then attractive. . . What i Liked the 2 fat Girls, waterbowl, tribal dancers. . . Everything Else was a joke. . I was embarassed to See the choking Part, the boobie Story with the ugly Lady, Pom Pom Dance OMG disgusting. . . Only pro we had Good seats & had a Great view. But for the First Time i wish i Could have Choose Last row so i dont had to See ugly tiny boobs & gay looking dudes & an Old Lady dryhumping a Guy, midget dryhumping...
I decided on this Cirque du Soleil show bc of the cheap ticket prices, but I have to admit, I still expected Cirque quality level. Saying I was disappointed with be an EXTREME understatement. If you want to basically see a burlesqeu show with a TON of nudity (basically EVERY girl takes her top off), un-necessary sexuality, and crued jokes, then this is the show for you! But if you are like me, and are interested in a Cirque show with amazing perfromances, precision, and talent, then don't waste your time!!! So unhappy and disappointed :(
Anyone that wrote a positive review of this is either out of their minds or paid to do it. This is the dumbest show I've ever seen. I was told by a cab driver this would be good for a bachelor party - and the first couple acts were. Then, it basically turned into a show full of dumb skits and unimpressive tricks done by men in short shorts. Don't think I'm discriminating just cause it was full of near naked men, i'm not, it was just dumb. We couldn't wait for it to end and had more patience than other people who were leaving early; don't blame them one bit. Find another show.
I've lived in Vegas nearly 40 years and have seen man;y shows over that time. . . This was the worst I've seen. Boring Boring Boring. I guess for being in a major hotel I expected a lot more out of it.. . I've seen smaller shows in smaller venues that were more entertaining. They were probably less expensive to put together put at least it was fun seeing the performers put their all into a low budget production.. . I spent a fair chunk of the show visiting with the bartender. He was more entertaining than the show.. . Don't waste your money on this show. From a local I can tell you for a fact that there are much better ways to blow your money in this town.
Reading the reviews, I get the impression this show varies quite a bit in terms of quality and it seems like some of the filler acts get changed in/out. The version we saw was lousy, unfunny and frankly, one section was just grotesque so we got up and left.. . *There was actually an exposed male in the act we saw, which was funny the first time they pulled the joke, but not the third, fifth or eighth.. . *There are a lot of strobe/flash lights that go off pretty randomly. For anyone that has triggers based on light flashes, this is not the show for you.. . *I can see a funnier, better drag queen for two dollars on Tuesday night where I live, and probably see more entertaining dancing the same night. . . *We did not see the costumes from the posters -- in fact, there are barely any costumes at all during the balletic/acrobatic numbers. This show would have been much more exciting had there been any sort of tease.. . *In actual burlesque, there are a couple of versions of the act depending on the audience. If the audience isn't going for it, it gets ratcheted down. In this show, they simply play canned laughter and goading to make sure the show carries on. It was clear we didn't want to see the g-string, and it would have been better if they had a 'backup plan' for when the audience wasn't into it.. . *The good acts -- the fishbowl, a balletic piece and a tango between a ribbon-weilder and a dwarf lasted less than ten minutes of the forty-five minutes we saw.. . * Finally, this is the reason we got up an left -- there was an act, about halfway  the way through where a woman in nothing but a flesh-colored g-string is doing acrobatic tricks while danging from black ropes to make it appear as though she is fighting with the ropes. The whole time the sound track is her screaming 'no' and yet climaxing. For anyone that has ever been assaulted, or been denied use of their safeword -- that is incredibly unsettling. I don't know who ok'd that act, but it was horrible.
Bad, bad, so disappointed with Zumanity show, poor, when you mention Cirque du Soleil you expect a lot! This s not my first time in this Cirques, but this one was the worst, I'm from LA and  I had guests from Va. That weekend and I offer to  take  them to see this show!!  I wanted they see how beautiful is Cirque du   Soleil, wrong decision. I wish I have my money back, I spend on 6 tickets.
Saw Zumanity last week. Was underwhelmed as my expectation bar of a Cirque de Solei-branded show was set pretty high. As one of the other commenter's said, this was more of a cheesey burlesque revue than an dazzling acrobatic performance. . . When we bought our tickets (from Ticketmaster), I was only given seats on the side of the stage that were "best available" and cost the same as the seats n the front. . . TIP: DONT BUY SEATS ON THE SIDE - THE SET IS STAGED FOR FRONT VIEWING ONLY.
Zumanity was disappointing and is so not worth your money! Having seen Ka, which is epic, inspiring, and amazing, I had really high expectations for another Cirque de Soleil show. However, Zumanity is all filler, no thriller. I don't understand why this show has such high reviews. Those people must never have seen any other Cirque shows to compare to this. The acrobats, while very talented, are not even in the same league as the incredible performers in Ka. They are like the sad understudies that end up performing in a local circus for kids' birthday parties. There were no moments that took my breath away and I didn't see anything that I hadn't already seen before, and more importantly, seen performed better. Zumanity is comprised of a bunch of random acts that are just thrown together with no story line. The only common thread that ties everything together are the gratuitous boobs and ass. The sketches between the performances reminded me of bad SNL skits. I think they are just relying on the shock factor of the sheer amount of nudity present in the show. The actors do things to embarrass audience members like wave a fake penis in their face and other crude things to get a laugh from the crowd at the expense of whoever is sitting near the front. Nudity does not offend me, but when it doesn't serve a purpose it just makes the entire performance seem crass. The humor was very juvenile and I felt like I was watching a bizarre community college production at a strip club. I was pissed I paid so much for a ticket to see a bunch of sad adults run around a stage waving dildos and bananas and humping old ladies. Also, if you end up sitting next to a stranger and they get really aroused, it gets SUPER. AWKWARD. Sigh...One of the acts was a guy breakdancing. Seriously??? My husband can do the same moves and I can see that for free!. . Cirque de Soleil should really reconsider attaching their name to a show of this poor caliber. The theater is very small and uninspired. Lots of empty seats and we didn't have to wait in a long line to get in, which is probably an indication that it's the least popular of the Cirque shows. The lack of a crowd outside should have been my first big hint that it was going to be a total bust. Zumanity just doesn't live up to the Cirque de Soleil reputation. Don't waste your time or money seeing this show.
I'll have to compare the hour and a half show to getting a root canal at the dentist. Actually, I would prefer the root canal and then getting kicked in the face with a golf shoe than seeing this show again. . . Nothing more to say than what others already have. Read some of the poor reviews from other yelpers, they're pretty spot on. . . Save your money and time. I still have nightmares of the visuals I took in that night.
We had heard from a lot of folks that had seen the show that it has changed over the years.  I definitely wasn't expecting the caliber of O but definitely wasn't expecting a sketch about how to make fake boobs out of plastic bags  filled with alcohol.  . . Having seen a few Cirque shows we were thinking that it would be more sensual and sexy.  Zumanity was raunchy and immature which invited the like from the audience. Everyone seated around us were like 5 years old screaming "oh my God" when two men kissed.  Seriously?  . . Awful experience.
show:. *way too much nudity! i didn't feel like it was fair that the females were topless. we don't walk around topless normally. yet the guys get to wear a gstring. seeing guys topless is normal already. they should be be wearing a top and be bottomless. that sounds fair! . *of course there were a few funny hahaha moments but nothing that made our jaw drop and go wow. there were some acrobatic stuff but not as great as the other cirque shows that i've seen in the past.. *at one point, a girl was performing her version of an orgasm on stage on ropes in mid air. . . overall:. *balcony area has its own bar and restroom. front viewing is the best view. not that great from the balcony. there were parts that we missed because we sat at the balcony area. staff engaged more with the audience who had floor seating.. *my boyfriend and i were super bored. we've seen many many many cirque du soleil shows before and this is by far the worst. . *made me feel super uncomfortable seeing so many people naked. . . tips:. *located in new york new york.. *cash & credit card accepted.. *there's a gift shop.. *just like the fair or theme parks you have that option to take pictures at the beginning of the show and you can purchase it for keepsake afterwards. . *no intermissions.. *2 bar areas.. . this show is a love or hate type of show for many people. i would only recommend this show so you'll be able to differentiate between what you like and dislike along with if you'll seen all of the other shows then go. other than that i would totally skip!
This was definitely not what I expected. I've seen many Cirque shows and have loved them all. They are always very entertaining, beautiful, innovative, and classy. This one on the other hand had many extremely sexually explicit scenes, which could have been much more tasteful. Instead of being sexy andsensual, most of the show was just sex-based. A lot of people loved the show, but not my taste. If you are not interested in extensive nudity and over the top sex-like scenes I do not recommend seeing this show. I saw this show with my boyfriend and was hoping to leave feeling sexy, but I left the show with mixed feelings of respect for the performers' talent and disgust at a few of the performances. Definitely not a show for everyone.
I didnt like this show at all.  My husband wasnt a fan either.  In fact there were a couple of times I considered leaving but I stayed hoping for more, plus we paid a lot to be there!  I wasnt sure what the show was trying to accomplish.  It wasnt sensual, it wasnt sexy and it wasnt hot.  I truly didnt even see it as artistic.  It was naked - thats about it - so if thats your only requirement, then youre in!   They covered  2 dudes kissing, 2 girls swimming in a bowl topless, some girl making moaning noises on a rope (yeah - weird!), a girl trying to seduce some guys more interested in a sports game and a couple flirting.  Then in the end they had the same people on stage at the same time.  They had a drag bring in some of the audience for participation and that was a big potion of the show.  The end!. There were about 2 spots in the performance where people actually had acrobatic talent and the rest just seemed like naked time filling.  One guy with a mohawk cut was amazing and that part of the show was great.  He had amazing strength and literally looked like he was floating in mid air, he was so graceful.  On the flip side, I think they had one girl whose only job was to stand there and make cracking noises w/ a whip and a long haired dude who I think his role was to look like Fabio in jean shorts?  This review makes the show sound a lot more exciting then it is...it really isnt something I would recommend.  Spend your money on something unique - its Vegas so you can see topless anywhere.
After watching Michael Jackson's The One at Mandalay Bay I was so excited to watch Zumanity. I was hoping for energy, colour and of course sexiness, instead I got none.. . The shows hosts were not funny in fact they were annoying, the crowd interaction was something you would expect to see at an all inclusive resort as part of their evening entertainment. . . The show was slow and lethargic, the acrobats were a bit 'same old' and the sexiness just wasn't there. . . I should have took note of the people who left early but I couldn't shake that 'it has to get better' feeling.
Yeeaaaaa..... no!. . I even came into this show with low expectations. I left appalled as I didn't think it would be worse than lowered expectations.. . Sure, it has a "sexy theme" mixed with comedy and acrobats but the execution was horrible!! The host "tried" to be funny but came off annoying. The acts were just random and not well thought out. There was nothing amazing or jaw dropping.. . At the price we paid, it was a 1 star at best. I would price this show at $25. If you don't get it for that price, don't watch it. I honestly enjoyed the V variety show better, which was basically the same show minus all the crap.. . I'd have to give KA more credit after seeing zumanity. It really puts other shows into perspective when you witness the lowest setting bar.
