Terrible in every way.  Food was awful the decor is hideous and very expensive.  If your visiting Vegas do not stop here.
From the awkward entrance to the foo foo bread selection to returning our appetizer (VERY fishy Ahi Tuna) to also returning a side dish (sauteed spinach swimming in butter and salt) and returning our check TWICE to be corrected.  . Finally, the bill, I will pay for high quality food and service but this place is over priced and under run.  Sorry Ramsay, you should have skipped putting your name on this one.
We were in Vegas a few days ago and wanted to try out Gordon Ramsay Steak so we called reservations and found out they were booked until after 10pm.  No problem as she told us we could go to the bar if we wanted to as it has a full menu there.  We ended up going to dinner at American Fish and decided to have a drink and dessert at Ramsay.  When we got to the host stand we were told that the bar was bought out for the night by a party.  This would have been great information to give us when we called earlier that day don't you think?! We were pissed but not as pissed as if we had decided to come here for Dinner.  We got over it and went to Max Brenner for dessert which was great.  I don't know if this was the left hand not knowing what the right hand is doing but it left a really bad taste in our mouths.  Maybe we'll try it the next time we go...but there are so many other stellar choices in Vegas.
Be afraid!
Great looking restaurant, beautiful seating attendants, wonderful vibe, ........food - terrible!. . Our steaks were tough and lacked flavor, my $38 lobster tail was overcooked and rubbery, and the $6 steak sauces were below average.  Salads and sides were VERY small compared to other restaurants - especially given the cost.  I'm a huge chocolate fan but couldn't finish the very small portion of cake provided due to the lack of flavor or any sense of gratification - its hard to ruin chocolate but they somehow managed to do so.. . WAY over priced!!!  Three drinks (tea, coke, cocktail), two very small ceasars, two very small sides, two filets, one lobster tail, two desserts - about $350.  Also two different prices and we were up-charged for lack of some rewards program - really??  Is the food here about the food or some frequent flyer program?  All I wanted was a great meal.  Not to feel like I was getting reamed further for lack of  casino rewards participation.  Let the food stand for itself and not some marketing scheme.. . For all the talk and presentation about the meat here, it was the worst I've ever had on the strip.   I felt I was definitely paying for the "celebrity" and not the "chef" in this case.. . Beso and Delmonico were SIGNIFICANTLY better.. . One star for the toffee bread pudding.
This is a rating in service only.  Jersey Boys let out a bit late, had a res for 8:30, arrived at 8:46, they gave our res away at 8:45.  We were told that those are their rules and sorry.  They could get us in two hours later, even when they were told it was an anniversary at booking.  Nice job Gordon, rules like these will make you less successful.
LOUD, the music is far too loud. We asked the staff if it was always this way and they said yes, and that many people complain about it. Mr. Ramsay pays such attention to detail, right down to the red zippers on the hostess' dresses, yet assaults our sense of hearing with deafening techno. Why?. If he has a reason I'm all ears.. . The wait staff were all superb. There is not one detail that has not been addressed.  To be insanely picky, the actual food delivery could have been nicer, I mean how the plates are presented. Yes thesethings matter, they all add to the sense of formality one would want when going to a fancy dinner.. . The mirrored "meat cart" is a very good idea in theory, however in its execution I have to say it looks rather silly. I am sure many hours were spent designing and crafting it, but I think it looks cheap. It does not fit in well with the rest of the decor, at least while sitting at a table trying to hear (over the loud music) what the waiter is showing and describing.. . The ingredients were fresh, aged meat very nice, asparagus soup terrific, short ribs fell right off the bone, pork chop among the best, but at most the food is 3.5 stars. Something was missing.  Nice try
Not being a meat-eater, I decided to order the fish and chips. The fish was just ok; I have definitely had much better upscale fish and chips. While I love fries cooked with truffle oil, my French fries tasted like they had been fried in old, rancid oil. . The worst part of the meal was the fact that our plates were taken away before we were done eating! We still had utensils in hand, chewing, etc. Three or 4 busboys /waiters descended upon our table so quickly, we didn't have time to say "WAIT or STOP!" before everything was taken away. No one EVER asked us if we were finished eating, and it was pretty obvious that we were not. . I have always enjoyed watching Hell's Kitchen and other Gordon Ramsay shows. After this dining experience, I've lost my taste for them as well.
I tend to avoid writing negative reviews due to respect for the hard work and diligence from all the people who gain their living from an establishment. Unfortunately, our experience with the food at Gordon Ramsay's Steak was so disappointing that I feel it is a disservice to other readers not to post a warning among all other high praise reviews. Take heed. Our party lives and knows food [ successful home chefs] as well as being globally well travelled. We appreciate how difficult it is to get a well seasoned and perfectly cooked dish out from a busy kitchen. Most diners are oblivious, we are acutely aware of the skills required.  My chicken entree was visually delightful, but as dry as the sands at Death Valley. Really? It had to be washed down with water. I gave 3/4 of it to my husband to finish.  A roasted chicken at Costco is more succulent and flavorful. I am not being flippant. Any grandmother can make a roasted chicken better than this one.  My husband's salmon was cooked perfectly and was of a superior type of salmon [ apologies to my Scandinavian  friends who know immediately] . However, it fell miserably flat as far as seasoning. [ We went to another restaurant in LA 2 days later who produced a seasoned salmon which made my husband genuflect in reverence]. The 3rd member of our party did throughly enjoy his short ribs. Bravo to the person who cooked it that evening [ 8/1/12]. Each of us found it personally offensive to be charged extra for a sauce option for any of the steak entrees. Diners beware. A filet mignon priced outlandishly high, demands an additional charge for any sauce. To our favorite Chicago Steak house restaurant readers, your eyeballs will pop out of your heads with dismay.. . The restaurant atmosphere was exquisite. Kudos to the designer. Our service was impeccable. That stated, I will eat in a hole in the wall for well crafted food. Sadly, Gordon Ramsey's Steak is a place we shall sharply avoid during our next trip to Vegas.
Let me start this off by saying my review should be a little bit biased. I was an invited guest of the casino, having dinner with employees of the casino, AND having the meal (along with my flight and stay) paid for by the casino. If we received any special treatment at Gordon Ramsay's, I shudder at the thought of the treatment of the average customer.. . The food, as everyone else says, is great. Sticky toffee pudding, beef wellington etc all wonderful. There's not much to add here.. . The service is some of the worst service I've received, in any restaurant, anywhere. To receive this level of service in a fine dining restaurant is a travesty. It took us an HOUR AND A HALF from our seated time to be served bread. . . The main reason for the one star is the spectacular handling of a terrible situation by our waiter, Dennis. After ordering (he neglected to ask), I told him I had a shellfish allergy. He said my order should be fine. My beef tortellini had some small pieces of fish next to it, so, I, assuming the best, took a bite. It tasted like scallops. When DENNIS came on by, I asked him what it was. The conversation follows:. . Dennis: "Oh yes, those are scallops.". Me: "...I have a shellfish allergy. I told you I have a shellfish allergy.". Dennis: "Well, just don't eat them.". Me: "It doesn't matter. I already did. They're right next to each other and I told you about it.". Dennis: "Oh, it wasn't cooked with it. You should be fine. Just don't eat it.". . and walked away.. . Thankfully, my allergy is mild and only makes me nauseous. I wasn't paying for the meal or I would've made a gigantic scene. No apologies were offered. In fact, that was the last we heard of it.
Walked in at 5:30 hoping to grab an early table with my fiance.. we were told nothing was available. we asked if there was a wait list for cancellations or missed reservations and was told in a very arrogant manor "we are fully committed for tonight and tomorrow night as well, you can try and eat at the bar".. . We agreed and made our way in... what a madhouse. at least a half dozen other parties walking around circling like vultures watching people eat judging how long they would be. Even if I like the idea of playing musical chairs to get a table i defiantly wouldn't want to be hassled the entire time I was eating by others doing the same. . The worst part of it was the dining room was half empty. What a joke.. . The staff I spoke to was extremely rude and the bar area was one of the most disorganized places I've seen in vegas. Had vibe I would describe as sheer panic.. . I used to have a lot of respect for Chef Ramsey... he talks a lot about quality of food and service but before I could even try the food the service left a bad taste in my mouth. I'm sure I will give this place another try with a proper reservation but for now when people ask me this place is somewhere to avoid.
Can't tell you how much I was looking forward to the Dinner at GRS.  Now, let me let you know why it is a must avoid.. . Steak-  Ordered Mid-Rare and that is how it was cooked.  However, the steak was tougher than Chuck Norris on Steroids.  . Sides-  Roasted Fingerling Potatoes.  These were good, but the fingerling does not roast as well as others.  And I hate purple potato used for roasting.(they look aweful).               Mac and Cheese.   Not much flavor here.  Very bland..               Fried Green Beans.   Theses were tasty.  A bit salty, but I like that..               Onion Soup.   Tasty.  Too small of a portion..               Shrimp Cocktail.  This was possibly the worst i've ever had.  No flavor and  .               completely over-cooked.. . Drink-  Rusty Nail.  Bartender nailed this.  Pun intended.. . Side Note:  My girlfriend's cousin ordered a Ribeye Mid-Rare WITHOUT char and it came out looking like mine.....COVERED IN CHAR.... . All in all.... Not a good experience.  The steak should have shined and it was no where close.. . Side Note 2:  The designer of the restaurant should be commended.  The interior was great.
Horrible reservations process! I called the Ceasars reservations line and was offered a time, the agent patched me thru to the restaurant phone which NEVER picked up. I called the reservation line again and was then given a direct number for the restaurant which still never picked up. On my 3rd call to the reservation line, all the 8 available slots for the day I wanted were gone in a matter of 10 minutes time. On my final call to book a reserv for my birthday, the agent was able to book the spot directly....are u kidding me?!? Why didn't they do that in the first place for the time and date I wanted? Ridiculous system. Not a way to encourage repeat local patrons to return to your property!
My friend took me here for dinner. Everyone who wrote a great review for this place is a wannbe foodie. Foodies' taste and discernment cannot be obtained overnight. It is lifetime of eating fine food. I would take a wild guess here that most of the reviewers for Gordon Ramsey don't know what good food is.. This placed confirmed for me that British food sucks. My friend and I had drinks at the bar, I ordered the Pimm's Cup which was awful. From the pic you'd think it would be fruity and tasty but it was far from that.. When the hostess came to sit us. She said, "We are now leaving Paris and entering London." What the hell! The last I looked we are still in the USA. The "art" that she was pointing to was awful. One of the neon bulbs was out so much for art with the British flag as the background.. I ordered veal chops, you'd think that they could have made a decent veal - but I had to remind myself that British folks can't cook. I ordered it medium rare and I had a tough time cutting it with their steak knife. The waiter's excuse was that the veal should have been cooked longer. What the "F"? Cook longer? I like my veal medium rare. Everything was so salty. It was similar to pouring a jar of salt in your mouth.  It didn't matter which dish was ordered. Even their haricot verts was salty. How can you f that up? The foie gras was horrible as well - you guessed it - it was so salty.. The next night I took my friend to Le Cirque quite the opposite of Gordon Ramsey's. The food was superb as always. The service was impeccable. When in doubt go for French food. I have to remind myself that french folks can cook some incredible meals.
Called to make reservations for a group.   I was told a manager would call me back.  I never received a call.  I was passing by so I stopped and spoke with the hostess standing outside the restaurant.  She told me he could not find my name anywhere but a manager called me and my phone must not be working.  I asked to speak with a manager.   She told me I could not speak with a manager but she would take my number.  The girl was obviously over her head and overwhelmed.  My bottom line is this......if you cannot manage reservations how can you prepare a top class meal.
Not only is Gordon Ramsay a joke, so is the food and service. If I could give this place zero stars... I would. Unfortunately it was the only 'nice' option at our time for our bachelor party. This place will be out of business in less than a year like so many of Ramsay's 'saved' restaurants. Don't come here... Terrible! Btw, the ladies Are tasty though!
We sat in the tavern to check out the place. We ordered the small fish and chips. Small is a understatement. The fish, the size of 3 small fish sticks on a bed of what tasted like the inside of a dirty fish tank. It was greasy and horribly fishy tasting. It came with a shot glass of French fries. Yes about 6 French fries total. I should have sent back the way over priced dish, but it was just a taste of food, what would I have sent back? 3 fries and 1 fish stick?. I did notice that there are over 300 great reviews, I hope the rest of the food is far better. So my advice is don't have the fish and chips or the less expensive ($12) glasses of wine.
All hype and no substance. Our reservation was secured by the concierge at the Four Seasons and we were assured that GR Steak was 'the hot restaurant'. Upon arrival, our party of 4 was ushered to the bar area for what was supposed to be a 10 minute wait. 45 minutes later, our table was ready. Needless to say, we were ready to eat. Only a waiter never materialized. Odd, considering all the staff floating about. Another 10 minutes without any staff interaction and we were on to plan 'b'. Thank you Four Seasons and Mesa Grill for saving the evening!
So far I am absolutely horrified at the level of customer service I received in attempting to make a reservation at Steak!. . I have a group of 15 traveling to Vegas in late August, to celebrate our 40th birthdays, and at least 11, if not all 15 of us have decided that we want to culminate our trip by dining at Gordon Ramsay's Steak!. . First of all, I have been unsuccessful at every attempt to reach someone actually at the restaurant. I have tried to contact the hotel, and I just get forwarded to the reservations line, which in turn directs me to Ceasar Groups 'Citywide Group Sales'.. . I must say, this is where things took a turn for the worst. Ihave been dealing with representative Wendy Demay, for nearly 48 hrs now. . . To make an incredibly long story short, Wendy was only interested in selling me a 'Group' package, where we were required to sign a contract, pay 50% up front, have limited access to the menu, limited access to the bar selections, and where we would be unable to order anything else from the menu whatsoever! Even if we agreed to the contract !!!. .  I explained to Wendy several times, that we were not interested in ordering from a 'fixed' menu. Instead of offering up options, or compromises, or even offering to contact the restaurant herself to see if there was anything she could do to help, she refused to, claiming that this is the only option, the way that it is, take it or leave it.. . She claims that Steak cannot accommodate a party of this size and deliver the standard of service it prides itself on.. . It is my contention that if the restaurant can handle two separate parties of 7 or 8 on the same night, at the same time with access to the full bar and dinner menus, then why on earth can it not handle one party of 12-14 ??. . Furthermore, this dinner is going to run us about $5000, if I'm gonna spend that kinda coin on a meal... I want to drink the wine I want to drink... order the appetizers I want to order.. and most definitely I want to order the steak I want to order !!!!! I don't expect to be told what I am allowed to eat and drink.. . Lastly, I expected a much higher level of customer service coming, not only from, a Gordon Ramsay restaurant, but Ceasar Groups sales force! Ms. Wendy Demay was not very helpful whatsoever, she did not offer any assistance, and was very unwilling to do anything other than push the 'Group Sales Contract'. Her lack of hospitality certainly does not leave me with  a very favorable first impression of the restaurant!. . Hopefully my attempts today to contact someone directly at the restaurant will be better. . . I gotta say, so far I am very disappointed! I expected much more!
I'm only giving Gordon Ramsay Steak 1-star because 0 isn't an option.  Gordon Ramsey should be ashamed of this restaurant bearing his name - he should have been in the restaurant screaming at his staff that they were failures like you see on TV, as in this case, they were.. . I went to Gordon Ramsay Steak with a friend to celebrate his birthday.  Unfortunately, I was horribly disappointed.. . The disappointment started when we were seated.  We originally had a reservation for 6 people, however only 5 showed.  Well, they seated us at a table meant for 4.  I might expect this had we brought an extra person, but we actually brought one less person than our reservation was for.  Given that this is supposed to be a high-end restaurant, that's downright unacceptable.. . Moving on, I was going to order a drink.  Their drink menu is on an iPad, which as a techie, I thought was neat in concept, except the menu was broken and I couldn't actually use it.  Oh well.  No drink.. . Next up was the appetizers.  I ordered Ravioli.  Never did I envision that when ordering Ravioli, I would get one, singular, ravioli.  Yes, it was a larger than normal ravioli, but for $13, I expected 2 or 3, not just one.  It wasn't bad, but wasn't particularly amazing, either.. . On to the main course.  The cuts of meat were good. however the side dishes were just OK.  They used butter and fat as a crutch, and weren't actually good by design - they were just buttered up to taste good.. . Finally the check comes.  There is a $45 cookbook on the check.  Throughout the entire night, there was never a discussion of a cookbook, we did not ask for one, the waiter did not offer one, nor did we receive one.  It's possible it could have been an honest mistake, but given how bad the experience was overall, I'm not inclined to give them the benefit of the doubt.. . After we get the cookbook removed, the check for 5 people was a bit over $700.  No wine was ordered - that was just the cost of food.  I'm not complaining about the price (I knew it wasn't a cheap restaurant before going) - I'm complaining about how bad the food/service was given the price.  I truly believe I would have been happier had we gone to TGI Friday's and paid $700 for our meal at TGIF than here.  . . This restaurant is a joke - even if I was offered a free meal there, I'm not sure I would go back.  Don't waste your time or money going here.
The hubs and I spent a week in Vegas in October 2012.  With so many options in LV, we were looking forward to some amazing food and a great time.  For the most part we were not disappointed, until we went to Gordon Ramsay Steak on our last evening in town.. . We arrived at the restaurant 15 minutes prior to our 9pm reservation (which we had made 2 months in advance).  The hostess didn't bother to look up from her book when we checked in with her.  She rudely pointed out that we were early and that we'd be seated at our reservation time.  We proceeded to the bar where we had a few beers.  Our bartender was very warm and attentive (the only good part of the visit).  While at the bar we watched many couples/groups come in after us that were seated after a minimal wait.  At 9:30 I checked in with the hostess again.  She once again did not look up from her book and simply told me we'd be seated once our table was ready.  At 9:45 we had still not been seated (again, our reservation was for 9pm).  I can certainly understand a wait at a restaurant, but I didn't appreciate that everyone around us was being seated and we were not.  We asked the bartender to close our tab and we were prepared to leave.  However, she went and spoke to the hostess and all of a sudden our table was ready.  We contemplated leaving anyway, but decided to stay.  We were seated upstairs and, to my surprise, there were many empty tables.  . . Once seated it took our server another 20 minutes to show up.  Before placing our order my husband mentioned having a food allergy.  To be clear, he never asks for a plate to be modified, he simply asks if the dish he is ordering is safe for him to eat, so that otherwise he can order something else.  The server seemed extremely annoyed that he had to deal with this.. . At the end of the day my husband had a filet and i had the short ribs.  My husband was impressed with his meal, but my short ribs were very gristly.  Unfortunately though, it really wouldn't have mattered if the food had been mind-blowing.  Poor service is just unacceptable to me, especially at an expensive restaurant.  We just wanted to get out of there, so we finished our meals and left, no dessert.. . We had been so excited to eat at Gordon Ramsay Steak, I wish it had been different.  We were treated like we should have been grateful to eat there.  We will not be going back.  Too many great options in LV to put up with this nonsense.
Just a heads up, this review is not meant to come of snobby by any means.  I am not a food critic, but I've definitely been to a lot of steakhouses and I can say this is the worst one I have been too.. . First, I am not the type of person who gets hyped for main-stream celebrities so when I heard this place was opening up I rolled my eyes.  However when my friend came to town a big fan of all his shows I figured we'd go since I did hear some pretty good reviews.. . First and foremost making a reservation was a pain, I called a month in advance and they said the only times they had were 5:00 and 9:30.  I'm sorry, i know popular places fill up fast, but people are not that on top of reservations in November to plan ahead.  Finally after personally visiting the hostess stand 2-weeks prior, I was able to get it bumped to 6PM.  it looks like finally the place is on Opentable so maybe that will solve that problem.. . Upon arrival, the eye rolling began.  As we walked into the restaurant the hostess said "This tunnel you are walking through transports you from Paris to London".  Next we admired what I would describe as  a tangled neon sign in the sky as the hostess explained "This art represents the hand motions Chef Ramsey makes while preparing his signature beef wellington".  We were than seated maybe 4 feet apart from another table, I saw this consistency across the dining floor and it began to occur to me this was more like a "turn and burn" cafe than fine intimate dining.. . The waiter asked if we preferred sparkling or still water, when I said "still" he said nothing else and later brought a bottle of water to the table.  I assumed the red bottle was a decorative carafe, however I found out later on the check that it was an $8 of water.  I believe most places ask the follow-up after the water type with "Tap or Bottled" but this was not the case. . . One tacky thing I noticed on the menu is that each item lists two prices, the normal price and the "Total Rewards" price.  I think the difference was about a buck and item, so I'm not sure why they didn't just put something at the bottom saying "Total Rewards members receive X% off" but they didn't and it makes the menu look unprofessional. . . Some people may like this, but I thought it was a little pointless when they wheeled the all the cuts of meat out and went through what each one was.  I can see where this is great for beginners, but I don't think it fits a fine dining setting.  That being said it looked like many of the patrons thought it was acceptable to wear a baseball hat and jeans into the restaurant.  I'm not saying you always have to "suit up" but it's not like you're going to McDonalds on your lunch break.. . My friend and I decided on splitting the porterhouse steak.  I'll admit that several of the pieces I had were good, but I had about 3 pieces which were either really burnt and crunchy or a ton of fat.  The size also seemed like a rip-off, at $100 "for two" there really wasn't a lot, in fact I think the $50 Porterhouse at most places is bigger.. . For a side we got the $10 heirloom potatoes.  I'm not going to put much weight into knocking the size, as it's tiny at any fancy place you go.. . Maybe I went wrong and got the wrong steak and instead should have ordered the beef wellington.  Maybe my preconceived notions of it being a celebrity TV chef and all the touristy things the hostess explains put me in a bad mindset.  But overall I have no want to ever come back here again.
First time at gordan Ramsey's steak here in Vegas, was impressed with the overall look and design and atmosphere of the place but the quality of service and attentiveness was below what I would've expected from a restaurant of this caliber and notoriety. Had to seat myself down by the bar and wait nearly 15 minutes before any of the wait staff even came to me. Them had to wait another 15 minutes for my drink order. I realize it was busy when I arrived but still feel it was a bit too long for my drink. Only got checked on about twice during my entire 2 hours I stayed and felt the staff were paying more attention to the other guests. It's such a shame since I'm a big regular at Ramsey's other restaurants as a huge fan of his but I'm afraid I may not ever come back here again or recommend to my friends family and business associates.
Had I read Cameron's review on here before I made this reservation, I might have saved my money and spent it on a better experience.  Cameron's review is so completely spot-on to what we went through, it is sad.. . We arrived about ten minutes ahead of our reservation and checked-in.  They asked if we wanted to be seated, so we thought, "why not" because we had a show in about two hours and figured better safe than sorry.  Apparently "being seated" means just that because literally no one came over for the next ten minutes - no menu, no water, just sitting there like assholes.  And, although the walk to the table was all of maybe 50 feet, we apparently looked like we might get lost or fall because not one, but two hookers, I mean hostesses, had to accompany us and give us the speech about the "journey" and the art installation.  I am all for having the ladies look nice, but v point hems directing you to their hoo ha and barely covering their rear is not classy.. . We finally got the drink i-pad and saw you could "select" your choices on there - because you might "forget" between the huge gap in time between when you get it and when the waiter actually comes back to take the order.  And we also were not told that the still water was bottled and for a fee, not that we cared about the cost, but it is tacky not to inform the customer.. . The bread selections are pretentious as well - lemony focaccia and the like.  All were super dry and I would have been happier with simple rolls or bread.. . The biggest laugh was with the roll out of the meat cart.  For a man who criticizes every restaurant he "saves" on television for their "gimmicks", he sure has plenty of his own.  Believe me, if you are eating at a place like this and don't know your meat already, looking at it raw is not going to mean anything to you.. . We ordered (half dozen oysters, lamb duet, haricot vert, carrots, bone marrow, pork belly, prime filet) and then I spilled my drink because the cocktail glasses are so large around that you cannot possibly get a good grip.  NO ONE CAME OVER!!  I guess you have to actually break the glass (like someone next to us) before someone will do something.  I cleaned up the spill with the husband's napkin, placing ice on my bread plate and that sat there until the final moments of the meal and we had to ask for another napkin.  We also had to continually ask for more bottles of water and to get the drink i-pad back to order something else.  Seriously?  Are you not out to make money?  Was our $300 meal not enough for you?  Did we do something to offen the ghost of Gordon (who apparently only comes in once every two months or so and was "busy" at MGM Grand that night - hopefully learning a thing or two about good service and food at Craftsteak). . The meal itself was split - husband said the green salsa on his marrow was bad, they should have just put sea salt on it.  He did like the filet.  My lamb was overcooked, tough and plain awful.  The shepherd's pie was also way too salty and other than that had no taste.  The oysters were the balndest things I have ever had, even with the "champagne mignette" or cocktail sauce added.  Carrots hd a curry added to them and the green beans were literally the best part of my meal - how sad.. . When we got the dessert menu, I almost laughed aloud.  The selections on there reminded me of things you expect out of a cheap chain with carrot cake and I am not kidding here - banoffee pie.  I told the husband not to waste more of his money on this poor excuse for a dessert selection and we attempted to get the check.  The server - who had been MIA for a LONG time at this point, was "SHOCKED" that we didn't order anything, not even coffee - which I know because he shared this with the assistant server literally two steps away from our table.  I was willing him to ask me about it so I could lay into him.. . We also had the lovely experience of seeing the floor manager "radio" to the front about our table (I know we were 42 because it was on the check) saying "five minutes on 42" - when we were not even done with our drinks and had just paid the check two second before.  Gee, it was before 8 and we had a 6:15 reservation, I am sorry if we are taking up your space.. . Don't waste your time or money on this garbage.  I will never be able to watch his shows again and the husband, who was a true fan, was totally disappointed in what was supposed to be the highlight of our trip.
Recently, my husband and I made a trip to Las Vegas. Since we are huge fans of Gordon Ramsay, we made reservations at his "Gordon Ramsay Steak" restaurant, in the Paris hotel. .  . My husband wrote a great review of our experience but it wouldn't fit here.  So this is the condensed version.  We had a reservation on a Thursday night for 8:15.  We arrived on time and were told by the woman in front that it would be 10-15 minutes.  Go wait in the bar.  No I'm sorry, nothing, not even a smile when we walked up to her.  We were later told by a manager her name was Danielle.. . We went into the bar and it was packed and had to stand.  15 minutes later a couple that had an 8:15 reservation left and we took their seats and ordered a drink.  My husband went to check with Danielle who held up her hand in an impatient "stop talking" manner,  and informed my husband "You are the next to be seated". Then immediately turned her back on him.. . Then the people next to us who had an8:30 reservation were seated.  I got up to talk to Danielle who was quite rude to me as well and informed me that "someone" was in there looking for us.  Apparently when you arrive Danielle writes down what you look like and when it's your turn to be seated she gives your description to a young girl who has to come in an find you.. . Finally a young girl got us, at 9:00 for an 8:15 reservation.   I'm sure Danielle had forgotten about us and couldn't be bothered to apologize for her error.  We told the young woman you got us how displeased we were.  She had nothing to say and looked very uncomfortable.  We were seated and at this point I told my husband I just wanted to pay for our drinks and talk to the manager.  The waiter came and we told him, he apologized, first person to do so.  Then another man came up we told him the whole story, nope he was not the manager.  Finally the manager came up and by this time we were really upset.  He offered us a table near the kitchen.  There was no way I was going to spend several hundred dollars on dinner.  We had to repeat we just wanted our check, he comped us for the drinks.. . So be aware, reservations mean nothing at GR Steak. We watch all of Gordan's shows, he always preaches STANDARDS.  Apparently he needs to teach some to Danielle and the hostesses of GR steak.
This place is not worth it! Don't come here! If I had the chance to yell at the chef like Gordon does I would! Go next door to the food court the pizza is much better and you won't spend an arm and a leg! I'd give my arm to have this 45 mins back and go to the pizza line!
This steakhouse was a  hellish disappointment.  The music was so loud, I had to scream at my date or not talk at all.  Normally I order a nice bottle of napa valley wine to go with my meal.Well with the music so loud, I lost my desire to indulge. So they lost a $150 plus sale. I ordered a $14.00 cocktail. The blue bread dishes had smudgeson it.  I ordered by steak medium, it came out rare and over salted.  Then the song Anarchy by the Sex Pistols came on , so I felt guilty eating a $50 piece of meat.  The side dishes came in tin cups, like the ones my toddlers used play with.  The loaded baked potato was unloaded and flavorless. They did not offer fresh black pepper on my caesar salad. The waiters had arrogant attitudes, like we shouldn't complain, because this a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  I have experienced and tasted way better steak meals in Vegas. My meal experience would have been a great tv episode. Maybe Gordon shoud have been in the kitchen.
I would not recommend this place due to its lame services and overpriced food. . . I have been to several good restaurants in other places and was expecting at least similar level of services since I have been impressed with the shows of Gordon Ramsay. However, I was disappointed. . . The server was not available during the meal. He was not checking whether we wanted any more water for at least 20 minutes. I felt ignored and not happy. Secondly, the server left us with the Hell kitchen menu for at least 10-15 minutes. Also when we already wanted to check out, he still insist that we look at the desert menu. . . I will not come back to this place.
Arrogant!  NOT A CUSTOMER FRIENDLY EXPERIENCE, nor a restaurant I would ever visit again.. . A group of us were looking forward to trying Gordon Ramsay's restaurant Stake for the first time on a recent visit to Las Vegas, we were very disappointed with what occurred. When we arrived in the not so busy restaurant we were sat at the bar for 5 min. before we were ushered to our table.  . . Once seated our waitress arrived with menus and a special VERY MUCH RECOMENDED tasting menu.  We discussed it and decided to try the tasting menu and wine pairing a $175 pp option not including tax or tip.  When we told the waitress that I do not eat beef (there was one item on the tasting menu that contained beef) and asked if we could have the chef substitute a fish dish or some other non-beef dish she flatly told us no.  We asked what if other four had the tasting menu and I would order instead off the menu, again we were told NO.  We asked to see the manager, a young lady came to the table and again said there is nothing they can do about this, she confirmed  it is true as few as two can share the tasting menu but it is served only to the entire table or nothing.  Because of this lack of accommodation and customer service we got up and left and all agreed never to go to another of Gordon Ramsay's establishments. What ever happened to the customer is always right?  This was a very disappointing experience and certainly a very customer unfriendly place. In this day and age it is amazing to find such a lack of customer concern, not to mention the $1000 meal they turned down, guess it is great to be independent and not need or care about business lost. I have but one word for the entire experience, Arrogant.
Private room, party of 10- service was terrible.  Food yummy.  If you are ok with having to find your server more than twice... This is for you.
This review is not about the steaks, only the bar eats. MISERABLE! Fish and chips were a sad excuse, GR should be ashamed to call himself British. And tossing 5 dried up gnocchi on a plate with arugula was laughable. After trying a 9 course tasting at GRs London in LA, we were willing to give it a try, but dIne elsewhere if you are looking for light apps.
We watch Gordon Ramsay all the time and were so excited to have a reservation in one of restaurants - so disappointed. First, the two people in the front couldn't find our reservation. They were staring and staring and staring at the screen and not answering our questions. I think their tight clothes were reducing the blood flow in their brains. We then remembered that American Express sent us an e mail that day reminding us of our reservation. We found that and showed it to them and voila - they found our reservation. The lady who took us to our table in the second floor was charming. Our waiter was very good - half Japanese and half Spanish. His assistant didn't seem to want to work that day - maybe it has been a long day. I don't think the food was at Gordon Ramsay's standard. Anyway, we went to Jean Georges Steak House in Aria Resort the next day and were very pleased. We were told by friends who frequent Las Vegas to go to Jean Georges but we love Gordon Ramsay and had to try his restaurant. We will not go back.
0 stars.  Asked if we wanted truffles.  Said yes and they added it to ALL ten of our dishes for an extra $150 charge.  What?!?  They couldn't tell us the upcharge in advance?!?  I'm very upset. This is underhanded.  Will never come back.  Watch out for this scam.  I felt like I was in a foreign country and was taken advantage of.
If I had I choice I would personally have given them a 0 star rating.  It was that horrible of an experience. I have been to many upscale restaurant and watching all of Gordon Ramsay's show. I am usually glued to his tv shows watching how great of a chef he is and the service he expects his teams to provide. . . We traveled all the way from Arizona to celebrate my boyfriend and his buddies birthday at Gordon Ramsay steakhouse. This was the only reason we traveled all the way to las vegas. We had high expectations and heard so many great things about the restaurant.  . . First off, it started by the multiple attempts to try to make reservstions. I had to call atleast 5 times with multiple run arounds. The first time, the reservation line told me I had to talk to special reservation since I had a party of 8. They provided me with a number. This number they provided me could not take reservations for less than 10. So then I call the reservation line again. The reservstion line tells me they cannot take reservations for more than 6. They told me I had to talk to the restaurant. So I ask them for a number. The reservation line tells me they don't have a number.  They tell me they can transfer me. So they do and I end up back at the same reservation line again. After about 3 attempts of transferring they provided me a number for a manager. I was irritated already at this point. However, I continued to try over and over because this was for my boyfriend and our friends birthday. Finally, I got in touch with a manager.  When I spoke to themanager and made the reservation I confirmed with the manager atleast 3 times if this was Gordon Ramsay Steak inside of Paris hotel. The mamager reassured that I was talking to the manager at Gordon Ramsay Steak. She even guaranteed me the reservation was there and not to worry that she had it taken care. I took her word for it and thought after this horrible reservation experience everything was going to be great. . . Forward time a month later..we show up at the restaurant to find out the reservation as the staff claimed was made at the wrong restaurant. The restaurant also never even called to confirm our reservation for saturday night. Most restaurants call the day before to confirm. Had they called I would have known there was a "mix up" and made arrangements or gone to the correct restaurant...as they claimed I was absolutely wrong.  I had no Gordon Ramsay even had a pub and grill. We get to the restaurant and we are told the reservations were made at the pub and grill. I asked how is this possible I told the manager I was reassured and guaranteed that I was talking to the manager at the steak restaurant.  The GM happened to be standing there..I believe his name was JP. He was beyond rude. He did not once apologize for the mix up. Blamed it completely on me and stated that his staff would never do such a thing and I was absolutely wrong and had no idea what I was talking about. He kept trying to give me a confirmation number.  Great that you have a confirmation number but what is this going to do? The fact was..the "GM" who I could almost bet should have been hired for great service provided the worst service I have ever seen in a high end restaurant.  The GM could have handled this is very many different ways. Had he offered to even call the other restaurant to let them know we were on the way or even apologized for a mix up that would have been fine and I would have appreciated the help. The fact that he just continued to blame me and give me a snooty stuck up attitude that was terrible and made us feel as though we were not good enough for his restaurant. Words can't even explain how he talked to us and how unbelieve the "GM" was. I have never been so upset before. I have managed restaurants before..I also come from 12 years of customer service jobs. I can reassure you my friends and family will never be back to any Gordon Ramsay chain of restaurant.  We were extremely disappointed and let down by this experience.  Especially after traveling all the way from arizona to celebrate and eat at Gordon's restaurant.
Made reservations here and by the time we got there, they had messed up and couldn't get us in whatsoever!  The general manger and hostess were the bitchest and rudest service I've ever dealt with.  Even if they apologized or somehow showed that they cared, then it would be fine....but NOPE not even a sorry was ever mentioned!!!  Even though this place have gotten good reviews, I will never come back to give it a try.  Sorry Gordon Ramsey, you guys have just lost quite a few customers and will definitely spread the words to our friends and families!!  Suckaaaa!
We were looking very much forward to dining at one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants, so when last in Vegas, we made reservations here at Goron Ramsay's Steak at Paris, Las Vegas. When we showed up, we were immediately seated - nice - but after being lead through this weird "tunnel thing", whilst the hostess said some cheesy line like, "you're now leaving Paris and are now in London", followed by her directing our sight to this weird, red neon light on the ceiling and said something even cheesier, like "and this is to remind you of Gordon Ramsay in the kitchen"... STRANGE! Then we were lead to the worst table in the house, next to the elevator from one floor to the other, and with a view to the bussing station sink. Uh, NO! I think not at these prices! So, we asked to be reseated. 10 minutes later, the same hostess comes over to the bad table and leads us to an equally bad table, and says, "this table is available, or you can wait another 15-20 minutes for something better". Uh, NO! So, we left and had a wonderful diner, with a wonderful view of the Bellagio fountains and the strip at the restaurant at the top of the Eifel Tower. Gordon, HINT: get rid of the cheesy entry and bad neon light, and please don't seat me at a bad table, cuz otherwise, this is what you get. LATER!
Got a reservation a few months back.  Excellent seat as my husband's a Diamond with Caesar's.  Great service and great food.  Here's the reason for the 1 star:. At the end of service we presented the Diamond card and told the service we wanted to use the comps.  We all know how long it takes to earn $300 in comps!. . The server came back and said the card did not work. He could not use the comps so I put it on a credit card.  A month later we were able to find out through Caesars they did in fact take the comps off the account!  They were paid twice for the meal!. . So after a few back and forths the restaurants says they can't do anything.  They don't see the comps.  I have the record for them taking my credits AND my credit card receipt.  RIDICULOUS!. . I love Ramsay's burger place and did love this until I learned what a bunch of scam artists they are.  So disappointed!!. . All in all I paid over $600 for the meal. For a $300 meal it was good; not for twice that.  . . Gordon, who do you have running this place?  As a Vegas local who goes to nice restaurants on the strip several times a month, this is not one I will be returning to.  I'll do Carnevino or Holmstead.  Better service and not scammers.
