We saw this on a couple years ago on Valentines day with another couple. Biggest waste of money in Vegas. Sub par acrobatics, weak and boring plot line to the so called "story". I should have listened to others who warned me. There are much better shows for the same price....
Too much of a play and not enough circus. I've seen 2 traveling Cirque shows that blows this out of the water. Besides the peg wall and the end where the guy is running on the ball, this show is very boring. I fell asleep 2 different times and the other 3 people I was with were extremely disappointed.
An utter waste of time and money.   KA wasn't at all what I expected, and not in a good way.  Pity, because this was the first Cirque du Soleil show I went to see live, and it was a terrible misfire.  All the other shows I've seen (on TV) were full of "wow..." and "holy cow!" moments.  They blended stunning visuals, music and artistry with the most amazing physical feats.  But the physicality anchored the show.  The rest were adornments.  KA has stunning visuals, music, impressive technology of moving and morphing stages and backdrops, and.... that's about it.  It's not anchored by cool acrobatics, at least no more than you'd see in any high school gymnastics class.   . .  That's too bad, because we went in with so much enthusiasm and anticipation.  The theater itself is highly stylized, thick with ambience, and creates a strong sense of a different time and place [though I wasn't a fan of the speakers in the seat.... too distracting and gimmicky].   Once the show started, I felt increasingly trapped in an endless holding pattern, waiting and wondering when the good stuff was going to start .  It never did.  . . One particularly painful interlude was the depiction of a ship in a stormy sea.  Wow, they milked that one to death, long after it had gone dry.  The theatrical representation of a ship roiling went on and on and on and on, interminably, with the only thing happening being people being tossed out of the ship into the water, one by one, anticlimactically.  Nope, it's no fun sitting there watching what is essentially one of those swinging Viking ship rides at the amusement park.  For five minutes.. . The story line itself was dull, uncompelling, tortured by cliche, but we don't go to see Cirque du Soleil for their story lines.  But given that I already felt short-changed by the show, the story line added to my annoyance because it was yet another indicia of how boring KA was.   The only time a genuinely delighted smile came on my face was during the damn, non sequitur hand puppet shadow play interlude.  Yeah, I'm embarrassed that was the highlight of the show for me, but it's the only time I thought "cool, that takes some skill."  Sad but true.. . The star of the show was the stage.  All the breathtaking feats of human physical strength, agility,  grace, synchronization, movement, transformation, endurance you would expect were replaced by a high tech, multitasking stage and plays on light.  The actors were there to frame and demonstrate for you how amazing the stage was.  It should be the other way around, no?  Yawn.. . The glowing reviews here are misleading.  Yes, KA could be an entertaining stage show.  No, it's not a Cirque du Soleil show.   Maybe I missed some grand finale, because after about an hour I could take no more and walked out.  At the end of the day, there's a reason why KA tickets were on a 25% off sale.  Buyer beware.
I agree 100% with Deco G's review on 5/16/11.  I saw the show 2 yrs ago and have seen several Cirque shows.  We kept waiting for it to get better and wish we had walked out and demanded our money back.  I can only say if you have never seen a good Cirque de Soleil performance, you would find this slightly interesting because its not something you have ever seen before. Don't waste your money, really, there are so many other things to see that are better.
Highly disappointed. I have seen several shows to include travelling shows and Ka has got to be my least favorite of the Cirque du Soleil. I feel like it wasn't to the standard Cirque has set for its shows. . . I do not blame the actors, they did their part. The show just needs a trip back to the drawing board.  However, there were a couple of very memorable scenes but they could not save the show. . . My boyfriend fell asleep and he is a bigger fan of the shows then me. Also, judging by the audinence's reaction I can say that the majority of people were unimpressed as well. Very little clapping and zilch awe's and oh's. . . There are built in speakers in the seats. Probably to keep you alert, which you will definitely need when watching this show. Unfortunately, it was not enough to keep my bf awake. . . Upon entry into the theatre it looks as though some crazy shit is gonna  go down. There are several huge columns on either side from floor to ceiling but don't let that fool you, actors do a bit of swinging between the different levels, that's pretty much it. . . Maybe if this is your first Cirque show you would be in love, but as for this girl I can say I am not. I wish I could recommend this show; it doesn't make me feel good to write a negative review... it just wasn't for me or the boyfriend.. . Side note: Was the music and singing live? Not that it would have saved the show, but it is what I have come to expect when seeing these shows. .
We went on 8/10/11 at 9:30 pm show.  Wow, KA suck!  That is the only Wow they gonna get from me.  We wasted our time and energy.  KA was a big, all capital D, DISAPPOINTMENT.  I rated the show one star for stage, theater, and the costumes.  everything else about the show was not rateable, haha.  I wanted to rate lower but I'm reasonable.  I'm embarrassed to say I spent $137 per ticket for three, wife and son came along, spending over $400.  Bullshit!  I even have to apologized to wife and son how SUCK the show was.  The show doesn't live up to a Cirque and Vegas caliber.  The show is so overrated by fellow Yelpers and in Vegas.  If you get free tickets and want to relax from the day of sightseeing of Vegas, then go, because the theater is nice cool with comfortable seats, haha.. . The show started off slow and continued to be slow.  I was waiting for the climax and continued to wait, nothing happen.  Oh, before I forget, saw a couple in the front row walk off in the middle of the show.  We were in the third row center.  That how SUCK it was.  . . The martial art was poor.  I called it kids stuff, very embarrassing to the martial art world.  Acrobatically, were there any?  If you say, guys and girls running around and jumping around, Acrobat, then go see it.  The show has to be rewritten to last.  I don't think it will last 'til next year.  It did have a storyline buy so what.  Every other show has some kind of storyline.. . If you want a Vegas Cirque show, go see "O" at Bellagio.  It's a badass Cirque show.  Spend some money and get good seats between row 10 and 5 from the stage.  The next Cirque show if you want another Cirque show, then, go see La Reve at the Wynn.  La Reve was OK, nothing wows you.  "O" has that wow effects on you.  Everything about "O" has that wow effects from the theater to the show.  Trust me do not go see KA, wasting your time and cash.
This is one seriously boring show.  I do not know what show the other people that give this a great review are watching.  I fought the entire time to stay awake.  Even my GF couldn't take it anymore and we left before the show was over.. . If you are expecting some daredevil acrobatics and daredevil human tricks, you won't get it here.  At least not until the very end when they do the human hamster wheel.  But, by that time, even the human hamster wheel can't save you from total boredom.. . There is simply too much  modern dancing, storytelling, and nothing to keep you entertained.  The moving stage is amazing, but that does not make for a good show.  The storyline is impossible to follow.  If you don't believe me, go to wikipedia, read the storyline and then imagine if you could possibly get that from watching a show where nobody is talking.  WTF?. . This show sucked.  Simple as that.
WORST OF ALL THE CdS shows.. by farrrr the worst.. . first of all it's the largest of all the theaters by a long measure, so even though you're paying a lot for the ticket, it doesn't mean that you actually sit close at all.  forthe same money you could buy a ticket for O or Mystere or Love, sit in a theater half the size, and you could even sit in the balcony and still be closer then a premium seat at Ka.. . second of all.. the stunts are just terrible.. i see better stunts in a jet li movie, and at least there's no visible wires in the movie.  its really just terrible... the whole show is just a terrible chinatown parade mishmashed with asian martial arts demo.. seriously no artistry or amazing human feats at all..  might as well go see the circus circus midway shows for similar performances... . the only plus i give it.. is that compared to other CdS shows, this one actually has a plot and storyline.. but other then that it's really just a bad bad bad bad show..
Well, this is truly a yawner.  The show does have some great acrobats, but the story is hard to follow.  The moving stage gets old quickly.  Totally not worth the high ticket price.  I was disappointed.
That was just weak. Unimpressive stunts and a story written for children.. . I am amazed at how people can be impressed by this show. Extremely slow, boring and poor acrobatics. To be honest it looked more like stiff legged power rangers doing warm ups. . . The beach scene was just plain insulting and not at all funny or charming. My toes are still aching.... . Only positive thing I can say, is that the moving scene was impressive along with the room in general. Buy tickets for Love or O if you want to be impressed by Cirque du Soleil.. . The happy-disney-ending almost made me want to jump off a building.
This was my third Cirque show and I had high expectations for this show. As soon as you walk into the theater you get excited and just know this show is going to be great. After about 10 mins I was bored out of mind. The story was a little hard to follow and if youre expecting lots of flying, juggling, the normal Cirque stuff, this is not the show to see. If you get free tickets like I did, go ahead and see it, but I wouldve asked for a refund if I had paid.
I had to write to share my viewpoint especially after reading all of these great reviews on the show. I attended this show with my husband and our dear friends last night. We deliberately set out to see this show as the culmination of a fantastic week in Vegas. Unfortunately it was a huge disappointment! None of us enjoyed it though we had been looking forward to it all week long. It was sooooo boring. It takes place in a beautiful, but very dark theatre , the music was very dreary and somber, the acts were unimpressive, and the story was very difficult to follow. Our husbands fell fast asleep within the first ten minutes of the show, and my friend and I were definitely thinking about it. No one else around us seemed to be enjoying it. There were lots of empty seats all around us. I think people are beginning to realize there are so many other beautiful, upbeat, creative, and colorful shows to choose from in Vegas.  I am sorry to say I would be unable to recommend this show to anyone unless they really wanted to pay big money to snooze.
I love all the other Cirque shows and my wife and I were very excited to see KA.  . . It was bad.  Real bad.  I have no idea why anyone would rate this 4-5 stars.  The story line was non existent and there was very very little action.. . 'O' is one of the best shows I've ever seen.  This is not in that category or even close.. . KA gets a big thumbs down from my wife and I.
This was the most boring terrible cirque show ever ...save your money and spend it on something else ...dont know how anyone could stay awake it is so slow and no acrobatics in it ...just awful.....dont know what show some of theses people saw but my family and i SAW THIS SHOW ON JAN 3,2013 and I have to give it one star cause the app make me...mark
Wow... I was so disappointed.  I consider myself a Cirque snob as I have seen about a dozen of their road shows and I will only sit in the first five rows.  Minus one other show, I have always left in awe wondering how the heck those acrobats do what they do.  I was so excited about going to Ka as my boyfriend had never been to any Cirques and I talked it up so much. We sat in the front row but that did not help the show.  I was bored from the beginning but kept telling myself it had to get better!  My boyfriend actually fell asleep it was so dull.  I enjoy Cirque for their unsurpassed acrobatic abilities and this show had none.  Minus the death defying guy on the spinning wheel, nothing left me breathless as so many of their other shows have.  And on that note, we were talking to someone who went to Zarkana and he was talking about the same performance on the spinning wheel and how they made pictures out of sand.  Come on.... they have the same act in two shows and they have the sand images?  I saw that on America's Got Talent.  Cirque is SO above that.  I'm beginning to think Cirque just doesn't have the WOW factor left in them.
Worst Cirque I have ever seen. Good music and story but not your typical acrobatic genius seen in the other cirques ( O, Drallion, Nubia, etc). If this was my first cirque, it would have been my last. Eight seen and this is ranked last by far.
This show does not deserve the 4 stars it's received. Advertisements and people alike have convinced me to expect breath taking acrobatic stunts with all the "Ooo"s and Ahhh's" but it just doesn't deliver. The story line was non existent with absolutely no character development and most importantly it's BORING! The scenes consisted of 1 or 2 main actors performing in front of other characters while the others just stood around and watched. Why couldn't they sing along or bang a drum instead of feeding us sampled music from the directors iPod? The scenes were way too long and should be reduced by half, if not more. There's just no way I can watch one girl juggle two sticks for 20 minutes without questioning the integrity of the show. Do yourself a favor and skip this one. Go gamble, eat, drink, give money to the poor, anything.
Frustration.... . This will be a hard review to write, because it comes on the heels of a tragedy.  Most of us have heard by now of the tragic fall by the performer in the recent performance of KA, this, should not be ignored or taken lightly.  It is a sad thing and my prayers go out to the family of the performer including her performance family.  . . With that being said, something else needs to be said.  I had long put off seeing KA on my Vegas trips in deference to other Cirque shows...Love, O, Zarkana, Mystere, etc.  . . KA was always that show I denied because I wanted to leave myself KA, sort of like leaving that last bite on the plate of your favorite ingredients.  You're saving it for last because you know it will be the best.  . . But the accident apparently changed everything.  In lieu of what happened, Cirque changed the entire finale of their show from a high flying sword fight to a convoluted marriage ceremony featuring some truly horrible facial acting.  . . I wouldn't care about any of this had this been announced or stated in any way whatsoever when I was purchasing my expensive tickets.  You see, I purposefully asked no only my concierge but also numerous representatives that I spoke with about whether the show had changed or not and they assured me that no, the running time was still the same. . . What they failed to mention was that indeed, the entire finale had changed, and that, a story line that is building you up to something remarkable is no more.  . . If you needed to change your story because the show is too dangerous, I get it, fine, I have no qualms with changing the ways things are done because of the risk to the performers.  But when your entire reputation is built upon talk of a finale's to top all finale's, and when you promptly delete this from your program without telling the people who are buying the tickets, you are pulling off an elaborate trick.  . . Indeed, the show is devoid of stunts with the finale gone...the best one that Cirque pulls off with the current version of the show is the high flying BAIT AND SWITCH which is exactly what happened on our recent visit.  People all around us in front and back sort of just looked at each other when the show ended as if to say..."Was that it?"  . . Yep.  That's it.  Honesty will save your business...not extended amounts of Buffoonery by your ice fishermen.    . . Stay away from this show until they can figure out how to salvage what once was...or, LOWER YOUR PRICES TO PROPERLY REPRESENT the new show you are staging.
Fell asleep. Need I say more?
I am a huge fan of Cirque de Soleil (i loved La Nouba, O, LOVE) and I was very excited to surprise my girlfriend and take her to see KA on her birthday.  I read the Yelp reviews and they were great, with most people saying this was their favorite show.  I could not have been more dissapointed.  We even had great seats (in the middle, not too close not too far) and the show was slow, boring and confusing.  There were some decent fight scenes and some talented performers but overall it was incredibly boring.  I can't beleive this was made by cirque de solieil and someone actually put it together and said yes this is what I want.  There was a period of about 45 minutes in the middle where we almost fell asleep and wanted to walk out.  The only reason we didn't is beacause I heard so many great things so I kept waiting for it to get better.  It was a joke.  We were in disbelief when it ended.  I felt like I was robbed of my money.  I had a locals discount of $130 for 2 tickets and I still felt robbed.  I wouldn't have even enjoyed it if I paid $20 per ticket.  It was that bad.  Seriously, I have always loved Cirque de soleil shows but this one was so boring.  There were hardly any acrobatics or anything that you couldn't see in a B rated kung fu movie.  The story was also confusing and made no sense.  Don't waste your time or money. Go see the Beatles LOVE show, O or even Absinthe.  They are all much better.
