I thought this place was unimpressive.  The drinks were bland and the food was average.  We ordered a bunch of things to share with the table; one or 2 things were bad and the rest was okay, but nothing was great.
I went with another Yelper who had gone to the Yelp event at Citizen's, however, we didn't have the same experience as she had at the Yelp event.  . . We had cups of iced tea (Starbucks)  that the hostess didn't say we couldn't bring in, a server just came by and was about to take them until we asked why... . I asked how a particular drink was..was it sweet, the waitress said it was more savory which I thought well it sounded good..umm skip the Aviation, even had my friends try it and they too thought I should send it back however I got the feeling that I would be charged for the drink and charged again for whatever else I ordered, so I let it sit on the table and see how long it would take the waitress to notice..never did..another server/busboy came by to take my plate, and I just told him to take the drink, he never questioned nor asked what was wrong..all in all poor service.. . We had the mussel chowder..skip it!  The 8 mussels makes the bowl look full, underneath, hardly any leeks and potatoes but a lot of celery! And the chowder was really runny. And for $9, seriously for mussels which are one of the cheapest seafood to purchase.. . When I was going to the restroom, I noticed to ladies totally bored and annoyed, just sitting side by side with just water in front of them.  I thought to myself, have they been served or asked??  I walked back out and they were out the door pretty quickly.. . Would I go back? Umm..no..the pricing of the food is similar to Fez and other foodie spots and reasonable, however the quality and the quantity not so much....oh..and the service..I've had better.
Keep on walking....... . My friend and I each tried different dishes and shared.  He got nice roast and I got a hamburger.  The place is really nice....open, bright..... . ..but the food is just a BIG disappointment.  A hamburger + 2 good beers was $37.   Expect to pay a lot for your food here.. . Both dishes were poor...... . sorry, really wanted to like this one....
Not reviewing the food or atmosphere, just the management at CPH:. . Went with a large group of 40 or so people - given the private room upstairs.  Due to what was apparently a miscommunication, CPH only wanted to allow our party to order from a set menu.  Many of us were not interested the set 4-course meal, and wanted food/drinks from the regular menu.  The management was not willing to allow this - since we didn't order from the fixed menu, they charged our group a $500 surcharge. . . So, CPH got $500 from our group (instead of the much larger fare had they allowed us to order from the normal menu.  . . But that will be the LAST penny CPH will ever see from me.  . . Saddle House, on the other hand, took great care of our large group at a moments notice.  We ate and had drinks there all night, including some freebies thrown in because they appreciated our business.
I picked this restaurant for an out-of-town dinner based on the Yelp reviews, and was very disappointed. I don't know if everyone else here just came on a better night with a different staff or what, but this was not the dining experience you all described. The food was just OK, not awesome or Earth-shattering. We had a variety of appetizer plates - mac n cheese, crab cakes, chicken & waffles - that were way overpriced and just average at best. We didn't get the pork belly because they wouldn't serve it without the sauerkraut - made from brussel sprouts!?! (seriously?) The server also raved about the drinks there and the "awesome mixologists" but the bar selection was tepid (no Sapphire, only Beefeater?) and they couldn't even make a mojito? I know that can be a  'specialty' drink in some areas but we saw plenty of them on other menus around Scottsdale. But the worst was the service and attitude of the staff; we were IGNORED all night. The server was affable and friendly but would disappear for long stretches of time. 20 minutes to get drinks, when the bar wasn't busy?? And our appetizers took almost twice that long to appear. He also forgot the bread, and didn't ask about another round of drinks until we were ready to leave! The place was a little busy but hardly packed (it was after 9pm), so we couldn't figure out what was going on.  It seemed like everyone working there was more concerned with enforcing the cool hipster vibe than actually doing any work. Except for the hostess - whose job apparently involved stomping through the restaurant periodically and angrily glaring at us like we were keeping her from something far more important. Seriously, we barely interacted with this woman (other than to ask for a table) and yet we were ducking the daggers shooting from her eyes all night. WTF was that all about? Look, any restaurant can have an off night; maybe they were short-handed in the kitchen or something. But to not acknowledge it all and generally avoid your patrons is not the tactic I would have run with.
Probably the worst service I have ever had.  The bacon popcorn was good, but that was about it.  Took forever to get drinks, the orders were screwed up and the staff just came up with excuses why they could not bring out drinks within 20 minutes of ordering.  There are lots ofchoices in Old Town, don't go here.
Avoid this place if you can!  VERY NOISEY . The Food is at best fair. Ours came out less than hot and very over cooked. . . The service was friendly but but not really good.. . It is hard to carry a conversation due to the noise created by having the bar in the middle of the restaurant.. . Over priced .
Don't even want to waste my time, but I figured I should write it down to warn other people.. . Went with half a dozen other people. The main character in this review is our waiter, Brian.. . SO many things to talk about, I don't know where to begin. It took us a very long time to get seated despite it NOT being full. I ordered the bacon sandwich which came out to $13 bucks (it actually wasn't that bad, but really small). Everybody else got the lamb burger since it was highly recommended. Even though 90% of the people got lamb burgers cooked at differently, he still managed to mix it up.. So we had to take over and swap our dishes. The verdict among my peers was the lamb burger was horrid.. . Finally we were going to pay and get out of there. We split up the check, to make it easier we wrote it down on paper with everyone's dishes and names (only two people paid with credit, rest was cash). Of course Brian mixes it up and charges me for a lamb burger when I got the bacon sandwich.. . WHEW, it is finally over. Well that is what I thought.. . I go home and check my credit card, and Brian decided to charge me $23.00. My bill said it was pending so I did not do anything. Until today, it said $48 and the bill stated complete. WHAT in the world! How did my bill go from $13 to $48?!?!. . I called the restaurant, I was put on hold, and transferred to the Manager. The Manager told me he couldn't find the record and I would need to come back with the check + bill statement. ARE YOU KIDDING ME? This damn place is 30 minutes away from me. But then he corrected himself and after reading him two random numbers on the receipt he was convinced and said the error will be corrected.. . Don't come here, so many better places near by. I would give this place zero stars if I could. I want to give people who gave this place anything more than 2 stars a zero star if possible.. . Way to waste my time and money.
Wow. We must have went on a bad day or something. Burnt popcorn, tasteless food in super super tiny portions.. . Majorly bummed on this place. We drove 40 miles to try it. Waste of gas. Guess thats what we get for going on a weekday afternoon.. . We did like our server though.
I thought this place was unimpressive. I don't know if everyone else here just came on a better night with a different staff or what, but this was not the dining experience you all described.  But the worst was the service and attitude of the staff; we were ignored all night. . . It took us a very long time to get seated despite it NOT being full and having a reservation. Not a big deal, but a party of 8 walked in ahead of me and was immediately seated. I guess CPH would make more money off of a larger party, so they were made a priority over someone who had the common sense to make a reservation.. . The server was affable and friendly but would disappear for long stretches of time.  It seemed like everyone working there was more concerned with enforcing the cool hipster vibe than actually doing any work.. . I was pretty excited to eat here because they had a great rating. However, my entree was a major disappointed and it took a major dent on my wallet. I will pay anything for good food. However, nothing makes me more angry than overpaying for a crappy entree. I ordered the short ribs based on a recommendation. They were extremely fatty, tough, and nearly burnt. Furthermore, the sides were also a disappointment. I don't think pureed parsnips are particularly expensive, but the portion I received was a joke. I was done with them within 2 bites. What a way to waste my time and money.
My girlfriend put it best, "We should've went to Taco Bell. Of course Citizen Public House is better quality than Taco Bell... But not by much. And it's 10% the price."
I think everyone is drunk who tries their food and leaves a review. I have no idea how right now they have 4.5 star rating and 426 reviews. Maybe it's the service in the dining area, but we weren't allowed to sit there. They made us sit at the bar even though there was a lot of open tables with waiters just standing around. Now the food was pretty bad. The lamb sandwich and was ok, but the french fries tasted like they came from the frozen food section. The grilled cheese sandwich was a greasy mess that did not taste good at all. I guess I should have ordered a beer and it would have tasted better, but I got just water and the food was definitely not very good.
Meh....not really sure what the hype is all about?  The food is not that great and the prices are outrageous!  Had the chopped salad and it was good, we have had something similar before though. My hubby had the scallops and I had the grilled cheese. Nothing wow about either one. We can say we went, we tried, we defiantly  payed but we will not be going back.  Sorry
