1 star - OVERRATED and the bf got FOOD POISONING.. . We were looking for a good steakhouse while on vacay in Vegas and since we had never been to Cut we decided to check it out being that it's highly rated.  What a mistake.. . For the money, you would think you would be getting top notch quality and service.  The service was good (our waiter did seem a tad too snooty, but he thoroughly went over the menu and the different cuts of beef they offer), but the quality was just not there.  . . I had my usual, the filet mignon, and the bf ordered the rib eye.  Both seemed overly salty and far too crusty (burnt?) for our liking.  In addition to the steaks, we ordered creamed spinach and mac n cheese for our sides.  The mac n cheese was okay, but the creamed spinach was... yakk (yakk = disgusting).  I just couldn't eat it.  It comes prepared with a raw egg that cooks from the heat of the spinach and I could have done without the egg.  Actually, I could have done without the creamed spinach entirely.  . . With tip, the bill came to a whopping $200+, and I walked away feeling utterly ripped off.  I'm never eating at this Cut again (I'm also wary to try any other Cut) and after the yak-ful night the bf spent on our hotel bathroom floor, I doubt he'll ever want the taste of Cut in his mouth again.  . . Dear Cut,. . Thanks for ruining our vacation.  I think we deserve a refund.. . Best Regards,. . Peggy.
Maybe I'm spoiled by living in Wine Country (Sonoma County, Ca) and having access to good food all the time, but our meal at Cut (once we finally got it) was poorly cooked (med. rare was med) and underwhelming...steaks are sinewy and EVERYTHING is over-salted, over-hyped and over-priced. . Great service can often make up for a mediocre meal, but I'm sorry to say we didn't get any the evening we were there. Half of our party was served their first course (there were 12 of us) and the other half didn't get served for 20 minutes. We had to point out that we were still waiting and the staff looked decidedly annoyed with us. Our waiters were neglectful and surly.. This is my second time at Cut and will be my last...it better be, or shame on me!. Cut does NOT make the cut.
So the one star is basically for the food.  Not that the food is only one star quality, but that's what saved the night.  Everything else was because of the experience.. . I went in a large group for a friend's birthday.  Service took a while and when our food came out, the waiters mixed up a few orders and put the entrees in front of the wrong people.  Now, I like steak as much as a normal person, but often times (and especially when there's no bone), it's hard for me to tell different cuts.  Same with some of my friends.  So we start to eat and realize that the orders are wrong.  People didn't want to touch stuff that other people already touched so we complained and they went to prepare entrees for those that already had theirs "soiled.". . Also, all of this doesn't include that they forgot one order, and tried to ameliorate the situation by cranking out a steak as fast as they could.  It came out bloody (no, the person ordering it didn't ask for it that way or anything close) but instead of having them heat it further, two people at my table traded dishes to keep everyone happy.. . The birthday boy was obviously not happy, as his steak was one that was affected.  IMMEDIATELY after all of this occurs, the waiter comes by and says "I'm so sorry for allof this.  Can I interest you in a glass of wine?"  The birthday boy, thinking that it was a freebie to make him happy, accepted.  But lo and behold, at the end of the night, the wine made its way onto the bill.. . Obviously, overall very, very, very dissatisfied with the way services went.  You could say that having a large group (we had 10 people) is difficult to handle, but for a top tier restaurant, this should be easy.  Plus, it wasn't even busy that night!  There were empty tables all around us.. . But, the food was good.  Not the best steak I've ever had, but good nevertheless.  Didn't have any of the bone marrow that one of my friends ordered but that was supposed to be one of the best things to eat.. . I don't think I'll come back here again.  Especially with a large group.
We were at Delmonico's & we were looking forward to having a delicious bone in filet, my mom had ordered one their before & it was wonderful. We sat down, ordered drinks then started to look over the menu to realize they were not offering a bone in file. So my dad walked to CUT to ask if they had a bone in filet & the general manager (Gianni) said yes they did. We decided to leave Delmonico & got a table right away at Cut...(which was BS because we called earlier & they told us NO seating was available until 9:30...surprisingly at 8:00 they were wide open) We sat down & 1st thing asked the server if they had a bone in filet...well he said NO, they did not! The GM lied to my dad to get us to have dinner at CUT. The GM was extremely rude & got into an argument with my father & my husband. Unbelievable! Obviously we left CUT & we went to a 3rd restaurant for the night... Morels. We walked in ask the hostess if they were offering a bone in filet, she called the head chef right away and he said yes they did. We sat outside on the patio it was a beautiful night & we watched the pirates show at Treasure Island &  we enjoy the yummy bone in filet, Morel's had great service too!! :)
Not going here again. Especially not for the steak. The prices are too high, the food is too mediocre. The appetizers here were much better than my pretty tough wagyu beef.  If you're into expensive tapas/appetizers, it's not bad here, but if you're into steak, there are much better places to try in New York or San Francisco (Harris for one).. . I'm giving it such a low rating because this place screams "marketing hype".
Very overrated. I will keep this short because my visit to CUT was over Labor Day weekend so it's been a couple of months, but what I do remember is a restaurant which goes off primarily its name and association with Wolfgang Puck. The interior decor is an attempt at being modern and trendy, but fails to impress. Even the bread sticks are a little bizarre - they are long and straw-shaped. You break them off at the ends and eat it like a biscuit. The service was very good, though I've had better at a competing establishment on the Strip.. . My biggest complaint is that I got very sick the next morning from my steak. It couldn't have been anything else because I did not eat for the rest of the night afterward. I ordered the Kobe beef selection which was $80 more or less. The portion was small, but filling enough with the sides and complimentary chocolates added in. I will give the guys at CUT credit where it's due - they were able to get my steak medium-rare, exactly as I had ordered. However, my stomach was in bad shape when I woke up several hours later.. I will spare you the details of what happened next. Overall, this was a decent experience that was marred by tainted food.
If I had gone to the Outback or the Sizzler, I probably would have given this place 4 stars.  But at $75-$150 per steak (plus extras), I expect a significantly higher quality.  I didn't get that.  I had a steak that was ok, not prepared exactly to my liking, and quite a bit of gristle and tendons/ligaments.. . I like my steaks to be prepared rare.  And by rare, I do mean rare.  That is a cool to warm red center.. . I ordered the 16 oz. bone-in filet mignon.  It came out somewhere between medium-rare and medium.  After a couple of bites, I complained to the waiter.  Rather than offering to replace the steak with one to my liking, he explained that their unique cooking process drained all of the visible blood from the steak, and so even if the steak appeared to be overcooked, it was in fact rare.  Perhaps I was too polite, and should have called bullsh*t on the spot, but I accepted his explanation and continued to eat the overcooked steak.  It was not rare.  It did not taste rare.  And no matter what kind of magic Wolfgang Puck thinks he can work with special cooking techniques, a rare steak should look like and taste like a rare steak.. . While most of the steak was fairly tender - as you would expect a filet mignon to be - there were areas of tendon, ligament and gristle which were simply impenetrable by the standard steak knives they offered.  Since my complaints were already rebuffed once, I chose not to complain again.  I'm sure Wolfgang's mignons would have had another excuse to offer.. . Service was good, and the side items were good.  (The wild mushrooms to top the steak were well worth the extra $12, and were perhaps the best part of the entire steak).  The wine was also good, although I prefer to be handed a more traditional looking wine list, and not an iPad where I have to navigate the various screens.. . There are plenty of top notch restaurants in Las Vegas that are worth $300 for a dinner for two.  This is simply not one of them.
DON'T GO HERE IF YOU ARE ATTENDING A SHOW THAT NIGHT!!!!  We had been in contact many times before the day of our reservation withthe restaurant, letting them know we were attending Phantom of the Opera (which shows in the Venetian, so close by the restaurant) that evening.  We were originally not even going to eat here becuase we thought it may be too much of a time crunch, but were talked in to it by the hostess on the phone, so we consented and made a reservation.  So multiple times they had it in their notes that we had to get out in time for the show.  Then night of reservation, we let the hostess know again on our way in that we were seeing the show later and also let our server know.  And unfortunately, we ended up missing our show, and out over $500 in show tickets, on top of over $600 we just spent on dinner there.  So a +$1,000 evening ruined and frankly wasted!!!  I've been trying to get the manager to call me back to see about getting some kind of compensation as the restaurant caused us to miss the show, and they will just not be considerate and get back to me.  I talked to him once, night of after the fiasco happened and he said he would "assess" the situation and get back to me, and has yet to do so, and we've tried calling him 4 times since, and no return phone call each time because he's "too busy."  So my recommendation, if you want a nice meal out (like we did) before seeing the show, go elsewhere!  **If you see this CUT, it'd be nice to get a call back and get something figured out...I'd be more apt to leave you a better review!**
I had a terrible experience.  The walls are all concrete and everything echos intensely loud.  My steak was meh, and it was like a $100 steak!  I expected everything here to be amazing but was let down.
I was here on vacation a few weeks ago and we had a big party (14 girls) since we were there for a bachelorette party.. . I don't know if I agree with other people on the service, but I have to say the food was pretty good.  It is expensive I am not going to lie.  Steaks are probably like $80+ dollars.  . . I ended up sharing a piece rib eye with somebody else because we don't eat alot and it's not like we lived there so we couldn't take it with us or anything.  I think ALOT of us ended up sharing because of this reason and portions were sized enough where we can share.. . The steaks were cooked perfectly and they were good.   We had bone marrow to top off which made it even better.  . . Now when it came to sides - obviously restaurants like these you order them separately on the side.  Because there was so many in our party, we liked a variety and wanted to just order whatever we wanted and share.  . . There was a waitress there that gave us a hard time about that and even had to nerve to ask if it was a money issue.  We knew what we wanted to order and we were going to share accordingly ourselves.  That comment alone made the entire party pretty angry and the experience bad.  $1700 for about 14 girls?  I think that obviously we weren't complaining about the money.  Somebody in this business should know better than to say that.  I wouldn't go back even nor do I recommend this place.  Wolfgang Puck was a name that you pay for.  There are far better places with better steaks and better services.
"Don't talk to me about that I didn't say anything, or that "how are they supposed to know?",...I shouldn't have to bring it to your attention...". . Dissappointing.. . Let me count the reasons. Someone from our party ordered grilled fish, and at table side, the helpman meticulously removed the head, backbone, and proceeded to scrape off the lateral bone bits from the previous fillet' meat. Impressive. So this is a problem, because:. . (1) I ordered the 21 day dry aged, bone in Rib Eye medium rare, in a restaurant that is called "cut" most likely referring to the expertise of the meat offerings, it came out with a blood pool beneath the meat, and after tearing into the center (after the edge was curiously grey in color) I found a hot pink color, with obviously heavy textured content all the way through. . . (2) No one asked me how my food was, nor did anyone personally stop by at our table once the food was presented. . . (3) Across the way, my buddies ordered the 35 day, dry aged filet, which upon exposing the centers showed a beautiful purple smooth center, with a red halo ring to a blackened crusted exterior... a proper medium rare, as ordered. Slap in my face for what I got.. . (4) Later in the meal, as we were finishing, the waiter dropped by to ask my two buddies with the fiet how the food was. No one asked me how my food was at any part of the meal, and now I was experiencing a shun as the rest of my party was being asked. They handed me a check for the menu price of$65.. . Don't talk to me about that I didn't say anything, or that "how are they supposed to know?", I've never had the $100 steak, but if you charge me 4 times what I can get at Applebees, I shouldn't have to bring it to your attention, just like if I can't afford this place I shouldn't have to ask how much it is before I sit down. $65 is not an assumption. It's a statement.. .  I go to restaurants because I can't grill a proper medium rare myself. That is my statement. That $65 price tag, that's your promise you know what you're doing.
Service was horrible.  Six of us went to dinner and as we have done for 20 years, brought our 20-30 year old wines to enjoy with dinner.  In the past, we paid $25-$50 corkage which was fine.  Cut limited us to only 2 bottles for 6 people.  We had 5 people, and of course we wanted to sit together, so we negotiated to get 3 bottles.  We tried to split tables as we get 2 per table, but they wouldn't let us do that.  So, we agreed to open 3 bottles.  They would charge $50 corkage.  That's $50 to open and drink a bottle of wine we brought to the restaurant.  They would waive that corkage fee if we bought a bottle from them equal to or greater in value than $50.  . So, we sat down and ordered our first 2 bottles of wine for $50 each, minimum.  Another person appeared and told us that, as our wines may have been worth more than $50, we would have to buy a bottle from them equal to or greater in value than each bottle we were opening.  Scott said he had bought his 2 bottles for about $10 in the 1990's.  Who knows what they're worth now?  They appeared prepared to haggle over the value of our wines.  This was such nonsense, we finally just got up and left.  They didn't try to stop us.  . Last year, Carnevino accepted us without such stupid rules and we were allowed to bring our own wines.  We were told this is Wolfgang Puck's rules, so we had no choice.  In reality, they just wanted us to pay for hyper inflated wines from their wine list - they charge 4 or 5 times the market price of a wine - and also pay them for over priced steaks, together with terrible service.  We left, found Morel's, a much better restaurant, and enjoyed our wines and a great dinner.  The wait staff was attentive, helpful and appreciative.  Cut is not a place to eat if you want to be treated well, unless you have a huge wallet and willing to unload it there.. None of our party will ever patronize a Wolfgang Puck restaurant in this lifetime.  We encourage you to do the same.
I wish I could say I had a great dining experience at Cut, but unfortunately it wasn't even close.  The service was great, the food was terrible.. . I've been to all the major steakhouses in LA and LV...except for Cut.  My friends recommended that I try it out because it has been one of their favorite destinations for steak.  Trying to put the hype aside, I went in there with an open mind and a large appetite.  I was sold on the American Wagyu Ribeye, ordered medium-rare.  When it came out, it was probably closer to medium than medium rare.  Not a deal breaker.  I took my first bite...gristle.  Yes, I know ribeyes tend to be a little fatty, but this was chewy...to the point where I couldn't chew anymore and had to spit it out.  The next bite is right in the center, where I think it would melt in my mouth (wagyu!)...and gristle again.  Ok, it's been established that this steak does not melt in my mouth as promised.  The third bite is when I realized that I'm not tasting the meat, but instead just a bunch of seasoning...mainly salt.  . . I thought I might have had a bad steak, but I asked around the table (7 of us) and everyone agreed with me and had the same feedback.  There were talks of Cut having an "off night," but I stand pretty firmly on this: an establishment like Cut does not have an "off night."  If it did, it wouldn't be THIS off of a night.. . Needless to say, we paid the bill and vowed never to come back.  Ok, maybe not never, but it will be a while before I can take the plunge again and pay close to $200 for what's supposed to be an amazing dining experience.
Our second trip to Las Vegas this year.  We love dining at fine restaurants, which we do all the time in NY.  We were told Cut is the best steakhouse ever.  I think the emporer has no clothes.  Waiting for our table we got drinks at the bar.  The bartender was a woman who was very bitchy and harried.  No big deal.  Inside the restaurant the service was terrific, the manager was very nice (there had been a problem with our reservation), comfortable booth, all good stuff.  Wine selection very good. Unfortunately the food, not so great.  Wagyu beef is an excuse to charge more per head.  Nothing on the menu at Cut comes close to the porterhouse at Peter Luger's in NY, or many other fine steakhouses.  Overall the food was ok, the experience was good, but not at all worth the price.  Later that night my wife got sick and puked, and I also had nausea.  Overall, glad I went so I can say I did, but probably won't be back.  Probably the most overrated restaurant I have ever eaten in.
What a total steak sin to overcook American and Japanese Kobe steaks ordered the perfect medium rare and serve them medium well. 4 of the 6 steaks ordered at our business dinner were grossly overcooked. A pet peeve of mine is being out on a business dinner and getting overcooked food because you can't really complain or ask to have your meal remade and make everyone wait around for you to eat. Oh well, gray steak for me!  What a sin!  Come on Cut, get it together. How can you call yourself a steakhouse if you can't even cook a steak.
