Me and three friends went to the Flamingo for the new years weekend. Overall, it was very disappointing. Here are some highlights:. . -The price was absurdly inflated given the quality of the hotel, but it was understandable since we chose the busiest weekend of the year.. . -Valet lot was full. South parking lot was full. North parking lot required a hotel key to get into, but given the fact that it was taking 2 hours to even check in (to then be turned down despite having a guaranteed check in time) we had to have our driver drive around the strip and eventually park in a liquor store lot for an hour while we braved the line.. . -There was no water in our room for hours.. . -The check-in line, check-out line, and "water complaints" line were absurdly long. Since when is online/TV check out not standard? . . -The security during the midnight rush were extremely rude and threatening for absolutely no reason (wearing a hood on a patio?) despite us being very cooperative.. . -The security was no where to be found when people were getting nearly trampled at the entrance to the hotel. . . . Absurd. I will never visit this hotel again.
i was there for the world series of beer pong and they double booked my room.. granted i did recieve an upgrade but my friends had to wait 4-5 hours to get their room and they did not even have blankets alot of people were smoking weed there and you could smell it in the bathrooms because they have these wierd hole type things in the shower.... the head boards for the beds are attached to the wall the place is a total dive..... AVOID AT ALL COSTS....  THE PICTURES ARE EXCEPTIONALLY MISLEADING THEY DO NOT HAVE LCD TVS UNLESS YOU ARE IN A SUITE OR SOMETHING LIKE THAT
This place sucks! the first time I went there (reluctantly), the power went out for 4 hours and we couldn't hang out in the room and watch TV/listen to music while we pre-party.  Also, the girls couldn't do their hair/makeup, etc.  . Then a couple years went buy and for New Years 2011 I decided to give them another chance since their rates were so cheap! (The phrase - YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR really IS true).  There was NO RUNNING WATER for almost the entire day.  Then when it came back on - IT WAS FREEZING COLD!.... They didn't offer anything for us when we checked out except a $30.00 credit towards a meal!!!...I was thinking F*** Y** manager!  Spoke to me in a condescending manner because I'm only 28 years old!!...Bastard!!!. NEVER GOING THERE AGAIN!...
Total dump!. . Recently stayed at the Flamingo for a work function. Horrible experience. Don't let the pics on the website fool you-only some of the rooms have been renovated. Mine had a running sink, lumpy carpet and the smell of smoke made my nose run the entire time I was there. On top of all that you have to pay to use the gym and the internet and there is no breakfast provided (which to be fair, I've heard are all to be expected for Vegas where you pay for everything.) Outside is nice but inside is totally depressing. The other hotels have a much better atmosphere. The Flamingo seemed to be filled with a much older and sadder client base. The worst part was the woman in her wedding gown sitting at the slot machine. Ugh. Want to enjoy your trip to Vegas? Avoid this place.
OMG! Never again! So I found a great rate through Orbitz so I prepaid for a room.  Big mistake! As soon as I arrived at the parking lot I was not feeling it. Then I go check in and get to my room. It was nothing like the picture I saw on Yelp or the hotel website! First of all, the beds were nasty! It was like visiting a distant relative and them putting you in their spare bed that's been left in the basement for years! There was hair all over the beds. I felt like I had bedbugs crawling all over me! Then I go to the bathroom...it gets even worse! There was rust and mold all over the ceiling in the bathtub. Then I saw the shower head was covered in limestone. But it gets even better...unknown stains all over the shower curtain...That's when I decided that I couldn't stay there. I called the front desk and asked for another room. They tried giving me a similar room.  No thanks! I didn't even care that I paid for the room...I just took off and checked into Planet Hollywood. I will never stay at the Flamingo!  I wouldn't even go to the casino! DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU CARE ABOUT CLEANLINESS!!!
Pros:. .....................(I am still thinking)............................... . . . Cons:. **Dirty ass room, when they say "clean' means you will find trash under the sink. **Scary a$$ looking bathroom. **stain on the carpet. **Rude a$$ servers at their restaurants. ---the list continues--. . I will NEVER EVER EVER EVER stay here. . . P.S. 5min international call cost us $65
I sit down at the bar and ask for a Cosmopolitan. The bartender grabs a jar with some red juice in it and pours it into a highball glass, adds ice and vodka and hands it to me. I consider my next maneuver and decide upon saying, "This is not a cosmopolitan." The bartender says, "Yes it is! It's all computerized!" I leave without paying. . Avoid.
never stayed at this hotel. Just being in the lobby creeped us out! it was humid and just filled with smoke. We almost RAN out of there. We just wanted to see all the famous hotels of LV. couldn't imagine staying there. Oh we went to the restaurant there just to look, and we died laughing. lol it smelled terrible. We cld not understand why or how cld ppl eat there.
Booked two rooms here with one room receiving housekeeping (clean towels, bed fix etc) once in three days after numerours complaints to reception.
I stayed here in a regular room with some friends last December. Expectations were not high considering how cheap we got the room for, but gosh did they let us down even more. The hotel smelled like coconut milk, which wasn't appealing to our group. I guess they were trying to work with the tropical theme? Uh huh. We showered in cold water for most of our stay at the hotel. We called the staff to have someone come by and fix it. A man came by to "fix" it. We tried the water again- still COLD. We then complained to the front desk, who was quite courteous. The front desk woman gave us a change of room and $30 to use for room service (enough for 2 measly breakfast orders for the four of us). The first round of showers in the new room finally had warm water, but that's it. All the showers after that ranged from very slightly warm to coolly cold. Maybe we had bad luck. Maybe the water system was understandably affected by some outside force. Either way, I ain't gonna step into this coconut milk-smelling hotel again.
Woah-uh. Stayed here because a friend was getting married at their wedding chapel, and I must say the hotel is quite nasty. Supposedly we were getting a group discount because like 30 people from the wedding group were staying in the hotel. My room for a Saturday night was $118, and that was the cheap room. They tried pitching me on the upgraded "Go-Room" over the phone, the main advantage to that being that it had a TV in bathroom. I declined. . . The room I did get was old, nasty, and had some very questionable stains on the carpet right by the bed. I'm glad I left my black light at home, because god only knows.... . . Needless to say I never walked around with bare feet. . . I did see the "Go-Room," as some of my friends who were staying there got one. It had a nicer TV and nicer furniture, but also a nasty-ass Neapolitan color scheme. Not worth it either. . . If this hotel is cheaper then other places on the strip, there is a reason. I recommend spending a few more bucks and getting a decent room, or staying at Sam's Town and driving all the freaking way across town to the strip. Either option is better then the Flamingo.
If you like huge crowds of overweight, tattooed people walking around with drinks in their hand, loud bad music blaring, piles of empty beer cans, cigarettes all over the ground, obnoxious DJs screaming that it's time for the limbo contest, and filthy pool water, then the pool at the Flamingo Hotel is perfect for you. . . My son had a GO room which he described as sleeping in Victoria's Secret's box. Pink, plastic, tacky, but it did have a great view of the Strip.. . My room was just plain dowdy and sad. The hotel has a fantastic location on the Strip but other than that, yuck.
THIS PLACE IS THE WORST!!. . This was the worst hotel experience I've ever had!. . When I walked into my room I was overpowered by the smell of cigarettes. It wasn't just a stale cigarette smell either, it smelled like it had been smoked in recently and a lot. I went to the front desk to see if I'd accidentally been given a smoking room. They said I was in a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor. There were no more rooms for me to switch at that time so I was told to come back between 11 and 1 the next day. When I went back at that time, the line was a million years long and I didn't have time to wait because I was there for a wedding. After the wedding, I was again told there was no room to switch me to. . . Meanwhile, my friend went back to the room to sleep and requested extra blankets. When she got them, one was dirty and sticky. Fabulous quality control there!. . The next day I went to complain about the room, AGAIN. I was again told there were no rooms and nothing they could do. I asked to talk to a manager and he just shrugged at me and said there was nothing he could do. . . The next morning at check out I talked to another manager who said if I'd talked to him right away he could have helped me, but since I was checking out there was nothing he could do. I told him I had talked to a manager the night before and he did nothing! He said the best he could do would be a free breakfast buffet in the hotel. Yeah, thanks, that really makes up for waking up with coughing every morning and sleeping like shit in a filthy, stinking room. And by the way, he said the smoking floor was above my floor so the smell was probably coming in through the air vents. I wonder if every room on that floor smelled like mine. There were a lot of people in that breakfast buffet with comped meals.. . In addition to that, other people from the wedding group were staying in that hotel and of the 5 groups, 3 of them had problems with their rooms. Two were in the upgraded GO rooms and even then had troubles getting their issues solved. . . Do NOT stay at this hotel! The rooms are gross, smelly and run down. Even the nicer rooms are falling apart and management will do nothing to help you if you have a problem. The free breakfast did not make up for 3 terrible nights in this place. I will never stay here and would not wish this place on my worst enemies. HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!!
This review is based on the fact that I couldn't take my 7 year old son into the pool to swim and play on the water slides. I was told that unless we were hotel guests he wasn't allowed in the pool area. I was more then willing to pay the $20 charge for my son and myself to enjoy a day of water slides and swimming.
OH GOD. WHERE DO I BEGIN.. . I am a Vegas connoisseur. I go to Vegas twice a month, pretty much every other weekend, just because I can.. . My friend's birthday was a couple weekends ago, and we decided to stay here. Now, I've stayed here two other times, and just to make sure I hated it, we stayed there one more time since the rate for that specific weekend was cheap.. . We arrived at 1am in the morning thinking that the later we leave the better. BAD IDEA!!! the past three times I've been here the valet has been full every single time. How is that good customer service at all? . . We walked up to the front desk thinking our check in would be fairly quick and painless. NOPE. Waited 1 hour to check in. Our reservation was for a two queen bed regular standard run-of-the-mill smoking room. I had booked our reservation about 2 months before hand to make sure that we would get the rate we wanted and the room we wanted. On our confirmation sheet it said: "two queen standard room smoking." When I finally crawled up to the front desk, they told me that they had first of all, no smoking rooms available, and no queen bed rooms available. I was ppppiiiiiissssseeeeeedddd. I explained calmly that I had made these reservations in advance through my credit card company and I demanded we got what we ordered. I showed her the confirmation sheet and she just said "I'm sorry but it's subject to availability.". OK. FINE. We'll take the damn King size bed with no smoking room.. . We get to our room, after walking what literally felt like a mile, and threw our bags down. We tried to turn the air on, because when we were there it was 1am in the morning but still 100 degrees. The air conditioning didn't work. GAHHHHHH.. . We called down to the front desk and told them, politely, that we wouldn't stand for this both nights. The manager was nice enough to give us a mini-suite, but for the next night. OK, we'll take it.. . We wake up the next morning, pack up our stuff, and move our stuff to the mini-suite. The mini-suite was better, but not much. Everything seemed like it was from extended stay (i've stayed at some nicer extended stays than the Flamingo!). Nothing was durable. The table broke when we put our room service on it.. . Speaking of room service, we didn't have a book in our room for any kind of room service, so we called down, got fed up because we waited 30 minutes for it, ordered our food because we were hungry, the room service came, we ate, took a nap AND THEN the menu came!!!! over a three our time frame!!!! oh boy.. . We tried to go to the pool, and since we had a little bit of the brown bag flu, we had to get some alcoholic beverages. We paid 8 dollars for each, brought them and stood in line for about 30 minutes. They wouldn't even let us bring the drinks inside!. . My point is, DO NOT waste your time, take my advice, stay somewhere else, even if you have to pay a little extra.. If you have any questions feel free to ask.. CRAPPY HOTEL!
I recently spent several days at the Flamingo. The whole place is really tired looking and dirty. They spray some sort of vanilla air freshener all over to try and hide the smoke saturated fabrics. My room was awful to say the least, there were large dark stains in the carpet and on the chairs. There were empty liquor bottles between the mattress and boxspring. The light switch in the bathroom had to be fiddled with to get it to stay on, and the toilet ran constantly. My bedding had some sort of yellow brown waxy stain on it when I checked in, and when I asked to have my room changed given all the above, I was told there was nothing available. This place is in miserable shape. I also made the mistake of ordering a prime rib meal from room service. The meat was overcooked, the vegetables were mushy and bread stale. I know all this sounds a bit unbelievable, unfortunately it is the truth.
I came here to see  the comedy show of Vinnie Favorito with friends from out of town, we got there 30 minutes before the show and we were told there where no. seats available, the woman at the door started to push us out saying sorry no more seats go get a refund? very disappointing and upsetting because I was told great things  about Vinnie Favorito show. Shame for the flamingo management for  overselling tickets. I did got my money back and bad flavor for the Flamingo Hotel.
This is by far the worse hotel ever. We arrived and our room was dirty. The Flamingo isn't the nicest hotel but I expect a clean room. I told the front desk woman (Fran) and she didn't seem to care. The manager Frank gave us a free upgrade. The room he gave looked exactly the same as the dirty room. I called to tell him because I thought it was an error but he said the room has the same decor and its a few inches bigger. What happened to a good old fashion upgrade to a nicer room? They even offered additional days for more than the original reservation. Nice! By the way we used to go there every year for a basketball tournament. I will never ever stay here again. You get what you pay for at the Flamingo on the Strip.
I can't vouch for the renovated part of this hotel because they were sold out and we ended up booking a room in the unrenovated area, however I can say that I will never be staying at this hotel again. I repeat, NEVER. My boyfriend and I booked our hotel very last minute after making a spontaneous decision to go Las Vegas for Labor day weekend. Having stayed at almost all of the hotels in Las Vegas and never at Flamingo, we decided to give it a try. Coming into this, we knew this one wasn't anything spectacular but decided to book it anyways since it was cheap. Big mistake. I would rather spend more money and stay somewhere else.. . Our room smelled like smoke. The bathroom is TINY. The carpets were stained and paint were peeling off the walls. No free wifi, you have to pay like 15 bucks! Dust bunnies. Dirty. Smelly. Ugh. We shouldn't have been cheap and stuck with Aria!. . One star for the fact that it's conveniently right there on the strip. Quick walk over to Caesar's Palace to shop and for a Fat Tuesday. Also a quick walk to Bellagio, Paris, Planet Hollywood, etc.
WORST Vegas hotel EVER! Room had an iPod-capable system, but did not have enough connectors for every room, so no personal music. Radio was broken and they did not replace it, so no music at all. Did not even have an alarm clock radio in room. TV reception was broken where half of the tv would freeze on a commercial during the show. Air conditioning blew up, leaving our entire room (beds and bags) covered in dust chunks. Maid service NEVER showed up, even after two complaints!. . Managers are awful. Talked to one manager who said all he could do was give us room service in our dust-filled room that had still yet to be cleaned, even the next day! The second manager was just as useless. I called front desk to talk to him again and they put me on hold for 20 minutes, then sad he would call me back. Never got the call. . . You know the hotel is absolutely horrible when the people that work there laugh about how many complaints they get and say that the hotel (that employs them) sucks.. . We would have been better off staying in a shit box that knows it's a shit box, rather than pretending to be decent.
Oh, how the mighty have fallen. Long gone are the glory days of Bugsy's mob-friendly Hollywood-Glamour-in-the-Desert.... The Flamingo is no longer the most luxurious hotel in the world. In fact, I find it fair to say that Siegel's El Cortez could give the Flamingo a lesson or two in dealing with the effects of aging and realistic expectations. . . If I could give 0 or negative stars, I would.. . Giving the Elton John show another visit this past Friday night, my friend and I decided to stay on the Strip instead of taking taxis all over the place. Same price, less hassle, and a night out on the town. Win, win... or so we thought. Caesars and Sir Elton were fabulous... but that's not why we're here, eh?. . Checking in was a little slow; and sadly, we used the regular line instead of Gold Card VIP access and had faster service! We were checked in quickly and easily by a young lady who barely looked at us (I hate that; make some kind of connection so that people feel happy to stay with you, eh?) and we headed upstairs to drop off our stuff.. . The room was dark, shades drawn, and, wait. Is that garbage in the can? Is that a trash bag on the table? Um, wait, I just tripped over someone's shoes?! . . *turn on a light*. . Holy sh..... . The room was already occupied!. . *run downstairs*. . I was greeted at the desk by a manager-esque looking person and explained to her that our room was occupied. She said I would have to wait a moment and continued buffing her nails or stacking her room keys or whatever it was. I half-wish I was just being mean, but it truly was something ridiculous and mundane and she kept looking at her hands/nails.. . She finally gets to the computer and starts looking it up. Without saying much of anything for a few minutes, she finally says we've been upgraded to a junior suite to make up for the inconvenience. Our ire is subsiding with this news. We thank her then head upstairs.... . ... to what we will discover over the next 12 hours is the dirtiest, dingiest, fallingest-apart room in all of Las Vegas.. . It looked like it was furnished via the fire sale at Sahara. In fact, my verbal review to dinner party guests the next night was that it looked like it belonged at the Sahara... after the pillaging occured.. . The shower tile wasn't just stained, it was dirty and could be wiped off. The shower curtain had dried I-don't-know-what on it. The toilet paper dispenser was coming out of the wall, the cabinets were dirty and in disrepair, the carpet wasn't anything I'd want to walk on barefoot, and the headboard became detached from it's 2 small screws (I could turn that into a great story, but it came off too easily to truly make it my own). A dangerously broken electrical socket scared the crap out of me. And then, the piece de resistance.... there were stains on the ceiling?!. . This isn't about wanting a 5-star room in a 3-3.5 star resort, this is about wanting a clean, comfortably appointed, well appreciated and well cared-for room in which I paid money to stay.. . The ridiculousness that was this filthy, ill-appointed, uncomfortable "junior suite" is almost laughable but for the fact that no one cared. I can't laugh because no one cared to help us to find something worthy of the Flamingo name. No one cared to clean it. No one cared enough to make it look and feel like a suite versus a communal college dorm room after being lived in for four years by mythical couch-surfing, party-minded students that have never heard of a sponge or an art print or a vacuum or soap.. . When I brought all of this to someone's attention, I was given a half-hearted "sorry for the inconvience" mumble. Really? You care so little that a room that is filthy and dangerously falling apart is simply an inconvenience?!. . Thankfully, I have photographic evidence... and Yelp.
One of, if not, the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in. There were stains all over the carpets, walls. The bathroom was gross. It looked like it wasn't cleaned very well. The room itself was very ugly, and outdated. I understand the Flamingo is the oldest casino/hotel on the strip, but they should keep up with renovations. I didn't see any of their updated rooms. I would imagine they were better than the room I was in, but they better continue to update the entire hotel. I could barely even look out the view from my window as it was so fogged up with dirt you couldn't even enjoy the view! Also, talk about confusing to try to find your room. Every floor is an endless maze. They need more elevators for the amount of rooms they offer. The one good thing is their pool is decent, and a good party spot. However, I still can't get over the fact that they charged over $200 a night for a room here. I would never do it again.
My friends and I were so happy to find this deal. This would be the first time staying here with my friends. I guess it was too good to be true.. . We landed to Vegas at early dawn. We had a full day to roam around before we were able to check in. Called at around 1130 am to check and see if we can check in early. Lady answered politely and said that room should be available   after 12:30 pm. We were so happy to know that we can check in early. Little did we know that that wasn't the case.. . We got to the hotel around 1 and decided to check in. We didn't wait to long to check in and lady at the front desk let us check in though room was not cleaned. We understand that that could happen though we were notified over the phone that it would be ready by then. She was kind enough to give us a small upgrade that will oversee the strip so we didn't mind the wait. Friends and I check in to the pool for a while just to kill some time. 4:00 pm came and my friend was able to get keys so we can dry up and get cleaned since we were down the pool and it was hot. . . We then started to head to our room so we can get cleaned up. It was a little bit weird that when we got to in front of our room, there was a disable motored wheelchair parked right in front. Knocked on the door and no answer. Knock once more and still no answer. We assumed that it was next door so we decided to open the door. Voila and there was an older lady chillin in room. She said that the room was hers until she checks out due to her late check in.. . We were kind of irritated the fact that they would give us a room that still have people in it. It was obvious that it didn't start good to begin with. So head down to the registration area and talked to one of their customer service. We explained the situation that it was unacceptable to give us a room that still have people in it. He did his thing by looking in the computer to check to see if he can give us a comparable room. Though it took him a while to find us another room but when he did finally found one, we head to over and it was all the way to the end of building and a cleaning lady was still cleaning the room.. . My friends and I were so furious that after one room to the other, another problem arises. We then called the guest services again, telling the rep that this was completely unacceptable, we were then moved to another room. But this was not the last of it, again, the room is being cleaned AGAIN. Though we had a nice view of Ceasar's, the overall experience made it still infuriating. . . We thought that this would no go no where and just to bite our tongue. We let the cleaning lady finished cleaning our room and move on.. . Overall with the bad experience, i think this would be the first and last of Flamingo for me and my friends. Room was not the greatest but good enough since we only intend to stay in the room to sleep.
After having heard great things about the Flamingo and also having fun at Margaritaville I thought that it would be fun to stay at the Flamingo. Thank goodness we only stayed one night. The room was dirty with trash under the bed,black stains on the sheets,several burn marks all over the carpets and the bathroom...oh my goodness. The ceiling had some weird panel that was rusty ,a hole that looked like it used to house a camera and a disgusting vent that was covered in dirt. Why are all of these thing in the shower? I am glad we only stayed 1 night. Apparently if you do not spring the extra $$ for one of their "GO" rooms you will be guaranteed a stay in a old,dirty,seemingly forgotten about room. I am a huge fan of Vegas and know there are much better options than the Flamingo for similar cost.
The best thing I can say about my stay at the Flamingo is that it was a roof over my head and the bed was reasonably okay. The carpets were disgustingly filthy--stained, torn, rippled--the furniture in the room was scratched and shaky and the food was almost as good as mediocre.  Had I been responsible for my lodging while in Vegas, I'd have checked out of the Flamingo as quickly as I checked in; come to think of it, checking in wasn't quick. The person responsible for booking our group told the reception desk that several people were unhappy with their accommodations and got a feeble half-smile of...mocking? sympathy? irritation? Hard to tell. And the poor flamingos were standing in water that had junk floating in it. This guest won't be returning anytime soon.
Clean your carpeting. Have a reasonable parking structure.
I booked our room online and confirmed I needed 2 beds, had pets and was checking in really late. The lady on the phone told me the pet go rooms would be an additional 40 per night, so I booked/upgraded the room. . . Now, online the rooms looked amazing. The GO rooms for pets were lush with all sorts of pet friendly amenities. . . The room they put us in had dirty stained carpets, the bedside lamp was missing a shade, there were candy wrappers under the beds, dirty ashtray in the drawer, missing glasses, corroded bathroom fixtures & a clogged sink. when I laid down to sleep the bedding smelled like someone had been chain smoking for weeks in the room. . . I won't stay here again. Its disgusting and I'm leaving early because of it. Blah, yuck
Okay so here it is!  We came to Vegas for a convention/Anniversary and so the company booked at this hotel.  We get in and the line was a 45 minute wait at the front desk to check in.  We check in and they manage to lose our reservation for the second night, but yes they have it for the first night. Hmmm that's odd, they charge a company card for one night but not the second?  So then we finally get to our room and it hadn't been cleaned.  Nice right?  At this point we have met our limit on patience.  So my husband goes downstairs and they gave us $30 in comp money and say they will have someone up to clean it.  Okay so then we come back down in the morning and still haven't found any reservation or paperwork, but they take hubby's card and say they won't charge him, but they will save our room for us until they get it.  His company faxes over credit card authorization to Flamingo.  We get home last night and they charged him for the room.  I will never ever stay here again.  There are plenty of other places to stay that are more organized in Vegas then the Flamingo. The front desk was rude.  Their are really no benefits per se to staying here other than it is close to everything. They were having a deal at the time that if you booked two nights you would get a free pass to a buffet we asked about it and they said because the company paid for it we weren't eligible.  Really we were the ones checking in.  Anyways the last time we were in Vegas we stayed at El Cortez the new part in The Boutique section  I highly recommend this one.  It's by Fremont street and you can take the Deuce bus for $7 for a 24 hour period and the rooms are beautiful and it is really quiet and the staff is wonderful  Have a great adventure...
Multiple customer service problems, and bad attitudes galore. With so many hotels to choose from, why go here?
Deluxe Room = Crappier than Motel 6's . . This review is for me and 10 of my other coworkers that are having problems with this hotel.  We're staying here for CES and each of us is encountering some sort of craps with our room.. . The first room I had is horrendous.  The furniture are old, the mattress is sagging in middle, the bathroom corners have mold, and the sink didn't drain.   I switched to a different room the next morning and it's somewhat better.  . . When I shared my story with my colleagues, they all expressed similar horror stories about their rooms.  One has bed bug bites, one shower doesn't work, one saw a cockroach inside his bag, and few said the floor is really dirty.  . . Well, that's why I'm here to give this one-star review!
All my friends who go to Las Vegas to have fun have never ever mentioned Flamingo, I now know why. If the rooms are comparatively more affordable, that's fine, since it was my first time I wouldn't have known the difference anyway. . . My mom booked a room with 2 queen-sized beds, I'm positive we were given full-sized beds. Is the bed-sizing system different in Nevada?. . No fridge. No bathroom vent. No coffee maker. No extra blankets. One of the lamp lights burned out.. . Apparently we were suppose to set the room to one temperature and keep it there even though it was hot during the day and freezing at night.. . Wi-Fi is $14 a night.. . On a more positive note I did win money in the slot machines in their casino and the hotel is located in the middle of all the other, better, hotter, way more popular hotels and resorts. This made it easier to adventure and explore.. . Maybe I should have stayed in a suite? I have no intentions of coming back, but I can't predict the future.
Hotel rooms aren't that nice... They aren't horrible... Just not anything you want to spend time hanging out in. Usually I'm not in my room anyways when I'm in Vegas lol. The beds are definitely comfortable... And ladies if you're going in a group I'd say be weary.... Mirror space is very limited!. . ...adding on to this review a few months later... . . i will never stay here again. They gave us an OCCUPIED ROOM! TWICE! how embarassing to open the door and there are guests already in the room! TWICE! . . i dont think i need to say anything else.
Wow, where do I start?. . I've stayed at a few places in Vegas as I'm there quite often for business trips. On a last minute decision, I ended up having to go to Vegas again and Flamingo was the cheapest for buying just a few days before. . . When we got there, check in was pleasant and easy. And, my positive experience ends there. Our room was so dirty. A layer of dust was over all the furniture and there were crumbs on the sofa and countertops. . . The next day, when we got back into our room, it was actually EVEN dirtier. The maid had worn dirty shoes in the bathroom and there were black footmarks all over the floor. When I asked the receptionist to have them clean it up- no surprise- nothing happened. . . To top everything off, the Valet is also really inefficient and it takes forever for them to get you your car. Once, they lost our ticket and we ended up waiting over 30 minutes!! . . I would so not stay here next time and I would not recommend this place.
When you think of Vegas, there are a few things that come to mind. Some of them being... . - Casinos. - Stripers and Hookers. - Drugs. - Oh and the Flamingo girls. . Isn't it one of the things that makes Vegas? This too is an old old casino. I think there are some upgrades that are needed or at least some cleaning. C'mon TLC for one of the classics! . . You definitely don't get the same kind of service as you would at some of the newer hotels. The service and overal ambience of this hotel is subpar. Just take you tourist pictures and leave. Also, do NOT bother with the shows here. Lame, just lame.
This hotel is in dire need of a refurb.  I was pleased to walk up and only wait in line 3 minutes to check in at 11:30 a.m.  Well, I now know why.  First, they charge an early check in fee.  I was in the hotel industry for 10 years and this was my first experience with such a thing.  To avoid this $28 early check in fee, I was given the option of paying $30 to upgrade to their hip "GO" rooms over their substandard rooms.  I say substandard, cause the last time I stayed in one, I wouldn't walk on the carpet barefoot.  Needless to say, the upgrade wasn't worth $30.  Holes in the lamp shades, burnt out bulbs through out the room, an ironing board the was bent and contorted to the point of uselessness, closet doors with broken latches so they wouldn't stay closed, a rattling air conditioner that never cooled the room colder than 74 degrees no matter the temp it was set on and the topper, a testing of their Emergency Life System over the loud speakers at 7:04 a.m.  . . By the way, did I mention I was staying there for free besides the $30 I paid for the "GO" room?  I won't be staying there again for $30 or for free.  Oh yea, I just found that they charged my credit card $103 for something.  That should be fun phone call.. . This place is a dump...
Well, here goes.... . The last, I mean the LAST, time I stayed here, I had to wait 45 minutes in line to check in. With my key in hand, I went upstairs to my room, only to discover someone else was living there. Seriously!. . I mean, the basic covenant with renting a hotel room is supposed to be, you get your own room! Right?. . As for the casino, it is nothing special. The pit bosses are generally pissed at life, and no employees are in the mood for any fun. If you want a engaging positively charged environment, head next door, in either direction, to Bill's, Margaritaville, or even O'Sheas.
Stayed here for two nights. Room wasn't properly cleaned before we got there - empty beer bottle in the room, bathroom half cleaned, ice bucket full of water, and the kicker - mold growing in the trash cans. They sent up security to take a statement about the mold, not sure what that's going to do, but I guess if we get some sort of weird illness, we know why. An apology or free something would have been nice, but I guess that isn't their style.
Our experience was so bad that we are suing the Flamingo in small claims to get our money back!. . Once we arrived, we were delighted to wait 30 minutes in line just to check in. Then, during the 2 mile trek from the desk to the elevator, we were hit-on by an employee trying to sell us a time share! But that was nothing compared to what would come.. . Upon entering the room, we quickly realized that the heater would not work. Then, we realized there was no hot water. So we decided to call the desk for help...but the phone didn't work either! After many tries on our cell, we finally got thru and an engineer came out. He fixed the heater, but not the hot water.. . We are patient people, so we we tried again the next day. Again, an engineer came out. He informed us that the hot water in this floor never works. After much wasted time and effort, we got a NEW ROOM. What could go wrong now?. . Well, the new room's toilet didn't like to flush. At all. So we called, once again, for help. The engineer fixed it. But of course, it broke again the next day. That's a lot of unflushed human waste, my friend.. . DO NOT STAY HERE. Its an overpriced, dilapidated, embarrassment to Las Vegas.
Not good, wouldn't return.. . Location is about all The Flamingo hotel has going for it.. . Check-in was long. Once at the desk, our "upgraded room" (that was paid extra for) did not match the description as provided. We were instead placed facing the Imperial Palace hotel on the North side of the hotel. No view of The Strip or the pool, as boasted. Asked for another room and was awarded a lovely (sarcasm) room on the tenth floor with a great view (more sarcasm) of the roof of the casino and the back of the hotel's lighted signage. Bummed.. . The room was weird. The furniture was scuffed and the bed lacked blankets, just sheets and a weird pink furry deal at the foot of the bed. One of the room's two lamps was without a lightbulb and the bathroom lacked lighting altogether. There was a constant running water sound in the bathroom, as well as a sewage smell that remained throughout our stay. Two of our four towels has mystery stains on them. The fancy "ceiling to floor windows" were unclean and spotty. The "hardwood floors" were a cheap laminate that was dusty and weird.. The walls between rooms are either super thin or this place attracts loud patrons. Either way, we were awakened at 8:00 a.m. one morning by a loud woman's voice from an adjacent room and at 9:15 a.m. another by a maid who entered as she was knocking. Who's awake that early in Vegas?!. The elevators displayed some lovely tagging as scratched into the metal interior. The Shining-esque hallways provided discolored and worn carpet with occasional ripples, ideal for trip hazards. . . The pool closed super early...5:00 p.m. And hotel guests were not permitted to take pool towels out of the pool area, instead you dry off in the gateway and drop your towel. . . I get that this is an older hotel, but judging by the fees we (over)paid for our stay, they have the funds to keep the place clean and fresh with some attention to be given to aesthetic upkeep and improvement. I was disappointed.
You dont get what you pay for. The Hotel is old and cheaply made but prices are extremely high. The internet pictures of the room are not even close compared to reality. Bathroom was dirty and not fully fixed (holes in the floor). Bathroom made a noisy sound even if we did not use it. The waiting lines at the pool were ridiculous. They dont allow to bring a water to the pool but want you to buy one and I had to pay for sunscreen 17bucks! I asked 2 staff members were the fitness center is and was not able to get an answer due to language issues. It would help if they speak english. If you want inernet you have pay 24.99 per day (wireless) or 13 if you use just one computer via cabel. No breakfast indcluded. The smell is indescribable bad all over the place. This hotel and service sucks big time. Stay away!!!
Their standard excuse for everything.....we are undergoing renovation.  When it comes to having no working light switch in your room and the over head towel bar falling on your head in the shower that is NO EXCUSE.  These rooms should not even be rented out.   (Especially at $100 and $190 a night) In addition, there was no available hotel parking for hotel guests (not even valet parking) and the bell hop that was supposed to help us with our luggage (before driving the car  to Ballys to park) never showed up.  Try asking to speak to a hotel manager......after 10 minutes they are still on the phone (probably avoiding speaking to angry hotel guests).
I have been staying at the Flamingo Las Vegas for years.  I always enjoyed the "old school" feel that this place brought.  Plus, the pool is awesome!  I made a reservation four months prior to my arrival May 18.  I reserved two Queens as I was going to have four people in my room this time.  Upon check in, I was told I wasn't guaranteed two queens????  Why make a reservation?  Wasn't four months enough time?  I went back and forth with the Hotel Check In lady.  I kept it professional, but she did not.  After all I did receive my two queens, but what would have happended if there wasn't two available?  I would have lost it.  I told the lady, "if I make a reservation well in advance to tailor to my needs and you cannot guarantee my request?  Maybe I need to look at a different property then."  She replied, "Maybe so sir!"  That was the last straw!  I will never ever stay here again.  I will only stay in Tahoe when i get free rooms.  When I come back to LV and it is quite often, I will start staying at the Wynne, Cosmopolitan or the Aria.  DO NOT STAY HERE, poor customer service and it just seems that they do not give a damn any longer!  If the pool is what you are looking for, pay the $15 entry fee.  Or, do what I am going to do.....hit up Marquee at theCosmo!!!!!!!!
I booked a nice weekend. So I thought. Worst hotel I have ever stayed at. First I waited over an hour to stand in line to check in. Only to find out I was early and they wanted to charge me 35 bucks. The clerk proceeded to tell me that if I didnt want to pay I could check my bags at the bell desk and wait in another line for 45 mins!!! I then decided to order a cocktail from the hotel. I then brought the cocktail to the pool and was not allowed in the pool area with a drink I purchased from their own hotel!!! I was very unhappy that the pools were grouped by age!!! The pool was the main reason we booked here to find out my child that is 12 had to stay in the kid area with a baby slide! I got up the next morning to get coffee from the coffee shop inside the hotel and I have never been treated so rude and had to reapeat my order 3 times and it was still messed up and because they messed up my drink and forgot the Hazelnut they made me pay an additional 50 cents to add it which I had already paid . I WILL NEVER STAY AT THIS HOTEL AGAIN! WORST VACATION EXPERIENCE EVER!!!
This place is horrible. We had two rooms and both of them had stopped up sinks. They came up to "fix" the problem but when they left it was worse! We stayed at this hotel during Memorial Day weekend and parking was horrible. We drove around the city for awhile and when we returned around 2:00am the parking garage was full and they said the spots left are for V.I.P only so we were forced to park a block way at Bally's :/ This happened 2 out of the 4 nights we were there. The rooms are dingy and very old. I will NEVER stay here again and if you want to have a great experience in Vegas you wouldn't stay here either.
I have never in my life been to a hotel that will charge you for every little extra you can imagine.  $15 a day for internet/wi-fi access and $10 a day for access to the gym.  If you are on vacation for 4 days, do the math, it adds up quick.  And you pretty much need wi-fi access because neither me nor my wife could get a cell phone reception in our room even though we had windows facing outside.  Wait a year and pretty soon they will charge you for towels, the pool, and cleaning your room.  Oh, and this was our honeymoon, which the hotel did NOTHING special or comp'd us anything on our special occasion.
Was disappointed in this place. Our Go Room was terrible. There were stains on the floors that looked like someone threw up something red. The walls had black scuff marks all over them. The sofa was an ugly yellow brown and had nasty stains all over it . If there was that many stains that we could see, we shudder to think how much that we couldn't see. The bathroom was nice but the sink didn't drain  all that well. The fridge was like a little tin can stuffed under the desk. The casino was nice though and the so was the rest of the hotel but as for our room, extremely disappointed that was what their upgraded go room was.
Horrible service, stay away!!!
This hotel needs a serious lesson in service! This is not the first time i have been treated rudely at this hotel, but it will definitely be the last! I have been a loyal platinum member at the Harrah's properties for years, and I am shocked that the hotel management would allow staff to treat people the way I was treated. . . Saturday, 6/23/12, morning was the first kick off to the party. After 30 minutes in line and 30 minutes of unsuccessfully finding chairs, we just got a bucket of beers and got into the pool. After my second miller lite, I got out to go the bathroom, and while walking out of the bathroom I decided to call my girl and give her an update on the trip. Well it seems as though you can't have a phone at the pool, because a security guard, Craig S, with a very small overly aggressive god complex charged at me, and in his most hood like language accused me of taking pictures of girls. I immediately said that was crazy and that he is more than welcome to go through my phone to verify that I was doing no such thing. His response was "I don't need to see yo damn phone!" He then accused me again of taking pictures of girls, even citingthat some phantom girl said I was taking pictures. I again explained to him that I was using my phone to talk not to take pictures, and this time pulled up my photo album and told him to look. In his most educated ability he mustered up the same "I don't need to see yo damn phone!" . . Well by now people are staring, and 2 other security guards had rushed in for backup, as Mr S again accused me of taking pictures of girls. Now frustrated that he refuses to accept actual proof I said look this is f-ing crazy and I am not some creep that would do that and to stop accusing me of it. Well I guess that was enough for him to say "your out." I told him no problem I'll go, but that I gamble a lot with his employer and that I would be filing a complaint for what he is unjustifiably putting me through. He told me, now with his heaviest of gangster accents (I guess that makes him tough) "go ahead, yo casino status mean nothing at the pool!" I said ok and that I need his name. His response... (really tough now!) "can't chu read muthaf$&@er" I turned around, looked at his badge and said "yes I can Craig S" I then made it to the front, full escort of 3 security guards, at which point I stopped to put my shirt on as people gazed at the scene that had been created for... what I don't know, maybe Craig hates his life. I mean a simple glance at my phone and a sorry for the misunderstanding would have seemed much more appropriate. . . I proceeded to file an official complaint, which I was met with many apologetic people. Too bad the one guy I would have appreciated an apology from was not brought to the room. I filled out a complaint form, and ranted the story of what had happened to me over and over furious with anger. I asked the security, if you spend 10 grand a year at your local grocery store and a checker began accusing you of this while you stood in line, would you still shop there? He had no words. . . After being told, or how I interpreted it, that the complaint would be sent directly to an investigator's trash can and that I will receive a mass produced BS email saying "we would love to have you back", I decided that my only recourse is to vote with my wallet.. . I went to VIP services where I was met with cardboard cutouts of people. I told the agent that I would like to check out and asked that they refund the next 3 nights understanding that I had never in my life been treated this way and 2 hours in to my bachelor party they had officially ruined it. That is a request that a VIP cardboard rep can not process, so the manager of the mill was called over. She gave me the same line that a refund was not possible. By now I was done, I looked her in the face and said "look if you want to charge me to treat me like dirt, go ahead! I'm still out of here"  she then wiped out 20,000 reward credits and said she would have the money refunded. Mmmm, maybe she thinks I am stupid but using my comp points is not a refund! The sign on the door is very misleading, VIP services... what service?. . I booked a last minute replacement at MGM, and will now forever be living the Mlife! Unless, of course, they decide to steal away the employee of the year, cum laude graduate, better known as Craig S.
I normally let things go but this time I truly had to speak up because I will feel like I'll do future guests of Flamingo a disservice if I didn't. . . I reluctantly made reservations to stay at Flamingo hotel after my cousin assured me the hotel had been renovated, otherwise, I would have never dreamt of staying in a dump like this. Because we were attending a wedding and my daughter was the flower girl, we had to bring the kids so we needed to stay in a hotel with a great pool. When I looked up on the website, and the pool looked great.  I called the hotel and specifically asked the concierge if the pool shown in the website with the waterfalls would allow children and he told me that the pool did indeed allow children.  . . Once we got to Las Vegas, we found out the valet service was full.  We were also informed that the parking structure serving Flamingo is also full.  We asked a parking attendant where to go, and he shrug his shoulder and said:  "don't know what to tell ya.  It took my husband 2 hours to come back from parking the car.  They quickly sell you a room but they don't provide you with the parking.. . Our room was supposed to be non-smoking.  However, the smell of smoke was unbearable. Walking down the hall I found cigarette butts in all the ash trays and some on the floors which never got picked up.   . . The next day we went to the pool. Kids were so excited to go to the pool but we found out that the pool for the kids is the small pool and the wonderful pool with the water falls is for people over 21.  I was livid.  I felt I had beentricked.  . . The next morning at 6 a.m. I woke up with to find our room flooded. My interactions with the hotel staff regarding this incident were so upsetting that I told my husband we should leave a day early and go home.  Not only they were not apologizing for the inconvenience, they were a bit cocky,  Only the manager was sympathetic.  THE WORST SERVICE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED FROM A HOTEL.  . . At the end, they refunded us $100.00 off of our 3 night stay.  Was it worth it? You be the judge....
I had a bad experience on 6/23/12. It was my first time staying here. I have stayed at all the hotels in the Total Rewards program. Valet parking and the parking lot were full. We were directed to Imperial Palace or Ballys. I have never experienced this in all the years I have visited Las Vegas especially on a non-holiday weekend. We had to walk with our luggage in the hot sun for about 1/2 an hour. When I complained to the manager he said there wasn't anything he can do. The only explanation he gave was the hotel gets "lively" on the weekends. He also said it gets like that every weekend (the no parking). I told him I will not ever stay there again and that if I had known of their parking problem I would have stayed somewhere else. I asked for some kind of compensation for our inconvenience he said there was nothing he could do. I am a customer service trainer and this is by far the worst customer service I have experienced. No apology, no explanation, no attempt to remedy the situation or make our discomfort better. I wasn't asking for my room to be free but damn a discount, free lunch, upgrade or at least a heartfelt apology would have gone a long way. So I will tell all my friends who frequent Vegas to not stay here. To top it off the iron was missing from the room and the phone didn't work. Also, I posted this on their Facebook page and they quickly deleted it without addressing it. Very shady and unprofessional.
The star is because I like flamingos, yep that is pretty much it.  I would like to say that this is the poorest run "resort" in Las Vegas.  Upon check in, they did not have a room available in the class that I had reserved.  Being that I clearly had a reservation, I inquired about why I was not receiving what I reserved and paid for.  I was informed that the reservation does not promise a room.  WHAT??????  Well after 35 minutes of addressing that ridiculous statement with a manager, I was told that I would have to   stay  in the small room for 1 night then would be given the room I reserved for the 2 other nights.  Apparently, a reservation does not ensure a clean room either, there were clumps of hair in the shower and food on the floor.  The final straw if that was not enough is parking.  The lot was full and they said valet was full even for hotel guests.  Um what?????  So what are hotel guests supposed to do?  Park at a different hotel.  Yes, that is the statement I just received from the manager along with a statement that the hotel does not ensure parking for it's guests.  Between fighting to get what you paid for and having to drive and walk all over the casinos so that you can pay them for a dirty room.  I would stay pretty much anywhere else.... and from now on that is exactly what I am going to.
Hotel room review.... Normaly most Caesars properties are nice, clean and well kept. Well, not this one. . 1) Banged up furniture . 2) No alarm clock. 3) Dusty and dirty. 4) Broken light fixtures in the bathroom. 5) Uncomfortable bed. 6) Faux hardwood floors? Really? . . I do hope most of the rooms go for cheap, because they need a major overhaul. . Don't get me wrong... I had a GREAT view from the 28th floor ;0) . . One star is a difficult decision for me, but I got's ta!. P.S. Parking nightmare :0/
GROSS!!!GROSS!!!GROSS!!!!-- This place is a total dump- There was old food that had been sitting out for days in the hallway and old band-aids on the carpet. There was a faux fur something on our bed that had more stains than I would like to admit to seeing!!!  The pool according to orbitz was great but it wasn't. There were dirty towels on the bottom of the pool and they shut down the 2 little water slides they had open at 4:30. IT WAS A DUMP!!! It smelled of mildew and fish. It was really Gross. If  you can afford to upgrade we left there and stayed at the Luxor and it was AMAZING!!!!  I wish I could post pics-
This hotel is disgusting! Booked through expedia so they stuck us in a corner room! No hot water! The pool and the staff and security there are rude! The staff t checking less then nice as well!! I will never stay here again they need to get it together, I suggest you nott stay either
Long Lines, Bad and Rude Service. Hotel Hallways smell like sewage and carpets are dirty. TV didn't work in room took them three days to fix it. Pubic Hair in bathroom, and AC unit sounds like a drill over head.
Horrible, Horrible, HORRIBLE, Horror-show at Hotel Hell!!. . I do not know where to start. This was our 3rd stay at this hotel but the 2 other times were over 14 years ago, so I don't know what  has happened to this place but it was God awful. I don't know where to start...... . First off the staff is cranky, rude and unhelpful.  We booked 5 rooms on expedia.  Each room was booked with the person's name who would be staying.  When we called ahead because a person in our group got ill on the flight to Vegas and we asked about early check in, the rude reservation clerk stated "no one is registered under that name" we asked her to check different spellings and before we could even give her a suggestion, she rudely said "I ALREADY CHECKED IT THAT WAY, NO ONE HAS A RESERVATION UNDER THAT NAME!!!"    We explained to Miss Rudy-pants that we paid in FULL at the time of booking so, "if you could, please check again"   She disconnected us. We called back, asked for a manger and was on hold for over 35 minutes.  Finally we called the main reservation line and the customer service was able to find the booking. Our party was  able to check in early, for a small fee, which she tried to give cash but it was not accepted.  Our friend used her debit card and was charged a  $100 deposit without being told this would happen and that of course made her short in her bank account. (college student).. . We checked into our room and almost slipped and fell on a large puddle on the floor. The AC was leaking.  A call to the front desk was met with another snotty customer rep who was more interested in the fact that 2 in our party were 19 and 20 1/2 and  had their own rooms. Her suggestion was we should all sleep together in the same bed like hillbillies.  Not to mention we were charged a $100 deposit for each of the rooms occupied by those under 21 and the front desk NEVER  mentioned any problems or rules about under 21 guests occupying a room.. . We were never offered another room. The maintence guy showed up and said "oh that is just a little condensation"   It was about 12 inches around and on a dark floor. Guess Flamingo does not care if we break a hip in a fall in their room.  The condition apparently has been on going as the room smelled of mold.. . Problem fixed we moved on to the pool area.  They have a section for 21 and over. Just a heads up, prepare to undergo a full body search by an armmed guard. Oh...if you buy a coffee at Mrs. Fields prior to going into the pool, better drink it fast cause, as the guard said "NO FOOD, NO DRINK FROM OUTSIDE"  WTF??   We bought it a few feet away inside the hotel.   The guard also does not like tampons in your purse or he was a total moron because he pulled out the package and asked "what's this".. . Next night at  4am, the A/C again dripped and dripped.  Call to the front desk, waiting 45 mins, no show.  Call a second time waited 2 hours, again a no show. Finally gave up.. . Staff is untrained, rude and nasty.  We asked one employee what time the restaurant was open til and was told "oh it closed" only to find out it is a 24 hour place!!  . . I guess the Korean tourist summed it up best when he let one smelly fart rip  while we tried to enter our room!         THIS PLACE SUCKS!!
This hotel is a waste of money. There was a flood in our bathroom and when the hotel moved us, they DOWNGRADED us!!!!!! It was not a major weekend and the hotel was NOT booked to capacity! The manager was unproffessional, had a ghetto attitude from the beginning of our conversation and she disrespectful when we left the hotel.  I think her name was Anya and there was no higher manager at the hotel on the weekend, they only work during the week. She was HORRIBLE. Not to mention, the staff all smelled of cigarettes and they had so customer service, let alone, hospitality. . . dont downgrade because the price is right, the headache is not worth it.
I love Vegas and love to try different hotels. I was told Flamigo was great, so we decided to try.  It was the WORST experience I have ever had in a hotel!. . 1.  The first room they gave us was not cleaned.  In addition, the black blanket on the bed was coverd in a white substance which we took a wild guess what it was.. . 2.  We asked to change rooms and when they did they a.  downgraded our room as we paid for a strip view b.  the light in the bathroom didnt work.. . 3.  We called a manager to inform them of the situation and he offered a 100 comp and to get our light fixed.  This was at 8am in the morning.. . 4. When we came back to our room at 5 pm our light was not fixed.. . 5.  When we went to use the comp, it was not there.  I called another manager and she said there was nothing she would do and hung up on me.
One word: EEW!  If you're not staying in a 'GO' room... Just say No! Our delux room had stains all over the carpets, furniture that was beaten and chipped, and a college dorm fridge that was warm and set on the floor randomly in our room.. When we called to ask for a different room they told us 'no' and pretty much told us to leave if we didnt like it. . Thank you 'Leah', room assignments, you drove us to the Mandalay Bay where we are soooooo much happier for just $50 more!!! They are great to us here and our room isnt dark, depressing, or look like a crime scene.. I guess 'thats what you get for waking up in Flamingo Hilton! '
Can I give this place no stars?. . Pros: It was cheap and the room was clean... at first. . . Cons: When I slept in past noon the first day -- in part because it took more than an hour to find a parking spot since there is little to no parking, not even valet parking, at the hotel itself -- the room did not get serviced. I even called housekeeping to tell them when I was leaving since I had the "do not disturb" note on past noon, but when I came back in the evening the room had not been serviced.. . When I called the front desk, I was told that putting up the "do not disturb" sign is the same as "declining service," and that once service was "declined" there is no guarantee you will ever get it. . . Declining service pretty much describes this place. Also, the patio at night -- don't look around too closely. It's crawling with some of the most amazing insect life you'll ever see. . . Also, booked a strip view room. I was 'upgraded' to a room with a view of... I dunno... it looked like Lebanon, but I was told it's a construction zone. When I told them that's not what I'd call an upgrade, they told me the room is slightly bigger, therefore it's an upgrade, and don't ask them to do anything else about it. . . If you have a limited budget and low expectations, go ahead and stay here. If you except hotels to have any even limited standard of service, there are much better options on the Strip for the same or a little more money.
This hotel gets a 1-star rating because they run what I consider to be an overcharging scheme. They charge EVERYONE an extra $200/room for incidentals but they don't tell you that when you check in or check out.  They eventually make sure that it's returned 7-10 business days later.  I booked 3 rooms...which means I had a $600 extra charge showing on my credit card account a few days after I checked out...that was a shock that  I didn't enjoy.  If they wanted to tie up $600 of my money for 2 weeks they should have been more forthcoming about it.  I researched it and it's technically in the very fine print when you check in...but I still consider this inappropriate.  I travel a lot and they are the only hotel that ever did this to me.  . . Just to be clear on this:  I made sure to check out in person instead of doing their "quick" check-out to make sure there were no surprises.  They told me I owed $72/room.  In fact, they initiated a $272/room charge to my credit account.  If they had told me "we charged you an extra $200 per room" and then explained it to me I would not have been as upset. It was the fact that they were sneaky about it that turned a bad experience into something I consider an overcharging scheme.
Ended up here because of a conference. . . Pros: I must say the staff was entirely gracious during our visit; they really do a great job of attending to your wishes. Comfy beds and pillows. Large shower and tub. Plush towels. Maids did a great job of cleaning each day and were very friendly. Please remember to tip your maid each day; they work hard.. . Cons: very smokey casino in need of better air exchange system; it just stinks. Very strange furnishings in rooms; not what I would call tasteful. Headboard is some tacky plastic button-type thing. Nine recessed lightbulbs above the bed - so weird. Bathroom door is just a sliding frosted glass, not much privacy there and let's a lot of light through when a person is using it. TV in the bathroom mirror = just silly, imo. Dirty carpeting by elevators and hallways. Lock didn't work on the room safe. Needs overall updating. Not classy. Have to pay for Wifi each day.. . Breakfast buffet:  average, and rather slow service. . . Ended up spending a fair amount of my spare time at other hotel/casinos to enjoy a nicer atmosphere.
First, I will tell you I got an amazing deal.    If I had paid more that I did for the room I would be complaining and getting the room comp'd.  I had problems checking in, the whole process of checking in took about 45 minutes.  The room was clean, but FREEZING, I could not get the A/C to shut off, it was 9:45 at night, I had just drove 4 1/2 hours, I had my 8 year old son, I did not want to wait for some maintenance person.  So I called Guest Services, after waiting on hold form approximately   10 I ordered more blankets.  (the room was 60 degrees).  . . Now I know must people don't go to Vegas to sleep but I would be nice to have as an option.  It wasn't for us, not with the Guns N Roses cover bland playing so close I could sing along with every word.. . Since sleeping wasn't an option, I thought I'd play on my iPad.  I discovered I had to pay $10.00 for internet service - fine.  I kept trying to log on, but it could not find my reservation.  Again, I called Guest Services, after 15 minutes on hold I gave up.  Time to stick my head under a few pillows and tune out Axl Rose.
We stayed at the Flamingo last week since my friend had a free night from the last time he was booked there.  During that time, the front desk lost his reservation and apparently was very unhelpful with finding him another spot to stay...leaving him stranded to fend for himself on his first night in Vegas.. . We got a late flight so checked in at 11:30pm (after an hour long wait).  the room we requested was unavailable, even though we called ahead of time to make sure they still had our reservation and our room.  They preceded to check us into a temporary room with a room change to be made the next morning.  Renee on the front desk was a sweetheart and the only person in the hotel who really seemed to care.  We preceded up to our room and all of a sudden I started coughing and sneezing and was having a severe allergic reaction.  My friend went out in the hallway to get ice and noticed we were in one of the only "Pet Friendly" rooms in the hotel.  I have severe allergies to pets and no one informed us that it was a pet room.  We called down and were placed on hold for 15 mins when we decided to not waste our first night there and hung up to head downstairs to the casino.  We came back to our room at an obscene hour only to find ourselves locked out of our room.  I guess the reasoning was that they changed our room and keys but neglected to tell us this.. . The next morning we phoned front desk to see if our room was ready.  They gave us a timeline of 1pm but when we went to get our new room keys,  the room was still not ready.  Were were given a fantastic room on the 20th floor with a strip view, which is what we wanted in the first place. The only plus of this whole experience.. . When we checked out we had a charge of 160$ in internet...OUT OF THIS WORLD.  when we explained to them how disappointed we were, and how the internet barely worked, the front desk (including supervisor) refused to do anything about it.  They also blamed us for not reading the terms and conditions or telling them about my allergy.  Internet is charged per person per location, so 3 charges were from our initial room., and another 3 from the new room..in the same day.  We had to ask for the number to the internet company and call from our Canadian cell phones because apparently all the phones in the Flamingo are for in house, which I know is a complete lie.  I work in a hotel and this is by far the WORST customer service I've ever received. If the Flamingo is supposed to be this wonderful "centre of the strip, historic, Vegas resort", the staff should stand beside it. We never heard an apology out of anyone.  The internet company ended up taking off the charges for us, and could not believe that the front desk did nothing about it.. . I will NOT stay here again, even though the casino, restaurants and rooms were great for the price.  Customer service is #1 and I was overly disappointed with the service received.
I dont reccomend this hotel to anybody!. . There are cons :. In the morning, housekeeping came into our room and told us when we will check out. We were supposed to stay another 3 days so it didnt make any sense.. We told about it and they left. After an hour another housekeeping lady got in room. In fact I was in shower but she were standing outside and talking to me when I check out! Whats wrong with them?!?!. . Our room tv, side beds lights were broken. . . Bathroom door is slide door and it doesnt close properly so you can hear sounds of when people goes to toilet. . And of course there wasnt lock in bathroom.. . My toothbrish is electronic oneand housekeeping broke it.. . This hotel doesnt have enough parking so when its full, you have to park either Imperior palace or Harrah's which are 15 min away!. . Our room key stop working 2nd day and had to claim about it. . They gave new key but still didnt work but FOUTUNATELY housekeeping didnt close our room door properly so it was loose and could get inside. . After we went out, we try to fix our key. It was 3 am. There wer few people in line for checking in or dealing with similar problem like ours. . It took 40 min for us to get over front desk! 40 min!!!! Thats insane!. . Room wall is really thin so you could hear both sides people's talking.. Everynight my right hand side room people stayed up late and partying so it was kinda hard for me to fall asleep.. Other side room people started fighting. They yelled each other and it stayed several hours.. . . Those reasons, I wont recommend this hotel to anybody.. Only good part of this hotel is location. . Walkable distance to major hotels.
Do not stay at the Flamingo! I repeat, Do not stay at the Flamingo. Reasons why:. . 1. Unclean rooms. We booked 2 rooms. 1st room had one bed, when we had requested two. The bed was messed up, there was trash on the floor. 2nd room was a handicapped room which was fine except I hope that someone who actually was handicapped did not miss out. 3rd room had two beds but both had been rolled around in and dirty towels in the bathroom. 4th room reeked of weed, but otherwise "clean" and thereby deemed acceptable at 4am until they could get us a room on the same floor as the other one the next day. We got in at 11:30pm and went through 4 rooms that were not clean or able to be slept in in 4 hours. Meaning although we paid for a room on Friday, there was not a clean one available.. . 2. Unaccommodating service. 1 out of 3 front desk agents were friendly. We did not hear an apology for any of the dirty rooms and when my friend asked for compensation they acted like they didn't know why. They reluctantly gave us a $30 voucher for a hotel restaurant. Whoopee.. . 3. Slow service at the Mexican restaurant in the casino. Also, guest services said they were open until 2am on Sunday after the marathon. Nope. They turned on all the lights before midnight.. . 4. When cashing in our $30 voucher, my friend had to sign her name and put our room number. The server at the restaurant misunderstood (or not) and charged my friend $30 EXTRA to the room.. . There are so many more reasons I could name to skip over this hotel when planning a trip for Vegas, but the cheap price is not worth it. Other guests that we knew also had problems with their rooms (leaky toilet and shower) and with rude staff.. . Why people stay at the Flamingo:. . - it's central on the Strip (really its only saving grace). - it's cheaper. - it has a convenient small food court. . The flamingos in the courtyard were cool, but walk through as you pass to your better even if a tad more expensive hotel. Do not stay at the Flamingo unless it's for free. And even then, I'd think twice.
I am writing this from the Flamingo and I have two rooms.   The water is off, and it is supposed to come on at 6 AM.   I called Guest Services around 11:00 pm when my daughter who is staying in the other room pounded on my door to say they had no water, and they never picked up.  Went down to the lobby, and all i got was two tiny bottles of water.  No offer of anything whatsoever.  Also, the lamp in my daughter's room has no plug, so they are in semi darkness.  The casino is nice, but gee whiz.  Water is pretty important.   I will write a follow-up after the hotel does or does not do something about this problem.
I will start off with what was good about the hotel: They have nice fluffy towels!. . Ok, now to let you know about my experience at the Flamingo I will need to start as I pulled up at the valet circle. I thought it was all good. I told the valet that we needed bell service. I also needed to get my players card from my trunk. The valet opened the trunk and I got my total rewards card. The valet said the bellman would be over and I asked if he needed my room number and he said no. I closed the trunk and realized that they needed that opened cause our luggage was in there. I went back to open the trunk and proceeded inside to check in. As I was leaving, I saw the bellman (what I thought was the bellman) close the trunk angrily. Oh, well someone was having a bad day, I didn't know it would be me!!!!. . We checked in and proceeded to the room. Yes, it was a renovated room (four years ago, maybe) but they did a shitty job. Now granted, I have worked in the hotel business for 20 years and I noticed soooooo many patch jobs, it was horrible. I use to work at a limited service hotel and it was SOOOOO much better than this patch job. It seems like they only put lipstick on a pig. As I said before, the renovation crew should be shot and the designers should have used better quailty furniture. The room had a touch up but the bathroom WAS NOT renovated at all!! The toilet moved everytime I sat on it; the tub was very slippery and did NOT have a grab bar in the tub. The vent and shower head was rusted and flithy. Again, the towels were nice and fluffy-Good Job! The cheap hard wood floors were a joke. it had lumps in it. Bad shitty job.. . We noticed there wasn't a trash can in the room and called guest services to have one in the room. The lady was nice and even joked that someone stole our trash can. She said she would have one delivered. I'm still waiting..... I thought I would give the housekeeper a hint by putting all the trash on the floor in a nice neat pile, but that didn't work.. . We went to test our lady luck and it was time for my Mother to take her medicine. She went to the room two hours later to find our luggage had NOT been delivered. We went down stairs and asked where our luggage was being held. Guess where it was at.... YEP still in our trunk that they closed. So we had to wait for our car to be sent from valet and at this point, I am pissed and don't want to wait for them to deliver it so we take our own luggage to the room. . . The elevators were hit or miss. My Mom almost got stuck on a couple of elevator twice. Her alternative: walk up and down 21 flights of stairs. NOT GONNA HAPPEN. One elevator was put out of order for the duration of our stay. . . So we are checking out and I can't wait to get back to my HILTON Hotels....any of them. See two reviews up :-)  And I still can not believe that Flamingo was fighting me over my $15 resort credit. That is another story. I spend over $300 a day and they can not honor a $15 resort credit???? SHAME ON TOTAL REWARDS!!!!!! SHAME!!!. . So next time, I will stay at Harrah's, The Quad (aka Imperial Palace), Bally's or Rio. I will even pay extra for Paris or Cesear's Palace but you will not find me staying at Flamingo again. I will gamble there, but I wont stay there!
I have been a loyal guest and proponent of The Flamingo Hotel & Casino for nearly Twenty Years. In the past, I came to enjoy your property for the history, customer service and friendly policy on dogs.  . . Conversely, during a recent stay, over the Christmas Holiday, my entire experience was disenchanting to say the least. . . After driving through oppressing Holiday traffic, I arrived to find both the Valet and Self parking (unapologetically) full, leaving me to locate  parking off site (at another hotel), paying non-guest rates, not to mention  the inconvenience. . . As a whole, the attitude among the Staff was unhelpful and brusque. I (along with other guests I briefly spoke with in passing), felt as if the simplest of requests or inquires were impositions upon the staff. This was a complete change from my previous stays at The Flamingo. . . As a frequent traveler both professionally and personally, I use my American ExpressPlatinum to book all travel in the instance I should ever encounter any issues or for any reason need to utilize their customer service.  Following this wearisome and disappointing experience  I feel it my responsibility to inform Amex, along with -fellow travelers of the substandard Customer Service and unavailable parking.
I wanted a reasonably priced hotel in the heart of the Strip. I thought the price was a little less than I would have went for, but I took it anyway. It is the Flamingo, right? WHAT A MISTAKE! I began having second thoughts when I walked through the casino to the elevators; the check-in was ok, though they wanted to charge me extra for being an hour early and sent me to get a "rewards" card to avoid the fee. The casino has a worn, depressing, smoked-out truck stop feel to it, like the "Golden Nugget." OK, I told myself. "But it is cheaper." I boarded the elevator with my friends, they were staying elsewhere and wanted to see the Flamingo for the first time. The elevators closed, revealing kick marks, scuffs, dirt and smears all over the interior. They opened to reveal carpet taped down with old duct tape. We walked past the old vending and ice machines, right in the hall, no room of their own. It gets better! As we entered my room, there was a nasty fake fur godawful throw laying across the bed, sticky stuff on the floor, mildew around the tub, blistered ceiling and cracks above the shower, and the closet door was hanging off its rollers. A look inside revealed that the entire door was peeling apart. The safe was useless- swipe any casino card from any casino (it asks you to swipe a credit card- yeah, right!!) and it will open. The lamps had not been dusted in at least monthsand the tables were dingy, as if wiped with a dirty rag. The floors are dark fake wood vinyl...depressing as the room itself. Nice towels- they were better than the Wynn's inexplicable sandpaper ones- but the damage was done. I was mortified and embarrased. I reported the problems to a "Jennifer" who could not have cared less. They didn't offer a refund- only an "upgrade" next time. Fool me once, shame on you- fool me twice, shame on me. To think for twenty bucks more a night I would have avoided all this at any other surrounding hotel. Lesson learned.
A dump at any price.
Was awoken to very loud jack hammering and construction noises at 6:30am.  No one told me there was construction going next door when I reserved the room or during check in. Don't stay in the wing facing Harrahs. Asked for my money back. Hotel only refunded $10. I'm extremely unhappy with my stay.
Where shall I began....Let's see...here's a great start!. . 1) Dirty, dingy, stained carpeting. . . 2) Hair all over the place: in the drawers on the beds and in the bathroom too! (I saw the hair upon my first entry in the room!). . 3) Disgusting pink shag bedding (dirty and stained). . 4) Scratched floorboards. . . 5) Dents in the ceiling/damage. . . 6) The view was awful. I was on the 15th floor and when I peeled open the gross curtains and peered out the HUGE floor to ceiling windows I saw the tops of some undeveloped buildings with trash, mud and dirt caked on. At night the broken Flamingo Hotel neon sign was an attractive sight as well!. . 7) The cleaning crew were nice enough, although they kept insisting on cleaning the room I was in even after explaining that I had a later check out time than 11am. They tried to come in three times. . . 8) The food available in the lobby and throughout the casino is highly over priced and really not worth it. Salads are gross, coffee is mediocre and parfait cups are over $7.00 a piece.... . Being surrounded by a cloud of cigarette smoke is just the typical atmosphere of a Las Vegas hotel/casino. Wandering drunkards is also the norm so these are just facts. . . Meh is too kind a word for my experience. . . 1 Star is too kind. Sorry..... It was a gross experience. . . One final note. I think it's really disgusting to advertise burlesque shows inside the elevators while children are traveling with their parents. Not family friendly...Of course if you bring your children to Las Vegas and specifically  stay at a hotel on the strip then your kid will be exposed to a host of filthy behavior anyway so to each their own. . . . $14.99 per day per device for Wi-fi! XD
I give them one star because of the staff. Everything else was well below par and dirty. The hotel is old, the carpets in the hallway were old dirty and loose to the point that you could easily trip on the walk to your room (even if you weren't out drinking). At check in the clerk told me all of the Go Rooms were sold out and she gave us a room with a nice view of the pools and wildlife area, she was nice and tried to help us out but there's only so much a place like this has to offer. The "recently updated" room had a decent bed, but this is we're it stops. The bathroom were old and disgusting. Ceiling falling apart, old dirty looking tile, a 1/4" of dust on the shower vent cover. I complained to the front desk manager at check out and they gave me a 30$ food credit. I'm staying somewhere else next time.
I'm currently on the second night of a two night stay with my family. I usually prefer to stay at the Venetian but my family visiting from Europe wanted to stay somewhere cheaper. This hotel reeks of smoke and sewage. We are on a non smoking floor 22 floors up and the smoke is coming through the AC vent. The hotel is old and dirty. We called for extra towels and they never arrived. They refused to let us check in at 3.45pm because check in was between 4-6. We went to the Buffett for dinner and it's basically just frozen food heated up. Don't waste your time or money here.
Attended a conference and this hotel was definitely not conference grade.  The entire hotel (including conference rooms) was smoke filled, the hotel overall had a very run down feel to it - to the point the even strangers would make comments about the poor condition, such as "We came here last year, but I don't remember the hotel being THAT trashed!" - there were stains all over the carpets (including chewing gum, believe it or not), the hotel charges for "early check in" (what?! - by the way check in took 20 minutes...), internet costs a whopping $14/day, there is no coffee maker (but the hotel will gladly provide "in room coffee" for $12), the furniture is beat up and scratched and looks directly sourced from the Salvation Army, there is rust on the faucets, mold on the caulking, no fridge in the room, no high def. TV, and the list goes on and on.. . On the upside the location is central, but that's about it.
Was a horrible experience overall. When my boyfriend and I first booked our room we booked a suite to stay in for his birthday weekend. When we got to the hotel they said they see the notation in the system that we wanted a suite but they never reserved one. So they put us in a basic room. Took us about 45 to find our room because they put is in a back section of the hotel. Once there my boyfriend decided to relax and take a shower, only to find that our hotel had no towels. At all. I called the front desk and it took them 45 minutes to bring just towels to our room. Our ice machine didn't work so we had to travel to different floors to try and find one that worked. When we tried to speak to a manager about this all they said was there was nothing they could do. Will never stay here or gamble here again.
I am absolutely appalled at the way Flamingo treats their guests.  As regulars in Vegas, my husband and I are used of the level of service at other casinos.  We typically stay at Mirage, Bellagio, or (if my husband is with the guys), Harrah's.  We have always been taken care of, and if anything were to go awry, the casino would do what it could to make us happy.. . Fastforward to Flamingo.  Booked 2 weeks in advance for a girls trip.  Reserved one of the upgrade rooms.  After a long flight, we were greeted by a SURLY young woman at the front desk and were promptly told that our room was NOT AVAILABLE.  If we wanted a comparable room, we would have to pay an additional $129/night or we could have a roll-out cot in a lesser room.  I was SHOCKED.  Had her speak to a supervisor who was too busy to come out of the back office to talk to us.. .  I asked her if this is typical at Flamingo and what they are willing to do to keep us at their casino?  . She said (and I quote): "Nothing, you are welcome to stay somewhere else".     (?????!?!!!!!!!!!?!!!!!!!!!!!)  . . Now, let me just say that the only time this has happened before (room unavailable), Mirage upgraded us at no charge and were extremely apologetic.  Flamingo indicated that there is a fine print on the website, and the deposit doesn't RESERVE the room you want it is only a SUGGESTION for when you arrive to check in.  . . Needless to say, we promptly took our business elsewhere and didn't step foot into Flamingo to gamble or to even buy a drink.  . . The $73 deposit was charged to our visa and was NEVER refunded because while I was there I did not get IN WRITING that we cancelled our reservation.   . . If you're looking for cheap centre strip, stick with Harrah's.  It's not amazing, but at least the staff is friendly and willing to help.
I am a frequent visitor of Vegas and the Flamingo - I enjoy the hotel and never had any issues. But this was the first time I opted to try out the salon on property. My best friend was getting married and we wanted to get our nails done.. We booked an appointment with the salon and I have no bad reviews of the staff. My only issue isI opted for the gel manicure, I was familiar with the style and how long it lasts (roughly 2 weeks with no chips) and of course it cost more than the regular standard manicure. Needless to say I was immensely disappointed when after taking my shower the next morning to see I already had a chip on my pinkie nail. I didn't have time to go back and have them fix it as I was MOH in the wedding and had lots to do that day. I was even MORE upset that I had just spent $60 on a gel manicure only to have both of my thumb nails polish peel completely off by the end of the day. My hands looked ridiculous and I had people ask if I was the nervous one about the wedding. I paid good money to have a manicure/gel polish last me less than 48 hrs. Not acceptable!!. . Save your money on the manicures at the Flamingo Hotel Salon - the staff was very friendly and fun to talk with, but I would have preferred better quality of services than polite staff.
Their service SUCKS big time!!!!!!!! Waited on the phone for at least 10 minutes asking for a toilet paper. I was put in hold for the longest time.l had to call twice for them to give us toilet paper. I got 3 different people on the phone and they were not friendly at all.They need to improve on their customer service. Would hate to stay here again.....very disappointing.
I recently stayed here for the first time. Instead of writing a paragraph here is are some reasons why my stay here was let's just say less than perfect:. . -unfriendly staff, seems like no body likes their job here.... -cleanliness of room was a disappointment. -no early check in, you must pay a fee, and after you pay this fee don't be surprised if they put you in an unclean room only to have to move you . -security guards take their jobs way to serious. -pool is crowded w no seats and limited cabanas. . positives:. -cheap, but I guess you get what you pay for. -centrally located. -margarita ville
I have been to Vegas over 30+ times so I think I know what to expect.  The staff are rude, it smells of Pot, the food service at Cafe Breeze or Breeze Cafe was super slow, over an hour.  The rooms need serious updating, the layout is irritating...but most of all....the Rudeness.  I have stayed Everywhere but here...now I know.  Don't waste your money..spend a few bucks more and stay at the Monte Carlo, MGM...$75 a night vs.  $100 on a special deal...don't worry about the $25, it will be worth to go somewhere else.  It is unfortunate that the Flamingo has lost it's sparkle.  If you have no money stay at Excalibur or something.  Best bet I found is to go to Expedia put in 4 or 5 star and take your chances...I ended up staying at the Aria for $117 night!!!  Yes it's more money, but you're paying for things to be working, staff to be courteous, things to smell good, etc.  I will never stay at the Flamingo again.
*Ahem*. . So the photos of the rooms are not the actual rooms. Not even the newly remodeled ones.. . But let us start at the beginning.... . We stood in the check-in line for no less than 40 minutes at 10 p.m. on a Friday. This gave me plenty of time to inspect that unwashed masses that frequent the down-stairs area at night. It was like seeing the lights come on in a strip club at four in the morning. . . Fine, whatever, it's Las Vegas and it's not exactly the Wynn, either. . . We get up to our room, where the air-conditioning unit sounds like it's got emphysema. The paint int he bathroom was chipped. There was no floor-mat in the bathroom, either. No fridge, no coffee maker. Just a creepy pink-fur rug on the beds, like someone pelted a pimp.. . No one got much sleep because of the AC, so the next morning my dad called the front desk and asked that someone come fix it. At two he called again and found out that the person he spoke to in the morning neglected to actually put in a service request. At 9 p.m. we called again. A technician finally came up and inspected the AC unit (claiming all the while that he'd been up to our room earlier). This time he figured out what was actually wrong. By 11 p.m. the AC was quiet again.. . Did anyone offer to put us in another room? No. Offer comped amenities? Nope. *Apologize* for the inconvenience? As if. . . The signal in the hotel is pretty awful, too. . . All-in-all, if I was FORCED to spend another night in LV, I would pick the Hilton off the strip. NEVER AGAIN, FLAMINGO!!
In town for a friends wedding.  Checked in on a Saturday around noon.  About a 20 minute wait for that.  The room DID look exactly like the one in the picture.  Exactly, in fact.  King sized bed (pretty comfy), flat screen tv, REALLY cheap and ugly pink/black furry.....thing and all.  Didn't really appreciate the ghetto tagging etched into the window.  But that was small and easy to ignore.  And we really loved how centrally located the Flamingo is on the strip.  The Paris and Caesar's are a short walk away (well, "short" in Vegas terms).  We were enjoying our stay and the casino (did really well at Black Jack and the dealer - his name was T.G. - was alot of fun!!).  Had breakfast at the Paradise Buffet on Sunday morning.  You pay for the buffet up front and input your tip (kind of weird to tip before you've had your meal).  I input $6.00 as the tip.  The girl at the register mistakenly input $600.00!!!  No problem, though, she caught the mistake herself and said she would fix it.  Midway through our breakfast, she brought us a new receipt showing the corrections.  Cool.. . Next morning, we want to check out.  So we go to the handy dandy "Express Checkout" function on our TV.  I've done this many times at many hotels.  We go through the whole process only for the TV to tell us the "Express Checkout" is not working.  Great.  So we go to the Lobby and head for the Registration Desk.  The line is huge.  And, yes, there were only 3 people at the Registration Desk.  Someone else here commented that they have WAAAY to few people working the desk for a property of this size.  And they are absolutely right.  And the 3 people that were working were so SLOOOOOOW!!!  After awhile, and realiziing we were going to be late for our flight, my partner noticed one of those old fashioned express checkout boxes where you fill out the card, drop your keys and the card in the box and you're on your way.  Fine.  Did it.  Done.  Rushing to the taxi stand, we notice there are about 6 people ahead of us.  And no taxis waiting.  No taxis.  None.  At a Las Vegas hotel.  In the center of The Strip.  The "helpful" taxi attendant said that the hotel shuttle was right around the corner and waiting and it's only $7.00.  We were pressed for time and couldn't afford to go to 6 different hotels to pick up more people (we took the shuttle from the airport to the Flamingo and stopped at 7 properties before they dropped us a block from the hotel entrance - they said it was due to construction but, it's funny, to pick people up, they pulled right up to the door).  So, we told him no, thanks.  We'll wait for a cab.  He says, "Ok, gonna be awhile."  And walks away.  5 minutes later, the shuttle leaves the property.  And wouldn't you know it, as soon as the shuttle leaves, taxi after taxi after taxi showed up like the Flamingo was the only resort in town.  That got me so mad I couldn't stand it!!  What a scam!!!  The taxi ride only cost $15.00, with tip!. . So, outside of the Flamingo's influence, the flight home was fine.  . . Except when I looked at my bank statement today.  Guess what $600.00 charge went through??  The torment continues.
What a horrible experience.  Room service sucked. 1 1/2 hours after ordering they "no showed." The tv constantly screwed up. The pool was a horrible mess.... One girl was puking in a garbage can. The one-on-one staff was very helpful & kind but getting ahold of anyone takes literally 20 minutes on hold. It's sad because the employees are very willing to provide great service but the management seems to be a total mess!
I see we are not covering anything here so have a great evening, and I will copy and paste this on yelp. Thank you Customer ChatChat TranscriptPlease wait while we find an agent to assist you...You are currently at position number 2 in the queue. All agents are meanwhile busy. Please stand by. An agent will be with you in a moment. Thankyou for your patience. You are meanwhile at position number 2 in the queue. The next available agent will be with you in a moment. All agents are meanwhile busy. Please stand by. You are currently at position number 1 in the queue. An agent will be with you in a moment. Thank you for your patience. The next available agent will be with you in a moment.You have been connected to Sarah M...Sarah M.:  Hi there! How may I assist you with your reservation today?. . David:  What kind of price could I get at the flamingo hotel. For Aug 8 to Aug 11, We will be arriving around 2:00 p.m. and departing around noon. . . Sarah M.:  I'll be happy to help with your questions and reservation today!. . Sarah M.:  Please give me 3 to 5 minutes to check on that for you.. . David:  The Ex Caliber is offering a rate at 65.00 a night.. . David:  Did I lose you?. . Sarah M.:  Thank you for waiting. I am showing that the Flamingo has a Deluxe Room for $93.33 per night. How does that sound?. . David:  Not good. I can get it for 65.00 plus tax for a one bedroom two beds non smoking breakfast. I thought you compared prices online let try again.. . David:  It a corporate meeting I am attending that is very high.. . David:  It a corporate meeting I am attending that is very high.. . Sarah M.:  I can only offer the same pricing and inventory shown on our website.. . David:  Hmm I just spoke with your reservation department, and they told me to speak with the online web chat that they can offer better prices. Why are you not willing to help?. . Sarah M.:  I can only offer what's listed online. I'm showing that the Flamingo Las Vegas is $93.33 per night for the 8th to the 11th.. . David:  With price line, I can get a room for two beds for $160.71 everything included.. . Sarah M.:  You're on the Name Your Own-Price page.. . Sarah M.:  With Name, Your Own Price what will happen is you will choose your area, star level and price. Then you will review the information and agree upon the terms and conditions. Once you enter your credit card information and click the "Buy My Hotel Room Now" button, we will search for a hotel for you. If we find one, then we will book you there and charge your card, then you will get the hotel's name and information.. . David:  That is sad you are not willing to price it better than that. I guess I will yelp your status and copy the feedback on yelp.. . Sarah M.:  I am showing you are on the Name Your Own Price.. . David:  That's fine I'll just yelp this whole conversation and leave a bad feedback.. . Sarah M.:  With that option, you can choose the price you want to pay. However, you are not guaranteed a specific bed type, or a specific hotel, like the Flamingo.. . Sarah M.:  If you are only interested in the Flamingo, it is the $93.33 per night price.. . Sarah M.:  Name Your Own Price is mainly about savings, so the hotel name is not disclosed until after purchase. However, you will get a quality hotel, and it will match your selected star rating (or higher), area selection, travel dates, and number of rooms.. . David:  Well, the Flamingo is not a nice hotel it's old and smells so don't try to pull that on me. There are better hotels out there then yours.. . Sarah M.:  If you choose to Name Your Own Price, you are not guaranteed a specific hotel, or specific beds.. . Sarah M.:  We do guarantee that if your bid is accepted, the hotel will be in the area that you selected, at the star level or higher than you specified.. . David:  I am sure they are willing to work for their customers.. . Sarah M.:  With Name Your Own Price, all rooms will accommodate up to two adults. Requests for bed types (King, Queen, two Doubles, etc.) or other special needs (including preferences for smoking or non-smoking rooms) should be requested through your confirmed hotel and cannot be guaranteed.. . Sarah M.:  If knowing your exact hotel is important to you, I recommend you use our "list view" option. Using this option, you can choose a specific hotel and room type that is within your price range. Which option will work best for you?. . David:  I see we are not covering anything here so have a great evening, and I will copy and paste this on yelp. Thank you
Horrible service. We were given a smoking room the first night although we requested non-smoking. Upon room change the hotel lost one of our bags and was not found for almost 24 hrs. We spent hrs of our day with security looking for it only to be compensated $50 food credit which wasn't even good at most locations in the hotel. We tried to get late checkout on Sunday  because me lost so much of our previous day searching for the bag and were denied. Manager quoted us a price much higher than published rates and even more than weekend rates. The pool was closed to a private party on Saturday which we were not warned about upon booking. Neither of our rooms were strip view like we requested and paid for. We will never stay here again. Go pool was fun when it was actually open.
FECES ON THE CARPET.  I've never written a negative Yelp before, but the Flamingo in Las Vegas has earned it.  My recent bad experience happened just last weekend, but first I need to share the lead-up.. . Several year ago when I checked into the Flamingo, I went up to my room and the card key did not work.  I went down to the desk and they gave me another one.  Up to my room again, and that one didn't work either.  Back down to the desk and they decided to give me a new room and a new key.   I went up to my new room, and this time the key card worked.  Only problem was there was a half-naked fat guy in my room (a stranger, to be clear).. . The Flamingo finally got lucky when they issued me a 4th card to a 3rd room.  I got in and it was unoccupied.  Now usually I'm a very accepting person -- but after all this inconvenience and embarrassment, I felt I was entitled to a little compensation.  Any decent hotel would have offered without me asking, but the Flamingo had not -- so I asked.  After a little reluctance they finally offered me a voucher for $20-worth of food at  their coffee shop/breakfast counter near the back of the hotel.  When I went to redeem the voucher, the woman at the cash register didn't know what I was talking about.  She needed to take the time to call the front desk to get confirmation.  And when she did, a line of people built up behind me and the other guests grumbled and cursed me.  Gee, thanks, Flamingo!. . Flash forward a few years.  My brother got us a good deal (for just last weekend), so I decided to give the Flamingo one more chance.  I arrived at the hotel with my brother and we went to the desk to check in together.  Casual conversation with the woman there revealed my past bad experiences.  Right there at the desk, half-jokingly, I bet my brother $10 that there would be trouble -- that either the card key wouldn't work, or there'd be a naked fat man in the room.. . Up to the room we went.  We got in fine and the room was not occupied.  I was happy to have lost the bet.  As we began to settle in, I'd taken my sneakers and socks off and was walking around the place.  A few times I stepped on something small and crumbly with my bare feet right next to my bed.  At one point I bent down to see what it was.  Looked like a bit of a brownie or cookie.  Oh well, I picked it up to throw it away.  It looked funny, so I gave it a sniff.  ... Shit.  I was holding a small, dry, elongated piece of shit.  Disgusted, I went to the toilet to throw it away.  I flushed and washed my hands.. . (Can you believe I was going to let this go?  I was so determined not to have another bad experience that I was going to let this go.)  I gathered some toilet paper and went back over to where I'd found the feces, intending to just wash the area a little.  But when I did, I discovered two more pieces.  My brother tried to suggest that "Maybe it's flamingo shit that somebody tracked in on their shoes."  "No," I said, "this is mammal shit.  It's either dog or human.  Either way, there's no excuse.". . So my brother got on the horn and complained to the hotel.  Their first offer was to come and clean the rug.  But my brother insisted on a new room.  We got a new room "upgraded" to the Strip side of the hotel.  We accepted.  Turns out that room was a little smaller than our previous room, and the view wasn't as nice because it had one of those gigantic ads plastered across the window -- later turned out to be part of Donny Osmond's hair.. . Bottom line: Any decent hotel would have given us a night free.  Any GOOD hotel would have probably given us the whole 3 nights for free.  Do you think you would have found shit on the floor of the Bellagio?  Would they not have bent over backwards in apology?  The Flamingo's recent upgrade is nothing but lipstick on a pig -- just as I'd predicted before we arrived.  Some of the rooms may look more hip and modern, but it is managed just as badly as every.  It's a shit hole.. . Nice pool though!
This place is beyond disappointing. At least 30 people in our group, all of which were disappointed or had noticeable damage to their room. IF you get a "remodeled" room be prepared to half a remodeled  room. The bathrooms are still old, gross and have mold. Mirror was broken, counter tops torn off, floor missing. Ridiculous. . As for the rest of the hotel, it is seriously neglected. Rugs, walls, windows, and elevators are completely just dirty. They can't possibly have cleaning employees. It's too bad because it's been a part of the strip for so long.
I stayed here during a business trip in April 2013.  I was excited before I arrived because it was my first time in Vegas.  However, this quickly faded.  My room was not what I expected in fact I have actually stayed at Holiday Inns that were better.. . The furniture had ink writing/drawings on it. The windows were very dirty, and 2 nights I had no hot water.  Not to mention WIFI is charged, and there the room only has basic cable.  Once again Holiday Inn's offer free WIFI and HBO.  The elevators are horrible graffiti and missing wall mounts.  They writing and scratches all over it...reminded me of the mall elevators.. . Most of the staff at the check in counter are very friendly but the rest of the staff not so much.  I called to get my hot water fixed and it took 25 mins for someone to come to the room.  Then the maint. guy step with his dirty boots all over the floor mat.  The hotel did not offer any comp. for the bad service.. . The best thing about this hotel is the outside area...its beautiful with the water falls, ducks, birds, and fish.. . I am looking forward to going to Vegas again but I promise it WILL NOT be there.
Do not go see legends in concert here. 1 hour show, not worth the $$. Michael Jackson impersonator was great! But Elvis, Brittany spears, and rod Stewart not so good....  Would not waste the$$ to attend this!
Pretty cheap with the Allegiant package...but for a reason.  The wallpaper in the halls was peeling off, the room we had (on the 23rd floor) was meh, although the view was nice.  Decor was dated and the fixtures in the bathroom were rusty.  There was a large clump of hair on the shower wall when I stepped in for the first shower, and the room was quite dusty.  . Overall I'm a little scared that my blanket wasn't clean and the floors were filthy (linoleum).  The other floors may have been updated and look different, I didn't stop and look around.. Oh, and in the spirit of being in the most expensive and non visitor friendly city in the world, there was NO COFFEE POT in the room.  If youdepend on fresh caffeine in the morning, you will be walking through the hotel to find it and standing in line to pay out the nose for it!
Horrible customer service from Jim A and manager Mr. Osorio!  Alarms went off twice, constantly dripping shower, room keys stopped working for 2 rooms, very Little seating at the 21 and over pool( you have to rent a couch for $300! I didn't get as much as an apology from management!  I go to Vegas 6 times a year and this was by far the worst experience EVER!  Not worth the savings!   Find people who love their jobs!  I would stay at circus circus before coming here again!
Man this place sucked. We stayed here because we read the Flamingo has one of the top 10 pools and it was my birthday "girls" trip. We arrived at 3pm and check in wasn't until 4pm. Can we check in early? If we want to pay a $15 fee or buy a room upgrade to check in early. The cashier was a real snoot about it too. I said we were excited to get to the pool and wasn't there a vacant room only one hour early? Nope (BS). So we wandered around on principal alone and checked out the scene. The pool was crazy busy and we saw a sign saying the pool was open 10am-6pm. 6pm?? I stopped and asked the security guard who said that when its "in season" they'll close at 7pm but for now its 6pm. In season??? Its June! Its 105 friggin degrees! 7?? Thats still too early!! We could have stayed at the Gold Nugget and swam next to sharks till 11pm every night! So then we wait till 4 to check in, and the bell guy of course can't get the dang luggage to the room (probably due to the huge amount of luggage dispersed at 4:01pm) until about 445 pm. Needless to say, day 1 - no pool. . NEXT. the toilet spun/flushed itself every 11-14 minutes (we timed it while we waited for the Bell boy) and the pipes groaned so I called and asked hotel to come fix it. There was no way to turn the water off because the knob was gone. The man who answered was a smart ass and I thought he was blowing smoke up my..ya know... and yep he was. That night we returned from our outing with the toilet flushing and whining. Next day I called and asked if they'd checked it out. The lady who answered said there was no request for a fix. Of course. So I don't know if it got fixed. . We went out to eat for breakfast at the cafe thinking of getting something light. The food was small and cost just as much as the buffet. At least the coffee was decent. I ended up going to Tahiti Village to stay and it was pretty nice. Had a cool lazy river, but was a bit off the strip. I have stayed at Harrahs too and that was fine, but I don't remember checking out the pool.... I don't recommend Flamingo.
A poor quality managed hotel, Nightmare. Dirty Pool!. Perhaps, it's about the time to demolish this hotel and build a new one with good quality managers. We had absolutely a nightmare stay in this hotel during our June trip. 2nd time we visited this hotel butt last year it was more reasonable. We stayed at "Go Room". Managers are bunch of clowns with absolutely no authority to exercise their duties when there are problems. Absolutely worthless managers. Which part of our stay I should talk about? When we checked in they put us in lower level room because they were overbooked while I made the reservation a month in advance. Or when we return to our room to sleep at 2 Am, the room wasn't cleaned so the clown manager, Randy, saying to us it would be done 1st thing in the morning while was smirking... We need a bed to sleep so we demanded room to be cleaned and Randy manger said housekeeper would be at our room within 10 min but an hour past and no one showed up. Then we called housekeeping manger, Debra, and she said that housekeeper is cleaning executive room and promised to get it cleaned soon. And yes, housekeeper showed up at 3 Am to clean our room. What an excellent service!. This hotel is managed by bunch of mafia looking organization so those managers looking persons are just puppets or clowns.
First off, be prepared to wait a long time when checking in. So unorganized .  The check in clerk was rude and could tell he didn't want to be there.  Room was just okay. No wifi in the room unless you wanted to pay $13.00 a day.  . The hallway carpet was sooo DIRTY (plain gross).   Food trays, pizza boxes and beer bottles left in hallway for a full day.   Food okay, but over priced. However, Carlos & Charlie's was very good.  The place is very outdated...needs a major redo. Originally, planned on staying at Flamingo for 3 nights, but could only take it for 1 night.  Went (ran) to another hotel the next morning. Stayed our remaining nights at New York New York. Friendly staff, CLEAN, modern, beautiful room and FREE WIFI!!!!
Our "deluxe" room was anything but. we got one room, and then asked for another as we were hoping we just got one bad room. Not so much. The new room had most of the problems of the old one. Paint was peeling from the ceiling in the main room and the bathroom. Chunks of the dresser and headboards had been removed violently. All the furniture in the room was damaged, some badly. The bath faucet was rotting away. Someone had taken one of the toilet paper rolls and replaced it with a Flamingo ballpoint pen which didn't allow for actually removing toilet paper and when we took it off, the pen promptly spewed ink all over the counter. The tile grout is missing in some places, black in others. The yellowed, opaque shower curtain means you're mostly showering the dark. The closet doors had two of the plastic wheel broken which meant it took the strength of Samson to move the doors. We just ended up leaving them open. Did I mention that chunk of wood almost the size of my head missing from the dresser? Holes in the main curtain let pretty, if not somewhat unappealing streams of light into our room. The carpets in the room were stained. The sheets had holes in them. There is a dearth of electrical sockets in the room. One ancient power strip, on the floor, under the desk, which wouldn't plugs for some reason. In the 21st century there is no excuse not have some decent availability to power in the room. When we moved the night stand to plug in a phone charger we discovered an electrical plug laying, not mounted, in a hole in the wall. No plate. The socket wasn't secured in a proper box, it's just there. I cannot imagine how that is compliant with local building codes or even standard safety practices. The noise from the new outdoor nightclubs wafts its way up to the 26th floor. Yes, if you're a techno fan this is heaven because you'll have a soundtrack to your life in your room for free. If you just want to sleep, not so much. Finally and most sadly, there is vandalism all over this property. The cut glass in the main elevator was smashed yesterday morning and had cardboard taped over it. All the elevator interiors, inside the hotel, have been vandalized and tagged. If you want a post apocalyptic vision of Vegas, just stay at the Flamingo.. . There are, or were some nice room at the Flamingo, just not most of them. "Updated" means they changed the flooring and left rotting furniture and fixtures in place. Parse what they claim carefully.. . As I write this review, it's 1 in the afternoon, my wife is sleeping and out in the hall, is a tremendously conversation between two of the housekeeping staff yes, bookending our do not disturb sign. Sigh.... . "Nobody comes to Vegas to stay in the room". . That might be true but no one pays the higher rates you find in Vegas these days to stay in a dump either. These rooms used to be nice. Now they're not and it's not because the Flamingo has problems booking guests. There's no reason to pay top dollar for what used to be cheap mid-week stays only to get a room that would shame a Travelodge. Location is important. For my wife and I, we have a history in this property but we're both over it. This experience has been so disappointing that, if (and that's a big if) we come back to Vegas, we'll stay somewhere way off the strip, avoid "resort fees" and the rest of mediocrity.. . Money.. . There was a time in Vegas where rooms, meals and drinks were cheap. Gambling paid the bills. The problem is, in attempting to broaden their appeal Vegas casinos are now full service family friendly places where the casino now also makes money on meals and, well, everything. The .99 shrimp cocktail has been replaced the $5 cup of coffee. Nothing is cheap. Nothing is even really easy. We were surprised at how busy everything was. The middle-end of June used to the start of the dead season and this time around, everything was crowded. That's not a complaint. If you have social anxiety Vegas is not the place for you but we were surprised and given our observations on the Flamingo specifically, we were amazed that the place was full up.. . In the end, avoid the Flamingo. The resort fees are an insult to you as a customer. The rooms are out of date and desperately need updating and real cleaning. The entire property looks more like a cold war era, Eastern European prison with the vandalism and damage to the building and fixtures. Casinos used to glitter and even if that glitter was superficial, it was clean. It was bright and it worked. Now, the Flamingo looks more like a beat and battered K-Mart than a once proud landmark on the strip.
Context, I've been visiting Las Vegas since 1980. I've stayed in various properties in town for dozens of night, probably over a hundred. I've seen Vegas change and evolve.. . Location, location, location.. . The Flamingo enjoys one of the best locations on the strip. It's easy distance to some of the best stuff here. That will never change unless they demo the place. Which, at this point, seems to be the plan of the owners.. . The parking at Flamingo has only gotten a little worse over years. The structure is now home Hertz rental car returns, some Hilton property and the Flamingo's own valet. Which means that  guests park in the remaining spots in the top four levels and some of that is taking up by these other competing interests. In other words, it's likely you'll be parking on the roof where your car will sit in the desert sun. Where the elevator only comes to the level below (which means hauling your luggage down a flight of nasty, metal stairs). Be prepared. It's not the end of the world but it's not what I would call "resort treatment".. . Speaking of the parking structure, the structure and especially the elevator is disgusting. There is graffiti on the walls and the elevators look like something you might expect to find a in prison, not a "Vegas Resort". And disgusting, I'm not just talking about the graffiti, the elevators are covered in stains from spilled drinks, vomit, you name it. You can't use the parking garage elevators without wanting to shower afterwards. In bleach.. . Resort Fees.. . Ah, Las Vegas has finally found a way to screw guests out of more money while showing a lower price per night. You are now commanded to pay a $20 resort fee which allows you to use the pool and, allegedly, gain some internet access (which is limited to one device and limited in time). It's heinous, dishonest and vile way to extract more money from guests and yes, every property does it. Yes, it is mandatory, just $20 or more to the price of every hotel you look at.. . At one time the Flamingo was one of the values on the strip. That said, any "renovation" or "updating" the Flamingo claims is taking place wasn't evident to us. The carpets in the hallways are 14 years old or more (we know, we were here when they were new). The same carpets are stained and in my places coming up from the floor or even openly torn making luggage hauling, or just walking, a little more exciting.. . We check in at 4pm on a Tuesday. We waited about half an hour, which didn't seem totally unreasonable but was, in no way, pleasant.. . A small child attempted some impromptu breakdancing and yelling on the floor next to us which was somewhat entertaining but who in the hell wants their small child rolling around on a casino floor which, by the way, managed to get the child's feet black as coal. This is important because moments later the father of the child, now at the front counter, picked the filthy kid up and put him, yes, on the counter, where his nasty feet ran back and forth. On. The. Counter. Yes, where your hands go when you sign in. Let that sink in.. . ---If you read the "older review" you'll find the rest of our experience there---Same trip, just so much to write that it wouldn't fit into Yelp's format...
Definitely won't be returning to the Flamingo during the rest of my lifetime. First, the entrances were temporarily closed for construction. I spoke with three people and all three gave me differing directions to get to their hotel. I was already running out of gas, so I decided to put gas before running around and around and around. The valets and bell service personnel were very friendly, nice, accommodating, and as fast as they could be. However, the noise from down at one of their areas was so loud it kept me up and I was on the 16th floor. I feel sorry for those below me. The airconditioner was so loud I had stereo from the noise outside and the noise inside. On our way out, there was some drunk guy sitting right in front of our door. Later when we returned there was a row of empty glasses where he sat and a mess that someone tried to clean up. GROSS. Some lady's little dog was running up and down the hall, no collar, no supervision, because she was talking on her cell and sitting on the floor near the elevator. For the price we paid to stay there, I was expecting a 5 star hotel. I've had better service and a quieter room at Best Western. To get anything done over the phone, I had to speak with more than three or four people. The lines for checking in and out are too long for anyone's convenience. They do have express check in and you can check out via the tv options. Now to order a copy of your bill that's a whole other story. Our room claimed to be recently renovated, I would hate to see what it looked like before our stay.My recommendation, find another place to stay.
I am a LV local and I have stayed at the Flamingo several times and play blackjack there every few months or so.. . I will be brutally honest:  This place is a complete dump.  It is dirty, outdated, broken down, and disgusting.  The casino is overrun with hookers and pimps at night. . . The only thing going for this sawdust joint is its central location on the LV Strip.. . You have been warned... Enjoy your stay in LV!. . JH
Pros: Location, pool. Cons: Rude gaming staff, prime strip views obstructed by "Donnie & Marie" window banner, cockroach seen scurrying about in sportsbook, smell of gaming floor. . . My wife and I have been to Vegas several times over the last few years and were a bit reluctant to stay at the Flamingo but did so to stay at same hotel as friends. We paid for a Luxury Go room with strip view to make the best of the room options (The Fab rooms are notoriously underwhelming and oftentimes described as filthy). . . The view was amazing, full view of Caesar's, Rio, Palms and could see Bellagio/fountains slightly to the left. Unfortunately the view was heavily obscured by the oversized "Donnie and Marie" banner strung across that entire side of the building. So the entire view was seen as if viewing through a mesh t-shirt. Was the room discounted due to this eyesore? Of course not. Also, the outer panes of the floor to ceiling windows had 5-6 FEET of cracks on them, longest of which was a half circle about 2 feet in length. . . The pool and sportsbook were nearby the elevators which was convenient, and the hotel sits close to the strip, which is good because spending much time in the heavily cigarette stenched gaming area of the Flamingo is not ideal. . . We experienced an awful customer service interaction at a slot machine (with an attendent and a floor supervisor) which I won't go into here, but they quickly accuse their guests of wrongdoing, even with evidence to the contrary. You would think getting a refund on your money placed in a malfunctioning slot machine before even taking a pull would be a clear-cut situation. Apparently not at The Flamingo. . . Finally, me and 8 friends saw one of the notorious Flamingo cockroaches running around the sportsbook. I got a nice picture and will add it to Yelp if that is possible (edit: added pic to my photos). . . We will return to Vegas many times in the future, just not at The Flamingo. The experience was so poor we probably will abstain from spending any more $$ at any Caesar's property.
I have experienced way better hotels in my travels around the world. I was very disappointed with pretty much all aspects of this hotel. We arrived very late on Thursday evening of last week about 24 hours before I was going to be married, and had to wait in quite the line to get checked in. The most annoying thing was not the line but the fact that they could not find any of the reservations we made, there were 4 rooms booked in total under our name.  .     Finally after much trouble my Fiance found the conformation number in an email on his phone. After showing it to the attendant at the desk she slowly entered our info and passed over our keys. What I do not understand is how our info was so messed up when we made our reservations through their website, all rooms were assigned by us to our guests and their info was typed by us. The attendant botched all the names and rearranged it so that a few of our guests last names had been switched with others. How stupid do you have to be to not listen and have us repeat everything three or more times. We also specifically booked non smoking rooms but were informed that they had none available. How is that possible? .    After finally settling at the counter we made our way to the bank of elevators that she had directed us to in the lobby and up 23 floors. After a dizzying walk around we finally found a random security guard who informed us we had been directed to the wrong elevators. Seriously? How can you mess up directions to a place you work for? .       When we arrived at our suite, we were delighted at the style and furnishings, and an impeccable view to boot. These attributes and the go pool are this hotels only saving graces. More on the pool later. .       Everyone else seemed to be happy with their rooms too, except for one of our asthmatic friends who could not tolerate the smell of smoke that permeated from every inch of their room. I was also very upset that the four rooms we booked were on completely different sides and floors of the hotel. We were there to celebrate a wedding and wanted our friends to be close. .      Anyhow, on our first morning at the hotel we were rudely walked in on by the cleaning staff despite the fact that we not only had the do not disturb sign provided by the hotel but one I made for all our guests and us for our wedding. .       Our Second morning started the same way. We decided to go hang by the pool and let me just say this was one of the best pools I had been to in awhile. Also one of the reasons why we decided to stay there, it was voted one of the best pools in Vegas. The pool did open 15 minutes late and they started kicking everyone out 15 minutes before they closed. A half hour of swim time is a lot to miss out on, especially in the heat that is Vegas. After leaving the pool, EARLY, we went to our room and ordered room service. We ordered a cobb salad and a plain cheese quesadilla. It took and hour and forty five minutes to be delivered, they said they always get flooded with orders when the pool closes. If they know that little tidbit of info, don't you think you should put more staff on at that time. We could have gone out to eat and been back to the hotel before our food came. .     At this point we were so disenchanted that we pretty much stayed away from the hotel until we were too exhausted to stand and needed to sleep and prep to go back out. We went to the Aria and it was awesome, decided next time that is the hotel to stay at. Even the employees were happy and helpful. The flamingo employees were angry, terse, and pretty much seemed liked they hated everything and everyone. .      We asked for a late check out, considering we just got married we thought this would not be an issue, plus we offered to pay. They rudely informed us that we could not due to being fully booked. I was curious so while we went to breakfast I got on my phone and searched for available rooms. The interwebs said they had plenty of rooms left. So someone was lying, I wanted an hour max, not another day, I had just been married for F's sake!  .    Since we couldn't check out later we made the decision to leave our bags with the bellhop service while we went to eat some breakfast before the long drive back to LA. The bellhop was so cold and short. It was like he was doing us a favor instead of doing his job that he was getting paid to do. I understand everyone has bad days, but keep that shit to yourself, especially when you're at work. .      When we went to pick up our luggage and load it in the car we were faced with a long line due to the disorganization that obviously runs rampant at this hotel. What is management doing while their employees are giving such terrible service to paying customers? If I wasn't on the high of being deliriously happy due to just being married this experience would have ruined my vacation completely. I will never give my hard earned money to this hotel EVER AGAIN!!!! .   .     . EPIC FAIL FLAMINGO!!!! EPIC FAIL!!!!!
Go somewhere else.  . . Cons:. - Construction going on everywhere made it hard to get to and hard to get around.. - Huge line to check in - everything took waaaay too long and was very disorganized. - Tried to go to pool one day but they had closed part of it because they didn't have enough lifeguards, then started yelling at us. - Harrahs is right next door and has comparable pricing, so I'd go there if looking for a good deal.. . Pros - Rooms were nice.  Pool wasn't bad.  Would be fine if they were more organized and focused more on helping their customers
I shouldn't give this hotel a full star!  Rude staff, when I complained to a manager, I received no apology and I felt belittled!  I filled out a complaint form and sent an email with my phone number, email address and rewards number and never heard back from anyone!  I don't want a free room or any comps because I would NEVER stay here again...free or not!  My rewards card is now cut up in a trash can, there are too many GREAT places that are new and treat you well to put up with their monatany!
dirty ... dingy... sh*tty parking . . basically a hotel 8 on the strip ... i thought imperial palace sucked but this one has taken over that title .... . only pro : location on the strip , variety of new slot machines. . pay extra (or wait for a good deal) and try another hotel that's newer or cares about its guests !
Cut right to the chase:. . -Construction everywhere, dusty, so you're navigating thru pot holes and noisy steel plates hoping not to blow a tire.... . -Parking is the worst.. had to use the employee lot across the street !!! Really great selling point when its 107 outside!. . -Check in times at 4pm? Seems a bit late IMO... . . -Once you wait in line for sometime , you're greeted by what appears to be a mannequin or someone who's nervous system has been cut... cold and unfriendly - Basically will tell you anything (told me the couch was a ''fold out'' after I specifically asked for 2 doubles) to get you moving. . . -The elevators .. some specifically  go up , some only go down... WTF???. . -The carpets .. holy sh!t ... dirty, smelly, color of moldy lime jello,  look like they were purchased from a hotel during Katrina! Just plain nasty! You wouldn't dare walk barefoot on them (As you might walking back from the pool, etc). . - Our "upgraded'' Room stunk, TV waay too far & too small from the bed , bathroom was old and showed it.. . -Food Court Looked Okay - Didn't eat there , so no comment. . -We finally decided on the cafe just before the buffet location (We got in late and didn'tfeel like walking up n down the Strip) - Big mistake, should've  Horrible food , more of the ugly carpet.... . Basically we checked out ,  left feeling ''ripped off'' - NOT a feeling one should have after a vacation weekend! NEVER RETURN AGAIN
For the life of me I cannot understand the 3 star rating given to the Flamingo Hotel.  It is poorly run and in sore need of updating. Our 'non-smoking' room reeked of cigarettes, and was dirty. To get to the room one must traverse the entire smoke filled casino and "shopping district" using poor signage for guidance, wait for slow elevators, navigate the rippling carpet in the hallways to reach a dirty room. Though they offer free parking we could not find a single available space. Our reservation included an undisclosed $20.16 surcharge each day for resort "amenities" - the network, the gym, and the pool regardless of the fact that we didn't want or use the amenities.  Our reservation also  included a $30 food allowance within the facility but we were not told that not all restaurants in the Casino were participants nor given a list of the ones that were. Our calls to the front desk were not helpful in understanding what we had actually purchased and were entitled to receive.  We tried, oh we tried.. . To top it off the neighboring site is being torn down and our room faced the sight.  Our windows were dirty, access to and from the hotel was compromised by the ongoing construction, and we suffered from the noise from the worksite.  . . The Flamingo is conveniently located on the strip but beyond that is nothing but a fleabag hotel.. . We reserved through Vegas.com which wasn't much help in resolving our issues.  Wouldn't book with either.
Regular rooms had been updated, but still need MUCH improvement!  Bathroom still old.  Family pool area much too small, water was too warm, no drink service at all!  Pool closes way too early, especially if  you are with kids, the pool is only place kids are welcome.  No outside food or drink allowed at pool, except for water,  coffee or tea, even if you buy it at Flamingo!  They need to take a clue from MGM, pool is amazing and service is great
We stayed in a "remodeled" room which apparently means some new paint/wallpaper and linoleum flooring.  It was probably a good thing the floor was linoleum we decided after seeing the disgusting carpets in the hall ways.  The carpets were so old and worn out that they were all wrinkled and buckling.  They were horribly stained and probably hadn't been vacuumed in years.  We had a "non-smoking" room that reeked of cigarettes in the bathroom.  We could hear everything said in the neighboring rooms (and they weren't being unusually loud).  The second night we needed to move to another room due to a leak in the bathroom coming from above.  I had to go to the front desk to get someone to do something after being on hold for 20 minutes.  The new room had a sink that didn't drain.  They offered no compensation for the hassle of needing to move at 1:30 in the morning.. . The beds were very hard and the linens pretty poor quality.. . We checked with other guests who experienced similar.  . . Over all the worst hotel stay we have ever had.
They claim remodeled rooms.  Must have done the 16th floor where we stayed a LONG time ago.  Old and worn out.  The carpet in the hallways is dirty and smells bad.  The pool is nice but closes at 6 PM. The buffet is average at best. Too many options in Vegas in the same price range. I willnot be back.
What a dump!  So sad. I used to love the Flamingo.. . Our room was dirty beyond belief: lime scale all over the showerhead (the showerhead ring was hanging off of the wall), a dirty torn shower curtain, a filthy black hole full of dust and grime where the bathroom vent used to be, dust all over the lamps and in the corners of the room, AND our room wasn't cleaned ONCE during our stay despite requesting it from the front desk AND the cleaning staff.  Strange, because there were people cleaning rooms on our floor.  Just not ours, apparently.  . . Additionally, the closet door was broken and one of the outlets had been pushed through the drywall.  Some of the lamps and the clock had been unplugged so we had to do a little work to figure out which outlet was connected to the wall switch so that the clock would work properly.  The TV and a bunch of other things were plugged into a power strip that was shoved into a corner but still fully visible. Classy.. . NONE of the speed-dial buttons on our phone worked except for room service (Eventually we were told, "Yeah, they don't work. Just dial 0.")  which is funny because we didn't have a room service menu and had to ask the hotel (on the phone and in person) for one THREE TIMES (over the course of a full day) before they sent one up.. . The hallways outside our room were grimy: filthy stained carpets full of old gum, with bubbles and rolls where they'd gotten stretched out from so much use.. . The elevator doors don't always open (or close) properly. Scary.  Plus, when you push the button for your floor, the light doesn't light.  Oh wait, yes it does but only on the OTHER side of the car.  What?. . The once beautiful flamingo pool and grounds of yore have been mostly removed and replaced with additional buildings and parking.  Instead there is a horrid "day club" pool full of wasted 20-somethings listening to earsplitting crappy music.  The kiddie pool is a little better but its not really separated from the "Go" pool so after 10 am it sucks too.. . Lest you think I'm just being bitchy, we requested a room change on day two and were told that it could take up to six hours between checking out of one room and receiving another.  Um.  No.  We were very up-front with the management and received a small amount of compensation but the number of people I had to talk to get anything done was just insane and at the end of it, the compensation I was promised was not what was delivered.  Sigh.. . Clearly whoever owns this property is waiting for it to die so that they can put a giant fake-fancy "luxury" hotel in its place.. . It's really too bad. The Flamingo used to be great.. . PS:  The one really good thing about the property is the Center Cut Steak House and bar.  We had a really great meal in the restaurant with excellent service.  Brent at the bar is an actual real bartender (not a typical casino beer slinger) and makes truly delicious drinks while serving up great conversation.
I hate having to write this review, but alas our visit at this hotel was gross to say the least.  The Flamingo is generally a go to for our Vegas vacations, we usually stay in the newly remodeled "Go Rooms" which are fantastic! Clean, cute and a great location. . . However, this visit we booked a "Fab Luxury" room. I didn't realize what a difference there was in the rooms! First of all it took over an hour to check in because it was overcrowded and under staffed. That's all fine and dandy, stuff happens right? Now, we finally got to our room, after an exhausting and hot drive to Vegas, only to be repulsed upon entry. The bead spread (which is furry for reasons I can't figure out), had some funky, brown, sticky goop on it that caused the fuzz to all clump together in some disgusting pink clustergunk.  Ok, gross so I pulled it off the bed and tossed it aside. We continue to settle in and realize that the lamp table and floor beneath are COVERED in sticky nasty mystery sludge, to the point that I can make out footprints in the gunk.  This is followed by the discovery of clumps of hair on the bathroom floor and a filthy tub. . . This was all enough for me to be seriously grossed out. We tried calling the front desk to no avail. So, I marched down to speak to someone in person.  The girl at the desk was very pleasant and informed me that normally they would move us to another room, but because it was booked solid she would have someone come up right away to clean. We waited, and waited, and then we waited. Nothing, the entire night. We went to eat, walk around and still no one had come. . . The next morning, we went out and about for the day and saw that someone was coming to clean our room, excellent! So we thought. We came back to the room after a few hours to find that everything was exactly the same, save for the made beds and a few new towels. So, again I go downstairs to speak with someone. I am told once again that someone will come clean right away. We go to our room, and wait. What do you know...someone came. A grumpy, disgruntled, irritated woman came and aggressively scrubbed the goop off of the floor and table and then handed me some towels and left.  . . Overall, I was extremely disappointed by The Flamingo. The food court was closed the whole time we were there, our room was absolutely filthy and the pool closes at 6pm (how lame). Next time around I think we may just spend a little more and stay somewhere with some standards. Massive fail Flamingo.
Are you kidding.  This place is going to have a major disaster.   . . The first night, our fire alarm went off in our room for over an hour.  We called security, who rudely asked if we had been smoking in the room- NO!  Had to wait in the hall as the alarm was so loud.  While no one from security or "engineering" came, the older gentleman who brought our luggage up (yes, took almost 1 1/2 hours to get bags after we arrived) finally took care of the matter, or at least the loud ringing noise.  He stood on a chair and started poking around and unplugging things to finally get it to stop.  . . We called security again, and the very rude gal answering the phone transferred us to the front desk- she didn't even want to deal with the situation.  However, the phone just keep ringing, ringing, ringing, and no one ever answered.  We finally had to go downstairs.  We spoke to the night manager.  He reported someone would come and address the situation- RIGHT-We heard that before.  We finally had to leave as we had two hungry small children who could not wait any longer.  . . When we came back, the manager was unsure if the situation had been handled, as the "system" had not been updated.  He said if there seemed to be any problems when we got upstairs, just to "call" him.   Well, it was not ringing, but how were we to know if it was fixed???  Thank god our room was next to the emergency exit in the event there was a real fire.  Manager agreed to comp the room for the night (at my request).     . . This place is a hot mess  Felt VERY unsafe, staff did not give a damn, and did I mention the whole dang place was dirty.  Room service trays were sitting outside of rooms for days.  The maid refused to make the bed as I left a small bag on the bed.  We also attempted to call the front desk/guest services a few other times and again just ringing and ringing- no answer.  . . The (family) pool was nasty.  Trash was everywhere on the ground, lifeguards were chatting it up with each other, or starring off into the distance instead of monitoring the pools, and the chairs were so dirty.  Several looked they were stained with blood.  We ended up leaving as we felt it was too unsanitary for our children.  . . Will never frequent this place again.  It was disgusting.
My boyfriend and I stayed in a Fab room for 3 nights.  We had stayed in a Go room in July 2012 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay, so we decided to stay at the Flamingo for our 2013 trip.  Our room was on the 18th floor and there was a large yellow trash can right outside of the elevators catching "water" from a leak in the ceiling.  . . The furniture in the Fab room was terrible.  I did not unpack my clothes as I didn't want to put them in the ratty old dresser with the wood that was chipping.  The bathroom is totally outdated.  There was no plug in our shower and the water pressure was so strong it was painful.  I also had the mirror that hangs on the wall fall ON me while I was standing in front of the closet.  . . The food court at the Flamingo was one of our favorite perks as it was perfect for late night eats.  Well, the food court is CLOSED due to plumbing and it didn't look like it would open any time soon.  Also, since Bill's next door is being totally remodeled, there is construction, dirt, and homeless right outside the Flamingo doors.  . . We will never stay at this hotel again.  It's hard to believe that it's totally gone downhill in the span of 1 year.  You are better off staying across the street at the newly remodeled Bally's
This was a huge mistake. I booked a Go Deluxe room back in March for July 18 - 21. When I checked in they only had two Go rooms available: handicap & pet stay. Big mistake taking the pet stay go room, the lady said it was clean. . . First off there were shards of glass outside my doorway from someone breaking a glass, so I had to step over the doorway. There were obvious BIG stains on the carpet and on the couch. The phone was filthy, looked like it had not been cleaned in months, gross!! There were black marks on the ceiling, a silver panel was peeling off the wall, there was dust everywhere and the bathroom. The shower door would not close, no ventilation, mirror was dirty and whole bathroom was dusty. Room Service was closed which sucked, since I was here for a conference and very tired at the end of the day.. . The wonderful Bose radio stereo system, the bass and sound was awesome, too bad it was coming from other rooms around me at all hours of the night as I'm trying to sleep, guest services was no help in getting people to turn their music down. Here's a thought Flamingo, sound proof walls, the only stereo I should here is the one in my room!! Don't bother yourself trying to unwind by the pool after because its closed. The pool is a day party only with no hotel guest only hours.. . I booked this room with Vegas.com and the descriptions and reviews on there are total bullshit about the Flamingo. Don't stay here, it's unclean, service sucks and they really don't care.
This place is awful!. The entrance is hard to find due to construction.. We arrived only to find the valet full...ok no problem. My husband decided to wait it out so he pulled in a waiting area with a few other cars while I ran in to check in. . The reason we were in Vegas was for a dance competition for my 6 year old...so we had her and our 12 month old baby in tow. I decided to bring my kids with me inside with me to check in. Since check ins are usually fairly simple I thought we would be in and out. WRONG!. . I cheerfully stepped in line only to have that cheer stripped away after the line hadn't budged for over 40 minutes. Steadily it got longer and longer while we waited and waited. I had someone hold my place in line to go try the "express" check in...but wouldn't you know it...my reservation was not found. So back in line I went. They had about 2 workers working the counter and one worker servicing their "rewards members line". So while there were about 150 of us waiting in line...the rewards counter never called any one of us. . . After an hour and a half I started to contemplate leaving. But then I saw a glimmer of light at the end if the tunnel. Another worker appeared. Hallelujah. This person then proceeds to go to the rewards section where there were a hefty 2 people waiting! What a joke! People were getting out of line to go sign up for the rewards program just to get out of that nightmare of a line.. . We finally got to the front of the line 2 hours later...my 6 year old barely hanging on to sanity and her bladder by then. . . When we arrived at our room we called right away to get our bags sent up. 1 hour goes by...nothing. I call to find out what's the hold up. They tell me don't worry we're on the way. I leave to go get dinner for my family...come back to the room and still no bags! I asked my husband did they call or anything and he said no. Wow...really. 2 hours to check in then 2 hours to get our bags! By this time I needed my kids pajamas and my baby's diapers etc. So I decide to go down to the bell desk and find out what's going on. I am told that they had an "emergency" and that my bags would be up soon. I ask is it normal for check in and bag delivery to take this long and I was told by a manger "the bell desk has nothing to do with check in so whatever you experienced over there is their problem". WOW. . . After we finally get our bags...get our babies settled...we whip out our laptops. Time to surf the web...plan our itinerary...etc. No internet. WTF! They have the ever loving nerve to charge $13.99 a day for internet. This day in age internet is like air and water...it should be free. If I can wander into a random Starbucks and get free internet why the hell can I not get free internet in a room that I'm paying for???? What the bloody...sigh. Good thing I had an air car but still. That meant that only one of us could surf the web at a time. And to be honest...I think they were scrambling wifi signals in order to force people to buy the internet. Our smart phones were barely working...and my air card mysteriously kept dropping. Extortionists. . The website touted "completely remodeled rooms". Oooh exciting right? WRONG. The room was far from remodeled. It may have been resurfaced...but by far no remodeling had been done. Just because you slap up a fresh coat of paint and buy a few new bedspreads does not mean you've remodeled anything. All the fixtures in our bathroom were covered in rust. The toilet paper holder was hanging out of the wall by one screw. The toilet barely flushed and the shower was more like a fire hose. I swore every time I took a shower a layer of skin was ripped off by the uncontrollable water pressure. Paint chips everywhere...around the vanity...on the back of the bathroom door. The shower curtain was dirty...it was all around shameful!. . The buffet = gross and overpriced. Every last piece of food was freezing cold and I need to introduce their chef to a brand new invention that everyone is using...its really cutting edge...it's called SALT. I have never in my life eaten such bland mush. This was the first buffet I have ever gone too where I not only didn't want seconds...I wish I could have taken my plate back over and put every last bit of slop back on the buffet. . The pool was at least nice too bad it closes at 6pm. I have even more to add but there is a character limit! maybe I'll do a part 2
Worst hotel service! The rooms aren't great for the price!!!!!
HORRIBLE! Where should I begin. New renovated rooms? Yeah right! Bright pink modern blankets, rug and pillows. The furniture is old and disgusting and looked like my grandma's. We paid an extra $25 to check in early to find dirty dishes on the nightstand then when we picked up the phone to call the front desk we encountered a lovely pubic hair!!!!! They moved us into another room and refunded our $25 early check-in fee as we were on hold for 30 minutes and the whole point to check in early was to relax! As we walked down the hallway on the 26th floor to our new room, we were overcome with the potent and disgusting smell of cat pee and were greeting with stained carpet that looked as if it was 50 years old. We didn't want to complain yet AGAIN so we went to eat at Carlos & Charlies' and ordered margaritas that had NO alcohol in them. Ordered nachos to share that looked like it had been dumped from a can and tasted like it too. When we asked if there was alcohol, the waitress says "yeah, I think so" ...and walked away. WOW. No tip for you! Then back to the room where we discovered there was a whole gang of children screaming at the top of their lungs and jumping on beds in the room we shared an adjoining door with. Enough was enough. We called down yet again and they claimed there was no rooms to move us as the WHOLE hotel was completely booked. (after waiting on hold for another 25 minutes) This was the manager at the front desk. We hung up and called the reservation line to hear we could gladly book a room as THEY WERE NOT FULL! We went down in person to talk to the same man we had spoke with and he lied right to our faces, was RUDE as hell and called us the liar. So much for relaxing! After an argument we demanded our money back and the finally agreed. I wanted to tell everyone in line NOT to check-in. Horrible experience. Smelly. Rude. Old. NOT remodeled at all! Service was horrible and no one even offered a free drink! What happened to the real Vegas mentality of service and keeping the guest or customer happy while we spent our money in their slot machines?? Sad. We went to The Palms, paid about $20 more and had a wonderful stay! . Flamingo Las Vegas, you SUCK and give Vegas a bad name.
Just don't do it! I stayed at the Flamingo 2 times for cheap(no resort fees) last summer and I wasn't expecting much and it was really fun. My friends and I decided to stay here again for price, location and past experience..oh what a mistake! First of all the remodeled rooms have really taken a nose dive in 1 years time..the hallways were dirty and stained and our stay was NOT cheap...they charged us for having 2 extra people and a ridiculous resort fee! Room service stops @ 2 am.& coffee shop waitress full on ignored me and my friend..we were starving! .The elevators were breaking down & took 20 minutes to go up & down..unsafe and took too long! I'm saving the best for last...my girlfriends (4 of us) called housekeeping for towels & were chatting and relaxing in bed when all the sudden a man walked in our room (no knock) with towels. We screamed and yelled at him "we're naked!!!" He put the towels in the bathroom and then proceeded to stand in front of our bed and stared at us! at this point I I hid under the covers. We said "bye" and he stared at us and then he asked us "where are you from?" We were so scared we said "bye" and finally he left! It was so scary and uncomfortable. Then we called the front desk and explained to them what had happened and they put us on hold waiting to speak to a housekeeping manager for an hour!!! It was truly so upsetting! Then they said the manager would call us (never did)!! We spoke to a manager about out horrible experience and she could have cared less!!! We spent the rest of the trip with the door padlocked..no housekeeping service..and we knew if anything scary happened we were on our own and would call 911. This was a disappointing experience at such a famous Las Vegas hotel. I would rather stay off the strip then at this dumpy overcrowded and unsafe hotel. Sad because I used to like it..no one keeps this place up and most of the staff does not care at all about customer care.
This hotel represents what Las Vegas was decades ago.  . . The second you walk in you are met by a musty stench.  The place reeks of an old and run down casino.  You could tell where they tried to update, but it's merely a cover up.  They liven it up by attracting kids to their pool which is just average and has a DJ.  However before the DJ arrives the staff plays the music but unfortunately can screw it up causing the music to skip, pause, suddenly change songs in between and/or suddenly change volume levels.  . . The cafe and buffet are insanely aged.  The food  represents that of which is served in hospitals.  I am not sure why of all the Ceasars properties they have not invest in a remodel.  This property is getting left behind and really no longer belongs on the Strip.  This is more of a Old Las Vegas kind of property. . . Not recommended!
I just wrapped up my second stay at the Flamingo. First time was good. Nice room that is clean, spacious and considered the "standard" room. I couldn't have been happier with my choice. Upon my arrival for the SECOND visit. Things started off quite poorly to say the least. .       Got in at 2 pm and tried to check in early but was told check in was at 4pm. Not a problem, I was expecting that anyway. Go to the pool while we wait because it is hot as hell! Change into my bathing suit hop in the pool and immediately land straight on an aluminum beer cap, which slices my foot. I immediately grab my foot because I can tell it cut pretty good. I call for a lifeguard while I am in the pool (still putting pressure on it to avoid bleeding in the pool). I tell her I cut my foot and she, in such a belittling way says "Ohhhh, you cut your foot?" ( with an awww poor baby look on her face). I then say yes, lift my foot out of the water and take the pressure off. It immediately starts gushing blood and then she starts to gag. She then proceeds to bark at me to not let any blood get in the water. Uhhhh, kind of hard considering I need to get out of the pool with one foot and a hand to keep pressure on and you are just standing there staring. She then leaves to get someone else. That person arrives, looks at my foot and then says the same thing "Uhh hold on, let me get someone else." This repeats three more times, I kid you not! .        I finally get fed up and just say to one the lifeguards "Look, if you don't know what to do that's fine, but please just find someone who is qualified to tell me if I need stitches." That so called person arrives and asks if I would like an ambulance, I say no and he just walks away. The BS continues and I go to the front desk to complain to a manager. I tell him that beer caps shouldn't be allowed near the pool and tell him how upset I am that I just arrived and now have a really bad cut conveniently places on the bottom of my foot for my trip to Vegas. He couldn't look any more bored and just says okay well there is nothing I can do but we have upgraded your room. What an upgrade. This room was half the size of the room I had the last time I was there, smelled like cat piss outside of the room and WREAKED of weed when we got inside. .          Case and point, Flamingo could care LESS about customer service. Won't stay there again and will never recommend it to anyone.
I will never stay at the Flamingo or, for that matter, any Harrah's hotel again.  . . I stayed at the Flamingo for 2 nights recently for a business conference.  Immediately after I arrived into my room I had to use the bathroom.  Upon flushing, my toilet began flooding raw sewage (leaking from between the toilet and the floor) onto the bathroom floor .  I immediately called and reported what was happening, assuming that they would get me a new room.  They would not give me a new room saying a maintenance person had to come first.  It took them over 22 hours to come and fix the issue after I reminded them 3 times.  The leak came down to the wax gasket holding the toilet on the sewage pipe and the gasket had to be replaced.  . . 22 hours of me having raw sewage leaking onto the bathroom floor!  Unacceptable, and a health hazard at that.  I'm glad I did not bring my toddler and baby with me on this trip.  Never again will I stay at a hotel that let's you wait almost a day to repair a serious health hazard issue.  . . In addition, I had wall hangers sticking out of my walls, but nothing hanging on them.  The bathroom cabinet was cracked and dry-rotted.   The air conditioner was dripping onto the floor creating a puddle.  The bathtub faucet was dripping constantly and loudly.  What a nightmare.  They really should demolish the Flamingo and start anew.
The Flamingo has been the hotel to go for the past 10 years at least whenever my team goes to Vegas for conference but no more after this experience.. . Previously their low end rooms were ok but since they started to renovate their rooms they have ignored their non-renovated rooms to force customers to upgrade but instead this just pushes their long term customers away. The room I had which is suppose to be non-smoking has cigarette smell every time I go into the room. The first day there was no hot water and even after the engineer came, the hot water only comes if you run it for 5 minutes and only if set all the way to the hottest and then you have to tweak it back to warm afterwards or else start all over. I mean I didn't come here to live in a motel. Also it's not exactly cheap either.  Sink has similar issues. When I called to guest services to complain they sounded like why the hell am I bothering them in the first place. Very poor attitude every time I called them about anything even extending my stay. . . My team member says his floor smelled like piss everyday. Yes the non-renovated floors look very poor. Elevators are banged up. Their food court is closed and seems like the food court restaurants moved to Bally's.. . My room sometimes doesn't even get made and if there's no tips for that day, they make sure you know they are not happy. Like I have small change every single day since we stay there normally for 9+ days each stay.. . It use to a good hotel but now it may look like a hotel but it feels and acts like a motel.. . Not to mention they closed off 1/3 of the parking lot and made it valet only. It was hard enough to find parking lots previously but now it's almost impossible unless you pay for valet. 80%+ of the valet parking area is empty. What a waste. So if you're driving then this hotel is not for you.
Will never stay at Flamingo again. We stayed in a luxury Go room that was supposed to be recently renovated. We are still trying to figure out what had been renovated.... The furniture was old and broken and most of the lights didn't work.  The bathroom was really old and tiny! I think the little closet was bigger than the bathroom. The hallway carpet was disgusting and very stained. The only plus was the location - central to everything, but not worth it. Not a value at all
Our entire experience at the Flamingo was a nightmare. First we had difficulty locating the parking entrance in the mist of 5 o'clock traffic. There were no courtesy signs navigating flamingo-goers. But at last we found it, parked and trekked to the lobby in the 109 degree dessert heat. . . We check in with ease utilizing the self check in machine. When we get to our floor it reeked of filth. The carpet in the hallways was so incredibly dirty, probably years since they cleaned it last, most of it raised from moisture damage. This was the first major red flag. But we continued the journey to our room none the less. As soon as we walked in I noticed the place had neither been vacuumed, swept, wiped or much of anything. . . The corner lamp looked as though it had been knocked over and trampled on before being placed on the dresser again. Dust and smudge marks on the TV. A significant amount of dirt, hair, and other debris on the floor and carpet. Then I sit on the bed and notice a film of gunk on the night stand that resembled human fluids. And then my husband told me there were cum stains on the curtains - yes folks, cum stains! It was about now when I said this is simply unacceptable when paying over $100 per night, I've seen far better rooms at a motel 6. . . So I call customer service to report the status of the room, not only was the attendant rude but also uncaring. She said she would call maid service up. I asked for a partial refund for the inconvenience and to this she replied the casino would comp my hubby and I with a $30 casino credit. I asked when the maid would be up she replied "I don't know". This is when it became a customer service issue along with the cleanliness issue. . . I asked to speak to the manager, only to be treated in the exact same way. She then forwarded me to the maid manager claiming perhaps she could better assist me with my problem. The maid manager said she didn't know what time the maids could come to the room that management should have offered me another room. So then I call the front desk again, demanded to speak to the manager because after an hour of being placed on hold and getting no where I was ready to flip. As I'm trying to get a hold of Sandra (hotel manager of the century) the customer service attendant states that I could not be issued a new room since it was after five (we checked in around 5:30pm) and that I the manager had already offered to change my room which I declined (bold face lie left in the notes). When I finally got in touch with the manager she neither denied nor confirmed any of the information passed and insisted her hands were tied and there was NOTHING she could do. . . After another 30 minutes of banter and BS we were able to check out and receive a full refund for our 2 hour stay in hell. . . We ended up staying at Rumor Boutique, which is off the strip, which was incredibly nice, clean, and had the friendliest staff!. . IN SUMMARY:  the flamingo offered us filthy rooms with filth and dirt all over - to include human matter (lube and idk what else on the night stand and cum on the curtains) and terrible customer service.. . I have never spoken to a hotel manager that did not give a crap in the world to make your stay remotely comfortable - way to go Sandra!
It started out BAD... ENDED HORRIBLE ! . . I don't care what anyone says,.... This place is not a legend and not history. It I a hole in the wall on its last leg. WAITED in line to check in for 45 mins. WTF. . It started bad,... When we drove into town and up to the flamingo we could NOT GET IN ! There is construction surrounding the hotel and there is NO front entrance for check in on the strip to drive your car up. After calling and sitting on hold FOREVER, we was directed into the back check in. I was dropped off while my sister went to FIND parking. Turns out its either parking a block away on the street or on the last floors of the garage. Imagine walking with your bags.... . . Got the room, and opened the door...SMOKING ROOM, and horrible decor. Called down and changed rooms ( sat on hold for 10 mins ) . Bellman came up but with no carry all..so we waited for him to come back...The bellman talked about the cosmo hotel THE whole time ..I now know why. It was a hint to run not walk somewhere else. . . New room upgrade ( we paid) was fresh the go room was nice . White decor and flat screen TV's are a bonus . . . Hotel elevators are a long wait and one broke down. The flooring was HORRIBLE and walls are dirty. No real club in this hotel, and the bar club had locals in it trying to pick up drunk chicks. . . Room key didn't work..went down to get another... STILL DIDNT WORK, went down at 1 am on a Saturday because we couldn't get in the room. Back out and came back to NO PARKING and we had to park dwn the street and walk. DANGEROUS MUCH ? . . Pool party was nice, no real shade areas neither man made or real,in 100 degree weather, this is a no no. but, a good mix of music.. . 20's 30' crowd and cheap older adults. Class is NOT a option here. . Lots of kids and not a place to eat a high end meal. . . If your are going to spend 150 a night, you may as well spend another 50 and go for a room at the palazzo or something. Lesson learned. Will never go again.
Booked a room here months in advance.. Got anemail a week before saying they were doing renovations.. They told me they'd move me to another hotel.. I requested that I be fully refunded my deposit and charged no further.. They refunded me.. Then they charged me again.. . I actually really like this casino, but the hotel is TERRIBLY run.
The valet situation here is a joke. Their structure is full of spots reserved for the valet, but not nearly enough for self-parking. And the valet dudes do not know to direct traffic when their valet pull-in spot gets full. WTF??
Although the Flamingo is cheap and in a central location, the staff has no regard for its customers. In the middle of the night, my  lock on my door did not work, and the front desk said they would send security up to fix it and let me in my room. After waiting outside my room for twenty minutes, I called down to the front desk who directed the call to security. Apparently the front desk never notified security, and they said they'd be right up. Security did not arrive for 30 more minutes and did not apologize for the wait. When I complained to a manager the next day, they said that they would only comp my resort fee for my "inconvenience." Any other hotel in Vegas would bend over backwards for their guest, but apparently The Flamingo doesn't have any interest in guests returning to their hotel. Also, the hotel was grimy, smelly, wifi is awful, and there's hardly any cell phone service. Next time, I'll spend the money for a better hotel. The Flamingo is not worth it.
First, this was not our first trip and we have stayed at many of the hotels on the strip, including the IP. To say that the flamingo is worse than the IP is saying a lot. Lets forget that the room was showing signs of age. The phone was broken when we arrived. Housekeeping did nothing about this and it took three days, six calls and two trips to the front to get it fixed. TV was broken. Took six calls and when the guy came up to fix it we also pointed out that the toilet was running. His response? "Sorry, not my department". It went on from there, and unfortunately we were there for a conference or we would have heeded the other reviews and avoided the flamingo like the plague. The capping just now is I came back from a day of conference and discovered housekeeping had taken all the towels. And worse, calling down and going to the desk got us nothing. So I went up, found a floor with a cart and got my own towels. But why is the housekeeping so bad? Why does nobody there seem to care about service? I talked to a fellow who had to go find toilet paper because his room was left uncleared for three days. I talked to another lady at the conference, same thing. I for sure wont ever stay here again, and I definitely wouldn't recommend it. We are next door at the Westin writing this because I don't even want to go into the bad service at the loud restaurant at the flamingo.
I booked the 2 Queen bed room (specifically mentioned in Hotels.com page, paid $10 extra for 2 queen bed room) for my stay. Upon checking in with Hotel clerk, they mentioned, no matter what you have booked in Hotels.com, the type of beds are not guaranteed. . . They offered me a King bed room and an extra rolling cot. I repeatedly told that I should get what I booked but they kept on saying it is not the case. I asked to talk to the manager, manager came and told me they can offer room with King bed as all other rooms are sold. If I do not like that then they can cancel my booking with a full refund. How harsh could a manager be on the face of a customer who has booked a room months back! I took the room and had to accept the rolling cot. . . Next day when I returned to my room at night, I noticed the cot is not there. I had to call guest services repeatedly and arrange for one again. What a pain!! . . Finally few words about their parking lot. 60% of it has been rented out to Hertz or Valet, only few spots are available for the hotel guests. The lot stinks as they do not clean it. Elevators do not work most of the time, even if they work, you have to wait for 10 mins for one. If you reach there by 8-9 pm, you will never find a spot. I booked this hotel due to convenient location. Will never go back there.
At Vegas for the first time and although I foresee and thoroughly expect rudeness,degenerates and blatant alcoholics to come my way; I have never experienced such rudeness as I have literally JUST experienced from a customer service attendant( to whom I asked a simple question; " where can I find the restroom". ) to which she responded, " I'm pointing at it, can't you read, it says "" restroom""", to which I responded " oh I'm sorry, I've never been here, so you could've just said " around the corner and to the right". . . Vegas is designed to distract you from EVERYTHING, plus, you're given comp drink for gambling. I'm sorry if I've been enjoying my vacation. How about just say, " hey, it's down this hall and to the right." I'll find it eventually. . No need to insult me or my intelligence because I am far more sober than most of these people. . The end. Thank you. . . "Norma" was her name. Avoid her.
My BFs parents paid for this hotel as a birthday gift, so I was excited and grateful for a free place to stay on the strip. From the moment we stepped inside, we experienced horrible service! The front desk attendants were rude and inattentive. Our room keys stopped working on 2 different occasions. The place looks and smells like it hasn't been renovated in decades! It reeked of stale nicotine covered in potpourri sprayed with old lady musk perfume. There is nothing exciting going on. No cool restaurants or bars inside. The bed in our room was super uncomfortable and the bathroom tiles were cracking and stained. Not my scene or crowd. Totally staying at The Cosmopolitan next time!. . I give it one star for being on the strip and centrally located to everything!
Who would've thought you could ever get any dirtier in VEGAS?!?!. . If you plan on spending very little time in your room and will be inebriated to the point of not caring about the cleanliness of your room when you use it, this is not a bad choice.  It was one of the cheapest hotels on the strip and the view from the suites were not terrible. They are pet friendly and they did upgrade us to a suite. . . BUT if you look at the pics I (and many others) have posted you'll see how dirty these rooms are.  I found a damn croissant in the corner of my room from the previous guest or possibly even the previous, previous guest (ughhh).  The shower curtain was so moldy I had to keep on asking for more towels since water got on the floor because I showered with the curtain open not wanting the filth to touch my body. I even felt the need to shower with flip flops on because if the shower curtain is that gross who knows how important they think it is to clean the actual tub.  The sink had such a foul smell that I brushed my teeth and washed my face using water from water bottles I bought.  . . I was completely grossed out but I could see it working for some people going to Vegas... just make sure you get completely wasted before returning to your room so you don't get disgusted by how dirty things are.
What a dump!  Paint from ceilings peeling in the hallways.  Trip on the carpet in the hallway from where it needs restretched or replaced!  Truck stop quality bathroom.  Very dirty and just nasty place, even by cheap vegas standards.  Parking garage can't be safe.  There are much better places nearby for similar price.  This hotel is not very nice and the check-in line took 40 minutes!   Nope, this place sucks. Never again.
BED BUGS BED BUGS BED BUGS!!! I have video proof! I shoved one in a glass and brought it down to the lobby! So here goes the novel that is my review. We booked because our friends said they had stayed there and wanted to again now that it's been redone. We arrived, took 30 minutes to find parking. Check in not realizing our luggage was in a puddle. Even though I had booked on their site and had been charged they claimed there was a rate adjustment and the room was now more expensive. Off to a bad start but who cares, I'm in vegas for a week! Up we go to our room. I tripped over the carpet in the hallway. It was threadbare in areas, covered in stains and pulling up from the ground. I said "This carpet is..." and before I could finish a passing guest said "disgusting...that's what the carpet is." We open our non smoking room to a big face slap of cigarette smell. Again, it's Vegas...oh well. Our view was a parking lot and construction. I am horrified of bed bugs and have my ritual. No luggage touches the bed and nothing happens until I do my mandatory inspection. The bed is white and there are specs of brown and tan (like sand and dirt) near the foot. There is also a dead brown bug. I try to move the bug onto something so I can look at it and it drops onto the carpet. My boyfriend tells me I am paranoid and I agree. So I pull all the sheets up off of the foot of the bed to start my check and before I can do anything...BAM bed bug just crawling around doing it's thing. If you know about bed bugs...those are all signs of a set in...well feed...long lived...full blown infestation. The poop, the completed life cycle and a bed bug so big that you can easily see it...in the middle of that day?! They normally stay out of site until around 3 am. I flipped out, video taped the bug, made him get a cup to bring the bug to the lobby in and held all my luggage while I called the lobby. Saying bed bug, video and "it's in a cup" should get you straight through to a manager yes? Not at the flamingo. I had to ask for a manager. The manager asked if we would like a cleaning lady. uh huh. I told her I was coming straight to the lobby bed bug in hand. I get there, put the cup on the counter and loudly say "we found bed bugs in our room". She offers to put us in a different room. I tell her that since the linens are cleaned together and the guests use the same towels, wear their now bed bug infested clothes around the hotel..etc that the whole place is unsafe and I want to be put in a different hotel. Remember our friends are staying there too. She tells me she will refund my money and allow me to use their phone to reserve elsewhere. I tell her that Bed Bugs are a big deal and have to make a huge scene and threaten to tell everyone waiting to check in (and show them) before she finally calls Planet Hollywood and reserves for us. She hangs up the phone and tells us that it will be more expensive. Again, I have to make her call them back and get the exact same rate that we would have been paying at the flamingo. Finally this manager says to me "You know, there are bed bugs everywhere" Which disgusted me even more...No..not every hotel has bed bugs. They use bed bugs protectors on their mattresses (unlike the Flamingo) and use high heat in their dryers. So...2 hours later we are finally in line to register at PH. The lady that checks us in is so disgusted that she immediately upgrades us to a mini-suite overlooking the bellagio water show and the pools. No bed bugs, nice clean beds and beautiful rooms. So our friends say they want to leave too and expect the same deal. Flamingo tells them to drive to PH and if they have availability that Flamingo would refund them. They get to PH, no one from Flamingo has contacted them and they see that Flamingo booked and then immediately canceled a room with PH. Thank God for PH because we went to the same lady, she got on the phone with Flamingo, which is a sister hotel of PH, and got our friends the exact same deal one floor above us. Flamingo is SICK and their customer relations are atrocious. Go look at trip adviser...everyone says the same thing. And unless you want your world to be rocked by a bed bug infestation...STAY AWAY
I stayed here in April and am just now writing my review because I still haven't gotten over the worst hotel experience of my life. With that said if I could give negative 5 stars on this hotel I would not hesitate.. . Let me start my story off with me in the bathroom when I noticed something was leaking from the ceiling onto my face only to discover from the maintenance guy that it was toilet water that was leaking. Great just my luck. So of coursewe asked to be moved to another hotel room. What felt like 500 hours later we finally get a room. We Carry all our belongings through the annoying layout of the hotel and The lady hands us our new keys and she leaves no apology for the  inconvenience. NOTHING! And that's not even the worst part. . . We return to our hotel room later that night to find that our new keys don't even work. We call concierge and they tell me "there is no one by your name that is staying In this room and there is some other guest checked in there" WTF? Are you kidding me? Where the hell is our luggage then? Do they really have no record at all of everything that happened?  After arguing back and forth with this person for what seemed like eternity the manager finally comes up to the room and opens the door but not before making sure that it was really our stuff. And the only thing he offered us was a stupid food credit. I wanted to tell him to go F himself. . . I will never stay here again! Worst hotel experience ever.
One of the worst experiences I have ever had.  My wife and I had my sister set up the rooms as she is a local to the vegas area.  We were assured that the rooms would be in the newly renovated portion of the hotel.  We had a group of six people, 4 of which were visiting from Brazil.  I must say that the greeters were very nice, but that's where the good experience ended.  Upon opening the elevator at our floor, we were hit with an overwhelming damp, old problems with plumbing type of smell.  The carpets, elevator, and floors were absolutely filthy.  The carpet was so old and dirty, that it was stretched and lifting off the floor.  I really hope that there wouldn't be people with mobility issues walking here as they would fall.. Our room was very dirty.  You can tell that the cleaning staff had not been trained, or were not being supervised well.  The floor in the bathroom had hair all over, the towels were stained, and everything looked very dingy.  The bed itself seemed clean (I checked).  We sat down and got alerts for our credit cards that things were being authorized for more than what we were told at the front desk.  We went down and complained about the pricing and filth.  Turns out that things were not explained to us very well upon checking in regarding authorizations and costs.  When they heard about our rooms, they promptly switched us to another floor, all three rooms.  . When we went to the new floor, the carpet was a little cleaner but not by much.  We had a cracked mirror in the bathroom, everything was still dingy, and one of our group found cockroaches in the bathroom.. We will absolutely never stay here again.  Especially since their advertised rates are always low, since upon check out they somehow get you for at least 50% more.. HORRIBLE  HORRIBLE HORRIBLE Don't bother spending money here.
Horrible hotel.  Due to construction, $7 shuttle drop-off from the airport is a good 1/4 mile walk to hotel entrance.  Not great for dragging luggage on a hot day.  Next was a very long wait in the Rewards Check in line, which was MUCH shorter than the non Rewards line.  Lost reservations and no replacement room available at that price didn't help, but for only $40 more, we were able to get a room for the night.  In our room, we were able to call and make a new reservation with no mention of lost reservation for the rest of the week at original price, no problem.  . . I only saw one map in the whole building, a touchscreen map near the check in area.  It was only working one time during the week we were there.  You get a tiny map of the 1st floor as you check in, but it's outdated, and the writing too small to read without a magnifying glass.  No you are here fire escape map on the hotel room doors or in any binders like you see in most hotels. . . No fridge, microwave, coffee maker (all extra $$).  WiFi is free for one device with the $13 mandatory daily resort charge.  We ended up cheating and turning one of our computers into a secure hot spot for the rest of our gadgets.  Trip to Wal-Mart and the purchase of a cheapy ice-chest replaced the $13 a day refrigerator charge.  It also held more than the fridge they offered. The 12 pack of soda purchased for $3.50 at Wal-Mart replaced the $4 a bottle of Pepsi charge downstairs.  . . Mold in the bathroom pretty bad.  If you are 6' 6", you will have to bend to even stand in the tub due to the low ceiling clearance.  At 6'2", I still ended up getting shampoo on the ceiling.  Bathroom sink very low..  Ceiling in hotel hallways very low also, and waves and tears in hallway carpet easy to trip over. Elevators pretty fast, which was nice.. . Supposed clogged drain somewhere that was going to flood the hotel by morning woke us up at 3 am when maintenance started fishing the pipe somewhere in the building.  It took them 1/2 hour to resolve that issue, and only another hour for me to get back to sleep. Two more nights sleep were interrupted when the extremely loud announcement from our room's wall speaker notified us a few times that the cause of the alarm (that we didn't even hear) has been determined and there is no cause for alarm. I can only assume that it was a building wide announcement for something that happened in the casino.  On the 14th floor in the Habitat wing, noise from the adult only pool area sounds like loud haunted wailing.  . . Had a full face waxing done in the spa.  Spa was totally empty at 10 in the morning.  Just me and two employees.  Once back in their waxing area, I was told that I had to pay an extra $20 to have my cheek area also waxed.  The ended up missing the side burn area all together, which ended up looking very funny once I noticed.  . . All in all, this hotel SUCKS!  Over charging and then nickle and diming everywhere you look.  Customer service also sucks, though our housekeeper was nice and knew what room we were from.  If we ever come back to Las Vegas (which is very doubtful), we won't be staying here.
Worst hotel experience in over 15 trips to Las Vegas.. . Stayed here 4 nights in July 2013.. . For check-in, you have the choice of a slow-moving line to get to a person or you can use the kiosk. The kiosk had no line so we used that, but had to repeat several steps and get assistance from a helpful staff member to get the keys to print out. I am not sure this saved any time over the regular line.. . Hotel keys failed twice, requiring security to get back into the room and fix the card reader, taking over 90 minutes both times. There seems to be only one security guy and one repairman for the entire hotel, judging by the wait. My fiance laid down and took a nap in the hallway while we were waiting since the first time this occurred was late at night after we returned from the club.. . The room had no bathtub and it was not so much a shower stall, but what I called a prison shower, with a curtained-off corner of the bathroom. There was no border, so it was really easy for the water to run off into the rest of the bathroom. If you are a "bath" person, it is truly disappointing to not have use of a bathtub during your vacation. However, I'm not sure how to avoid this type of room as I don't recall the kiosk asking about this option. I prefer a hotel bathroom to smell of cleaning products or have no odor. This one had a faint dirty smell, as if it had only been wiped down and not thoroughly cleaned.. . There is no "chill" pool, only a "party" pool. What if you want to just have a relaxing day by the pool in between partying? You can't.. . Circus Circus is a similarly-priced hotel that seems to get all the flak that this hotel deserves.
The Flamingo at Las Vegas stinks.  It is foul!  . . Per management, "We cannot guarantee a non-smoking room".  If that is important to you, the Las Vegas Flamingo cannot guarantee anything.  The room may be contrary to what it is booked and how the room and floor are labeled.. . When we checked in after 11pm, we had to wait another 45 minutes for our room to be cleaned.  It was a ineffective cleaning.  Upon opening the door to our "premium" room, the foul stench hit us.  Though labeled a "non-smoking" room, there was still a used ashtray in the bathroom.  The pungent odor of smoke was worse than gaming floors.  My wife and I are allergic to smoke, and this room was unacceptable.  The staff stated there was nothing that could be done to change rooms.  We were to check back the next day for a change, and that's when we were informed again, that we could not change rooms.  The manager stated that "we cannot guarantee a non-smoking room" and that this situation did not warrant a room change.  The putrid smell of smoke had my wife and I waking with terrible migraine headaches for both days.  That hinders any vacation.. . As well, there was none-stop construction outside our window, and they worked through the night jackhammering.  That was just a bonus.. . The pink stinks at the Flamingo.
When we arrived for our vacation we checked in and headed fur our room. Hallway carpets are disgusting! They gave got to be replaced!! So gross!! We entered in to our room and heard water running. Someone left the hot water running and all the walls were wet from condensation, making the room moist and smelling like B.O. We went back swung and got a new room. This one was better but not by much. Floor had white spots on it., which if mopped I'm sure would come up. Shower has mold. Wallpaper is ripped and pealing. Shower took 15 minutes to become warm enough to step in and no water pressure! Stay somewhere else! Gross, gross, gross!. Oh! Lets not forget the elevators that were broken down!! Lovely!!
So I'll keep this short and simple; stayed here 09/20-22 in one of the so called updated rooms. Vegas was booked due to the I Heart Radiofest so couldn't get a room at our usual hotel.. . Parking Structure very cramped. . Elevator was shady, disgustingly filthy and did not work.. Checking in was quick and ok; however once we got to our room find out our keys did NOT work!. Hallway carpeting was filthy, smelly and ruffled. In major need of new carpeting. Not in one little spot but our entire floor hallway  had huge wrinkles/waves. I'm surprised management let this go since this is a major lawsuit waiting to happen. . Room was updated however sink faucet had major leak that damaged counter top, shower/tub was kinda gross.. Worst thing was Flamingo not even providing "standard" size pillows. They give you these cheap little kiddy pillows that cramp up your neck. Could not sleep met a a few people at the pool and they were randomly complaining how they needed a massage from the uncomfortable pillows, so I know I wasn't the only one.. Pool - Great bartender "Rigo" and the pool area staff was Flamingo's only saving grace. Good drink specials from opening to 11am. Avoid the pool area food. Did I mention AVOID the pool food. Don't say I didn't warn ya. So sad because this used to be a great value, but management has let this place run to the ground. I remember when they used to clean and polish the brass elevators, not anymore they're all dingy and tagged/scribed in. Disgusting! Never again.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!! Parking structure not labeled and very confusing to look for. Walk from parking structure is very far from hotel lobby. Rude staffs, room stinks and everything is old. Constant construction work outside.. . When we called to book our rooms. We told them we need 2 rooms, 2 beds each, non-smoking, and a fridge. We have an elder, baby and toddlers. The lady confirmed it will not be a problem over the phone. She will make notes in the system for us so when we arrive all will be set. We called again the day prior to arriving to confirm. They said that's what they have and just ask again at front desk. We arrive 2 hours later than we thought due to crazy traffic. Front desk said they have no non-smoking rooms for us, only one bed each and the rooms are not connecting. Also on different floors from our 3rd room we called in. After complaining about the mess. The supervisor came and he was even worst. Said he cannot guarantee my request because of the time I arrive there. Their policy is always first come first serve. If so I do not know why I was ask so many questions about what kind of preference I want in a room?!? I said I have babies with me and must have a non-smoking room. His comments was "I can't give you what I do not have. You do know you're in a casino smoking or non-smoking will most likely be the same". WTH!! I receive no apologies and no accommodation to offset this frustration at all. On top of that I waited until 2am for them to deliver my fridge that's going to be charge $15 per night. . . My family member talked to a gentlemen who was complaining about the front desk staff and them putting him in a handicap room. He went to complain and they switch him up for a suite. And yet they cannot even do anything for me when I have young kids and elderly with me!!!!!!! What kind of hotel that allow heartless supervisors to run this place. One of my son had a stuffy nose from inhaling the bad smell in the room and feeling sick all weekend and not enjoying the weekend at all. . . If only I didn't know about the gentlemen and if only they would be more apologetic about this I would just let it go and not write anything about them. But the front desk supervisor sound so proud when he talk about their policy and make me feel stupid. To find a man getting what he want after complaining about getting a handicap room which he does not like the shower and he gets upgraded to a suite! Ridiculous!!!!!!!!. . I will never return here ever again.
The 1 star represents my surprise at how clean the hotel was. The lack of the other 4 stars represent the poor customer service I received while staying there. After gambling all night in their casino. I woke up at 8:30 to the sound of the house keeping staff entering my room. After being so rudely intruded upon while lying there in my chones, I called the front desk and immediately checked out. Never again will I be taken advantage of by someone sneaking into my room early in the morning, to find them doing something they shouldn't be doing. Caesars, T.I., Mandalay, Wynn, Cosmo, and Aria will only get my business from now on.
I will start this by saying, this was a comped room. If it wasn't, I would have been pissed. I got a "go" room I believe (the one without all the tech stuff) and they def just threw lipstick on a pig to call it a new room. When they wall papered they got glue all over the ceilings, there were black marks on the ceiling from when the moved furniture around, the bathroom was run down as hell. Part of the faucet was rotted off, mold all over the edge of the tiles, etc. One disappointing thing was that we had a strip view, but the windows look like they've never been cleaned so the view was fogged by dirt. Our TV remote, phone and clock didn't work. The cleaning staff was subpar at best. When we got there there was some plastic thing on the floor in the middle of the room. I left it to see if they ever cleaned it, nope. Stayed in the same place for an entire week. We were always missing something in the bathroom until the last day. It was either face cloths, towels, hand towels, etc.. The main issue was the noise. This place was like a frat house. At all hours of the night, EVERY NIGHT, drunk kids were running up and down the halls screaming and banging on all the doors. We had hoped to use the pool area to read and relax, they was a short lived thought. They have a LOUD DJ playing all day. This place has great potential, but it seems its all half assed and catering to drunk kids. Oh well. It was worth a shot.
This hotel is TERRIBLE!  It's under construction and it's a mess to even enter. My room was new, but the bathroom was original & bad!  I couldn't turn the shower on, the handle was broken,  so I called the desk at 10am for someone to fix it. At 5pm I still hadn't taken a shower because NO ONE CAME UP TO FIX IT!  When I checked out I asked for them to take $ off. The desk mgr Sara was rude & snotty!!!!  She took $35 off. Whoohoo!  $35!  She wouldn't even take the $20 resort fee off. Her explanation was..." EVERYONE PAYS THE RESORT FEE!"  Do not go there!  Go to THE RIO!!!!  And the Rio I hear has a great buffet!  Or ANYWHERE ELSE but THERE!!!!  I wouldn't even give it one star but I couldn't post this w/o a star!
I've stayed at the Flamingo a handful of times over the last ten years.  Last time I stayed I swore I wouldn't be back because it was so dilapidated.  Well, they were advertising their remodeled rooms at a great rate so I thought it was time to give them another chance....HUGE mistake!!!  The room itself was remodeled..which meant they threw down cheap laminate floors and used white sheets over a nasty old hotel blanket as a quilt and a faux fur pink thing at the foot of the bed.  Our feet were filthy after walking in our room for a few minutes which means they don't get cleaned.  The bedsheets had holes and the pink faux fur was nasty dirty. . Now the bathroom.... It had not been remodeled...ok no biggie...but there's no excuse for mold in the shower, pealing paint on the door, rust on the sconces and dust caked on the vent.  . . Additionally, the parking structure is the filthiest place I've ever been in.  There's constuction next door through the night.  This means jackhammering at 4a.m.  Clearly it was a horrible experience.  We checked out a day early to escape thehotel from hell.
There are good points and bad points about the Flamingo.  I will list the good points:. Location: this is on the center strip, which is close to a lot of other hotels (for shows, conferences). Margaritaville: A nice restaurant with an upper deck view. The garden: The garden has Flamingoes and is very peaceful. The staff: very nice, polite. Cons: This hotel reeks of smoke, everywhere,  I used to smoke, so I understand and am not condemning. But when you ask for a non-smoking room, it should not smell like someone has nuck into your room and is hiding to smoke a cigarette. This resulted in a miserable stay (allergies). . If you are catching an airport shuttle in, you will have to walk a block with your baggage to the hotel, back entrance, . There was a roach near the ice machine--but this may be secondary to the fact that someone dumped a salad on the floor, and it sat there for two days--after all, natural selection dictates that you need to do what you can to survive--and this roach was doing what he could to get to that salad.. When the room was booked, I booked a room with a refrigerator, and was provided with a styrofoam cooler..  There was a leak, in the first room . This leak was coming through the light fixture in the bathroom. This was due to a problem with something upstairs. The room was put out of order which meant that baggage and belongings had to be carried to another room.
Gross!. So, I labored over picking the right hotel for my three day mini vacation to sin city. My top requirements were a clean room, a pool with slides, and a hotel located on the strip. All of my searches for the best pools in Vegas came up with Mandalay Bay and Flamingo. The Flamingo is a classic and it boasted newly remodeled rooms and was significantly cheaper than Mandalay Bay.. As my title says, this room was gross! The first night I went to pull the sheets down, and I am not lying here, there was a used band aid in the BED!!! I called guest services and they sent a maid up immediately and changed all of the bedding and cleaned the room thoroughly. I should have upgraded or checked out right then. Because it only goes downhill from there.... The bed was hard as a rock. There was mildew in the bathroom. The TV was tiny and was so dim, it was unwatchable. The wallpaper was tearing. The furniture was scratched up. The sink fixtures were rusting. The ventilation ducts were filthy! Where in the heck was the Re-model? The carpet and Flamingo picture on the wall? Seriously? This "remodel" looks worse than Motel 6's remodel down the street that I stayed at last year because there were no other rooms available in the city.. If that wasn't bad enough, I find out that same evening that The Flamingo charged me $239 for the room. The problem is that I already prepaid for the entire vacation a month ago. I went to the front desk and asked why I was double charged and was told "that just happens sometimes." Really? Well, that's a huge problem! That should never happen. Since I used a debit card, it took two days for that money to go back to my account. Sadly, for the Flamingo, I could have been gambling with that money in their casino, but I avoided their casino after that on purpose.. I also was pretty disappointed that I had to walk so far for the shuttle drop off from the airport due to their construction. Where are the bellboys? I toted luggage so far from the lobby that it was ridiculous!. The first two days the weather was bad. It was cold and drizzling. So, I understand that the pool was closed. However, on the third day of my stay, it had warmed up nicely. The main adult pool was open and going strong with gambling poolside and alcohol sales in full swing. Unfortunately, the water slide area was not open. Why not? It was hot enough and there were tons of people.. I just lived with it all, since I was out of the room most of the time and I was to check out the next day. I did stop by the front desk and informed a Supervisor of all of these issues, and he apologized emphatically. He offered to credit me back two days worth of "resort fees." This is a pittance. I very politely asked for the hotel manager's card and forwarded this to her as well. I am certain that the Caesar's company can do much better than two days of resort fees compensation.. As of this review, the Hotel Manager has credited me back with the third day of resort fees and offered a free upgrade from a standard room to a "Go" room on my next visit. This is the difference between a regular (crappy) room to a fully renovated room. I do appreciate her efforts in what she has done, however, I think it is not above Caesar's Corporation to comp three days of a future visit IN FULL, in one of the fully renovated rooms or at another property of theirs.
If I could give Flamingo a Negative Star I would. . I have been in a lot of Hotels and this one is One of the WORST!!!. First off I booked a King Bed for 3 nights. When checking in I was told no King Bed for me. Yea Im 6'5 i need a king bed! She up graded us to a better room??? WOW this room was NASTY!!!! . First Night. Floor 6, carpet looked like a run down motel 6 at best. The carpet was half pulled up with lumps all the way down the LOOOONG hallway to room. Carpet so unsafe!!! Girlfriend opened up bed and fell over with ALL the black hair found. Looks like chest hair in bed. Was bed sheets even changed??? Had to get clean sheets from cleaning ladys cart and changed sheets ourselves. Bathroom tub black mold all around tub. Bathroom cabinet water damage because the wood and paint was flaking offthe sides. Heater did not work! Linoleum floor was dirty at best..      Second Day they moved us to a KING BED YEAH!!!!  Floor 10, the carpet was the same as Floor 6, Very Dangerous! It was so lumpy it looked like someone pulled it up and just laid it back down. Not Stretched tight, loose and just bad, dirty. Room was the same with Linoleum floors, Old Bathroom and again Heater did not work. Never above 68 degrees in room. Called about heater and never recieved a call back or a maintenance person. Not fixed..      Third day we left for MGM and we will NEVER go to the DIVE Flamingo again. . . BEWARE FLAMINGO was NASTY!!!!   . I would stay Downtown before I stayed at the Flamingo
True Story:  this happened just 2 days ago so its still fresh in my head.  I reserved a room at the Flamingo thru Expedia for Mon Nov 18th.  I arrived around 11pm in my car, and had 2 large suitcases with me.  I needed to valet my car and receive bell service for my luggage.  Well, I received neither since the valet parking lane was jammed with cars that appeared to be parked there permanently, and there was no valet in sight.  Hmmm.  No bell captain either, so I end up parking in the garage and lugging my stuff to the not-so-close reception desk. . . And there waiting for me was a really long check-in line.  I tried to avoid the line by using a kiosk to check in (nobody else was using them, btw) but it only offered "non-smoking" rooms.  This was unacceptable to me because I am a heavy smoker and offer no apologies for my personal habits.  (I also pay a zillion percent in tobacco and "sin taxes" too, so next time you see a smoker give him/her a big ole smooch because YOUR taxes and cost of living would be higher without the zillions of dollars us smokers pay in taxes each year.  Remember that.). . Moving On: with no luck at the kiosk, I'm back in that dreadful looking line.  And it was every bit as painful as it looked.  Worse yet, there was a separate VIP line for next-in-line service for their VIP players, which made us poor wretches feel evern more miserable watching high-faluting people take cuts in front of us.  Simply stated, the line sucked out any joy and happiness from us new arrivers and made us all quite miserable.  After FORTY FIVE minutes of this pain and suffering, I finally make it to the desk, only to be informed that their entire tower which offers smoking rooms was being closed for renovation and they had NO smoking rooms available of any kind.   W-o-W.  Seriously?  I then advised the clerk that I needed either A). a smoking room or B). the manager because I was cancelling my reservation.  . . Let's Be Fair Here;  the manager was calm, cool and collected and assured me that they were cancelling my reservation with a full refund for being unable to accommodate my needs.  My call to Expedia 10 minutes later confirmed that and I have since received a full refund.  So at least I didn't get jerked around on my refund. . . BUT I had a simply miserable experience at the Flamingo -- and worst of all, as I'm driving away it's midnight in Vegas and I didn't have a reservation anywhere (look out, Motel 6!).  Instead, I had an Expedia app which steered me towards the Gold Coast and my experiece at the GC was a complete 180 and they totally saved my night.  Feel free to read my review on that experience as well.  As for the Flamingo.....NEVER again.
Vile, Filthy, Rude Staff. I checked In and OUT:. . I saw THREE disgusting rooms then checked OUT.. . 1) The slowest hotel check in on the planet because EVERYONE WAS COMPLAINING ABOUT SOMETHING.  I almost left, but I had already pre-booked via Hotels.com and I was tired.. 2) RUDE staff woman checked me.  I asked a few questions about bell service and SHE DID NOT ANSWER me, just threw a card at me and said "here's what your resort fee includes."  Wow. I explained I was in Vegas solo, strictly for a business conference. I just wanted a fairly quiet room-didn't care about beds. She so graciously found an ADJOINING SUITE room.  OMG. I was in the room 5 minutes and thank God the people next store walked in right away.  I could hear them BREATHING. It was like they were in the same room with me!  RIDICULOUS.. . 3) I phoned the front desk stayed on hold for 10 minutes. They said they found me another room.  This room was FILTHY DIRTY. I have pictures to prove. . * Sex "Protein" stains on the ugly duvet on the beds. . * Pubic hairs ALL OVER THE SINK. * Filthy, barely rinsed UNSANITIZED, filthy glasses on the sink.. * Sink counter was FILTHY.  Floors were FILTHY.. So what did I do?  I called bell service and went BACK downstairs walking through the halls on the vile NASTY, filthy carpet that is THROUGHOUT the ENTIRE HOTEL.  . 4) I agreed to try one more room. THE THIRD ROOM: The "manager" said she would send up maid service to confirm the cleanliness.  I got to the room.  And CHECK OUT THIS PHOTO:.  IT WAS OCCUPIED!!!  SOMEONE'S BAGS WERE IN THERE!  I HAD A KEY TO ANOTHER GUEST'S ROOM and walked in!!  There's ONE FOR HOTEL SECURITY ala  Flamingo. UNBELIEVABLE!!  . . Phoned Bell boy #3 and went to the front desk. The hotel wouldn't give my money back.  Said I had to go through hotels.com, which was A LIE as Hotels.com reached them and the Flamingo hotel told Hotels.com that they would not return my charges.  I told Hotels.com CHARGEBACK on my Visa card was coming. So, Hotels.com obliged and returned my charges.. Through my entire ordeal, the hotel was UNAPOLOGETIC and just acted like they had heard ALL OF MY COMPLAINTS before.  As a matter of fact the THREE Bell Boys I had during this, CONFIRMED THE problems I expressed!! . The departure::: was that I had to INSIST and ask THREE different people at front desk to get me a folio that showed ZERO was charged to my credit card because the GUEST IN MY ROOM, could have ordered up a bottle of SCOTCH and it would have been CHARGED TO ME!!! SHADY.  NASTY. FILTHY. DO NOT STAY HERE. I am also reporting this to the appropriate Las Vegas commissions as well.  Oh, final note:  One of the bell boys told me there was a BOMB SCARE onsite that day. Gee. Wonder why?
Usually when we go to Vegas we always stay at different hotels but decided since we hasn't been to the Flamingo in 10 yrs perhaps we would have a better experience since the last time we stayed there. Our toddler found pills on the floor & ate them thinking they were candy. We spent most of the night with the fire department in our room. The hotel said they would comp our room but forgot when we checked out. Figures. . . Anyway, love the new stores, food court and love the pools as they are great! Pool for toddlers, another for kids and more for the adults. But they're not open in the pouring rain. Didn't discourage us as it was expected. Next...staff was absolutely wonderful!! . . On the way to our rooms, I noticed it's the same carpet from our last stay! Don't wear heals if your don't want to fall flat on your face! I was ok though...moving on. Get into our rooms and noticed they cleaned up the rooms nice but not the bathroom. This is when it went down hill. Pillows suck as they were cheap & only sheets for bedding. Beds are firm and not very comfortable. No fridge, no coffee pot...no nothing. For the price they charge, I was really expecting a whole lot more. We stayed at the condos in the Palms and had a suite for the same price. Go stay there.
Asked for a non smoking. They put us on the 15th floor - directly above the smoking rooms. Couldn't breath when we entered the room due to the smoke. Back down to the check in desk. "Oh most people have the same problem with those rooms" I was told after standing in line for 30 minutes. We were put into a room on the 7th floor. They advertise newly remodeled which actually means new wallpaper and furniture. Our bathroom sink is rusting through around the drain, the bath tile has mold in the grout, water pressure is strong until you turn on the shower, then it becomes a trickle and the faucet handle slowly slips from hot to cold. Skip the buffet - I think the furniture and fixtures are older than me and I grew up in the sixties - unless you enjoy cold, tasteless food. Why one star then? The hotel is centrally located.
Here on my honeymoon, it's our 3rd day and I've had no problem with any of the slot machines. I put $10 into a machine and assumed, like all the previous machines I'd played, I could adjust my bet before committing. Pressed it one too many times and tried to start it over to adjust to the amount I'd like to bet and it wouldn't let me. Okay, husband and I assume machine is having an issue. We press the service button and (I can admit, speedily) the attendant arrives. She proceeded to argue with me over the machine and say "THIS one doesn't do that." Finally just agreed with her, even though I explained my ignorance with being new to the machines, and let her take my $5 on principle. The casino I'm sure really couldn't part with $5 to please a customer (heavy sarcasm here). Won't be giving our money to this casino again.
What a disaster. On Saturday night of a three day weekend they had two people working the front desk. Needless to say there was an endless line. When it was finally our turn they could not find our reservation and were completely snarky about it. The guy that we spoke to was the front desk manager and was not helpful in any way. He simply told us we could book a room with them for $350 a night. Way too much for this cheesefest of a hotel. Headed to the Monte Carlo and they made us feel very welcome.
As far the the check-in process went, it wasn't bad, but  no one was really pleasant. After we were issued our room keys we began what seemed to about a 15 minute walk to our room. Our particular room was the absolute farthest from the elevators, so it was a loooong time. . . Now on to the room condition!. . The bathroom tub and floor were dirty, I didn't want to even walk around barefoot or step foot in that tub.We had a broken phone, broken lamp, dirty shower curtain.. . After seeing how dirty the bathroom was and seeing how our lamp and phone both didn't work, we immediately decided we didn't want to spend a night in this place. I immediately went back the front desk to check out. I explained the condition of the room to a different women at the front counter. She too was rude and unaffected and unapologetic and had to go "see what she could do" in terms of refunding me my money. Horrible service, filthy rooms. Take your money elsewhere where it's appreciated and your room is clean. . I ended up getting my $150 refunded and walking down to The Venetian where I was warmly welcomed and given a 30th floor suite for $170.
My husband and I got married at The Flamingo on 11/02/13.  Although, we had a wonderful ceremony and reception, we woke up to find that our hotel room had been robbed of ALL of our wedding gifts, cash and gift cards (valued at over $5,000.00).  We are a young newly married couple with 2 small children and were absolutely crushed to find all of our gifts stolen.  We reported the incident to hotel security who didn't help us at all.  They told us it didn't seem logical that our things were stolen.  They also told us that they "were not negligent" in the matter and that they could do nothing for us.  There are no security cameras on the hotel floors and they told us our door hadn't been opened.  So apparently that means all of our gifts vanished into thin air.  We cried for days over the loss and still can't believe there are people who would do this to somebody.  We 100% feel as if this was an "inside job" by hotel employees as they knew we had just gotten married and had a room full of gifts.  Three other hotel guests were also robbed during the weekend and security did not help them either.  Neither I or anybody we know will stay here again as we don't feel safe leaving anything in the rooms here.  Please think about this before booking your stay here!  Our dreams were crushed after our visit.
My Best friend and I finally planned a trip to Vegas and decided to stay at the Flamingo. Prices were ok the pictures online looks great so I booked.We arrived and were excited, the lobby was full of people and it look good. Checked in and the guy at the desk was nice and an easy check in he said he was going to charge my card the normal amenities fee that I was aware of roughly 65.00. Got our keys went to the room and at first glance it was small but nice but we looked closer and realized it was dirty and dusty and old the bathroom was tiny and the lights were corroded and the cover to the vanity fell off and it was disgusting, beds were a sheet with a thin looked like it at one time was a fleece blanket with another sheet on top. Before checking out I checked my bank acct and realize they charged me almost 300 dollars that was never discussed so I took it up with the supervisor and would get it back in 5-10 bus. days but that was never talked about or approved. Our allergies were so bad because of all the dust and grime in the room mold on the vanity where the middle door fell off... Ive stayed at Motels that were much cleaner. Walking thru the lobby we overheard a guy talking about switching rooms because there was urine all over the bathroom seat when they arrived at their room it was funny to compare stories. I understand that things tend to get old however when it is just flat out dirty that's when it becomes an issue. Everything was highly disappointing...
Worst experience ever! First my wife had to wait for over an hour and a half for valet parking because the hotel self parking was closed for construction. The additional parking was 2-3 blocks away and she didn't feel safe walking with the kids a night past the ghetto area behind the hotel. Then I arrive the next day, only to be told by the front desk that due to security reasons they can't issue me a key. My name is on the account, my ID matches the name and address on the account but since my wife checked in, she can only get a duplicate key. Seriously. How often does a spouse fly into Vegas to meet his family. Probably happens daily. But all they could hide behind was "security reasons." They made no accommodations to my wife's delays checking in or parking or my inconvenience getting into my room. I will never stay here again and am trying to check out today and get into another more reputable hotel tonight for the rest of our stay. Email Guest Services Manager Malinda Nevill at mnevill@caesars.com if you shared these poor experiences like us. Don't waste your money here. Hopefully with all the new construction happening they repair their guest service and review what customer service is. . Don't stay here!
If I could, I would rate this place -10! Stayed here because of my players card and definitely will pay extra to stay elsewhere the next time I come into town. Let me tell you 2 experience:. . The first time I stayed at Flamingo, I left my iPhone 5 charger in the room and realized I left it behind two hours after I checked out. I called Flamingo and their phone was at busy tone all day! I called back later that evening and asked to be connected to Lost & Found. Gave them the room number, my information, the description of where I left the charger... They're response, "Nothing was turned in from that room and someone is now staying in it." I asked if the housekeepers would've looked for it before clearing the room to let someone else check out. They said "That's something small.. we don't check those things." They rambled on not admitting that it was wrong for them to skim through the room rather than fully checking out the room. So this was my first experience which was bad.. . My second experience with Flamingo would be this past week. I stayed there and left my facewash that I just recently bought and was fully tubed. I called and gave them all information and they responded saying since it's face wash, they throw things like that away. Are you fucking serious?? Not even a full day, and they throw people's shit away?! I know I know, face wash.. but it was expensive facewash; Sheseido not Clean&Clear. That is not the point. It is the principle of their service for not holding people's lost items. . . So annoyed with this hotel. Would definitely not recommend to stay here. If you do, make sure you take everything with you when you leave, because apparently they throw or probably take your shit. Worst hotel ever. I work for a hotel, and Lost & Found department keeps everything they find.
The good: Great location, close to everything. The rooms are a decent size. The housekeeping staff were very friendly and courteous. The TVs (one in the bathroom, a nice touch) were nice, though I wouldn't want to spend enough time in the room to enjoy them.. . The bad: Everything else. The casino is small and incredibly smoky. I've spent enough time in the other casinos in the area to know that it's worse here than other places, and it's not just in the lobby and in the casino. Even though smoking isn't supposed to be allowed in rooms, ours reeked. People were smoking in the elevators. Everything is a bit dingy and outdated. One of our towels had a stain on it, as did the bedspread. The internet barely worked, despite the fact that we were paying a ton for it. . . I definitely wouldn't stay here again, despite the price and location. It's worth an extra $100 to not constantly smell (and smell like) cigarettes.
This place is by far the worst place I have ever stayed. The service has got to be the worst I have ever experienced. The front desk will make u wait in line for about an hour due to lazy receptionist.The valet is the worst I have ever experienced. For a paying customer I will Never Stay here again. The only reason I gave this place one star is for people trying to find a place to stay I read this and NOT stay here. By the way the upgraded rooms are as big as a closet. Word to the wise, DO NOT STAY HERE!!
Was excited to take my girlfriend to vegas for the first time and booked a room at this hotel. I have yet to even check in yet and am already amazed how painful this experience is. I have been to Las Vegas a number of times before and I have never had to park my own car. Not only did I have to, the main lot and overfill lots were completely full. I had to park on the street roughly a mile a way in a less than ideal area of town behind the strip. I then hike into the hotel where I am greeted with a line resembling space mountain on a Saturday in July to just check in! There are 5 or 6 people working the main desk and I see a self serve kiosk so I attempt to use this. I walk over to see 3 of the 5 terminals are "out of order" and the two that do work require a credit card only, no debit is accepted. So I sit here in line writing this. Defiantly the worst experience I have ever had in Las Vegas. Haven't even seen the room yet! Let's hope for my sanity it is nice. Will edit this with results.
We arrived late (around 8:15 pm) on a random Monday evening. The self parking garage was full, and the valet was full. After waiting for approximately 20 minutes, we were finally able to leave the car with the valet staff. Upon entering the hotel lobby we were welcomed by the longest line I have ever seen in any hotel. It took 1.25 hours to check in (I had my timer going). We tried to use the self check in kiosk, but we were told the system was down, however by the time we were at the front of the line we realized that people were using the self check in kiosk for the past 30 minutes of us waiting in line. Although we asked to use the system, we were rudely turned away and the staff failed to notify customers thatthe systems were running again. Upon check in management lied to us by saying that every hotel on the strip was experiencing similar wait time even though we had 2 groups of friends checking into different hotels on the strip during the same time period without experiencing any wait issues.  Also, the next morning we waited 45 minutes for our car because was valet was extremely short staffed. This is the second and last time I will ever stay at this hotel. We even had a worst experience the first time. The wait was similar in length (so this is clearly a pattern) and the hotel did not have hot water.
I just came back from Vegas and first thing I am doing is writing this Review. We stood 1 hour in check-in line. After checked-in, we reached to room, keys were not working and person asked to stand in line again. After 20 mins they gave us new keys. Bathroom was not cleaned, hairs were everywhere on floor. We booked Street View Luxurious room and stayed there for 3 night 4 days. 2nd morning 9:30 AM someone started knocking the door. My husband woke and opened the door they need to replace some filter. We slept 6 in morning and 9:30 we woke up. 2nd night, we were playing electronic roulette and i called waitress 10 times for water. Every waitress was saying give me 5 mins I will be back or let me send another one. Then some security manager came I told her same thing she also said give me 5 mins and no one came so we started playing in Paris or Aria instead of Flamingo. 3rd morning we again reached at room around 5 AM and some room service people opened our room and came inside and standing in front of our bed. They don't even knock the room. This was my 9th visit to vegas and I never experienced this in any of the hotel. I don't recommend this hotel at all
I just got back from my stay at the Flamingo and I have to say I will not be staying here again for multiple reasons:. . 1. The area is under construction so getting to the parking area was difficult; no signage to assist. . 2. There are 3 hotels in the area using one parking structure. Thank God for the Valet or we'd be parking in Lot 8 a few blocks away, walking in the cold weather past the construction sites. The Valet was the only good part about this hotel.. 3. Check in took over an hour! They had only 2 people working the counter and each time someone was in the Rewards Line we had to continue to wait. Other guests who became too impatient to wait their turn actually went in that line (and the Mail Line) so they could be called ahead of the rest of us in the regular check in line. . 4. I had called in the day prior to confirm my room reservation because I wanted to make sure I got a King sized bed in my room. When we checked in, the woman at the front was trying to give us a room withtwo queens. When we reminded her the reservation was for a king, she said she could only give us a king room that was far from the elevator. She wasn't kidding. It was next to the stair well down two corridors. If we had been drunk, like she warned us, it would have been a problematic walk.. 5. Most of lights in the elevators did not work! You had to go and push buttons for multiple elevator areas until you got one to light up. Inside the elevator you had to use both sides of the control panel to make sure your desired level had been requested.. 6. There was not adequate lighting in the room itself. Only 3 lamps and one dinky overhead light when you walked into the room. I guess i was supposed to rely on the strip lighting up our room?. 7. The shower/tub spout constantly dripped after usage easily for an hour afterwards.. 8. Rooms had laminate flooring, which looked pretty good, but when the girl above your room is drunkenly walking around her room in high heels, it's really quite annoying- especially when she's coming in from the club at 4am..... 9. The mattresses are overly firm. Maybe this is the hotel just wanting to make sure that they get their 7+ years out of each mattress.. 10. There was no door notice/ sign saying to not have the room cleaned or to not bother the occupants. This was upsetting on the morning we were checking out, when they knock at each door of every person supposedly leaving that day to wake them up/ double check that the group will be leaving the hotel before check out time.. 11. I called the concierge desk through the room phone to purchase show tickets. I wanted them for a show on the following night. The woman on the other line said that the tickets were non-refundable. No problem. I actually wrote down the confirmation number (probably the first time in my life). Good thing I did. The woman bought tickets for the wrong day and spelled my name wrong. Our night was completely ruined. When discussing it with the Box Office representative in person she said that the hotel CONTRACTS OUT THEIR CONCIERGE SERVICE and I had an issue with the third party and NOT the hotel. All she did was cancel my tickets and refund my money (which is an obvious, but I had to request it) and then told me to have a good night. Worst customer service ever.. 12. When checking out express (on the TV in the room, which it was a miracle it was an option), we noticed that there was a guest survey. Normally, I would never bother to take a survey for a hotel. However, the experience at the Flamingo demanded it. Surprise, surprise the survey via the television didn't work. We shut of the TV and tried again. Still didn't work. But you know what did? The Check out function.. 13. I looked online to attempt to call the hotel or email them with my concerns. Check out the website- there is no link you can access them to contact them. I had to request my bill online to find a comment section where I asked for contact info. However, I had to wait three days for anything. . . This was probably one of the worst experiences I've ever had at any hotel on this planet (and i've stayed in some questionable hostels). The staff (minus the valet) was not helpful, didn't go an extra inch to do anything past their job description, and there's little hope of expressing it to anyone in management unless you want to wait and make a scene. I've heard the expression, "You get what you pay for" but in this case I paid for way more than what I got and it was terribly disappointing.
