Home Town Buffet Anyone? The food here tastes like HTB! Their sushi is pathetic. Oh yeah... I'm gonna put seaweed with rice and fake crab and pass it off as a sushi roll.... . . Thanks, but no thanks!
This was a TERRIBLE experience.  We waited for an hour and a half before we were finally seated.  The line is so frustrating because there are tons of open tables and nobody getting seated.  We were charged for a champagne breakfast only to get seated at 3:30 when the champagne breakfast ended.  We had to argue with the waiter just to get one glass of champagne out of him.  The food was mediocre at best.  We had waited so long that I was past the point of hunger.  Definitely not worth the amount of money it cost.  And BEWARE: the gelato is just frozen yogurt disguised as gelato!!!!  It's gross.  Save your time and money!!!!!!!
20 minutes from hitting the front of the line to being seated, hostesses that can't even use English to be rude in and hyper-active busboys. Is it everyone's first day working here? I mean really, when you hit the bar at 10am at a buffet to calm yourself from the terrible service only to come back to a cleared table it sucks. We went to the Paris buffet a few days later and were treated like royalty.
I'm not generally a fan of buffets- I prefer to sit and have my food brought to me- but I heard from friends that the breakfast buffet at the Rio is the best buffet ever, and I like mimosas. The cost was ridiculous, and the wait was worse. Just when I thought we were finally going to get to sit down, the line turned a corner and I saw... MORE line. And a huge room swarming with people. I hated it so much I left then, before I got in or had to pay, and had a lovely breakfast in the cafe around the corner on the casino floor. I then went shopping in the casino while I waited for my friends to finish waiting in line and eating their meals. I don't plan to go back; they can go without me, bottomless mimosas or no!
It took an hour and a half to get seated. A family that couldn't bother to read their coupon was give a free meal and priority seating because they were causing a scene and the food s not really that great. I would avoid it at all costs.
Would have given this place more stars for the food if it hadn't been for the horrid, disorganized hour and a half wait to be seated.  All it did was make our entire group angry and everyone vow to never come there again.  Whomever came up with the idea of multiple pay stations and lines all waiting simultaneously to be seated must have been touched and the manager/owner that accepted the plan should be fired or shot.  All I can say is CHAOS!!  . . We could clearly see lots of empty tables that were vacant for 10 or more minutes, yet at points the line was not moving at all for long periods of time.  The heat and the noise were incredible.. . Once you finally get to the pay station, you are forced to stand in another line waiting for a hostess to seat you.  We watched while they took groups out of other lines multiple times and never even looked at our line.  The whole system is idiotic and not conducive to a nice dining experience.  You could tell that the staff itself was overwhelmed by the way things worked and just didn't care about the customers wait.  No sense of urgency or eye contact.. . The food WAS NOT worth the wait and frustration.
I agree with Robin C's review. Completely dead on. The wait was long but seemed to be moving till the point they put us in the multiple pay lines. My friend and I had a coupon so we were put in the last line which is apparently where all the couponers and Rio guest were sent as well. Lets just call this the "no body cares line" so you will basically be standing there not moving forever while all the other lines continuously flow. You will see people that were a half hour wait behind you be seated before you while you stand there hungry and upset without any Rio hostesses even looking in your direction. Finally, I couldn't take it anymore so I asked the Cashier what was up and he basically told me there was nothing he could do. I asked for his manager and he acted like he was going to talk to him. He came back, continued to ignore everyone including me without giving me an answer about where his managerwas. It was absolutely ridiculous. Finally, I asked again and when the manager came, I let him have it. At that point, he spoke with the hostesses who then began seating people in our line. My friend and I were next in line when we noticed that other lines were then being sat first again! I called the hostess over, she asked how many (2) and then asked everyone else in back of us. She then proceeded to seat all the larger groups in back of us! I asked her what the F was going on and she told me that she had 4 top tables and we were a 2 top. So after another minute or so of waiting I called her back over, pointed out multiple two tops that were open and she yelled at me stating that we were supposed to go with the other larger groups because 4 top tables can seat 2 people. I told her that I am not a fricken idiot, I know what was said! At that point, it wasn't worth it. I just went to our table and took full advantage of that damn buffet. . You name it, I tried it, didn't care how much food I wasted. The food wasn't even that great. I had been to the Rio multiple times before and the food was much better and I remember genuenly thinking that it was the best buffet I had been to. However this time, I realized that no buffet is good. Buffets are just full of crap that is not fresh and they charge an arm and a leg for it. If I want good fresh Chinese food, I can pay 7.00 and get full, not 40.00 for crap! Anyways, the other times I had been to the Rio carnival buffet, the seating didn't seem nearly as disorganized. Perhaps it was because we paid full price those other times. Seems like they give those people priority when they should be just going off the time on the receipt and seating the people that have been there the longest first. Gee what a concept?!? . So to conclude, although this buffet has the reputation of being "The best Buffet" in Vegas, I would never return. Go here at your own risk if you like as much as you can eat crap food and like to wait in line for over an hour and a half. Just make sure to eat before coming or come with a stocked purse of snacks for when you are waiting. Also, make sure you have no set in stone plans for after your dinner. The family in back of us had booked a show for a few hours after they decided to come to this buffet. Needless to say, once they finally got in, the mom had to rush to the box office and see if she could change their show times. Apparently, that was not possible because that family was only able to spend about 30 minutes there to eat and had to run. They couldn't even get their moneys worth and try everything that the buffet had to offer. I thought it was pretty sad. Did I also mention that they were guest of the hotel? You would think that being guest, the box office would have been willing to work with them since their Buffet is full of incompetent jerk employees. . The one upside is that our waiter was very nice and very attentive, something I didn't expect after the service we had received while in line.
Food was COLD, TASTELESS, and not worth the almost $30.00. . I was there on business/expensable meal, it was worse then a cold burger at McDonalds, and not worth a $1.00. . Server was good. . . Management is clueless
High school cafeteria on steroids. Can't believe I wasted over 90 minutes on line and paid $32 with tip for this crap. It's horrible. Don't bother.
Carnival World Buffet is about par for course on a low-end casino buffet, but very large and with lots of food, and insanely overpriced. Wait in line for an exceptionally slow and poorly designed kiosk to charge you $20 per person for a buffet, plus tip. The kiosk prompts you for 15 or 20% tip, which is more than what you traditionally pay at a self-service buffet, and there is no option to tip a more conventional 10%.. . For your $25 total, you can browse stations ranging from mediocre pizza to burgers to Chinese food. Some of the items are good, particularly the burgers, but for the most part, everything here is only a step or two above fast food, if that. The Mexican food, for example, had quesadillas that I think had American cheese in them with guacamole that consisted almost entirely of sour cream. And breakfast food, curiously, is dispersed across the buffet: waffles might be with the burgers, but eggs are probably next to the Chinese food.. . You might be wondering why I checked in twice here. Did I mention you're a captive audience at the Rio? It's off-strip, so unless you want to take a cab somewhere, you're hosed. And I was with a group.. . The bottom line is, you're paying $25 for $4 worth of crappy food with an outrageous gratuity for someone who only brings you silverware and a soft drink (alcohol is at a station only).
Sub par buffet with the worst service you will EVER receive....
No good. No good. Crap
Seafood tasted frozen. Roasted duck was pure grease and fat. The Cheese tasted like Kraft.. . The Shu Mai was ok.... . I got sick... I literally got sick from eating here - I don't think it was food poisoning, but my body was very upset that I came here, instead of arguing with my friends more about where we should have gone.
You can't Google reviews for buffets and not read about the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio. . . It's about $25 a person. When we went the line wasn't very long. The staff was friendly and it's a pretty clean restaurant. . . Now... onto the food. The buffet is GINORMOUS. I mean I had to walk FAAAAAR just get some grub. There's a little bit of everything: carving station, american food, chinese food, japanese food, indian food, mexican food, etc etc etc... I mean there's probably something for everyone here.. . I... however... am the queen of picky eating. My mom swears she fed me everything as a child and she's not quite sure what happened to me as an adult... lol but anyway... I think the food is meh. As the Yelp rating goes... meh, I've had better. BUT... for ME... eek! Methinks not. Forrealz! . . Yes, they have a HUGE QUANTITY of food. There's no way you can eat everything... but the QUALITY, that's where the eek comes in. Poor quality cheap food with little flavor, too much flavor, or a weird flavor. That's the only way I can sum it up.. . You know when  you eat somewhere and you have to go to the bathroom afterwards? (I get that this is TMI, but I'm just keepin it real!)... well, this is the type of food that you'll eat, and then you'll be visiting the bathroom after. . . I'd much rather personally have a SMALL quantity of food to choose from so long as the QUALITY of it is high. . . Sorry Rio... been there, done that, won't be back. I heart the Bellagio buffet.
Bullsh!t buffet!  Worst one in town. Cant believe all this food taste like crap
I don't know if I will ever come back, but I will for sure never recommend this buffet to anyone. First we were quoted $18 per person over the phone and when we showed up, it was $32 per person. Then while trying to get seated, the hostess was terribly rude and rolled her eyes at me when I requested a table near my family members. We were finally seated 45 minutes after first walking thru the door and 2 conversations with the manager who really didn't seem to care about the issues we had encountered later, my appetite was pretty much gone, so I couldn't even really enjoy my food, so I give it a C in terms of food quality. The service though is an F-...and don't bother looking to management for any kind of empathy because all you will get is an attitude...but then again it shows in the staff.
It has been a family tradition that when my family (immediate and extended) go to Las Vegas (usually as a group), we ALWAYS make the Carnival World Buffet part of our food tour.  This recent trip was no different.  We arrived in Vegas on Monday and decided it would be a "fun" thing to do on our first night there.  Afterall, we were tired from a day of travel, and we wanted to just relax, kick back, and begin the eating frenzy.  Wellllllll, this was anything BUT fun, but it definitely was a HUUUUUUUGE frenzy.......but not in the way we had planned.. . Let's start with the wait...........we stood in line for NINETY MINUTES just to get seated.......otherwise known as an hour and a half.  The New Year's Eve / weekend crowds were GONE.  This wasn't about dealing with THOSE crowds.  NO.  This was about dealing with the epitomy of stupidity, which created a long ass line.  In the past, they had AT LEAST 5-6 lines open, some of which were actual cashiers, and other lines for using automated machinery, usually for those paying by cash or credit card, and maybe 1 or 2 lines extra for hotel guests only.  Well, guess what....... there was only ONE LINE OPEN FOR THE WHOLE ROTTEN MESS.  Here's the kicker, though.........we got up to the front of the line and discovered that if we had walked over to one of the partitioned areas, WE COULD HAVE GOTTEN IN RIGHT AWAY.  However, NOBODY TOLD US WE COULD,and it was partitioned off as if we should stay away.  Instead of the manager or another buffet employee staying outside and making occasional announcements (as most places would do) that there were the automated machines for cash or credit card, which would have moved the lines along MUCH, MUCH faster, they instead remained silent and let all us dummies stand there for all that time, not ever knowing it was available.  I was already tired from getting up at 5am, traveling 1/2 the day, and now add in my feet were killing me from standing so long...... I seriously didn't need any added reminders telling me my body is getting old.  At this point, I'm just pissed.. . That's not all, though.........for all 11 of us, there was a delightful table for 12.......we had our eye on it, seemed like the perfect place for us to park our stuff, but yet........it was not to be ours.  New rule..........for a group of more than 10, a mandatory gratuity of 18% was being added to the already higher buffet rate (than we remembered), and this was not the case 5 years ago.  Nor were we in ANY mood to have more annoyances thrown our way.  Yet, if we took a table for 5 plus another table right next to it for 6, we'd have our seats but without the mandatory 18% gratuity.  I think what irked us the most was when we spoke to the manager about the long lines, plus the lines that were open but no one knew about.......and his reaction was one of "soooooooooo???????"  Not an attitude you want to see when you're already pissed.. . Then we get to the food part.  I went here for two things, and two things only.....crab legs and peel n' eat shrinp.  That's it.  Part of the reason is because I can never get that kind of quantity anywhere in L.A. for that kind of price, and yes, I definitely ate my money's worth of crab legs and shrimp......but let me tell you......I had to work for every last bit of it.  The shrimp was definitely in need of being peeled, but why did I have to?  Why couldn't they have done it?  The crab legs that needed my cracking them, well, that was a real job.  My husband wanted no part of working at it, but I didn't mind........I wanted those crab legs, so I worked and worked and worked at it.  They brought me some plastic device to use because they were not easy to break apart, nor had the restaurant gotten the crab legs started for me.  I had to crack them entirely, and it was not easy.  Plus, there wasn't that much meat in a lot of what I got, and by the time I realized the larger crab legs were the meatier ones, I had pretty much finished.  I took my time, stuck with it, and got what I wanted.  I can't speak about any of the other foods (from everywhere around the world) only because I didn't try them.  I left room for dessert, tried a few things, and pretty much didn't like any of them.  Uninspired.  Boring.. . All of us decided, young and old alike, that our tradition of going to the Carnival World Buffet has come to a close.  We were so pissed off by how we were treated, how they really don't give a shit about moving their lines through more quickly, and how the quality of food has gone down while the prices went up....we figured that we don't need to go there anymore.  There are many other buffets around town that would be quite happy to have our business.......with far better food.
I rarely give one stars but this buffet deserves it... 'best buffet in Vegas' please -__- the variety was whack.. the food was gross, I didn't even finish a plate of food... I literally had to eat my moneys worth of gelato and desert .. it was such a hassle to come here and just to be disappointed, I was so sad. wasted a good 2 hours of Vegas time going to/waiting/eating at this place...
It's been awhile since I've been here but thought it was still worth mentioning. The food was old and dry and my meal ended up being comped after la cucaracha. made its way across my table. I will never go back. Ever.
Where do I start... . . The Buffet, well how do I say this..We found a COCKROACH in the menudo!!!!! It doesn't matter how good everything else was, this brings it all to a big fat ZERO, since Yelp doesn't have a zero I left them one star which is the lowest score I can leave! We brought this up to the chef & never even received am apology or refund! Someone please correct me if I am wrong, but if there is one roach, there is probably tens of thousands?  I mentioned to a supervisor (Mr. Yoon I think) at the front desk & he told me to go to complain to the manager at the restaurant, yes he passed the buck! Never offered us refund! Poor customer service & very discussing experience to say the least. . . To make matters worse, they had a gang shooting in the parking level where our car was parked in which two gang members were shot by other gang members which cause the entire 4th level of the parking structure to be closed for 14 hours on Sunday morning. This was never mentioned to us when we checked out, they instead let us check out & carry all our luggage to the parking lot where we were told we couldn't leave for 8 hours. After googling the internet to find out more about this incident & instead found out this is not the first time this has occurred!. . Beware of this place, they are rude, dirty & unprofessional! They never even offered any type of compensation!!
Waited 75 minutes in line at 8:00pm despite at least 30 open tables visible.  Staff didn't seem to care and were laughing while standing around their work stations.  Expected the food to be worth it.  Ribs were tough, enchiladas were hard.  Dessert was good.  I will never go back.  Not worth the trip, even if you have the 24 hour pass.
Evidently there is a live critter special because we found a big ass cockroach running around the sauces. We told the staff and they tried to smash it with a towel. A towel?
The food was just OK, I saw a LOT of cross-contamination.  I get it, it's a buffet, but the cooks took it to a whole new level with using the same utensils for EVERYTHING.  I also saw a server pick up trash off the ground, then fix desserts with her hands without washing/changing gloves.. My husband asked for a crab leg splitter, and the waiter pulled out one from his apron that had food stuck in all the cracks.
It was really pricey considering the food was pretty awful. Yes you have a ton of options but it is all pretty unhealthy, rarely very fresh-tasting, and generally pretty low on quality. The crab legs were awful. The prime rib sucked. The Asian food was pretty much what you might get at an average takeout place. . . Okay so there's gelato. The dessert bar wasn't bad. But nowhere near worth the price of admission. . . I like the idea of a bar in a buffet but that was priced extra. . . I'm done with buffets in Vegas. Just go to Lotus of Siam and call it a night.
Service was great and the prime rib was really good. They had a wide selection but overall it was overpriced and I will not go back. i prefer the Wicked Spoon in Cosmo
Sooo, all B.S aside....besides working out and trading stocks hitting buffets are probably my third favorite thing to do (yes maybe even more so than skydiving and having sex) so when i say I am the Ron Jeremy of buffets having been around the block and then some, that's no exaggeration. . . After looking at the list of the best buffets in Vegas and seeing the RIO as #7 with one of the more affordable buffets on the list that's what I chose (can't image WTF could possibly be worth justifying an $89 buffet which was the price of #1 on that list). Being the 7th best one could expect some serious quality and selection especially on a Sunday afternoon when the food should be at the pinnacle of perfection. Not the case at all here!!. . Let me start by saying the layout of the RIO is pretty ingeniously done by the designers of the buffet to maximize the time and distance the customers have to walk while dining so as to either fill up faster or eat less due to being lazy and having to walk clear to the other side of the dining hall to get more of their favorite dish. Now I am no lazy SOB, I routinely run and bike 100 miles a week but I'll be damned if we didn't get seated on the farthest end of the seafood area which are my favorite foods and had about a 500 ft walk to and from that section just for another plate or 2of crab. Thing is the crab legs were so weak and small I only had one plate and didn't even bother heading back for another. . So how's the sushi selection you ask? Well, as one of the other yelper's commented it is typically  less than what you get at most run of the mill mom and pop Chinese buffets for $8-10. Considering the RIO was more than 3 times that price it was downright pathetic!! I am literally talking about maybe 6-7 different types of rolls and that was it! No sashimi, no fancy handmade sushi's....NOTHING! I almost couldn't believe it as usually the sushi section is the one area most buffets go crazy on. So that's strike one for the RIO.. . The second thing that immediately pissed me off about this place is the total lack of healthy options featured here. I'd say a solid 70-75% of the items were fried and breaded or literally dripping with fat and buttery sauces. Lets be honest people...anything deep fried is usually pretty low quality and very cheap (think fish sticks, fries, tater tots....etc..) so the more fried items a buffet has typically the more low grade the restaurant is and RIO sure was the case in that respect. The prime rib which I usually hit almost exclusively was 3/4 fat and grizzle (not an exaggeration). Not only that but the man carving the meat gave me a slice that wouldn't have fed a hamster and of course when I laughed and asked for about 3 times that amount he mumbled something, tossed another chunk on my plate and then turned and literally walked away....I mean WTF! I am a 240 lb dude...obviously I am going to eat what I take and you can tell I can EAT by the looks of me. The whole place was so freakin stingy I swear it's as if the managers told the employees that any food wasted or thrown out is coming out of their paychecks. . . Moving on...strike 3 and what solidified a 'never again' at the RIO was the dessert bar. It could be described in one single word....WEAK!!!! Now I am not a big dessert eater and typically only stick to fat free and sugar free desserts and ice creams but I swear, after doing a lap around the "dessert island" I am pretty sure Hometown buffet has double the selection and here's the real kicker.....most of the items are behind glass and you have to ask the attendant for everything you want! Once again I understand people take too much and end up wasting food especially kids and dessert I assume is notorious for being taken and tossed but come the fuc* on man. . I hope your sitting before reading this next one and no.....this is not a joke. They actually served the ice cream in little plastic cups like the ones you fill condiments and sauces with at fast food restaurants. For $32 per person I got handed a fuc*ing 1 oz plastic cup with 1.....yes 1 mouthful of sugar free ice cream. At that point my confusion actually turned into rage at thinking of the $$ my friends and I just dropped and what better options we had access to for much cheaper. . . Most of the negative reviews here are spot on....this place downright SUCKS!!! The food is highly sub par (and my standards are below average at best) so me complaining about service and food means that a restaurant should most likely be condemned and demolished. I would honestly not even go again and waste the gas money even if I were to get a free voucher it was THAT pitiful. Maybe it's gone downhill recently and the 4 and 5 star reviews were from a while ago or perhaps the people that wrote those just won $10k at the slots and were so elated that a box of dog poo would have been given 5 stars....I don't know but I do know that I will never go back to the Carnival buffet at the RIO again. . End of rant.
In the early 2000's this was my fav buffet, however this last trip it was horrible!  The food was bland, and old!  The only thing that was good were the Asian soups!
Uhm... I recall hearing that this place is supposed to be good. Maybe that was decades ago.. . The pho noodles weren't completely cooked & was flavorless.. . Hubby said roast beef dry.  Although the mongolian fresh food was decent along with the beets salad.. . Coconut & tiramisu gelato was good as with the tres leches.  . . Why only 2 stars? The food wasnt fresh enough in a large enough quantity to make it appealing to me.. . 5 stars for the wait staff service, but that alone nor the desserts will get me back in that place...
THE WORST FOOD EVER! The only reason I'm even giving them a one is because of our nice server and the amount of selection they have. We chose to visit this buffet because of the variety they offered as we had some friends that are not too fond of seafood. Although your ticket will be good for 24hours at the alternative buffets, the food here is not fresh or taste good.  I would rather go to a hometown buffet or go to the closest 711 to get some snacks to eat rather than to visit this place again.  All the food is hard to bite into and flavorless.  For the price of $50 a person go treat yourself to a 5 star restaurant!
The most amazing, delectable, savory pile of bullshit I've ever attempted to obtain sustenance from. Right now I'm laying in my bed upstairs in the Rio, writhing around in pain due to the almost certain food poisoning ill be receiving from my $35 dog slop courtesy of the carnival world buffet. After writing this review ill probably try to go throw up to get these disease-ridden, rancid animal carcasses out of my body that they try to pass off as edible food. . . I found a duck tooth in the serving tray, mentioned it to my friend, and an employee hurriedly ran over and tried to hide the fact that one of these foul, rotten pond creatures had lost a molar in my dinner to be. . . Our waiter came over and was touching the food on my plate with his bare hands in an attempt to give me some unwarranted advice on opening the soggy, atrophied crap they were calling crab legs.. . Our server sat me one foot away from a pile of trash and crab detris the size of a dinner plate on the bench seat next to where I was supposed to be able to eat, which of course was impossible due to the rancid fumes coming off this bullshit.. . What topped off my terrible experience was looking across the dining hall and seeing a server with his hand deep down the back of his pants, scratching his ass crack, after which he got right back into handling food and drinks. . . Ohh yea, forgot to mention that they let some snobby old woman bring her little dog into the restaurant, just to have it shit all over the place and not get cleaned up for 20 minutes. . . I'm very surprised the rio is still allowed to be open and hasn't killed anyone yet. Ohh wait, that will probably be me in 30 mins. My last words on this earth will be to prevent any would be patrons from dining here. The Rio's World Carnival Buffet is the sickest, most diseased, foul crap I've ever laid my eyes upon
the food is not fresh, i got a food poisoning 3 hours after i ate there. my stomach hurts so bad the second day, cold sweat no energy! never go back there
So if bodily functions offend you... READ NO FURTHER. . . As I sit here on the pot in saying to myself... Ah this is how those chicks felt in the movie Bridesmaids.  I think possibly Linda Blaire is hiding somewhere in this gigantic a** of mine.  Let's rewind to the beginning shall we? . . I'm hungry.. So, I think hmmmm I want pizza, looking through the menus I say to myself, there's no way i'm going to find pizza as good as Chicago. So... I decide to yelp food. I remember there is a buffet here, two of them in fact. So, I yelp the "world carnival buffet".  Rave reviews.. "best buffet in Vegas" yada yada yada. Ok, i'm convinced i'm gunna eat fat girl style.  Omg.... I decide to be adventurous, i'm gunna try roasted duck. Tasted more like roasted death! Everything tasted funny. Not 1 thing I tried did I think, damn this is good.  Even the desserts to me were bad.  Thank God i'm afraid to try sea food, could've had a worse ending.  So... I leave. I'm walking through the casino which is probably the biggest one i've been in, and I feel my tummy start expanding.... Uh oh.... I better walk faster. Squeezing my butt cheeks together tighter than the newbie in prison. I seriously didn't think I'd make it.... But I did.  Thank God, cuz projectile poop in yoga pants calls for a bad day.  Moral of the story "don't do buffets, order crappy pizza instead!" Ok, I think it's safe to get off this thing.. . Sigh...
i remembered this being the biggest and best buffet in las vegas but it disappointed me this time around. . the food was not that great. . they have unique items like sesame balls with bean paste and samosas but the food is not well made and tastes really mass produced. . there's a mongolian bbq station but its ok.... . i didnt really like it
Sorry! But Rio has bad buffets. Yes they may have a lot of selections but no floavor what so ever!. I think it rank the bottom with The Vilage Seafood Buffet of the all the Buffet of Buffet!
Five stars to the waiter/busboy Fransisco, he was awesome.. . Was not happy with the service from the host. She was very rude and would not sit a party of 15 down together. We had all payed for our dinners in families already and when the  host asked us our party number she said that we had to pay extra gratuity. That would of been completely ok but the part that irritated all of us was that they still would not sit us all together. Oh and by the way it was dinner for my best friends 21st birthday and that big group of 15 people that wanted to sit with her to celebrate her birthday was her family. On top of that there was a whole area that was not being used with a huge table that would fit us all.. . It was not until we got settled down that Fransisco came to the recuse and brought us all together to enjoy our meal together.  . . As far as the food, mehhh...quality is not that great.
Just no. Line was long but had the longest wait when we got to the front. The host was also being very unprofessional. Yes, it was hot but fanning yourself when all you're doing is telling the waiters how many people are in a party ... They have a big selection of food but everything was eh. Seems like they add sooooooooooooo much salt into everything :/ also, their "gelato" do not taste like gelato. Not even froyo or ice cream. It tasted like cold melting milk ... Bleh , was very disappointed.
One star for the gelato. The rest of the food was not good and the RIo hotel is in bad shape. It was recommended by Worldmark, and I am unsure why. We went on 7/6 for breakfast and there was no line at all. No wonder...
Easily the *worst* meal I have ever had in Las Vegas.  Prime rib that wasn't cooked long enough. Roast turkey that was so dry it crumbled, hot and sour soup that tasted like a bowl of beef gravy, Chicken Parmesan that resembled a hockey puck... desserts so full of fake sugar my I almost felt my teeth rotting on the spot.  Cod filets that were closer to fish sticks. The *only* redeeming aspect was the service. Spend a little extra and go to the Bacchanal at Caesar's.  I'm going to be sick now.
You are better off going anywhere else.  This Rio buffet used to be great because they were the first to offer so much and with big variety, but now all the hotels do.  The food was good of course, but for that price you can get just as good food (if not better) somewhere else AND with better service.  The 1-star rating is for the horrible service.  Our table and seats had food crumbs all over them and we didn't get asked what we wanted to drink (or even water) for over 10 minutes.  We had no idea who our server even was!  It wasn't even crowded either. We tipped the bus boy who took our plates away since he was nice and doing all the work anyway.  We probably should have asked for the manager but didn't want to make a stink, so sorry to bother you server-in-the-section-we-were-seated, we won't be going again.
You are better off going anywhere else.  This Rio Carnival buffet used to be great because they were the first to offer so much and with big variety, but now all the hotels do.  The food was good of course, but for that price you can get just as good food (if not better) somewhere else AND with better service.  The 1-star rating is for the horrible service.  Our table and seats had food crumbs all over them and we didn't get asked what we wanted to drink (or even water) for over 10 minutes.  We had no idea who our server even was!  It wasn't even crowded either. We tipped the bus boy who took our plates away since he was nice and doing all the work anyway.  We probably should have asked for the manager but didn't want to make a stink, so sorry to bother you server-in-the-section-we-were-seated, we won't be going again.
This is a very large buffett, lots to choose from, but unfortunately lacks taste and quality! !
This place has gone downhill from the time it opened. The food is horrific. The pastas were soupy with no flavor at all- the fish looked like something they would serve in a nursing home, bland and colorless and once again drenched in liquid ( I guess to keep them from drying out) even the gelato bar can't compare to the studio b buffet- if you want deep fried food and or lots without quality or thought into how it is presented come here to eat but remember there are other places that you can spend your money at that serves better quality food.
My wife and I paid $67 for the buffet, and like everything else at the Rio, it was deserted. There was an outbreak of the norovirus at the Rio this past weekend, and I assume people were worried that it came from the buffet, because it was dinner time and the place was way less than half full. . . They have a velvet rope where they make you wait before being seated. There were three employees standing there staring at us behind the rope. One of them acknowledged us, asked us how we were doing, and then just stood there and stared. Not even ten feet away was a section with about ten tables for two, and only one of them was occupied. As visible as these tables were to us, they were even more visible to the three employees staring at us. Also visible were the buffet lines, with maybe five people total getting food.. . We waited about ten minutes and finally it just grew absurd. We decided to ask for a refund. For $67, at a second-rate off-strip casino, it's ridiculous to make anyone wait. Especially not when the place is basically deserted.. . The refund process was a hassle. The employees all took nasty tones with us, and the manager who gave us the refund didn't even apologize for the whole ordeal.. . Avoid this place like the plague. Actually, with the norovirus already present, maybe the plague is next.
