Overview: . . Good food, terrible service and incredibly overpriced even by Vegas standards.  This is one to avoid unless you're really desperate for expensive sushi and/or punitive omasake.. . Food:. . The food was good.  Sushi Samba offers a unique but odd blend of Japanese and Brazillian cooking.  The menu explains that there are Japanese people who live in Brazil but that doesn't explain how sushi and mashed purple potatoes go together.  . . My wife and I wanted to order eel.  On the menu it said $6 for eel.   At most sushi places an order would be two pieces.  At SS an order is ONE piece.  I've eaten at some very high end sushi places, none would dare charge this much for eel.  The rest of the fish was similarly overpriced.  Rolls with four pieces were hitting $20, it was crazy.. . That said, the eel was pretty good as was everything else I ate.  The oyster,  was good but cost the almost the same as the eel ($4 each).  My main course was a well cooked piece of chicken with an excellent purple mash.  I tried several other dishes and it was the only one I'd think of ordering again.. . One veggie friend opted for the omasake and ended up leaving as hungry as he arrived.. . Service:. . The service was unbelievably bad on every single level.  Our server was nowhere to be found, we literally had to beg her to come back to our table and take our money.  The food came out at a pace unseen before.  Some items took over an hour to make.  Things like fish, which probably cooked for only five minutes.  Sushi took almost as long, even the simple to make stuff.  The waitress came by to explain that things would come out as they're ready because they have three kitchens.  Come to think of it, she said that to us at least six times.  Maybe they should have one kitchen that functions properly.. . At this snails pace the waitress still managed to screw things up, ordering me the most expensive oysters when in fact I had ordered another kind.. . All this pales in comparison to my friend who said he was a vegetarian and, at the pleading of the waitress, agreed to "trust her" and let her select things he'd eat.  He wasn't a vegan, but a vegetarian.  He ended up with a large plate of vegetables covered in teriaki sauce.  That was his dinner.  How pathetic. . . Atmosphere:. . This place gave me a headache.  There were odd silent film strips running on the walls, insane colors all over the place and the typical loud Vegas roar in the background.  Of course there are few color palates I can stomach for that length of time.. . Value:. . This place was the worst value of any place I ate on my trip.  I spent $125 for two people and left feeling hungry.  High end sushi places rarely charge the prices this place charges and considering this was a step above "Rock n' Roll Sushi" they have no right to be charging these amounts for what are basic items.  . . The friend who ended up with the plate of vegetables still had a $40 bill for himself.
Since writing this review I've received two e-mails from Sushi Samba employees suggesting I return and that they are genuinely sorry that I had a bad experience and are sure it won't repeat.  . . My question is:  Where was this level of service when I was eating there?. . Like hell I'm going to spend another hundred something dollars for them to prove to me that they don't suck.
My husband and I made a reservation here on 2/10/11 for his birthday. Our reservation was for 6:45pm. When we arrived the restaurant  was maybe 40% full. We were seated at a small 2 person table, RIGHT next to another couple. There was maybe 4 inches of space between the tables. The hostess had to pull the table out so a person could sit on the bench side!!! The couple next to use was less than thrilled at 1) we were seated so close in a nearly empty restaurant  and 2) that thier food had taken way to long to come out. We got up and left. Totally unimpressed, will not try this place again, and will not encourage anyone else to eat there.
Most disappointing sushi, EVER. The sushi is priced per slice. And when it arrived, we were immediately saddened by the diminutive size. Even the rice was poorly apportioned. I would guess that the rive was maybe a teaspoon, if that. And the thinly sliced hamachi, sake, and unagi was not much bigger, literally, than a piece of gum. Way overpriced and undersized. The unagi was cold, not freshly cooked, more akin to something under a heat lamp. And sitting at the sushi bar itself was no joy. One orders from the waiter, not directly from the sushi chef.. . Other Palozo/Venetian high-priced restraunts give you service & food worth the costs, not Sushi Samba. Save you money, go somewhere else.
HELLS TO THE NOooooo!!!!!!!!!  This place does not even deserve my rating but I must warn the yahoo's out there that think it might be okay since it is in the Palazzo.  . . Group of six...all sushi enthusiasts from California...ready to throw down a great meal after a great show (BTW Blue Man Group Rocks!) . . The worst service EVAH! Why have three different kitchens if your servers cannot keep up with ONE!?  Ordered Sparkling saki Moon Rabbit...got Star Rabbit instead...mmmm...ok...BUT to have the nerve to treat me as if I didn't know which saki I ordered?! SHAME.  . . Then we look at the menu.... Seriously? $6 for ONE piece of sushi? WOW!  I know I can get grade A sushi without the price elsewhere so I opted for a quasi-meal and ordered the Lobster for $25...knowing it was gonna be small, I figured I would try and get somewhat of a meal since my sushi bill alone would've been OFF the charts.  I was told it was the shell with three small pieces of lobster on top.  WRONG! I about fell over and died when I realized, after digging through the smelt eggs with my chopsticks, that there was NO meat!  NO LOBSTER MEAT whatsoever!!!  I went in again and picked up what I thought was meat and it was a piece of shell.  HOLY SHIT...they just served me lobster tail without meat...NO LIE.. . I sent it back and refused to order anything else since the rest of my party was almost done with their meal.  I was annoyed, hungry, and our check took a fucking century because our server knew she was getting her 20% no matter how shitty our experience.  . . BEWARE! This place is a sham and a sorry excuse for servicing people that are willing and ready to spend good money for a good meal.  I HATE the strip for that very reason.
If your large party is looking for a restaurant where you walk in hungry and leave just as hungry and unsatisfied while you were just taken for a crazy price...BY ALL MEANS - this Sushi/ Brazilian restaurant is for you! . . So their "concept" for a group of 8 guests....a waitress brings ONE menu for EVERYONE at the table. (Apparently there is a ration on menus at this restaurant). She happily tells you that you give her an "idea" of what you like and then SHE will decide what to bring to your table based off of what you tell her - the prices for this "family" style of ordering started at $50 per person and went up from there - NOT INCLUDING ALCOHOL OR DESSERT. WTH??? Oh, but you don't have to pay for something if you don't like it......supposably. . . As she brings these TINY portions out to our table for us to fight over, we soon realize that no one is really getting what they wanted and no one is satisfied with what she is serving us. Some liked certain items, but honestly, the bowls of white rice was the most filling thing we ate. Even the black beans were terribly under seasoned - how can anyone screw up black beans?? . . Remember the "if you don't like what she brings out, you don't need to pay for it" rule? Well, the minute you complain about not liking something, the waitress gives attitude and acts frustrated at your lack of ability to communicate what you want her to bring you.... when most of the table did not get a chance to even see the menu in the first place. . . After a meal that felt like we just ate at an Ethiopian Restaurant and still hungry, we chanced ordering a "large plate" dessert and some other people at our table ordered a "small plate" dessert. When the desserts come, our dessert was a VERY SMALL piece of cake on a VERY LARGE SAUCER PLATE.....and the our friends who ordered the small dessert was larger than our dessert, but on a SMALL PLATE....SO they didn't technically lie about the size of the plates, but lets just say they really need to rethink their menu and overall concept. . . Ultimately, we left the restaurant $75 each lighter in our wallets -( as the tip was already added for the crappy service we did get.)  and feeling like we should have all gotten a jar or lube on our way in as we all felt assaulted at the end of our meal.. . If I could have given a lower score, I would have! SUSHI SAMBA is a huge ripoff with crappy service and an even crappier concept. The one positive is the interior design of the restaurant was creative, which is the only thing positive I can say about ti, sadly.
Are you serious?!. This restaurant is so ugly. There is absolutely no ambiance.. The food is average. The prices are high. . I just don't get it....def a mistake was made coming here.
Worst restaurant in Vegas period..... I can write a book about there offensive quality of food and lack o service but I will not waste another second getting angry over this sorry esss establishment... big rip off... these crooks should be jailed
Seriously? Four tiny pieces in the $14 yellow tail ceviche?  Ripp off.
The service is sub-par, the food is mediocre, and way way overpriced. When I was in Vegas four months ago, we ate at Sushi Roku in The Forum Shops, and were blown away by everything- you can't get anything like that back in Pennsylvania! Since my fiance and I love sushi, we figured we'd explore some more of what Vegas had to offer this time sushi-wise, and settled on Sushisamba.. . We were more or less ignored during our stay, waited nearly five minutes for soy sauce, had our meals come out before our appetizer, and were only checked on once
Long overdue review.. . I really was disappointed because my Mom's side of the family are Asian immigrants to Brazil who had lived in South America for decades. I really thought this was going to be Brazilian style Sushi, but it wasn't. A lot of people don't know this, but Brazil has the 3rd largest population of Asians outside of Asia.  1st being the USA, 2nd being Canada, and 3rd being Brazil.  Did you also know that Brazil has more Japanese residents than the United States? So, I was very excited that a place like this opened up. . . I am a big fan of "fusion sushi".  I love new and creative twists on the oldschool style maki, but Sushisamba just doesn't do it as well as other sushi restaurants. Sushi is really really popular in Brazil.  And unlike Americans, the Brazilian sushi houses tend to be very traditional. That means that they don't really like California rolls or other types of fusion sushi that is popular in America.  But, the menu here is more similar to Ichiro Mashita's American style sushi. . . Sushisamba prides themselves on having "fresh fish", that is of higher quality than smaller sushi restaurants and that is their justification for charging higher prices. But, even places like Sushi Bomb(North West), Sushi on Rainbow(Koreatown), Sushi Twister(Boulder Highway) and even the overrated Goyemon(Southwest) have fresh fish flown in everyday, and some of these places even keep the fish alive in tanks until the day of serving. And they only charge a fraction of what this place does. You know, even the Edomaezushi style Kabuto restaurant's prices are lower than this place.  . . I guess I'm just really upset over the fact that they hyped this place up as a Brazilian-Japanese style restaurant and it wasn't any of that. It wasn't Brazilian cuisine and it really wasn't authentic Japanese cuisine. And, I just recently found out that the owner of this place is a guy named Matthew Johnson. That doesn't sound Brazilian or Japanese to me. . . You know how a lot of full-blooded Japanese yelpers always complain about how they hate Sushi bars that are owned and operated by non-Japanese Asians and have Latino cooks? Yet, this place is owned by a White man from New York City and we don't find those same Japanese Yelpers complaining? Why is that? Someone explain that to me? Where is Alex S and Hootie B??
I'm back bitches!  . . Unfortunately, the review that I chose my return on isn't a glowing five star, but a glowering 1 star.. . The only meal I ate in Vegas for 3 days ( I kid you not) was Friday not at this place.  It came highly recommended by numerous friends, so I thought this should be some great sushi.  . . Boy was I mistaken. . . Firstly, we had a 10PM reservation.  We arrived at 9:45 thinking we'll grab a seat at the bar and sip on a cocktail and people watch at all the bachelorette parties, etc.  Well, 45 mins later and we still didn't have a table.  My stomach was growling, and my face was scowling at this point.  . . The hostess was rude when we would ask how much longer for a table, she would just say, You're next.  Really? I'm next you said that 10 people ago??!!. . When we finally got our seats, we ordered the following:. . --Rock shrimp:  It was tempura battered.  The first few bites were good, but as everything began to cool, it just became mushy.  . . --Fusion sushi roll was boring, bland and well, you get the point. . --The only thing that was excellent was the sea bass. It was moist, delicate and absolutely delicious.  But, $25 for 2 skewers left me wanting.  . . The peruvian corn was awful... . The restaurant itself is everything that you would expect from Vegas. Upscale, trendy and expensive.  $200 for three items and 4 cocktails.  Not worth my only eating experience in Vegas that weekend.
Sorry, SushiSamba, but what happens in Vegas, certainly does not stay in Vegas.. . I was recently on a business trip to the Sin City and ate at SushiSamba three separate occasions. The first two were great experiences, but sadly third time wasn't a charm. It completely ruined my entire experience.. . While the sushi was good (certainly not the best I've ever had) I was appalled when my co-worker found a hair in his roll during my third meal there. As soon as he did, we notified our waitress and her reply was "can I get you another roll?" so he ordered a new one. Then she asks, "is it blonde? Because if it is, it may have been mine but don't worry I showered this morning.". . Yelpers, I kid you not.. . OH GEE THANKS! Now I can rest assured knowing your dead skin cells that are possibly floating around my stomach were at least CLEAN.. . I about died - but instead stuck to eating coconut rice (I didn't dare touch a roll). A few minutes later..... another hair.. . This time I stormed up and demanded the manager who questioned us the entire time and seemed entirely unconvinced that there was any hair in either of the rolls. I am sorry, but when a customer is SHOWING YOU a hair in their food, you shouldprobably not question it. She then says, "I just have to check because sometimes it isn't hair. Sometimes it is just small shards of chopsticks that look like blonde hair.". . Are you kidding me? So now, I should be happy with the fact that it might not be the waitress' CLEAN blonde hair, but instead a shard of chopstick that could pierce my esophagus?. . I have never experienced a more ridiculous restaurant situation in my life. Needless to say I left with the worst impression of the entire restaurant, which is a pity considering the first two occasions went well. Good luck to whoever dines at this place - but don't worry, at least the hair in your sushi roll is probably clean.
Awful...that's the only word I have to describe our experience at SushiSamba. We had a reservation at 8:30, and we arrived around 8:15. We knew we were a tad early, so they told us it would be a few minutes. We did not sit down until around 9 p.m., meanwhile they sat parties of walk-ups ahead of us. I was willing to overlook this little snafu when we finally sat down, but then we were completely ignored by our waiter. By the time 9:30 p.m. rolled around, we had not ordered, we did not have water, and we did not have a waiter. He finally made his way over to our table, at this point we were starving.. . We all got cocktails and ordered, but it really felt like they were off their game since everything took forever to reach our table. I have to think it was a bad night, because this place would be out of business with service like this every night. . . The food was okay, we got the appetizer sampler, a few specialty rolls, and skewers. Typical sushi fare, I didn't quite see the fusion aspect. My friend got pretty sick after the meal, so something he ordered did not agree with him. . . Overall, horrible experience, I'll never go back and I'd never recommend it to anyone coming in to town. Save yourself the headache and pick almost any other restaurant for a better time.
Overpriced. . No Service. . This place used to be good. Every time we go Vegas we'd go this place. But this time I was really disappointed. Lack of service & overpriced items. Not worth the hype.. We'll look different place for our sushi spot next visit.
The food was ok.  The mushroom appetizer was good, and so were the sushi.  The major complaint is the service.  When we are sitting down, a woman was complaining already that the server took a long time to come around.  But her english was bad, and I don't think the hostess took it seriously.  Unless my wife and I experience the same thing.  We order a bottle of decent saki, and our waiter had to be reminding twice to refill our drinks.  And he got two of orders wrong.  He made some excuse about the system, but one order was wrong after I reminded him of my hamachi order after getting the yamato roll.  We told this to the manager, not sure if he will do anything.  I think we was just going to calm the customer, I told him it was one of the worst services in Vegas, and we have been to many places (including cafes and Joel Robuchon's place) of wide range.  I strongly recommend you complain quickly if you see a skinny waiter with glasses and goatee comes over.  A true disappointment.
SUSHI SAMBA gave me a VERY BAD Experience!  I go to Vegas at least once every 3 months, and I was recommended by my colleague to try out the Palazzo, because he said that the Palazzo was a very nice place to stay at.  I definitely agree with my colleague on how nice this hotel is, but now the Palazzo is going to lose a lot of business.  We spent $3250+ for a couple of days in Vegas, and the customer service reps forgot that customers come first.  I called GRAZIEs phone number to file a complaint about the Sushi Samba manager that asked us to sit outside the bar and they told me to go to the Palazzo's front desk to file a complaint.  When I went to the front desk, the customer service reps told me that they cannot do anything.  Then they were kind enough to tell us that we had to leave or put on a shirt because I had tattoos.  I guess they think they are the only Sushi restaurant in town.  I hope the owner of this particular establishment does a better job of hiring managers.
Food was average. The waiter did not seem to care about food sensitivities or preferences, he refused to give us a menu and assured us we would spend 50 dollars each. He brought us food according to what we preferred, but food was on par with chain restaurants like the Cheesecake Factory. Don't hoard the menu dudebro! Bill came and it ended up being 150 a person. Triple what he had told us it would be. 6 people and 1100 dollars for an average meal is not what I want to experience in Las Vegas. I'm fine with spending money, but it needs to be worth it and I need to know in advance so I can budget accordingly.. . Ambiance was nice, service was attentive... But hey, we were the cash cow of the night, if he had ignored us, our complaint to the manager would have been legitimate enough to get a discount. This restaurant will live on forever in my memory as a regret of wasted money that keep me up at night. Like that time I thought it would be a good idea to sign up for marathons I never ran, or that time I bought my ex boyfriend a gold necklace the year I found out he cheated on me. . . Never again!! Stay away, unless someone else is footing the bill!
Came here with a group of girlfriends and they sat us in a back room . The ambiance was DEAD. maybe one other table... I felt like a leopard.  The front of the restaurant is where it's going on! . . Well i'm allergic to sea food so it was not my choice to come here. I told our server that so he knew to tell the kitchen. I ordered the steak and BTW it was the smallest steak EVER!!! i normally wouldn't care but it was $35!!! I was still hungry after!!!  . . long story short about an hour after dinner I was throwing up my tiny tiny dinner!!  I also had rashes and all that good stuff going on...  . .  P.S. They ruined my Vegas night because I ended up in bed throwing up all night instead of going out with my girl friends... P.S.S. I had nothing to drink so I know it was the food. . . STAY FAR FAR AWAY !!!! If you want to see another day..... . VEGAS NIGHT KILLERS!
I do not eat sushi but all the ladies I was with wanted it - I ordered the teriyaki chicken and a side of rice and a drink....the price was outrageous! ($52) The chicken was good but not that good!
Where to start. We went there on a Thursday night at 830. Our waiter was the worst waiter ever experienced. He was not attentive at all and was borderline rude to us the whole time we were there. The food was okay, but not excellent. The portions for the price are high even with this being Vegas. There are other places on the strip I would go to before ever go back to this place. Save your time and money!
Horrible service, extremely ignorant waiters and waitresses. Food is way overpriced, and it was not even close to good sushi. The rolls are tasteless.
I usually dont bad mouth a restaurant, but this place I have to! The food was awfull, and not to mention the service sucked! They had 1 airhead waitress taking orders for the whole place and she just didnt care about making people wait. To pay 24 dollars for a roll, you would think it would taste like fish and not cardboard. I ordered a pomegranate martini and asked if they use Pom, and was reassured they did, but my martini tasted like perfume not pomegranate. After complaining to the waitress, the manager approached us and asked how can he make up and offered us some yellowtail sashimi, He brought over 4 thin pieces of sashimi, and after getting the bill we realized he charged us 22 dollars for the 4 pieces. Their sushi tasted like paper and cardboard, not fish. After spending 200 dollars among 2 couples and leaving there hungry, I was very upset. A total rip off!!!
