The night my friends and I had at Hakkasan started off well enough with a pre-arranged table thanks to 2 friends who work in the industry.. . 9 members of our 12 person group plus our local friends showed up initially, others waited on a friend whose flight was late. When they arrived, the club staff told them that our table was full and kept trying to say conditions to get more money out of them. Eventually, we gave up on getting them in. . . The club itself has an Asian ultra/postmodern aesthetic, and impressive lighting and sound. Our table servers Samantha and Vince were quite personable and did an excellent job. However, the dance floor on the main floor was on the small side in favor of having more tables that they were unable to fill on opening weekend, which probably doesn't bode well. . . When our bill came at the end of the night, it conveniently was an "accident[al]  " $700 higher than it was supposed to be, which we caught and paid the original previously agreed upon amount.  Well, that and a required 40% gratuity, which seemed pretty outrageous after that.
My friend got comped a $4k table next to the dj, which you think would be amazing. All he had to pay was the gratuity. Be prepared to pay all these set fees from hakkasan. After taxes and all the set fees, it adds up to 40% of fees on top of the $4k . I thought service fees are included in gratuity, in our case it was an additional fee on top. Gratuity was an automatic 22%. Anyhow that wasn't the only issue. Our servers kept spilling our drinks in the shaker and taking them away when there was still alcohol in it. They kept pouring nonstop that we had to put it on top of the couch. Which they proceeded to toss away when we weren't looking. Who does that!!?? The only people who was nice was the security inside the venue. Sorry hakkasan but the only thing you have going was the music. I would never come back unless I am forced to. XS still has the best venue.
Total let down. Anticipated this club for over a year and just another over-hyped waste of time and money. Decor sucks, design sucks, service is terrible.  You're better off sitting at the bar 10 feet away from the poorly designed entrance and buying a table there.  The club is located in the furthest possible spot from the valet and parking garage. It takes 5 minutes to walk to the club after the valet makes you give them $40 to park your and they tell you it's hotel guests only even though its empty. Too many great clubs in this city to settle for this mediocre flop.
Hakkasan=Major dissappointment!  . . Came here Grand Opening night with Deadmau5 headlining.  Bought tickets ahead of time so was in a shorter line...waited maybe 5-10 min.  . . With all the competition, I have to admit that Hakkasan doesn't even measure up to Marquee, XS or Surrender.  I was so curious and hopeful that Hakkasan would be another great club.  Not this time. . . Negatives:. -There was no re-entry like all the other clubs offer. -There was no tapwater at the bars. -No outdoor patio area . -The layout was too enclosed and there were too many sets of stairs. -Dancefloor in the Ling Ling Room was quite small. -The crowd as a whole isn't as attractive as the crowds at XS/Marquee. -Another Asian themed club in terms of decor.  There was nothing innovative, nothing new, nothing to really talk about. . It really was dissapointing that there wasn't an outdoor area.  I mean come on!  I think that's one of the best parts of XS, Surrender and Marquee.  With the warm weather coming around, the option to hang out outside would have been a considerate addition.  . . Sadly, there's nothing special about Hakkasan.  The only good thing about it is that they have good DJ residencies but really, don't waste your time or money coming here.
For all the hype this place is getting, this place is TERRIBLE!!! Decor was ugly, music was subpar, no one was dancing, including the terribly dressed go-go dancers (It's pretty bad when even the hired dancers won't dance).. . The worst part of Hakkasan is their clientele. This is definitely the opposite of an upscale club. Picture drunk, botox-filled, late 40 somethings, mixed with dirty cowboys, mixed with girls who couldn't get into hotter clubs. . . I went there with 6 good-looking girls and we left this dump for XS within 30 mins of arrival and had the most epic night. As we walked out of the Hakkasan, a bouncer actally told us that we hurt his feelings because we were leaving already. . . Word of advice: Save your time and sexy outfit. Any club housed in a 5 star hotel on the strip will be a better choice than this one.
I went to the grand opening. We went in a really large group, paid for all drinks in cash and I only charged one $30 transaction. However, when I looked at my credit card statements there were two more charges on my card adding up to $150. Our group tipped them very well, and all in cash. Horrible experience and also got charged 2 times for drinks transactions that I didn't even get to enjoy. I would never recommend this place to a friend and would never set foot in here again. Very unethical services!
small, stairs, sucks
HORRIBLE, stairs galore! . WORST club set up ever!!!And forget about mingling with others it is pitch dark  and if you don't have a table you are screwed bc there are no real dance floors. It's like you have a table or you are walking around the entire time bc you can't block walk way. Also whoever is managing the door people is horrible they had a hater girl managing the guestlist girl line that would not let any of the girls in unless they were paying $$$$$. Right when my friends and I were about to leave (all good looking girls) we told one of the marketing guys and he walked us right in. P.S. Don't put a plain hater girl to manage the girl line. XS, Tao . . . pretty much any other Vegas club is better than this. After being there 45 minutes we went to Tao and didn't even have to wait in line & they gave us a table.
Crowded, Overpriced, Snobby people. Complete waste of time, energy and money.
Question: who the eff asked for more asians in the clubs? . . Hakkasan was a major fail in my book for many reasons.  I would say skip this place unless your ideal mate is a 5'0" asian male. . . First of all, the managers and promoters are incredibly rude and 'require photo submission' to get on guestlist. seriously, WHAAT?! you know those hot girls in 5inch heels and skin-tight dresses? HELL no do they want to walk half a mile, just to go up and down a bajillion stairs. Get it together; your club sucks and Lady LingLing is unsatisfied.. . Also, no outdoor pool/patio area? how's a girl supposed to hustle some drinks then? Hakksan has the perfect recipe for failure: expensive as hell + thirsty girls + rude management + terrible layout= unhappy vegas-goers. Back to XS, I go.
Think of Hakkasan as a larger Marquee with many more tables but no outdoor patio and designed to offer absolutely 0 sitting space.  . . To see the DJ you either have to be on the dance floor, which is pathetically small considering the club's 3800 person capacity or have a table.... . How much are tables?  Assuming you're going on a Friday or Saturday, tables start at about $5,000....not $500 but 5 GRAND....are you serious?  The place just seems like a shameless money making club with no regard to the fun factor or anyone who goes through general admission....which was $40 presale or $150 at the door for men.. . My girlfriend and I left at 11:00pm and saw many more people leave around that time because they thought the club was just not good..... . P.s to TESIA Y's review (2 reviews ago) nobody goes to the club to find a "mate" LOL
I'll keep it short, but this is for their rude management. . . Just had 4 girls and got through the Guestlist line really fast and once we got to the ID check, that's when it went horrible. This very rude bouncer checks my friend's ID and does not believe it is hers. My friend is 24, and so am I, and my other 2 friends are 25. WTF? He then grabs another guy to check the ID and he also says, "that is not her." . . THAT IS SUCH BULLSHIT. I've been coming to Vegas for 3 years along with my friend who got checked and have gotten into XS, Marquee, TAO, EBC etc. with NO QUESTION whatsoever. The ID picture looks exactly like my friend, just younger, because it's her HIGH SCHOOL picture. He then tells her that she's not coming in tonight. She pulls out her Chase Sapphire Credit Card, but he doesn't even want to look at it. WTF. Then he looks at me, "are you coming in, or are you going to leave with her?" WOW. . . First of all, we had a 2nd form of identification on her and he didn't even want to look at it. . . Second of all, it is really shady how he didn't even confiscate the ID if he thought it was fake. Isn't that the rule? Freaking ridiculous. . . I have heard such horrible things from friends that have been recently coming here. If you want to keep a business successful, get better management.
I know. I'm updating this about 2-3 weeks after I first got there.  It went from a 3 to 1 purely because I got kicked out for NO apparent reason ... and here's why.. . I was standing by the bar next to my boyfriend and I had rested my head on his shoulder area.  I was hugging him too - it was literally the stance of most couples when girls just want to rest their head on their guys. Literally 30 seconds after I did that, we got a tap on our shoulder saying that we had to go. WTF? Not wanting to cause a scene, we followed this bouncer to the door and he asked for my driver's license - so I gave it to him.  He then took my ID, wrote down my entire information, then gave that piece of paper to the bouncers at the entrance so that I couldn't back in ... since there's only one entry way into the club. . . First of all, can I just ask why I was kicked out?  I was perfectly fine - and the bouncer must've known since he asked ME for my ID, looked ME in the eye, gave ME BACK my own ID and watched me walk off perfectly fine. Now, I'm not going to lie and say that I was sober, but I was DEFINITELY not drunk to the point where it's obvious that I need to be kicked out. . . Secondly, if you bouncers are going to be strict, don't be looking around the bar for people to kick out. Because guess what?  My friend YACKED in the MIDDLEof the dance floor. Did he get kicked out? No. And I was kicked out for resting my head on my boyfriend's shoulder?  I wasn't stumbling, I wasn't all over the place. and I wasn't even near yacking or looking like I needed to. . . This club is ridiculous. . I had SUCH high expectations and I've given this club a second chance that it COMPLETELY ruined - on my birthday weekend too. . . The only good part? The promoter was nice and got us girls in fast.  But after that - downhill. I will avoid this club at ALL costs.  And I suggest you guys do the same -  it's NOT worth it. At all. It's to the point where Marquee seems better. I mean it does have re-entry and an outdoor pool area.
DON'T GO TO HAKKASAN! HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE!! IT'S NOT WORTH IT! WASTE OF TIME & MONEY!. I wish there was negative stars to give....  Went on 5/5/13 Cinco De Mayo to see Tiesto & the experience was Horrible from the beginning, a lot of ass hole bouncers that don't really know how to do their job right, a chubby short white bouncer was checking my ID "California's Driver's license" & he didn't "THINK" it was valid!! he tried to act all tough & smart ass in front of the ticket girls and he wanted to see another ID I didn't want to give him another ID because he didn't make any sense, he asked me to step outside & I asked him to get me his boss & then the manager let me in right away after he saw my ID  & he even asked the bouncer "what's your problem"..  . That was just the beginning, then going inside you have to go up the stairs for like 2 levels, I'm sure it's fun for everybody with a buzz specially girls with high heels, then inside the club it's a different story, the club is too small for all the advertising and DJ line up, those DJS deserve a better venue, no matter where you are you won't be able to see the DJ unless you made it to the dance floor through all the squished people, it's mostly made for bottle service tables all around the club, you can't stand anywhere to see whoever is spinning unless on the dance floor, the dance floor was super packed to the point that you can't move a muscle or dance & bouncers keep pushing people in to keep them off the bottle service tables!!  I couldn't stay on the dance floor for more than 5 mins then anywhere  I went there's a bouncer asking to keep walking, to where I didn't know, went to the second floor though it might be a better place to see Tiesto spinning from up there but it was also all surrounded with bottle service tables, also the second levels speakers weren't working!! so you only listen to the music playing on the main floor!!. . I also had a cigar they asked me to put it out saying you can't smoke cigars but you can smoke cigarrettes!! I've never seen or heard about something like that any where in the world!! Even Tiesto when he got on the stage he didn't look happy at all, probably cause he got stuck with his residency there, without really knowing what is he getting himself to... I've been to Tiesto in different Venues in Vegas & LA & hes always smiling & in a good mood, the club was way too CROWDED for anybody to enjoy I guess even Tiesto himself.. couldn't stay there more than an hour & then me & my friends left...So far nothing beats XS & Marquee...I'd never go back to Hakkasan even if it's free!! That's how bad my experience was!!
Absolutely the worst club in vegas! I wish I could give it negative stars. First off, the wait was incredibly long and strenuous. My group and I got in through a promoter who had a comped table. But the Hakassan people overbooked tables that night, so we ended up not getting a table after an hour wait. Once inside, I felt as if there was nothing special about the club. The dance floor was too crowded for life. You were constantly being pushed against another person and tiesto had not even come on yet. In fact, I left before Tiesto came on because it was too crowded, the drinks were not good and too expensive ($18 for a vodka red bull), and it just really didn't seem worth it in the end. Lastly, like every other review mentioned, there are way too many stairs. I thought Marquee was bad. I definitely will not come back to this club in the future. It is way overpriced, overhyped, and not worth the money. I think I'll stick to XS or Marquee next time
I gotta give them credit for having nice decors and lights, however, it did not exceed my expectations at all. This place is down right crowed, guest list line took forever, and bouncers were down right rude. We came here because The Light's opening day was postpone to the following  weekend. Hakkasan reminds me of Marquee, but Marquee was definitely better than this hell hole. . . Tips:. 1. Never go when deadmau5 is playing. Unless you want something mellow go for it. . 2. Come early because the line is long. 3. Go upstairs if you want to avoid the pushing and shoving. 4. Bring an extraform of identification, because the bouncers here are dicks.
the worst fucken club ever!!! the "bouncers" suck at doing their job. first of all they were extremely rude. second they said my "id" was fake!!  after showing them other id's they still said no. we asked for management and he told me "im not getting anyone for you"  this was that one fat bald light skinned bouncer. makes me not even go to mgm anymore!!!
Went last month and bought presale tickets 1 month prior. Went with some friends to celebrate a birthday and my friend got told that her ID was fake??? WTF. Got "management" involved and got the run around.  My friend bought a drink at the Centrifuge bar right next to the club entrance to show them it was real and they still didn't care?? No ID scanners, no black light?? What is this??  I though this was supposed to be a world class club. Talk about subjective as hell doormen.. . Update: It's apparent that there are lots of "fake ID" issues so I went ahead and emailed - info@angelmg.com (only email they have available) and told them about all the "fake ID" reviews (if they already don't know). If i were in operations I would not stand for this poor handling & management of not being able to identify a real or fake ID.
Cons so far, far outweigh the pros that not even free entry (which we got) and the hot DJ lineup (don't be fooled by the hot DJ lineup!) can save this place. . . If you decide to check it out (not recommended), you may find yourself wondering where Vegas is hiding the attractive people, so make sure to also make arrangements to get into XS or Marquee that night.
Owch...highly anticipated opening, but it really failed to present. The pre-paid ticket lines were longer than the guest list lines, which is already a no-no. (Guest list approximately 15-20 minutes, pre-paid about an hour wait). The lines were very hectic (two on both sides of the hallway...people had no idea where to go...especially when they were DRINK DRANK DRUNK!) and a lot of people decided to cut the line and hop in, which were overlooked by the bouncers. . . Inside...would've been nice, but the floor was dirty and sticky, and the top floor was smoky and hazy with weed and other lung-killing vapors. The DJ was HORRIBLE. Same beat over and over again...they must have forced him to play crazy nasty so Calvin Harris would be amazing. He was not bad, but I'd rather be at XS or Marquee any day. . . Oh, and on the dance floor? Drunk guys on the floor only...what girls are left are all getting hit on by creepy guys left and right or being squished around in the jam packed crowd. Don't forget that you'll get a nice shower of alcohol from everyone holding their drinks too. Oh and spit from people singing while staring into your face trying to get eye contact. Sigh. . . I prefer spacious, open air like the outside areas of most other clubs, and some space to breathe! Will NOT be coming back.... . PS: Crowd is mainly older, which is not necessarily a bad thing, but no lookers either. Bummer.
A group of girls and I visited this place for Calvin Harris last weekend during a bachelorette party and while the night started off on a fantastic note, things quickly turned sour as the night wore on. Let me break it down for you.. . Pros:. - We contacted a promoter who directed us to the manager who led us into a ladies only line. Since we had our names on the guestlist, we were quickly ushered through the line with little trouble. - We got to take the elevators up to the main floor and during the night, the very nice elevator man let us take the elevators up and down from the hip hop room (3rd floor) to the main floor (4th floor). - Upon entering the club, we were greeted warmly by many workers. - Bars in the hip hop room remained pretty empty making it easy to buy drinks quickly. . Cons:. - TINY dance floor on both the main EDM floor and hip hop floor = massive crowding, uncomfortable dancing, unwelcome sweat exchanging between strangers. - Had to arrive early in order to get in (before 10pm - which by vegas standards is practically the break of dawn). - We had one girl arriving late to the club and was originally ensured by the promoter she would be on the list and have no problems getting in.... WRONG! We paid expedited entry ($60) for our one girl and then got yelled at, cursed at and berated by the bouncers, head security and guestlist girl. I've NEVER been treated in such a manner before, especially after paying the expedited entry fee willingly.. - The main EDM floor was so incredibly packed, we couldn't see Calvin Harris when he finally came on stage around 1:30am. We ended up leaving since there was nowhere to stand, nowhere to dance, and nowhere to sit.. . Bottom line: beautiful club, the little you get to see of it. If you come early and are a group of only girls, entrance is easy but don't expect hospitality or service from the people who work the entrance. Even if I had the $5k to buy a table here, I'd refuse to come back, simply because of the way they treat people here.
Horrible!!! Over crowded. Was like a laser tag cavern. Hot, loud and lame. Went to Tao the night before and had a blast. Also heard XS and marque are good too.
I came to this "new club" expecting great things. I was greatly disappointed with their staff treatment. The line to get in was an hour wait for guest list, the staff didn't know much information and was talking to the guests rudely. I actually got punched in the face by accident by a staff member and ignored it and kept moving, I got pulled aside and yelled at by the staff that "hit me accidentally" I was appalled by his statement of me running into his hand and kept moving not wanting any drama and wanting to leave as soon as possible.  I would not recommend this club to anyone, Marquee is still the best club I've been to in Vegas. Don't waste your time with Hakkasan. If I could give this place zero stars I would.
Alright Ill start by prefacing this with the fact that I have been going to clubs for a very long time and this includes a great deal of Vegas clubs.  I don't buy tables so you are getting the "average citizen" experience review:. . Summary: This place is HORRIBLE on every level except the music and lights.. . First of all they LET WAY TOO MANY PEOPLE IN, and I am going by vegas standards.  YOU CANNOT MOVE after 12.  There are two dance floors or maybe I should call them "stand floors."  I mean most clubs get overcrowded but this one takes the cake.. . Second of all the bouncers are THE WORST.  I mean they won't even let you stand in one place if its ANYWHERE NEAR a walkway.  Did I mention that everything is a walkway if its not a dance floor?  So where am I supposed to go? That pool of people on the dance floor where I will get trapped forever?  Oh wait, I can't because the bouncer already blocked the main entrance to the floor. . . because its too crowded . . . So I guess I have to just constantly scoot around shoulder to shoulder with hundreds of people.  . . Third, this venue is way overpriced for how small and maze-like it is, marquee and XS are so much more open and there are actually places to chill and relax, talk, or dance at those other venues.. . Only consolation is that music,  lights and special effects are good but nothing special compared to the other big clubs in vegas.  . . . . . My advice, avoid this overblown attempt at making money in a small standing cave that they call a nightclub.
Horrible experience here.. I believe there is a problem with the MGM managment (or whoever manages both Hakkasan and their dayclub counterpart Wet Republic) because me and my friends were here on Cinco De Mayo weekend and had a Horrible experience with the Bouncers at both clubs.. . Wet Republic:. Line for the girls (we had 8 girls on the guestlist) was over 2 hours.. Line for the guys (3 guys who bought presale tickets) was over 1 hour.. Bouncer tried to kick two of the girls out of line for being 'drunk' when in reality everybody was f-ing sobered up by then cus we were already in line over 2 hours.. . Enough about Wet Republic since this a review of Hakkasan.. . Hakkasan:. WORST BOuncers EVER.. To be fair we didnt even go inside Hakkasan so i cant say for the club itself, but the REASON we didnt get in is cus of the doucehbag Bouncers.. Generally unpleasant attitude, unhelpful, and they seem to want to just ruin your night as their primary goal.. . This one douchebag bouncer would not let one of the girls in our group in for what he thought was a'fake ID'. This retard clearly doesnt have a brain to process the images his eyes are seeing because she is CLEARLY the person on her ID, the licesnse was Clearly NOT FAKE, she is 26 years old, and weve been to vegas countless of times and have had no problems at all. . . The guys were on the guestlist and yet STILL were required to pay $100!!!! just to get in.. ARE U kidding me, presale tickets are $75 and u charge $100 for a GUESTLIST price? Retarded.. . We decided to just bounce and party elsewhere instead of getting ripped off by Hakkasan and their retarded bouncers.. . Go Fu*k yourself Hakkasan Management because were not coming back here again. GOnna try LIGHT nightclub next time that sounds legitt.
So I backslid into HK (sounded way dirtier than I planned on) because friends were in town and since now you can't just shove them to the front of the lion exhibit and slink away to that back Starbucks by rain forest ( now you know the secret no line Starbucks your welcome) so on this  casino trek, they just "had" to go inside Hakkasan. Kudos HK as your siren call still works on the out of towners...so basically everyone! So as a good sport and allowing them to make their own judgements we ventured in , now they were very impressed at the expedited entry and politeness of the staff on entry, which so was I BUT, I did get the Vegas nod and man hug/back pat from a host so thats the reason behind the quick in. The line and wait seemed pretty gruesome. For the most part my friends are some how interlinked in the business from financial club/hotel guys which were present to now retired trophy wife -ex-cocktail server (didn't mean to out you, just point of reference for the folks at home), the jokes began quickly...why does the elevator look like a tanning bed?, this place is huge but why does it look like the death star? trophy wife in mega heels misses a step bangs into the sharp/limestone looking steps, small cut, profanities fly she turns into a Gila monster and this club has now become her worst enemy ( we are in minute 16) "Why are there no good looking dudes?" , your married..."So??", "Mores steps just F!@K me now and save me the pain!!" "How can you have 5 rooms one worse than the other!" "No wonder this is a sausage fest what girl wants to come in here! I have an ipod who plays Calvin Harris at the hotel" ... as the pressure began to build into hakkasan and more bodies and more asian guys began to shuffle in front of her we had to remove her from the area and once again slid out of HK without insulting industry folks and feeling like I needed a shower from manhandling and being manhandled by the sworm of dudes lingering out of the side bar. Music was still pretty on point I must say hence the 1 star for music and entry, technically I should give you another since this time its didnt cost me and the kids 3.5k....But I had to hear Trophy rant and rave for an hour after in the car and lobby bar so i had to take it off, sorry i dont make the rules. Keep your chin up HK somewhere there is an Asian kid working in front of his bathroom mirror on the perfect shuffle dying to come show you his moves!
THE. WORST. NIGHTCLUB. EVER!!. . WARNING:::  40% GRATUITY  M-A-N-D-A-T-O-R-Y!!!!  Served to you by broke ass cocktail bitches. Probably rejects who couldn't even get a job at the Imperial Palace.. .   They kick you out of your booth when you're done drinking, unless you continue to order more and more bottles. The staff also helps you deplete your bottles by routinely coming by, pouring your drinks, and then coming by to collect the glasses even though they're still full.  The whole time I was here, I felt so untrusting.. like I had to watch my back at all times.. . . I would have rather blown it all at the tables.  It would have been more fun betting it all on one hand than to party all night at a shit-hole place like this.  At least I would have drank for free, and had my room comped..... . I hated this place, what a huge disappointment, unless you're a fan of climbing stairs.  The dance floor was super tiny, maze-like interior.  However I do have to concur with another reviewer.  This would make a super awesome laser tag arena, with a boss level on the top floor.. . They should close down this nightclub, so the DJ's can go back to playing at real venues like XS or Marquee.  . . Hakkasan anyone??  NO THANK YOU.
HOLY CRAP  I don't write reviews at ALL, but if I can give ZERO stars I would. . I was very excited to see this new club in Vegas when we went for the long weekend (I went memorial day weekend Saturday night) with a few friends. First off, they almost didn't let me in because I bought my ticket off of my friend's sister who couldn't make it. I had the confirmation email with my name on it. The girl checking me in rolled her eyes, stared at me dead in the face and said--with a terrible attitude I might add, all she needed was to move her neck from side to side and I was about to take off my hoops and throw down--"HOW DO I KNOW YOU DIDN'T HACK INTO THAT EMAIL TO GET INTO THE CLUB". . UMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM BIATCH please. I'm sorry to break it to you honey, but your club ain't important enough for me to be learnin how to hack into people's email just for a fuckin $40 ticket okay. BETCH IT AIN'T DAT SERRRIOUS.. . So I went and complained to another girl who finally let me in. Then when they started checking IDs, they wouldn't let one of my friends in because they said he didn't look like his ID. The guy is almost 30! We asked 5 other securities if he looked like him (including cops by the way) and they all said he just looked darker in the picture. When my friends tried to reason with them, they just turned around, COMPLETELY ignored them, and started talking to eachother.. . WHO RAISED YOU BOY!?!? Show some respect! . . You know, we get drunk, and we can get drunk ANYWHERE. We can see that DJ ANYWHERE. The only thing that separates one club from another, is the atmosphere and the service so F**** THIS CLUB.. . So the next night. We dropped money at the Wynn and bought bottle service there. Way to go Steve Wynn. . . . SUCK ON THAT HAKKASAN! YOU CAN KEEP MY $40 AND BUY YOURSELF AN ATTITUDE ADJUSTMENT.
I have never been more disappointed and felt more disrespected at a venue until this Memorial Day weekend (Saturday) trying to get into Hakkasan.  The staff we've encountered were unprofessional and carried this attitude as if they were better than anyone.  Two things happened this night that has left such a bad lasting impression that I will probably never set foot there again and spend a dime there and that is all because of the staff.. . First incident - We all bought presale tickets.  My sister wasn't able to go so my friend bought the ticket off her and had the email confirmation printed out.  The girl who was checking tickets accused my friend of hacking into the account to get my sister's ticket.  Seriously?  Who says that?  We had the confirmation with my friend's name transferred on there and it clearly matches her ID and the girl was being so rude we talked to another girl who noticed the situation and basically told us to not mind that girl and took one look at the ticket and let my friend in without question.. . Second Incident - The "head of security", I believe his name is "Chris", checked my boyfriend's ID and took one look and said "that's not you, you can't go in."  My boyfriend is turning 30 this year.  Yes, his ID picture was taken in high school and he looks darker and a bit skinnier in his ID but his face structure and everything looks just like him.  We tell the security that we can tell you the information on the ID and even showed other credit cards with my boyfriend's name on it and the guy simply responded "I can take someone's ID and remember their information in 10 minutes too."  We told him we wanted to escalate to the manager and he said he is the manager, which is complete bull because no manager would have let this happen.  He wouldn't even give him a chance so we went and asked 5 other security guards if the ID looks like him and all agreed.  We went back to the "head of security" and said we just asked 5 other people that works here and they all said it looks like him--why are YOU the only one giving us a hard time?  And he said "because it's not him in the ID."  Are you kidding me?  Who do you think you are?  We were so shocked and upset that we didn't even want to go in anymore so we asked for a refund.  He would not give us a refund and said we had to get it online which is also complete bull and then completely turned his head and started chatting with his friend as if we didn't exist.. . Absolutely terrible.  I'm in awe.  As upset as I am though, I do not wish Hakkasan failure--I hope management reads this review so they realize their staff is mistreating customers with utmost disrespect and belittling them and train their staff to be more professional and respectful.  Try getting some tips from Surrender because that's where we went the following night and honest to God, have never been more impressed with their level of customer service.
$9 bottle of water.  Enough said.. . This place is way overpriced, too crowded, and not worth the long wait to get in.
If you're gay, even if you want to see a resident DJ, stay away. My partner and I went to see Calvin Harris over Memorial Day weekend and yes, I was a little tipsy and wanted to dance with my partner, also male. The bouncers were hovering over us as if to harass us or scare us away and did this with numerous gay couples or parties that were in attendance. They would push us aside to let the ladies pass through, but would keep us as close to the barriers as possible. Also, the layout is just horrible. They have three levels of booths meant for bottle service that are blocked off and RARELY being used and you cannot stand near or, again, the bouncers get involved, even if you're simply waiting in line to get a drink (well drinks, even if it is Grey Goose, start at $18, so be prepared to pay a pretty penny while there; I suggest going to Centrifuge, first, and pre-drink for half the cost, but don't show yourself tipsy in line or they'll kick you out for an hour and tell you to sober up before letting you back in; yes, I witnessed this). Overall, not pleased with this experience and could not believe the lack of tolerance. Girl on girl dancing is perfectly acceptable, of course, but to pay $100/ticket in advance to see a world-class DJ spin and to be treated in such a way, is just piss-poor and I hope they learn that this is unacceptable. Additionally, remove the first level of booths that go right up to the dance floor, taking up valuable space when the booths aren't even being used (too expensive, I assume). When we left around 2am, we counted all of three booths out of at least 50+ that were being used. Waste ... of ... space, time and money.
The customer service here is appalling.  I purchased presale tickets and experienced the most pretentious and demeaning treatment I personally have ever endured trying to enter any nightclub.  Shae, the employee in charge of the presale line, acted completely and utterly annoyed that she had to allow my party into the venue.  When I was trying to show her the digital copy of my tickets she rolled her eyes and treated me like I was some moron and not a paying customer.  (FYI Shae, I may not be as tech savy as you are but I do actually have a Masters degree and a good paying professional career, so I'm probably not as dumb as you think).  In Vegas there are many equivalent options such as Marquee, XS, Haze to spend my hard earned money.  Oh, and Shae would be fired at many businesses for the terrible service and attitude.
Utterly disappointing.. . Will keep this somewhat short/sweet.  Pros/Cons are probably the same as everyone else that didn't love it.  I'm shocked that anyone gave it 4 or 5 stars, especially since they really had nothing incredible to say.  . . PROS:. - Calvin Harris on 6/8.. - I used the elevator.  I really don't understand all of the complaints about stairs.  . - People were genuinely nice.  Table minimums that night started at $6K, so the guys at tables had to buy ridiculous amounts of alcohol to meet it.  At those minimums, everyone was very happy to share since that buys you a LOT of booze.. - That's all.  Seriously.  Sooooooo underimpressed.  . . CONS:. - This is an ugly venue.  Seriously.  When you have clubs out there like XS, Tryst, Surrender that are visually gorgeous and have outdoor areas (Steve Wynn, you are an effing genius), why would you create a boring, giant box of a nightclub?  Atmosphere is terrible, and it looks like it's been there forever.  Nothing modern about it.  The creators should honestly be embarrassed.  Also, lots of little ramps/ledges throughout.  Terrible (and unsafe!) for girls in 5 inch heels.  Watch your step ladies.. - Promoters and staff at the door are awful.  As a girl, I've never had to wait.  Or pay.  At Marquee, XS, or any of the premium clubs.  By 10pm, the so called guest list line was out the door.  We didn't need to pay cover, and moved through the line at a decent clip for awhile, but reached classic "at capacity" 3 or 4 groups ahead of us.  For well over 30+ minutes.  We heard one of the girls in the group at the front ask how much longer the wait would be with no attitude.  The bouncer's first reply was "Most people would kill to be standing where you are."  Not cool dude.  Your attitude, in addition to your greasy ponytail, needs a makeover.. - Water situation - it really is nonexistent.  We managed to get a barback to sneak us some tap water while we were at the bar doing a round of shots.  Bartender was really nice, but didn't budge on the no water policy.  I highly doubt that they are counting on making profits as a result of water sales, so this is just bad service.. . I cannot believe that they are positioning this as the hot new spot and that it's working so far.  If they didn't have the DJs that they have this year, this club would be a flop.  XS and Marquee are still much better options.  Don't waste your time on this one.  Go somewhere with a beautiful atmosphere that still brings in awesome talent.
0 stars, if possible.. . That pretty much describes my experience here over the weekend for my friend's Bachelorette. . . Gueslist useless= promoters worthless. We were in line from 9:30-1:30. Girls had their shoes off in line since everyone had to stand for 4 hrs. What a joke!. . Walked in and left within 15 mins. Felt claustrophobic inside with no ventilation like you were in a smoke filled cave and there was no way out. 5 floors but it got smaller and smaller as you walked up/down.. . Overrated.
So many people, including promoters, told me it wasn't worth it. Didn't listen, shame on me.. . Arrived at 10:00, and the line extended all the way outside the door. At about 11:30pm, we wasn't sure if we were going to make it, so we asked one of the guys ushering and yelling at the ladies (yes, 95% ladies) to stand in single filed lines how long they estimated the wait would be. I had a promoter that could've gotten us into other places - Light, XS, Tryst, Marquee - for free if the Hakkasan line was too long, BUT I had to tell him before 12:30pm. The guy told us 45 minutes, so we were like, oh, okay, that's not too bad.. . We freaking waited for 3 hrs. Apparently, the issue was because the club was at maximum capacity, sine they tried to fit about 4000 - 6000 people into the club. Alright, I guess if the club is amazingly gorgeous, it would've been worth the wait, but when I went in, my first thought was "... really?". . SO many stairs, why the heck are there so many stairs even on the dance floor??? Absolutely nowhere to sit at all, we couldn't even go to the front to see Calvin Harris because they had tables there and they were blocked off for the rich and mighty. And after a 3 hr wait, our feet were killing us so badly we couldn't even enjoy the music and left after an hr. . . No, no, no no no.. . The only good thing was that some girls working there were handing out white chocolate balls with ice cream. Other than that... me sad, me miss XS, me go there next time. It would've been great to see Harris, but honestly, when I'm drunk, I can't tell whether the DJ is Harris or Boi2chainz.
Don't even bother going through guest list. We waited over 2 hours, half of that was in  the hot humid weather cause the line went out the door. We got there at 9:30 and it was obvious that we wouldn't make the guest list (Ends at midnight) but luckily we knew someone who got us in. We get in and literally could not move. It was extremely packed and hot.
The worst Vegas experience EVER!!!. . We ventured to Hakkasan this past weekend against all of the warnings we had been given by locals we know, friends who had visited, and from local bartenders, etc.  We were in and out in 30 minutes and that 30 minutes nearly ruined all of our buzzes for the entire night.. . To begin with, we were on a guest list.  Yep, so was EVERYONE else.  The line for the guest list was about 20-25 minutes long.  It appeared that the general admission line was nearly empty.  Very odd set up.  Anyway...we finally get up to the front and with the guest list we were on the girls got in free and the guys paid $40 per person (4 guys...so $160).  . . Once paid, you have to wait in another line for the elevator...or take the stairs.  Our group somehow got separated as me and my husBAND entered the elevator.  We went up and waited about 7 minutes for the others.  They came up out of breath and said they were told only the table service peeps could take the elevator and the others had to take the stairs.  Eh???  I just took the elevator and did not buy a table.  Whatevs.  We are all together now so started exploring.  . . Exploring is one giant cluster of stairs.  Dark stairs!!!  Not just a couple of stairwells, it's like a freaking rat maze of stairs located all throughout each floor.  We finally made it to the top level where we thought we wanted to be and it was so dark and so loud that we were miserable.  Oh, we finally got drinks up on this level and 1 person bought a beer and 2 waters and his tab was $28.  Another person bought 2 drinks, 2 waters, and a beer and the tab was around $50.  We decided to locate the hip hop room located on the bottom level.  MORE FREAKING STAIRS!!!  We finally made it all the way to the bottom floor and the room was insanely packed and insanely hot!  We all looked at one another and didn't even say a word.  All started heading back toward the stairs.  15 minutes passed as we tried to exit.  Freaking ridiculous!!!. . So, 25 minutes wasted in line, 30 minutes total wasted inside with about 20 of that climbing and descending stairs, and about $240 thrown away for an absolutely horrible time!!!  As we exited we noticed the entire guest list line we had waited in had been shut down...in the 30 minutes we were in there.  Eh?. . Whatevs...we texted our guy at Hyde and headed over.  Hyde was AMAZING and totally made up for the crap start thanks to Hakkasan.. . So, in summary, Hakkasan is a big fat NO!!!
Hakkasan was supposed to be the highlight of the weekend.  Came here Saturday June 15 and it was the worst experience. Megan from the guestlist line lacks professionalism and should be fired from her job.  She made us get in a 1 hour long line after I first asked her when we arrived when we first arrived to see if we are on her list otherwise we will just pay the full price ticket. She said we have to get in line before she will look to see if we are on the list.  After waiting 1 hour, we arrive to the front of her line for her to tell us that we are not on the list and we need to get in the regular line.  What a waste of time!  . . Then we get to the regular line and they charge $50 for guys and $30 for girls.  I didn't mind paying that but I wish we didn't have to wait into 2 separate lines.  When I asked the cashier and management if they knew Megan at the guestlist line, I was told that they do not know everyone by name.  Really?. . Most people didn't want to join me at LIGHTS where Zedd performed the day before but LIGHTS at Mandalay bay is hands down a waaaay better club than Hakkasan.  After partying in many of the worlds top party destinations I have to say that this billionaire owner of Hakkasan tried too hard to make a great venue but he needs to work on the kind of people they hire first. . . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY at Hakkasan.  GO to LIGHTS or XS for a much much better experience!!!!
So sorry to have to do this but I have to give this place a 1 star. "Megan" (if that's her real name) told me I was not on the guestlist.  The problem is she just kept scrolling through the guestlist on her ipad without carefully looking for my name.  At that point I got the hint. She did not want to honor the guestlist but wanted me to go into the general admission line to pay.  She was dismissive of me.  But I realize it may not be just her. So I'm gonna go ahead and point the finger at management too.  . . After wasting all that time in the guestlist line, I decided to just get into the general admission line to pay my $50 to get in. Maybe the experience in here will turn things around.. . I get in and I am not that impressed. Looks typical. . . Here is my ranking:. . 1) XS. 2) Lights. 3) Surrender. 4) Marquee. 5) Vanity. 6) Pure. 7) Hyde. 8) XS's restroom. 9) Surrender's restroom. 10) Hakkasan. . At least Hakkasan is in the top 10! . . I have to say after going to this club, my appreciation for the others are much greater. I'm sure in time you will work these issues out Hakkasan, but it wouldn't hurt to have better personnel. Good luck to you guys. I wish you could refund my money but hey I know it's Vegas and I gambled that Hakkasan was going to be the best club ever.  Guess I lost.
This place sucked. Great DJ lineup, but that's about it. It's the most over priced piece of crap on the strip!!. Save your money and your time and head to XS or Tao.
UPDATE:  Came back again for EDC Weekend.  It's still whack LOL.
Went here on Friday night during EDC weekend, and left within an hour. I was there for my bachelorette party so it was me and 8 other girls. We were on the guest list....BIG deal, so was everyone else! Took about 30-40 minutes to get in. Probably got ID'd 3-4 times.. . As soon as we got in my friend went to order 1 drink, and $28 later we realized we were in for spending some cash. We immediately made our way to the dance floor. Cluster fu*k! You could not even move! It was more like a bunch of sardines vibrating on eachother. Everyone else we tried to go to stand we were constantly told to move. . . We left and went to Piano Bar and Coyote Ugly...MUCH better time!. . XS, Marquee and Haze are still my favorite clubs in Vegas! This club won't last, don't waste your time.
To start off; I created this yelp account to specifically write this review on hakkasan because I was so disappointed! . . I give Hakkasan one star because of my disappointing experience with Hakkasan Nightclub in Las Vegas. On Thursday, June 20th, I was placed on a guest list for Hardwell at Hakkasan during EDC weekend. I have never been to Hakkasan, and I had read mixed reviews about it, so I figured I would check out the club before purchasing bottle service. I had about 8 females and one other male with me in my group. We lined up early, just as instructed, and waited in line for entry. While waiting, a security guard was checking ID's and stamping everyone in line. The security guard stopped at my group and began checking everybody's ID's. When he checked my ID, he began to question me. I politely answered all of his questions and cooperated, so he then proceeded to stamp my wrist. About five minutes later, the security guard brought another security guard over to double check my ID. After then cooperating with the second security guard and answering all of his questions, I was handed back my ID and told to have a nice night. About 10 minutes later, ANOTHER security guard approached me asking to see my ID and started asking more questions. After answering all his questions, he asked me to step out of line. He asked to see my wrist, in which he then stamped a big VOID across it, and handed my ID back saying that he could not grant me entry as he is unable to verify if I was really the person on the ID. I reassured security that the ID was mine and even showed him a debit card and my players card from Harrah's as a second form of ID, but I was told to leave so I did so without causing a scene as I was very embarrassed. I called the promoter who put me on his list and he instructed me to call the police and have them verify my ID at the door, but that just seemed like too much work as it was getting late and I was ready to visit a club. I am a frequent Vegas club goer and not once have I had this issue at any nightclub including XS, Marquee, Tao, Surrender, 1Oak, or Pure. The photo on my ID is a few years old, but clearly obvious that it is me. I then left the casino, called my group, and we headed to Surrender to see Dirty South where I then purchased bottle service from a VIP Host that I know, and had the night of my life. With this being said, I am very disappointed with the staff at Hakkasan nightclub, as are many other people by the looks of their reviews on yelp, and I will not be returning to this establishment. I will be taking my business elsewhere to clubs such as XS, Surrender, and Marquee who have been in the game longer, and know what they are doing.
Please don't contact me purposely offering me VIP concierges to make up for my bad experience. That stuff just makes it worse. Why are you trying to offer me bottle service rather than apologizing, hakkasan? -1 star.
This was probably one of my worst clubbing experiences.. . I was here last weekend and tried to go clubbing at Hakkasan. We had previously contacted a promoter and was supposedly put on the guest list. We arrived around 10:30 and the line was out the building. The bouncers kept telling us that the general admission line was the same line as guest list line, and later the line became guest list line only. Whenever we asked about the lines or how long the wait is we received different answers every time. By the time we got to the front it was already 2:30am and we have been waiting for 4 hours. When we were finally let in, the club wanted to charge us $60 for girls and $125 for guys even though the club closes at 4am and we would only be in there for less than 2hrs. When we tried to tell her we were on the guest list she told us the guest list closes at midnight. It was just ridiculous so we ended up just leaving. . . Definitely don't go there if the line is out the door and if there's a popular DJ. Most likely if the line isn't moving steadily and you don't get in within 2hrs it's not gonna beworth the time. You probably won't get much time in the club and will get charged a ridiculous amount for it.
I came with a group of 12 girls, me being the only guy. The promoter said he could walk the girls in but I had to wait in line. So in a revival of chivalry, I said no prob I'd just wait in line by myself and the girls should go in first. Figured it'd be maybe 1 hour tops before I could join them. We got here at 9. It's 12:15 and I'm still in line, stuck at about 15 people from the front for the last hour. In the meantime, the girls are inside and say it's still pretty empty. There are maybe a few hundred pple behind me in line. Oh yeah, and it's $125 to get in.. . You guys really need to manage your line better and at least provide updates to the folks waiting in line so we know what our status is. If I had known this was going to happen I would've gone somewhere else and we all could've come out ahead. Instead, you've created a customer who will not only never return, but will convince everybody else not to. Worth it?
Saturday, Deadmau5. . Here are my observations:. . - Extremely hard to walk inside, there was too many people;. - To see the DJ, you better have a table that will cost you at least 3500 dollars;. - 21 dollars for a drink;. - If you are a women,  and can't walk on high hills for all night, forget it (there is no place to seat, unless you have a table);. . Next time we will go to the XS, older place, but 20 times better.
Well I can start by saying that I love the dj line up, I love the layout, hate the stairs. over all experience for being such a big club, I think it's ran ok. for the most part  except for the servers and door security.  the girls act as if we owe them they almost tell you we have to tip them. bartenders are awesome.   this is the fourth time I go, for the most part I enterthrough their table area, but this time I had to go in through the guest list line. I gotta start by saying that I hate the ID checker they have on that side. Im not going to say he's rude, takes his job to serious, very funny guy but no leniency... the first time I had to go buy new shoes because he wouldn't let me in with 160$ pair of air max's. the second and third time I had an expired ID (mind im 33) my girlfriend didn't have hers  and her friends was expired both (37yrs old)  and  he wouldn't let us in, so both times I went to table side met 2 awesome id checkers who let us in with a couple bucks. no standing in long line. I've sent friends over to them and everything smooth. hawaiians are the best hahaa...  last night I figured I'd try and go to guest list line again thinking he'd probably let me in now because he know's who i am by now. once again. he didnt let me, he needs to lay off a bit.. not even a $100 bribe haha (considering they cant take tips). walked over to table side, and I saved $50 (YESS)  for the most part all security is awesome except that BIG guy on that side. the asian girl  with long hair is a well made bitch. dont know what she's doing. most of the time she's just standing around doing nothing looking around. she yelled at me and my girlfriend because of our id's. ..  xs is the place to be, security there are anal but money makes them dance lol.... I really think this is the last time I go to hakkasan.
The WORST club in the whole wide world! While I was in line, the bouncer splashed some kind of disgusting liquid all over me and did not proceed to apologize at all. Then they proceed to kick me out of line when I did nothing wrong, I was trying to find my sister inside cause it was her birthday and they ruined it by not letting me in at all. Hakkasan is the rudest club I have ever come across and no one should ever ever ever come. It will never be worth your money or your time.
Guest list is "everyone list" , girls only line is on the opposite side of guest list & still takes forever. The staff is beyond douchey. Saw this girl slip a $50 to a guy to let her skip the line, he took it & made her wait. This place, not fun. Save your time and money and Skip it!
I now use the word "Hakkasan" as a adjective when describing douche bag events.  Like for example, if someone cut you off in line, you'd say, "Don't be such a Hakkasan, asshole!". . Now let me begin my night.  Stood in line for 2 hours.  During this crappy wait, they opened another line, for people who were stupidly willing to pay double the cover charge. Hakkasan!  So happy I didn't.  Granted I made friends with a cool dude from L.A., I ended up taking my heels off while in line.  By the time we got into our rat cage of a club, I was really over it.  Had to climb stairs, that you'd find in any building in the emergency stairwell.  Except, these are all black, dimly lit for your falling pleasure.. . Ladies (and some men), wearing heels isn't the smartest idea.  Unless you are willing to fork over $3k for some VIP tables, your ass is standing up the whole night.  There's nowhere for you to sit down.  Due to waiting in line so long, I was thirsty, and not in the drunken whore kind of way, like I want H2O.  The bartender serves us water in a half glass, filled with ice to the brim, for get this $5.  It's tap water!!!!!!!!!  Hakkasan!. . The club, didn't really get to enjoy it much, because by the time we paid our cover, this place should not have allowed for us to enter.  It was packed beyond capacity.  People almost walking all over each other.  I was afraid of dying in the hallways where the elevators are located.  You can't walk, you are pushed and it's scary being in heels and dehydrated.  Those Hakkasan clubbers don't care, they just want their beats while on E.  The main room is super awesome to the eye, but I just couldn't get a chance to enjoy it's glory.  Over packed to the brim.  . . This club is too much, if you have the stamina, best of luck to you.  As for me, never again!  Hakkasan!
This place is full of deutche bags and the bouncers are horrible. One of them pushed my girlfriend then threatened to stick his finger up her p**sy! Never, ever, ever again!!!
Polite workers at a LV club. I never ever thought that would happen, but Hakkasan has done it. CRAZY.. . SUMMARY: . Had to try this place due to hype but I wouldn't rush to come back here. Its made for people who have money to spend on tables, the tables have security, walls, and great views of the show. The rest of the people are left milling about with no where to sit, no where to lean,  hoping to catch a glimpse of the headliner. The air flow is horrid, and the drinks are expensive. I'd rather go to XS.. . GOOD:. Bought presale tickets, no problems in ilne, there was no line. Friends got in free later that evening. I heard it was slow in LV with only Tiesto being a headliner.. . The service is GREAT. WTF right? "Welcome to Hakkasan, have a fun night!" was twice said to me. I asked where the restroom was and they kindly explained where to go instead of shining a flash light in the general direction. When faced with a crowded hallway no flashlight was shined in my face. How refreshing! . . Hip hop room. Had a few famous people, good music, 2 bars with few lines. . . BAD: . $19 shot, its a shot. Woo.. . $9 water, no tap water will be sold to you. I did get a cup of ice once though. . . $15 mixed drink that even I, a person who drinks once in a blue moon, thought it was a weak drink. More like coke and cranberry juice. . . No where to sit or lean for a girl in heels, dance floor is crowded as usual.. . It is SO DARK and there are stairs. Bad mix.. . Bathroom is too dark. It is almost scary!
Bs service. They discriminate . Very rude workers that take their job too serious . They don't let gay people in
Let me preface this with the crucial fact that I have not yet been to Hakkasan. But let me follow with two words that explain this 1 star rating: customer service. . . Everyone working in this industry should know and value the importance of customer service, especially in Las Vegas. People travel from all parts of the world to enjoy an extravagant weekend in the one&only Sin City. So to be mistreated, disrespected, and borderline harassed before even starting a vacation is unacceptable. . . Let me explain. . . I go to Vegas a lot. And I know a wonderful promoter who always hooks it up. She doesn't work for Hakkasan, so we went through a different promoter that my friend got the number for. Dan. He told us that our guys would have to pay - and that's fine. We understood, but didn't want to go to Hakkasan and pay over going to XS for free. . . The text my friend sent was incredibly polite: . . "hi sorry I think we're gonna pass cause we can get the guys into the other clubs for free. thanks anyway tho! I'll text you in the future :)". . Among other things, he responded with this:. . "Ur gonna favor free & have an experience prob bad because we dominate sundays vs. having time of your life which is ur coming to Vegas." . . "whoever u talking to is miss leading you" because XS charging is "commonly known". . and repeatedly said that Hakkasan was the #1 club in the country. . . 1) No need to put down other clubs or the fact that our guys don't want to pay. 2) Don't tell us we won't have fun unless we come to your club. 3) It's not all about being voted number 1 by a magazine, it's about customer service and relations and in the few months that Hakkasan has been open, they can't even beat a subpar tier 3 Vegas club on Yelp - that's probably due to poor customer service.. . If this club expects to compete with XS, Marquee, & Surrender once the hype has died down, they should reevaluate how they treat potential guests at their club. . . I still plan on going to Hakkasan and I do look forward to seeing what all the hype is about. I believe that the owner of the club and those working have put a lot of hard work into making a new and exciting atmosphere for EDM lovers. But until I see for myself, my only impression of the club is through our interactions with the club's promoter - whose role is to represent and "promote" the club. Instead, his aggressive assertion of Hakkasan's superiority to all other clubs in Vegas and condescending response at our polite refusal of his offer left a bad taste in my mouth.
This place sucked. It was hyped up so much. went there on a Sunday and the place I guess has five floors, but only two were open. the DJ SUCKED! The drinks were out rages. have to admit the layout was tight. But I would only ever go to this place if there was an amazing headliner like Calvin Harris. other than that never again. I ended up going to an outside club by harras and the DJ there was killing it compared to this guy. and no cover. I would recommend XS, ONE OAK over this place any day. felt horrible for the huge line of people outside at hakassan. they had no Idea what they were waiting for.
I contacted two promoters before even coming here to get a booth for me and 9 gfs.  They both said it would be 1k specifically for a bottle of goose & Hennessy. We get to the table reservation line and Kevin the promoter was the biggest jerk I ever worked or come across in all my years of clubbing.  Omg, he didn't know we were on his list and was being plain rude before finding out we're on his list of table reservations.  So far, I'm already irritated.  Don't treat the people who are the reason you have a job like that whether you "think" they're on your list or not. Told us to be there at 10 & we didn't get in til past 11. . . The gentlemen who walked us in was nice but informed it was $1075 for both the bottles.  Ok, $75 more than we spoke to the promoters about. No big deal on the price difference but a big deal on the principle.  . . After we get seated, hostess brings out two bottles, Fiji water and redbull with my $1800+ bill. WTF??? At this point, I'm ready to bounce.  She explained they don't have anything but Hennessy black. Once again, trickery.  Long story short, she brought out regular Hennessy, took away waters and redbull, never brought me back my receipt or credit card after I signed like she said she would.. . I "heard" whoever opened hakkasan did it to provide guests with great service, mark my words, I won't be back.  The ambiance was alright and if we didn't have a booth we would've left because it was way over crowded. . . Called hotel & club the following day to be put on hold and repeat my personal info a few times to have no luck or apology for losing my card.  So annoying to spend $1600+ and be treated like shit.  So overrated, had so much more fun at light with free drink cards and no booth.  . . Btw, expect to be charged a service fee of 4%, plus gratuity of 18%, and taxes.
music sucked. overly crowded. wont come again. unless you like techno and smelling the hairy armpits of men and women you will enjoy yourself.
I think this is the only 1 star review I have given out. Sadly enough it's based on customer service/service and value. I've seen the ABSURDLY expensive bottle list packages that have been circulating on the internet (i'll upload a picture) that they seem to be proud of. The cheapest one starting at $12,000 on up to $500,000!! A half million dollars for 4 hours of impressing your friends, co-workers, and Vegas hotties with how wasteful you can be. The second thing I'm rating them on is service. I showed up to check out this hot new club with a group of 11 friends, 7 girls, 4 guys. First they required a $10,000 bottle service to let us in, then after over an hour of waiting they and it was getting closer to 1 am, they came down to just cover at $150 per guy + $50 per girl, + $300 to the door guys to pass the line. Sad thing is we could have easily afforded the $10k table if we wanted, but the way they treated us and demanded it of us and acted as though we were a waste of their time. We ended up grabbing a huge limo and hitting another great club on the strip. . . I was really looking forward to checking this club out and now I could care less. One of my friends is even the General Manager and when he answered his cell, he said got no time & no tables then hung up on me. I guess I'm not A list famous enough to warrant their time. Sad day for Angel Mgt group!!! I really have supported you all around town and still enjoy your other locations.
Worst customer service I've ever experienced, all because of this snooty check-in girl and the bouncers who think they're almighty just because they work at the newest club in Vegas. . . A misunderstanding of what the guestlist rules were between the check-in lady and the promoter led my group of 4 girls to wait for 2 DAMN HOURS, and we lined up on time at 11. Promoter assured me that I could get in fine by showing the entry people his text message. I explained it to the lady but she kept repeating "No, your promoter told you wrong" and BS like "It doesn't work that way". The girls were under my boyfriend's name so we got him to come out to check in and later she said with massive attitude "No, I TOLD YOU, you can't do that". Uhh what the hell is the problem? We have everything we need and we still can't get in? Even when I have ran into bumps getting into the Vegas clubs, the workers werealways polite and showed sympathy.. but this chick must have been on her period or something. . . My promoter Lois was very nice and helpful, and rushed over to us to straighten things out. He got things fixed and told us calmly that I should have showed the girl his text, which I DID DO. Looks like she didn't even tell the whole story so she wouldn't look like a fool. She ended up having to let us in and came over with a defeated attitude to give us the comped ticket. Yeah well by this time, the club had to stop taking people in and stopped entry for over an hour. . . Thanks a lot for ruining our night, you D-list workers. That includes the guard who didn't even have the common courtesy to listen to us and walked away from us mid-sentence. I'd much rather take my business elsewhere like XS or Marquee who treat their club-goers with respect. They actually have room to dance and space to relax.
My fiancee had her phone and wallet stolen out of her purse while it was on her shoulder. Needless to say the manager was neither sympathetic nor helpful. If you want to get robbed, this is your place.
Lame. We arranged with a promoter to be on the VIP list to get in, and they wouldn't let us in because we were a group of 3 gay guys with no girls. If they don't want my money then I'll take it somewhere else.
Lame. I have been to XS and Marquee many times. Hakkasan was a complete waste of time. We arrived at 12:20 and watched hundreds of people leave. Nobody was going in. They wanted $40 to get in and refused us entry despite being on the guest list. Oh well, nobody goes to MGM anymore anyway.
Worst customer service ever! I had high hopes for this club because I have always enjoyed the customer service at MGM hotel, well the club has the worst service ever. A promoter had contacted me about getting on the guest list to see tiesto and had confirmed with me the day before that we were on the list. Cool, however after being directed into almost 5 different lines for guest list and finally getting to the front the hostesses with the iPads informed us we weren't on the list. I thought no problem because like any other club in Vegas when this happens you can just show the confirmation text right? WRONG. The girl was super rude and informed me that if I wasn't on the list there wasn't anything that she could do and we all would have to pay $50 each to get in. I tried to reason with her or ask if I could text my promoter to get her to confirm but she said if I wasn't on the list there wasn't even anything the promoter could do.  The bouncer in front was super pushy and said if we weren't going to pay we had to get out of line and pretty much pushed us out. . . I texted my promoter and she was super sweet and nice about the whole ordeal trying her hardest to get us in but she saidthey were being rude to her as well and even hung up on her. I spoke to another security guard who informed me to speak to the head promoter, a man with a super serious look on his face who I swear thought he was Bart Bass from his arrogant air and bald head. I politely told me my story and he actually said "well that's not my problem" and finally agreed to "compromise" by saying he could "help us out" by getting us to the front of the line but we would have up pay $70 each. $70?!?! What happened to $50?!? RIPP OFF!! I also find this funny cause I saw plenty non guest listers get turned away because it was "sold out" however us apparently not on the guestlist could pay their ridiculous prices to get in. What?? . . The only highlight was meeting a particularly sweet (and very cute) bouncer who was very sympathetic and not surprised at all by the treatment we got and said half the people we works with are stuck up because they work here and think they are special. Although I'm not so sure I would have wanted to go to this place anyway after hearing about tiesto's late arrival, having to climb 5 flights of stairs and the tiny dance floor. Surrender beats this club anyday!
Ok....So I just want to first start off by saying that I never write yelp reviews in fact this is only the second one I have ever written...After long anticipation I finally had to check and see what all the hype was about this club, and unfortunatley to my displeasure it turned out to be an absolute failure. There are so many wrong things about this club I dont even know where to begin....sheesh so here we go. First off when you walk in there is total darkness where not only can you not see where your'e going but there are very small narrow walkways with lots of stairs (lady's) before you actually can make it to the main floor, it's almost like a cave....Everybody is going there to hopefully see their favorite DJ...Mine is Tiesto, I have seen him perform many many times in the past 7 years...He has had only one really bad venue and that was HAZE for NYE 2010...I never dreamt any venue can ever top that horribleness....This place is by far worse...There is absolutley no where to hang out if your'e just the average guy looking to party with your friends...This club without any exaggeration is occupied by atleast 70% tables....So unless your spending ridiculous amounts of cash for a 3 hour or so show...You can't see the DJ perform at all....There are layers upon layers of tables, Not only do you have to have a table to be able to watch the show but you have to have a insane table probably spending 30k plus just to be in clear view without looking through peoples legs..lol....It's also impossible to get to the dance floor which is also much smaller than you would think....My one buddy was so nuts he hopped 2 tables just to make it through to the dance floor so he could video Tiesto...He had to fight off the GIHAD he said...haha.....Oh but wait let me take that back because there is still 30% left of the club....I would say about 20% are areas that only allow flowing traffic and main walkways, if you stop for even 30 seconds to take a peek the security is pushing you on...The last 10% is already occupied by people that aren't moving from their spots the whole night....Moving on there is NO OUTSIDE AREA...So you make this unbelievable so called club of the century with no cool outside lounge type area?...The bar areas were really tiny too...I almost feel guilty going on with this review but I just had to warn you friends out there...If your just the guy like me that pays $100 for a show please wait to see your favorite DJ at the venue you know for sure is awesome and comfortable for you....Obviously if your a baller that has unlimited funds you can just laugh this review off ....I will guarantee you though that this venue is absolutley toast by next summer so hope they get their cash now which im sure they are for what people are paying for their tables...
REALLY?!?! . This is the MGM GRAND! This is the Head Honcho of all Hotel/Casinos and this is the club they come up with? . . CONS (should be first):. THERE IS NO "WOW!" FACTORHERE. The design layout is poor. . Stairs? . Way too dark! Bathroom is even darker. . (I don't wanna know what this place looks like when the lights go on.). The sound system was specifically directed towards the center floor. . Having to look up at the show for 15 minutes per hour. . Hip hop room was too small and felt like a labyrinth to get through. . Drinks are way over priced. XS doesn't even charge $16 for a simple drink! Vodka & water. $16??? Really?!?! . Was too pricey to get in. Paid $100!!! . $50 to walk in, $50 more to cut the line. Didn't realize that when I was the only guy w/ 13 other girls. Thankfully the girls chipped in and paid $60 for me. . I got bored. . . PROS: . Cool light show if you're on one. . Major headliners performing. Everyone dresses to the tea since its new right now. I hate seeing "that guy" wearing chucks. Really? Wear big bro's clothes! . The Sound System was pretty cool. I like it when my body can rumble with the bass. . The top floor was nice to over see the dance floor and ppl watch. . The staff is super friendly . . Overall I would not go back. I would not Pass Go. I'd rather go to Jail. MGM is only good for Wet Republic right now which is making a come back. I choose Wet over Beach Club just for the craziness.
WAY WAY WAY too crowded, lame layout, a hassle getting in, employees with attitude on power trips, expensive drinks even for Vegas, plus a TON of people got their phones and wallets stolen out of their purses (while they were holding them on the dance floor!) the night I was there and I see from other reviews that it wasn't an isolated incident! Too bad because I'm a fan of several of the DJs that are currently residents there. . . I won't be going back and I suggest you stay away as well.
Dear Calvin Harris,. . I had an AMAZING time at Hakkasan this past weekend, especially when you were on the decks, but many of my friends did not because their cell phones and wallets were stolen right out of their purses while they were on the dance floor. Could you please speak to Hakkasan management and urge them to increase security or safety for their patrons so that cell phone theft rings don't attack good people just out trying to have a good time?  . . I don't have an exact number but I spoke to at least 20 girls who were pick-pocketed this past Saturday night (6 of which were in my group of friends) and many lost such valuables as their cell phones and wallets (including their IDs), which means their Vegas hopes and dreams were pretty much sunk as soon as they were ROBBED under the watch of Hakkasan Management.. . Anyways, I know this is a shot in the dark and you may never even read this, but in the off chance that you do PLEASE bring this to the attention of Hakkasan management so that this type of thing doesn't happen again. I just don't want these thieves running around Las Vegas ruining anyone's good time. . . Thanks for listening and keep making beautiful music...YOU ARE THE MAN!. . Love,. Mike
Ladiessssssss....hold tight to those purses!. . If you're a woman standing on the dance floor with a purse, you're a target. There's some kind of crime ring happening that can ruin an entire Vegas trip if they get their hands on too many personal items. They appear to be pick pocketing cell phones and if they can wiggle a wallet out while they're at it, game on. A handful of girls in our group noticed their cell phones were missing about an hour into the night and once those of us that still had ours started flashing the ground to see if we could find them, ladies dancing around us jumped in announcing that their cell phones had been swiped, too.. . Sadly Hakkasan's security guys couldn't do anything about it, because their job is to keep the fire lanes clear and keep bottle service VIPs away from the commoners. It's a shame because if they had just put a few more security guards on the dance floor after the many complaints we sent their way about the situation, some people could have been safe from the thievery.. . Losing your phone or ID on a Vegas weekend is probably one of the worst scenarios you can think of because your whole life is put on hold and you have to jump through hoops (while on vacation) to get everything back in order.. . Props to securing kick ass DJs and the unlimited confetti budget, but there's a serious issue taking place under Hakkasan's roof that needs to be addressed. And fast.
This club doesn't even deserve one star!!  The reviews on here are all accurate.  . . We were contacted via Instagram by a promoter and got put on the guest list.  We arrived and spoke to a security person the directed us to a line. Once in line we were approached by another security person and asked if we were on the guest list, we responded yes so he pulled us out of line and redirected us.  We arrived at our new line only to be told to go back to the other line??  What??  We explain the situation and are told " find the uh that pulled you out and he can put you back in your spot". We find the guy and guess what he says he can't " cut" the line.  We left and went to Haze and had an amazing time.  .  . Unless your ready to stand in line for hours and be treated rudely by staff that don't know what they're doing avoid this club!!!!
Too many ppl so little space....it was really disgusting and the ppl were low class disrespectful did not enjoy it at all and I don't see this club staying open for a long time....only reason came here was for Calvin Harris
came for a calvin harris night with presale tickets ($75+fees from online).. this place lacks an outside area where you can chill and talk. wasn't worth the hype.
I have never given a club I haven't stepped into a poor rating. It's just not something I really see the point of. But it's the principle of the matter, so I'll make the exception right now. Rewind, it's my friends 25th. We're from the east coast. We go at around 9. Mind you, that's early because in NYC and NC where we're from you go out at 12 EARLIEST. We wait on this line that seems to have been like 500 people deep and stretches throughout the MGM Grand hotel. It's now two hours later, closer to the front but not yet there. Bouncer checks IDs. No one is mentioning cover or anything. We get to the front and we're told $150 pp for just a cover to get in. We look waiting for Ashton to come out along with his punk'd camera crew. Since, you know, that's insane/ ridiculous. Nope. They were serious. . . So let me get this straight Hakkasan. You tell people to get there before 10 for free cover, hold the lines to make them long and DON'T let them in before that time. Then charge a high price? Good riddens. No. . . In hindsight, this was the month they opened so they were probably riding the "I'm the new hotspot in vegas wave". We were still annoyed and did NOT go inside. Tell people the cover before they wait hours on the line. Give them a choice. Would never return. I prefer hip hop anyway so 1OAK may be an option next time.
HAKKASUX with a big fat... SUCKS! - hehe i came up with that "hakkasux" thing when i was pretty... gone that night so.... i'm kind of proud of that :O) . . apparently I harassed the bouncer... just a teeeeeensy bit that night... . . "excuse me, what's your name again? i'll have you know that I'm an elite yelper" - alright so i fibbed a little bit but hey... i was once an elite and i plan on applying again for the new year ;) anyways, i told the bouncer I'd be sure to write up a review for this club and no no...it wasn't gonna be pretty. . . don't mess... with an active yelper. ohkay?! . . important stuff: . - just don't go here. . - go to light. go to xs. go surrender. anywhere... ANYWHERE else but here. . - bouncers are constantly trying to kick people out -__- so have fun, but put that sober face on when one of those buzz killers walk by. . - bouncers at the door are stupid. don't waste your flirting energy on them.. - hold on to your belongings, apparently it's a normal thing for people to get their stuff stolen from their pockets, purses, etc.. one occurrence is just bad luck but it sounds like others experienced similar happenings at this club... soooo, yeah... SHADY much??! . - the main DJ's come on around 1am and after... making us girls have to arrive before 10:30pm for a phoney "guest list" line and the making us pay $30... can you please tell me WHO the heck wants to wait until 1am for some DJ to come on, when guys here are having to pay 80+ a person and girls are having to pay... any money, period for this shiz. -_- you'd think these DJ's could actually work for the money they're getting paid.... . so here's how it went down. it's Labor Day weekend and sweeeeet, girlfriend got us onto guestlist for free! ........NOT!  don't fall for their "guestlist" shiz. it's a total scam. they tell you you're on guestlist, u wait in a long line, and then last minute at the door they tell you there's no guestlist for that night and cover is $30. excuseeeeeeme?! i don't mind paying a cover, honestly i was pretty surprised to hear there wasn't a cover for that weekend. low and behold, they pull one of their dirty little tricks and i had to waste $30 for a night at this lame club. if you're going to charge a cover, then let us know straight out. shady business = me writing a really bad review for your club and then telling all of my friends and friends of friends to never come party here. . . and like i mentioned above, a friend of ours got his wallet stolen while on the dance floor... we thought it might have just been bad luck for him, but after reading other reviews...sounds like this is something that happens quite often at this club... interesting...... . . honestly i'm not a huge fan of edm, i miss the old hip hop clubbing days... so i basically only go to vegas clubs when my friends ask me to come along... with that being said, when i end up having to pay for this kind of stuff... and then end up having to wait hours for some dj person to come play some music you can't even dance to... yeah. i get kind of unhappy. and then i write up a 1 star review like this... when you see all these other elite yelpers writing up 1 star reviews... you KNOW this place ...sucks.
Overcrowded and overrated!!!. WAY too many stairs..as many other reviewers have mentioned. Very dangerous for drunk girls with heels (or even sober girls with heels) indeed. I'd go to other clubs that actually has fewer stairs so you could get around without being paranoid about tripping on the steps!!
This club has a horrible layout and most tables r not private enough. We saw kalvin Harris here and he was a horrible Dj! So sad lol but the Dj stage and dance floor r very nice. But I would say five levels and a shitload of stairs is a horrible idea when alcohol is involved :)
The "manager" (bold hair) was soooooo rude to me. I've never been treated that bad (without a reason!!). It's the worst club I've ever been to!
This past weekend, I went to Hakkasan to see Tiesto with 10 of my close friends. . . 3 of us had our phones stolen from our closed purses which were on our bodies within an hour of being in the club (along with about two dozen girls dancing near us) on the main dancefloor. We went to security to give a description of the perpetrator, but they refused to notify the guards at the door and refused to take any further action. . . I am extremely disappointed at the apathy and general disregard of what ended up being a serious crime happening to good, paying customers. I don't think I'll be going back any time soon, and I hope that people see this as a warning that the staff of the club are very unprofessional and are only there for appearances.
this club was doomed from the start. 5 level club they said! hottest club in vegas they said! the only thing hot about this club is the actual room temperature. so many people packed into 2 floors, you actually sweat just standing there. save your time and money for the day clubs.
HORRIBLE experience! My sister took me and my girlfriends here for MY BACHELORETTE party. We came early and the line was out the door. So we went to ask someone at the front if we'll still be able to go in for free and the guy said yeah as long as you're in line by 10:00pm, you'll be fine. So we happily went BACK in the long a$$ line! We were in line for 4 HOURS IN OUR HEELS!!!... thinking that we should still be able to get in. Note that by this time (2:00am) people were already leaving the lines. We stayed since it was my bachelorette party. By the time we got to the line, they told us that we had to pay. We told them what the guy told us, but then they started shooing us outside yelling REPEATEDLY "THEY DON'T WANT TO PAY, LEAVE". I've never been so embarrassed and disrespected in my life! We had a large group of girls and we certainly will never be going there again.
Rude rude doorman! Horrible experience at Hakkasan. I've never been spoken to so disrespectfully in my life. How dare they treat anyone that way. Shameful. Wouldn't recommend if last club on earth. Don't bother.
This is by far the worst experience I had at a club in Vegas. We booked a $5,000 minimum table and the Hostess and the bus boy were just plain rude. Not only that the type of people who go there are ghetto and obnoxious.  . . Presale tickets are definitely cheaper at this club and there's a reason for that. It is because they are not selective in the crowd they bring in and this place is not classy at all. The girls and the crowd at this club were all ugly as hell.. . We went to XS the next day and met some Vegas locals that just came from Hakkasan. They told us "the crowd was so ghetto that we had to leave and come here." Now I only booked a cabana at XS but the service and the people were 10000000x better than hakkasan was. . . To be honest I only went to Hakkasan because I never been but if your thinking the same thing. Trust me its not worth it. Your gonna be in there packed like sardines with ugly smelly people. If you wanna fish can it then this might be the place for you but its definitely not for me.. . I also forgot to mention why I decided to actually create a yelp account to write this review.. Not only did I book that $5,000 dollar minimum table our group also got kicked out from it as well. . . Some passerby-er in the club decided to walk by and throw up in front of our table. The bus boy blamed it on our group and kicked us all out. When I asked him which one of us did you see do it he said that he didn't know but it had to be ours because it was in front of our table. No one in my group was even drunk yet and I would know if it was someone from our that threw up. It definitely was not us and the bus boy didn't even know who it was. He merely made a judgement call based on what he saw in front of the table. I gave a $500 hand shake tip in the beginning too...
I was so excited about coming here because of all the hype.. but was so disappointed. I kept getting lost because of all the different floors. And you had to take the overcrowded stairs every time you needed to go up. The elevator was only for exiting the club. It was so hard to navigate anywhere unless you stayed in one place. The bartenders were taking forever flirting with each girl customer before moving onto the next drink order. The drinks are really expensive too, cocktails around $16-$18, and a glass of champagne $22... The only good thing about this place was the decor (which reminded me of their restaurant in San Francisco), and the amount of time we waited to get in, only about 10-15 minutes considering we arrived around 11pm-12am without any promoters walking us in or special VIP/guestlist line. Another thing, my friends booked a table for the night, and you couldn't even see the stage or the dj from the table they got.
Such a disappointment.. . I really should've written this a long time ago. I went back in April when it pretty much first opened, and I was super pumped! We were able to waltz past the ridiculously long line (that literally went out the door into the back of the hotel). Obviously, we were feeling pretty snazzy!. . We had had a pretty hardxcore night before at Marquee, but we were still dressed to the 9's and ready to party (except me haha). Anyway, we get in around like.. 10pm, which is super early (thanks, "guestlist" line) but it started to fill up super quickly. . . First of all, I had heard people call it "hakka-stairs" and I was not prepared for what came next. Those stairs to the club are ridiculous. Each step is so high and there are so many of them, more than Marquee!! Trekking up in thosekiller pumps was a work out. By the time I got upstairs, I was panting (out of shape.. I know).. . Upon getting to the top of the stairs, I saw more stuff.. a bar on the left, a cage thing in front of me.. It was a bit underwhelming. Then I saw the dance floor. Sure, there were tons of lights and video screen thingies, which made for a nice party ambience, but the dance floor itself was so small. Even the walkways to the dance floor were sucky. They were too much of a slope and it wasn't easy to walk in heels.. . The upstairs also a smoking area, which is not cool. I really don't like the fact that there's no outdoor area. Of course, there's A/C but with that many people, it gets hot! The "hip hop" room was also a joke. It's basically all tables and booths, no dance floor, but people try to dance anyway. It's a horrific experience even for non-claustrophobic people.. . 1/10 - would not return
It's mind-blowing how they allowed the place to get as packed as it did. It wasn't even safe any more. I've been in clubs where I felt like a sardine in a can, but it was beyond that. It felt like a mob with a purpose--to get on the dance floor. It's going to sound dramatic, but I literally felt like my life was in danger at some point. Picture Black Friday at Walmart, that lady who got trampled over, I thought that was going to be my fate. My friend paid for my admission, but 60 bucks for female and 100 bucks for male, to be trampled over. Biggest rip off in Las Vegas. No bueno!
I really contemplate on whether this review will have any sort of meaning for this terrible establishment. Considering that their revenues will continue to emerge, I'm pretty certain that Angel Management Group can give a shit less. . . Backed by the decor of this fine looking nightclub is a terrible group of managerial personnel. I jump into this accusation because this club is operated and employed by a bunch of arrogant fools who feel that the popularity of their nightclubs can justify their terrible service. But no, being in the service industry, there is no justification to why they would execute such poor customer service.. . I've came here about twice and after much experimentation, I have learned that I am not going to be fooled by a deceiving brand. . . The first time I came, a group of friends and I were all guaranteed free entry. But being the sexist city that Las Vegas is, only my girlfriend and I were comp'd entry while all others had to pay a $30 cover fee. By the way, we were in line at about 10:30 on a Sunday night and we were the only ones in line. Fortunately, my friends cared less about paying such a cover and just went in. But Hakkasan should feel relieved that they didn't care. Oh but I'm sorry, Hakkasan doesn't care anyway so I might as well kick rocks. . . On my second occasion, my friends and his family of cousins reserved a table which was rated at $1000 excluding tips and taxes. But as soon as we begin to get in line, we get a text message from this incompetent promoter saying that the price of the table had been raised to $2500. If you're going to exercise such discretion, why the fuck won't you take the time to let us know that table prices are subject to change? Oh but I figured that being the "world-renowned" night club Hakkasan is, they reserve the right to fuck anyone in the ass (please excuse my unnecessary & foul language). . . Will I ever come back to this club? Who knows, but considering the amount of better options there are on the Strip, why would I waste my time gambling on these idiots? The unfortunate thing about the night club industry is that they can REALLY give a fuck less about those who have bad experiences. Prior to writing this review, I went ahead and read other reviews and you can obviously conclude that this club will not give a flying fuck what you say because at the end of the day, they got their $$$$. . . Overall, beautiful decor, terrible management and personnel. Promoters who are terribly misinforming and unintelligent. I wonder where they collect such idiots. And for a company that has such value, I wonder how such incompetence is employed.
The most horrible club experience ever.  Over capacity, overpriced, and a huge stupid line. I honestly feared for my life at moments because  of the overwhelming crowd. There was no place to stand or dance or get a drink.  We were on the guest list, but still waited for 30 minutes in line. It was awful and I hope fewer people have the experience that we did in the future.
My sister and I went up to the bouncer at almost 3 am this past Saturday night after being at Tao (where we had an exceptional time). Absolutely no one in line and the guy told us rudely that cover was $100 for guys and $50 for girls. Are you kidding me? Still charging up the ass for cover at almost 3? Money hungry assholes!
Jeesh.... I had really high hopes for Hakkasan Nightclub before it opened. PR was great. DJ lineup's were great. Plus MGM is the hotel I stay at every time I go to Las Vegas so I was very excited..  . Anywho... first time I went to Hakkasan was a Friday night. I arrived really late but I still wanted to go clubbing. So might as well check out Hakkasan. It was around 2:00AM... and I was thinking entrance fee might be cut. But once I got in line... they said the entrance was $80.... wtf WHY IS IT $80 at 2AM when everyone's already inside and basically wrapping up the night?! Ugh... seriously? Welll I had no choice and paid that damn expensive ass entrance (Mind you it was 5 girls, 2 guys uh.. okay should have been like $30) . Walked inside and NO ONE was dancing. The music was okay... but the crowd was HORRIBLE. No one looked like they were having fun. No one drunk. No one trying to just have a good time. Damn.. wtf did Hakkasan put in your drinks? No matter how shitty the club, at least a few people are having fun. I found myself going back and forth between the hip hop stage and main stage, trying to catch some good music and good vibes. It was so horrible I couldn't take it anymore, left around 3:30AM. What a waste. $80 for 1.5 hours. Damn, I got jacked.. . SECOND time... I wasn't even planning to go. It was my baby cousin's 21st birthday. So we got all our family to come to Vegas and party together. Had a room at MGM, but still didn't even plan on going to Hakkasan. We reserved a table at the LIGHT at Mandalay... but when I was walking to my room on Saturday, a promoter from Hakkasan stopped me and tried to sell me a table. Eventually, I agreed because he said he would give us a table for $1000. So we made an agreement, got each other numbers, confirmed, etc etc etc etc bullshit etc. So I went back up to my room, informed my family, and we all got ready and went downstairs. The MINUTE I get to the table line (mind you, I was still texting the promoter WHILE GETTING READY AND GOING DOWNSTAIRS), he texts me "bumped all tables to $2500, better go to LIGHT" What the FUCK?! This story might sound a bit familiar because Anthony P. jotted down my story in his review. He was with me and my family... GOOD JOB HAKKASAN. YOU JUST PISSED OFF TWO DIE-HARD YELPERS.  God.. boy did I loook stupid in front of my family. In the end, we went to LIGHT at Mandalay Bay... thank god my promoter TOMMY pulled through at LIGHT and got us a table for the ORIGINAL price he offered. Thanks TOMMY you were great..... but screw you Hakkasan. You SERIOUSLY came close to RUINING my baby cousin's 21st birthday. 21st birthday... Las Vegas... COME ON. get your shit together.
the hype is so not worth the experience!. . I am actually here right now as I write this review! . . space is seriously limited, and unless you're heavily into EDM music, I seriously suggest skipping this place on your places to hit up in Vegas!. . this club seriously failed in every expectation! which is really unfortunate considering the incredible reviews on yelp! . . id you're into the hip hop scene I suggest to skip this place because you'll only be disappointed! . . not on the top of my list personally, but if you're into overly priced drinks (even by Vegas standards) and incredibly rude staff, come here lol!!!
Well this place is overcrowded. Also avoid the rudest security guard I have ever let. I almost never yelp and yet this guy has made quite the impression on me. His name is Brice and he has continued to to tell me that I should leave because I "look" over intoxicated.. I told him that I wasn't and he continued to tell me to get some water. I told him that I didn't need any and told him to go away. The security guard he was working with even told him to leave me alone. And yet he watched my every move, until I walked to another part of the club. .  Any how, I was really excited to come here until that experience. I'm very disappointed with the organization of the club and inability to get around without being harassed by security guards named Brice. I will be sticking to less newer clubs in Vegas for now on. . . Hakkasan is simply overrated and not worth the time, money or effort!
This place is the worst place in vegas . It's small, dingy and overpriced.  They also lie about the djs . They advertised tiesto for the Halloween weekend 25th October and I paid 140 dillars to get in for two of us and tiesto did not show up till 2 am . We got fed up and left . Very bad experience.. PS: would've rated it negative if there was an option.
Fascist, overpriced, overrated.. The bouncers are super racist Nazis. I went there with two of my Russian friends and one of my Persian friends and the two of us who were not from their preferred race were bounced because we looked "hella drunk". All we had was two shots in the past 5 hours and we definitely were not acting drunk. So the moral of the story is if you are not in their "perfect race" list and they cannot pronounce your name easily don't even try going there. I fill insulted, degraded, and infuriated by their racist staff.
What a horrible club. So overrated. . We ate atthe restaurant and got free entrance to Hardwell, the dj for Saturday night.  Place is super crowded, literally no space to walk in the main floor. . . Hardwell didn't show up until 2am! So I'm assuming all feature dj here don't show up till late to make sure you spend $$$$ on drinks. . Bouncers incredibly rude they would not let you get on the main dance floor, he said it was "Too crowded...back the f! Up"  like it's our fault they let too many in, for a place too small?. . I yelled back at him, no space to back up . So he yelled "just stay there then!"  Wtf is wrong with their security? Did I just drop $400 on dinner so I can get yelled at by the bouncer?. . The crowd was meh, Not enough cultural diversity. If Asians and edm are your thing this is your place.
Hakkasan was an EPIC DISAPPOINTMENT. Came here Halloween weekend to see Hardwell. I am deeply embarrassed for the owners. It was shocking how cheaply designed, messy, and poorly planned the entire club felt. . . The layout makes no sense, the staff were wearing gimmicky Asian-themed outfits (GET IT?! Cause you're in an "ASIAN" club?! plz.) , and the decorations left **much** to be desired - e.g. upside down parasols all over the ceiling that look like they were $2 at World Market and hanging paper lights - you know, like the ones you can buy at Ikea/Target when you're in college? The DJ booth area looks like an unimpressive rave festival stage. VERY amateur aesthetics, to say the least. This is especially baffling given that Hakkasan expects 90% of their clients (i'm basing this number off their tablespace to dancefloor ratio) to buy a table. Why would anyone want to spend an unnecessary amount of money to be in a super trashy room? . . How do they expect to compete with Marquee, XS, and Light when their venue is so tacky and ugly....and in case you're wondering, the overall appearance of the crowd matches Hakkasan's interior design. . . Also, i ordered a CLUB SODA at the bar because I was extremely parched and not in the mood to get drunk in such an underwhelming environment, and the bartender took 15 minutes to get to me and then charged me $7, plus NO REFILLS. Seriously, Hakkasan?? Have you no class or shame at all? I mean, i know you spent wayyyy too much money signing up all those bigtime DJs  and you're super worried about recovering the expenses, but c'mon - this is just pathetic.. . More complaints: dangerously crowded, absolutely NO SITTING allowed anywhere even in the few spots where it would make perfect sense to allow people to rest their feet (i'd be very amused if this rule was for "safety" bc i'm quite certain we'd all die in an emergency evacuation no matter what bc the club is a confusing, overcrowded labyrinth), $75 cover for guys (aka. shoulda bought those $30 presale tix online bc the promoter who said he'd give the guys "reduced cover" was totally lying!), subpar gogodancers, and the main act came on at 2AM after an obnoxious emcee narrated a pointless costume contest to the puzzled crowd for 10 minutes too long.. . Never go here, even if you're curious to just "check it out" for the first time (which was my mistake). And no, not even their amazing EDM residencies can offset the overall negative experience. I came here for FREE to see a topnotch DJ and i'm STILL offended and want my time back. This club kills good vibes.. . Hakkasan will certainly not be a lasting nightlife institution in Vegas. XS, Marquee, and Light must be relieved.
I went there twice. . . My first night I was really exited to see this 120 million $$ club. and it was nothing but disappointment. First of all, whoever did the interior design of this place has to retire and figure out a new career. besides the theme and interior design, the architect must have been an idiot as well. narrow walk ways and no place to chill. . overall it was very ugly and poorly done.. . The drinks are expensive but that is just Vegas, however Hakkasan seemed pricier. The bouncers were nice but they looked like they hated their lives because the club is designed poorly and it only makes their lives harder.. . The second time i went it was only because I was dragged by friends who really wanted to see Hakkasan... I told them it is a waste of time and money. they did not listen. tho today, they all 100% agree that Hakkasan Nightclub is a terrible choice.. . I have never tried the restaurant there so my rating only goes out to the night time event.. . I strongly recommend other nightclubs such as, The Marquee, Light, XS and etc.... . Cheers.
Let Hakkasan be a prime example of how NOT to design a night club in Interior Design College classes across the world. They are so lucky the promoters are grabbing the best DJ's in the world to play here or else no one would even think to come here again!. . How much does this place suck? Let me list the ways:. . 1) Too many stairs. Stairs to get into the club. Stairs to get to the bar. Stairs to get into the other room. Stairs to the bathroom. Are you serious? Make your club on a ground floor with minimal to no stairs. I got the wind knocked right out of me trying to get into the main room. It's just a bad way to start the beginning of your evening breaking a sweat trying to get into a club.. . 2) Bottlenecked hallways and pathways. Can someone say fire hazard? I love clubs and understand that packed areas are part of the normal protocol. But Hakkasan will test your level of patience with how cramped it gets going from one area to another. And it's not even because of the club not being able to accommodate the crowd they are letting in. It's just a bad lay out and design of their hallways and how people need to get where they want to be.. . 3) The Dance Floor or lack thereof. This club is huge and you're designating about 1/20th of the venue to the dance floor. It just makes no sense! Especially when you have the hottest dj's in the world playing, everybody wants to be on the dance floor. Well too bad, there's too many people here and too little dance floor to accommodate everyone. So why don't you just stay cramped in a hallway or stairway somewhere cause that's what there is a lot of.. . 4) You can't see the DJ. For whatever reason, it is impossible to see the DJ here. Once again poor design and layout of the club. The designers just did not take this into consideration when building the venue. Being able to see the DJ is an important part of the experience. Trying to get a view of the DJ is just something a person should not have to worry about. Totally kills the mood.. . 5) Poor design aesthetics and feel. Upside down parasol umbrellas are hanging from the ceiling, blocking off lighting from the light system that should be hitting the dance floor. They just had no common sense at all installing that fixture. Bartenders and bus boys wearing ninja suits, servers wearing shanghai dresses? It's just tacky and borderline racist.. . Calvin Harris, Dada Life, Nervo, and Hardwell are some of my favorite Dj's and I will be waiting for their residencies to end than rather come back to this club. Not even worth to check out for a first time. Seriously! Save your money and time and go to XS, Surrender, Light, or Marquee instead.
Hakkasan was a very bad place to go to. The place was way too crowded while the designs were confusing, small and not roomy. The bouncer was very rude and disrespectful. He would pushed my back pretty hard when it was too crowded and i was kind of forced toward the table and touched the crowd control rope which i didn't mean to. Horrible place to be at if they continued on treating their customers like this. Music was not that great, the hip hop floor was super small, and there were too many stairs which can cause people to trip.
I've decided to rename this place Hakasux because it does.. . My last experience her, I was with a group of about 8 sexy ladies and one sweet gay dude. It was Halloween so the majority of my friends were half naked and scantly clad. Anyway, 9 is a large group, my friend was offered a comp table.  . . We arrived by the check and had no issues past the first round of bouncers. As we approached the stand the bouncer told my friend that a part of the nightclub wasn't open and that they'd comp our admission and offer us each a free drink ticket. What the what?! It's a Sunday, which is their industry/locals night. Whatever, my favorite Producers/DJs were spinning (Dada Life) and I was dead set on having a great time. . . Hakasux has a really crappy layout. A group of 9 can no way stock together. I ended up with two of the ladies and we braved it on the dace floor. Smooshed like sardines. This is typical. I can't blame Hakasux for this at all. This is just what Vegas nightlife has turned into.. . Normal club happenings occur, then during Dada Life's performance there was a giant pillow fight (set to their track Happy Violence - irony not lost on me) and it was way too much fun until all of a sudden my friend grabbed my arm and said out friend was hit in the head with an empty bottle (like some jerk from a table tossed their bottle of goose into the crowd). We immediately scrambled off. My friend has a friend that works security in the club, so informing him, he took my us upstairs to be triaged. The EMTs were kind and professional.. . After this whole ordeal we left. Not even a sorry about your experience, nothing. I doubt I will ever set for in this place again. They may have top name DJs but f these antics continue I don't see Hakasux having much sticking power. Go to Light/ XS/ Surrender instead.
I am so disappointed after coming to Hakkasan. Warning anyone who comes to hakkasan, there is a theft ring who goes around stealing phones and wallets out of girls' purses while they are holding them on the dance floor. Protect yourself! Hakkasan Las Vegas Nightclub should be working towards helping prevent the problem. I understand that there's not much they can do but at least they should be producing a disclaimer about the unbelievable amount of theft that is going on in their nightclub and possibly step up security! Two girls in our group got their phones and credit cards stolen and we were just two of many! be careful!!! such a disappointing end to the trip. And very disappointing the management doesn't do a thing to prevent this.
Me and 4 of my other friends came in to party Saturday night. $50 for ladies; $100 for men (Rip-Off)The club is packed!! Too Crowded. You can't even dance on the dance floor. People pours drinks on top of your head. That's how crowded it was! We were there to enjoy but after an hour, we decided to leave.. . I understand it was a Saturday night but they should have some kind of a maximum capacity of persons that can only come in so they can have a good time. The people keeps on going in and everybody were drunk, pouring drinks with each other, stepping on foot, bumping, grabbing everywhere. Not very cool.. . I will definitely never go back to this place. Id rather go to Marquee Club again.
It had been a hot minute since I had been in Vegas but those in the know assured me that Hakkasan was THE place to be on the weekend. I'm always up for an all night dance party so I gladly paid ahead of time for a ticket to Calvin Harris on Saturday night. Although I know it's possible for girls to get in free pretty much anywhere in Vegas, to me this ticket was totally worth it to not have to worry about standing in ridiculous lines or bribing bouncers. . . The entry was confusing, as there were several different security and promoter people who kept herding us to different areas and telling us different things about what we needed - should we have our printed tickets out? Is an email pulled up on a phone ok? It took a while for everyone to finally get in the door because of all of the confusion. . . Once in, I have to say I was surprised that the interior wasn't more exciting and over the top. I expect big and bold and beautiful from Vegas clubs, but what I saw was more like what an 80s nightclub would look like in movies, with black everywhere and somewhat cheesy neon lights. I also thought the layout wasn't smart, as everyone is naturally directed to this one staircase to get to and from the dance floor and bars, which of course meant that everything got extremely congested. I know this is a hot club right now, but the crowds were ridiculous... I could barely move the whole night. . . These kinds of crowds also encourage theft. Four girls out of about eight in my group of friends got their iPhones and/or wallets stolen. Now we're not talking about people carelessly leaving their purses in booths and wandering away. These purses were on shoulders, and one or more a-holes were obviously using the crowd as a way to bump into people and dig in their bags. Several girls all around me that I didn't know also fell victim. It was really hard to dance my booty off when every few minutes I heard some poor girl scream 'my phone's gone!!!' Clutching my purse tightly to me, I told several security guards, all of whom nodded vaguely while avoiding eye contact. I knew they weren't telling anyone. And of course no one returned our calls when we called their number that night and the next morning. We were no longer their problem! . . I know in Vegas it's not really about convenience but about the wild night and the scene you're a part of. For that part of it Hakkasan did what I expected. But when it comes to treating your customers right, ones that are very likely to spread the word and come back and spend a lot of money if treated well, they unfortunately failed miserably.
Hakkasan should be renamed to Hakkasucks. Seriously. There are so many things wrong with this club, I'm not even sure where to begin. . . First and foremost, is it really necessary to have stairs everywhere? Even those little 2 steps that go from the bar to a table, like why couldn't you just have a little ramp there? You know you have a problem when there is security there just for the sake of flashing their lights on those stairs so people don't trip and fall on their faces. . . Also, security is another thing. I know it's standard to have guards flashing their lights on people drinking but I really do NOT appreciate looking at the end of the flashlight every 5 mins. There are times where I would literally just be standing in one spot for about 20 min with a drink in my hand (I was taking a break from dancing) and there would be a security guard, shining his flashing light in my freakin' face at least 3 times, even though I haven't moved or anything. I was just standing there trying to enjoy my music and my drank while resting my feet. Geez.  . . The dance floor is small AF. I don't even bother trying to dance on the actual floor itself but instead, opt out on dancing by the tables closer to the bar. Oh yeah, you pretty much need to get a table if you want to enjoy yourself and have even the slightest chance to breathe in this place. This place gets so freaking packed you can't move an inch unless you have a table to chill at, if you're willing to sell an arm and leg to afford one. And even then, there are those bottle rats that take up all the space at and on top of the tables too. Eff that. . . The only plus sides of Hakksucks is the djs and the fact that one of my friends' bfs works here so I got walked in last weekend (I busted a mission after work and got to the club at 11pm). But even then, I left pretty early cuz Tiesto was just playing all mainstream edm and I wanted to hear his old songs. Womp womp. Save your time (and money guys) and go to Light instead. You'll have a way better time, trust me.
This club was reccomended by people because of the hype and djs,  we got into the guest list of 14 girls. We had to wait all the way outside until you can get to the line inside the casino. It was fucking ridiculous. This was the line to get in free so you cant really complain I guess,But it gets worse once youre inside. . . Traffic jam everywhere!  Rude bouncers flashing lights in your face. They over compacity this place making it impossible to get any air or place to dance. And when you do find a place to take a breather, the bouncers rudely make you move the fuck out. If you cant handle all that people inside a club, then you should have maximum limit. Never again. Save your time and go to xs instead. . . F.y.i The layout of the club wasnt anything exciting either.
Eek! Me thinks not! . . Coming to Hakkasan, I had high expectations. Only because I hear they some of the best DJ's in the world. The interior and exterior was nice, but not over the top fancy. . . I came the night DADA LIFE was performing. I was excited. I came around 10 or 11 pm and started lining up for the guest list with my friends. It was one of the most confusing things ever, because they had MULTIPLE lines that were different. One was for tickets, promoter/staff guest list, regular guest list, etc. Every time you asked a bouncer where to go, they would tell you to go here and there, it was all confusing. . . Coming in, my friends and I had to climb stairs..lots of stairs. Why are there so much stairs?! There are even like 2-4 steps of stairs to go to the bar! They need to remodel this place and turn those stairs into ramps because that can be dangerous, especially if you have no guidance or if you're effed up drunk. But then again, maybe that's why those annoying security guards/bouncers are there - to flash the flashlight in your face or on the floor. The bouncers/security are cocky too because if you stand on the side or anywhere even just to rest, enjoy a drink and listen to the music, or chit chat with a friend, they'll tell you to move out of the way. Where else can we go if we can't even sit down? Apparently down in the middle of nowhere hallway, where you can't even hear the music anymore! . . Dance floor was small! My friends and I tried to go to the hip hop floor or any floor that had good music, and we couldn't get past 3-5 people because there was literally no moving space. I'm a small person and I felt even tinier on the dance floor (with my 5 inch heels), because everyone would look down on me while I was trying to make my way around the dance floor to dance. When my friends and I got to the middle, we couldn't even dance because there was NO SPACE to even move. So we left. If you want to dance, the best place is probably dancing by the hallway or table..but even then. it's not enough space and it still sucks. It so hot and sweaty up on the floor because of the crowdedness. Hard to breathe too! . . If you want better service and space, the only way for that to happen is if you get a table. Other than that, good luck even getting anywhere in this tiny club. . . Good thing I got in free, cause I would've been upset if I had to pay and not enjoy my time here. Don't think I'm coming back again.
Not a fan. . . Hated the stairs. Hated the fact that there is no seating. I mean c'mon, a girl needs a place to rest her feet. . . Overall, I just had a horrible experience. It was my bestfriend's 21st birthday and we ended up leaving after about 2 hours to party somewhere else. . . I would definitely skip this club when in Vegas. It just wasn't worth my time.
Totally screwed security and check in. No idea about how to run a club- stay  away and find somewhere they appreciate customers - MGM this is why you are losing market share for nightlife - train your staff on how to deliver decent customer service. Fight in line to get in- seriously??
Worst club ever. We were in the front of the guest list line and still had to wait a whole hour to get in to the damn place. Being a girl in heels, this was miserable. Then, once you get in, more lines. What is this...Disneyland?? When we finally made it in, we had to sit down because we had been standing so long in our heels. Problem was, no place to sit. Just stairs and open floor. What the hell kind of club is this? So we tried sitting on the edge of a booth and immediately got kicked off. Seriously? Dont you want girls to like your club? Dumbest place ever. They have a huge ego or something. Its all hype. You'll have way more fun anywhere else.
I don't usually write reviews on Yelp, when I do they are positive, but this was so bad I need to let other know what they may be getting into. . . First of all Tiesto was the only bright spot. It was my birthday weekend and wanted to see him so I paid over $120 for tickets for me and my girlfriend. We had to wait until 1:30am for Tiesto to come on, drinks take 30 mins to get, there is no where to sit and it is way over crowded. Also, beware there is no cancellation of tickets so if you pre-order and things change... you're SOL. We heard from some friends that were in the VIP area two week ago that this place was all hype. Unfortunately, I had already purchased tickets. Wish I would have waited. Wish I could get my money back. Wish this was like all the other places in Vegas that I visited this last weekend. This was the only place that was not EPIC, but thankfully there are places like XS, Light, Marquee and Hyde that are much better. To bad this terrible venue replaced the Lion Habitat @ MGM. At least that was entertaining. Would have had a much better time there.
After all the hype about Hakkasan I couldn't have been more dissapointed. The club is definitely nice, and the djs great but the SERVICE was HORRIBLE. I have never been to a club were the security and attendants were so rude. . My friends and I were able to get a table from a promoter which was awesome at first. Because we were getting a table were told we had to be there by 10 (about 4 hours before Calvin Harris went on). After standing in various lines and multiple check ins we finally got in the club - and to the table. However 20min in a security guy came up and told us that the 2 guys who were with us (12 girls) who had just paid $100 each were not allowed to sit at our table... I saw another group being told the same thing, unless you specifically paid for your table, guys were not allowed, which made no sense.. . 30 min before Calvin Harris came on, another security guy and another man with a clipboard came up to our table flashing flash lights and demanding we leave - we were not allowed to sit at the table and had to move - they were yelling at us continuously telling us to move with absolutely no explanation as to why. After arguing with the man and demanding he at least tell us why we had to go - he told us an owners friend had bought out the table and he had to give it them 'or else he's lose his f******* job" as though it was out fault. . . I know that this is not unusual in clubs, to be asked to leave a free table (given by promoters) when someone who can afford to buy it comes along- but the workers their were SO RUDE about it, as though we had snuck into the table and stole their alcohol.. . After leaving the table we went down into the crowd which was so crowded my friends and I were literally stuck in the same position for 10 min, absolutely unable to move, at the same time the bottle service attendants are shoving you from behind - I remember asking one of them, who was carrrying a large stack of cups to a table to "not push me" to which he responded he'll "push me if he has to" and then did. . . Another friend was repeatedly yelled at and threatened to be kicked out because she was leaning against a surface close and kinda connected to the tables - her back was turned to the Dj and crowd and it was clear she just needed somewhere to sit for bit. . In addition, water bottles (8oz fuji waters) were $8 dollars each, a redbull was $9 - As they made us get their 4 hours early because we "had a table" we all sobered up pretty fast - which meant you had to spend I cant imagine how much on drink from the bar.. which costs a lot!. . Overall, I would never go back here -  The club itself was definitely cool, but the workers there all seem to be on power highs from working in the "hottest" club in vegas, its just not worth it - I have been to Las Vegas multiple times and to a lot of different clubs but have never experienced such arrogant and pretentious servers and security. - they literally ruined our night. . I would recommend Surrender, XS, or any of other clubs! They're cheaper, less crowded, still have great djs and actually treat you like customers not uninvited guests.. . If you're not ready to drop 5k on a table, chose somewhere else to go.
Seems like the designers of this club just got plain greedy. I would think most people go clubbing to dance? But apparently not according to whoever did the layout for Hakkasan. 80% of the floor space is dedicated to tables. With 10% to bars and 10% to dance space. The dance floor on the hiphop area is an embarrassment. It is basically a large walkway.
Updated Review. . I was invited back to Hakkasan with comped VIP tickets (Pretty much just tickets to cut the line). This experience was a lot better than the previous experience. However, I noticed a lot of similar problems as the first time. The biggest difference was just that the ratio was a bit better and the dance floor wasn't AS packed, but still way too packed. . . Simply put, come to Hakkasan if it's a DJ you really REALLY MUST  see. The experience most likely will be lacking because of the packed dance floor. . . Or come if you can get in for free. . . Or come if you're willing to blow some serious cash on a table. . . Otherwise STAY AWAY. . . I've had multiple friends get injured on the dance floor because of how crowded it was. This includes being stepped on, being elbowed in the nose, and best of all, having a drunkard think you're messing with them and start beating the shit out of you. Honestly surprised there isn't a lawsuit going on. . . --------------------. Review 11/27/2013. I'm confused what all the hype is about. This was one of the worst clubbing experiences I've had in Las Vegas. . . Pluses:. It's pretty. . Cons:. All the space is dedicated to  tables. The ratio was like at LEAST 80 percent guys . The DJ was absolutely horrendous. . Compound all of this on to a small dance floor and you get a cramped cockfest with everyone just standing there.. . For the price you pay, this was just ridiculous.. . Hakkasan, please learn to set a better ratio into the club. I'm pretty sure if there was a group of guys, they would rather not get in than get in and be crowded with a bunch of other dudes. . . Also for the dance floor, security should regulate the amount of people entering the dance floor. This would ensure that people are not squished like sardines and aren't even able to move.
Horrible experience. The club is designed for VIP  who want to fist pump on the sidelines. The dance floor is pitifully small and it's insanely overcrowded by 1am. This leaves everyone else to lurk in the periphery and spend $7 dollars for soda water while longing to be in throng staring at the DJ from the dance floor. Finish that off with a rude staff and you have a recipe for disaster. Save your money and play blackjack.
Went on a Friday night.  I really must be getting old and behind the times because I have no idea what the hype is about this club.  The music is horrible - at one point, I was just looking out onto the dance floor, which was packed, and no one was dancing for at least a few songs!! I mean....how boring is that?!. . Luckily, I was staying at MGM and got in for free that night.  Thank goodness I didn't pay the $30 cover they were charging for non-hotel guests.
I will start with the negative, we were there to see Tiesto, it was $100 men and $40 women $140 for my wife and me. We were having a good time and met another couple, my wife and her new friend who had just got married decided to dance on the back part of a sofa, the part were everyone else was dancing. They were there having a good time, when a D-bag manager or pr guy decided to come over to the table in front, he hit on them but when he noticed that we were there as couples he told them to get down from there and in a rude way said "you are regular people". I do not know what that means, but we paid to get in and I was paying $30 for a beer and a small cup of vodka and cranberry. I do not know if I am regular people because I am Mexican, dark skin or not a high roller.   He was there like a good D bag drinking from the table bottle and bringing single girls. What ever he does to try to get laid it's cool but when someone that is supposed to be an authority and represent a high-end club calls the costumers "regular people". Something is wrong. . . I am sharing a picture in case you see him be aware he does not like "regular people" in his club, you need to spend $10,000 and get a table so he can hit on drunk girls and then you will not be "regular people". . . One of the high points of the night was the guys that work in the bathroom, always nice, always smiling and never expecting or asking for a tip. They would always ask if you need anything else, if you were having fun and if you were ok. They do not get enough credit for the difficult job they have. . . The music was great and the sound was good too. We liked the Tiesto blacelets they passed out. Also the line outside was very organized, there was a lot of people but the line was moving and the security people were not rude.
Place sucks! Way over priced,  staff is rude! And to top it off they charge 20 percent tax. Yes that's right 20 percent tax , we have the reciet! Worst club in town! If I could give it zero stars I would.
