If they comp you a room after dropping tons of $$$$ they treat you like a second class citizen.  I am no longer staying with this hotel... Way to go!  Treat your loyal customers like crap and have your host give us attitude for trying to put us in a smoking double when we specifically asked for a non-smoking king when we booked TWO MONTHS ago!
I went just for the pool.  They said on the travel channel it's one of the best in the world.  Not!  It's ok but i've seen better.  The shark tank is cool tho.  The food in the restaurant was awful and there is no place to have a good breakfast in downtown!  What has Vegas become?  The day of the $2.00 breakfast is over.
My wife and I booked the Golden Nugget for our trip down for our brother in law's wedding.  We had a quick time schedule and were going to be in town for 30 hours (two nights).  We booked a non-smoking room because we both have a sensitivity to smoke and were given a smoking room (or we could cancel our room at 1am - when we finally got to the check-in desk).  They said that smoking / non-smoking was a preference and you are NEVER GUARANTEED one or the other.  As a major health risk, I would NEVER book Golden Nugget again, we ended up having to sleep on our brother-in-law's floor because we tried the room that was available and could not breathe.  Others had similar problems and had decided to stay up ALL NIGHT and get a room change in the AM because that was the only thing they could do.  I would never recommend staying there, the manager's were spin artists and would hedge any questions but not help.  I look forward to going to a hotel with customer service where we get what we book.
I have stayed at the Golden Nugget quite a few times over the years. My experiences have always been decent for the most part. But this last trip has nearly destroyed any chance of me ever going back. . . We (girlfriend and I) checked in Friday night the15th of July. First night there was nice and no complaints. Saturday the 16th was an epic day of rudeness and disbelief.. . On Saturday I got out of bed and went down to the Starbucks in the hotel. The employee at the Starbucks was not the friendliest which was kind of shocking. Also both drinks seemed to be about 1/3 empty but I was too tired to deal with it and went back to the room.. . After enjoying our 2/3 cups of Starbucks my girlfriend and I got on the elevator to go start our day. A very nice couple tells us good morning and then asks us what the deal is with people around here and they tell us that no one is friendly. I explain to them that perhaps there are a lot of people from LA in town this weekend due to carmageddon and that people from LA are generally assholes. Little did I know the nice couple from Michigan had basically predicted our day.. . So my girlfriend and I go to play a little blackjack while we wait on our friends who will be joining us to go to the buffet. I buy in for $260 and proceed to lose it. After playing for a while I ask the pit boss for two comps for the buffet and he just says no. I try to get him to explain why and he just says he is new and he can't check my players card and can't do this and can't do that and blah blah blah. Now I normally play in the high limit room as much as $300 a hand on average and here I am getting told no for a buffet comp. I HAVE NEVER BEEN TURNED DOWN AT ANY CASINO FOR A BUFFET COMP. After a few minutes the same pit boss came over and apologized and gave me the comps. BUT IT NEVER SHOULD HAVE HAPPENED TO BEGIN WITH. . . So after this I decide to go talk to the casino host and find out where I stand on comps. The host was very unfriendly and lacking in personality and manners. She informed me that all she showed was 1 hour and 15 minutes of playing the night before. I told her that I had bought in at the high limit room for $200, craps table for $200, poured $300 into the $5 a spin Wheel of Fortune, and played other slots for several hours after blackjack at $25 a hand for a few hours. Her response was "sometimes people don't do their jobs and you need to make sure you are getting credit when you play." Great. So now I have to make sure that the casino employees are doing the jobs that they are paid to do. I am not a manager. I am a customer. So I gambled and gambled and got no credit for it and got treated like a scrub by the casino host who seemed to take pleasure in denying me any kind of comps.. . So then our friends arrive and we decide to go up to the buffet. We go to the buffet and are seated and the service is attentive if not friendly. But my first trip to the buffet I apparently was bothering the person who slices the roast beef. He was very unfriendly.. . As my girlfriend and I and another female in the party were sitting down a loud sexual comment was directed at the girls by a group of 6 twenty something white guys who were drunk one table over. It was a comment that would not be tolerated in a strip bar but apparently it's ok here. . . I approached the table of scum and demanded to know who said what. Between the very scared server and my girlfriend not wanting to see her boyfriend end up getting jumped by 6 guys I somehow made it back to my table and sat down and was prepared to move on. But this action relayed weakness to the scum in the party of 6 and at this point they began hurling even further insults and innuendo our way for the whole restaurant to see and then began threatening physical violence upon my party.. . I had to ask the staff TWICE to call security.  Approximately one minute after the party left the security guard arrived and I told him what happened and his response was "Well I didn't see it so I can't do anything about it and if they're guests at the hotel then I can't do anything to them." I WAS SHOCKED AND APPALLED TO SAY THE LEAST. Apparently if you are a guest at the Golden Nugget you can get away with quite a lot. I was so disgusted by his response. . . I am a regular patron of casinos. I've spent more time gambling in my life than 98% of Americans. I've been to casinos all over this country and have VIP status at many. This would NEVER have been tolerated at another casino. I have seen people removed for foul language let alone threatening other patrons along with a mob of your fellow scumbags and making sexual comments towards women in the restaurant.. . We did not gamble one more cent in the Golden Nugget. This is disgusting behavior but what is even more disgusting is that the casino security did not care. Thanks for a great time Golden Nugget.
Our air went out, although it was replaced I was told by maintenance to prop up books or stuff to hold the drapes back from the vent part of the air conditioner. This just looks so ghetto. I shouldn't have to deal with stuff while on vacation. The worse part about it was that I e mailed a complaint and attached pictures of the lovely AC and have not heard back and when I called I was told the e mail was enough and was basically hung up on. And what's with all the dead crickets around the pool? Gross
First time here... I am also a Landrys Select member.... . I wish they would have told me the following upon check in.... . Upgraded room consists of loud music from the pool... I'm here with my kids now and none of us can sleep because of the loud music and bass from the pool.... . Didn't realize an upgrade consisted of not being able to sleep, annoying bass and music, and nothing to block out their establishments noise!!! Even the air conditioner isn't blocking out the club music.. . Not a happy customer right now.... . And again, another Landrys fail... I can't wait to check out in the morning asap... Its 1:30am and my room is still filled with music and bass... So much noise. I pretty much paid to have club music played in my room all night. What a waste off money. . The only good thing here is the pool, and even that was a huge hassle. . . :(
I didn't stay at the hotel, only went to the buffet.. . All I can say is, It's bad when the best part of the buffet is the beverage.
After debating it for a few weeks, I sent in an email to their customer service rep to complain about Lillie's Noodle House. Because Grotto Ristorante had remedied their service and went out of their way to do so, I grew more and more angry at the pathetic experience at Lillie's. The only way I could get in touch with Lillie's was to email the hotel (big surprise, a shitty excuse for a restaurant has no way of getting in touch with them). I emailed them with a copy of my Yelp! review about two weeks ago and a few extra words of disappointment and have yet to receive anything.. . Way to take care of things Golden Nugget!!!
worst buffet for this price
I stayed there during the summer.  They have the absolute worst customer service I've ever experienced in any thing I've ever participated in in my life.  Our room got broken into, our stuff got stolen, they refused to take care of us, treated us poorly, did an inspection, even though the lock had been tampered with they still said that they weren't responsible for any of the situation, and treated us like trash.  The acquarium pool was barely open.  I was there for a week and never got to use it.  The staff was rude and short tempered, I lost $2000 worth of items in the robbery (laptop, ipod, etc...), and several of my friends lost more.  According to them, they have no security cameras in the hotel, and couldn't even help us find out when we were robbed.. . The policy and services at the golden nugget are garbage, they are a horrible business, and I would personally turn anyone and everyone I could ever get to listen to me away from going there.. . On the plus, their black jack tables were very nice, and the casino staff was friendly.  The drinks were watered down, but I wouldn't ever complain about drinks at the cost of tips.. . The rest of freemont was a lot of fun, and other than my experience and vacation being drastically harmed by the horrible HORRIBLE choice to stay at the golden nugget, vegas was a fun place to visit.
Old Vegas, gaudy, tacky, trashy place on the North Strip. It's yuck and gross and for cowboys and crack smokers. I feel like everyone there is a 70 year old chain smoking jewish grandmother with a trach-ringed 95 year old cowboy husband, all coughing and gagging and playing penny slots with too much make-up. Rooms are ok. No elevator security. Good valet.. There is a really nice aquarium in the hotel which is very nice to look at.
The buffet is mid level cafeteria food. That's all I have to say about that.
This place was horrible. The room had 2 beds however it was not quite a twin or full. I never seen beds so small. The was no hairdryer, coffee maker, etc. I'm surprised it has running water. The pool was not all that great either. They need to clean the tank so u can see the fish better. Overall, I would not stay here again or recommend it to anyone I know.
One full hour to check in.  When I mentioned it to the twenty-something clerk he complained he had been working 12 hours.  Blackjack dealers were not very friendly.   Steve Wynn's legacy of quality service is long dead.   Stay away.
if only the service matched the facility and amenities... 2nd consecutive visit where I've been disappointed in the service. being placed in a smoking room, due to overbooking. that really sucked, especially after booking reservations months in advance and specifying NON-SMOKING due to allergies.  I 'scored' a comp of one night free, due to another issue a year prior on my last visit (which I won't go into here), but they charged me for it even when I had pre-paid my stay PRIOR to arrival, so I could avoid a situation like that in the first place!!  I had to go back to the front desk, where the agent had to confer with the front desk manager before crediting out the additional charge.  ugh.  service seems to really be going downhill at this place, which is sad.  It is typically the nicest property downtown.  I think next visit I save money and stay at main street instead.  I did in fact write a complaint letter to GN mgmt., and while the response seemed apologetic, they didn't offer me much more than 2 nights' comp'd stay on the next trip...  I think not.  It seems to me if they were seriously apologetic, they'd throw me a bigger 'bone' than 2 nights' stay.  I don't think so.
WORST hotel stay in my life!  . . I will NEVER return to this hotel, would rather sleep on a park bench.  and this isn't the first time I have experienced issues at this hotel, but it will be the last!. . So I was in Vegas on business and I needed a hotel for 1 night.  My plan was to get up early around 4AM and make the 3 hour drive to Las Vegas for work that day.  Then I would check into the Golden Nugget for a well deserved good night's sleep and take my time heading back to L.A. the next morning.  Well, that plan didn't go so well.  Allow me to explain.. . Since my company was paying for the hotel room, my choices were a bit slim.  And since I refuse to stay on the Strip with all the jack ass, obese, and belligerent tourists I decided to stay at the Golden Nugget.  (I should have slept in my rental car) . . The hotel room itself was located in the Rush tower and wasn't such a bad room, the problem lied with the unacceptable event and awful service that followed from the management.  After a hard days work and being up since 4am,  I finally went to sleep that night around 2am, ready for a GOOD night's sleep.. . At 6:01AM on the dot!  I hear what sounds like an EARTHQUAKE coming from just outside my door.  Being an Angeleno, I jumped out of bed and stood under the door frame of the bathroom for cover.  Then I realized I was in Las Vegas and the chances of a quake were slim to none.  I opened my front door only to find 3 construction guys TEARING apart the hallway ceiling with a jackhammer!!!!!!  6:01 AM guys! This was UNACCEPTABLE!  . . I picked up the phone and demanded to speak with the hotel manager.  When he finally got on the line minutes later I had explained what just happened and how this is unacceptable.  His response?......"Sir would you like me to move you to another room?". Sure Mr. Manager, let me get dressed, pack up my things, change rooms, unpack again, and then try and fall back asleep.  NOOO! I don't want you to switch rooms!  What a jack hole!. . The manager claimed he had NO IDEA that a hotel guest was staying where the hotel construction was taking place!....So let me get this right, with all the high tech computers you check your guests in with, and all the security cameras around the hotel lobbies and floors, you had NO IDEA that you put a guest in an area where workers were going to begin tearing apart your hotel at 6:01AM????? BULLSH**!. . After arguing with me for what seemed like 30 minutes and denying that any of this was the hotel's fault and refusing to put me on the phone with his boss, he gives me the classic and insincere corporate apology!  . . - Great customer service guys!  . - Way to build client relationships!. - Thanks for the good night's sleep!!!. . I will never return to this dump!  And I would not recommend this place to anyone who comes to Las Vegas!  I discourage anyone who is thinking of staying here! This city was only good when the mob ran it, they took care of their guests.
I have no idea how this hotel has anything above a 3 star review. If you have ever stayed on the Strip, The Golden Nugget pales in comparison on every level! It's definitely a different level of standards here, and I was not expecting them to be so far below what we're used to from hotels like MGM Grand, Planet Hollywood, etc....  . - Service was terrible: Check-in took 10x longer than usual and staff was not knowledgeable or courteous about anything in the hotel or in the area. I've experienced better service at a holiday inn!. . - Hotel Pool: sure the shark slide is cool. Very cool, it's the hotels only saving grace.  So you would thing it would makes sense for them to invest in more than a small area of lounge chairs. By noon, every single pool chair was filled, even the ones in the shade (which accounted for over 1/2 the deck). This is a very family friendly pool, so having one area for the huge families and other people wanting to lay out and relax was a turn off. . . - Rooms: I am usually not a room snob, and I'm usually really happy with every room I've stayed at in Vegas. The rooms at the G.N were not even close to those standards.  No fridge, no complimentary coffee, no wi-fi.... not good.  It really felt like a depressing holiday inn. We were staying in the Gold Tower. Rush tower seemed nicer. Won't be back to find out.. . -Hotel Offerings: Husband and I both felt sick after eating at the buffet. Instantly ill, the both of us. It knocked us out for the rest of the night. We had trouble finding a quick place to grab a bite as their offerings were either steak house or starbucks. . . - Gambling: with low ceilings and no ventilation, I felt like i was in a smoke box the entire time i was on the floor. . . All in all, we had heard Golden Nugget was the nicest hotel in downtown Vegas. Wanting to experience a diff part of Vegas, we thought we would be in for a different yet still quality experience. Boy were we wrong. This hotel is not worth going to Vegas for, and I would never ever return. You are better off staying at the worst hotel on the strip than here.
You never get a second chance to make a good first impression. My wife and I walked into the lobby and the VIP desk (which we paid for so we wouldn't have to wait in the long line trying to check in) was closed. We then waited 20 minutes in line to check in. Then when we finally got to the counter, got our room keys we took our bags upstairs as their was no porter to carry the bags, then when we got to our room, there was someone else in it! LOL! So we had to take our bags back downstairs and stand in line again to get another room! On the second trip up the elevators we were assigned room 1625 in The Gold Tower which was right near the elevators. Which we heard every night, all night, for all 4 days of our stay. Out of the 4 days we stayed, our room was only cleaned twice, one of the sinks in the bathroom was clogged and they finally got maintenance to come unclog it the second day. One of the lamps in the room didn't work, and the way the bathroom was designed, you had to close the bathroom door to open the closet. Why they had the closet in the bathroom I still couldn't figure out. Then when you opened the closet doors they wouldn't stay open. Then when we checked out which was early in the morning on a Monday the VIP desk was also closed so we spent money upgrading to VIP for nothing. This lack of service also cost them thousands of dollars in gambling revenue which they lost because after dealing with some of the staff at the hotel and the casino, I refused to do any gambling at The Nugget and caught a cab to the strip. This hotel is rated as a 4 star hotel and has a very nice pool area and casino. The Fremont Street light show is also nice. However this hotel is not a four star hotel based on the customer service which was seriously lacking and the overall design of the rooms. The rooms are very cheap compared to staying on the strip, however you are going to sacrifice service. If you are someone like me who doesn't worry about price, then spend the extra money and stay on the strip. In all my trips to Vegas I have always stayed on the strip, so this time I wanted to try staying downtown since people had told me about the great renovations at The Golden Nugget. Although they spent a lot of money on the pool area and the casino, they would have gotten more bang for the buck firing the staff and hiring all new people!
After a few days of researching online to find a nice hotel with a fun pool area and decent pricing, for my upcoming 30th bday Vegas trip, I opted for Golden Nugget. I liked what I saw online (pics and video of the nice rooms and good square footage). I called a few hours ago to make my reservation. I was going to do the basic room (CARSON TOWER DELUXE) which was going to cost me $215 for 3 days in June, pretty good deal! But when I told the rep on the phone that I was celebrating my birthday, she told me about the much nicer and newly remodeled Rush Tower, and thought I might enjoy my stay there better. Much larger rooms, and when I looked at the room online, I loved the modern feel of the place. I agreed, even though it was about $100 more than the first room I was going to stay in. So my new total was going to be (with my AAA discount) $303.30 + tax she quoted me $312.39 (NEW RUSH TOWER DELUXE), figured I'd splurge a little more and waste an extra $100 on something a little nicer to treat myself. (I should have been concerned when she kept asking me to hold on cause she was having "computer problems" when I was confirming pricing with her. Maybe she didnt know how to add.). A few hours later I get an email confirmation stating I was going to be charged $342.73 (over $30 more than what she quoted me!) What the hell!? So I call back, talk to another rep and tell her I'm being overcharged. She rudely cut me off a few times and told me the lady must have calculated the tax wrong cause they're going to charge me the $342.73. This is almost $130 more than what I originally wanted to spend. For that price I can stay at Luxor (where I usually stay, but wanted to try something different!), AND get the spa suite at that price, with a hot tub in my room and a separate living room area too. So disappointing. Was really excited about staying here. Now I have to wait 1-2 weeks to get my $161 deposit back. . I used to gamble at Golden Nugget, but now I'm not going to even set foot in that place. Now back to the drawing board!!! :(
What a joke!!! We checked in with the most un-personable person ever. Not even a smile did we get. Then after walking all the way to our tower the keys don't work!  We get a hold of housekeeping and after verifying it is us she won't let us in to our room. Instead we are at the mercy of someone bringing up keys. After waiting 15 mins they still haven't come up with keys, so I walk down to registration for my tower and it's CLOSED!!! Are you serious?! How do you close a front desk? I'm still in front of my room waiting for security. When security comes he is leisurely strolling up our hallway and yet another miserable person who works here!! All I want is to get into my room!
This place can eat a bag of brown nuggets, for real. I called in January for a May reservation and was told that for the two rooms I was booking it would be $119 per night. That was $119 per night for TWO rooms, NOT $119 per night per room. . . So I called back recently to add one more night to the reservation and cancel one of the rooms, and the first person I talk to can't even find my payment for the rooms! I paid in advance in January, but because they switched systems or something they couldn't find my payment. I had to go online and find it on my credit card charges and confirm it with them. Then I talked to another person who was confused because my card had been charged the $119 plus tax TWICE, when it should have only been charged once. The woman acted like it was a mistake that I was charged twice, when in fact if it really was $119 per night per room it wouldn't have been weird at all to see the two charges, right? . . So this whole time I'm thinking the room is now paid for, then when we show up they tell us that no, in fact we owe them another $119 plus tax for the other night. They also told me over the phone it would be 69 plus tax to add the third night, but when we got there it was 59. It's nice that it was cheaper but it's indicative of a real problem with their system and inability to properly quote customers on room rates.. . I talked to the manager to was nice enough to 'waive the cancellation fee' if we chose to go elsewhere (yeah, during memorial weekend and punk rock bowling I'm sure there's TONS of reasonably priced rooms in Vegas... jerk). But he would NOT budge on the price of the rooms, even though THREE of his employees made the same mistake on the phone with me. He said that right now he could get 300+ for our rooms (which is exactly why I booked FIVE months in advance) so he couldn't budge on the price. So I told him to fuck off, I literally said 'you need to fire your employees and fuck off' and that was it. We're staying here because we have no other choice but I will never ever go back here again and I hope nobody else does either. What a bunch of crooks.
They gave us the wrong room. Room service was bad and overpriced. There were dirty towels in our bathroom. House cleaning woke us up early in the morning. They charge Ten Dollars to make coffee in your room. The clientele was trashy. This place sucked.. I liked seeing the largest gold nugget in the world, though!
Cant give NO stars. Stayed off the strip and paid for it, through the nose! Service is horrible, and food is inedible. Tried to stay off the strip and paid in more ways than one. Will NEVER make that mistake again!
My girlfriend was a long time patron of the Golden Nugget, and saved up for our first 3-day/2-night romantic vacation in Vegas.  We went to the Chart House in the hotel for a fancy dinner our first night, and decided to go back to our room in the Carson Tower, because we had quite a few to drink all day.  That night between the hours of midnight to 4am while we were asleep in bed, someone came into our room and robbed us.  They stole the cash from my wallet, slot machine stubs, and her brand new Mac Book Pro on financing for 12 months.  She only had it for 1 month so far.  The front door was left ajar as we went to open it.. . When we realized what had happened, we immediately went to the front desk to request another room as a security guard came to take our statement while packing our bags.  We then went to the Las Vegas Metro Police station to report the stolen laptop with the serial number.  My girlfriend was a wreck, and couldn't stop crying.  We felt violated as to someone bold enough to come into our rooms while we were sleeping.  We suspected that it could have been someone on that same floor and hallway, being that it was close to the end of the hallway and exit stairwell at the end.  We figured on each end of the hallway are dome security cameras, and they can check the footage between those hours. . . The hotel and the police department disregarded us, as we kept complaining to check the security tapes.   We asked to directly talk to the manager, and they would send a security guard (older man in his 70's) who is oblivious to the event.  We stayed for an extra day to try to connect to anyone who can help at the hotel.  They could only give us a $20 discount for the extra day.  My girlfriend is still traumatized by the events, and I am frustrated that the Golden Nugget just didn't care to react.  Our whole trip was ruined, as we felt paranoid staying in our room.  We will never go back to the Golden Nugget again, and presume that the hotel security cameras are fakes.  They kept on giving us the run-around, because they probably don't have the footage to make a case.
It looks beautiful in here but I have to caution you: if you have allergies to tobacco or smoke turn around and run the other way. They do NOT I repeat do not guarantee a non-smoking room. Supposedly it, and I quote, "Depends on availability." Which is crap since they know what's available based on the reservations that come in. They literally forced me to take a smoking room when I am highly allergic to tobacco. Let's just say I am not thrilled and will never be returning.
I would have loved to give Golden Nugget 4-5 stars however the mess that their accounting department had made is completely unprofessional and unacceptable. . . For downtown standards, this is a nice hotel. Great pool, nice bars and walking distance to some of the best people watching. The staff was nice and the facilities clean. The room we got in Carson tower was nice, but the beds a little small. I really have no complaints about my actual stay there. The aftermath of my stay is where the problems begin.. . After downgrading rooms, I was owed a refund which was credited to my bank account which came through shortly after my stay. Two weeks later a pending charge hit my account for the same amount that was refunded to me. I called GN to get an itemized receipt and ask why I was being charged and the associate I spoke to told me that it was actually a credit. Huh? I know.. . It hit my account as a charge and when I called to find out what happened, I was told that there was a glitch in the system the day I checked out and that I was actually refunded twice, but the second refund wouldn't actually be visible in my bank account but the bank would be able to see it. HUH? I KNOW. Sounded like some f*ckery to me too. . . So what the GN basically told me was that I was credited with phantom money and they were taking said phantom money back. I feel terrible for the associates who helped me because it's not their fault, they're just messengers dealing with a horribly crappy situation, but this was completely unprofessional and worst of all fraudulent.  It just doesn't even make sense and is  just bad business.. . Shame on you Golden Nugget.
EDIT2: They charged my card AGAIN. I have now been charged four times for a one night stay. I've put a charge block on my card. Here's the saga on Vegas Chatter: http://www.vegaschatter.com/story/2012/9/4/162713/3521/vegas-travel/If+You+Stay+At+Golden+Nugget%2C+Keep+An+Eye+On+Your+Credit+Card+Statements. . EDIT: So, I'm fresh back from my stay this weekend and here's the rest of the story.. . A representative from The Golden Nugget called me on Friday and explained their billing software was not jiving well with AMEX and that's why the double charge again. He then told me I would receive $300 off the bill when I checked in.. . Flash forward to Saturday (my check-in day) - my husband and I check-in with surly employees at the VIP lounge, go upstairs, have a lovely stay in our suite. . . Then we checked out this morning and THAT's where the issues come up.. . The employee who checked me out informed me we were booked to stay until 9/3. I replied to her that we had only booked one night. She then said, "Well, whoever booked this online booked two nights. If you want to check out today there will be a $50 early check-out fee.". . I simply replied, "No." She did some typing and then, lo and behold, we didn't have to pay the fee anymore.. . I am utterly AGHAST at the amount and degree of billing errors I have experienced in booking one night with The Golden Nugget. From reading other reviews here, I believe this to be a systemic and reoccurring issue in this casino and hotel. . . I'll be calling the number of the gentleman who promised me everything would be fine during my stay to alert him to this. Even though I received a reduced rate, I cannot in good conscience recommend anyone give these people their billing information.. ________________________________________ . . I wish I could give this hotel NO stars. . . The Golden Nugget has now charged me $530 TWICE for a stay I haven't even HAD yet! Watch your credit card if you decide to give them any of your information. . . The first time was when I originally booked my stay in July. I noticed a duplicate charge on my AMEX and called them about it. I was informed they had double charged almost everyone that day and were working on getting people refunds.. . They did refund me but then.... . On August 27 (two days ago), I received ANOTHER CHARGE for $530 on my AMEX from The Golden Nugget, THIS time it was filed under "Specialty Retail," which a customer rep told me meant someone had charged my card in one of their shops. I haven't even stayed there yet, so this means someone has either taken down my info and used my card to charge something or they have a dangerous glitch in their accounting system.. . I informed them of this and after more than 20 minutes on hold, I received NO apology, no compensation, nothing. They told me I have to talk to their accounting department. The hotel manager (Roxanne Yun) said they could do nothing for me and that she "had no knowledge" of the SECOND duplicate charge on my card.. . Basically, they told me since it didn't show up on their screens (which, why would it? It's not attached to my reservation. It's a charge on my card from an unauthorized purchase in the gift shop.) it does not exist to them and they can do nothing for me.. . I offered to send them statements, written instructions, etc. and she repeated to me that I would just have to talk to accounting. . . Again, I would not recommend you give these people your credit card information. I'm reporting them to the FTC tomorrow morning.
Golden Nugget deserves 1 star when you have to pull a couch cushion off of the sofa to put in the bathroom to get some peace and quiet sleep.  I'm not proud of it and it's a first for me, but sleeping in the bathroom was about the only place I could get some rest.  Had the front desk only informed me that the music and noise coming from Fremont Street Experience was so loud that it penetrates the walls of the Rush Tower hotel rooms facing it, I would have elected to go on the opposite side of the tower.  I was here on business, not by choice, and got the short end of the stick.  People staying here be warned: if you are in the new Rush Tower facing  Fremont Street, the music plays full volume until 3:00am and literally penetrates the windows and walls.  Putting your hand against either of them will reveal the pulsating beats and low-end frequencies of the music being blasted from 100 feet away.  I'm not being elderly about it- I'm in my 30's and enjoy loud concerts....just not when I'm trying to sleep.  . . I was compensated 1 night free for my troubles (stayed a total of 2 nights).  I'll say that the rooms in the new Rush Tower are nice and hold their own against any of the newer 3 star hotels on the Vegas Strip.  But what good is a nice room if you can't enjoy it?. . Customer service was the worst experience I have ever had at any hotel.  When I called at midnight willing to change my room for another, nobody at the hotel was willing to help.  I complained that I was never given a notice about how much noise would be pushing through the wall and it was only met with a mere "well, this is Vegas and the city never sleeps" attitude.  I call B.S..  I've stayed in most of the major hotels lining the strip and have never had an issue with outside noise.  The next day the manager on duty, Orion, told me and my group of 20 business administrators that "he would not" allow us to speak to the General Manager, Brett, because he did not want to bother the GM with an issue like this.  I really can't believe that the words out of his mouth were "I will not do that for you."  Nice customer service.  He said that in front of a large group of us at the front desk.  This is what we in the business world say should be a "never event."  As in, me and my group of 20 administrators will never be back to the Golden Nugget based on the poor customer service.  I hope Brett puts a check on the attitudes of the managers because it makes the hotel experience awful and reflects poorly on the hotel management.  . . My 2nd night they conveniently found me a room facing the opposite way as Fremont Street.  At night it was peaceful, quiet, and the way it should be.  . . Thanks for comping me one night, though. It was my company's money and at least Orion admitted that my guest experience was not acceptable.  I told him to pass on to Brett that the Golden Nugget should start giving a disclaimer to all guests to warn them about the excessive noise that comes through the wall.  He said that it was "a great idea" and I'm sure that he was lying.  I bet he never brought it up again.  The fact is that the Golden Nugget is just not a guest friendly hotel at this time.  Maybe a change in staff attitude would help put the bow on an otherwise pretty package.
Stopped in for a drink at the Bar next to the Cashier Cage and to play some video poker.   It isn't much fun being ignored by the bartender who doesn't give a hoot about his job or the guests who sit at "his" bar.  (He must truly believe it is his bar the way he behaves while on duty!)    Three of us must have waited 10 minutes before he would even acknowledge us because he was busy chatting at the end of the bar not two steps from us with someone who already had drinks.  He walked by us three times at a turtle slow pace and still wouldn't glance at us purposely ignoring us.  Heard him mumbling and grumbling about his patrons in a disgraceful manner.  . . I could go on but don't wish to bore you any longer.  The fact of the matter is.... I don't care to gamble at the Golden Nugget on Fremont ever again because of this terrible employee of theirs.
Shitty
Dirty, inconsiderate and unhappy place. We went there on the day before new years. I could go on how this is not a place to bring kids. People are walking around everywhere with drinks and cigarettes. It is loud in the rooms. A lot of women that are "professionals" seem to be visiting the rooms.. But it gets worse. The first room we were in had popcorn kernels on the floor. We could live with that. But at about midnight sewer water from the floor above starts to drip into our room.. We called the lobby and asked for a new room. A maintenance guy got there in 10 minutes and was aggressive in coming into our room and looking at the damage. But getting us a new room was a very low priority. It took them over an hour to get us a new room, That is only because I called every 10 minutes. We had to move the bags ourselves as the bellhops did not expect a big tip from aggravated people with sewer water all over them.. While walking across the hotel to our new room we stepped over something that was probably puke.. They offered no compensation, and only a half hearted apology.. We ate in their cafe too, My wife had a hair in her food, and later on I got sick from what I ate there (Spinach fritata). I simply think the 4 Star rating of this hotel is a fraud. It is less quality than Circus Circus and much more expensive.
On Super Bowl weekend 2013 my husband and I stayed at the Golden Nugget in room 19117. The following day, Saturday, we decided to go check out the Red Rock Hotel.  We left our room at approx. 10:00 am and placed the privacy please sign on the door. We were out of the room until approx. 5:00pm. During that time my jewelry box was stolen. When I contacted the security dept. a gentleman came to our room and took a report in a very small piece of paper that didn't appear to be very official. He did explain that Loss Prevention would be in contact with us in 5-7 days. When we contacted the Loss Prevention Dept. later the following week he informed us that according to their records there had been some activity in our room while we were away. I asked why someone would enter our room when the privacy please sign was hanging on the door. The gentleman I spoke with told me that someone could have removed the sign while passing by and we had no proof that the sign was there. I explained that when my husband and I returned to the room that evening the sign was still on the door. He told me that the person who entered the room had a "stellar" reputation and was a long time employee with no complaints. I guess the question is why did they steal my jewelry regardless of weather the sign was on the door or not, which it definitely was. Why would someone enter my room without cleaning it, changing the towels etc. There was no signs that anyone had entered the room other than to take the jewelry box. Since the value of the jewelry was quite expensive they have failed to take any responsibility for the employee responsible... Hopefully LVPD will take some action and find the guilty employee. What a horrible experience!
Only one night in out of four and I'm deciding to check out of the Golden Nugget for one of the most disheartening and disappointing experiences as a customer and guest I've had in a long time.. . I went up to the Hideout Bar by the pool (the "grown-ups area" separate from the main pool deck).  For those of you who don't know, the lower pool area is open to all guests and is much more family and kid friendly - great for them and I'm glad they're having fun, but I'm 27 and single, and I was looking for a place to relax, enjoy a couple beers and read a book without being trampled by kids.  I asked to rent a $20 lounge chair, they said they were sold out and all they had were $100 "day beds".  I then asked if I could just sit at the bar, as only two out of probably twenty seats were taken.  They told me no because that was hotel policy.  I was pretty shocked - I'm paying a lot of money to stay here and I can't go sit at a nearly empty bar that's open and enjoy the facilities I've paid to have access to?. . What was even worse was my talk with the manager, Julio.  I asked why the policy was in place so that maybe I'd understand where the hotel was coming from, and he said - and I quote - "I don't want to tell you why we have that policy."  I can tolerate a lot of things, but a hotel that treats a guest that poorly will never have my money again.  I'm packing up and going elsewhere so no more of my vacation time is wasted here.
Negative 0 stars !!!( I had to rate the place but they dont deserve a single star!!) two words BED BUGS!!! I stayed at the rush towers and came home with bites all over my arms and bacck and one of the stupid critters made it to my toilettries bag. I am so disgusted with this place. My arms and back are an itchy mess. Room is under investigation, howevver I was not guaranteed even a refund for this horrific inconvenience.
The pool was foul.  Yes, there is a water slide and a shark tank... but you have to swim through the disgusting, murky water to check out either of them.  There is an adult only pool which should be called the kiddie pool because it's small... but you have to pay to rent a lounge chair just enter that area.  Did i mention there were cigarette butts floating in it?  The bed in our suite gave us neck cramps and the sheets/pillows smelled like mold.  Never again!
Wow!  After years of down economy, the Golden Nugget has decided to start a $5 fee for it's guests to help pay it's share of the Fremont Street Experience show.. . Citing what many of the Strip properties get away with, they justify the fee to it's guests.  Without any question, the GN is the nicest property Downtown, and thus the issue.. . It's Downtown guys, not the strip....The Fremont Expereince has probably saved many of the properties by getting people to come take in the free show.  What percentage of those guests park, see the show and then immediately leave?  Probably not too many.  Most will drink, shop, oh and maybe gamble while there, dontcha think?. . Let me give you my two cents:. You feel you need to be the first to put in a fee?  Think the others will follow?  Do yourself a favor if you are not bringing in enough revenue, just build it into your room rates, not as an additional fee.  Which will be better received?  Hellllloooo?  Duh.. . Start with the fee?  You just lost a fan and a guest, out of principle I will never stay, shop, eat or gamble in your house.  Why bother?  Lots of other casinos in the area that are less stuffy, a little more roomy,  and are more affordable in the drinks area.  Whoever thought of this one should be canned.  Be smarter.
Took my wife and parents here in Early May and it was awful this time. I was shocked.  Smelly crab legs, and overall quality had gone downhill. I'd rather pay 10-20 more on a meal and leave happy and satisfied than save a little cash. Too bad as I really liked this place the year before.
Rude staff including some managers. The buffet restaurant is really nasty. Will not stay at this ever again.
First off, I really wanted to stay at this hotel ever since I visited it years prior.  I finally got the chance due to a special rate...not a wise choice.  Granted I stayed at the old tower but it seemed a little run down.  The room was very mediocre and had a weird smell. I can't believe there was no fridge! I just felt like I was getting nickled and dimed all over the place....internet ($12.99 per day/per device), gym ($20.00 per day). I think I would just preferred it all getting rolled up into a resort fee. . . The only reason I gave it 1 star is because the pool was pretty cool with the fish/shark tank and the big slide.  However, the patrons there were not cool.  There was already a long line to go on the slide and people kept cutting in line...ummm...ok. It just felt too over crowded and not fun.. . Also, we had a really bad experience with the elevator. One the day that we checked out. There were a whole bunch of people in the elevator (maybe like 8-10 people). Me and my man friend were the last people to get off the elevator. However, as we were getting off, the elevator started going back up...with the doors OPEN! OMG....Golden Nugget....if you're reading this...this is a HUGE LIABILITY!! Can you imagine what would've happened if someone got caught in the elevator just as it s going back up?!? Luckily we got out safe and we just had enough. . . Bottom line, stay on the strip. The hotels are nicer and the people are more attractive. I would never stay at this hotel again.
This place is a dump. The worst customer service we've ever experienced. First we get welcomed with the news that there s a $5.00 a day "Fremont Experience" fee.  We could care less about $5.00, but this was not disclosed at the time of reservation.  We were told that the fee was to cover the Fremont Experience out the front door, which We might add, is the street in front of the hotel, a PUBLIC street!!  Get to our dark and extremely dated room in the Carson Tower, which hasn't received a renovation since Sinatra headlined here. In room water: $7.00, in room coffee $10.00.  Really?  The hotel pool was closed on Saturday, due to a haz-mat problem.  We were disappointed as we had planned to spend the day by the pool. Called the "assistant general manager" Julio, who explained the problem, and we were only offered late check out the next day. Not much, considering we had a 815am flight Sunday morning. Obviously declined.  Called back to ask for some sort of compensation, still waiting......... Julio finally called back after over an hour, and said there was NOTHING he would do to compensate us for ruining our day. The uncaring and apathetic staff here are unbelievable! . Final slap in the face, I go down to run boarding passes for flight, find out there is a $5.00 charge...to run a boarding pass???!!!  There are no comment cards in rooms, I wonder why????. Like I sad, a DUMP, and an absolutely insulting experience.
This place is overhyped. The decor in the Rush tower is nice, I'll give them that. But at over $100/night, its way out of line with other recently renovated downtown hotels. Try the Plaza or D.  The casino itself was a total rip off.  I've never come across tighter slots in my life. Most casinos will toy with you for a while before they take your money, but the GN just saps the fun out of the air immediately. There was no excitement in the atmosphere, and everyone just seemed pissed off. Not a good sign for the overall odds. I would never recommend this casino or hotel to anyone.
Let me preface this by saying, I used to live in Las Vegas and my family still does, and this used to be the "go-to" spot for locals to have a "staycation". This is what we were doing when we last rented a room in June. I apologize for the great detail, but I want you to understand what a horrific experience we had.. . Our reservation was for one night to celebrate my sister's 21st birthday. We had two rooms, and pulled up together with our bags in tow to the valet. We waited for about 5 minutes, and were finally approached by a valet attendant, who aggressively asked what we were doing there. We stated that we have reservations and were there to check in. He responded with a very robotic and rude, "Show me your bags or your reservation." We told him we had our bags in the trunk, and he continued to be aggressive. I understand they probably have a lot of people taking advantage of the valet service, however, as soon as he realized that we were not one of those people, he should have turned that attitude off. He did not. . . As I started to unload my things and my baby, I asked for a caddy to tote our luggage on. They told me I am not allowed to use it. I had to ask why before they would offer me a baggage attendant that would help me. When the baggage attendant approached, I was really hoping he would turn things around. I was sadly disappointed. I loaded our bags onto the caddy, and he was writing, and had never said anything to me or my group, so I assumed we were finished. I proceeded to head inside. He came after me about 3 minutes later, and held his hands out and asked, "How am I going to get these to you if you don't wait a minute?" I followed him back out to the valet area. He then accosted me for placing an item on the luggage caddy that wasn't "in a proper bag" (it was a box of crackers...) and he rolled his eyes and grabbed a plastic bag and placed the crackers in the bag. He then asked me to count my bags. I did, and I reported the number. He began to explain that the bags could take up to an hour to get to our room, and that me taking them myself was still not an option. In that case, I decided I would need my diaper bag. I removed it from the caddy, and he rolled his eyes again and proceeded to dramatically rip up the ticket and said "We need to count again." He then proceeded to tell me that when I got to the room, I would need to call them to bring the bags up. I asked him to just send them now, since we were on our way out, and he said "We don't do that. You have to be there to accept them." When I finally was released by the baggage king, we headed to our rooms to "accept" our bags that they wouldn't allow us to take by ourselves. I waited on hold for 4 minutes before anyone answered and they demanded a code that was on my paper. I had a baby in my arms, so I asked them to look it up by our room number or reservation since our last name had been taken, but they said they required the code. I told them to wait a second so I could dig it out, and they told me I would have to call back when I was ready.... . The rest of the experience continued in that direction. We made a point to avoid all restaurants, bars and gambling in the Golden Nugget since the experience had been so consistent. There is clearly some type of management issue that the staff is not happy with, and as a customer, I felt it. We will not be returning, and we have recommended that our friends and family avoid it as well. We were extremely disappointed, and I really wish I had thought to get names of the people that were so incredibly rude.
On August 6, 2013, our laptop and iPad3 were stolen from our hotel room at the Golden Nugget, Las Vegas. We are still waiting for a response from the hotel regarding how they will address this situation. Yesterday, we left a message for them to call us, but they have not returned our call. We have been long term customers, and are very disappointed in their lack of concern as well as servicing issues that we encountered during this visit.
This was a really low budget hotel. Staff and managers are really unprofessional. Rooms are dirty and smell bad. Even when house keeping came to clean they didn't clean right...there was hair from the people that stayed before us left in the bathtub and on the sink. The bathroom smelled like urine. And the sheets smelled really bad. The bathtub kept getting clogged. The staff and managers at the front desk didn't have the right customer service skills and argue with customers. I would never stay here again! Pay more and get better service.
Stayed at GN for a weekend visit with my GF.  This hotel is terrible with even worse service. They advertise free valet but we could not get in as they were full And ended up parking in Bridger St lot 3 blocks away. Management just gave us some lame excuse but no real help. The room was nice but slightly dated. No refrigerator microwave. And the room was not really clean.  We found dirty clothes in the couch cushions. Also got charged a Fremont charge. Would not stay here again.
The bathtub in our room was full of water, hair and dirt when we arrived.  If you are looking for a clean room, this is definitely not the hotel for you.
Yea...no.  First time staying at this hotel, and likely my last.  Hubby recommended we stay here during a large family gathering where everyone was staying downtown.  I had never stayed downtown and they assured me that Golden Nugget was the best in Downtown.  . . I had called ahead to request a non-smoking room with a king bed.  When I checked in, they asked me if I wanted 1 or 2 beds and smoking or non-smoking.  Why did I even call if it's not noted somewhere?  Whatever, I told them again, and the lady said they didn't have any non-smoking rooms available with a king bed.  sigh. Fine.   We were only staying 1 night anyway and we were in a rush to meet up with the family.. . Get up to our room, put our stuff down, and leave the room.  Don't get back up to the room until pretty late, so we just crash.  Wake up the next morning to shower, and find...stuff in the shower.  STUFF (see pic). . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/golden-nugget-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-3?selected=kDootJ5m0u_--uaAJ1hnsQ#x4UOCGfd9n0OBlNszRzhWg. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/golden-nugget-hotel-and-casino-las-vegas-3?selected=kDootJ5m0u_--uaAJ1hnsQ#ZXVZ3-FLo0ZnrrdNM66M5g. . EWWW what is that?  I don't know, but I'm not touching it.  needless to say, I did not shower.. . Check-out, I tell the guy behind the counter.  He gives a weak apology and says he really can't do anything about it, and would take a note down so that maybe in the future I could get an upgrade.  What?  Why would I want to stay there again?  To be fair though, I really don't think he had much power in the situation, but bleh.  Not happy.
It was my 13 year anniversary and my wife and I decided to stay here to celebrate. What a nightmare. First when I checked in the front desk clerk "Wade" was unprofessional and did not provide excellent service. I was told by the front desk manager they did something special for my anniversary and they did nothing. What a disappointment. We decided to eat at the buffet......that was terrible. The food quality was below standard and was highly over priced for a thursday.  We paid $43.00 and honestly that was about $15.00 to high. We requested to have 3 extra pillows in the room and they never showed up. More disappointment. Sadly we sweat all night in the room because the air conditioner did not work correctly. The engineer "Wes" stated the A/C was working fine and there was nothing he could do. The room stayed a constant 90 degrees. Front desk refused to change our room. Everytime I called the front desk the operator would cut me off mid sentence. How unprofessional is that. What a complete disappointment.  The only thing nice at this hotel is the pool. Thanks to the Golden Nugget my 13 year anniversary was spoiled by lack luster service and terrible quality. Take my advice stay somewhere else anywhere would be better.
Heard this was the best place downtown.......ahhh NOT.  Pool of blood in bath tub upon check in with pubic hair  on wash cloth and sink. Wife threw up. Told staff and they said would you like another room like it was no big deal. Well pretty much sick by this point. Never again  screw this place and to he'll with Vegas.
Negatives:. 09/13 2 Double's in Gold a tower stay:. *Giant living Japanese roach x 1! (Was credited 1 night stay but I booked thru Priceline so I won't hold my breath). *A/C broken and moved me and my same sex friend into a King room w/tiny bathroom as they had filled up and had no remaining double beds while we waited for A/C repair. (Was credited $100 for inconvenience). *valet drove my car up to me with a complete flat and flashing Check Engine/Tire alert that I noticed immediately but apparently common sense evaded the Valet Mgr and he drove it on my rim!  They did pump it up and gave me directions to a nearby tire shop that did fix it for $15, my out of pocket.  The screw had gone completely through the other side of the tire since they drove it Flat!!!!  Call to Valet Mgr Nick went like this....."on your valet ticket it clearly states we are not responsible for any damages incurred while your vehicle is in our possession!  Would you like to file a claim with security? That process will take about an hour"!!! I have pics!. *great pool & slide. . 09/13 Gold Tower Chairman's apartment balcony jacuzzi suite stay:. *Giant living Japanese roach x1! I have pics!!!. *3 broken toilets ran ALL night. *amazing balcony jacuzzi that they told us was off limits but...(who could resist and why????!). . . I will never stay here again unless I'm broke and Want to sleep w/roaches!!!!
2 weeks after being promised a credit for 1 night, still nothing!!!  Was on the phone over 45 minutes with no results....
This is the most disgusting hotel I've been to in my life. I booked a suite here because I wanted to take my son to their pool ...the "suite" is a joke, especially for Vegas standards. It is literally just two regular rooms, adjoined by a door, except one room is missing the bed and they call that a livingroom. No wonder I couldn't find any photos of their suites. Didn't have a choice but to stay here for one night but you can bet I canceled the rest! The lobby is literally riddled with crackheads and degenerates. . . I guess this is why people don't stay in downtown Las Vegas.. . . The next morning, we decided to make the best of things and still go to the pool...  Well, we got there at 10am and there was NO WHERE to sit, and an obscene amount of people. The pool is tiny, and looked no where as cool as it does online. . . What a disappointment. Oh one good thing though... The hotel next door (walkable distance) had the most amazing buttermilk pancakes I've ever tasted. I would go back for them in a heartbeat.
I understand that Golden Nugget could care less about my business with millions of people visiting every year and spending multi multi millions (billions) at their casino, but I still feel the need to express my dissatisfaction with my recent visit (actually still here).  To not go on and on I did place a few tips for you to read. The most horrible experience happened last night...so here is my warning.. . If you are a female and plan on coming here with your girls beware of your surroundings! My friend and I were harassed by homeless? Guys begging us for money while we were playing at a slot machine. When we told him we did not have any money he pointed to our screen and said "you have $80" and proceeded to insist we cash out and give him money. We told him "no", waited and cashed out and left very uncomfortable as we were walking away 2 other guys (possibly with the first) started to follow us. We sprinted to security who was less than helpful.  Unfortunately this is a theme throughout the entire casino staff.   If you are looking for a safe place to stay look elsewhere!
I was SO DISAPPOINTED on my recent visit.. . I've been coming to this hotel for YEARS.  Always had great service.  This was my first stay back in 2 years and I couldn't believe how poor it was.. . First of all, the wait to check it was so long.  There was hardly anyone in line but there was only 2 check-in counters.  Not to mention- what's the point in having a check-in desk near the Carson Tower if it's ALWAYS CLOSED.. . Second of all, the check-in girl was SO RUDE.  We asked if there were any upgrades available and she flat out said no- didn't even bother looking in the computer and I know for a fact that this wasn't a busy weekend because I booked the room a few days before.. . The worst thing about this recent visit was parking.  There was NO PARKING even for hotel guests.  I don't know what wasgoing on but the parking structure didn't even bother to put up the sign "for hotel guests only" until it was too late.  Even worse was the attitude we got from everyone.  The parking attendant was incredibly rude and said in a matter-of-fact-tone, "well if you check the website, you'll see that parking isn't guaranteed."  REALLY!?!  My bf spent the next 45 minutes driving around to the 'recommended' alternative parking structures at Four Queens and Binions.  They got mad at him because GN told him to try to park over there.  In the end, we had to pay for parking over at the ghetto Plaza lot.  Please explain to me why I, a hotel guest, should have to drive around the block several times then pay for parking at another hotel.  What is up with that?!?!. . In addition, the lady at the 24 Karat club gave me an attitude when I requested a replacement card.  Again, I haven't been here in 2 years!  Now I am seriously wondering why I bothered to stay at GN... I am so disappointed in the staff and service.  The casino is also smoky and cramped- the sports bar lacks decent seating.. . The only plus [and reason why GN gets ONE star from me] is that the rooms are pretty clean and nice for what you pay for.  HOWEVER!!! our room had mold and rust in the bathroom.  Pretty gross.. . Golden Nugget- what happened to you?!  I was going to have my next Vegas trip here and bring all my friends for the pool.  Now you're making me think I should go back to the strip.
HOLY CRAPBALLS was my time here wasted! If it wasnt for the pool I might have burned to death. I made the mistake of going on the 4th of July. The sink didn't drain and neither did the bathtub! The hotel was booked so we couldnt get moved. Then AC wouldnt crank down to even a comfortable temperature so we spent most of the weekend at the pool with the rest of the hotel it seemed. The one star is for the pool and the pool alone. The pool is VERY awesome! Also, we stayed in the Carson Tower, when we left to the strip for a bit we returned to a full garage. No biggie, we just went to the Rush Tower and surprise surprise they were full too. We had to end up paying to park in a lot that cost us 10 bucks and that was at least a mile away. With 2 kids, thats not a fun trip. I will not be staying there again unless it was free!!
VERY DISAPPOINTING EXPERIENCE!!  When I checked in at 4:00P.M. I was told the room I reserved was not available.  Only 2 double beds were available.  If I still wanted the King bed I reserved, I would have to pay $20 more per night!!!  I refused.  They gave me a room in the Carson Towers (rm 5121).  The sound and picture on the TV did not sync on some of the channels.  Then during the night there was SOOOO much truck noise...pretty constant.  The room itself was ok, but NOT what I had reserved.  I would NOT recommend this hotel as they should have "comped" me the room that they wanted $20 more per night!!  Their website does not let you comment on your stay...I guess they don't REALLY want to know!!
This review is for the Golden Nugget Poker Room only.  . . My wife and I both play Hold' Em and were excited to hear that the room had recently been redone and had gotten good reviews. We were, to say the least, disappointed.  . . While not unfriendly, the dealers seemed to be bored most of the time. The room is poorly lit and the lights tend to reflect off the cards so that it is hard to see the board without shifting around. Sometimes I actually had to get out of my seat to see all the cards.. . In one instance, the dealer "assumed" that I had checked when the action was to me and let other people behind me act. When I told the dealer about his error, he appeared rather miffed that I was upset.. . We will not be back.
Terrible service and total lack of hospitality.. We were sitting in the Ice Bar when the Bar Back knocked my drink over. He informed the Bartender. We then went up to the bar to order another drink and was told that we were sh*t outta luck because we didn't purchase the drink from her.. As a local we will never return and will make sure to let our friends know what terrible service we received
