Ok here goes.....brace yourselves....it might not be pretty..... . This place is freaken disgusting. Who wants to go to a club were it's so crowded you feel like standing sardines, risk getting elbowed in the face and have nasty  drunk girls look like they are doing the Buddhas on the walls??? I get that clubs get crowded and there are drunks but this was just a health code violation AND a fire hazard. Even with VIP it sucked. The music was great tho...couldn't get a drink and didn't really bother after witnessing the madness that surrounded me. . . OMG and what was up with the line to the bathroom????? Day-Um!!!!. . I thought clubs in Vegas were suppose to be on and poppin??? WTF!!!. . Here's a solution: DON"T LET EVERYONE IN THE CLUB ALL AT ONCE!!!. If Yelp had zero or half a star that's what this place would get.. . Save your money and time and head over to Xs in Encore and Pure in Aria....now those are clubs!!!!
Gross.  . A dump.. Go to XS, much classier.
This place deserves no stars.  I was in line for an hour with three friends, finally we got to the front and they let two of my friends and myself in.  They told my other friend to wait.  I politely asked if he would be allowed to get in if not we would just leaave because we were a group.  The bouncer rudely yelled at me to stand to the side.  I did as he said and he kept yelling at me to stand to the side.  Finally we just left. There is no reason to be disrespectful especially when we did nothing wrong.  Not worth the money for the shitty treatment.
This review will help those who are considering getting a table.. . I made reservations for a table with the club days ahead. . Getting a table has its advantages. Don't have to wait in line and you have a place to sit an lounge plus room to dance.. The table they sat us at was upstairs. . I would not recommend one of these tables. You are totally cut off from the crowd and the dance floor. . After about an hour we noticed the table next to the girl flower tub and dance floor was available. We had them relocate us to this table. . Which was quickly and easily done.. The location was great.. . Ok now for the reasons I gave this club a one star.. The pricing of the bottles was grossly overpriced. $650.00 for a $50.00 bottle. Thats really ridiculous.. One of the biggest problems I have is the girl that was hosting our table.. She was talking to me with a stripper personality. She was asking me where I was from. Once I said LA she continued to ask me if I wanted to get together next time she is in LA. I was there with my girl friend. The hostess didn't care and kept talking to me to get my contact info.. I felt this was totally unprofessional.. When I payed the final bill, she was persistent that she get my contact. I still rejected her.. They automatically put gratuity on the bill. I Ok'ed it and then gave her additional 100 dollar bill. She then said to me that she has to share the tip with the fellow that was helping clear our table. I couldn't believe what I was hearing. . I asked her; "I am sorry, what was that?" . She said again that she has to split the tip. I was in shock.. I just turned away. . Very unprofessional.. After that I knew that these employees are trained to treat their customers and squeeze as much as you can out of them. This girl was hitting on me only to try and get more.. After the night was over I had spent $4000.00 on the tables.. We left at 3am and some of our friends wanted to stay. . After we paid our bill and left, the staff was very rude to my friends and before the club closed I found out the next morning that my friends were kicked out of the club for reasons that are not acceptable. They were only dancing in the seated area and talking to girls and gave my friends problems. One of my friends was actually pulled to a secluded back room. Once they found out that he is a police officer, all my friends were ejected from the club.. I think they had some other kind of plans for him by bringing him back to that room.. . Another situation that happened during our time was that this party was all for a friends 21st birthday party. My friends parents had joined us. Now my friends parents are a little older, but they have every right to be there.. His mother was talking to the girls in the tub and one of the girls said to her.. "Why are you here lady, you're too old to be here". Shocking!. My friends mother pretty much told her off and the girl in the tub struck her with her fist.. Security came over and pulled the girls from the tub. . . I agree with all the other reviews.. The club was over crowded.. The club was very hot in temperature.. The line outside was very long.. Yes, being a guy. I had to wait in line to use the bathroom. . . Would I recommend this club? Absolutely not!. I would recommend going to Tryst or XS.. . I think the biggest problem with this club is the management.. Training their staff to try and squeeze as much as they can from their patrons.
If being pushed, shoved side to side, not dancing freely, waiting forever by the bar, having your feet stepped on, having people you had recently told  "no thank you, but I don't want to dance with you" keep coming back to try to dance with you, having the same type of music play over and over, your idea of a good time...then this place is for you!. . TAO is truly one of the most overrated clubs in Vegas. It honestly is not what it tries to portray itself to be. Sure, it's lovely but that's probably it. Small and overcrowded dance floors are definitely a no go for a good time. I wonder why The Venetian ever allowed it to establish itself here. It's like it's partner, LAVO, it really is not one of the greatest spots in Vegas to go out dancing. . . The good thing, for ladies, is that there is an open bar up until 10:30 pm! So, I would recommend to put yourself on the guest list, drink up, and then hit the next better clubs!
I refuse to set foot in this club again.. NEVER AGAIN!!!. I went back (for a second time) only because I got in for free for open bar.. Never intended to stay here.. But alas, circumstances did not permit that we move on to a better club that night, so we stayed.. The club is gorgeous. Drop dead gorgeous decor, but sadly not pretty enough to redeem this loser of a club.. The music is bad-- hip hop (so last decade) . I mean, if you wanna play hip hop, fine, but don't play straight hip hop for the entire time. Not everyone likes that!. DJ vice was on after- sort of saved the night, but none of this has anything to do with the 1 star rating.. . What pisses me off about this place, is that the owners/promoters completely disregard any rules about capacity.. On weekends, TAO gets SO full, it's IMPOSSIBLE to make your way to the dance floor without getting into fights/getting stepped on/molested/harassed.. I got in for free- my question to these people: Why on earth do you keep sticking people inside your club? I didn't pay to get in, I didn't pay for the drinks I had, how do you profit by having so many drunken people smashed together in one tiny place?. . I tried very hard to have fun, but it was absolutely impossible. Finally at around 1 am some drunken 30+ yr old stepped on me SO HARD that two weeks later I'm still limping and I have a bruise that covers my entire right foot.. . I blame this entirely on the owners that have no respect for a person's right to a good night and disregard the safety of everyone inside.. . I've gone to massive raves that were WAY safer than this place. . . That one star I'm giving them goes to that one cute security/bouncer guy who looked after me all night.
I go to Vegas frequently, and I've been to most of the high class nightclubs. I' ve been to Tao twice, and both times have been awful. They always way overpack this club, so you cannot move anywhere without getting elbowed, shouldered, pushed or pulled, even by the Tao staff themselves. This club treats you like cattle with cash. Drinks are very expensive, and the food in the restaurant is no better than any Asian chain, but it's 2 or 3 times the price. Don't buy the hype, there are so many better clubs nearby.
I have been here twice, and it baffles me how people even like this place.. . It's a maze, it's tiny, the DJs play the same 5 songs all night, they pack the place to the rafters, there are about 5 guys to every girl, drink prices always seem to change every time you get a drink, the bouncers are all ego maniacs who think they're king shit, and if you want to sit down you have to drop over a grand for a table.. . I think not. The only good thing was I didn't have to wait in line to get into the place either time, if I had to stand in the over an hour long line, and pay cover to get into that place I would have jumped off the 1 foot wide 8 capacity person "balcony", and hoped the gondola lake would put me out of my misery.. . This place is overrated, I highly doubt I will ever step foot in it ever again
If you are coming to Vegas as a tourist...please please please do not go to Tao.  You are wasting your time and money.  The food is worse than PF Chang's and probably borderlines with Panda Express.  If you eat dinner in the restaurant they still make you leave the property and re-enter to go into the nightclub and pay full cover.  Once inside the club, it's just horrible music and bouncer telling you that you can't stand or walk anywhere.  It's disgustingly crowded and the staff treats you like crap.  So many better restaurants and nightclub on the strip to choose from.  This place is just living off their name...
I hate this club SO much.  It is the sweatiest, nastiest, most overcrowded place ever.  After you actually get in to the club, trying to get to the dance floor involves going up stairs that are so crowded you move one step at a time completely surrounded by sweaty bodies.  The dance floor is way too small and it is impossible to dance, let alone even move.  All you really do is just stand there smashed up against other people, getting stepped on with stilettos, getting elbowed, getting pushed, getting your dress caught on other girls' jewelry, and getting other people's sweat on you.  SO disgusting.  People say the bathrooms are cool, but they are not even clean!  The way the door fogs up when you lock it is unique, but they have to have a guy check each stall before you go in to make sure people didn't do who knows what in there.  ugh.  hate this place.
I was in Las Vegas for my first time celebrating a Bachelorette party on the weekend of May 6, 2011.  At the time, I was in possession of a temporary license from the Georgia DMV because I had recently changed my last name.  In addition I had a credit card and debit card in my new married last name that matched my temporary license.  . The Friday evening of our trip, I had no problem and was never questioned about my temporary license when we went to The Bank at the Bellagio.  My group was on the list for Tao from No Worry Nights.  To my surprise, when we went to TAO on Saturday night I was not allowed access because the head of security told me that my license was "no good".  I find that incredibly surprising when I can get through airport security at Hartsfield International and it is "good enough" for a police officer in any state, but it is not "good enough" for access to a nightclub.  While we were in line, a security guy or promoter made us group with a few guys, so that the guys could get in the club.  The guys paid $200 in order to skip the line and get in with us.  However, as soon as the guys got to the head of the line, they were told that it would be an extra $30 a person.  Talk about BRIBERY AND EXTORTION!!  I had read about it happening at Tao on other websites, but I never thought I would see it first-hand.  I was appalled by the treatment of the patrons at this horrible excusefor a nightclub.  The security would not even let me get my group that went into the night club before me!  No amount of consideration whatsoever.  It was overly evident that the treatment of clients is not important at this venue.  So, I had someone behind me gather my group and we headed down to LAVO where they let us in with no hassle.  And this [LAVO] is the same nightclub from the people who run TAO?  Inconsistency in practices and policies is never a good sign to me.
Went to TAO on a Thursday night at about 11 pm. We were able to get into the "shorter" line, but it still took about 45 minutes to get in. We weren't on any kind of guest list and didn't have any passes. We were just regular in-off-the-street people.. . Good Things:. Um.... I guess we can say "we went to TAO"??. . Bad Things:. *The stairs to get up to the main floor. Not so fun if you've been drinking.. *It took me 15 minutes to find the bathroom. And I asked 2 bouncers. I'm notthat dumb; the bathrooms are impossible to find.. *WAAAAAAAAAAY too many people. I could barely move. Dance floor - could bare move. Walking from one room to another - could barely move. Bar - couldn't move at all.. *20 minutes of waiting at the bar to get 2 drinks!. *The "girls in the bathtubs with the rose petals" -- seriously? It's not hot, it's just trying too hard. The girls looked bored and it was awkward. They just sit there stroking themselves while people gawk at them. Creepy.. *The crowd was your typical, "I'm in Vegas, look at me!" crowd of 21-25 year olds. . . My boyfriend and I decided to give it a fair shot and we stuck it out for about 45 minutes (the majority of which was spent waiting at the bar and looking for a bathroom) before leaving. What a waste of $80!!!. . If you want DANCE and BREATHE and have FUN, go elsewhere. But if you want to be pushed around and smashed between large crowds of people, while staring at some chic in a bathtub, TAO is your place!
I'm not a fan of clubs, but this one takes the cake for worst club ever.. . Where should Istart? . . Our buddy made a reservation here for dinner so we can get in the club. Note, you have to spend $30 dollars at dinner to get into the club. Everyone has to order something. That's fine...since it's expensive to get into the club anyways. The bad part starts after dinner - You get a stamp on your wrist to get into the club...or so you think. When you get up the stairs to the "club" area, the bouncer tells you that's not the right stamp to get into the club. It's the stamp to get in the "fasttrack" line to get into the club. Okay... so after waiting in a short line to go upstairs and find this out from the bouncer, we head outside of the club and realize there is a pretty long line to get back into the club and get the "correct" stamp. After waiting about 30 minutes of that, its back to waiting in line on the stairs to get into the actual club area on the second floor. Keep in mind, the other line without dinner or table service DOES NOT MOVE. AT ALL. If you think you can just stroll in at its peak hour, you are SOL.. . Anyways, we finally make it to the club area - it should be all gravy right? WRONG. There is not an inch of space to move around in this overrated, overhyped, overCROWDED club! On top of that, the bouncers are telling everyone to move all the time and keep the hallways clear...but there is nowhere to move to! The way it's set up, it's a narrow hallway once you enter with the big bar on the left. You have to turn 3 corners to actually get to the dance floor. We never even made it there because we couldn't get through all the people. The bathroom lines are insane because of the overcrowding. It's impossible to get a drink since you can't tell where the lines start and where people are just standing. It's shoulder to shoulder action up in this joint. . . The funny thing about this whole ordeal is, one of the people in our party didn't have a dress shirt so he had to go back and change while we were going through this process. I guess the dress code is pretty strict. When he finally got back 40 minutes later, we were all just about to get out of there and he was pretty pissed lol. I think Alli G. put it best when she wrote:. . "If you want DANCE and BREATHE and have FUN, go elsewhere. But if you want to be pushed around and smashed between large crowds of people, while staring at some chic in a bathtub, TAO is your place!. ". . Seriously, if you want to get your dance on, this is not the place. The only reason I can think of going to TAO is to say "Yea, I've been to TAO."
This club was boo-boooooooooo! First of all, they had us climbing 20 flights of stairs only to have us come back down to the third level [a level above the restaurant]!! It was SO packed that I was unintentionally [or maybe intentionally] groped the entire frickin' night! And the people that work for the club, the ones in suits, are douche lords. [The ones in red shirts were awesome though! lol] Never going  back to this OVER-RATED ass club!!
I don't know why my group of friends do it every time, but somehow, we end up at TAO almost every trip. I've been here about 4 times, and each time I had a bad experience. . . First, the lines are ridiculously long and the bouncers are incredibly rude. We've done it all - come early, get on a guest list, bribe - and each time we get a new bad experience with the bouncers. One incident, we were early in line, on the guest list and even spoke with the manager. I was wearing a button down short sleeve shirt and dress shoes. The bouncers let us wait in line for an hour, then when we were finally getting in, he took me out of line and said I wasn't up to code. My really good friend asked to speak to the manager, and they eventually let us in, but that was absurd. When I actually went inside, I was better dressed than half the people there!. . Second, the bouncers are tricky when you get in inside. When they think you are drunk, they pretend they will give you water or give you air. Little do you know that they are actually escorting you out of the club. I definitely understand that there is a liability, but they separate you from your group and we lost a couple of people and never realized it until hours later. On top of that, I had one friend who definitely drank too much, and I was there to pick her up, but they would not allow me to. They sent her in an ambulance, and when I got to the hospital, the doctors said she wasn't even that drunk. Apparently the security at Tao are doctors and can judge when a friend can go on their own. . . Finally, the drinks are ridiculously priced, the place is way too crowded and the pictures of the Dalai Lama in on the walls are just absurd. . . Now we know the dj at Tao so we never have to wait in line or pay cover; yet we refuse to go there because of the terrible experiences.
okay whats up with the good reviews for this place? all i thought about when i entered this place was that it reminded me of my high school dance. the music was complete crap. sorry but i don't wanna hear Mariah Carey at a vegas club. rarely any seats. being that most of the girls are wearing 4inch & higher heels, walking up the stairs to enter the club is such a bitch. umm yeah never again. luckily i was on the guestlist and got in for free or else i would have been SUPER pissed.
On May 28th our group was charged roughly an additional $800 for table service. Our waitress charged us an excess of 2 additional bottles not ordered by our group. In addition she ordered her self an additional 4 drinks of champagne for herself at $23 a drink. Waitress profited generously that night since 20% tip is automatically included ($403 Tip). I talked to management with no response.   . . This overcharge was an end to a bad experience considering that we paid for VIP tickets from Vegas.com for Front of the Line entry only to find out that they had oversold these tickets and the wait was 1 hour. Our only option to get in an expedited manner was to purchase bottle service.. . Be careful with the wait staff and FOL passes.
Don't waste you're money on bottle service at Tao in a VIP section. I've seen better quality booth seating at a Denny's. $3000 to basically wait on line like everybody else. Our "roped off area" a complete joke. Tao allowed ugly fat wanna be's to hang out in our area, drink our booze and then 30 minutes after we were seated they split our section in half and sat another group. Horrible vibe from the rude staff!!! If you're going to go, just pay the regular cover, buy a drink or two, then mooch off of the classy people in their lame VIP sections.
I. HATE. THIS. CLUB.. . The only cool thing about it, is the walk up to the club. It's really freakin' awesome.. . Other than that, the club is layered in three floors. The door men are the douchiest on the Strip! (And that is saying something, especially because Criss Angel is on the Strip daily.). . The music here is lame. The people that show up here are lame. This place is also an Asian Fest. I love Asians, but if you aren't Asian, you will be waiting in line forever and ever and ever. Even if you are on the guest list.. . One reason I hate this place so damn much was that after waiting in the guest line, Kevin Federline shows up and cuts me. Are you kidding me? It I told you I fucked Britney Spears, would you let me cut too? He's not even relevant anymore. . . This place sucks more than all the Hoovers in the world combined!
This place is stupid. I hate it and you should, too.. . I've been here a few times because I got those free passes. The layout is ridiculous, and it's VERY hot in there.. . The last time that I went, my boyfriend and I were going in line (after we walked a LONG way) to be with our friends (the whole rest of our other group was already inside). Our friends in line were only like six people from the end, so it wasn't a big deal for us two to get in line with them. I moved one of the ropes to get there instead of climbing over the rope and showing everyone my pikachoo and instead of going all the way around and pushing through people. My bf climbed over.. . The short, white, little, fat, bald security guy (it'll be hard to find him because a lot of them look like that) started yelling at me for touching his precious rope. Climbing over is OK, but you best not touch his rope. . SO HE KICKED US OUT... and I was looking pretty good, too. I think that he was mad that I was taller than him... . So we tried to talk to the security manager (the shorter, black, little, fat, bald security guy), but he wouldn't even look at me in the eye because he is scared of hot girls over 5'6".. . Go somewhere better if you have any class.
They make you line up a mile long and wait till 1130 to let people in. . Doormen are assholes
Club sucks, hands down. They allow wayyy too many people inside so I can't even dougie or harlem shake, feel me? Why you mad son?. . LOL. All jokes aside, I'd rather go to Pure. Its free and at least I can dance.. . I CAN'T HOLLER AT THE HUNNIES IF THE GUARDSARE YELLING AT ME TO MOVE EVERY 2.5 SECONDS FROM THE HALLWAY WHEN THERES NOWHERE TO MOVE!!!!. . C'MON BRO.....
It was my first time going to TAO and all I can say it was the worst experience ever. TAO is such a small environment and honestly if there was a fire or earthquake it would be a disaster. The club was over capacity and they kept on allowing people in.
Super OVERRATED and way TOO CROWDED and music was the WORST!!!
This place is a fire hazard with overpriced drinks and no dance floor.. . Whats up with a lounge on the bottom floor and everyone squeezing their booties up the stairs?. . After paying $50 for males, $30 for women online, we didnt expect to pay 26 for two shots and 28 for two drinks. I would rather get drunk off my own liquor from the ABC Stores because hey now, they didnt even check my purse! HINT HINT! . . Plus, who wants to walk up flights of stairs in 5 inch heels? I don't!. . Unless you have a table and bottle service its not worth it.. . Won't be back.
James Brown is dead.  And so is Tao.. . We came here for a huge bachelor party last weekend on Saturday Labor Day Weekend.  Got about the most premium bottle service you could get.  The tables next to the slightly elevated dance floor, velvet roped.. . Full disclosure: I was kicked out for falling asleep for 20 minutes at our table, never to be let back in, so I'm a bit biased, but I'll get to that story later (and about how there was blood on the railing of the back stairs where they kick people out - a little disconcerting if you ask me - b/c it was probably from another patron).  I come to Vegas to celebrate a friend's and have a good time - not to get into a kickboxing match with a bouncer who feels the need to power trip.. . Asian brothers, or my brothers with Yellow fever, this is not the place anymore.  Just giving you the inside track.  Come here and find out for yourself, or take my word for it. Up to you.  (You know the other couple juggernauts that have taken over now - go to them).  Wish someone had told us - since we came with 25 (!) Asian guys mostly.  (And we know our white sisters are not exactly throwing themselves all over us Asian guys, now let's be honest.  :)  All good)).. . This place still gets packed.  So you will still have the same music and same massive number of people.  A few things have changed though:. . 1) Waitresses not hot.  Sorry, I know this is mean, but I say it also to give you an indication of the direction this club is heading.  The stunners (which are fun to look at at least) have moved to nicer clubs in Vegas where they get top dollars and tips.  That means this place Tao is now starting to get empty tables with no bottle service b/c the nicer crowds and hence big or loose spenders are going elsewhere.  Means less money for Tao, less money for waitresses - so they all go elsewhere.. . 2) Service here was not good.  Used to be a couple years ago the bouncers here would actually help you out with whatever you wanted.  Bring people over, kick people out, literally at your beck and call.  Not anymore.  Instead they will kick you out if you fall asleep at your OWN table where you paid $XXX per person.  I'm not talking about $100 mind you, trust me, it was a LOT.  More than I've ever spent in one night clubbing and definitely NOT worth it.  I mean, I know falling asleep for 20 minutes does not look good, but neither do your waitresses, so why don't you kick them out?  At least give me some leniency after you've fully woken me up and clearly seen that I'm stone cold sober and wide awake.  Hey, I had a long all day at Aria Liquid lounge pool party, cut me some slack.  Terrible way to treat your supposed patrons at your most VIP table.  Plus it's on my credit card, I should've refused to pay.  But a deal's a deal.  Even if it sucked, it sucked.  You win this time.  Ok, so then the bouncers coax me away from table and out our velvet roped area (my mistake in agreeing to leave our area to 'talk to him').  Then he and the other big bouncer lifted me by both elbows (note: I'm stone cold sober - assholes and injustice will sober me up real quick) and it's only 1:30am btw).  They started getting real rough with me.  Then they lifted me up one on each side by my elbows with my feet dangling, meanwhile other patrons are like 'what the fu*k is going on?'.  Then they carry me against my will outside, instead of asking nicely or letting me walk myself out.  Outside the back orange stairwell, I have to wait 45 minutes for my credit card.  Meanwhile, most disturbing is I see blood on the railway of that back stairway.  I finally ask the bouncer what happened, he said one of their guys and a patron.  Who started it, I have no clue.  All I'm saying guys, is be careful.  These guys are rough and do not fu*k around.  They will kick your ass if you give them a reason to.  To be fair, they will probably not take a first swing.  So keep your emotions in check and don't let it get the best of you - or you will be the next person to spill your own blood that night on the railway of their 'supposedly video-monitored' back stairwell (I emailed our 'host' and got a not terribly apologetic almost perfunctory copy-and-paste oh sorry you had a bad time reply).  . . Goodbye Tao.  Nice knowing ya.  . . P.S.  Tavern on the Green used to be the highest grossing restaurant.  Then you were.  Tavern on Green now closed for good.  I see a similar fate here.. . P.S.S.  My friend warned me that Tao sucked now, empty tables everywhere, but I wasn't part of the planning process, so I really had no sway.  Plus we had so many good times here in years past that I thought it couldn't have changed *that* much.  Well, unfortunately it has.
Bad service..... I was with my boyfriend and my cousin. We got in line and staff said that was the line for bottle service. So we asked were general admission should line up. They said outside. So, we went outside. There was no line. The guy who worked outside said, "sorry, we broke down the line and the line is inside." So, we went inside, and staff told us the line was outside. Again, the same guy who worked there told us the line was inside. Nobody knows what the hell is going on!!! I ended up going to the gallery at planet hollywood
I got to Vegas a lot, some where I won't go to a lot to anymore is Tao.. . First impression of the night club is that it is absolutely beautiful. The main room is massive and gives you a lot ways to party.. Unfortunately there seemed to be only 1 men's room which definitely hampered the night.. My table was in one of the side rooms which was great. The bottle prices are fair and I felt like we got a good deal until we started to see our service.. Started off great but then when things went complicated our service took a hit.. Here is what happened: one of my friends started ordering beers to accompany the bottles we had. They brought them all opened with no ice so we put them in our bucket with our bottles of vodka. The bus boy kept taking them out and putting them back on the table which was really annoying. I told him to stop and instead of explaining that itwas a health rule( which I found out much later) , he took my big bucket of ice off the table and brought back one that would only fit our bottle of vodka. I asked him to bring me some ice for the beer and he refused.. I called the server over and started to get heated about the service of the busboy and she took it as I was yelling at her. She called over security and I had them get a manager. Neither wanted to address my issue and just took it as I was disgruntled.. No one was thrown out because no reason too but I left there extremely dissatisfied. There are way to many clubs and bars in Vegas to accept bad service. I had an even worse experience at there beach party which I will be reviewing shortly and tell everyone to look around Vegas for well reviewed places based on there service. Everywhere in the desert is beautiful but the best in my opinion is based on service.
Hurry, get out.. . I attended private parties here recently on 2 consecutive nights.  While the appetizers brought around were good (the Kobe sliders were excellent), I just can't get over the fact that we were basically forced out the door as soon as each party ended on each night.. . After being treated well for 2 hours, they announce that service is now over and sweep the whole room out in less than 5 minutes.  I would say we were almost pushed out the door and down the stairs.  There was no private party lined up behind us to get in either....and I guess I can see why.
the deuschbag bouncers at this club are a f..ing joke. We had a crew of 8 and over $500 in hand just to skip the lines and was willing to pay cover on top of that and all they kept telling everyone was you had to buy a $1500 plus table or no one was geting in, and this was at 10:30 when the club was almost empty. This place is a joke. Dont waste your time. They just keep eceryone out in the area so that it looks like everyone wants to get in.  We would have ended up spending wayy more than 1500 but didnt want to be confined into one small area of such a large club. These bouncers are a bunch of idiots with no brains, just large bloated air heads. Many many mnay great clubs in town.They have forever lost my business and hopefully yours too.
TERRIBLE VIP SECURITY!. I  had a VIP table and bottle service and WAS NOT WORTH IT!!!. Too packed, too crowded in VIP and I feel even worse for the people who were stuck on the floor smashed against eachother.. . I will say, this is a very beautiful club and when Armin Van Buren headlined this weekend, the show was amazing!. But it was very hard to enjoy when you crammed like sardines at your VIP table! The security was crappy. They didnt check wristbands, so anyone could get in. But when I left to go to the bathroom, THEY DIDNT LET ME BACK IN! I had to have my friend tell them it was my table. Total BS.... . There alot of other better clubs in Vegas to check out that will give a better experience than TAO.
My review is for the night club only as well.. . I'll keep this short and sweet.. . This is my 3rd time back to TAO. The 1st visit was incredible. 2nd and 3rd - awful. Everytime I go, I get angry and vow to never return. Somehow we're always back here.. . This trip, we visited because we had free entry due to wristband's. In Vegas, you'll take free when you can get it.. . The bouncers are BEYOND rude and have no qualms yelling at you, even when you're NOT causing a stink or being rude. I was simply trying to join my friends in line and was not allowed because if he let me do it, everyone else would to. Get over yourself, Mr. Bouncer. I wasn't attempting to squeeze 15 people in line. It was just me.. . They pack patrons in here like sardines. You cannot dance let alone move. . . Ugh. . . Even though everyone I encountered on their staff were rude, I still smiled and said thank you. Did I get a smile back? No. Bouncers on power trips.
Nightclub:. Ok so my friends and I have been going to vegas since we turned 21 a few years ago and we usually make it a point to go to TAO especially if we fly in on a Thursday. Well that will not be the case any longer and here is why..  The last time we went to TAO they would not let me in. I guess they thought that my I.D. was fake or something. Now I am well over 21 and I have had this same I.D. for 3 years. The bouncer was rude and didn't tell me why he wasn't letting me in (although I could figure it out) I am a human being you could have the decency to tell me why you are being stupid and not letting me in with my I.D. Also they kept asking if I had another form of I.D. come on now, how many people really carry two forms of I.D. (and of course I wouldn't be carrying another since the I.D. was my I.D. and I did have my medical card but apparently that's not ok, but come on now why would i be carrying someone else's medical card) When I asked they said I could check with one of the head security guys and if he says the I.D. is okthen I could go in, but he didn't even really look at the I.D. so clearly there is no second chance. I will not be returning to TAO, but I am not disappointed because it's always too crowded and smokey. F*@! you TAO security
One hour wait even with VIP line. So overcrowded we could barely move, rude staff and bartenders, $13 mixed drinks plus tip, lame layout with too many jammed up walking corridors.  WAY better choices in Vegas.
Having friends that work here makes me ashamed to write this.. . When u don't have a table here, you are constantly being herded around the club by security who is disrespectful and violent at times.. . When u have a table, it's cramped, you don't even get to chat up people because no one can move.  . . There is always a line approx 5-10 min for THE MENS TOILET!. . The owners want to cram as many VIP tables in the smallest space, and the security is told unless people are ordering drinks, they are in a walkway, and have to move, there is limited facilities.  This place knows the numbers, and they don't care about your clubbing experience. . . Even when the bottles were free, i would rather have been at Marquee, XS, Surrender, Pure, or Tryst.. . I think this club is for out of towners who want to say they went here.
We got free passes on the street from some dude who was not requesting a tip.  (Thank you very much.) We did not get a table, just went on a Saturday night to check it out and we were hellishly disappointed.  There were so many sketchy gross dudes trying to grab your behind on the dance floor and absolutely no place to dance. I'm just glad it was free for us to get in.  Definitely not worth it on a Saturday night.
Sigh, I had high hopes for Tao. The dinner was alright but the service was great. Went back in line for the nightclub and OMG, the bouncer was so egotistic. One bouncer was really nice. He let us in because we needed to find the server from dinner for our "line pass" stamps. The other bouncer in charge of the line was a bitch! . . He asked my friend and I for our ID's and I let him know that we already got IDed by the other bouncer and we have a "TAO IDed" stamp as well. He asked again, I thought he didn't hear me over the music soI repeated myself. He asked again in a stern voice so we gave him our ID's. He let my friend in and then called her back AFTER he stamped her and asked to see her ID again. He let her go and called her back AGAIN asking to recheck her ID. He checked her ID a total of 3 times and then pulled her outside and threw her out. He then came back and said to me she's not coming in and asked if I wanted to go in. WTF. . I went upstairs to get my friends that were already in and told them what happened. We tried to explain to the bouncer that my friend spoke limited english and maybe there's just some sort of misunderstanding between them. No explanation. No excuses. No reason. He just threw her out. He said he's "doing his job.". . This was the start of a chain of horrific events that happened that night.. . F you Tao!
Came here with my girlfriend because it was a place one of my co workers had recommended to stop on by for the experience. Coming here was a waste of time, music sucked the Dj was garbage playing 90's hip hop, and even then it more sounded like something my pandora would be playing back if i was to place snoop dog on instant stream, and that's better than what crap the Dj had brought that night. I'm big on music but this place had nothing don't waste your time here save your time money and sobriety.
TAO SUCKS.. . Come here if you want to wait in lines-on-lines-on-lines (four different lines that wind around the Venetian lobby just to get in, and then more lines at each of the various bars inside).. . Also a good place to STAND STILL while dancing.  The dance area is so packed that there is literally no room to move, just a mass of people squished together.. . Best thing about this place are the girls chillin in bathtubs with flower pettles over their boobies.
I went here three times and every time. there is always drama. The last one stole the cake.  We had a group of 15 and we had more ladies than guys. My friend never had trouble getting in and she is 24 yet the bouncers at tao are too stupid to realize that NOBODY CARRIES A SECOND FORM OF ID. They questioned her ID because it does not "look like her". Um, hello, but she knows her age, she's with a group of 24-25 yr olds and they want extra ID to confirm it's her? Wow...sorry Tao but you just lost 15 people for their business. Not only that, we were celebrating our friends birthday on THAT SAME DAY and they gave us this crap. I've had trouble before here but this one tops it. Screw you Tao and I hope you go out of business because you are just whack. Never liked this club, never will. 0 stars if I could. Go somewhere else!!
This weekend was my second time at Tao and I don't think I will go back. .  My friends and I(around 17 people) were celebrating our close friend's birthday when one of our friends was turned away because the bouncers didn't believe that the person in her driver's license was her. She is 24 years old and has never been refused at ANY clubs in ANY city because of anyone not believing the person in the photo was not her. She got into Tao 2 years earlier when she was 22! Also, my friend's younger sister got in and she didn't. That doesn't make sense to me.. I would think that after being a bouncer for a long time, one should be able to tell from the features in a driver's license picture and be able to compare it to a real person.. My friend offered other forms(plural) of identification but Tao's management said they could only accept a passport. Who would bring a passport to a club? To Vegas?. This incident ruined the rest of our evening and of course we couldn't have a good time at Tao when my friend was not able to get in. . We left Tao and went to two other clubs that night and my friend got in without a problem.. Tao, I know you are liable for underage individuals in your club but next time you refuse someone please be more careful in your evaluation.. In the end all we wanted was to have a good time and we were deeply disappointed.
I don't care for TAO and it is actually my least favorite club in Vegas. I don't like the design because it is very confusing. I came here twice; once for the pool party and the other for the club. I hate how I had to walk all the way downstairs to use the bathroom (during the pool party). It is way too crowded but I do like that we got free drinks til 12.
This was my first time at TAO and it was terrible!. . 1. The disorganized mess of lines. There were three or four lines wrapping around the entire "square" with no clear signs for VIP or Guest list lines. When I asked an employee which line I should get to, the way he answered made it seem like someone had pissed in his corn flakes or something. Attitude much? (See number 5 down below). . 2. Layout. Stairs=Not cool. Also, the bathrooms on the ground level: who the hell puts "yin" and "yang" on the doors instead of women/men (And no clear symbols either) While waiting for my friend outside, I redirected several guys who nearly walked into the female restrooms. . . 3. Crappy music. Benny Benassi was headlining at TAO but didn't show up until around 1 or so. But before that in the different rooms had some shitty remixes.. . 4. The crowd. I don't know if maybe I went on an "off" day or anything but nobody was dancing! What's up with that? Benny Benassi was supposed to be there but it didn't seem like the crowd was hyped up or excited as all. Everyone just seemed like they were standing around "being cool". It almost felt like a middle school dance. Awkward!. . 5. Service/Employees. After my friend and I decided to leave, I discovered that my id (thankfully just my college one) and hotel room key had somehow fallen out of my wallet. I went back to ask for help but the promoter I talked to was so unsympathetic and rude to me that it made me cry. Virtually every employee I asked questions to in TAO was either rude or not helpful at all (except for the elevator guy, who was just helping out at TAO and regularly works at LAVO). . . Even though my friend and I paid no cover and had the open bar wristbands, it was by far the worst club we went to in our Vegas trip. Afrojack at Surrender was way better!
This place is LAME!!!!  The food was mediocre and I still had to wait 30 minutes after dinner to get a stamp to go upstairs, because they couldn't find the "stamp girl".  When i complained the staff was rude and didn't really care to help us out and they just kept telling us to wait but i didn't see anyone doing anything about it.   The WORST customer service I have experienced in my life and super crowded...don't go here unless you have bottle service, or better yet don't go at all.  I would recommend avoiding this place at all cost and going somewhere else to spend your money.
Ok I haven't yelped in so long but this "NIGHTCLUB" is whack! I've always wanted to go to Tao I've heard so many good things about this place. 1st of all we got in free which was awesome because the line to get in is so long so myself and the five other friends I was out with that night walk in short wait only because we knew the person working the door, and what do you see STAIR!! WTF we walk up like four flights of stairs in our six inch heels ouch get some water down drinks take some pictures because the place is stunning! we walk onto the 1st dance floor an it's super over crowed. We go into what looks like a bigger room and bam a million more people. The music was ok but the bartenders were rude and over worked there were people just standing around not dancing wtf is that about if your at a night club get your boogie on lol or get off the dance floor! ok so after the 1st and 2nd rooms we go outside after walking another few flights of stairs it's tao beach cool right! Not really it like a small wading pool surrounded by concrete I didn't drive four hours from LA to go to a nightclub that beautiful because the decor is amazing the girls are beautifully displayed but I wanna have fun and this wasn't the place.
Ugh, I did NOT have a good time here. We were on a guestlist and we waited in line for about 15 minutes. When we got in, I was shocked at how crowded it was. We fought our way to the middle of the dance floor and I literally could barely move. I was getting pushed on all sides, drinks were spilling on my shoes and dress, and there was zero room to dance. I would never come back here on a weekend because really, what's the point of going to a club if you can't dance your ass off?. . There was open bar for ladies from 10:30-11:30 (that was nice). The bathrooms are up a flight of stairs (that was not). it seemed like there was a 5 girl to every guy ratio, and the guys that were there were with girls. For the single ladies, that's not great. . . So basically, I couldn't dance without touching the sweaty people around me, got pushed the whole time I was here (and when you're not used to 5 inch heels, that makes it really easy to fall), and left with alcohol on my shoes. I honestly felt like smacking all the people around me. No Tao, never again.
Don't come to this club if you're a guy and don't have a single girl with you on a busy night. A buddy and I were guests of the Venetian and received VIP passes from the concierge, who said it would be no problem for a couple guys to get in with the passes. We got in line at 9:45 and were meeting up with some girls who had already gotten wristbands in the line, but one of the bouncers decided to be a complete asshole and said there was "no way" we would get in unless we paid for bottle service since there weren't any girls with us. I'm sorry, but we aren't going to pay $5,000 for a table when we only planned to be there for a couple hours anyways. Why have a special line for hotel guests and give out VIP passes to hotel guests if you're just going to treat them like crap? Also, why would girls want to go to a club where they reject as many guys as possible? . . Luckily, a few minutes after I got kicked out of line, I got a front-row view of another guy who was trying to get in shove the asshole bouncer and cause a huge fight. Then another bouncer was trying to instigate a fight with 3 guys in their 40s after they weren't clearing the area fast enough. Karma's a bitch.
I would have put 0 stars but I can not.. . This place incites such rage in me that I don't even... My phone, my debit card, and my room key was stolen in the dance floor here.. so just shows you what kind of people this place attracts.. . To be fair, I'll try to review this place outside of that event. . . minus 1 star: The dance floor is crowded and packed. People are pushing and touching. Say goodbye to personal space. You can't even call it a dance floor, it's more of a dense conglomeration of sweaty bodies, pushing and just standing. . . minus 1 star: I enjoy hip-hop BUT the music was horrible in here. It's not hip hop you can dance to at all. The hip hop in local clubs are definitely better.. . minus 1 star: The floor plan seemed like it was designed by a three year old with a crayola marker. A really good place to lose one of your drunk friends or to disappear. (that could be a positive I guess). . minus 1 star: The bathrooms are SMALL. There were lines going out for one and the other one with less people had about three stalls. . . minus 1 star: The bar was so slow, not the bartenders' fault, the place was just way too crowded. I had an Adios. It tasted like cold rubbing alcohol, and it didn't even get me buzzed.
In its day, TAO used to be the hottest club in Las Vegas, but now it is nothing more than the rejected has-been that will do anything to relive its glory days.. . I came here once for my 21st birthday weekend a couple years ago, and it was horrendous. The line to get in was egregiously long (luckily we jumped into the VIP line and got in that way), and the crowd was disgusting: Asians of all shapes and sizes as far as the eyes can see.. . The music was mainstream, and ugly, fat chicks were dancing on top of the tables and chairs, drunkenly screaming and flailing their limbs around.. . Now, before you write me off as a judgmental bitch, just know that I do a fair amount of clubbing, and for LAS VEGAS, the nights at TAO are simply unacceptable. The only thing that I approve of is open bar until midnight, but even then, there aren't enough bottles of whiskey in that place to wash away the shame and despair of TAO.. . The decor inside is definitely a lot nicer than the other has-been nightclubs in Las Vegas, but decor is not what makes or breaks a club; it's the music and people.. . Nights in Vegas are supposed to be epic, and if you're looking for mediocre quality company, music, and vibes, TAO is your place. If not, spend your precious time and money at the more popular clubs (they're popular for a reason).
We ate here on a recent bachelorette trip to Vegas. The reason we picked Tao was because it was so hyped and all the celebs went there. It totally and completely sucked! . First thing is that we made reservations for 9:15pm and had to wait 45 minutes after our reserved time to be seated!!! That was absolutely ridiculous, to be so hungry and have to wait like that. horrible. Finally we ordered an appezitzer of ahi tuna, which we did not even get until we were seated at the table. . . Our tuna appetizer ended up being the best thing I ate all night. It was very good. I got the pad thai as my entree which was $30 and nothing special. You can get better pad thai in Atlanta. The martinis which were $14 were not very good or very creative they just have fancy names and taste like alcohol mixed with fruit juice. We refused to get dessert. I tried some of my friend's orange chicken and the chicken was good but the bok choy that came on the side was the worst I have ever had, and I love bok choy. I tried some other food from my other friends and it was all so blah that I can't even remember what they got. Another thing is the music downstairs is so loud you hae to shout to your fried across the table to be heard. . . Next we went upstairs to the club I refused to buy a drink, and givethat place any more of my money. The dance floors were too crowded, and the girls in the bathtubs, and well as in the glass looked miserable and faking it. Needless to say we left the horrible place within 30 min, and went to Tryst in the Wynn which was awesome! . . On another note, Tao is the worst place in Vegas I went to and I will never go there again. Kim Kardashian is an idiot for promoting it, though I can see why she goes there because it's pretty much the only club in Vegas where all the black guys go to party.
This place was a joke, we went there after making a reservation that they would not honor.  After 2 hours in the line, they approved us to get inside.  So was it worth the wait, no way.. The place was packed so much that we couldn't even move once we got in.  Got pushed around, one drunk guy even picked a fight with me since we got pushed over him.  The bounders sided the other guy coz it looked like he had paid more money to get a table (can run upwards of 5k on weekends). . . All in all, an experience I just want to forget.  There are much better clubs in Vegas, avoid this at all costs.. or rather unless you cough up 5 grand.
it is ridiculously over priced! and not worth it. When they say some big celeb is coming, they bump up the price and then the person performs for 2 songs. I've now been here for "black eyed peas" (only one of them) and Drake. There are many clubs in Vegas and honestly tao is not worth it.
Was told that we would get bottle service for $1350 with tax and tip included. We get the receipt and the total was $1875. The room for bottle service was fun but the hallways, bars and dance floors were way too crowded. Plus they were just playing pop music from the radio that everyone is tired of hearing.
Ghetto club, lines were too long, radio music, all-dude club, club looks ghetto, everything about it looks terrible. Save yourself $50 and go anywhere else in vegas. . (bf posted this ... but i must agree that TAO is not a club worth going to in vegas. The crowd is just not there and the guys are a bit on the creepy side.. TAO BEACH is also the same so dont waste your time there pay a little more to go to MARQUE or XS )
I can't believe I went to Tao on my 2nd trip! My friend has never been and she wanted to check it out soooo bad. . . We met Chris the manager at Tao Beach earlier that day. Shoutout to Chris for letting us skip the line! . . Of course this place was ridiculously packed just like last time. They still played the same horrible music as last time. I couldn't stand it so I had to order a drink. I waited and waited. Some girl came up next to me and waited for maybe one minute and the bartender was about to take care of her. Ohhh hell no! I said excuse me! I've been waiting for 15 minutes I want to order some drinks. She finally made my weak ass drinks. I alwayssss tip, but this time I didn't. She did not deserve it. . . We only stayed for 35 min and left. We had more fun drinking and walking the strip.
Rudeness...We were going to go to Tao to hang out and a group of guy friends said they already spoke to the bouncer and he said we needed to have a table and pay $450 in order to get in.  So we decided to leave, but before leaving, a female friend and I decided to double check, so we went up there and he said it was $20 for girls $30 for guys...we go back and and tell our guy friends and they are like great! we head back up there and the bouncer says " I already told you $450 for a table!" I'm like WTF?? Craziness.... . Then I met a girl in the bathroom who told me the bouncer said that they didnt have the right "ratio" of males to females they had 2 females and 9 guys he said they needed at least 4 girls, then they got 2 other girls and got it and they said it was WACK and not worth their time.. . I had a great time downstairs at the Hookah Bar "V" :)
Crap, over rated.. Bouncer wanted. 150 for me and 2 guys to get in. I told him " wtf you think this place is??xs???. . I was upset, I met a girl earlier and couldn't see her at the end of the night because of the bouncer. . . Don't go here, you've been warned
way too overrated.. the bouncer bullshit about guest list. Dropped him $40 and suddenly there was no guest list. Waited in line for a long time, and very disappointed when I finally got in. Seriously, my spotify plays better music than the dj here.
I'm sorry Tao fans, but the best I can give them is 1.5 stars. Each and every time I have come here, I've had a bad or meh experience. And I've given the benefit of the doubt of coming back 5 times because the group I'm with insists on going.. . Keeping an open mind that, yes, they usually have the most beautiful people and the best DJs spinning here, their dance floor is ridiculously too small to fit the thousands of clubbers that want in, if you can even get in in the first place. Waiting forever is a given, with or without guestlist.. . Bouncers and doormen are extremely stuck up, even to the sluttiest girls that throw breasts in their face and kiss their ass. They will make any excuse to kick someone out of the line, it seems.. . I've been stabbed in the foot with women's 10" hooker heels, smacked in the face by some sweaty guy's nasty sweating back, lost a friend because she got kicked out, pushed and shoved by hardcore fanatics, purposely grabbed in the ass, and robbed of an ID because a friend didn't look like her picture (who the heck looks like themselves after 2lbs of makeup?).. . Despite all that, I still give in to going back to give them "one last try", because I'm that good of a friend and all. :)
Complete ripoff I did VIP bottle service (done bottle service before in other cities) and felt screwed from the first. $1600 for the champagne, $400 for six bottles of red bull (did not order this, they just bring it) $300 for six waters, $400 for the bottle service, taxes and tip. $3000 total bill and the try to go the bathroom and they want a $20 tip. They know they are ripping you off because they make you sign and initial very little thing and you never see what you are paying. You go to clubs like this to feel special like a king and not like a sucker. Stay away, unless you like to give your money away.
I value my abilities to move and breathe. Highly value. I simply could not handle this place when it was so crowded.. . This place may be all find and dandy for some people. A lot were enjoying the DJ and the 'dance' floor, but there were only a few corners here and there where you can actually interact with anyone. While trying to find a place to stay and drink we were shoved away by security saying we were too close to the elevator doors, when it's the only place to stand.. . So what did we do? We left and found someplace else. I know it may be unfair since different clubs have different atmospheres, but I just found this place to be nothing but uncomfortable chaos. People pack the smoking balcony not just to smoke but because they needed rest from squirming their way across a 50 foot room.. . Tao Nightclub was just not my cup of tea at all, unfortunately. I hope others enjoy it more than I did.
Ugh. To start off, Vegas is just not my thing... i dont understand why you go to a mediocre bar with trashy people, expensive drinks and a long line.. . Luckily we knew someone so we didn't have to wait in line or have to pay a cover. It probably didn't hurt that i was with 2 girls.. . It took FOREVER to get our drinks, which were mediocre at best. They packed this club with so many people that you literally couldn't move on the dance floor. It was awful. They had a ton of empty tables and booths but no one is allowed to sit in them unless you pay for table service.. . The one plus was watching all the old gross men drop hundreds (if not thousands of dollars) to get random cute girls in their booths for the free booze. gross.
I will never go back to this place ever!!!! My friends and I planned to attend Tao nightclub because this was her first time in Vegas and she heard a lot about it. We get to the club and they take a look at my friend, who is a cute plus size, and tell her they aren't letting her in because she is wasted!!!! Yet she had not had a drink at all that night... The most prejudice experience ever! Yet if I bought a table, they said then they would let her in!?!?! Stuff like this has to stop!!! Please don't waste your money at a place that thinks less of you!!!
I have never experienced such rude mean service from the security staff.. I was there for a bachelorette party this past weekend and holy sht it was beyond packed I'm surprised that the fire department didn't shut this place down.. Thankfully we had reserved a table and purchased bottle service everything about the bottle service was fine up until all decided to go downstairs and dance, did I mention how crowded it was.  As we were walking downstairs I was pushed into one of guard the  A$$wipe takes me by the arm and slams me against the wall and starts pulling me thru this maze of a back room. After witnessing how they beat up on some guys I was horrified that they would do the same with me, eventually they asked the meat head that took me back there what i had done and the he said I had given him lip and pushed him, really??? it was an accident I didn't push you I said, after apologizing for something that I didn't do they let me return to the party. I got my stuff and LEFT I was not going to spend any more time there. . The next day I woke up with bruises on my arms and on my legs. I would not recommend this place to anyone it's not worth it this place is way too crowded. I was told that they also took the person who was walking behind me and that they punched him twice. . The only reason why I didn't call the cops was because I didn't want to be the one to ruin the party.
Music's decent. . Venues alright. . But.... . Bouncers and security completely straight powertrip. I think our crew of 10 spent around $3000 for bottle service for a bachelor party.  We didn't expect much but were completely mistreated by security.  We had a guard who was dancing and partying as much as we were - grinding up on drunk girls [BEWARE LADIES].  He repeatedly threatened to kick us out because he thought we were ruining his game. . . What a joke right? . . Who was working and who were the paid customers?  Nothing gets me annoyed more when security and bouncers overstep their boundaries. I know they deal with drunk hoodlums all the time but by no stretch was our group classified under these terms.. . Needless to say, we're never coming back and you haven't been it's not worth your time and hard earned money.
NOt a fan of being groped by drunk men, only to be scolded by their security for asking for a little decency. If you cant depend on SEcurity to do their job, you all alone to fend for your own (and girlfriends, of course).. . Also, not a good idea to go late after everyone is already drunk. but this still does not excuse the security. I would NEVER go back here EVER for ANY Reason, and will only warn people who visit Vegas to be sure and AVOID this place. . . I know "what happens in Vegas stays in vegas," but this is not an excuse for men to act like disrespectful drunkards without any decency at all and think this bad behaviour is erased because they left Vegas! . . Not classy Tao, not at all.
Worst night club experience EVER!. . Why?. . Because I didn't get in...and there was a fight outside!. . We were on the guest list and took a cab from across the strip to get here.  I was dressed nice, but had on white sneakers (white/cement Jordan IIIs).  For this reason alone, I was not let in.  . . However, we noticed several other dudes wearing torn up canvas sneakers.  The explanation we received when my wife asked was that they were not white (I guess khaki colored Vans are okay??).  The doorman wasn't budging, so we went on our way.  . . As we were about to leave, a fight broke out within a few feet of us.  A guy punched security and then just stood there talking.  He could have walked away at that point because security was so slow to respond.  Then after a few minutes he started getting swarmed by waves of security guards.  They hog tied him, and then some random dude came up and kicked the tied up dude in the face.  Security did nothing to stop the kicker, and seemed incompetent in general.. . Even though I never made it inside, Tao just doesn't seem like my type of place.  My advice is to steer clear of here!
Randomly pick a Asian to remove from the club. Can't believe this
This review is for the management and the bouncers.  Let me tell you a story.  I just flew into Las vegas, had a nice dinner with friends from out of country that I haven't seen in a very long time.  Then we decided to go to the night club that was in our hotel the Venetian.  I believe it was around 3:00AM when something terrible happened.  A random dude comes out of nowhere and punches me in the back of the head.  At the time I was dancing with my friends on the dance floor.  I was not in anyone's way and wasn't even interacting with anyone outside my group.  So the punch hit's me in the back of my head and my glasses.  So I look at the guy that did this to me and ask him "What the fuck are you doing?"  and he just says "Fuck you blah blah blah".  Then the bouncers come out of nowhere and grab ME!!! NOT HIM! BUT ME!!! forcefully as if he assumed I was the one who started the commotion.   I was guilty of giving a man a finger but only after I was assaulted and lost my glasses.  . . As I was being grabbed and pushed backwards outside some side exit I try to tell the bouncer who has his vice grip on me that I did not do anything and that I am blind without my glasses (I'm -7.5 in both my eyes) and I need to get my glasses.  He ignores me and when we are outside acts like he does not give a single fuck about what I am saying.  Again I repeat to him for the 5-6 times that I really need my glasses and I would gladly leave the premises ASAP if they would just let me look for my glasses.  . . He continues to ignore what I am saying until he pushes me outside.  He the asks for my ID.  So I give it to him.  In my mind I assume he was filing some kind of incident report (but this was not the case since I called back the next day and there was no evidence of the incident happening according to management/security).  So why did he take my name down?  Why did he need my id?  . . Then the bouncer has the audacity to blame me for his broken watch, like really?  How could that have been when I did not resist you and you had my by both my arms so tight that it left bruises on my body.  Yes people bruises, and yes I do have pictures.  I was shocked that he would handle someone so fiercely even though I did not assault anyone nor threatened him in anyway.  . So I tell him I didn't do shit to your watch and I really need to get my glasses.  Another bouncer comes in and tells the bouncer who threw me out of the club for being hit in a head by someone else to go look for the glasses.  That bouncer leaves and the other bouncer says something like "we are trying to run a business and we are trying to end this disturbance...." So at this point I was really angry.  I continue to explain what happened and that I really need my glasses since this is the 1st night of my vacation and not having sight really puts a jam on things.   Talking to this guy proved useless much like the last bouncer.  . So the bouncer that threw me out comes back after 3-5 minutes of "searching" for my glasses and says I'm shit out of luck.  They get my number and escort me out of the club and simply say "if we find your glasses, we will contact you."  So end of the night, nothing happens to my attacker and I lose sight and I don't get so much as a sorry for the bouncer's behavior.  . . So I later that night I file a report with the Venetian Security.  There was supposed to be a representative from Tao present at the time of the incident but I was told by the Venetian front desk that they will not be coming.  More proof of zero fucks given by Tao security and management.  . . I call the next day to security office and I file a report supposedly with one of the girls there, since there was no report failed from the next before.  They say they will send a email to the "Director Victor" who runs the show at Tao.  I am told I can only have someone from Tao email him because it is impossible to reach this "Director Victor" by any other means.  Really?  Really?  Okay let's just believe in that bullshit.  They did ask me what kind of outcome I would like to see happen.  I mentioned my trip is essentially fucked so that was worth a couple of thousand to me and my glasses was worth around six hundred but I did repeat multiple times that the money is not as important to me as getting my sight back.  . . So a day goes by I call them again and again I ask them to contact "Director Victor" by email since there is no other way he communicates.  More days go by..  no answer.  So I'm back in NY now and still no answer after a couple of weeks.  . So "Director Victor" thank you for making Tao so memorable for me.  They way your people conduct security and the way you do business is something I will keep near and dear to my he
Alright, I'm not the one for night clubs but this one sucked. First off, they don't have ANY place to sit unless you want to pay extra for it. So my aching feet from my high heels got 100 times worse then it could have been. . Secondly, it was annoying full. You could barely walk aroundwithout bumping into someone else even more so on the dance floor. . Third, the staff/bouncers are rude. My friend that came with me, of course got drunk and was hitting on someone. That one person got upset by this and complained and my friend got kicked out. . Fourth, Its ALL women which is fine if you are one of the few dudes that are in there. Women are not very nice, even more so when they dress up and act like snotty little brats which was about 75% of the women there. . . I had more fun drunkenly walking barefoot out of the place to the parking garage where our friend was there to pick us up at 11:30. Heck, I even saw more men/got hit on more during that 15 minute walk then the 2 hours I was at the club. . . I will not go again. Was not worth the time or money.
That club is pretty lame.. $20 at 2am on a friday night to enter an empty club? Really? Don't get me wrong, I have no problem paying to go to a club but when it is raining outside and there are maybe 30 people inside.. that's unnecessary...
Yuck!  This place has great ambiance but it all goes downhill from there.  We place our order and everything shows up at the same time!   Come on.  Have you ever heard of fighting.  The food lacks subtlety. Great foods mixed with lackluster fillers and super heavy sauces.  Good grief
Meh, I have been to Tao 2 times in about 10 trips to Vegas... . it has a lot of potential but is a disappointment every time.. . They have some pretty cool VIP areas and I love the dark, sexy red decor but they seem to not have a capacity limit and it gets wayyy too crowded/boiling hot.. . When you first enter, there is a side room with bar on the right and THAT is the place to hang out if you want to drink/boogie a little... the other bars in the place are always way too crazy & crowded - the bouncers are over-protective and the bartenders are overwhelmed. Suit yourself and take a peak into the main room for a sec but then trust me, Its honestly not even worth trying!. . The drinks are the normal expense - $15-20/cocktail - and the crowd is mostly asian, but you can't really expect different from a club called TAO.. . The coolest part of the club was the bathrooms. . The ladies bathroom area is upstairs and they are all individuals that have glass doors. They actually are see through when the door is open and frost over when it shuts.... that's pretty damn incredible if you ask me!. . The dance floor is wayyyy too packed to bust any moves and you can't stop for one minute without having a bouncer flash his light at you telling you to keep moving.. . The one other fun part I can remember was that if you did have a table in the main room, you could stand up on the top of the bench seats like a makeshift stage and dance - aka no one sweating on/pushing/elbowing you - and that was a blast.  Just watch your skirt ladies!. . Definitely not worth the price of a cover - or the wait in a huge line - or anything actually... The only time I've ever had a good time here was when we had our own private area and that honestly could have been in any club anyway.. . Nothing special here and more negative than positive for sure. . I'd give it a miss.
LOL TAO.. . This review is a long time in coming. How long? The very first meal my husband (back then, he was my boyfriend!) and I ate in Las Vegas was at Tao, when we were just a couple of tourists staying at The Venetian FOR THE VERY FIRST TIME.. . We had a late flight and Asian food, in a snazzy club, right in our hotel, sounded great! The menu looked tasty and all was well. So we got to our room, got changed and headed downstairs for our reservation.. . Considering that my meal at Tao was the absolute worst experience I have ever had EVER in all of my 26 years, and my VERY FIRST IMPRESSION of the city of Las Vegas, it is a wonder that I ever came to like the city enough to move here. We had the worst, most obnoxious, most condescending, snottiest, meanest and awfulest (that's a word now) waiter in the history of the profession. I believe his name was Davey. I wonder if he still works there?!!. . When good ol' Davey asked us what kind of water we wanted, I asked for a Diet Coke because I was super thirsty (it was our first night in the desert, after all) and he cut me off rudely with the classic line, "This is WATER TIME." We were consistently pressured to spend more money on crappy food (there was one thing that I liked, some kind of fried sushi roll thing with rare beef inside? I guess the one star is for that) and drinks than we had any desire to. We were spoken to in a manner best suited for dealing with small, mentally challenged animals. We were given long, unnecessary explanations on what certain foods were like (I guess he thought we had maybe never eaten below-average Asian fusion before and didn't know what "ahi tuna with wasabi cream" is??? "THOSE WORDS AREN'T AMERICAN! THIS MUST BE FANCY!").. . You see, Davey figured out very quickly (probably immediately) that we were not typical club-goers and immediately decided that we were a couple of dorky Midwestern tourists worthy of his scorn. We WERE a couple of dorky Midwestern tourists but we are deeeeffffinitely not idiots and we were and are no strangers to fine dining (much finer than Tao) and, thanks, Davey, we know how to use a credit card.. . Yup. At the end of our torturous meal, he actually explained to us how to use a credit card. Like, "Now I'm going to give you this receipt back, and you sign on the line, and that authorizes me to charge you for the amount indicated.". . My only regret is not that we ate at Tao, because honestly the whole thing was pretty hilarious and walking through the club portion gave me a quick education on what, exactly, a club is and why I never want to go to one, ever, but that Timothy paid for the meal with his credit card and thus was afraid to not leave our pal Davey an actual tip, when we SHOULD have left cash and like, a pile of garbage instead. OH WELL.
Zero!! Bought a 3 minimum bottle and still got treated like shit. The bouncers were disrespectful with the ladies and guys. First off 2 of us are cops and the rest are nurses we obviously can't get introuble. We asked a bounce to take a pic and he kicked us out. Ok. You make your minimum wage jobbut being prejudice against us clients. Good luck with the club business bouncers, I won't be getting a bottle next month for our bottle
Good music and nice interior but horrrrrrible security staff. Super rude and pushy. Nowhere to stand without getting yelled at to keep walking.. Unless you drop $2000 on a table good luck getting treated like a regular person. Wouldn't go back after how I was yelled at for not moving fast enough away from "VIP" sections.. Guess I'm to regular chicagoan for all these bottles and bullshit. Ps dont bother with a package. We did and it wasn't worth the 1 hr open bar considering the shitty ass treatment we got..
i went here once many many moons ago and then again recently.. this club is too damn small.. there also way too many kids here..
I was disappointed, security guys were crappy,line was crappy and music was crappy... But inside was pretty and updated...
Worst venue in Vegas. Overly crowded; most of the time I was only able to have one foot on the ground. If there was a fire everybody would die. Save your money and go somewhere else.
I came here for a friend and I's birthday from Atlanta.... We were treated horribly. Our entire Las Vegas experience has been phenomenal until this. I am a lifestyle blogger and this will def be on my list of things NOT to do. The club is beautiful I wish the security would have been as great. One of the guards actually put his hands on one of my friends..... I was yelled at like I was a man  for not understanding which way to go..... Security guard got directly in my face to the point he spit on me. . . I have never had this bad of an experience in ANY club in any city. I suppose they could care less about people having a great experience since they bring in so many patrons. The guest celebrity host Lebron James, I'm sure would have been floored if he knew how badly people were treated. . . We should have listened to locals  when they told us not to come here. Better luck tonight!. . Naeemah Jade
I got two free tickets and two free drinjs and I still regret going. It was awful. Was packed in like sardines iy was 10000degrees. No room to walk or do anything. One of the worst experiences at a club ever sucks so hard. Hated it
The last time I was here, I almost wanted to cry just from the sheer frustration of trying to find the exit out of this sardine can.. . The decorations I will say is beautiful.  There are beautiful flowers floating on the water, a giant buddha that greets you as you walk in, and girls scattered throughout the club to make it seem more exotic.  But like many Vegas clubs here, it gets SO busy, that you have no option, but to continue to move up the different levels.. . And move up we did...up and then down, up and then down.  My poor legs and feet thought I was going through a Shaun T insanity workout...wahhh.... . This up and down trek through the stairs was not by choice.  We were actually trying to get out and asked a few security guards the direction to get out.  Each time we were told something different and each time we ended up having to wait in a ridiculous line.  Were we being punked?? It took us a good 1+ hours to get out!  . . Based on my last experience at Tao, I vowed never to come back.  The decor is beautiful yes, but I didn't like that my clubbing experience involved me going up and down stairs and being incorrectly directed towards a line that didn't lead to exits for half the time.
I don't write very many bad Yelp Reviews. I only do it when its deserved.. . I went to Tao and purchased a $5,000 VIp table. I was with my wife and a couple.  With the price that we paid I expected great service.  Instead they barely came to our table at all.  They warned us if we didn't get more girls at our VIP table they would move us.  I was with my wife and paid in full.  They didn't care and had the bounces move us out to put in a butch of strippers in the table area.  They even tried to not pay me back.  I would never do this to someone.  Tao thinks they are still the best club in Vegas.  Not anymore!  Go Spend your money at the other new clubs.  . . I'm filling a complaint with the Better Business Bureau!
Over-hyped. Forever to get in, even longer to find the way out! Been there, done that, NEXT!
I was just illegally detained and then searched in a back room of this club after paying for entry. Despite finding nothing, they still kicked me out and would not escort me to find all of my friends who were still inside. If you value your rights, do not go to this club.
I was really excited to go to the club. Since we were staying in the hotel we only had to wait a minute to get in. The night was set to be a great one because Bruno Mars was performing.  The night went from great to crap in a short period of time. The club did nothing to control the crowd and what was fun one minute became a bunch of angry people pushing on the dance floor. The situation got so out of hand my phone ended up being stolen and my license went missing. The bouncer saw that I was upset and told me to take a business card and to call the next morning at 9am, which was mirrored by the woman at the front. When calling the next morning I was given two different times to call and by the third time I called they told me their security staff didn't even get in until 2 PM. I physically went back at 2 and requested the lost and found log. The woman barely glanced at the sheet when she told me Nothing was turned in. 2 weeks later a Good Samaritan mailed my license back, and when we spoke she said her phone had been stolen as well at he same club. The staff did nothing to help her. Sounds to me like this club is either being targeted by thieves or they have a shady staff that likes to pocket lost and found items. My advice is to stay away from this one. You'll either get trampled or robbed!!!
Trashy club. Not much diversity and the crowd is cookie cutter. The bouncers were polite but know that I am female.  Really packed shoulder to shoulder at one point with no air circulation and people were pushing. I went to see Wiz Khalifa in June so this review is a little late. They don't enforce the dress code so females are dressed janky and acting like it . . . Shorts, sandals, and flip flops. Ew. The girl models in the display looked angry and judgemental. The girls dancing hired by the club were on drugs. Not a classy club at all.
I dont usually write reviews on clubs unless I either really like them, or want to warn people not to go. In this case Id definitely like to give people a heads up before they waste anytime at this spot. . . I think TAO is probably one of the most overrated clubs on the strip, its super mainstream so everyone knows about it, and because of it everyone and their mom tries to go, AND gets in.. . We got there fairly early, just before 12 spent a few mins upstairs at the bar over by the restrooms, just to get a good buzz going. But soon the club began to pack, and we realized our little spot would be the place to stay and dance for most of the night.. . First off the club gets obnoxiously packed, to the point you are weaving and dodging people if or when we want to get anywhere. If you want to go to the restroom good luck, the restrooms are located next to the bar and are connected to a smaller space that connects to the back part of the club. It was a nightmare to get through or just exit, security yelling, people standing trying order drinks, trying to use the bathroom, trying to move or exit, a complete mess.. . Then if you try and go on the main dance floor, its a joke, they pack you so close you literally have NO personal space, you have someone in back of you, next to you in, front of you. You literally are jumping up and down to the beat because you cant really dance. Security stands at the entrances to the dance floor so as soon as the floor packs, they will deny anyone entry.. . We headed to one of the other floors, which was a mission within itself (again to many people), and when arriving were met with the same obstacles as the main floor.  . . If you are visiting and want to make this one of the clubs you are hopping around to before you hit another club (you got a deal/promotion etc.), by all means go to it. But don't make this your one stop club destination for the night because you will be disappointed. . . I love to party, dance and enjoy myself in a great (semi-spacious) atmosphere, TAO will definitely not be on my itinerary whenever I party in Vegas. Ever.
Big Disappointment! If I can give it a ZERO, I would!. . Paid $900 for the VIP Bottle Service.  We went in a group of 10.  We were treated so very well at beginning and at the end,they basically acted like they did not know who we were. They talked to us by name the entire time.  I was tossed out because I felt sick, went up stairs to the bathroom and threw up.  It was so hot and humid from the fully packed people.  People were literally dancing on each other on the dance floor.  I wonder if they even have a limit capacity. . .  Anyways, a bouncer escorted me up to the casino floor, told me that they had found my husband and that he would come out to meet me at the entrance.  15 minutes later, he never showed up.  Asked one of the bouncer by the door to see if he knew what was going on.  He said to ask the other guy which turned out to be the guy who took us to our VIP booth and accepted our credit card.  Asked him if he remembered who I was, he said yes.  I told him that the other bouncers told me my husband would meet me by the entrance.  Showed him, my "X" on my risk cause I couldn't go back in.  His face totally changed and acted like he did not who I was and said he has no way of helping me.  Really? He was the guy who took our card and escorted us.  My party was literally looking for me all the place.  They asked the clean ladies upstairs by the bathroom and they said they never saw me.  LIARS!   . . Trust me, they are just after your money.   Once you are done with the drinks from the bottle service, they are done with you.  No need to tip their waiters and waitresses.  They are so fast to clean your booth and bring in a new group. They brought new ppl to our booth while my party was still their.  Their VIP sucks so bad.  They put 2 parties in one both.  There's no separation between you and the other party.  If you request, they'll just have a bouncer to come in between.  . . Take your money elsewhere.  And for an actual real VIP booth, please go somewhere else unless you want to pay $$$$ and share with someone else.  We went to Encore the second night and had a blast their.  . . Love the Venetian, hate the CLUB!
Tao is incredibly overstuffed with pompous people. The main dance floor is far too busy to enjoy yourself. You begin sifting through bodies of people and realize that it's not worth it the effort.. . I've been to other nightclubs on the Strip and I was looking forward to this place considering the hype. I was left with a boring experience.  Big frills, few thrills.
Save your money, this place is overly crowded -- you spend most of your time trying to find some personal space more than anything else. Needless to say, you can't dance... nope, no room for that. . . The first time was a bad experience for me because of how crowded the place was, nonetheless, I gave it a second try. Well, the second time, I was there for Halloween... and let me tell you, that turned out worse. I was denied entrance: (1) I'm not Asian, (2) I was there with my boyfriend, and (3) I didn't "look" like my I.D. I had blond hair back then, yes, I looked different. Lets see, it is HALLOWEEN! Not only do we dress-up on this day (costume, colored-contacts, etc.) - I also have black hair now. I sure as hell am not going to update my photo every time I color my hair.. WTH? Ridiculous. It all worked-out in the end as we ended up trying out Rio's Roof-top Lounge and loved it. . . I love to party and enjoy myself as long as I'm in a great (semi-spacious) atmosphere. Okay, maybe it doesn't have to be great and super spacious, but I do need some personal space, especially if i want to dance. Blah! TAO will definitely not be on my itinerary ever again!
We planned my daughters 21 st birthday here.  We used a Vip service. There was 20 of us.  The doormen never let my daughter in and we were all upstairs waiting for her.  on Halloween they wouldn't let her in with her costume, a teddy bear..???.... If you want to get pick pocketed go to this club!  They took it from his front pocket ! There is a pro crew running with the management , they are letting these crooks in. As if it wasn't expensive enough !  $2000.00. For four bottles....  it gets WORSE.... Don't take your wallet ! They charge for water too !  With table service ... Arghhhhh a horrible and very dangerous venue... You Cant get out, only down one stair case you have to get down three flights of stairs with 5,000 others.  They know about the pick pocketing and theyare still letting them in. They said our wallet will show up in the morning when they clean up .... No.     I met another victim at the airport too, also identity theft. Credit card fraud. No ID either what a hassle at the airport.  . Tao RUINED  our trip...
DJ sucks for a top rated???   Nightclub!    Why don't you drop the beat?   Ugh.  Save your money and time.   Go to XS or Surrender.     But....food is good in restaurant.
