Came here at the rec of my baby bro. Walked in and there was a sign for "Please wait to be seated". So we waited....and waited...and waited...It wasn't busy and there were several avail tables.. . After about 20 mins, we were finally seated. Annoyed and hungry, we had already reviewed the menu and knew what we wanted to order.. . -Sapporo ($5). -Short Rib Steamed Bun ($13.50): OK, but a bit of the dry side. . -Kikis Burger ($8.50): I had this protein style, which was perfect. The mushrooms added great flavor to the patty.. -Banh Mi Burger ($8.50): It was good! Although I liked the Kiki burger better. . -Truffle Parm Fries ($4): Not bad, although I would prefer it without the brown sauce they smothered the fries with. . . Total was about $43.. . We didn't get our beer, so had to ask for beers and waters (and subsequent refills). I noticed that other tables-who were seated after us-began getting their orders before ours and I had to ask the status of our order. The server was apologetic, and relayed that they didn't expect the place to get busy since they just recently opened for business. I found this bothersome and disappointing. Perhaps they need a better strategy to improve their business operations ???. . After an hour and a half at a burger joint, I was over it. Sorry, but we didn't leave a tip. I didn't feel it was deserved with the wait time experienced, total duration in the restaurant and not be adequately serviced. . . The one star given is for the appreciation of the Asian inspired burgers and other offerings and creations. This place has potential and it looks as though it will have a strong following given prior reviews. . . Perhaps, it was an "off" night; however, there could still be awesome customer service but they failed to deliver even that.
First and last time going there. The food wasn't anything special, prices were alittle expensive for a burger joint. I mean I don't mind paying for a good burger but it wasn't good. I ordered the bachi pickles, they were okay but very little and the just fries. The just fries was good and plenty but they gave only a tiny bit of ketchup and when requesting more it cost .50 for more ketchup. The burger came about 15 minutes after we finish the fries. They were very big but didn't taste that great. I don't recomend going there. I must say I did love the decor though, very trendy, wish I could say that about the food and service.
25mins wasted waiting for a lunch served by waitress who mope around, possibly their sole purpose of avoiding taking your order (something to be commended in their performance appraisal if that's how bachi operates).. . i don't recall burgers ever taking so long to prep, off-strip or on & there are far busier places out there with lightning fast service. . holsteins anyone? yes?yes?yes!
I will NEVER return to Bachi Burger ever again. And unfortunately, it's because of the service. I asked if the Banh Mi sandwich was a choice between beef, pork, shrimp and our server said yes. I said, I'll take the "shrimp banh mi burger" and then followed by "no pork pate on that". It arrived and it was ground meat and I thought, "okay that's weird. Is that ground shrimp?". I took a few bites and realized it tasted like a mixture that included pork. So I grabbed the server and asked her and she said that it was all mixed together. At the time I ordered my food, shouldn't she have corrected me when I asked for that "shrimp" banh mi sandwich? I tried to get something else but the server said, "well, we'll have to charge you for the new item". Excuse me? I grew up in the restaurant and hospitality industry and that is NEVER the answer. It wasn't the cost but the fact that she didn't seem to care. A few minutes later she came by and said, "oh, we are offering a complimentary dessert to moms for mother's day. Would you care for the dessert?". Um no, I would love some lunch before my dessert please. I am appalled that they allowed me to walk out their restaurant knowing that I was very unhappy and still hungry.  Really bad move on their part and perhaps a restaurant manager should have stepped in. They should have just eaten the cost of the new burger to make a customer happy. It would have resulted in repeat business that would have more than made up for that $8 burger.
*I don't usually write reviews.  But for this place I had to.. . **Good (albeit extremely over-priced) food vastly offset by TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE that runs on Filipino time.. . First thing I did when I moved to Vegas was check out all the burger reviews/joints/best-of-lists.  You'll see In N' Out, Burger Brassiere, LBS, Burger Bar...  and Bachi Burger.  So I had to check it out.. . When I arrived there, there was a wait and I was hungry so I figured I'd just order To-Go.  I ordered two burgers (Kiki Burger & their Special at the time w/ blue cheese) and two fries (sweet potato & parmesan truffle).  Simple order?  I thought so.. . Like the reasonable prudent person, I asked how long it would take.  Melissa let me know that it would be 15 minutes.  15 minutes sounds reasonable, right?  That is if it were really 15 minutes.. . So after waiting for more than 30 minutes (I timed it) and giving a dozen different looks into the kitchen/Melissa, I asked politely how much longer would I have to stay hungry.  "Three minutes", she replied.  "What a completely arbitrary number?" I thought.  But I'll trust her.  . . So 10 minutes later, wondering if I was high because it didn't feel like three minutes, I asked again how long it would take.  I think she finally started to feel guilty, so she said it was coming right up.  I'm so gullible.. . So five minutes later, magically as I approached they started bagging my food.  It took another five minutes to finish bagging me up (they forgot my sauce) and ring me up.  . . Because I was far beyond annoyed after waiting for so long when I was told 15 minutes, I asked if I could express my unpleasant experience and offer constructive  criticism to the owner/manager/person-in-charge.  Melissa told me he's not there and she's in charge.  Great.  She told me to just call later and the owner would talk to me.. . So I called later...  In fact, I called later multiple times and on multiple days.  I left messages.  Nothing.  He never talked to me. . . Don't get me wrong, food was good.  But spending $32.43 and waiting more than 50 minutes for 2 burgers & 2 fries is not justifiable in any sense unless I was told from the get-go what to expect.  Instead I was lied to repeatedly, never apologized to or compensated, and was not even able to express my displeasure to those who count.  Arrghh... Just thinking about it makes me so angry.  Like a big emo tornado of emotion.  Thank God for In N' Out. . . Peace Bachi Burger.
wendys makes a better burger. they try to had to be different. had a mr.ho's burger and it the only way i can describe the way it taste was like breakfast food gone bad and had some weird cinnamon after taste . also had the ronin burger not as bad but still not good. who puts arugala on a buger?. . the service blows btw had to wait twenty min. for a check,( and not impatient costumer time) was just disappointing  i had heard many good things
Was in town and was recommended to this place. I was with a party of 6 and the place was not very busy. We were never greeted or told how long the wait was for the next table. There was an abundance of seats so I wasn't concerned with the wait. We had prompted several servers numerous times with no acknowledgment. We then approached the server with the hope of getting seated. They seemed completely oblivious to our presence. I would have liked to have tried their burgers especially after reading all the great reviews. Unfortunately they failed miserably. I would like to have given them the benefit of the doubt but there was simply no excuse for the lack of service.
My wife and I are new to Vegas and love a good burger.  We live close to this location and had been excited about trying this restaurant.  We have 2 children under 3 so one day when they were napping I ran over to get 2 burgers to-go.. . I placed my order and after 15 minutes of waiting I started to wonder how long it would take.  At 20 minutes I started getting a little annoyed.  After 25 minutes I was standing in front of the counter clearly a little ticked and nobody said anything to me.  I finally received my take-out and the general manager handed me the bag and didn't even say anything.  I looked at the receipt and it took 27 minutes!. . I have worked at high and low end restaurants and NOTHING takes that long, not even a well-done steak.  All we ordered was a regular burger done medium and veggie burger.  Any manager with minimal customer service skills should have realized at 15 minutes it was taking too long and he was up there looking at the order tickets the whole time.. . In addition, my wife said her burger was undercooked of all things and mine was average at best.  . . I was so disappointed that I wrote them an email on their website and they didn't even bother to respond.. . Perhaps their food is better if you eat in but I have such a bad taste in my mouth for this business and how they run things, especially not having enough classto write me back, that I fear that will never happen.  So very disappointed.
Excellent food; however, the service was bar none the worst service we have ever encountered in las Vegas. The whole place was ran by women. So, the entire time we were there they were try I to hurry us along and push us out the door even though there was hardly anyone in there. It seems like they just want you to come in to take your money then leave, that's all they cared about. Unfortunately, we will not be returning.
Tried ist once again & still Not happy. . Tiny tiny boba Drink. . Burger is ok. Nothing Special. Better then Mc d but Too expensive. . Still Prefer BLT @ Mirage & Burger Place @ mandalay Place.
This is NOT the place to go if you have anywhere to head to afterwards.  Went in during the work week, it is right around the corner from my office.   Walked in at 12:10, were seated immediately (about 4 empty tables).  We had studied the menu online and ordered immediately, did not even get menus.  At 12:39 we questioned the where abouts of our burgers....  We were told they got slammed but ours were next up did we want our fries first, we said sure....  At 12:47 our burgers arrived, but no fries, we asked for to go boxes, our fries and our bill.   12:51 another laid back server stopped by asking if we needed anything we said yes, boxes, our other food and the bill....   12:53 boxes arrive....   12:56 bill arrives still no fries....  12:58 I walk over with the 33 dollar bill to the manager and ask how long it takes to make fries, he informs me it takes 6 minutes but they only have one fryer..  I suggest maybe then they only have 5 tables instead of the 20+ in the restaurant that their kitchen can't handle.  I inform him I am not paying a bill for food I haven't even received.  He asked what I wanted him to do about it.    I informed him I would not be signing the bill and I didn't want the food and I walked out.   . . If it is a week day lunch hour, you INFORM your customer that you have 60 minute ticket times PRIOR to themordering.  Give them the opportunity to walk out.  Also don't open a huge restaurant if you do not have the kitchen staff and equipment to serve your dinning room!!!!!!  This place is an absolute train wreck!!!!!  Will never go back, I don't care how great their burgers are.
Boooo.  This place was totally overrated and not worth the money or time.  . . We got to the restaurant around 1:00pm on a Sunday and they told us it was going to be about a 20 minute wait.  We put our time down with the host and went to sit down.  30 minutes later, our name still wasn't called and people who had arrived after us were getting seated before us.  I asked the host how much longer the wait was and he told me he never put our name down on the list.  He said he didn't have the correct name.  This is also after he repeated our name to us TWICE when we first got there.  There was no apology for not having our name down, and when I was asking if they put it under another name by accident, another server or host decides to butt into the conversation and tell me that she called the name of "Alex" about 4 times outside an no one responded.  First of all, I wasn't even talking to you, and second, my name is NOT Alex!  This was already extremely frustrating.  After being seated, the host still never managed to utter an apology for his mistake.. . We sat down, drinks came pretty quickly and was greeted by the server in a pretty timely manner, which was good.  The server took our order and she had said she would bring out the food as it came out, which was totally okay with us.  35 minutes later, we still had no food.  The table next to us, a party of 6, who was sat about 15 minutes after us, who also had ordered the Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries, got their order about 10 minutes after placing it.  I asked the server how much longer our food was going to be because we had already been waiting 35 minutes for the food, she said we were 2 more tickets behind and that they were really busy, so the food came out slower.  We finally got our food after 40 minutes of waiting, only for everything to come out on the table at once.  Half of the things we ordered were cold too.  So after waiting 40 minutes to get our food, we just got cold food?  Seriously?  Yeah, I didn't know that I had to pay this much money for cold food.. . Here's what we ordered:. . Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries:  meh, totally overrated.  The pictures people were posting on Yelp looked fantastic.  However, the egg was overcooked, and the oxtail chili cheese was full of beans and not really much oxtail.  . . Shogun Burger:  Since the ban for foie in CA is arriving soon (which is going to be the absolutely saddest day ever), I got excited when I saw foie in this burger and had to have it.  The foie was extremely overcooked to a point where it was just grainy.  Way to ruin a great tasting food item!  The burger was cooked to a medium well, which I had asked for a medium.  . . Miyagi-San Burger: This burger was definitely better than the crap the Shogun Burger.  It was tasty, but the meat was still overcooked.  Ordered medium, came out medium well.  . . Peking Style Duck Steamed Buns:  This dish was definitely mediocre.  You say Peking Style Duck, and I expect Peking Style Duck.  Some crunchy duck skin, some nice meat.  Instead, the meat seemed to be stir fried in some sauce.  Not exactly what I would expect and had I known it was going to be like this, I would not have ordered it.  The taste was alright, but I definitely would not order it again.. . Salt & Pepper Fries:  Fries?  How could you go wrong?  They put jalapenos inside too, which definitely made it taste better.  It came with a tomato aioli, which was tasty.  But of course, something had to ruin it.  It was cold when we got it.  I don't know about you, but after waiting 40 minutes for food, cold fries aren't going to cut it.. . Overall, this place claims to have the best burgers in Las Vegas.  I'm sure there are plenty of other places you could go to to get better burgers.  This was very mediocre.  While everything sounds amazing, it really isn't.  The taste is alright, but not worth the price and definitely NOT worth the wait.  Plus, the service is absolutely horrible.. . . UPDATE!. There is an owner response to this review that I wrote.  However, the comment back is completely false.  I was pretty much being accused of not having tried the items that I wrote about because it wasn't on my receipt?  I've only been to this location once and I know exactly what I ordered since I went to the restaurant yesterday.  For me to be told that there are things that are inconsistent is ridiculous, given the fact that the receipt that the owner is claiming is my order, was not.  The items that is stated that I ordered wasn't even what I ordered.  It was also said the manager took our order himself.  That was also not the case, given the fact that we never even spoke to the manager once.  We had a server who took our order, just like every other table.  It is also claimed that our ticket was pushed ahead of 3 other tickets.  I think that's funny, since the table next to us, that was sat 30 minutes after us, got their Oxtail Chili Cheese Fries 20 min before us.  This should again show what kind of service this restaurant provides.
The food was fine, but the service was a joke.  When you pay $15 for a burger, you shouldn't have to pay extra to change the kind of cheese on it.  And...when you have to order your fries a la carte for $4...you shouldn't have to pay for extra ketchup.  As we were leaving I had to ask whether I would be charged extra for a box to take the rest of my burger to go...
Flies and (possible) case of mild food poisoning. . Well, originally I would have only taken off a single star for being too cheap to serve Coke, and instead having Pepsi. I've personally never heard a customer explicitly ask for a Pepsi, but I have seen people change their drink order from Coke to water, once they are informed apologetically that the restaurant only serves Pepsi. I've never understood why owners would consider saving a couple of bucks a month more important than giving customers what they want. . As for the food itself, it wasvery good. I also found the pineapple ketchup to be unique and very tasty. . The real problem was that the place was full of flies! It was pretty difficult to enjoy my food while defending it, and myself from the flies. It was pretty disconcerting when one actually flew into my ear! I noticed that I wasn't the only customer spending his time trying to swat the flies away. When the waiter came by to ask me if I needed anything, I told him that I could use a fly swatter. Apparently, judging by the smirk, he either didn't get the not so subtle hint, or couldn't be bothered with trying to fix the problem. Upon leaving, I noticed that they were doing work outside on the chairs. Most likely they couldn't be bothered with closing the back door. . Of course, this was only a mild discomfort, compared to the stomachache and three hurried trips to the bathroom a few hours later. Without expounding too much about what was happening to my GI system, I'm pretty sure the food gave me a mild case of food poisoning. . I'll not be returning to or recommending this restaurant. . Maybe this is the real meaning of, "bachi".
The raw food wasn't the worst part (the "in your face" manager was). . There was water on our table when we were seated (a little creepy, since we couldn't see that it hadn't been previously been given to someone else.  Also, it was unfiltered and had a bad taste.). . We had heard about Bachi Burger on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives and checked out the reviews before going.  The menu was very creative, and my husband and I looked forward to our Truffle Parmesan Fries (which we ordered as an appetizer), Ronin Burger and Kiki's Burger.. . The fries took a while to come out, and while they weren't what we expected, they were delicious.  We were disappointed that we weren't given plates and that they all didn't have truffle flavor, but they were very good overall and the dipping sauce was great.. . The burgers arrived while we were eating our appetizer.. . We both ordered our burgers "rare," and our burgers both came "black and blue."  The toppings on the burgers were tasty (except the egg on my Ronin burger was overdone)  My husband managed to eat half of his burger but really didn't enjoy it.. . Our server never once checked in on us, so my husband wasn't able to send his burger back to be cooked.  When the server finally came back and finally asked us how everything was, my husband told him that his burger was undercooked and said how disappointed he was that the server never checked in with us.  The server offered to have another burger made or to "do something," but my husband didn't want anything other than the check and asked that the server just clear the table.  . . A few minutes later, the "in your face" manager came to the table, shoved the plate under my husband's nose and belligerently told him that the burger was rare.  The manager was really nasty and defensive.  We were shocked by this -- especially since we didn't ask the server to send over the manager.. . The manager came out ready for a fight and refused to try to understand that all my husband wanted was recognition that the server should be trained to check in on tables shortly after food is served so that issues can be dealt with on a timely basis.. . After the manager left, one of the owners overheard that something was wrong and came over to the table.  My husband asked for an apology from the manager.  The manager was brought out and continued to be snarky and defensive. (His apology to my husband was akin to that of a eighth grader whose mother makes him apologize for something that he didn't  think was wrong.). . The table of five next to us also had undercooked burgers and didn't eat most of their food either.  My husband pointed that out to both the owner and the manager while they were at our table.  As you would expect, the manager was defensive, and the owner seemed to listen.  That said, we won't be going back -- not because the burgers were undercooked but because of the shoddy service and the bad attitude of management.. . As I sat there and watched this unfold, all I kept thinking is that this place is probably a few months away from being a candidate for "Restaurant Impossible."  Robert Irvine would NEVER allow staff to berate a customer because the customer complained about being served raw food.. . I understand that restaurants can have an off night but the manager's attitude is simply unforgivable.
Call the health department about the raw food and fire Frank the manager!!!!!!  . . I went to Bachi Burger tonight on the recommendation of a friend.  I ordered a Kiki Burger medium rare.  I typically like hamburgers rare, but this was a burger in a restaurant, so I ordered it medium rare.  I was so hungry I was five bites in before I realized what I was eating....the burger was raw inside.  I asked my friend who was a chef to look too, and she confirmed that it was raw.   Not to mention, it was horribly sweet.  I would have ignored the bad taste, I was starving, but it was disgusting inside.  Raw and cold inside.  . . The manager came over to check on us and I didn't want to say anything, but my husband piped up and said "her burger is rare, and she doesn't like it so she would like to order something else."  Rather than take the plate away and apologize, he started to argue with my husband.  He said "that is how we serve our burgers and if you don't like it, you should have ordered it another way."  My husband said "you are out of your mind if you think that is medium rare....where do you go from here if someone wants a rare burger?  You haven't left yourself any room to be more raw.". . So, now I am uncomfortable.  I didn't want to say anything in the first place, but the manager did ask.  He took the plate away.. . He came back, with the plate in his hand, and demanded my name.  He sort of stood there and asked as if he was going to write my name on the wall in the back.  I was speechless.  My husband told him his name and demanded to know why I was being asked.  The manager then said that he had had a discussion with another manager and they "were concerned that the burger had been half eaten."  I was shocked.  He started attacking me and demanding to know why I had eaten as much of the burger as I had if I "really didn't like it" and that under no circumstances would they refund any money!   . . My husband and I are quite comfortable financially.  We have been fortunate enough to retire well and early and the last thing I would ever do is to try to scam half a hamburger from someone.  Moreover, we never asked to get anything for free.  Now, that doesn't mean I wouldn't expect a decent restaurant to offer.   I have sent food back maybe 5 times in my whole life, and each of those times I was offered free food and had to fight to pay for it anyway.  Most of the time it isn't their fault if I don't like something.  But, this was different....the food was raw.   Even still, we didn't ask for anything for free.   . . My husband was so angry, as was my friend.  I just wanted to crawl under the table and die.  This manager is standing there yelling at me for something I haven't done.  We were ready to walk out, when the manager walked away.  It was only because of the waiter that we stayed.  He was so very kind.  . . The manager then comes back a little while later and tries to apologize.  But, in doing so he makes the snarkiest little comment....he says he will take 25% off and he will give me the burger I sent back in a box to go.  The last thing I wanted was to ever see that burger again.  It was disgusting.  My husband said, if he wanted to take 25% off the check as an apology that might satisfy him.  But, boy was I miserable.  I have so far been fed terrible raw food, been yelled at for not liking it and then treated like a dog when I was told I should take that food home and eat it later..and why did they still have it?   . . When we were ready to go, I found out the manager had taken a lousy 2.50 off!  Turns out he meant he would take 25% off the price of the ten dollar disgusting burger, not the whole check as he should have.  I was vomiting in the bathroom at this time or I would have demanded that we pay the extra $2.50, I don't need his lousy money.  Oh, yes...I was vomiting in the restroom.  It is 5 hours later and I am still doubling over from cramps.  Was it the burger?  Either that, or the potato chips I had earlier in the day.  My bet is on the burger.  .  . I should have taken that mealy burger to go so I could show it to the health department.  . . My friend was so embarrassed that she had suggested the place, my husband was put in a miserable position, and I was in tears (at least on the inside, on the outside, I think I kept the tears from falling.)  Why did he ask my name?  Why did he tell me that it was my fault that I didn't know that medium rare meant raw inside to them?  Why did he assume I was trying to steal from him?  I am a size 8.  do I look like someone who tries to steal a half a hamburger?  Why did I eat that awful burger and have to have these awful cramps all night?  Oh why oh why did I ever go to Bachi burger????. .  . Update:  The owner was kind and after he heard about this said that Frank had been spoken to and he apologized deeply and said this is not the kind of service they expect...and he gave my friend a gift card and even waited on us when we retur
Thought this place was going to be great based on reviews and all the attention it's received. I left wanting to punch Guy Fieri in the face. . First off, the small seating area while you're waiting for your table resembles that of a cheap nail salon. Fortunately, my wait was only about 15 minutes. . We did wait longer than normal to be greeted by our waiter. For drinks we just stuck to 2 waters...being that a simple unsweetened tea would run us $3 each. I waited -again-for straws, and after the waiter took our order, we literally never saw him again until it was time for the check. It was later explained to us later that our original waiter was "overwhelmed". ...By life? . . I ordered the pork belly on the steamed buns and my husband stuck to a simple bbq cheddar and bacon burger. We ordered onion rings and sweet potato fries as our sides. The fries were beyond boring and bland, similar to what I'd get in any simple diner.... any flavor came from the rancid side sauce that came with our serving and it was completely over-powered by orange zest! The onion rings were soaked in oil. I couldn't even pick one up without a fork because my fingers were covered in grease! Gross! . . Now, despite being disappointed thus far, I still expected great things!. Those pork sliders are pretty much burned in my memory forever....and not in a good way. I usually enjoy pork. I wasn't too familiar with pork belly, but I figured that while I expected it to be fatty, I still expected seared, salty crispiness. My very first bite was a full bite of jello. That was exactly the texture with zero taste to it. Completely disgusted me. No sear, no crisp. . The sauces could barely be identified and the described "cilantro and scallions" was more like fresh parsley. That's all. You can't fool me! . . I gave up after the first few bites and mainly picked at the bun. My husband gave it a try and he was turned off by the amount of fat, as well as how soggy it made the bun. . The "asian flare" just made his burger taste way too sweet. The bacon was floppy, which leads me to believe nothing is cooked properly in this place. . . It just came across as them combining flavors for the hell of it. Slap gourmet, or "fusion" on something and people out here are impressed. . When we arrived it was very busy and so, SO very loud! But the tables cleared out quickly and yet I noticed a lot of people were still kept waiting. . . Overall, I would not return. I normally wouldn't swear something off based on one bad menu pick, but it doesn't seem like you can win with this place.
I came to this location last night at approximately 6:30 pm. Approaching the host stand, a tall brown-haired host told us the wait would be about 45 minutes for a party of 2, which is fine, considering its a busy place on a Friday night. After about 10 minutes, we were trying to decide if we wanted to stay or go somewhere else so we decided to see if there would be a table sooner considering parties of 2 are the easiest to seat (I work in a busy, upscale Strip restaurant, as a host).  I told my boyfriend to go check with the host and we were treated with complete disrespect. The host said,"Well, since you waited 10 minutes and I told you 45, that means that you have 35 minutes left. Do the math in your head." . . . Wow, right?! . . . If I said that to my guests, I would not have a job.. . I also called the manager today and told him what had happened and he did not seem to care, at all. He just listened, then said "thank you, have a nice day." . . Their burgers are good but not that great to be treated like that.
this place was featured on tv show and i was not impressed at all. 1st-we waited almost 10 minutes to be seated, really?? the restaurant was not FULL at all... 2nd i ordered the oxtail chili cheese fries served no OXTAIL, chili tasted like canned chili which was a big downer:( i wanted to try the pork belly steamed buns...it was good, but nothing to salivate over... mom and sister ordered the burger with kimchee and burger was, again, NOTHING to brag about...needless to say, i wont be back to that spot again.
Another over rated and over priced burger place, dry wagyu burger...what a shame, ordered it medium rare and was over cooked to medium well..
Second time i went to bachi each time hopeing for the best. starters each time where cold fries that are cold suck i dont know why all the servers their and they cant get the food to you while its atleast warm kitchen is no more then 20 feet from the farthest table . I got my brother a peanut butter milk shake it was good but it was hotter then the truffle fries i brought it up to my other brother and he thought it was weird that they had warm milkshakes . When our burgers came i was the only one to get med rare at the table and it was med almost med well my med rare was but into some one at my tables set up and my burger also didnt have all the toppings for it i asked the waitress and she said oh its just a small layer i took apart my bugers and said where is it .I hate places like this gets good reveiws and you check it out and its Crap People have higher standers Big Dogs Is way better their servers are nicer and burgers are better and have micro brews their
This review is solely about the service. I have been dining here since they opened. I have brought family, friends, and my boyfriend here. I have never been so disappointed with service until tonight's visit. I was asked what I wanted to drink and I said water. Few minutes later the bf got his soda, but forgot my water. We were sat right next to the kitchen, so it was hard to miss us. Servers, busser, hostess, and managers passed by me all the time. They saw me not having my drink on my table. I work in this industry, and I know how hectic it gets during busy hours, but to not even drop off a glass of water!?!? I wanted to wait until anyone noticed that I haven't had a drink in front of me for more thank half an hour. Unfortunately, no one noticed. My burger finally came so i just asked the food runner for my water. Seriously Bachi Burger?!?! My burger came first than a glass of water? Guys, train your staff properly or your business will go down as quickly as you went up. If I was a secret shopper your business would have been in deep trouble. I have seen you guys grow since you opened, and I am very disappointed with the service. The last time we were here my bf wanted a milkshake. He waited for his shake longer than I waited for my water. As we were almost finishing up our meals the server goes up to us and informs us that they're out of milk. Our recent experience here really reminded me why we do not dine here often. Guys, step up your game! How can you mess up something so easy like water? Tsk tsk Bachi Burger! :(
I got to say I was not impressed.  My husband and daughters have dined here in the past, but last night was my first experience and it was not good.  We took 6 people there from out of town and it was around 8PM.  We were seated rather quickly and then the troubles began.  My guests ordered the tapioca drinks and the rest of our party ordered beers and cider.  Beers and cider were brought to the table quickly, but halfway into receiving appetizers, tapioca drinks were still missing.  I said something to the server and then a little while later those drinks came out, dripping all over the table and it was quite a mess.  I was stunned that no one in the kitchen had the sense to wipe and clean the glasses off.  On to appetizers.  We ordered shrimp chips, no cigar.  They were out of them.  Truffle fries were just so so.  The Oxtail fries were not the greatest.  The beans were far too raw. I am not talking al dente, rather RAW.  Now come our burgers.  I ordered the Kiki, medium well.  It so happens I get the mid rare. When the overly zealous manager came to check on how everything was I showed him my not so cooked burger.  He took it away.  15 minutes later, everyone else at the table was done eating and my burger appears.  Not a newly fired one, but the one I took a bite out of.  I thought they should have redone my order, not try to recook it.  All in all, I was very disappointed and somewhat embarrassed taking some very important people there.  And, our tab was in excess of $120, which, in my opinion, is a little pricey for what we got.
Bachi WAS my favorite restaurant but I'm sad to say it's off my list for good. I've been an avid diner since their opening. It's literally a block from my house and has very unique eats. The service has always been hit or miss, but I've always returned because the food proved to be on point. With that said, my last dining experience was terrible - service and food..  . 1. Our beer glasses were delivered hot and dirty.. 2. Our fries were delivered cold.. 3. Their burgers are served medium, so I always ask for medium well. My boyfriend asked for medium. Mine was served bloody and his was served well done. He ate his unhappily but I could not stomach mine and after we had to literally flagged down the waiter, I sent mine back. He brought back the same burger (which I had cut into) with the meat cooked to well. Again, not medium well. I found it to be odd that they would just reheat the patty, but oh well, I ate it. Mind you, this was delivered well after my boyfriend had finished his burger (I told him to go ahead because I did not want his to get as cold as our fries). . 4. Nothing was done to make this right. I posted on Facebook, tagged them, and sent a comment to their fan page ... and nothing. . . I realize dining experiences aren't always perfect; however, they should have comped my burger or offered a free dessert. This is why I turned to their fan page on Facebook and still nothing was done to rectify the situation. I'm saddened to say, we will not return to our once fav spot to eat.
Once again, the upwardly mobile citizens of Las Vegas who have moved out of their trailer parks and into tract homes have sold me down the river.. . First of all, the music (like so many restaurants in this town) is so loud that you can't have a conversation with the company at your table.  Is this to cover up the Mexican families 5 little brats screaming or the weathered strippers puffed up boyfriend seated next to your table's homophobic rant about how 'he crushed that little f**'' ?. Anyways the service is very poor from the tattooed waitress I had.  Certainly no training or even effort involved.  Bad attitude, although it did make me feel like I was back home in Portland.. . She plopped down my undercooked $13 burger with no fries and left, never to be seen again until she plopped down my bill.. . No thanks Bachi. I will never be back.
I have been going here since the doors opened. Unfortunately the quality of food and service is going downhill. The last few times I have ordered burgers the buns have been stale and hard. The first time I overlooked it. Things happen. Tonight I ordered the Crusty Crab burgers to go. I waited for them to be prepared then took them home. I live less than five minutes away. Once again the buns were stale and hard. This time I called to complain. The manager on duty said the buns were fine. He offered to replace the buns.. Not remake the sandwiches. That was a horrible remedy for a bed situation. I will never go back again. What a shame!!
Made it on my top ten worst burger.. Oxtail chili cheese fries are overrated. . . Dry meat, couldn't taste any of the ingredients on the burger cause over powered by the sauce. . Bun was a stale sweet roll.. Not to mention, everything was slightly sweet, which gets really boring for the palate. . . They do cook an egg well. . . Will not be back.  Feel gross and ripped off.
If you have food allergies this is not the place for you. They cook EVERYTHING on their menu in peanut oil, and this is not posted anywhere in the restaurant or on the menu. The food was under or overcooked, they cannot handle groups larger than 8 or 9. The server and all the other members of the staff were rude and uninformed when I inquired about food allergies. I would not go here again, even if I did not have allergies.
I can not review the food as we were never served.  I can't even tell you if the water was decent, because no one ever came to the table.  We sat there for 15 minutes, while wait staff walked around us, never looking at us.  Unfortunately, we hadn't eaten all day and decided to finally try Bachi spurred on by seeing it Triple D of the Food Network.  It was only 4:30 in the afternoon and the tables weren't even full.  We saw others sitting around in the various stages of not being served, some had empty glasses of water and some had drinks, but they all still had their menus and had the same look my table did...what the heck?. . The menu looked good, but to us, service is so important.  There are just too many choices in Las Vegas to be ignored like we were.
I have never had Bachi Burger and was very excited to try as I have heard great reviews about the food. When we arrived it was an hour + wait and we still put our name down. We came back 45 minutes later and found out a different lady was working and had skipped us. When asked she made it aware to us she skipped us even though we were there earlier than our spoken time. The hostess that was working 2/17 between the time of 2:30-3:00pm with black glasses and nose ring was extremely rude and condescending and we then told her that we would not be eating there due to her rude energy. If you cannot serve do not be in the service industry. Sorry Bachi Burger but one rude employee can tarnish a lot. On to the one at Sahara!
Well, first the wait was long, so I figured there must have been a good reason. There were many tables open for so e reason though.  We stayed, and got some drinks at the bar while we waited. First, my husband got a milkshake and thought it would be cool if they could put a shot in it. Since it WAS a bar and all. Well, the bartender obliged, but all the while telling all of his coworkers how crazy it was and weird and laughing about it. Making us feel pretty bad.  So we sit down, it's freeeeeeeeeeeezing cold inside. People are visibly shivering. We get our meal, I got the no meat burger, the consistency was so weird and mushy,it just feel apart in my hands!!( I've had plenty of '.no meat' burgers that at least had the consistency of a burger!!!!!)  The waiter was supposed to deliver us our fries with our burgers, but he comes back to our table, when we inquire about them and acts as if we NEVER ordered them!!!!!!!! He said it would be another 5 or so minutes.. By the time we would have gotten those fries my burger would have been STONE COLD!!!!! So I said forget it, lets just go....... It was an awful experience, never going again. Honestly, I felt like I was in that show "Kitchen Nightmares".... Get a new manager for real. . THIS PLACE IS HIGHLY OVERRATED!!!!!!!!!
Such a disappointment!!!!!!. . I've had Bachi burger bookmarked for the longest and even had friends who went and loved it! So, today, while choosing a place to eat, I chose Bachi over Max Brenner. Yep. Big mistake. . . We ordered the truffle parmesan fries and salt and pepper fries.. For our burgers we ordered the ronin burger and spicy miso.. . We waited 30 minutes for our fries and after complaining, our waitress said she didn't know we wanted the fries to come out first. Wthh.... . She gave us the sauces free of charge which was nice of her. Even though ALL the sauces tasted weird and citrusy. I thought the pineaple ketchup would taste like the special ketchup at Umami but it didn't. As matter a fact it tasted like regular ketchup.. . Our fries finally came out and I was disappointed with my truffle parmesan fries. The truffle sauce were drizzled lightly and only got on the first layer of fries.. Our burgers came out looking so delicious! We both ordered rare. Taking the first bite of my miso burger, I could taste a slight miso taste and then just like that, it went away. And that was it. No other taste! From that point on it tasted like i was eating tasteless meat. The meat were tender but not juicy. I didn't even bother trying boyfriend's burger because he said the same thing about his.
Dropped by this place for lunch, didn't seem all that busy, I saw 6 empty tables, but when I said  I was by myself, I was told it would be about 10 minutes before a spot at the bar would open up.. . I'm sorry, but at the lunch hour, you won't sit a single at a table, you lose my business.  Walked out
Didn't make it to the food.  I've been in vegas for 14 years and this is without question the worst service I've experienced.  I (and 4 others with me) work in the area, eat well, tip well, and don't worry about the cost.  Won't go back there again.  If there's any kind of wait, I'd suggest you find another option.
I no longer understand why my friends and I bothered to stand and wait 40 minutes for these overpriced burgers, but I do know that I will never do it again.  The burgers may be good but no amount of good food can make up for the stupid long waits and terrible service.  Today after waiting 40 minutes we watched as our table was given away to a group that had just arrived.  The hostess was indifferent to the fact that we had been waiting and this was the last straw.. . Don't waste your time waiting to pay $15+ for a burger only marginally better than the DairyQueen across the parking lot (my friends and I now call DQ "Bachi Burger East").
My group of 3 and 20 other people sat and stared waiting for a half hour at 6 open and set 4 top tables. The hostess is completely clueless and should fired immediately. Food was good but their incompetence ruined it for me. Plus, I didnt like getting charged $1.50 for parma cheese when it was supposed to be on the fries that I ordered...
Here were my observations:. . * The servers acted like robots. * The servers were completely annoying and intrusive. * The food is far too rich. * The prices are completely unjustified. * The place is annoyingly loud. * The place feels cramped. * The concept is a "joke" . . Likelihood of returning?   2 to 3%.
My friends went on and on about how awesome this place was.  They saw this air on T.V. and have been fans every since.  So I agreed to meet them there.  They have some very bizarre "Policies" that you should know about.  First, when I walked in, I asked to be put on the wait list.  They do not put you down on the wait list until all parties have arrived per "policy".  So, had to wait for their arrival.  Meanwhile, the place was cramped with people waiting to be seated.  I witnessed many people come in and leave because of the 45 minute wait (It's 1pm mind you). We were seated and some guy comes up and slams waters down in front of us and leaves.  He spoke not one word to us.  I was shocked and starving.  Finally, another waiter comes by and takes our order.  I ordered just a regular bachi burger and asked for a second to be cut in half.  By "policy" they do not cut the food for you, but they'll bring you a knife.  What kind of place is this?  The burgers finally come out and I was very disappointed.  The outside of the burger was almost charred, the inside very dry.  Plus, it wasn't served with any fries.  You have to order those extra!!  Wow.  Would have been nice if the server had told me that when I was ordering.  The food was overpriced.  a lemonade was $4.00  They're trying to be this snobbish burger joint when really it's not all that.  Seriously?  I will never go there again.  Oh, and by the way, their waiters are rude and don't even talk to you.  I looked on the receipt and now I know why.  Because their tips are included.  They feel like they're getting tipped regardless, so they can treat you however they please.  I do not understand why people think this place is so great.
Before I go in to why I gave a 1 star rating please know that this was my third time eating at Bachi burger before writing a review.. . Wait time: Always a wait. . Ambiance: Not laid out well. You are sitting in a row of 50 other people eating 2 feet next to you. It feels like a school cafeteria. Last time we came they were going through a remodel. Maybe they added a few barstools.. . Food:Fries brought out 15 min before the burger. They were soggy when they brought them out. Ordered the burgers medium/well because my girlfriend just recently had food poisoning so we didnt want to take any chances. Both of our burgers came out COMPLETElY RARE on the inside. Its was seriously cold uncooked meat in both of our burgers. . . Staff: This is the absolute most horrible part about our experience. I seriously cannot believe that the owner has so many unexperienced employees that allare running around like chickens with their heads cut off. We first sat at a table and after no one saying a word to us for 5 minutes, we decided to move to the bar in hopes of getting some service. Sat at the bar for another 5 minutes until a gentlemen named John who I later found out was the manager came up to us asking if we needed anything.  I answered "yes we have not been helped yet, we're ready to order". This guy gives me the most blank stare like he was stoned out of his mind and says "ok one second". He proceeds to go behind behind the bar and walks over to this kid with  mo-hawk like hair who's busy making drinks and points at us while telling him something. The mo-hawk guy shrugs his shoulders and the manager walks away. A few moments later a girl with blonde hair comes over an takes our order. Fries come out first. Soggy and not good. We look around for the waitress or manager who are both nowhere to be found to send the fries back. Here comes the most crazy thing I have ever seen in a restaurant in my life. The manager walks behind the bar, grabs a bottle of Fireball Whisky, and pours 2 shots in to shot glasses. He taps the mo-hawk guy on the shoulder, hands him a shot very sneaky like and starts walking towards my girlfriend and I. Right when I was about to open my mouth to say something about the fries he bends down right in front of us pretending to tie his shoe or something and takes the shot. He literally stands up with the most disgusted look on his face (as all people have when doing fireball). My girlfriend and I both sat there with our mouths dropped open. He knew instantly that he was busted. (stealing alcohol and drinking while "managing") He disappeared in the back room and the mo-hawk guy went back to making drinks. Our burgers came out a few minutes later. We both checked to make sure the burgers were plenty cooked. Cold rare meat. They were slightly seared on the outside. I figured The girl didnt hear me right and rang them up as medium/rare on accident. When she came by the bar I flagged her down showing her the burger and the uncooked meat. She asks us if we want the burgers remade. I said politely to her "no thank you, we've actually been having a really bad experience. Nothing to do with you." Her only answer to that statement was "OK" then she walked away as if she was upset for some reason? I didnt know what that meant so I sat there for another minute when she came back to the bar and says to me "Well I checked the order and I put it in medium/well how you asked. Sorry you didnt like it". She then drops the check on the counter and walks away. I was very surprised that she not only brought me the check for food that we didnt take one bite of, but she didnt even bring a manager out or address our concerns. I immediately said I wanted to talk to the manager but I did not want to talk to the guy who was doing shots of fireball behind the bar. The blonde stared at me and looked at another server who said to her "John" implying that he was well aware of John drinking on the job. They told me that he was the only manager there but the nice male server agreed with me that I shouldnt have to talk to a drunk manager about my issues. He gave me the name of the owner "Aaron" and let them know I was not paying for food I didnt eat and I wanted to talk to the owner tomorrow to let him know about my experience. I could show him all the problems with his restaurant starting with his so called "manager" who stands around doing shots instead of trying to help the business flow better. This place needs to go on bar rescue. I hope the owner sees this and does something about it. He needs to get some real staff in there with rules and that know a thing or two about customer service.
