We were excited about going to Mix because we heard great things about it.  . . First off, the host was rather unfriendly as he guided us to our table.  Our waitress seemed too busy to give us attention, although we did see her chatting with other staff members.  When we tried to order a sampler dish, she told us that my wife and I BOTH had to order the dish or else we couldn't have it.  Later on, our friends told us that they were able to order the sampler dish without a problem.. . I ordered the sea bass and my wife ordered the halibut.  For 38 and 48 dollars respectively, both fish were slightly overcooked although the flavors were okay.  We are not big eaters, but the filets were so small, there weren't many vegetables (we had to order an additional side of asparagus) and even after dessert and almost 200 dollars later, we were still hungry after our meh dishes.. . When we were done, our waitress walked by and dropped the check on our table before we asked for it.  Only after she inspected the generous tip that we still left her did she look up at us and say thank you.  . . The quality of the dishes were on par with the buffet at Bellagio.  We would be more than happy to pay for food that's made with attention and flavor, and served with politeness.  However, after this experience, we will not go to Mix again.
If there was a ZERO STAR, this restaurant would get it. Horrible service. We ordered and they brought us out an appetizer. After we finished our pompous waiter walked by about 20 times looking at the dirty dishes left on our table. He never went to remove them, but rather went to another table down from ours and proceeded to have a 20 min conversation with them. Our food finally arrived, but they could not put it on our table as our appetizer plates were still there. My husband cut into his steak that was supposed to be medium and it was raw. We waited patiently for our waiter to come and ask us if everything was alright but instead he kept talking to the other table completely ignoring us. We finally flagged down another waiter who helped us and returned the steak to be further cooked. The steak came back again raw. At that point in time we lost it and sent it back and asked for our ck. The staff was very dismissive. Basically could care less. In this economy you would think that they would bend over backwards to want to make a customer happy. I had the Cod, and it tasted like Paula Deen had sent in 10 pounds of butter for the dish. Overall, very disappointing. We come to Vegas several times a year for conventions and always want to try new places. We love Olives at the Bellagio and rave about Aureloe at Mandalay Bay. Maybe it is because Mix is owned by the hotel and not separate so the hotel supports it . When we left, everyone in the elevator echoed our feelings on Mix. Very pompous staff, over priced andrude. NEVER AGAIN. Hopefully next time they will be out of business.  Eiffel Tower and Stratosphere has a better view !!! All the tables at Mix point toward the center of the dining room and away from the view.
ok  it is a great view of the city.. but we came here for a big private party.. and after last call and the lights came on and the security instantly started to yell and make everyone go to the elevators.  he was extremely RUDE.. . im not a drink so i was sober so my view was not from the drunken eye... there was no need for him to yell at everyone to get us out. i understand that it is closing time and people need to leave... but when someone comes in and spends a lot of money at your place give them a moment to walk out the door before you go hooting and hollering!
I should have ate at the Sizzler 25 times instead of once here.. . Actual Rating: 1.5 stars.  We chose MIX based on the previous yelper's reviews, their chef, and multitude of previous favorable foodie reviews.   If it wasn't for all the amazing views, I would have rated this 1 star. . . Despite making our reservation over 2 months ago, we some how ended up in the corner seat next to the fake bamboo with no view, even though there we asked to be seated at a table with a view.  Apparently, those tables were "reserved".   Funny, I thought I had a reservation. . . The very first words out of our waiter's mouth were not something like: "Hello, my name is X, welcome to Mix".  Instead, they were:  " Hello folks, I'm sure you know our chef was recently rated best in the world."  followed by a soliliquy bragging of the place's rave reviews.  . . Long story short: The food was no better here than at a standard resort casino cafe. 2 of us ordered the lobster, 1 chicken, and 1 "The Perfect Bite" steak dish.  The two who ordered the lobster actually sent it back, YES, that's right I said it: The best chef in the world had 2 lobster dishes sent back to him.  It was hard, rubbery, cooked incorrectly, and tasted stale drenched in a butter curry sauce. Chicken was not even all that great.  And being from Chicago, the steak had nothing on any one of the steak joints you would find in downtown Chicago.  Also ordered 6 appetizers including 2- $24 vegetable cookpots which tasted like bagged frozen veggies - presented well in a ramekin dish.   Desserts?  Oh yeah, we ordered them but I honestly cannot remember what they were, so they must have been nothing to write home about. . . Some guy with a fake french accent came over after we sent back the lobster dishes; apparently annoyed, and asked if we wanted to try anything more.  Ummmm... no thanks, especially if it tastes like that!  . . I will share with you something good-   When you use the urinal in the men's room, there is a fantastic view of Mandalay Bay to keep you occupied while you relieve yourself.  . . I should have spent more time in the bathroom, perhaps I would have had a better experience.
We went to Mix with a party of eight to celebrate my friend's 30th birthday.  While the views and the interior of the restaurant were amazing, the food and service left much to be desired.  To begin with, the hostess didn't ask if we'd prefer to sit inside or outside.  We ended up sitting outside...the heat and the altitude began to make us all feel nauseated.  I also made the mistake of wearing heels to the restaurant...the floor of the patio was like a deck and my heel kept getting stuck in the floor.  Also, every time someone walked by the table, it felt like the floor was shaking (wish I would have known to bring dramamine to dinner).  When the waiter came to our table he asked if we had a show to attend.  We should have said yes as this might have lead to quicker service.  We ended up not ordering wine or cocktails for the table (due to the nausea), and the waiter seemed to write our table off.  After we placed our food order, it took an hour for dinner to come.  While the food (when it did come) wasn't terrible, it definitely wasn't worth the $90/person we ended up spending.  The waiter didn't come to check on us at all throughout the meal.  He even spent 20 minutes flirting with some girls at the table next to us while we were waiting for our bill.  When we complained to the manager at the end of the meal, he asked why we didn't come speak with him since he was outside the whole time.  I don't know about your experiences, but in other restaurants, the manager usually circulates and checks on each table themselves rather than waiting for diners to come up to them.  One of the worst dining experiences I've ever had.  I will definitely not be going back to Mix.
This is for the RESTAURANT PORTION of Mix. Don't be FOOLED by the 4 star reviews for MIX the lounge. You'll hate it.. . I can't help but rate 1 with the terrible service we received at the restaurant last weekend.. . We went to Vegas for Uncork'd but because my 30th Birthday had just passed we wanted to do an intimate dinner with close friends. Part of why we chose to stay at THEhotel at Mandalay was because we knew we wanted to have dinner at Mix. The views were gorgeous and the interior was just right up my alley.. . When we made reservations for the hotel, we also made reservations for Mix so it was well in advance. Close to 3 weeks. At that time we were not asked if we wanted to sit outside. We didn't even know there was outdoor seating for dinner. I thought that was only part of the lounge area.. . First mistake was sitting us outside without asking if it was ok till later in the evening. It was a little hot for 8pm, but we figure with the views and the soon to be ordered drinks, it would be fine. We didn't think we'd be there for 2.5 hours anyway.. . 30 minutes pass and all we have so far is water and a menu. The waiter, I believe his name was Lukas, finally comes with the drink and wine menu along with the specials. He was actually pretty knowledgeable about the food so that was probably the first (and only) good sign.. . He comes back to take our order 15 minutes later - still with only water. We ask for bread. Awesome. We have to ask for our own bread when it's obvious the tables around us have bread (and drinks). At this point, no one even wants to drink because the moment has passed. We're 45 minutes into the dinner with water and a menu. WTF? It's not even busy.. . So we order. . . And then we wait and wait and wait. And laugh about waiting because it's just so ridiculous.. . Over an hour into our 8pm reservations we have a glass of water with no ice in warm summers night, a couple cocktails because the service somehow managed to take away our fun spirits (and we're a rowdy but classy bunch) and some bread.. . Oh but you know who had fun? The waiter sure did. This Mother F'n waiter sure was chatting it up with some ladies behind us. We saw the water guy more than him.. . Close to 2 hours we manage to swoop up a bus boy to ask about our food. He says he'll check with our waiter and a few minutes later our food comes out. Did we just have to remind the bus boy, to remind the waiter, that he has a table to serve? Don't you watch Top Chef? Don't you know the chef's are bustin' their chops to get the food fired up?!. . Our food was luke warm - not hot - which leaves me to believe some dishes were sitting out while this jerk flirted with the ladies. Who by the way, were not all that. I ain't mad at the cougars though.. . By the end of the meal - we don't even want whatever the heck it is they do for birthdays - we just ask for the check. He then said "are you sure you don't wanna see the dessert menu?" We all kinda said no no no at the same time wanting to get the f*ck outta there and then he said "I'll bring you out something anyway on the house for the trouble" - he then brings out this crap that we saw him serving to everyone around us. So no, you're not sorry at all.. . You just want your $100+ mandatory gratuity for a party of 8 that you didn't actually wait on and instead dodged our table for over 2 hours while the bus boy served us water.. . We talk to the manager afterwards looking for a sincere apology and instead he decides to blame us for not seeking him during dinner. WTF? Why don't you get off your lazy a-hole and ask if your tables are doing ok if your waiters aren't doing the job.. . Seriously, this was the worst birthday experience myself and friends have ever had to endure. . . And the worse part was that this guy got $100+ tip. I would have rather gave that to the guy serving us water all night long.. . Oh and the food? Fish was overcooked which sucks because it was the Sea bass which apparently has been on the menu since day one... but because it was probably sitting out for 30 minutes probably over cooked. The filet's were good. Nothing amazing. . . Sad sad sad. We were defeated that night and had to head back to the room and rally up some cocktails.. . The only GOOD thing about this night was that it was our first night in Vegas and made us make sure the rest of the trip was a-hole free. Well done MIX!
We were there on Saturday and were shocked to learn that no tasting menu available because thet were too busy. Yeah right, if there's no tasting menu, then post it on the website so we would not have gone! The food is just so so; the foie gras was a bit tough, the mac and cheese was a huge disappointment and the filet was tasteless. The best thing is the view. For really good food, try Aureole instead. Been there three times and never been disappointed.
I arrived at 7pm on Friday night and was coldly greeted by hostess who immediately introduced me to the manager..i was thinking this is strange.  The man made it clear that my $90 flip flops were not allowed in the "Mix".  Clearly he couldn't find a table that could hide my exposed toes as there was only 3 other tables in the place.  Unfortunately this is whats wrong with Las Vegas fine dining establishments.  This is why the Guy Savoys and Mix's of the strip are hurting as the they turn away paying guests when they have an empty restaurant.  I took my family and spent my $700 at Strip steak where they welcomed my cash...hmmmm
Tried to get in but we forgot our ID in our hotel room so we went to get it. When we came back a different bouncer said that there was a dress code and that my husband wasn't wearing appropriate footwear ( he had on sandals because it's summer and, uhhh, it's hot). Mind you, he also had on a button down shirt and slacks. We may have been able to get in with a bit of persuasion but my husband had given up. Another reviewer said there was no dress code, but they turned the guy behind us away because he was wearing shorts.  . . Would love to have seen the space.
This review is based on the lounge.. . We came here on a Thursday night, was amazed by the view, heads poppin' and body groovin to the DJ set, enjoying our &7.50+ beers-$16 mixed drinks when we see this guy with a mohawk started break dancing in the middle of the dance floor.. . OK cool, someone's trying to warm up the dance floor and entertaining those two ladies that needed dance partners.  Next thing I know, the same mohawk guy keeps on trying to break dance.  It's like WHAT THE HECK??!!  A song or two to break dance is OK but from what I saw, a lot of people moved off the floor and some started leaving.  Did I mention this guy was also wearing T-shirt and Tennis shoes?  C'Mon.  For a place that's inside THE HOTEL by Mandalay Bay, you would've thought that they have standards there.. . When I go to Vegas clubs, ESPECIALLY on the strip, I expect for everyone to be dressed up or casually dressed up nicely and dancing the way they should!  You would think that they set a certain ambiance with all the soft lighting, view and the service but I guess not.  I understand that you can pay off certain guys to let you go in if you're not up to the dress code but someone needed to step in and ask the guy to chill.. . One good thing I liked about this lounge is that you actually have table/chairs that you can sit on and enjoy your company and it's by the DJ booth.  Thank goodness that we didn't have to pay for to get in but still....If they want people to start dancing, they need to hire party girls to interact with the customers and pump the crowd =)
Made reservations here several weeks ago for my friend's bachelorette party.  We had high expectations but they were quickly shattered.  I read in several other reviews about the poor service - this is unfortunately quite true!  It took an hour and a half for us to get our food and we only ordered entrees.  Most ladies at our table ordered steaks and when one of them was not prepared according to how it was ordered we were given attitude from the server like it was our fault.  The manager was able to get 'approval' from the head chef to remove the uncooked steak from our bill.  We had also asked if we could move to a table outside as there were several open ones and we were told that it was not possible.    . . Average cost of an entree is $50 - you expect fabulous food and service for this price - I do not recommend dining here if you want an experience worth your time and money.   There are plenty of other wonderful restaurants in Vegas that will far exceed your expectations and blow this place out of the water.  The food wasn't even that good and paying $40 for 8 pieces of gnocchi is outrageous.  Go somewhere else!
I had high hopes for a special splurge dinner while in Vegas and this was a horrible place to bet on.  I'll get the food out of the way---we had two entrees that were both amazing, fish cooked to perfection with some very unique flavors...the rest of the experience was horrible and the food doesn't make up for it.  Here are a summary of my issues:. 1.  No one at the top of the elevator, and no staff in the bar so we sort of wandered around aimlessly until we walked through the dining room and found a host---and  she was rude and not very welcoming.  . 2.  She sat us at a table, our first interaction with a staff member was 20 minutes later when the waiter who was running around like he was the only one in the whole restaurant told us it would be just a second and he'd come over.... 3.  Another 20 minutes or so and he took our wine orders and told us the specials but didn't take our food order.... 4.  At that point I was ready to walk out and I am typically the one telling my boyfriend to relax etc and give people a chance, at this point I was like lets go...but we had planned this etc and were really looking forward to it and it was really late.  . 5.  We got our food, just the two entrees, after almost an hour and half---we skipped any apps at this point because we wanted to be done before breakfast.  Oh, and after an hour they brought our two glasses of wine, one of which was wrong (brought a red instead of the white we ordered) but we weren't going to attempt to see how long it would take for the correct one.  . 6.  They must have told them to push the desserts because after the entrees the waiter was all over us until we said no, at which point it again took way longer than necessary for him to get our check etc.  . 7.  After the experience I realized that I felt so tense during it because our waiter, who didn't have an absurd number of tables, and they were all just tables of two, was in such a tizzy he made me feel anxious and like I should be in a tizzy, only I was the one stuck with wine I hadn't ordered waiting for food.  . 8.  The people that were seated 45 minutes after us ordered after they had been at the table only 15 or so minutes---right after we got to order.  . . The tables that were already seated when we got there all skipped dessert and it appeared had similar slow waiting experiences since they all seemed to have chatted enough to get to know one another and made comments to other tables about how they weren't going to wait for dessert.  . . Coming from DC and being used to paying for restaurants on the expensive end Mix set a new low for HORRID service.  . . Go for it, tell the guys at the elevator downstairs that you want to go up and get a drink and look out the balcony, don't waste time paying for a drink, and skip the meal unless you want to commit hours of your life---honestly there are other places where you can pay less, get good food, get a view, and be treated like individuals who are respected and wanted.  . . My advice, don't go and don't waste your time...oh but there is a cool view of the strip from the elevator which is on the exterior of the building.
Great View, but that's it. . . I think the best way to say this is to tell you about our experience is to start with the little added extra Madelines that were given to us at the end of the meal. They were identical to Costco and served with Nutella.  Definitely NOT one of the chef's best meals. The food was mediocre at best. The service was good, but the staff kept dropping plates and running around the table. The wine pairings were inexpensive and very well thought out, but that didn't make up for the problems with this place. . . As you walk in the door, you enter a BLACK foyer. If you wander through to the other end of the restaurant, you can find the hostess desk. No one will guide you there, you are on your own. The restrooms are scary. . . The best way to enjoy this place is on the patio for a drink in the lounge. You can enjoy the excellent view of the strip, and then go to dinner somewhere else.
If I had to describe this place in 1 word: douchey!  I had been so looking forward to trying MIX and the culinary creations of Alaine Ducasse.  It was my birthday and I got all glammed up to go out on the town with the boyfriend for a magical dinner with decadent food and wonderful service.  That would not be the case on this night!. . It all started with a half hour wait just to get ANYbody to stop by our table and offer us a glass of water.  Disappointed, but not ready to give up yet we ordered a bottle of wine and and appetizer, which took almost another half hour to receive.  The food was just ok, not worthy of the premium pricing.. . The booths are super cute, Jetson-esk little domes (for lack of a better description.)  Random noise & conversation carries surprisingly well throughout the restaurant.  Well, just as our main courses are arriving we overhear our waiter, who couldn't possibly have been more unpleasant all night, talking smack about us because we are drinking regular water instead of paying for the premium water.. . I have absolutely no idea how MIX ever received Michelin stars.  We didn't interact with a single member of the service staff that I can offer a single compliment.  As soon as we finished our entrees we promptly left to find another venue for dessert.  We paid quite a bit of money to receive service levels that were just down right painful.
I ate here with a group of 7 friends this past weekend.  We all had one of the two prix fixe menus with the wine pairings.  Overall, our experience was disappointing:. The Good:. -the restaurant is beautiful and the view is unparalleled. -the food was good, but not great. The Bad:. -the food servings (the filet in particular) were too small for the price. -the wine pairings were underwhelming.  There were at least two wines that all of us disliked. -the service was poor.  The waiting staff was slow to begin with and quickly petered out.  By the end, our table felt ignored for a good half hour.. -the restrooms are pathetic--just sad.. The Ugly:. -our waiter tried to overcharge us $270.  When we first got our bill, we noticed that it had three extra dinners on it, along with a 20% tip.  When we were finally able to find our waiter to call him over, he immediately grabbed the bill and said he knew what was wrong and would fix it--without given us even a chance to explain the problem.  He clearly knew the issue beforehand (but hadn't made any effort to come get the bill from us first).  I can assure you that although we tried to find some innocent explanation for his conduct, everyone in our group left with the impression that the waiter had intentionally tried to slip the extra charges by us (since the bill was so large anyway and we had had several glasses of wine by that point).. For the price you pay to eat here, diners should expect and receive top notch service and food. MIX fails to deliver. The issues with the food and service (even without the "extra dinner charges" issue) were even more glaring after we had a wonderful dinner at Picasso the next night.  The experience was simply night and day.
ATROCIOUS SERVICE!!!  I ordered the lobster au currie, the flavor was good but I took one bite of the lobster and it was raw in the center!  I promptly spit it out and sent the dish back.  The waitress brought back the SAME dish reheated including THE PIECE I SPIT OUT!!!  Yeah you read it right!  Reheated undercooked shell fish with a pre-chewed piece presented back to me with garnish on top!  I gracefully rejected the dish again and ordered the barramundi (btw very very bland dish).  Meanwhile I'm waiting another 20 min as I'm watching my boyfriend eat his entree.  There wasno offer of apologies or any sort of hospitality up to this point.  The only thing the manager did was come by and say "barramundi ok?"  The meal ends with our dishes uncleared for a good 15 minutes.  Still no apologies directed at our dining experience and no gesture of hospitality.  So when the check came we had a chat with the manager about how disappointing our dining experience had been, he just stared at us stoned faced and said "I took the lobster off your check didn't I?"  That about sums it up.
Made reservations for Valentines, asked if they can cater to vegans, I was told yes by three different people, we were seated at our table in a bad spot under the stairs, then were told that we do not cater to vegans in a rude manner, the waiter said, "This is a French restaurant." as if we're retarded. The waiter did not bother to help us out and ask his chef if it would be possible since it's a holiday, and also that it will be difficult to get reservations anywhere else on this particular night. So I will never set foot in Mandalay Bay ever again. Thanks for ruining our night!...But it's okay we had a great night somewhere else not located in Mandalay Bay/The Hotel.
Pretend upscale makes me sick.  terrible service and mediocre food.  i understand mandalay bay is stuck at the end of the strip but I would make the trek to a better restaurant at a better hotel.  I've never hated a restaurant so much in my entire life.  I will NEVER stay at mandalay bay or go back to mix.  it's gross.  there's a reason people don't want to stay at MB anymore.  it's because they don't care about service or quality.
We came to MIX for the Michelin-star food and 64th-floor views of the Vegas strip. What we got was wedding banquet food and views of other tables.. . We had a reservation for 9:45pm, and our waiter had to apologize that the prix fixe wasn't available after 9:30. What he didn't say was that (we presume) the chef had gone home 15 minutes earlier, and left it to the late-night catering team to ladle-out whatever had been mass-produced earlier that day.. . My girlfriend and I ordered the tuna tartare to start with, which came with taro chips and a small dollop of mango sauce on the side. Pretty plain. She followed it up with chicken (bland), while my entree was a filet of bison. I had to scrape a thick blanket of peppercorns from the top of the meat to have any hope of tasting its real flavor, while the vegetables (for which the waiter could barely contain his excitement) could only fairly be described as 'vegetables'. Quite what he saw in them, I have no idea. My girlfriend's comment that it all seemed like 'wedding banquet food' hit the nail right on the head. If these were $14 entrees I wouldn't have felt cheated. But these were not $14 entrees.. . We cut our losses and skipped dessert.. . The odd cocoon we were seated in prevented any views of the strip, and, oddly, had the effect of focusing sound such that it sometimes felt like diners at tables across from us were speaking right in our ears. I guess it made a distraction from the pounding of the nightclub next door.. . Service was perfectly fine. But to charge these kinds of prices for that kind of food is cynical and shameful. I can't imagine I'll be trying another Alain Ducasse restaurant.
SAVE YOUR MONEY!  This is the worst restaurant on the strip. . . I went with my husband thinking that this was going to be one of the best dinners we would have on our trip. Boy were we disappointed.  The service was awful. Waiters and waitresses were running around the restaurant all night.   We had to to move tables after they sat us near the waitress station. Which ultimately didn't matter, as the restaurant was so loud and rowdy.  . . The food was like bad wedding food.  We had the gnocci and tuna tartar appetizer. Eh.  The cod was awful as was the wagyu.  We complained to both the manager and general manager.  They offered us free dessert, but after such a horrendous meal, we passed.  . . For such a "fancy" restaurant, the dress attire was not existent.  People were in flip flops and shorts. Definitely not a quality restaurant, and not worth the money.. . Save your money and time.  There was nothing enjoyable about our dinner.  We would have had better luck gambling the money than wasting it on this meal.  There are better restaurants to try on the strip.. . Its an embarrassment that Alain Ducasse has his name on this restaurant.
Always a five-star beautiful view of Vegas... Service was terrible as the busboy kept yawning as as he stood three feet from our table... he killed the moment and the experience.  will never come back.
What a terrible experience!  My boyfriend, best friend and her husband went to Mix for what we were expecting to a spectacular experience and it was quite the opposite.  Although we were very pleased with the ambiance and the spectacular view, no other part of the evening was pleasant.. . The four of us dressed appropriately for the restaurant per their "dressy" description but when a table of about a dozen younger, we'll call them "boys" showed up in jeans and undershirts we were a bit taken aback.  If you are going to advertise that you are a "dressy" establishment you should stand by that standard.  But the boys attire was the least of our concerns.  A couple of them were obviously inebriated and at one point one of them excused himself to, and I apologize for the choice of words, but vomit.  When he came back to the table he was no better than when he left.  He could barely sit in his chair or keep his head up straight.  By this time we noticed that management was "standing by" but they took no action to ask the boys to excuse their friend from the establishment.  Their hesitation in doing so resulted in the same boy getting up from the table once again and not quite making it to the restroom this time... he vomited right there at the hostess area.  Although it appeared one table found this amusing, we did not.  And we were not the only ones.  My boyfriend did the right thing and approached the manager to inquire on why they didn't take action sooner so as to avoid this scene and he was told "they have protocol".  Apparently their protocol involves allowing their guests to vomit at will.  My boyfriend was also told that since the boys were guests of the hotel they did not wish to ask them to leave.  I'm sorry, were WE not guests of the hotel?  And not only were we guests of the hotel but we were staying in their 2,000 sq ft media suite so we weren't just you average joe-schmos trying to act like we were "somebodies" or try to get something from them.  The manager made no apology to my boyfriend about the incident and instead gave him the attitude of "what do you expect us to do".  His attitude toward the situation was completely unprofessional and inexcusable.  . . Now, aside from the unexpected show that came with dinner, the food itself was absolutely terrible.  We were served a basket of mixed breads which weren't even warm, in fact their temperature was more of that they were just pulled out of the refrigerator.  We ordered the gnocchi and tuna tartare for appetizers and they were just okay.  For our main entrees my best friend and I ordered the Lobster "Au Curry".  It was over cooked and chewy not to mention it looked like the chef had just found remnants of a lobster and threw them on the plate.  I shouldn't have to chew my lobster like its beef jerky.  In fact I'm pretty sure I've had beef jerky that has been more tender.   My boyfriend had the Sea Bass and it was completely flavorless and overcooked.  We also ordered two sides of the macaroni and cheese which was also completely overcooked.  Kraft macaroni and cheese is better than what they served us.  For a meal that was going to cost us close to $500 (they were gracious enough to comp us due to the fact that our appetites were lost since having to witness the vomiting - but don't worry, we tipped the server generously as this incident was no reflection on him) we were nothing short of disappointed and I think that's being kind.  In all honesty, I wouldn't even pay $25 for the meal we had.. . My advice - go somewhere else. There are too many other wonderful restaurants in Vegas to have to suffer through this one.
Amazing views of Vegas and a great patio setup, I also enjoyed the minimalist decor. However, the food is more than overpriced and the service was average at best.. . . We had a different head server after our mains, only to go back to the original server when the check was brought out... . Our salads and soups were average, but it was all down hill from there... . I've never seen a peppercorn crusted steak with so much pepper before and cooked way over mid-rare... . Whatever you do skip the souffle and the Mix Candy Bar, first off the souffle was way under baked, liquid in the center and cold. The candy bar is dressed up Whatchamacallit.. . Maybe we were there on a bad night, but I wouldn't recommend anyone risk it at these prices.
I do not normally write reviews.  However, I would not be doing the restaurant justice without letting them and you know the service was horrible.  Our waiter was on drugs or something similar.  He left us unattended on numerous occasions.  After several hours we complained to the hostess.  A security officer came to check on us and apologized.  He explained that there was a private party and they were understaffed.  He returned about 30 minutes later and offered to take our order.  Soon our tweaked out waiter asked if we need anything and we replied our food would be nice!  This was the longest 4 hour dining experience of my life not to mention of my clients.
What a disaster!. My plan was to take my  beautiful girlfriend to Mix for a wonderful dinner. What I got was anything but wonderful.. When I arrived everything seemed fine, although it did seem a little warm inside. After being shown to our seats, we were greeted by our server. We did not order any alcohol, but we did order appetizers. Literally right after we declined alcoholic beverages, our servers attitude surfaced. After we got our appetizers and placed our dinner order, I noticed it kept getting warmer. Once we got our meals, I finally asked our outstanding server with his wonderful attitude, what was going on with the temperature. He informed me the a/c was broken, which was obvious. A group was seated next to us and they left five minutes later because it was so hot. The people inside were all sweating and whining like a bunch of school girls, including myself. Well I wasn't whining too bad, but I may have shed a couple tears and possible lost some sleep. The food was nothing to write home about, especially for the price. I would compare my dinner to Arby's.......maybe Denny's. Next time you are better off going to Cable's.......definitely the fluffiest waffles in town and fun for the whole family. I know what you're thinking, Mix doesn't have waffles on their menu, well if they did, I'm sure they wouldn't compare to Cable's.. I paid just under $300 for my girl and I to eat marginal food, sweat, and deal with a cold server.
Perhaps having eaten at a lot of highly acclaimed restaurants my expectation were too high, but a Michelin star should be better.. . The foie gras with chicken was good, but too much chicken.  The filet Rossini lacked sauce and was overcooked and a bit dry,  the lamb was so over flavored on the crust that only the center was tasty.  Excellent buttery potatoes and creamed spinach, the asparagus was good, but tasted mostly like butter... . The desserts were the most disappointing - the profiteroles were fair and the chocolate souffle dry, lacking in chocolate flavor and inedible (left almost completely uneaten, complained about and still charged).  The Madeleines were cute, but too dry and cakey, lacking the buttery-lemon flavor of true Madeleine fame (my Wife's are much better).. . Service was about the same as the food.  The Sommelier was competent and the Turley Zinfandel excellent, although our waitress managed to spill some while pouring due to her seeming indifference.  We had an early dinner and the room was empty most of the time with too many servers per patron. At times they were overly anxious, at times good and at times intrusive - certainly not first rate.  You shouldn't clear one diner and not the table, but that wasn't the way things worked here.. . It seemed like a new venture that hand't yet worked out the kinks, but hearing they'd been open for several years they have no excuses.. . Lovely space, good view, have a drink, but forget the food, until they get serious about being a real first rate restaurant.  When a big name chef adds his name to a restaurant, I'd expect his continued involvement or at least a higher level of quality control.  His name now just means high prices.  He should learn from Thomas Keller and the French Laundry.. . Returned for hosted cocktails during the following week and the waitress smashed into my Wife's arm leaving a very nasty black and blue mark.  Maybe she'd read my earlier review?
This restaurant was terrible from start to finish. The decor is cool BUT the tables for two are way too close together and there are a bunch of big tables in the middle that are not being used. . The drinks were awful - no creativity at all, especially for an $18 martini. . The food was barely edible. I ordered the white bean soup which was bland. The egg roll that accompanied it was so greasy and I couldn't taste the veggies inside. My husband's filet was undercooked. The gnocchi was mushy and tasteless. We opted out of dessert. They gave us a little freebie which was a homemade Madeline with Nutella dipping sauce. Not exciting or gourmet at all.. What a disappointing meal!!!
