Its over rated! we had the mushroom hash, pancakes with a side of bacon, hot chocolate and tangerine juice.  . . the hot chocolate tasted like it came from a gas station , the artichoke hearts and sun dried tomatoes in the mushroom hash totally clashed, and the pancakes were so think i needed to follow every bite with some water! the bacon was rubbery, too!. . the tangerine juice was yummy! but i ordered a small and a large came ( score!!) but the damn server still charged me for a large! i mentioned it to him and he didn't budge! . . best save your money
Life's too short to eat bad food and this place wasted an hour of my life.  . I ordered the Chicken Pot Pie.  What was put before me was not a twist on a classic but a total insult to a classic.  A large portion of food was thrown on to a platter sized plate to make you say "wow" when you see it.  I did.  Partly because I thought I had received the wrong dish.  . Then I tried to eat it.  A dinner plate sized "cracker crust" that was about 90% inedible.  The crust had the texture of a medium/hard jerky.  I couldn't even cut it with a knife and fork.  Seriously.  "Cracker Jerky Crust" might be more accurate.  At the bottom of the pile there was some mash that was just mash.  Slopped on top of that was the "filling" that was OK.  Lots of chicken but there better be for the price they charge.. Evidently no one on the tv shows that I've seen ordered this dish.  I saw a picture of it in the photo section.. There are a lot of good meals to be had in Vegas.  Don't waste an hour of your life at this place.
Like most of  the Strip, Hash House A Go Go is a glitzy imitation of real things: of real food, of good service, of a real restaurant.  . . Hash House... substitutes sound and fury for anything substantial.  Long waits, mediocre food, and bad service hardly merit a one-star rating.. . The imitation chicken and waffles are laughably bad, though grandiose to be sure--oversized portions served on a giant platter.  Eggos are far better than the waffles I sampled, and the dessicated chicken proved barely edible.  The enormous pancakes fared just as poorly in my opinion.. . If you want good chicken waffles (I'd say exceptionally good.) go to M&M Soul Food on Charleston in Las Vegas or Hard Knox Cafe at two locations in San Francisco.. . As a matter of fact, if you want real food at all, stay clear of Hash House A Go Go.
Food poisoning for both me and my partner. . . It was our first meal in Vegas after eating a bagel that morning for breakfast from our house. . . She got the fried chicken benedict and I got some kind of monsterous chicken sandwich. It was good going down but it ruined 2 days of traveling.
My first review ever. . . The short version: Rejected dive hotel buffet scraps recycled at a Hash House A GO GO.. . There were 6 of us in town for my bachelor party weekend. Asa fan of San Diego's Hash House I happened to convince my party to check out HH LV at the Imperial House. The service was the absolute worst with the consensus on the food being mediocre (mediocre only because some had nothing to compare Imperial Palace Hash House to). It was so bad that I need to write a review.. . Here's how it went:. . Fist, ever sit for breakfast after a night of hardcore binging only to yell your order to the server? The loud music became very apparent when the waitress felt compelled to ask, "huh," "what was that," "can you repeat that," for just about all six of us at the table. This was a problem for the hung over amongst us. . . Next, a friend whom doesn't eat meat asked for a substitution for the ham, sausage and/or bacon options. She politely says to him, "No, I'm sorry. We don't really substitute here. Usually people will order their food and just not eat the meat." The friend of mine follows with, "soooo, no fruit... nothing?" "No," she replies, "sorry." . . This was a bummer for a person who's never experienced the real deal Hash House. Sadly, it continues downhill.. . We order our food. I got the Basic Breakfast which included eggs (I asked for over-medium) with bacon, potatoes and a side of biscuits and gravy (layoffa me I was starving!!). A couple people ordered the chicken (dry) and waffles while others had omelets and various other items. Two of us receive partial meals while others had complete orders delivered. At this point in time, the ice water's are dry while our server is MIA (she was overly chatty with the two/three tables she serviced). I received my side of biscuits and gravy and continued to wait for the rest of my food. Two others at the table sat without any food or water. Then the rest of my food comes. Low and behold, the eggs were undercooked (perhaps she would have heard me say over-medium had the music not been so loud?). The clear slime made the eggs inedible. The bacon was tiny, shriveled and cold (SD HH is huge, thick-cut deliciousness). The potatoes were not Hash House rosemary style potatoes. Rather, they were dive-bar buffet status potatoes that sat under a heat lamp for hours and far too hot to eat. Then, I discovered the clear like gelatin chunks in the only thing I thought to be edible, the biscuits & gravy. This was utterly disgusting. Meanwhile, as most of us are more than half-way through our breakfasts, we realize two of us at the table had yet to receive their meals.. . Finally, our server breaks away from her story telling at other tables to check on us. I informed of the two missing meals. She runs in to check in the kitchen and comes back with our order slip and asks us what we're missing. She falls back to the kitchen; comes back to apologize, and carries on to her other tables. In the end, we get our meals while I borderline on losing my cookies all over the table. The server only deducted my meal from the bill and we happily leave the joint.. . Thanks for reading.
ONE OF THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EXPERIENCES OF MY LIFE.  We were drawn to Hash House A Go Go because we saw it on Man Vs. Food and our jaws dropped and we had to go!  We were visiting Las Vegas for our wedding so we (my husband and I) had my parents and two friends along for breakfast.  The wait was insane, 1 hour and 15 mins, but we waited because we wanted to eat there so bad!  We sat, orders taken, beverages arrived- then we were ignored.  We were mesmerized at the huge plates walking past and our mouths drooled with excitement for our meal.  My father needed a water refill and the server completely soaked his entire leg and then preceded to attempt to help him dry off but then left and never came back to check on him or give him another napkin.  Food starts to arrive- 4 out of us got our food and my 2 friends were plate-less.  Finally after about 5 minutes of wondering what the heck is going on we flag down someone to find our server.  After about 5 mins she appears and we ask her where their food was...  Her reply, "It just comes out when it's ready."  Our response, "That would've been nice to know..."  No apology???  After waiting another 10 mins and their food still had not arrived, the rest of us were done eating.  The food was good, but at this point it didn't matter if it was the best thing I ever ate...  I felt HORRIBLE for my friends whom had woken up at 6am and flew in that day- it was 1pm and they still had not eaten.  At this point they had no desire to pay for a meal that they weren't going to be able to enjoy with the rest of us.  The "trying to find our server process" ensued again...  Tick-Tock, Tick-Tock...  Order canceled, asked for check...  Waiting, Waiting, Waiting...  Check Dropped- I couldn't stand it and had to get out of there for a minute and took my time going all the way downstairs to use the restroom, upon arriving back at the table- she still hadn't been back to pick up the card to run it.  All 6 of us headed up to the front and finally got the host to find the server to run the card which was SERIOUSLY 10 minutes of waiting for that while I watched her run around the restaurant, take orders, do what ever- knowing that we were in the lobby OBVIOUSLY wanting to leave.  Signed the slip and asked for the manager.  I explained (the above) adding- "I just want to inform you because it is pretty obvious that you were unaware that we even had an issue at our table because it was very apparent that we were NOT happy with our experience."  Manager, "Yeah I didn't know anything about it, guess I'll need to go talk to her."  After 15+ years in customer service and 10+ years serving and managing restaurants...  This was in the top 3 of WORST experiences that I've ever had dining out.  HORRID!!!  And...  It was so lovely to see that $86 debit out of my banking account the next day- The manager should've done SOMETHING to make it right.  This place is total BS.
Why is this place popular?. . Hash House is nasty as all get out. The pancakes are HUGE and hard! It's not light and fluffy or thick and yummy. It's just huge and hard. I did not eat it past one bite.. . How do you get watered down ORANGE JUICE? Come here.. . The place looks filthy and the chicken and waffles? Grosss. They stick this leaf thing in it that makes it smell bad. The syrup is yucky, the waffle is missing taste, and the chicken is dry and bland.. . Epic fail. They deserve no stars.
This was the worst food and service I've experienced in a long, long time. It was so disappointing, especially since we were on vacation, and all the other restaurants we went to, were so good. I was there with my daughter; they lost my order, brought the food late. My salmon was severely overcooked, and topped the worst salad I ever got. The greens I received looked liked what they would throw away. The service was as dreadful as the food. The waiter's excuse for my late and very bad meal was that they were busy. Needless to say, we will never, ever go there again - and I will skip the Imperial Palace also - even though it is part of the Caesar's Palace group - of which I am a member.
So not worth the hype. Thanks, Adam Richman...you owe us brunch. . . The hubby and I came here at 11:30 am on a Thursday. It wasn't busy at all. There was a 10 minute wait for the table, compared to an hour plus wait during weekends, not bad at all. However, the coffee tasted like sewer water. The signature chicken and waffles were mediocre at best -- the chicken was crunchy alright, but it was extremely dry and lacked flavor. The gimmicky waffles with bacon inside were below average. . . Do yourself a favor--if you're craving supreme chicken and waffles, cough up an extra 15 bucks and head on over to Bouchon at the Venetian. You won't regret it. . . Furthermore, the service was appalling. Apparently, it only takes a half a brain cell to work there. We noticed that our jam container was empty, so we put it at the edge of the table. The server passed by it at least 6 times, and didn't bother picking it up for a refill. When we finally flagged down another server, our server came back and gave us a half-empty jar of peach jam, not the strawberry jam we wanted. We also asked our server for butter and extra maple syrup for the waffles. It took him 15 minutes to come back! Seriously, Hash House A Go Go, I don't understand why you guys are famous.
The meatloaf sandwich I had was good but I will never ever come back. Here's why. i got there at 11pm and asked for a take out. There were only a few parties in there, but it took 40 minutes for me to get my food. There were 2 ladies that got there way before me and they hadn't gotten their food either. They wanted to leave and demanded that their undelivered food to be taken off of their bill but the staff was giving them a such a difficult time. So lame.
Tried the sage chicken benedict, NOT AMAZING not even good.  Chicken bland, mash bland, biscuit dry, quantity with no quality.. . Tried the meatloaf skillet, pretty good but potatoes were fried to shit.. . also the $2.50 per extra plate does not make sense at all, why would you charge to grab a plate from the kitchen and bring it to the table.  I understand if you charge me to split my plate which requires work to split everything in half, but this is just an empty plate.  WACK!. . OH ONE LAST THING, HASH HOUSE DOES NOT HAVE HASH BROWNS HAHAHA WACK!!
Buyer beware: They sit large parties first, regardless of the order your party (under 6) came in. Not a surprise; they can do it because of the demand. Expect to wait longer unless you want to make friends and make a larger party. Lol.. . Not surprisingly, there is no manager or assistant manager on staff to discuss this with. . . For service, I give them no stars. Their food is another matter. Just be prepared to wait and to hear, "just another 20 minutes" over and over again.
i was really excited to go eat at this because I've heard so many good things, but i shouldn't always believe what people tell me. First of all the service was horrible. My server was this guy named jeff and i dont know what his problem was. He gave my food to the wrong person so i had to wait even longer on a day that was super busy. Another server had to help because that guy Jeff was of no service. I ordered the chicken which was my first time ordering chicken and waffles and it was nasty. My chicken was dry and i had to drench it in syrup. I was really disappointed.
Tried the food here with two other friends, based on an absent friend's testimony, and the store's appearance on Man vs. Food. Although there was no nearly wait time when we arrived around 11:30am, what one would think is near peak hours for a restaurant, the food that arrived was pretty terrible. . . Ordering the tractor combo, $12.95, I got a fairly large blueberry pecan pancake (flour, eggs, buttermilk cheap carbs) with two eggs and two slices of bacon. One of my friends later pointed out that the pancake alone was $7.95. Ripoff combo? I think so. The quality of the pancake was on par with any IHOP or instant mix and the blueberries were undoubtedly frozen and few and far in between along with the pecans.. . My other friends ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, $15.95, and a Burger, $13.95. The Sage Fried Chicken being the restaurant's signature dish seemed like it should be the best dish. However, all that arrived was a heaping mound of mash potatoes (very cheap carbohydrates once again) covered by greens and a pair of biscuits with a fried chicken breast steak. The chicken breast was so dry that the fibers were distinctly frazzled after a bite and tough enough to compete with jerky. The burger that came was clearly overcooked and consisted of low-quality ground beef and over-sized buns. . . Incessant praise for large portions at this restaurant seem misguiding in that only the cheapest components of each dish are liberally given while the main components (the protein and pricier ingredients) are sparse and low quality. Too many people are wowed by cheap filler and blind to the poor quality of the cooking here. Would definitely not come back. Just go to KFC or IHOP. I'm not fans of either but both are leagues ahead of this joint.
Where do i start ?. . This is my first review and the first time I have ever been so let down by all the good reviews!. . Saw it on tv and it looked great!. Real life, unfortunately, was a let down.. . Here are my gripes:. 1) had breakfast after 11am. They only serve scrambled eggs after 11..      for the price they ask, this seems to be a bit lame!. . 2) pancake was not good!  very tough and very short on flavor!. tough?  i could shingle my roof with them!. . 3) my 3 eggs and bacon breakfast was $9.00. Not to far out of range   until  you count the bacon!  2 strips of bacon!!. This was not thick bacon, nor was it special bacon!. two strips of thin regular bacon!!. . How can they boast about their 1ib burgers and giant pancakes and oversized and overstuffed everything,  and then serve 2 slices of thin regular bacon!. . 4) dried out biscuit!!  they did not even serve butter and jam with the biscuit!. Do they feel that it was so good that it needed no help?. . I do not think that the management ever eats there, or else they would have to know that they are sub par!. . Waitress was good though!
Food is good and portions big, but felt like I was in a GRIND JOINT.  We were a party of three.  One person was served before the other two and since his mother taught him not to begin eating until everyone has their plate in front of them, he sat waiting while his food grew cold.  . . But that is the least of what went wrong.  . . Though there were numerous tables open we were seated next to a serving station that was the size of a shoe box.  Normally I would refuse a table next to a serving station but it was so small I thought it would be no big deal.  Wrong!  Waiters frequented the station every minute or two.  They slammed doors and tossed silverware creating a noise on the level one would expect to find in a Las Vegas Nightclub.   . . I asked to be moved but the wait staff (not ours) was unresponsive.  Before I could find our waiter the other tables soon filled making moving impossible.. . My table matesand I had to yell at each other to be heard, so I'm sure we paid forward the uncomfortable noise level. . . Why would they have a table next to such a noisy serving station?  And since they do, why don't they train their staff to eliminate as much noise as possible, i.e. don't slam the doors, don't toss the silverware, place it.. . Will NEVER go there again.
Horrible service. We went here for dinner and ordered a beer that was served in a large goblet. One of the cups had a very large spider in it when it was brought to our table. (See photos). There was no attempt to correct the mistake other than replacing the cup. We complained and the waiter did not take it seriously and kept brushing it off.
Had dinner here on Sunday night and it is so not worth the money. The food was cold and dried out, The cheeseburgr had no cheese and when I asked the waiter his reply was he would get me some for an extra 95 cents. Service was horrible and the hostesses were so dis functional  the table they sat us at was in the middle of the door way, It felt  like we were on parade!!!! It was a total night mare and I will never go back. So please don't waste your money !!!! I will be sure to tell all my clients and there friends ...
Food poisoning :(. Eating here on Saturday ruined my night and ruined my Sunday plans. not to mention i had to fly back on sunday... never again.
Hash House was a disappointment across the board.. . My girlfriend and I had brunch their one Sunday and not much went well.  We arrived to a 30 minute wait and were happy that it wasn't longer.  Upon being seated, we noticed that at least a third of the tables were empty.  Why the wait if there are open tables?. . Upon sitting down we were greeted by a waitress who said she would be "right back".  I guess our definitions of "right back" were different because we didn't see her for another 10 minutes.  When she got back we ordered our drinks and our meals.  After this point, we didn't see our waitress again for 45 minutes.. . Our meals came out roughly 20 minutes after we ordered them and we had to tell the server that we never got our drinks.  To make this worse, they messed up the drink order when we did get it.. . The food looked amazing and both my girlfriend and I thought that all would be forgiven.  Turns out we were wrong.  The food was presented beautifully but unfortunately it looked much better then it tasted.  Everything was bland, very bland.  Not what I expected at all.  To top it off, I had to drag down another table's waiter to find ours and get the check.. . Very disappointing.  I really wanted to like it...
poor service brought down the rating and overshadowed the food. . our server came and gave us our menu and asked what beverages we would like. that was where the decent service ended. . . there was a question at our table about if there was a smaller portion of the hash and he said no with an attitude. . . when asked where were the lemons for the water he said i'll get it later in a very PISSED OFF TONE which i thought was just from it being busy but all the things that happen after that was just too much. if the lemon was part of the beverages shouldn't it come out at the same timeas the beverages. it's not like i'm going to acid the eggs. . . when the lemons came out there was a FINGERNAIL STUCK TO THE RIM of the cup, so we asked another staff to give us new lemons. that was gross!!!!!! even he said it was disgusting.. . i didn't see a split charge stated on the menu. when we said we will share, our server told us that there will be a $2.50 split charge fee per person with a bit of an attitude. . . when we asked for napkins he TOSSED it onto the table like a FRISBEE. . . the potato was good. crispy and not too oily. it was served in an iron skillet along with scrambled eggs, biscuit, and some fruits. the eggs lacked salt, but i think they purposely do that so customers can add their own salt. . . the orange juice is not freshly squeezed. it's from a container, but we didn't see the brand. . . after the bill was taken care of we had a talk with the manager and it was awkward when he was taking our plates while the manager was still there. . . to be fair the others who brought us our plates were nice, but our assigned server was the primary issue. . . food - 3 stars. . service from assigned server - negative 10 stars on a -10 to 10 scale. . service from others were ok so 3 stars
This place is very hit or miss. If you come when it's not crowded, you can get good food and good service. If the place is slightly busy, or you are very early or late, they are very unfriendly and act like they are doing you a favor to serve you food. I showed up late a couple times and wished they had just told me I was too late to eat. . . The food is pretty bland and nothing that you couldn't make at home. A pancake with a snickers bar laid in the middle sounds awesome, but they do nothing else special with it. . . The chicken is best but make sure you get it fresh and hot or else it's a bit soggy and sad. . . Also, they tend to be very conservative to the point of mocking people on welfare.... So if morals guide you, let them guide you away from this place...
As a second time returning customer,  I couldn't have been more disappointed. The ticket times for both food and beverage were ridiculous. The server was in the weeds, due to the hostesses over-seating his section. The bussers wandered around aimlessly, while the m.o.d was careless and non-existent. My ticket, table for 2, entrees were delivered 20 minutes apart. The operation of this establishment is sloppy and embarrassing.
This restaurant is on the 2nd floor of the Imperial Palace - the idea is interesting - real big plates with real big food items - too much for someone normal to eat so lots of waste - I do not like it and had to send both orders back.  I ordered the pancake - you get one pancake for $7.00 but it is bigger than the plate - I am a pancake person and have ordered and reviewed pancakes for years still looking for the perfect one - this is not it.  It is rubbery, and tastes like nothing unless you smothered in it syrup and butter.  So sent it back and ordered the Basic which is 2 eggs any style, biscuit, potatoes and fruit also for $7.00... Ordered 2 eggs over medium with Biscuit...what came out was 2 eggs over very runny hardly even cooked and a biscuit which had no taste and was worse than the pancake.. The orange slices were good.  The service was terrible as well so not a fan....This is the first time ever I had to send both orders back - will not return - they all seemed shocked I did not like there terrible food.
I'm generally never one to complain, much less even post about a restaurant, but I must say this had to be one of the top 5 worst dining experiences on record.. . At 11:45am on December 8th, six of us went for breakfast/lunch, and were told there would be an hour wait...  Sure, no problem, we had been there multiple times before and had zero issues with the wait, we actually expected it. At around the 50 minute mark we checked back in just to be on the safe side, and were told it was close.  Needless to say, 45 minutes later (so now over an hour and a half wait) they were sitting multiple groups of 4 that put their names in while we were checking in at the 50 minute mark.  It took me standing at the host/hostess table (which by the way had at least 5 employees standing around it) for them to finally sit us.  Low and behold, the dining room was at most, 50% capacity.  I even asked why they couldn't have made the 5 to 6 groups they let go in front of us wait while they pushed two table together, and I got the deer in the headlights look.. . Ok, it gets better.  Ordered the famous BLT Bloody's, and they came without the B.  Not a big deal even though it's their claim to fame so to speak, but we were already a bit agitated to be honest...oh well, we blew it off and the server brought a plate of bacon.  . . Finally our food comes out...well four (4) of the six (6).  The two missing orders, which were the Sage Chicken & Waffles never came...well correction, one order came out, but after the other 4 of us were done with our meals.  The waiter was protesting that sometimes it takes a while to make the chicken & waffles, and when we said we came here multiple times, then he said "well sometimes it comes out first."  Make up your mind man!  So the last order actually never came, even after we addressed all of this with the Manager.  . . The Manager just looked at us like himself and his staff were doing us a favor by letting us eat there.  Nothing he said even suggested he cared! . . So the food is great, if it ever comes.  Worst staff ever!  I will never go back and we tell all our friends the same story!
Came there to eat some brunch and ordered chicken and waffles and the tractor combo. Both were pretty good, but the restaurant itself was unsanitary. We saw a cock roach on our table and got rid of it as soon as we saw it on the table. We wanted to get our meal compensated, but without any proof, that wasn't possible. So the food was good, but unless they manage to get rid any possible infestations, I will not be going back.
The Hash house on Sahara severed me cold eggs and meat loaf.  The waiter did not deliver the food and was not available to send the food back imediately.  When he did arrive I told him the eggs were cold and meatloaf, which he offered to take back and warm up.
Our food arrived at our table 58 minutes after we were seated.. . The waiter, a tall guy in his mid-to-late twenties with dark hair, was a total jerk. Our table of four waited 20 minutes for our drinks (basic orange juice, coffee, and water) to arrive without so much as a word. By this time, two tables around us had received their drinks and had ordered.. . Me (as the waiter was setting down our drinks): Thank you. I think we're ready to order now.. . Waiter (holds his hand up at me): I'm going to need you to give me a minute. . . He then turns on his heel without another word and walks to a group a couple of tables away (one that's had its drinks for a while) and takes their order. He then returns to our table without a word to take our order. . . We waited 38 minutes for our food to arrive. The food was fine, nothing special. . . There was another server, a tall girl with dark hair in a ponytail, that was super friendly to people near us. She had twice as many tables as our guy did and did her work with a smile. My only wish is that we'd been seated in her section.. . I always tip 20% unless you've really pissed me off, and then I usually cave and leave 15%. Our waiter earned every cent of the 0% we left. I will not return.
I was craving breakfast at 100pm so we decided to go to Has House A Go Go at the M Resort. We were there last year, and now I remember why we haven't been back since, service was bad! Last time we were there, service was sooo slow, this visit wasn't any different. Mind you, the place was not packed considering it was a Saturday but maybe because of the time. My drink didn't come out right away (I had the tri colored lemonade (watermelon something)) but my husband got his immediately. For the main food, he got the famous Andy's Sage Chicken (as featured on Man vs Food) and I just ordered the Tractor Driver Combo. I asked to have my eggs "over medium" as I hate to have runny whites (that's just me). It took FOREVER for the food to come. The waitress never came back to say what the hold up was. So after what seems like an eternity, the food came. His food is good, but mine, well, I had to ask for new eggs. I told the waitress I wanted it "over medium". She gave me a lecture on how over medium means the yolk is still runny, I said I understand but the white part on my eggs were still runny (I showed it to her on the plate; when I cut the eggs, the white part were still liquid and this was practically over easy). She said she'll get me a new one. The waffle, on the other hand was good, except the little tin cup of syrup was placed on the waffle itself. Not such a good hygienic practice; how do I know where that thing was before they stuck it on my waffle! When we were done paying, the waitress places the black bill container on our table, no thank you's, nothing! At that time, my husband and I just looked at each other and said, this is the reason why we haven't been back! Now, we will NEVER come back, EVER! The food may be ok/good, but the service was horrible!
(at The Quad formerly known as the Imperial Palace) Parking is at the rear in one of those famous Vegas Labyrinths except it looks abandoned, dirty and unsafe, park in Valet. . . The waiting staff was prompt and courteous, restaurant has seen a lot of action but still clean, just a little beat up.. . I started with the BLT Bloody Mary , the Bacon was good.....I left half my drink , there was something tangy missing in the drink it was just your basic mix with Tabasco..... . For lunch I ordered the Andy's Sage Fried Chicken Benedict, It was this towering plate with massive pieces of food, the Honeydew melon slice on it was delicious, the chicken breast was dry, it had scrambled egg on top of the fried chicken which was decent and sharp cheddar cheese on top of that.....The cheese tasted burnt with an aftertaste , all that was on top of a layer of mashed potatoes which were decent in taste, there was also some slices of tomato and spinach leaves....I left most of the food not because it was too much but because it did not taste great as the legend says. The melon was great though.. . I believe this is a place to fix a hungover  than just a place to go have lunch just because, I do try everything twice just in case the first time sucks so in the future I will go to another location and give it another chance.
TWO WORDS: FOOD POISONING!!!. . This is my bf's favorite breakfast place. I had never been. The wait was about an hour. He told me it would be worth it. NOT.. . I ordered scrambled eggs with goat cheese that came with a side of potatoes and warm biscuits. It looked delicious. It lacked seasoning. I don't know if it was the goat cheese or the strawberry spread that I put on my biscuits, but less than an hour after walking out of there I had terrible stomach cramps. . . I bought pepto bismol at a convenience store and took one after another to help with the stomach pains. I was stuck in my hotel the rest of the day & night.  It ruined my time in Vegas.. . I really think it was the strawberry spread that had been sitting on the table. Maybe it was contaminated with bacteria from lack of refrigeration.
UPDATE: omfg I got an allergic reaction to the salmon! I shoulda known it wouldn't be fresh.. it was more like completely cooked salmon as opposed to SMOKED. Now my finger has like 5 itchy bumps :'(. _______________________________. . Got the fried chicken Benedict and smoked salmon scrambled. Portions were huge but flavors were ok. I would come jus for the experience but not again. Plus, it's ridiculously hard to find and impossible to explain how to get there. They need an actual sign, instead of a dark menu in front of a hallway.
It seems like all CET properties and they're dining options are going Very downhill and this place too! Located inside the quad which is basically imperial palace renamed... . . This is for today's experience and we left before ordering it was that bad. First asked for a booth and were informed that section is closed ... It was literally 2ft away from the open section ! Fine we sat somewhere that was open. Then asked our waitress who came around 10 minutes after we were seated ( place was Very slow and 3 different waiters passed by) I asked her if we could order from the dinner menu as hubby wanted ribs ( it was like 330 pm ) She proceeded to look and speak to us as if we just asked her the dumbest thing on the planet... Said NO dinner starts at 5! If you want to look over the lunch menu or bye .. Basically told us to leave ... This is almost as good as the experience at planet dailies ... Not sure which was worse. So left there feeling insulted and unhappy. So thanks for ruining what could of been a nice lunch... . Take your money and business elsewhere unless you're too drunk to care how you're treated then it may be ok!
Let down by poor service, very bad first impression from the greeter. I had the Chorizo hash sitting at the bar, solo, good food, generous portions. . . Shame about the service, also very dark. Lots of building going on in the hotel so maybe excuses the darkness.
HASH HASH A NO GO!  based on a friend's recommendation, 8 of us trekked to hash hash a go go last Friday morning and at 11 there was an hour wait. once we finally got seated we ordered cocktails, which seemed priced fairly, but they were pretty weak. we finally ordered but waited almost another HOUR for our food to arrive. and when it did, NONE of us liked it. most of us ordered the sage fried chicken which was dry and flavorless. we couldn't even taste any salt. one friend asked for a sauce or something to add moisture to her chicken and 20 min later the waitress brought her some ranch dressing. food and service was horrid. I agree with another reviewer...it should be called HASH HASH A NO NO! or HASH HASH A NO GO!! what a waste of our time and money!
There is only one way anyone could possibly enjoy the bland taste of this frozen: microwaved food: You are totally plastered. That being said if you're hammered and just need to get some food in you, go for it, although you may wind up feeling like crap either way. No pun intended. If however you're sober and expecting dishes with taste and quality, save yourself the disappointment. If by chance you're there with someone, go ahead and drink a bloody mary or two until you can suffer the taste of the food. That is if you can stand the wait to get in or the worst service Las Vegas could ever dream of offering.
Will never, ever go here again.  Even though they did fix the issue and they apologized profusely, it is still unacceptable what happened to us.. . We arrived at our hellhole hotel (The Quad) at 9am and we couldn't check in until 12pm.  To waste time, we checked out the car show and then decided to have brunch.  Since HHAGG is in the Quad and had such great reviews, we decided to give it a shot.  It was packed when we got there but we ended up scoring a seat at the bar.. . When the bartender took our drink orders, hubs got a water and I asked for a chocolate milk - when it was served, it wasn't even the real chocolate milk...it was white milk with hershey's syrup pooled at the bottom!  It hadn't even been stirred!  Whatever...I choked it down while I perused the menu.  We ended up making our choices and I ordered the eggs/bacon/potato/biscut breakfast and hubs got the special burger they had that day.  . . The waitress got our order and then about 5 minutes later she got the orders of the people on other sides of us.  Well, we waited, and waited, and waited....we wanted to order mimosas to celebrate our trip but the bartender was MIA....we finally got so annoyed when she finally didshow up that we just stuck with waters.  Finally they brought out food....to our neighbors!!  Bartender assured us twice that our food was "coming right up" but it seriously took over an hour from the time we placed our order to the time we got our food.  Reminder: I got freaking EGGS and he got a burger.  Unless they had to murder the cow and grind the meat right there, an hour is unacceptable.. . Whatever, I was irritated but hungry so I tucked into my eggs.  Eggs=meh - I ordered scrambled and they were partially runny and partially burned....neither of which I like.  Bacon was good, potatoes were great and the biscut and homemade jam were the jam!  I look over at hubs and he's looking a little green....he bit into his burger and it. was. raw.. . Like...still able to see the white bits of fat in the beef raw.  So after a few minutes of searching, we were able to flag down the bartender and she apologized profusely and said another one would be "right up."  It was obvious that this was a biiiig mistake because we had at least 3 people checking on us (managers and cooks) and apologizing profusely, and they even brought us out a free cornbread (phenomenal) for the whole issue.  However, it took another 20 minutes to get another burger - by that time I was done with my breakfast (1/2 of which he ate) and he wasn't feeling another burger anyways, so he took one bite and boxed it up.  He ended up throwing it out once we got to our room.  They did comp his meal but I would have been furious if they hadn't.  They did handle the issue as best as they could, but it shouldn't have happened in the first place.  Maybe, MAYBE would I understand if the food came out freaky fast, but if they couldn't get it right in over an hour, I don't know how they get anything right.
This place sucks.  Don't believe the hype, avoid this restaurant like the plague.  First off, this restaurant smells like Donkey poo.  That should be enough to ward ppl off but my friend insisted that I try the Chicken Benedict so we stuck with the plan that's what I ordered.  The platter is HUGE but it's all a sham!  The fried chicken patty is covered and smothered with cheese and gravy on top of 2 humongous biscuits, w/ a smidget of scrambled eggs, on top of a bed of mashed potatoes.  Scrambled Eggs?  WTH-- I ordered a frickin eggs benedict.  Not only that, but these were cafeteria eggs.  UGH.  I just got more and more sick from eating this thing.  Besides the fried chicken patty, everything else was just tasteless, dry, uneventful filler.  i hated this dish.  I left more than 3 quarters on my plate and I showed my waiter how I felt about the meal afterwards (photo attached)
The one at M, at the south end of the valley is great, this one is NOT.  Food- bad.  BLT Mary's - so so- not a good as the M.  Service- non-existent.  Seriously- I walked over a mile to get to this place because I like the one at the M.  Go to the M.  This was a nightmare.
Every aspect of my experience at the Hash a go go was disappointing. My girlfriend had the mushroom hash which was bland and cold. Potatoes were soggy and unseasoned. I ordered the sage chicken eggs Benedict and the chicken was dry and tough, while the potatoes, eggs and bacon all were cold.  When we were seated, our server spouted a memorized spiel saying " all of our food is never microwaved or reheated but made fresh."  They should add " was probably made two hours before and is sitting under a sun lamp and never seasoned."
what a horrible experience! we come here EVERY time were in vegas...but this time we found CARDBOARD in our food. not only that, the shift manager AND general manager were so extremely rude about the whole situation...needless to say, we will NOT return. i am a restaurant manager and that was no way to treat your customers. in such a big grossing restaurant you still need to take care of your customers. what a huge disappointment. i wish i could give zero stars.
Ain't this some bullshit!! Waited an hour in line for this nasty ass sage chicken and waffles covered in some smelly ass rosemary. Worst food i ever had!!! Roscoe's is way better than this junk! What a dissapointment!!
My fiance's salad arrived fifteen minutes after the rest of the food, we had to ask for a knife four times at least, by the time she got everything her eggs were cold also her salad came with radishes which she asked removed and the vegetables weren't fresh, oh and my dad asked for toast instead of biscuit and got biscuit, not a big thing  since he didn't need bread withe such huge portions, I had the Benedict sage fried dish which was delicious but still at least twice too big then necessary, seriously just cut the portions in half or offer it as an option, the food is way too big!
Don't go there if you have other choice, they make you wait an hour when there are many tables availeble, food is really bad too
Sorry in advance for the ridiculously long post.... Im not sure where to start... the mediocre food or the mediocre service. We stopped by on a Sunday night with a reasonably large group (10). Since we wanted to see the Bellagio Show before is ends at 12AM we stopped by Hash House to check on the wait. We were told there was no wait and in fact they were slow. We asked to put our name down for a reservation and were told they dont take reservations (ok). We cam back round 11 and were promptly told it would be 20-25 minutes. We were not please but decided to wait because we where here and staying close by and all wanted toi tyr the food. After a 10 minute wait the greater came and told us it was going to be at least another 25 minutes because they only had one large table available and that table just received their food. Annoying, I should have taken this as a sign, but the majority of the group was fine although a little annoyed. One friend decided to walk around and saw that they were in fact very slow (almost no tables occupied) and also had a back room with a large table available. He asked the receptionist if they could put tables together since almost the whole restaurant was empty or let us sit in the back. All we receive was a "no, we cant do that". Cant or Wont? Still we waited on. 15 more minutes pass and surprise they open the table in the back section. So I guess they could do it. Finally we are all sitting down starving and ready to go in on some delicious food... Or were we. We placed our orders based on their "late night menu", which is lack luster at best (about 10 items). The waiter came round and although he was polite seems a little slow based on how unbusy they were. Heres were it went south quickly. I ordered the Sage Chicken Benedict and asked for the eggs poached, cause who the hell scrambles eggs and calls it eggs Benedict?! The wait for the food again seemed long for how slow the place was, 20 minutes, but for good food I would gladly wait. First thing I noticed when they bring my food is eggs are not poached. I ask the waiter to fix it and he graciously takes my plate back. 10-15 minutes pass my whole party is eating (although one guy got his food alarmingly later then everyone else). The waiter brings back my plate and it looks disheveled and clearly reconstructed. I look at it and touch it to see if they remade the plate or just switched out the eggs. The waiter quickly snaps at me "I had them remake the whole plate" to which I reply "I highly doubt that, because its not hot." The icing on the cake and what made it so blatant that the food was not remade was my poached eggs were not even on the dish... they came on the side in a sad lonely little bowl. They remade the whole plate... really? There was no apology no admission he just carried on as usual. We received the check (tip already included because of the size of our group) and he went on about his business with out offering anything to compensate for the poor service and blatant lie. His name was David BTW, I was so pissed off I made sure to look it up so I could mention him, by name, in this review. The final nail in the Hash House coffin, the food aint that good. Its OK at best. Its over sized and over sauced and the taste is underwhelming. Its like they put extra portions of mediocre food on a plate cover it on bacon, mashed potatoes and sauce and call it spectacular. I know good food and this is no where close. Not a single person at the table seemed to be impressed, only one person even took left overs. The most impressive thing about the food at this restaurant other then the portion size was the huge branch of sage sticking out of their plate. That was pretty awe inspiring. Total restaurant fail.
Had the experience to visit the talked about place.My experience was awful the hostesses were unprofessional.  It was an hour forty minute wait - which at the time wasn't a problem, but once our name was called my friend  went down to the casino while we waiting.  I tell her she's on her way and she goes to tell we can be seat until all parties are available.  It was only two of us. Within five minute my friend was back upstairs - we finally get seated, our waiter comes introduced himself, take our order, bring our drinks never asked did we want water.  It was every bit of forty five minutes before our food came and guess what it took another twenty minute for my Hash Cobb salad to arrive, by that time I didn't want the salad I want to go our waiter never came over or nothing until I sent back the late salad.  My overall experience was horrible and the manager and staff was just disrespectful.
I've probably had more bad meals in Vegas than anywhere else in the world. Let's face it the food quality overall in Vegas sucks.. . This place is just another example of an over hyped, underwhelming Vegas eatery.. . I could only eat about 1/4 of my plate (not because of the portion (it was tiny), but because it was disgusting) and I was not alone. I was sitting at the counter and plate after plate of barely touched meals were heading straight to the trash bin.. . If you've got the drunk breakfast munchies, take my advice and head over to the Denny's. You'll save yourself about 50% and will be less disappointed.. . Simply disgusting.
Don't come if you are in a hurry. 45 minutes to get seated and 30 minutes more to get food after placing the order. This is a popular place and is packed. Luckily they make great Bloody Mary's that can make the long waits bearable.. . I had the fried chicken Benedict hash which is one of their specials. BEWARE, they do scrambled eggs rather than poached eggs which makes this anything but Benedict IMHO.  Also, it LOOKED BETTER than it tasted. Trying a signature dish, I expect to be wowed. The only wow on this dish was the portion size. . . My wife had one of their scrambles and it was nothing special either. . . We won't be returning or recommending it to friends.
