Went today. Not very busy and still took about 15 mins to get 2 burgers and a shake. The reason is because our burgers were done but they were doing TRAINING so our burgers sat there while the one server went through all of the procedure to adding pickles, lettuce etc, all the garnishments. That alone took a good 5 mins. Meanwhile our burger sat there getting cold. Also the fries.. . Then they called us up, I alreayd knew it was going to be cold because we saw how long it had been sitting out with 2 employees hovering over it.. . Burgers were cold, fries were cold. Had to send it all back. UNREAL!!!!. . I have been to Joes at LEAST 20x since its in our neighborhood and our last 5 experiences have been HORRIBLE.. . So disappointing. This place used to be great!
I don't know what everyone loves about this place.  We ate there today and tried many of the items they are known for - onion rings had no flavor what-so-ever, the barbeque chicken pizza was not good at all, I had to actually douse it with barbeque sauce to even make it have a modicum of flavor, the kids corn dogs were just like you would buy at the grocery store and my husbands double dogs tasted like the chili was burnt to a crisp.  All in all at 38.00 total this was a horrible experience.  We will not be eating here again that is for sure!
Bacon cheddar burger was dry, overcooked and flavorless.  Fries were cold.  Onion rings were cold and had the texture of a cardboard box.
This place consummated with the Golden Goose being featured on the show Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives. It's overrated. If you think this place is worth standing in line and waiting for your food for an hour on the weekend, then you easily fall for hype. The inside is really small and couldn't be any louder, it also has scattered outside picnic tables. After you order you get to wait in another line to get a drink on a single fountain area. The food is above average. I think the salads are borderline bad. I realize it's all organic and local, I've been to plenty of places like that, and most of them are far better.
Saw the episode of Diners Drive Ins & Dives, and was very disappointed with the food both times we have gone there.  First time we went for breakfast but it was close enough to lunch that I ordered a burger.   The burger was way under cooked and the garlic fries had about 1/4" of oil sitting in the bottom of the tray.  We decided to go again last night for dinner knowing that the food had to be better, but we left pretty unsatisfied with the quality of the food, and the care in preparation/presentation of the food.  I ordered the hot dog with the pulled pork on it and my wife ordered the garden burger.  The garden burger, according to my wife, lacked any true flavor on it's own.  Very thin and the whole sandwich just looked like some beginner cook put it together.  My hot dog was warm at best, the bbq pork was just thrown on there with some type of scooper and had cole slaw just dumped on top of that.  The bbq pork tasted like it was from the day before and the temp also matched that.  We paid $27.00 for both our meals and 2 sodas, for that price, I expect that they take more pride in the making of the food and at least make sure it is served hot.  Food Network should do a follow up show, but show up unannounced and see what they thing then.  Sorry, not going back to this establishment any time soon.
From where I live in North Scottsdale , it's forty seven miles to this place, taking over an hour to get there.. The line, like Disneyland's Pirates of the Caribbean.. And by the time I got lunch, it was two o'clock.. One star for my crew for talking me into this.. . I find a large table, underneath some very old and very beautiful tamarack trees. . I don't like that I'm sharing a table, seated next to some fat kid with ice-cream sundae all over his mug who won't shut up. . Then the ominous sign posted on the tamarack tree limb we were seated beneath, which is about five feet off the ground and growing perpendicular to it.. .     "WARNING: WATCH FOR FALLING SCORPIONS FROM TREE LIMBS". . Another star and mega props to Joe's for not only having a farm and a restaurant, but an interactive poisonous insect exhibit as well.. . And finally, on the walk back to the car, we (as in my wife) noticed a plot of land across the street where you can rent a thirty by thirty plot for your very own garden.. Another star for my wife now wanting me to plant a veggie garden next weekend.. . I'm hungover, driving for over an hour listening to Adele on repeat, (because we haven't heard 'Someone like you' one million times yet) standing in line wanting to puke, nervously watching for suicidal scorpions as I eat my burger and fries, listening to some brat I'd like to smack the bejesus out of, and my wife tells me I'm planting a garden next weekend.. . Yeah, no....I won't repeat.
I live right by here and have heard all the hype on this place so me, my neighbor and my daughter just ate breakfast here. One word-OVERRATED. . . Beautiful grounds and scenery but I am rating just by the food, price, and atmosphere. . . Set up is a little confusing. You order from a window and seat yourself. I had no idea. Food is pricey and no fresh orange juice they sold Tropicana. Ordered for 2 adults and a child and it was $32.00. For breakfast. . . We ordered omelets, bacon, my daughter had kids French toast. . . Food so -so and it is not cheap. My daughter did not like the apple crisp bacon. I thought it was ok. Me and my friend both got omelets which were just ok. Came with a pita bread and salad and a side of fruit. . . utensils outside and flies everywhere including the inside. We cannot figure out the hype here. We would have had a better breakfast at The Good Egg.
