I needed a place to sleep for the night in a pinch, so I booked a room here without reading some of the negative reviews.  Bad idea!   First off, the room was very old with dirty carpeting.   The wannabe flatscreen TV was there as a fixture because its quality was horrible.  Internet connectivity was not free, but available for $13.99 / 24 hr.  Given my experience of how crappy the speed of the internet was at a previous stay at another crappy Hilton property, I opted to not sign up and use my iphone instead.  . . Lastly, you need to buy ear plugs if you want to sleep at this place because you can hear the elevator rumbling up and down all night long!   It was like staying at a train station!   The room was also very stuffy with an odor of cigarettes and some other junk.  . . Since I just needed a quick 6-7 hour of sleep and was so tired, I just put up with all this crap.  Otherwise, I would've never stayed here for more than one night.  . Overall, it was a very old, stuffy, and noisy hotel and I would not recommend a stay here unless you're super tired and ready to pass out.  . . The horrid condition of this hotel reminds me of a skanky billionaire inheritant coochi.
Why should I visit Las Vegas if the Star Trek Experience is CLOSED?  Las Vegas Mayor had better wise up before I trek cross country again!  I want a bigger & better experience before I drop down $2000.00 on a much deserved vacation!
This place is a shit hole. There was always sketchy people in my hallway asking for money and I didn't feel safe. My room was dated and dirty. I paid $30 a night and I would say it's worth maybe $19. Half the casino is still Star Trek and other half not, hotel identity crisis. Worst part is when you stay here, you are trapped in the gross part of Vegas.
OMG avoid staying here at all cost.. can you say RUN DOWN?  Need remodel desperately?!!  Sewer water was coming up my bathroom sink, airconditioning rattled all NIGHT, hole in the wall.  Asked for someone to fix.. no one came.  OLD.. needs updating.  . . The staff is extremely nice, but.. they did only give me a bottle water for enduring my room (no time to switch, was on the go at a convention)!! LOL . . Next time I will go to another hotel and cab it over if I have a convention.. it was truly HORRIBLE.
Stayed here for a convention.  It was about $130/nt.  Could have gotten a nicer room on the strip for less, and caught a car or the monorail.  Some of the rooms have been remodeled, some haven't.  There's no difference in rate. . . Then there's the joy of being nickled and dimed for everything.  Internet (for a hotel that caters to conventioneers, who are there for work usually) cost like $15/day.  Gym facilities? $20/day.. . I get it.  People are there for work, work is paying, who cares if you add another surcharge?  I care.  I will not stay here again - too many better options abound.  I was excited to stay in a Hilton hotel.  It didn't live up to the brand.
This place is horrible!!! They charge $20 to use their gym. You pay another $15 to use wifi. The rooms are old. Toilets don't flush. No coffee in the room. Overpriced bullshit. I'm paying a special convention rate of $150 and getting nothing but a bed for it.  What a ripoff!
Way off the strip. This hotel/casino needs revitalizing bad. Servers are horrible at what they do. The players club associates were rude. It looked trashy here. Paris would not be caught dead here.
Ok this is my second review. I just got back from Vegas and stayed here for my last time. It has gone downhill. The bathroom was moldy and the a/c return vent was disgusting. I tried to speak with management twice about the issue and it was never resolved. I also contacted corporate and haven't received a response. For $180 a night, it's ridiculous. I could see paying maybe $65 a night. I am so dissatisfied, this used to be a great hotel and now it's not much better than the Circus Circus. Hopefully management will get back to me, but I doubt they will because it seems to me that they do not take much thought to making sure their guests are happy.
Ughhhh.l. Can't believe that housekeeping knocks on doors at eight am!  Stupid.  Then they proceed to slam every door on the floor.  Eff you to.
what?!?!? really it is the hilton!!!! so many things went wrong! first we originally booked a king gave us a double... then they switched us out the next day only to have a clogged tub!!! then the room they switched us out.. people were still occupying it!! so the last room they gave us.. sink didn't work, tub was dripping really badly, and the phone didn't work!!! by then we were way exhausted to change rooms!!! the hallways were dirty! the rooms were dusty!!! etc!!! WE HATED IT!
Terrible place, do not waste your time!  Awful valets, very slow, most restaurants closed for lunch.  Go somewhere nice like Wynn, Encore, Cosmo, etc.. Wayne Gorsek
This was my first weekend Vegas trip w/ my bf and we were planning on having a special weekend.. We saw the low rates on hotels.com and decided to book The Las Vegas Hilton. We didn't realize how far away it was from the strip and that made it difficult with transportation and everything when meeting our friends who came along with us. . . When booking my hotel room at The Las Vegas Hilton, I requested a smoking room and hypo-allergenic bedding for the room.. I am severely allergic to feathers. As I checked in, the GSA didn't review any notes about my stay.. She didn't even welcome us. She just said Last Name, here's your keys. Didn't even say enjoy your stay or anything.She didn't tell us about amenities of the hotel or tell us where anything was located.  I just knew that was a bad impression first off. When we arrived at the room, there were pillows n a comforter both with feathers and we were checked into a non-smoking floor. I was pretty upset so i called downstairs to get everything changed. I was on hold for 15 mins just to talk to the operator.. It took 2 hours to get new keys to our room. We went to our new room and still.. MORE FEATHERED PILLOWS... I called downstairs and was very pissed at this point. The housekeeper that answered the phone was very rude. I asked her about how long it would take the get the hypo-allergenic pillows to my room which in the first place i requested in our room.. She said about 20 mins.. I said ok, I explained the situation to her w/ my request in the first place and all she said was. DO YOU WANT THE PILLOWS OR NOT! I couldn't believe that she would give me (the guest) So much attitude... 1 1/2 hrs later, the pillows showed up... The following day, I called housekeeping again to request some fresh towels. 3 hrs later, they showed up.. I was so irritated with how bad their service was I was ready to check out. The day that we checked out.. I went up to the counter and yes, the same GSA that checked us in was there to check us out.. She didn't ask how everything was or how our stay was.. She just yelled very loudly.. YOU HAVE A 0 BALANCE SO YOUR SET TO GO... Everyone in line looked at us and I was very embarrassed.  She didn't thank us for staying at The Las Vegas Hilton, she didn't say come visit us again.. NOTHING!!! I WILL NEVER, EVER STAY AT THE LAS VEGAS HILTON AGAIN!! Do yourself a favor.. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY AT THE LAS VEGAS HILTON... Find a hotel much more worth your money.. . I went to the Wynn for the brunch buffet, I wasn't even a hotel guest and I got much better service in the 20 mins I was in line that  I did at my entire stay at the Hilton.. . Next time, I will stay directly on the strip and will spend more for a room because obviously, it'll be much more worth it..
Ok I think this was the worst experience I've had at a hotel anywhere. We had rooms at a different hotel and it was crappy so we booked here instead thinking it'd be decent it's a Hilton they've been in the business for awhile. We checked in a little late around 9 pm or so, so check in went smooth the staff was friendly the place smelled beautiful they had fresh night blooming jasmine in beautiful vases at the counter. That was the best part of the whole experience. We went upstairs to our room and walked in I'm sure the couple making love were much more horrified then we were, we at least had our clothes on. Seems they forgot to note the room was taken. Should have remembered why we stopped booking rooms through Hilton This happened to us before on a trip to San Francisco where we walked into a room occupied by two dogs that were none to friendly. So we go downstairs and were apologized to, given an upgrade and sent on our way to yet another occupied room people clothes were strewn about and towels luckily it looked like they were out for the evening so this time at least no yelling. We were given free buffets and an upgrade to a lanai suite and another apology. We were informed we couldn't talk to the hotel manager because he was in a meeting but they'd be sure to let him know about it. So this room was unoccupied and would be pretty if not for the stain on the carpet and the cigarette burn next to the bed. The bed was big and comfy the view of the golf course was lovely though they neglected to clean the ash tray on the patio. The bathroom was spacious but unfortunately there was rotting wood on the walls near the bottom though that is do to I'm sure to the large walk in showers with rain style overhead shower heads real nice place to shower I admit. The countertop in the bathroom was water streaked and dusty but my husband cleaned it with water because by this time we were fed up. The beautiful plasma TV in the parlor was broken so we were only able to use the standard one in the bedroom for us not a big deal but for someone who has booked and paid the asking price for this room yeah it's going to be a problem and if you're only staying a few days be warned it takes at least two to get someone to look at the TV according to the gentleman who came to see if he could help us out. Housekeeping will open the door without knocking here just to let you know even if you leave a do not disturb sign on the door so with all the miscommunication about rooms which by the way according to the front desk is housekeeping's fault I suggest you double bolt I got to see how the couple we walked in out felt the next morning do to this fun quirk. I think Hilton might want to invest in getting housekeeping proper training. After being walked in on, my husband was not in the best of moods so this time he wanted to speak to the manager. Kevin O Brian was the gentleman he spoke to and I have to say though none of last nights problems had been mentioned to him he was very apologetic seemed sincerely to be embarrassed about the situation comped our internet I do feel he was sincere but the whole experience left a bad taste in my mouth and I have no real intention of staying on any Hilton property which is a shame I love Vegas and tend to only gamble at the hotel I book my room in and do most of my shopping on property as these getaways are my me time. I didn't gamble or leave the room much at all! What if the person they gave key's to my room wasn't as honest as we were I bring my laptop and jewelry with me as many people do plus I was going to a wedding in Arkansas after this particular get away so I had a lot of valuables on me at the time. I almost didn't go to the show I'd purchased tickets for but Mr O Brian put a not e in the computer that no one was to touch the room unless me or my husband personally invited them in. All in all I have to say I probably should have stayed at the crappy little hotel downtown at least they gave me an unoccupied room with a working television without a bunch of hassle.
If you really are just looking for a cheap place to stay in Vegas, then I guess this place is fine though you are better off at Luxor since at least you are on the Strip.  If you have any other expectations, this place is a complete dump and you should spend the extra money to go somewhere decent. I can't find much, if anything, to like about this hotel other than that it was free for me as the company foot the bill.  The wireless is PAINFULLY slow (like dial-up slow), the gym costs $20/day and is akin to a cheap 1980s Jane Fonda era place with mainly broken down machines, the towels are like dishrags, the food is horrendous in both the Buffet and the restaurants I tried, the bottled water is $4, etc.  Hell, the wakeup call service is completely ridiculous and the HD TV does not have any HD channels with it. Clearly, Hilton has given up on this place and no investment is being made to do any upgrades to anything. . . Mainly, it is full of drunk, chain smoking rednecks stumbling around the hotel and it is on the FAR end of the Strip so don't expect to walk anywhere.  Go to the Wynn or the Bellagio if you can foot the bill or try the Paris or MGM as they usually have some decent room rates.
Got a sweet deal on Expedia. Well, now that I've seen the hotel I know why. . . The first thing was we were looking for a bellhop to help us with our luggage due to back problems and couldn't find one anywhere. We checked in to our first room and discovered it was dirty and covered in cigarette burns. When we went back down to ask for another room, we decided to upgrade for an extra $20 a day. We got to that room only to walk into a shitty situation. Literally. The toilet was FULL of shit. I don't mean someone forgot to flush the toilet, I mean like someone was playing a nasty prank on us and didn't flush for 3 days.  How's that to start the vacation?. . Then we had to wait for a plumber, who finally fixed the issue and then had to wait for housekeeping to come back because there was shit all over the floor. Management didn't offer us anything at all for the disgusting inconvenience nor did they offer to switch our room. We're even considering staying a few extra days but will definitely be switching hotels. What happened to the service and cleanliness The Hilton brand use to carry with it?. . Spend the extra few bucks to stay down the way.. . Okay same day update: I bitched and moaned and got one night of the upgraded room ($20) paid for and my $20 room service paid for. $40. I don't feel I should have to bring that issue up, it should really be acknowledged in the customer service world BEFORE complaining. Proactive,not reactive.
This place is an absolute dump.  Do not stay here for any reason.  I would have given this place zero stars if possible.. . My room literally smelled sour.  Like someone spilled something that wasn't properly cleaned.  The shower was terrible with water just barley warm enough to tolerate.  Asked for a new room and was told that one wasn't available until the following night.  When I did get a new room, the results were similar to my previous room.  Compared notes with the 4 others I was traveling with and they also had similar complaints.. . The food was below average and way overpriced even for Vegas.  Was in town for business and needed to order room service one evening, Chicken Caesar Salad, Side of Fries, Glass of Wine....$51.35 before tip.  Opened the lid to find half the lettuce was brown and the chicken was nothing more than a microwaved piece of leather plus the wine was not what I had ordered....sigh!  Printing my one page boarding pass in the business center cost me $2.89.  Seriously!?. . It's no wonder that Hilton is pulling its affiliation from this dump at the end of the year.  Good luck finding a new partner for this POS.  I could go on and on but will simply say....stay away from this place.  There are so many better options in Vegas.
I'm not going to waste time writing about this hotel as I have tried to block it out of my mind. It needs massive amounts of money for upgrades but it's connected to the convention center so who knows when that will happen. There were many escorts by the elevator which no one from the hotel cared about. I guess if I had to work it "that" building I would care about anything either.
Dated, Dismal and Disgusting.. . I hate to post such a negative review, but would hate to have anyone have a similar experience.. . My husband and I recently stayed at the Las Vegas Hilton on a 8 hour layover in lieu of a redeye to the east coast...I think the redeye would have been more pleasant. I knew the property was aging, but I was not prepared for such a horrible experience in the mere 6 +/- hours we were there.. . The hotel was dingy, smelled of cigs from the moment you walked in (I know, it's Vegas).. . Had to wear my sandals in the shower it was so nasty (they had a rubber mat on the edge of the tub that was as bad as the bottom of the tub), carpet was dirty, room smelled awful, sheets were hanging off the side of the bed when we arrived, and I was bitten by something in the night....and we were told there were no non-smoking rooms available, so this is what we got...oddly we never saw another soul on our floor. . . We paid around $180 for the "night". . We got 2 hours sleep, maybe.. Do not stay here unless you have to, you don't plan to sleep or shower, or you don't care about filth. This is a far cry from other Hilton properties we've stayed at in recent months.
As a Hilton Hhonors member ive stayed here many, many times ONLY to get the ultra cheap rooms and points. Others do this as well. I do not recommend this hotel.. . Front desk "manager" known as "Junior" is the most unprofessional, rude and ignorant person Ive had to deal with personally or professionally. I was actually stunned by his blatantly ignorant attitude.. . Some employess are true gems, others the bottom of the barrel. Junior Salvator is an example of the latter and im sure has cost this place dearly. I have had friends andgroups in town and have sent them elsewhere due to this ...person. . Granted its a faded glory BUT that solely due to Colony capitol the owners who had a unique licensing agreement with Hilton, which finally, they lost effective Jan 3 2012. Colony walked away from Resorts in Atlantic City and The AC Hilton, now the ACH, lost its franchise immediately and according to teh AC press hasnt paid taxes since 2009. This seems to be the way this company operates: Buy a property run it to the ground until teh bank takes over and declare bankruptcy.. . The rooms are old. Even the fantasy suites on the 29th floor feature ( drum roll) A VCR!! I miss the 80's but REALLY?? Rugs look like they just removed the police tape from the crime scene, dirty musty and old. bathrooms are surprisingly clean however. The halls are long , floors uneven and dark. SIGNAGE IS HORRIBLE you will never find you way without a guide.. . Spa is OLD SCHOOL which, if you like that, youll enjoy the experience. Gym is in the spa. There are separate male and female spa areas. rugs are filthy in the locker room. A hot tiny workout room with machines usually not functioning. . Food: its BAD but at least its EXPENSIVE....... LVH is NOT a food destination. benihana is the best outlet but even that is very uneven. . . check in is amazingly slow- so slow its almost like a seinfeld skit, typing for minutes and minutes etc. Other properties are so fast.. . Bedding and towels are old. very old and surely the cheapest they could rent. Amenities are hilton standard however that will change in 2012. beds are cheap. Few furnishings in the room. . TV: Tired old box tvs and some rooms have plasmas BUT only a handful of channels and no HD which most other properties have.. . Complains and problems fall on deaf ears. Its the only Hilton affiliated property that does not respond to emails when all you are trying to do is resolve an issue, which then in itself becomes and issue.. . Vip lounge has its gems... This access is given to Diamond members instead of the lounge floor upgrade or access as required under Hilton Hhonors program ( they have the resorts club level-named to avoid policy compliance, not worth the price). . Parking is easy. Fast to get from car to room usually. Avoid sportsbook parking on sunday of course. . Sportsbook is giant and loud. Table games frequently have high minimums. Slots run from 1980 models to newer games. Players Card program went from bad to worse. Low payback and comp especially since the other properties have upgraded their programs.. . Many people have the same complaints over a long period which clearly shows the lack of ACTION from the property. Ive seen the innocous responses to some complaints posted here, but that "lip service" is only to alieviate the effect of the honest reviews.. . If you get a cheap rate, and need a place to stay...well... actually, there are many superior properties ( South point, Orleans etc) that offer superior product at a low price,. . Room Tip: Be near but not next to the elevators or service rooms. Have them show you on the map the location of your room The hallways are quite long especially if you are there for a convention
Never again.  This place is supposed to be a 3-star property; not even close.  The rates were pretty good for the property & we wanted to stay at a place that was close to a friend who lives just across the way, but this was not what I signed up for.  Driving up, you definitely get the sense that the property is pretty damn old but I figured the rooms would probably be in a somewhat renovated state.  Nope.  . . Well, apparently some of the suites have been updated but not the standard rooms.  I only know that the suites were renovated because when we checked in, we were assigned to a room on the 28th floor that turned out to be the middle section of a suite.  The room looked spacious with a full dining table, couch, flat screen TV, etc., but because it had no bed we immediately called the front desk and asked to be moved.  . . We were reassigned to a room on the 25th floor which had a bed but looked like a total dump.  The curtains couldn't be opened because the curtain hangers or whatever were broken so the whole time our curtains had to be kept closed.  The flatscreen TV in the room appeared decent enough until we turned it on:  static-y/grainy ala a poor college kid's set where you have a TV but no cable service.. . We decided not to ask for a different room or upgrade since we figured our trip would be short & we wouldn't be in the room all that much.  So the next morning we find out we have some ghetto ass LOUD neighbors who start yelling and hooting and hollering as though they are having a party at 8:30 a.m.  The room walls weren't all that solid to begin with (as clearly evident from the fact that as we were walking down the hall we could hear a woman who was clearly having what I can only imagine was an amazing orgasm) but the yelling and screaming sounded like we didn't even have a wall between us.  . . So we leave the hotel in the morning to meet up with friends and have brunch, etc., and return to find that housekeeping never stopped by during the several hours we were out.  Awesome.  So we had to call housekeeping and specifically request that our room be turned.  Never had to do that before.  . . I will never return to the property unless there's a significant remodel done to the entire place which is highly unlikely.  Next time, no matter how short the stay, I intend on just spending the money to stay at a decent property.  With all the choices in the area, the quality of the rooms here are unacceptable.
I ended up in the hospital after 1 night here!. . I stayed at the LV Hilton in October for a business convention.  After being in my room for only a couple of hours I took a nap and got a spider bite.  The next day the bite was so bad I ended up in Urgent Care, ER, and then a 5 day hospital stay.  I was on heavy pain killers (dilaudin) and antibiotic drip for the entire time.  When I notified the hotel they took no responsibility and said their hotel is clean.  They didn't even comp my 3 night stay, that I was never there for.  Not even an apology.  I have been a Hilton chain customer for about 13 years.  I will never stay in one of their properties again!
What a poorly run property! We had made a reservation two months in advance for a non smoking room with two double beds! Shouldn't have been that tough. On arrival after waiting in line for forty minutes we were informed the room would not be available until after 4pm. We returned to check in at 10pm at which time we were informed they had no non smoking rooms with double beds. We spoke to the manager who kept us waiting 15 minutes and then was rude, he made no effort to correct their mistake! I have stayed in thousands of hotels and have never been told my reservation for a non smoking room and doubles beds was only a request and the hotel was under no obligation to honor my reservation.  We were given a room with one king bed and told a rollaway would be sent up. When we got to our room it hadn't been cleaned, bed was a mess, dirty glasses and room keys laying around, bathroom hadn't been cleaned. We returned to the front desk. This time a room with two double beds opened up and non smoking as well!Upon reaching this room it was clean, however the thermostat was falling off the wall, the sink didn't drain and the shower had warm water at best. I could go on but by now you should have an idea of what to expect. If your expectations are that of a one star hotel then you may be satisfied.  This property is awful in almost every respect. It is a disgrace to the Hilton name!
Can I give no stars? I could spend an hour on why this place sucks. Ok I get the fact they are connected to a convention center and will always get guests but come on. Put some $ in the Place.. . Sportsbook is big and gross. I didn't want to touch anything in that place. Rikers island has cleaner facilities. . . Speaking of jail I'm sure there are nicer jail cells then the room I had. Hilton gold member, whatever.. . The restaurants please...went to 3 of them. Garbage and overpriced. . We have another convention in Feb and the quote of the day was. "guys take a good look at this hotel, cause it will is the last time we stay here!". . Very smokey FYI
No Parking, no Parking, sad for a mega hotel complex, had tickets to a 9pm benefit concert . Valet was closed (full) at 8pm. drove around the complete hotel and garage for 1 hour. had to give up and go home.  No Parking sucks..
Wow. I'm still stunned at my experience from this hotel. Normally I stay at the TI, or Venetian, Mirage, but since I waited until the last second, and it was four days before New Years, I went against my better judgement and booked at the Las Vegas Hilton (aka Las Vegas Hotel). Well the room was more of a 2 star room, adequate, functional, with a bathroom that resembled a motel 6 bathroom. They basically added a 400 dollar flat screen which qualifies as a remodel nowadays at these hotels. But why do I give it  a one star rating? Well we wake up New Years morning and my fiance tells me she has a bug bite on her hand. Which I  kind of assumed maybe it was from a mosquito, except there was two bites right in a row?? Well at that point guessed who came crawling up the comforter? I was the actual resident of the room! Yes, you guessed it. We were not alone in that bed, it was indeed a disgusting BED BUG  in search of dessert. When the Las Vegas Hilton says free meals, they should qualify that! I had never seen a bed bug to that point so I trapped the little guy in a glass and googled him. It was a bed bug for sure, flat, looks like a tick, a little bigger than I imagined. So I took him down to the front desk and asked the manager (Melissa) what she thought it was. Surprisingly enough she had a look of  bewilderment. "I don't know...." was her response. I educated her and told her its a bed bug, apparently she's never seen a bed bug before???? So then the hotel went into response mode, and told me security would meet me in the room. I went up to the room to meet security. 30 minutes later no security. I called back down the front desk, and RC  told me security had some emergencies to deal with and to call back in an hour. He graciously offered me a free buffet while we waited. So, not being one to give up a free meal--I took him up on his offer. It was interesting that on the reason slip for the buffet, he didn't note "bed bug infestation" it was noted "leaky tub"--Denial?  Well, buffet---below average--sounds good in theory---but it reminded me of airline food back when they served it "free". So I returned to the room, and waited for security. As we waited for security two more bed bugs beat them to the room. (Apparently the good word is out about the complimentary blood buffet in room 457). I called again downstairs to RC and he says Lee from security on the way to investigate. Lee shows up shortly there after looks at the one we captured and the other ones crawling around (who knows how more there are that we can't see, as they blend in well on the brown floor and furniture) and calls down to presumably RC to tell him yes, there's a bed bug problem.  So let me cut to the chase, here's their solution. Since I'm leaving the next day is to move me to an "upgraded" room, which is basically the  same room, plus a sofa and a bathroom that looks more in like it had been remolded in the past ten years. Noticing that it seemed that this remedy was all that would  be offered, I went to the front desk to request a refund. I believed this to be a simple and easy request. Alas they did not agree. I was told to take it up with "risk management". Who is risk management? Dissatisfied I then left a message for the hotel general manager Joanne Murphy to call me. Two days later, no call, apparently this is how they take care of their guests.   . . In speaking with RC, and JR, of their management (yes apparently the ones that talk to you only give their initials??) They stated that bed bugs are in all hotels, the Wynn, Venetian, etc). My response, was--maybe. But what's different about those hotels is that they seek remedies to satisfy their guests, not try to sweep it under the rug or believe a fair remedy is to feed their guests disgusting buffet food.. . I have to go now, I have to dry clean these clothes to make sure there's no eggs in them or otherwise I'd have my own infestation!, . . Thanks Las Vegas Hilton, and Joanne Murphy!
This is not a "Hilton" hotel.  It was sold a few years ago and the "Hilton" company has been trying to get their name off of it.  I have stayed at a few "Hilton's" over the years and many casinos in Vegas but had never stayed here before but my wife and I wanted to try something new.. .  Apparently they don't believein customer service at the LVH.  Maybe they didn't know that there is competition for travelers in Vegas?  They were rude from the moment we checked in until the moment we left.  The people at the front desk, the woman at the players club desk, even at the coffee shop acted like they wanted nothing to do with us.  So rude and uninterested in speaking to us.  My wife and I made it a point not to spend a penny here.  We saw shows at Ceasars Palace, and New York New York, ate at Paris, Mandalay Bay, The Flamingo, and Terribles casino.  We spent quite a bit over the last 3 days but not one penny at the LVH.  . . The room was nothing special.  I've stayed at 6 different casinos now and would rate the quality of the room in the middle.  Nothing exceptional, nothing horrible about the room itself.  . . When I've stayed at the Hilton in San Francisco they always treated me with such respect, the other casinos in Vegas made us feel welcome.  I would rather get a $20 room at the Palace Station than go back to the LVH.  I would rather spend a lot more at a casino that I enjoy being at then put one more penny in the pockets of the staff at LVH.  The management clearly is not doing their job if their employees are allowed to treat guests like they do.  When you are on vacation you want the people at your resort/hotel to be welcoming, not act like you are bothering them, they are tired and don't want to see any more guests.
Horrible place, lost our rooms 3 times, seriously?
Bad customer service.  They put my family in a room right beside elevator, which felt like earthquake all night long.  The hair dryer was not working and took two phone calls to have it replaced.  When I asked the supervisor RJ to change to a different room, he acted I was ridiculous.   I have been to different hotels all over the world, in term of service LVH definitely worse than the small motels.  Sham........
Never again! The only good thing about TheLVH is it has a Monorail Station attached to it. That's it. We reserve a room with a strip view, which is the one above the cost of the basic room. We check in, asked for one king. We got two full size beds. I went down to let them know. The said all they had available was a room with a king, that they couldn't guarantee if was a smoking room even though it was on a nonsmoking floor. We took it. It was dirty as hell! It had a king size bed with a full sized headboard. It had a 1970 thermostat on the wall that blew luke warm air, cracks in the sink, stains all over. I went back down to complain, and they were apolagetic, and said that was all they had to offer. All they did was credit me $5 cause I no longer had a strip view. Did I mention my brother-n-laws reserved the basic room and go nice marble floors in the bathroom area, automatic curtains, not funky smell, and a thermostat from 2002. This place blows!!!
This hotel definitely changed, from Las Vegas Hilton to Las Vegas Hotel and Casino. The rooms are very plain and dull. When I came here in the past before this hotel changed their name, there were extra pillows, extra toiletries...Now you have to ask for everything. Oh and by the way, there was not a hair blow dryer either! =(. . Once we walked into the room, I noticed that someone must have slept on the bed or something, because the pillows were all messed up. The bed was not centered and I almost fell down sitting on the corner, since it wasn't on the bed frame. The floor had all these spots on it like they didn't wash it thoroughly. The toilet wasn't even flushed! GROSS! The vent had dust bunnies and it just dirty. The shower head was small and the water pressure is horrible! I had to wash my hair longer than I had to. The television signal was unbearable. I didn't even want to watch anything because all you could see is static and it just was not up to pare. . . The casino is a bit small and the decorations aren't very attractive. I find it really random...Alien design and then a regular looking casino??? Weird. . . Due to my experience here, I am sad that Hilton got taken over by this company. The experience here was not great, and I would not recommend coming here. . . P.S. The only good thing about this place is the promotion. You get about $100 in savings for the different restaurants and spa center located here. Also, two free buffets for breakfast, lunch, dinner or brunch. The promotion value could be $110 for players and $130 for non-players. If you "Go Green," you also get $10 for spending for food and beverages in the hotel. In addition, the sports book here is very good! So many televisions and comfortable seats!
ugggggggggggggggggghhhhh... I will never visit this place again!!!!. . 1- You are on the complete opposite side of the strip. 2- they are still charging a crazy amount per night. 3- The rooms are old, and make me want to sleep in my car.. . The hotel is very old. I did not have the best experience there. I had to call room servicer to have them change my sheets. They were not clean. I dont recomend this place at all.. . But on a bright side i will give the buffett a 5 stars. I keep telling myself tht if i go back to Vegas i will visti their buffett. You pay I believe $15 or $16 per person all you can eat. But they have a pasta buffett where they will cook you chicken, shrimp, with any kind of pasta i personally loved it this must of been the best thing about the entire trip. The buffett highly recomended. To stay, defenitley find else where.
I've never been to the hotel, but I'm a vendor that sells them merchandise for the gift shop and I am really disgusted at the lack of payment for open invoices.  These guys are a casino and they are refusing to pay $678 invoice that was due back in February.  SHAME ON YOU LVH, shame on you.. . Don't give these people your business.
This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. . . My room was dirty. There was soap with hairs stuck to it and a dirty wash cloth in the bathroom. The floor was obviously not vacuumed because there were pennies and gun wrappers on the in front of the couch and under the coffee table. This makes one wonder if they even changed the sheets! Also, the curtain rod was broken off and laying behind the desk and both TV remote batteries were dead.. I called house keeping twice to have someone come clean it.  Apparently "Terry" never conveyed the message because they never came.  A maintenance man did come fix the batteries--Ihad called the front desk for that.. The next day I went to the front desk and told them what happened. When I returned to my room later that day, someone had come---and neatly placed the dirty hairy soap that was left behind by the previous tenant on a new wash cloth and and it on the tub ledge. ??? . . Room service wasn't any better. I called and asked if there was any organic products on the menu--the woman rudely replied "Like what, what do you mean, what do you want to eat?" I said "My preference would be anything organic...anything at all." She  just started reading the entire menu to me.  . . The front desk staff was nice enough, but ineffective. . The maintenance man was nice and fixed the remote problem.. The concierge was nice and helpful. . Both room service and house keeping were horrible and possibly unsanitary.
Just an update this hotel is no longer a Hilton and I'm guessing I know why LOL. I have been back to a Hilton do to the impeccable treatment given to us after they read this review and tat stay was much nicer
Bad bad service, when we checked in the girl at check in desk gave us a room that had people in it.  We went back down and told her and she said well leg me see if I can find you another room. . . So we get the key for another room after 45 minutes. As went towards the room we see the cleaning lady starting to clean our room. This 4 pm!  We waited 20 minutes for our room while she clean it. . . Then last night the room next door alarm clock start to ring non stop  at 4 am. We called security and after 45 minutes and numerous phone calls they send a person to open the adjacent room door and shut off the alarm.   . . When we checked out we asked to speak to manager. Rudy, one of hotel managers, came and listened to our complaint and said sorry I can't do anything about that, rudely. . . I know that I will never stay there ever again.
Horrible experience the room was dirty when I arrived and all the systems were down so check in was a hassle. I would have asked for an entire refund but the manager at front desk was getting hassled by everyone for assistance and I had to wait in a long line again! no thanks. They offered me free buffet vouchers but all i wanted to do is sleep I had  been on the road for hours. I explained I was tired and wanted to get to my room that I paid for through Expedia and if not within 20 minutes of arrival I was going to call them to get a refund. So overall bad service at front desk because they are understaffed and there are hardly any taxis out side. Room looked dirty with hair in the tub beds looked sloppy closet sloppy it looked like they didn't clean the room. They upgraded me to a suite because of the delay and the suite wasn't even clean gross! I am only giving one star because of the price but I overpaid after all because the gym is not free its additional 15$ a day wow Id like to had known that before hand I could of stayed somewhere better. Save your $$ on this one its rundown dirty and they have the nerve to charge extra for a gym.
This was my 4th time staying at this hotel for a convention next door and I will never go back!  The last 3 years I have been downgraded from the Grand Room to a crappy room and all they offer me is a smoking room when I have complained.  I don't know why they take reservations they are unable to fulfill.. This year the lady at the front desk double talked me and said we have been upgraded from the Grand room to a resort club room for an extra $10 per night.  When we got up to the room, it turned out to be another crappy room.  I immediately called down to the front desk to complain but was told they sold out of Grand rooms.  They considered me upgraded because my room was supposed to have robes, slippers & a free bottle of water, NONE of which was in our room.  I was told to call housekeeping about getting those items sent up.  We were also given gold keys to another room on another floor, which apparently had food and drinks but only open limited hours so we never did have a chance to see that.  So, thats what they considered an "upgrade" and tried to charge me more for.  I ended up calling the manager the next day and they took $30 off but to me it wasn't worth it at all.  . The room was supposedly updated but it looked the same as it did the last 4 years, broken lighted mirror and not vacuumed.   Bottom line is I will never go back!
Horrible service they don't take their jobs seriously everyone needs to be fired or retrained including the maids. Sloppy rooms that are not cleaned properly and bad customer service be aggressive about your complaints or they will just give you a free buffet voucher and a sorry.  Screw this property and go somewhere clean and customer friendly.
I booked this hotel on Hotwire for 1 night. It was about 1/3 of the cost of staying on the strip on a Saturday night and we were only going to be in the hotel for about 9 hours so I figured, why not? This hotel is in need of some serious updates. There was water dripping from the ceiling in the hallway leading to our elevator. The area was roped off with a garbage can in the middle to catch the water but it was still dripping on people as you walked by. The room was ok, bed was comfortable. We went down early to spend a little time at the pool before checkout. Not crowded like most pools on the strip, so that was nice. We went back to our room shortly before checkout so I could take a quick shower before checking out. I opened the shower curtain to find a puddle of black sludge on the floor of the shower. Needless to say, I decided against showering in it. When I told the front desk about it at checkout, she had a bit of an attitude that I was complaining because I didn't call anyone to tell them 1st. I tried explaining to her that there wasn't really time for that, as I had to check out. She gave me a free upgrade for next time, but I don't foresee myself ever staying here again! I can definitely see why they lost their "Hilton" affiliation!!
This place is a disgusting filthy remnant of its former self. The place stunk (literally). My room was seriously outdated and had a stain that had seeped in and a splatter stain on the carpet (I couldn't tell if it was Jaegermeister or blood). The casino has fewer offerings and table games open than any Native American reservation casino I have ever visited. The nightlife is....well, what nightlife can there be when no one is around to hear the live band or mingle in the club.? Terrible experience all the way around. Please implode this place and build something nice.
Very upset to stay the LVH!! The front desk really mess up my trip from 07/20 - 07/22! Had the travel agent request the adjoining rooms and the baby crib when I checked in, and my hard copy had showed the request. However, when I arrived there at 12pm... I got two rooms separated in different levels, one was 8; another one was 27, and I needed to request again for the baby crib. When I asked how would it be, the guy (front desk) said "ask your travel agent, I don't know" and when I asked if he was able to arrange the rooms at least on the same level... he said nothing was available, and the crib would be put on the system! After 3 hours waiting the crib, I called to the guest service and see where the crib was, the nice lady said there no request showed on the system, and she would like to follow it up! Within half hour, finally the crib was in my room!! . . I don't know how the LVH trained the Front Desk people?? Hope they understand the front desk people is the frist impact to represent the hotel! If the front desk can't solve what the customers need, what the front desk for?? I would rather check in with the computer instead of the useless front desk person!?!?! . . Will not recommend anyone to go there!!
This weekend, my husband and I were invited to a wedding in Las Vegas.  Initially, I thought, " We can stay at the Hilton Grand Vacation Club and check out the pricing to purchase". Well, we ended up at the LVH because the wedding party was there and it would be easier to change or run to our room if necessary.  . . Upon check-in we were told that our room, which was paid for in advance, was sold out.  We were told that we could not get the discount associated with the wedding party and that we couldn't have a refund.  Ohhh, but then came the GOOD news!!!. .  We could have an upgrade to a "better" room.  However, we could not use the complimentary robes, complimentary water or the Concierge Lounge on the floor.   We could just use the bed and the "regular stuff". . .  Hmmmm, so I am no rocket scientist, but did we just get a segregated upgrade.  In other words, you can use the room, but not anything associated with it???  Really.  Tacky and insulting.  I have been a member of  HHonors for years.  Hilton has always been a very safe and classy choice for travel.  We have stayed at MANY Hilton Hotels and have never been so disgusted and insulted.. . My biggest gripe is that we could have purchased the concierge room online at a cheaper rate( additional $20.00).  So, I guess the reservation agent assumed we could not afford to pay the additional $40.00 associated with their free upgrade ( by the way, she never even offered us the new rate, she just assumed we would not pay).   I would have left and stayed elsewhere if we were not pressed for time.  . . This Hilton is a disgrace.  The management should be ashamed and Hilton really needs to re-asses this property to bring it up to the standards associated with other Hilton Hotels worldwide.
This place is horrible!!!!!! DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. . We made a pre-paid reservation for 4 rooms a couple of weekends ago. We were beyond shock when 3 out of the 4 rooms where still very dirty when we checked in at 10PM! Yes 10PM, meaning they had several hours of extra time to clean the room! And I mean, junk all over the floor, bed unmade, etc. It looked like someone had a party in the 3 rooms. At that point, we were already a bit upset but managed to keep our cool.. . But then when we went to front desk to complain about the situation, we were greeted with extreme rudeness by the so-called lady supervisor. All she said was there's only ONE housekeeper available at this time and she's not sure what time she can start to clean. What kind of hotel would only have one housekeeper available?!!! . . When asked if there was another room that they can just move us to, she answered "we are fully booked today. so NO! If you want, I can give you your money back if you dont want to wait!". . . WOW!! No apology or whatever.. Just plain rudeness! So went and talked to the manager who of course said that he's never had any complaints about the supervisor who was rude to us. Of course he protected his coworker and just said the same thing to us. At this point, we didnt even want to argue anymore as it was late and we were tired.  This hotel has no customer service  whatsoever!!!!. . We left and took our refund. We will never go back there ever!!!!!!!!. . STAY AWAYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just a quick update.  It has been brought to my attention that LVH-Formally known as the Las Vegas Hilton, is no longer a Hilton.  The deceptive wording "Formally" leads one to believe there was a name change and not a change of ownership.  Nevertheless, all of the policies are the same, the lounge or Concierge level is still the same and the expectation was still the same.  I feel EVEN MORE violated because they intentionally represented themselves as a Hilton.  WHAT A RIP!!. . Thanks for the knowledge.  Knowledge is POWER!!!
Do not stay here!!!. . Filthy!. . Overpriced!. . Had two hookers smoking the reefer and doin the do in the room next to us. So, it was difficult to get any sleep. . . We told management and they said there was nothing they could do about the smell of pot.. . Last I checked, it waa illegal. But, hey, it is Vegas.
Place was dirty. The soap and shampoo in the bathroom was used, the bed looked like they had just remade it without changing the sheets, and there was a roller bed from the last occupants in the middle of the room. When we called to get the roller bed out nobody came, called again and still nothing. After 45 minutes of waiting I had to just move it myself out to the hall. The furniture looked old and beat up, and there's not even a mini-fridge. Glad we only stayed one night here. Spent the rest of our trip at the MGM Signature, that hotel is awesome. Skip the LVH.
Oh yelp, why can't we give a place negative stars?. . Came here for a work conference- really wished I had booked elsewhere.  First I was given what I assume to be a classic room- next to the elevator bank.  The check lady informed me it was somehow the only non-smoking room left (in the middle of 100+ degree August?!) but that I could check back the following day to be switched.  The room smelled like smoke despite being a non- smoking room and I couldn't sleep with the racket the creaky elevators gave off all night.  The final straw came when I realized after taking a shower the next morning that the room didn't even have a hair dryer.  Got moved to another room- away from the elevator and yay, with a hair dryer!  Unfortunately, somehow didn't have hot water so I ended up taking an icy cold shower and needing to turn on the heat while it was 100+ degrees outside.. . Room quality was not great on top of everything else.  Place feels old and run down- carpet is the type you don't want to walk barefoot on.  I hit up Expedia during the conference to see if I could find a cheap room in another hotel to switch to and found out LVH rooms were going for as low as $35!!  More than my org was paying for me but I would put the room value around that much.  . . You can't win being this far away from the strip but this place isn't even trying.  I'm not including reviews on the restaurants because it wouldn't improve anyone's desire to stay here.  For the price you are better off at least trying to find a place on the strip.  They do have the monorail but who wants to have to ride the monorail?. . I will give LVH props for giving $10 in free slots if you opt to go green.  I'm not much of a gambler but went for it and came out $300 ahead.
Let me say upfront: I have stayed at this property for 5 years now while it was still Hilton branded. It was always ok if I needed to stay away from the strip and my Vegas trip was not exclusively for entertainment.. . I checked in there yesterday and the place is a complete dump now that Hilton dropped their franchise in January. Maybe it is because of this.. . The service right now it is rock bottom, particulary of one of the front desk staff (Jennifer) that has been introduced to me as duty manager (who did not even have a business card). I reserved a room with a king bed and the front desk clerk offered a room with two double beds. Or another room right next to the elevator. Both rooms are in the central tower. The worst of them all.. . I used to get good treatment here as Hilton Diamond. Not even talking about the benefits that are zilch for me now after re-branding but I would say that as a repeat customer with over 10 stays you might get a slightly better welcome than this.. . I ended up just using the room as a storage and staying at the Renaissance nearby which is a very nice and modern hotel next to the convention center.. . It has been nice here but time to move on. Avoid the LVH at all costs. You just don't know what you're going to get once you arrive.. . Cheers. S.
In the past i stayed in the Hilton several times so i thought the name change would not make much of a difference but was i wrong.  We arrived on a 110 degree day and waited 30 minutes to have our baggage brought up.  It appeared they had only 2 hamndlers on duty so  this was not right.  Upon entering our room i was greeted by a wet mop which i put out in the hallway.  I noticed there was a light out in the bathroom and the tub had a drip that would not stop.  Considering i had paid for an upgraded room id hate to think what a standard room would be like?  All their retaurants were high priced and really werent worth it.  In conclusion i will NEVER stay here again even if they gave me a rioom for FREE!
OMG.. this is the worst hotel I ever stayed in.  It's noisy and guest smoke drugs in the hotel.  No one cares.  A manager on dutie by the name of Van Nguyen., was the worst ever.  After talking with him about concern matters he called his self helping by putting me in a upgrade which was worst.  It had extremely old furniture, with no light bulbs, bath tub was broken, hinges of tv stand.  The room had a smell of roach spray. Valet parking is very unorganized.  And Bellman delivered a basket that was sent 1 day prior because they said it wasn't there and it was.  Never again.  They never fixed the problem., poor poor poor poor customer service.  No wonder they are in financial failure.  Never again. This would be the last place I would stay.
I had a bad experience in LVH.. I booked the Lanai room, but I was given a central tower room, which is actually much cheaper than what I bought. I asked the manager to exchange the room for me, but the manager unfriendly refused to, insisting that it it was Lanai room, just not all Lainai room has stairs, and not all Lanai room looked the same. . There is not stairs, not fence dividing the bedroom and the parlor. There is not either pool view or golf court view outside the patio either. The manager told me that there is not view because we are on the 3rd floor, but the room did face the pool and golf court. What' that reason? but why would you advertise on your website saying that there will be either pool view or golf view?? . The whole experience in LVH I felt cheated.. . The room has bad smell.We stayed for night, and there was not one coming for room clean after the first night. I did make sure we didn't put the "Do Not Disturb" sign on the door before we left.
AC didn't work in our room and room smelled like sewage. Pool was good, steak restaurant was good. Won't stay there again.
I have stayed at some of the worlds humblest accommodations - Motel 6, random hostels, seedy hotels with names like "Hotel", and this was probably the worst hotel experience I have ever had.  There was no "Do Not Disturb" sign provided, so while we were sleeping in late, the maid was trying to bum rush the door like a SWAT team trying to penetrate a sleeper cell.  We made a simple request for a wine cork from room service, and 1hour 15 minutes and two phone calls later were still waiting as we left for the strip for the evening.  We never got that damn wine cork.  . . Compared to the horribleness of the service, the amorphous brown stains on the bed headboard were actually sort of quaint and somewhat art nouveau.  The fact that they brag that they do not charge the "resort fee" other places do, but then charge 14 dollars per day per device for internet (usually included in resort fees) was actually business genius.  . . I would give this place zero or negative stars if I wasn't so impressed at how they conned me into staying here for 2 nights.  Bravo LVH!
OLD hotel. carpet in room looks dirty and is sticky. hole near the bottom of the wall in bathroom where you can see the pipes. Bed is old, i don't think they ever changed it since the hotel opened, very uncomfortable. no mistaking that you are staying ina  old hotel once you enter the room.. . Front desk was not friendly, when ask for any compensation for the the guest because that fire alarm went off at 12:40am and did not stop for 40 mins, he said no, it happens all the time, if we give compensation to eveyone everytime that happens we would be in trouble! . . By the way, they charge internet per machine, per day. so if you have a laptop and a ipad you want to use, you have to pay twice.. . I can see why Hilton took away the franchise! Never going to stay there again.
I will just say this: Friends don't let friends stay at the LVH!
How in the world does this hotel get 3 stars on YELP? One of our aquintances booked us a room here yesterday. I had no idea what to expect. It's not in the best part of town, that's for sure. Everything around it resembled a ghost town.. . 3 things came to mind the first moment I walked into the hotel. OLD, CHEAP and GHETTO!! Don't know how to explain it but there was no positive aura about this place at all. It was ghetto. From the elevators to the carpet, this place looked like it was ready to fall apart. . . Once, we got into our room, we noticed the faucet leaking loudly! Plus the room was by the elevator so it was very noisy. The room itself was pretty decent sized, but everything looked old, except for the flatscreen tv. I called the front desk to be transferred to another room and told them the situation, the gal said to go to the next room. I told her it was too noisy. She said the hotel was really full(really?). She said to come down to the front desk and they would find me another room.. . So we dragged all of our luggage back down. The dude that helped me was an idiot. As we specifically told him about the leaking and how they needed to fix it, he kept saying "I'm sure they will fix it." He looked agitated and wouldn't give eye contact. I don't know who trained him, but he doesn't want any responsiblity for the hotel's guests complaints. He should have said, " I'll look into it and make sure that the problem is corrected." Not "I'm sure they'll fix it." Does he even know when the leak started? Yesterday, a week ago, a year ago? Who's gonna fix it? Housekeeping? Roto Rooter? It's because of workers like him this hotel is under forclosure. I asked him for a room away from the elevator. He said they had one room left, as the hotel was really full(really again? sure didn't look like it). As we entered the room , I swore I smelled smoke but the room was non smoking. It was smaller than the first room and I questioned the cleanliness. My wife said the toilet paper in the bathroom was one that was damp, that dried up. Did someone drop it in the toilet or drop it on a wet floor? Is this place so cheap, that housekeeping won't even replace that? . . Normally, you would expect that if there is problem with a room, the guest's room should be upgraded, not downgraded like us. Long story short, you could not pay me to sleep here again. Avoid this crappy place. I'd much rather sleep at a Motel 6. This place should be called LVM for Las Vegas Motel, not LVH.
If you are a gambler seeking comps, DO NOT STAY OR PLAY AT LVH!!!. . LVH hosts LIE to their players, promising big comps...and tthen hey don't come through. . . LVH is a shady establishment running scams. They need to get shut down. It is a matter of time before they file for bankruptcy. In the meantime, they'll do whatever it takes to cheat you out of as much money as possible.. . LVH is an absolute dump.
LVH is absolutely the most horrible place I've ever stayed at. I will NEVER stay here again!. . I have been to Vegas over 20 times, and have stayed at various hotels around the strip, and even stayed at LVH like 10 years ago.. . However, my latest experience has been horrible:. . 1. Upon checking into the room, the drapes weren't working. I called room service and had the nerve to ask me to upgrade to a newer room, meaning I'd have to pay more.. . 2. Room was old and dirty. Smelled like smoke too, even though I specifically asked for non-smoking room.. . 3. I pressed the "Green" button and spoke to room service to not clean my room. In return I'm supposed to get a voucher for some in-hotel purchases. They never sent the voucher. I called them and they said they had no record. Yeah right! And then, they still didn't give me the voucher! Have to call them again.... . 4. They charge internet access at $13.99 PER device per day??! What a joke! Cmon, what a ripoff!. . 5. Bath tub is DIRTY. . . 6. Room service, front desk. They all have poor attitude when talking to customers. . . 7. There are leak marks in the ceiling.. . 8. Hardly any power outlets anywhere in the room. Hard to do any work when power is far away.. . In summary, this is the absolute WORST place I've ever stayed at in Vegas. It feels run down, and I'm never coming to LVH again!
This crappy hotel refused to refund tickets to a show they sponsored, the Rockin Poppin New Year's Eve show of Phixation.  This "band" lip synced all their music and didn't even fake play their own instruments. The VP of Even Managment said, "tough luck" when we left the show and requested refunds. Don't stay here.
Non-smoking rooms don't really exist, older facilities and staff...meh. Never again.
DO NOT STAY HERE. The day we got here the room had a condom and paper plates. They changed our room and their was a pubic hair on the toilet seat. Also the morning we were leaving we found a bed bug in the room. The staff is not helpful, and extremely rude. You would think for a hotel in Vegas they would have some standards but they clearly do not. The valet also drove my car with the parking break on, which affected my car.. And on top of it, we asked housekeeping NOT to come in our room over 3 times, and they still came in our room. . They refuse to help you. They do not think its even appropriate to refund your money. But judging on how the hotel is kept, they probably need it. Bed bugs are no joke, so please save yourself the headache and do not stay there.
Terrible!. I don't know how can get some good reviews. Because they're really not good. We had a terrible family trip to stay there. Their A/C are mostly not working, no useful things in the room. And they even charge you extra for the water after you left!. Don't go there it will ruin your day...
This is my 4th stay here in the past 2 years. Now that it is no longer a Hilton it is a disaster. I will never stay here again. Smoke filled and dirty.
So my boyfriend was giving me a hard time for being a bratty princess with the need to stay at a fancy place. Ok, fine, I'll show you. I booked this hotel as a Christmas "gift" to him just to show I can stay in such "cheap" place. . . And boy was this cheap, as in, cheap in every way. The room was mediocre at best. The floors had stains of god knows what and the bathroom arrangement was retarded. Only the shower and toilet was on tiled floor, the sink is outside in the carpeted area. It  was... stupid. The walls were ridiculously thin and you can hear EVERYTHING. My friend told us about his bad experience with LVH with the maids throwing away all of his stuff had me paranoid so we stuffed our belongings in drawers and closets as well as took pictures of them to make sure we have proof. Luckily nothing happened but I do not want to go through that ordeal of feeling unsafe. . . My boyfriend said we're never staying here again. HA! Proved you wrong hunny and even you were appalled. . . DON'T STAY HERE!
This place has been going downhill for awhile and once the Star Trek Experience closed and the Star Trek Convention moved they lost their main tourist draws.  This place is off the strip and is getting rough around the edges.  I did win $300 on roulette here.
We go to Vegas at least once or twice a year and have stayed at many places. This honestly was one of my worst experiences.. . They have zero cocktail service for starters.  They don't accept comps for drinks either. They reduced the slot game space to put in a night club.  The shower pressure was way to eco friendly (lacking pressure). The upgraded room had paper thin walls so I got to listen to some gentleman's strip club booty call story.  . . We complained to the pit boss about the cocktail service. She apologized and said we were not the first to complain.  The next day we talked to Sal the assistant manager who was upset that the pit boss told us to complain to him.  The end result was a complaint form that we could fill out.  This is no longer a Hilton property and is owned by Goldman Sachs which explains everything.   The only plus was the Big Bowl party which was actually well done.
They gave my friends and I the three worst rooms in Vegas.  One room had trash all over it. We waited over an hour for them to clean it!  . . The next morning, the kindest, sweetest person in the world got on the phone and complained like hell.  She got us moved into very good rooms.  If they had just given us the nice rooms to begin with, I would be writing a two star review.  . . But just knowing they would give someone the rooms we originally got is enough to get this hotel a one star review.  . . Overall the hotel was in poor condition, and I would never reccomend this hotel to anyone, except this one guy down the street I hate.
We have a group of 10-12 guys who stay here every year for the first week of March Madness.  Primarily this is their preferred hotel because of the sports book.  That is really the only reason to stay at this location in my opinion.  The rooms are decent and well maintained particularly for the price per night.  One positive is of all of the monorail stops this is by far the most convenient in proximity to the hotel lobby compared to other hotels on the monorail line.  This last visit will be the last for me personally for several reasons.  The casino is certainly one of the smaller and is 95% slot machines, no longer has a poker room and the restaurant choices feel more like a budget hotel in Orlando than a Las Vegas resort.  . . The biggest problem we had was security.  We had a laptop stolen from our room the last night we were there.  The more troubling aspect was that we had another friend in a completely different floor of the hotel have their Ipad stolen as well.  Management essentially said there was nothing they could do and offered a free breakfast buffet as consolation.  There was no offer to attempt to offer the smallest of effort to resolve the issue such as reviewing key card access to the room for example.  . . One night I left my key in the room and requested a replacement key at the front desk.  The room was registered in my friend's name but I was listed on the room.  I spoke to the front desk and they agreed to have security meet me at the room since they would not issue a new key since I wasn't the registered guest in the room.  I went to the room approximately 4 minutes after they said security would meet me.  The security guard flippantly told me he was about to leave because I was taking too long.  He could not have been waiting more than a minute which I found to be a bit rude considering I wasn't a drunk blathering idiot who had done something absurd.. . It had been 7 years since my last visit and on my last trip I had inadvertently walked between 2 craps tables through the pit (this time I was a drunk blathering idiot).  Security followed me around for the next 45 minutes after this minor oops moment which I found a bit overboard considering I wasn't exactly casing the joint.  I find it ironic that they deemed a simple walking mistake to be a bigger concern than their staff actively stealing items from the guest rooms.. . One night I realized upon hitting the lobby that I had left my phone in the cab.  Within 3 minutes of realizing this I asked the front desk if they monitored the cab line with security in hopes that I might have them review the tapes so I could at least get the number of the cab I was in to hopefully know who to call for finding my phone.  Knowing full well that every drop of the property is covered by cameras I was annoyed when he dismissed my request by suggesting they don't monitor that area of the property.  Thankfully the cab driver had my phone and brought it to me in his own personal vehicle after his shift.  It would have been nice if the staff had been as concerned about our happiness as a random cab driver was.. . The sports book staff was really the only positive experience I had during this and previous visits and unfortunately is not enough reason to return to this hotel.
Dump.  I bought my room through Groupon. Some "deal", as their website pitched the same rate.  . . Room was nasty.  Stained rugs that we joked looked lie a CSI Crime scene... Bathroom was so outdated. Tub/shower was so small.. At 5'10" - I had to duck to het under the shower.. . I think the idea of LVH is a nice hotel /cheap.  But you are not getting that.. Your getting a cheap hotel / cheap.
Don't even think to stay in this dirty hotel ... Even if they give you a room for free. I would stay in a motel rather than stay in this hotel. I don't know why they called hotel ? The meaning of hotel word is way far than what I saw in this hotel.
This place is awful! The management is unfriendly, no coffee maker in the room, no ice machine on out level, the clock is broken. Absolute worst. . . . Would NEVER stay here.  The management is rude when we c about issues and low us off. Don't stay here
I haven't been to this place in ten years, but I recently stayed here for a convention.  This place has really fallen from grace.  The service is horrible, the rooms are outdated and not very clean.  The water pressure in my shower was low and the tub was backed up - gross.  Next time I have to go to a convention at the LVH, I'll stay elsewhere and take a cab to the convention.
Dirty,dirty,air conditioner still out of order,restaurants bad service.
Wildly disappointed by our stay, we had to tell ourselves again and again that at least we only paid 30 dollars per person/night via Groupon. We were kept waiting 3 hours to be given access to our room, during which time we tried to go enjoy the pool. The pool area was covered in garbage and old towels that no one cleaned up for close to an hour. The elevators were not working for stretches of time, leading to lines of 50 people waiting for the few working ones. We asked for an extra glass and mini-shampoo in our room and someone rudely dropped off a shopping bag full of odd items, after they called us back to ask what we had requested again. The toilet clogged and it took them over an hour to come and fix it. It took 30 minutes to get a taxi Saturday at dinner time, causing us to be late. It took over 30 minutes to get the car from valet when we checked out. We were constantly left shocked and disappointed that not a single staff member was helpful or seemed concerned whether we were enjoying our stay in any sense. I work in a top rated hotel in Los Angeles and if I had committed a single one of these errors in judgment or service I would be fired, but somehow this is how an entire hotel operates. Nothing on this Earth would ever make us go back to the LVH.
Not the worst dive, but pretty bad. Wifi is $14. a day. I had no hot water for 3 nights in a row. They refused to refund those nights. Terrible service. I requested a work order for the shower at 6:45pm, and the guy showed up at 11:35pm.. . The whole place is just tired. Not a dump, but not sparkling. Dirty floors and windows. . . On the plus side, the rooms are fine. Especially if you don't need hot water. My friend's sink fell off the wall in another room. . . We attended a conference there, and those rooms were fine, but I asked aroundand NO ONE was happy with the hotel.. . There are so many choices in Vegas. Choose another place!
WHEN IT WAS HILTON YEARS AGO IT WAS MUCH MUCH BETTER...ITS UP FOR SALE...SAVE YOUR MONEY - this was the recommend hotel for our convention...YIKES!. . Well save your money...As I was at the desk there were two people in front of me were changing rooms due to issues with their rooms. I brought this to the GM and also  wrote a letter. No one contacted me back. OK then..just so you don't experience the same.....heres my review....maintenance  and housekeeping issues are present all over the hotel.  Some of the employees seem to be rude to guests Ir$$e in the club floor Sh@#la at the front Desk both should be working at a post office. The hotel seems to be a fragment of the Hilton. Dead on M-T-W so if I was spending modest I would get a better value elsewhere. The hotel overall is VERY dirty, public areas such as elevators haven't been clean in years. I had to change rooms myself because the tub  was black and mildewed in the bathroom, drain stopped up.  The only good thing is the beds they are comfortable...but make sure you have your Resort Key when entering the club room...despite signing in.... I was interrogated by the gal this morning. She made it clear not to move till she validates the list.  Moving on to reservations department - had to change a folio name on our company block ...had to remind agent three times spelling of the name of Jason  ....finally I asked her to write the name down..needless to say ad to get a manager to complete transaction. I would stay away until another chain buys it and changes out the entitled employees. Not all employees, there are some really nice ones but some of the upper services you experience entitlement. Like take it or leave it ...I have worked here for years...you on the other hand guest are only here for a short while...so don't mess with me....No hospitality message here I will in the future if we are at a convention book the Spring Hill suites across the street. (Marriott) if you need to be in the convention.. I almost forgot a few more items They did not deliver laundry it went to the wrong room. At $15 per shirt you would think you would not have to chase down your laundry-- arrived 9 pm. oh yeah union rates at convention ridiculous - to unload two boxes from a truck it was $700.00 - they would not let us unload our own we are a heavy truck equipment dealer?? SAVE YOUR COMPANIES MONEY - Good service and a clean hotel would negate rates but if you are going to have unclean room and poor service - there are plenty of other choices out there.. . UPDATE - HOTEL IS IN RECEIVERSHIP / 50% OF THE STAFF ARE THERE and are not happy about the cuts - they are trying to sell  so you may not get the best service ...SAVE YOUR money............................ . Federal Express sends you a package you will pay $5-50 just because they received it there. . BREAKFAST for FOUR $65.00 and it was basic eggs etc... . we have checked out ..... . Update-  received an email letter - EMAIL - while I am in the hotel ....from Guest Service manager assuring me they will speak with the employees.. blah blah blah.
Put simply, the only reason to stay there is that you are attending a conference at the convention center. Limited food options, small casino with no poker room, no good looking people and very average room (although very big). I am sure they have cheap rates but still not worth it if you are coming to vegas.
During my stay all of my jewelry was stolen.  When I reported it to security, they didn't investigate or seemed concerned.  They just told me nothing was turned in.  Well, if someone from housekeeping stole my jewelry, why would they turn them in?  These pieces were all Mother's Day gifts from my children and grand children.  Shame on LVH for doing nothing!
A friend of mine was able to get me a comped room here due to his standing at their casino.  (More on this in a bit). . About the place.  The rooms were decently nice.  Good floor plan  clean.  Lobby was nice as was the casino.. . First off, the place is at the end of the monorail.  That's not such a bad thing but be prepared to spend an extra $30 bucks for a 3 day pass.  Even then you do so much walking to get to the stations.  Because it's so far away once you are back at your hotel you don't want to leave again.  Plan on 20 minutes to get from LVH to the MGM grand.. . The first night I knew it was going to be rough.  The walls are paper thin.  The hallways echo VERY VERY loud.  If anyone is talking, much less with a drunken yell be prepared to be woken up.  I could literally here my neighbors conversations, their bathroom habits and cell phone conversations.  It was RIDICULOUS.  I have never stayed in a hotel like this.  I did not get any sleep for the 3 nights I was there.. . I wouldn't normally write a review but I got a nice surprise on my credit card bill after I left.  Even though the room was in my friends name and was "comped" I had ordered room service and didn't want him to pay for it.  Upon checkout I swapped the CC used for incidentals.  Turned out I ended up PAYING FOR THE ROOM! My friend called the Mgr and was told I didn't gamble enough to stay there free.  WTH.  It was free at checkin and after I leave it's not.  VERY poor business management in my opinion.  Had I known I was going to pay for a hotel I would have chosen one much closer to the strip and action.. . I would not recommend this place to anyone.  Poor management and horrible experience overall.
This is the worst Vegas hotel I've ever stayed at! The room smelled like mildew, the bathroom was filthy, and there were cobwebs in the corner of the room! The toilet had brown stains and the beds were two full sized ones with lumpy mattresses. On top of that, the staff was incredibly rude and had a lot of attitude, particularly the accounting/billing department! I will never be staying here again! Avoid at all costs!
The ONLY reason to stay in this hotel is for the convenience of it being attached to the convention center. . Reasons for the 1 star:. 1) They nickle and dime you for EVERYTHING. Where most hotels have free coffee and safe service in the room, the LVH charges $3/day for use of the safe, and $4 single cup of kurig instant crap coffee, $4 for a bottle of water.. 2) In-room internet: $15 a day per device. Really? To connect my ipad and phone both to wi-fi and my partner to do the same would have cost us $60/day!. 3) The hotel itself has NO free internet zones. To get free wi-fi you need to walk all the way to the convention center that is happy to offer this service. 4) Most of the restaurants close between 8-9pm. Lame. This is Vegas and you are a casino. There are also no 24 hour eating spots, after 1pm you are SOL.. 5) Beds: Very poor.I had 2 beds in my room and both where tilted to the centre of the room. Uncomfortable.. 6) The "air conditioning" in the room was horrible, either it was spewing out ice box temperature fridgid air or the heat was on. No happy medium.. 7) TV: most of the channels are grainy, and those are limited to a dozen. Didn't even try for the pay movies due to the poor quality TV set.. 8) The Pool: tiny and with little shade. . Good points:. 1) They have a green service that if you remember to call the night before and request your room not be cleaned they give you a $8 coupon to use for food.. 2) Amazingly enough they don't charge for the ice machine, with charging for everything else I almost epected it to be coin operated.
The worst rooms in Vegas for sure! Don't stay here, not worth even the discounted price.
Horrible. Terrible. Awful.. . Mostly how rude the staff is.... Literally every person we came into contact with (besides Keith at check in) was overly rude and snippy. Oh I'm sorry, you work in the service industry!! . . The room was "ok" but dirrrrrrrty. Hair all over the bathroom, very dusty. . . Oh and the maid came barging in.... Knocked briefly and then just opened right up before I could get to the door..... The service is just so subpar. Bartender at the pool messed up my drink several times and was scatterbrained... Waitress at the pool barely spoke English, pool had no one in it yet was murky and gross. Uck.. . I'd never ever stay there again, ever.
I've stayed in this hotel numerous times, including when it was known as the Las Vegas Hilton.  It has always been a good deal.  I made a booking for a week's stay through Hotwire starting July 1st.  This represented a great deal at $32.00 a night.  It was good until I checked in and was slapped with a $20.00 a night resort fee.  The savings making the booking through Hotwire evaporated just like that.  Also one star for Hotwire.
JUST SAY NO!  Where do I start?  Had to stay here for a conference June 29-July 3rd.  Although I was impressed with the size of my room, here's the scoop:. . 1. LVH charges you for EVERYTHING!. -$20.00/per day Resort Fee (definitely NOT worth it!). -$13.99/ per day to use Wifi  (Really?!?!). -$1.00/ per local call made from the hotel room phone. -$4.00 charge for using in-room coffee & maker. -$4.00 charge for using in-room bottled water. -$3.00 charge at the concierge if you would like to print out your boarding pass. *However, you DO get an $8-$10 credit per day for each day you call the front desk to forego housekeeping services as a reward for "Going Green".. . I fear the future may involve charging their guests for each toilet flush as well....laugh now, but wait for it! o_O. . 2.  Hotel is DIRTY, dingy and dated (think cheap 80's brass & glass decor and orange/yellow 70's furniture).  Walls in hotel room stained, hair from previous occupant left in the bathroom and tub, pool and lounge area disorganized and sketchy looking.  Wallpaper peeling off walls in the Conference Center, mismatched and dated furniture, HIDEOUS carpet, yellow & dingy sparkly things (from the smoke) hanging over the casino, dusty and dirty throughout.  Everything including the "non-smoking" rooms smelled like OLD STALE smoke.  . . 3. In room T.V. is a joke -they charge for everything and what few "free channels" they offer are pathetic! . . 4.  RUDE staff everywhere -not just staff who work at the hotel, but I had the misfortune of witnessing staff bickering and fighting with each other IN FRONT of customers at both the Paradise Cafe (waitress upset with hostess for not seating diners in her section and came up demanding, "Can I get a party?  You seatin' people, an' I been off break for 15 minutes and I ain't got no party yet.  Can I get a party?!"  Then waitress complains to other waitress about hostess, and hostess gossips to other hostess about that waitress); cranky staff at Blyss boutique (cashier chewed out her coworker in front of me for 5-full minutes because her coworker was late to work and the cashier was going to miss her bus...)  . . 5. Restaurants:  . *****TJ's Steakhouse -Delicious!  Pricy, but worth it.  Definitely the only "good meal" I had while staying here! :). ***Benihana's -Overpriced and the food was bland and surprisingly boring.  . *Paradise Cafe -OMG, this was the only place open most of the time, so one of my only options to eat.  Definitely NOT good!  Greasy breakfast, over dressed Thai Chicken salad, and major egos and attitudes between all of the waitstaff.  They also automatically charge 18% gratuity to all orders "To Go", so make sure you keep that in mind before you start to add an extra tip on the tip line.  If you aren't paying attention, you could end up overtipping them (and the service is definitely not worth it!). . Overall, I pretty much hated the entire experience and would not ever come here again for a conference!
This is the worst hotel ever. I would not even give it 1 star. I stayed at the LVH because it's next to the convention center. I stayed at this hotel 2 years ago when it was a Hilton, it was fine then. If you like showering in a swamp then this is for you.The water in the tub and sink do not drain. Fun to watch all the cool things in the water that are not yours. If you call and report it. NO one cares. Spend the $$$$$$$ and pick another hotel.
1.Gave away our rooms cause "we came too late" (like what the heck?! It was before 8!) We paid for the rooms , why the hell would u give it away?. . 2. Promised room change 4 different times and each time some issue  comes up(always ended with cancellation of promised room changes). The 3rd time I even spoke to a manager who assured me we got the rooms and than the night(she said we can be back no later than 9pm, it was 6) when we go back to get ready for the room changed it was cancelled!! Are you that dumb that u don't no the difference between a hold and a cancellation?! So finally on the last night of our trip we were able to get the rooms that we were suppose to get on the first night and one of the rooms had a AC malfunction so we had to switch Into another room. It takes 4 people, 2 days and 3 room changes to get the rooms we originally wanted. If they didn't give away our rooms the first place none of this would have happened. Ruined our whole trip having to wait for the stupid room changes that w ere promised but not fulfilled until the final night.. . 3. Some of the Staff that I spoke with had attitude problems as if we were the ones that caused the issue(I was friendly towards them ). They were in such a hurry to hang up( I think this is why I had 3 cancellations on the room changes that were promised/only one had good attitude).. . 4. The buffet they ended up comping us (on our 3rd cancellation of the room change) had horrible food, all the meat and steak were bone hard and the cocktail server gave me an attitude because I asked him something regarding the drink. . . . . Edit: *I also wanted to add that the rooms that we were forced into on our first night had broken TVs in both rooms and a weird stain in one of the couches. . * the maid barges into your room no matter if u have a donotdisturb sign or not.. * maid knocks on your door at early in the morning on a Sunday to ask if we need our rooms cleaned.( " like what the hell?!  I'm trying to sleep here and checkouts not until 12).. . Overall the whole experience was horrible , they are no different than places like motel 6. they actually make motel 6 look good; motel six gives you the room you paid for and won't barge into ur rooms.
Worst Hotel stay ever. Front office staff is beyond rude. Seems like they hired a bunch of Vegas rejects here whose job is to mock hotel guests and give them wrong info. They act as if they are doing us a favor by talking to us. . . The hotel stinks of Pizza, no restrictions on smoking in the guest room corridors..They even don't bother changing sheets and the staff just barges into your room.. The place gave me the creeps. I wish I could go back in time and cancel my booking with them.. . If you see "Catherine" working at the Front Desk- WALK AWAY. She is the rudest hotel employee. Frankly a big B&#*@*!
This place is a run-down, neglected DUMP. Staff was not friendly at all, and my room smells like raw sewage, but I don't want to wait another HOUR in the check-in line.
Hands down the worst hotel I have ever stayed at in Las Vegas. So bad, I had to switch to another hotel. Here is why:. . -I got some kind of bug bites from the bed. . - No hot water in the shower. - Walls are so thin I heard every sexual detail from my neighbors next door, including the spanking.. - My coworker had a used bar of soap in her bathroom when she arrived. - Her bed looked slightly used. . We picked this hotel because it was walking distance to the Las Vegas Convention center, but trust me - it isn't worth saving the time or money.. . Booked a room a Aria and it was a million times better.
Let me preface this negative review by saying while on vacation, I'm there for the scene and the sites, NOT the hotel ... therefore, I'm totally NOT a "hotel snob". But, I feel I must do my duty to protect other budget vacationers from having my same experience at this hotel. My family and I stayed for one night at the LVH in July 2013 and I have to say it is the ABSOLUTE WORST!!!. . The negatives:. . (1) stained carpet. (2) vertical green florescent line on the tv. (3) stinky bathroom. (4) bathroom floor was WET when we first entered our room. (5) dirty tile grout in the shower . (6) loose shower tiles on the brink of falling. (7) and here's the worst of it ... in the shower, the hot water would only work if it was coming out the bottom faucet. If you turned on the shower head, the water immediately turned cold. What the hell is that all about???. . The positives:. . (1) Really cheap ... $29 plus an $18 resort fee. . (2) When I called to complain about our room conditions, the hotel rep comp'd us the night's stay. So, we only had to pay the resort fee.. (3) Very nice hotel workers. (Maybe they know that the hotel sucks and are totally nice to make up for the garbage hotel they work in.). . Most of the time I get pretty great things on the cheap. But, this truly was the EPITOME of "you get what you pay for". . . L.V.H. - Never again!!!
Good valet service.  Front desk service is horrific...especially a person named Del who argues and hangs up the phone on guests.  Bell service is terrible, they lost my bag.  It is unbelievable to me how a bag can be lost from the car to the room.  However, the Raiding the Rock Vault Show is awesome, the LVH is lucky to have it.  Having stayed there two times now, the rooms are very gross, and I had the nicest suite you could have.  The carpet is so disgusting....they brought it over from a hotel across the street.  I was told from an employee who has been there for 30 years.  They are owned right now by Goldman Sachs, and are hoping that someone buys them.  The furniture is old and disgusting.  I wonder how this hotel stays alive with all the new, shiny hotels that are available to stay at.  And the employees are not even nice.  If they were, it might make up for the poor hotel conditions.
HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!!! ., they charge a resort fee you when you check in and when you checkout.. Room service was horrible. Blood stains on the sheets, floor and bathroom!! They never cleaned our rooms!!! Mangers were not professional!!!
I got a deal through Groupon, so I thought, "why not?". Going during the height of convention season, it was close to the Convention Center and the price was right. When I went to check in, I was immediately asked if I wanted an upgrade to a newer room for an additional $20 a night. No thanks. But I would like a room with 1 king bed as requested, not 2 beds as they offered. No problem! When I checked into my room, there were 2 beds... not a big deal - at least I had another bed option. One was so lumpy, I can only imagine that it had one of those egg crate foam mattress toppers - you know, to sop up all those bodily fluids. I opted for the one that had a huge lump in the middle, making it an uphill battle to stay in bed all night. Now, I've seen those news shows that go into a hotel room with a black light and it illuminates all the nasties... so I never go barefoot in a hotel room. Ever. Good thing, because walking across the stained carpet, my shoes stuck to the surface in some areas. Ewww!!! The light bulb was burned out in the only lamp in the room. The bathmat, while most likely clean, had a huge black stain on it, which in my opinion, warrants a replacement. The bathroom,  overall, felt a tad dirty. Grout needs replacing, the fixtures in the shower were loose, the shower curtain had seen better days. And what was that yellow stain behind the door? Hopefully I'll never know... If they were giving away rooms, I'd never stay here again. The only plus was that the customer service woman refunded my "resort" fee (I used quotes, because really, can we call this place a resort?) The internet never worked in my room and that's really theonly thing the fee was good for for me. Funny enough, there was a man checking out with the same complaints (down to the burned out lightbulb and filth). So I wasn't the only one. Back to the MGM for me!
First time in vegas and this room was shit. Stained carpet and the water in the shower wouldn't go down the drain. I HAD TO PULL ALL THE HAIR OUT WITH A PEN!!! YUCK!! No smoking room still had the smoker smell. Yes you truly get what u pay for here!
One plus to this place was if you deny housekeeping you get a $15 credit to your room. It can't be the day you're checking in/out and you do have to call and let them know.. . Did not likethis hotel at all. They charge for EVERYTHING. You would think coffee of all things, but no. There's a Keurig and next to that are 2 cups wrapped in plastic with the kcup inside I assume, $3.50. Water on the dresser was $4 I believe, seems free at first but read the note fully to not be fooled! . . I had the upgraded room with a fridge and pillow top mattresses in the north tower. I'm not sure if it's renovated since this used to be a Hilton, but I'm not impressed. Paint looks terrible in the restroom, scuff marks on the walls, there's a knob missing on one of the drawers. What really got me was the water pressure in the shower though, just sorry.. . With the required resort fee you have to pay you're able to connect one device to the wifi. I had my wii with me and was ready to watch some Netflix. It didn't work so I called tech support & didn't get anywhere. I wouldn't be surprised if there's some kind of limit on how much capacity your device can have so you can connect to the wifi. . . Wanted to go for a swim on a Saturday evening, pool closes at 8pm!! Plus this hotel isn't as close as i thought it was to the strip. It's a complete bore here! Where's the attraction like the hotels on the strip? Any who, customer service was great, but I've had better experiences at a Marriott and won't be back!
Worst hotel staff ever. Very rude and wouldn't explain anything. I can't believe they can be hired for working with people. Tiffany the girl at the check in counter was awful, and Craig Maulk the manager was worse. They called me a liar and asked to look at my bank account without ever saying what the problem was or explaining. Rude rude rude.. The toilet didn't flush  and the water pressure was so low that it took 30 minutes to shower. The tile grout looks as if it had never been cleaned and tomake that worse it's white tile! I woke up with hair on me and since it was blonde it was definitely not mine. Pool was so small and freezing. The elevators didn't work. .  Awful hotel save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else.
LVH hotel not deserving any stare at all but I can say please don't go there before  you see my tip in yelp that hotel have no customer service at all and no manner this is my worse experience  I ever have in hotel in Vegas  that one stare is not by-choosing it just to post I have to pic star it's not write but thx any way
The good:. Close to the Monorail. Close to the Convention Center. . The bad:. Elevator wait times during peak times. Room service-stayed 5 nights, got room service 3 of them, finally one day had to call twice to ask for some towels.. Getting nickeled and dimed- $4 for a bottle of water (warning you get charged if you put them in the refrigerator whether you use them or not)$4 for coffee in the room, up charge to get a refrigerator, $13/ a day per device for internet.. Embarrassing room service menu.. I could go on and on........ . Will not stay there again
Don't go.  Don't go especially if you are part of a convention.  It was gross all around.  The rooms were surprisingly nice, well the renovated ones.  I would go elsewhere.
I stayed here 16 years ago when it was a resort. Not sure what to call it now. Lets review the stay:. Checked into room. Before entering, there was an empty glass right by our door. Every time we entered and exited, we always saw the same glass. We left hotel two days later, and still... same glass in hall.. The room REEKED of smoke. I called the front desk to change rooms. I was told rudely that the hotel was full because of a body builder convention. But they would call me the next day so they could change my room. They never called. I called them instead. They gave me the same excuse.. When we went to bed, we went to deadbolt the door. The swinging lock on the door was previously shattered in two. Unusable. Then my wife touched it and the device broke off the door and into her hand. I looked at the metal, and it had a clean cut, which means someone in the hotel, I hope, had to cut into the room with lock cutters.. The toilet didn't stop running.  The shower constantly had a flow.. There were empty bottles under the bed. . The 24 hour coffee shop was replaced by previously prepared sandwich and coffee house. I had the last sandwich they had, 1am, and it was horribly over priced. No fries, no chips. Just sandwich in plastic container. . During day and night, this sold out hotel's casino was DEAD EMPTY. . Could not get an internet signal on the 5th floor. Yet they still charged me a resort fee.. Every one leaves the comment that you get what you pay for. I got much less.
Stayed at this hotel September 2013. We stayed in the central tower. . The room was terrible. First room that they gave us was dirty, the toilet was broken and the bathroom smelled like urine.. They did change out room with no problem, but again this room had stains all over the carpet and the room smelled horribly like smoke. It was supposed to be a non-smoking room. The water pressure in the shower was almost obsolete. . The positives were that it was in walking distance to the convention center and the price.
Upon my arrival there were only a few people standing for check-in but there is no front desk staff available. I could understand the wait if there was people standing around. Then, I was dragged into a room by a staff and instead of expediting the check-in, it resulted to being much worst. The  VOLARIS cabin crew are being checked-in at that time and the clerk too them a while.. The clerk that was to help me to pass to another clerk check in another group and she said "OH I CANNOT MOVED BECAUSE I AM BUSY".  She said this in front of the customer/guest. She cannot move her chair because of her size (no offense meant). She ended up moving to the front to walk around the table to go to her table to check me in while another customer was neglected ahead of me. So I decided to let him go first and for me to wait again.. I worked in the airline industry and deal with hotels for my crew and these crew check-in process needs to be updated. Way too long to check-in 5 crew members.. . Went to my room, checked the room itself, asked to be transferred to another room. I checked the room itself and bed, found some hairs on the mattress. Toiletries that's was in the room is half empty. Is this a leftover of the former occupant of this room?. . My bathroom lights were out, so I called the front desk and was put on hold for a while ending up hanging up and calling back again. Roughly I was in the hotel at 3Pm and it took like 3 phones calls for the bathroom lights to be fixed. One maintenance guy came at at 8pm to fix the light but I cannot let him in at that time so I asked him for another time.. . Then I asked for extra towels, it never happened. I ended up the next morning looking for housekeeping cleaning up the room to ask for extra towels. I asked for an extra towel regularly for my stay not for just one day but it never did happen.. Every time I go the LAS VEGAS I use the SPA. I visited and check the spa and nothing comparable to the others. Expensive and the value is not worth using it. . . The worst part of my stay is EARLY MORNING 9AM. I went down to Fortuna to buy coffee. It was pretty busy but not that busy. I ordered coffee and a pastry. I was paying and this rude cashier wearing eyeglasses told me PER SE word by word in a very rude manner "YOU HAVE TO TELL ME WHAT YOU ORDERED  BECAUSE I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU ORDERED". If I woke up in a wrong side of the bed this morning, this will be a long discussion. This cashier clerk/barista has a look that looks like she is just working and not happy at all with what she is doing, arrogant and rude. As, I walk the lobby every day and see her I had to do something about it. That was my first and last time I bought something from that store.. . My room was non-smoking but I smell cigarette burning in the room. I don't know if it was a guest smoking or the ventilation of the room itself. I called the front desk, so the nth time, I was put on hold again, ending up calling again and again. They offered to be transferred but I decline because I was going to check-out the next day. Front desk promised to spray the room with something, but I guess when I came back, it never did happen.. . Upon my check-out I decided to do something about the Fortuna Shop and express my frustrations.. . If you have any other choices that this hotel..move on
I wouldn't even give The LVH 1 star but yelp makes you give at least 1. This hotel is no longer part of the Hilton family & it is very apparent. The whole place has gone downhill. I've stayed here many times (while the Hilton) & I was very disappointed this time. The rooms were in disrepair, no coffee makers, toilet paper & tissues that you could see thru. I had 4 light bulbs out & they never did come to fix them.  3 of the restaurants are closed now too. And the room rates are still some of the highest in Vegas. It's a shame but for the next convention I'll stay elsewhere.
Nice hotel, bad management the bathtub faucet was running all night, annoying, I would wake up sometimes in the middle of night and had trouble sleeping again because of the trickle noise that just carried over the bathroom doors. I called them every day atleast twice and it was never fixed till I checked out.i was more concerned about the water going waste that the nuisance. Talk about waste of water. irony is they have go green option which involves skipping one room service. I doubt they have any "green" intentions letting go water run all night.. I wanted to give 4 stars but for being mean to mother natures and letting all that water go to waste after numerous complaints, you get 1 star.
Seriously the worst experience in Vegas! I've been to vegas a ton and I've never had to make the decision to leave a resort. It smells like sewer, customer service is non-existent, bathrooms not restocked, broken refrigerator, terrible food and that's just the start. Elvis must be turning in his grave to know what is happening to his beloved Las Vegas Hilton. Checked out a day early, they didn't care and went to the palms. Don't bother with the Lvh.
Got a groupon deal here for a really cheap room for the weekend. Room was whatever, kind of big, got a free bottle of wine so that was cool.. . . Not cool part? . . they charged me for outgoing long distance phone calls to a phone number that nobody in my HUGE GROUP OF 2 even has in our phones, and they said someone called out from our room around 1 am. REALLY??? #1, both of us have cell phones, why the F would we use your stupid landline. #2, 100% sure I was at XS during that time dancing what's left of my youth away. . . DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! SHADY SHADY SHADY
The hotel became the LVH because Hilton dropped them as they couldn't maintain the Hilton quality standards.  Say no more. Walls are paper then and you hear Everything in the rooms near you. The showers are great if you're 5' tall with sensitive skin as there is no water pressure. Staffing is there because it's their job and they couldn't get hired elsewhere.  Shameful waste as w the the history of the property and proximity to the convention center, it would be a great place to stay if they only cared about their guests.
If I could give this place negative stars, I WOULD.. . No1 I did not want to stay here, for whatever reason it was. I read the many negative reviews & I was getting more & more disappointed that I had to stay here. . . Anyways, I read that the North towers were all renovated, so get a room there. When my dad, mom, & I arrived, that's the 1st thing I asked. To get an "upgrade", it's $20/day. $20 to stay in a room that's pretty normal to general hotel rooms. But, everything is renovated..carpets, beds, bath, a fridge, etc. . . I won't lie, the bed was actually very comfy. The pillows were extra soft. Bathroom, decent size. Shower head was VERY low. I'm 5'9, & I had to bend down when I washed my hair. Imagine my 6'3 dad? Pressure is also pretty low. Towels aren't the softest. . . Wifi=Free with $18/day resort fee. So in other words, not really free. Plus, it actually stopped working half way through my stay. Sun-Sat. Whack! . . Monday morning I decided to go to their gym that they have. A couple of ellipticals, treadmills, 1 workout machine, ab machine, medicine balls, etc. Not bad. This hotel provides a "going green" option, & if you decide to do that, you get $8 to use at the hotel for any drink or food. I used it for 2 water bottles at the gym for my mom & I. The guy said no problem, & I went on with my workout. Midway, he said that it doesn't work, which it should've. I asked my mom to ask the front desk why it didn't work (she was headed that way.) When she went to talk with the front desk, she was helped out by an older guy. She said that it doesn't work, & we're wondering why. His response? "Idk, go back to the gym & ask." Mom: WHAT? You're telling me to go back there, when he doesn't know & when I ask you, you don't know? My mom was getting a little irritated & walked away, & the guy replied with, "WHATEVER." Mom: EXCUSE ME?? WHAT DID YOU JUST SAY?? Him: Room number? Mom: NO, don't say whatever to me..forget it..you're no help." I called front desk myself later on that day, & the friendly lady on the phone apologized for it happening, & I wasn't charged for it. It was that simple. . . THIS PART. My sister came in on Monday evening. The night before, I went to the front desk to let them know that my sister has a room from tomorrow, and I would like for them to upgrade her to the North tower. My sister called the hotel, & they without checking told her that they were all booked & that she couldn't get it. When I asked, the girl said not a problem that she will be on the 7th floor non-smoking. Great! Now, back to Mon evening, Tiffany was helping us. Absolute WORST customer service possible. My sister gave her her info, & she said, "Ok, so you're set on the 18th floor with JAMES." UH WHO THE FUCK IS JAMES?! Why the 18th floor? I immediately corrected her & said, "She's supposed to be in the North tower." In the most sarcastic and smart ass voice, Tiffany says, "That's what I said.." Do not start with me homie. I said, "We don't have a James connected to her room, & the girl yesterday said the 7th floor, non-smoking." Tiffany-That's not what it says here. Me-Idc what it says, I'm telling YOU what your co-worker told ME." Tiffany-Well it says James.. Me-THERE IS NO JAMES. Her: Well, you're on the 18th floor.. Me:She's not supposed to be.. Her:EXCUSE ME, I NEED TO SPEAK WITH THE REGISTERER. Go the fuck ahead, & yet she still got her info incorrect, & smartly said she was going to get the supervisor. THANK THE LAWD. He wasn't any better. He never apologized for the inconvenience, he was being slightly rude towards us as well. He said, James isn't connected to your room, but it probably got mixed up because of Expedia. That would make sense if we used Expedia, which we didn't. You guys are so unorganized! They also said that they don't pre-assign rooms. If you don't do that, I don't understand why the other girl at the front desk told me that info. It just doesn't make sense. Rude ass Tiffany came back, & never said a word to us. Didn't look at us, & just handed us the room key. I really TRULY hope she gets fired. She does not deserve to work somewhere that deals with customer service. . . Not going to lie, there are SO many awesome, great, friendly employees here. I feel bad that they have to work at such a dump like this. . . Every night you get some pizza solicitors sliding their menu under your door. I had a pile.. . You see them hookers walking up & down the hall. SLOWEST elevators possible. . They also have one elevator at the end of the hall, which is called the "scenic elevator". I literally laughed because the windows are so dirty, and there's really nothing scenic about it. -_-. . Yes, the convenience of the convention center is GREAT, but that's about it. Restaurant options are bleck..
What a shithole. It's done. Time to blow it up and build something new. Staff is ignorant and obnoxious as well. Don't ever stay here.
WORST hotel ever. Seriously. I only stayed here because the mega, mega IBS tradeshow was next door at the convention center. I won't make the same mistake next year. I do have to say that the front desk was amazing, helpful and friendly. But overall the hotel was a wreck. My sink was stopped up and they could never get it right. The towels looked dirty and dingy. It was just a complete disaster. Next year I would rather stay farther away from the convention center and have a high quality hotel. They should just implode this place and start over!
We hatched a plan to stop by the LVH via the monorail. Using our free passes we could get from the strip to the LVH, and a taxi to fremont, saving a few bucks.. . Arriving - we decided to stop by the main bar for a drink. Things. Did not go well.  I asked the bar tender what he had on tap, he shrugged and mumbled and walked off.  On returning he listed three beers but warned he wasn't sure any of them would work. . . Ever game for a challenge or test of wits, I asked if the bar tender wouldn't mind trying the taps and you know, seeing if beer would flow.  He duly obliged and began pulling away.  The whole apparatus barely managed to remain adhered to the bar top, wobbling and shaking. . . As he had originally theorized at the start of our detente, only foam was on draft.  Mind you, he gamely persevered for some time before returning with confirmation of the bad news. For a moment I did half expect he would serve up a cold glass of froth.  One star there for sure.  Instead he offered me a bottled beer as an alternative, I was happy to accept this peace treaty - and thankfully the bottle did indeed contain beer.. . This whole process took close to ten minutes, with not a single drop of happiness, enthusiasm or welcoming spirit.  I could feel every last ounce of vacationary joy pouring from my soul.  Maybe the bar tender's unique interpersonal abilities had been the ultimate demise of the beer taps, slowly eroding them into exhaustion.  My partners cocktail was made with a similar level of Vegas excitement and panache. We drank up and left quickly.. . The place was deserted.  It was definitely in need of some general maintenance around the edges.  I even kinda felt unsafe in parts.. . We returned later on in the evening for the reverse of our  route to catch the monorail back to the strip.  The staff were very insistent that the monorail was closed for the evening - even going as far as producing charts and documentation to  back up their claims.  We took their guidance under advisement and duly boarded the monorail (still open) and left the LVH, hoping to never return.
First & last time I'll be staying here. Came for an event at the convention center & this was their hotel of choice. Two biggest complaints I had was the heat never worked in my room & I called about it but nobody ever arrived. Second, woke up in at 4a to hear a dripping noise. Water was coming up out of the sink & spilling over onto the bathroom floor & on my stuff I had sitting on the counter. Housekeeping came up but it took them calling their engineers a few time before someone arrived to fix it. Needless to say not a fun experience at all. You can tell this hotel has some age on it & needs to be redone. Other items of note - fridge had smelly food left in it from previous occupant, no free coffee in room, trash by the elevator never emptied & it reeked. I'm sure there's more but my tired brain is done.
The hotel room was disgusting.  The light was covered in dust, so thick that it made it appear that it snowed on the light.  Made a reservation for non smoking room, had no more left and the bathtub was covered in rust
Will never stay at LVH again! The rooms were ok. We obviously had a room that was recently updated. The room is not real modern but was clean and we didn't mind the condition at all. . . The rest of the hotel, casino and food is terrible. Every resteraunt had staff that was either rude or simply acted as if we are an inconvenience to them. It is obvious the managers are not setting standards for their workers to live up to. This seemed to be the theme for all of LVH. Dealers did not to acknowledge players, cocktail waitresses are virtually non-existent, and the amount of prostitutes swarming the casino is insane. We waited for an hour and a half for the cocktail waitress to come around at the tables. Service during dinners at the burger bistro and paradise cafe is slow. . . I will happily pay much more for a room for a better environment and service. In fact we will because I won't be back. . . This place is a joke. If they want to bring people back they need to better their standards. It is obvious there is a huge lack of moral throughout this place. That may be due to poor management or terribly low pay, or a combination of both. Doesn't matter because until they acknowledge these issues LVH will eventually fail.
I had previously stayed at this hotel when it was the Las Vegas Hilton... at that time they were going through a renovation and apparently also changing the name... This was like 3-5 years ago.. Sadly, since then nothing has changed.. . The one thing I remember that I did not like were the long long lines and wait times for the elevator.  There are two problems, there are not enough elevators and also they are not dedicated to lets say for example 1-20 floor and then another set of elevators for 30-40 floors.. . When checking in, I opted to upgrade the room for $20... and was amazed that they called it 'an upgraded room'.  According to travelocity, this is a 4 star hotel... this room was more like a 2 star, so I can just imagine what the regular room looked like.. . The room itself, the tub spout was coming off of the wall, it was leaking water and the tub didn't have a light... The ac/heater thermostat was not digital... and the door key/knob stopped reading cards... I was hard pressed to find any renovations to this room.
