The wait was NOT worth the wait.. . Honestly, I don't know what was the hold up with the line.  As I was waiting with my group, I looked up on Yelp and when I saw people saying they were waiting in line for over an hour, I judged the length of my line and thought maybe 20 minutes tops.  Boy, was I wrong.  They were seating a party about every 3 minutes.  I'll give them the benefit and say that it was probably due to their limited seating, and hope that it is not simply the staff's inefficiency. . . The offerings at the buffet itself were not very 'French' as per the assumed theme this buffet was projecting.  Most of the spoon handles had been in use for too long (and looked like they were given to a teething infant for a few hours and felt just as sticky as you can imagine).   The food that those instruments dished up was bland, and not very appealing.. . I will say our server kept on top of our drinks (non-alcoholic), but missed the plates.  The whole staff just seemed over-loaded by the crowds and like they had never experienced such an amount of patrons in their restaurant at a time.  Really confused as to what this was all about since our server mentioned to us that this happens all the time.  Well, then prepare for it a little more!. . As stated previously, totally not worth your wait in line.  While you're waiting there, look over the reviews of the Bellagio buffet, and if you can cough up a few dollars more, ditch this line and head across the street.  You'll be glad you did, trust me.
I don't remember Le Village Buffet being THIS bad!  I honestly believe their quality went down over the years because I seriously don't remember not wanting to return after eating here.. . If it weren't for the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass, I'd be seriously angry.  We waited over an hour to eat lunch and when we got in, the food was anything BUT French.  I've been to Paris and they've done a nice little job decorating the place but the food was terrible.  I can usually tell how good a buffet is by my desire to return to get seconds.  Well, after my first run through, I wasn't excited whatsoever.  I ended up stuffing myself on crab legs that weren't cracked and on shrimp that were partially peeled.. . I recall Paris having awesome desserts.  When I got there, I saw flan and was excited to get that for dessert but they stopped serving it!  OMG, how can they stop serving flan?!  Not to mention, they didn't even have creme brulee like they did in the past.  Half the dessert weren't even French and the lady working at the dessert station threatened me because I took too many fruits, saying I can't take them out because they have security at the door.  That statement is laughable in so many ways.  First of all, I took the fruit because there were nothing to eat and way to be presumptuous!  And security to check to make sure we weren't smuggling fruits out of the buffet? LOL!!  I'm sure they'd really pay someone money to stand at the exit to pat people down before they left.  C'mon!. . Oh and the crepes station?  OVERRATED!  It's nothing like the real thing, trust me.
I just came back from the buffet with a terrible stomach ache, something I ate was bad, I think were the crab legs. As previous comments I have always considered this restaurant one of the best. I started to doubt the quality when I was charged $24.99 for dinner, which I thought it was cheap and the comments from my party were, hopefully quality remains the same, WRONG quality is going downhill,
I'm not a big fan of buffets.  This has to do with not being able to eat my money's worth and a severe sense of guilt for wasting food.  . . 24 hour buffet pass to the rescue!!!  I'm a Total Rewards member of the Harrah's properties so I got to use my pass at ALL their buffets.  More on this later.. . The only thing I liked about this one?  The bottomless flute of champagne and their white chocolate chip cookies.  Other than that, nothing really jumped out at me screaming "OMG, I'M DELICIOUS!!". . Long story short, unless you like waiting in line for a long time for blah food, don't come here.  If you're planning on drinking your money's worth in the form of champagne and have dessert, then this might be worth your while.
this wuz 1 of my favorite buffets in vegas... never again!!! my boyfriend and i got there around 7pm.  the wait in line wuz 2 hours long!!! ridiculous!!! everybody and their mothers wuz here.  the food wuzn't all that it used 2 b... since it wuz 9pm, they close @ 10pm, most of the dessers were gone!!! that's the main reason i go there.  maybe the sunday brunch is still good... who knows, and who cares now!!!
I really question all the positive reviews here. Are we talking about the same place? We came here for lunch a few days ago, and it was awful. You're way better off spending a few more bucks to go to the Bellagio buffet.. . There is something very depressing about the lighting of this faux village. It is like perma dusk, but ugly. The limited food options do not make up for the environment. Among the offenses:. . - This place promotes its crepe bar, but it shouldn't. Le Village Buffet managed to do the impossible: It ruined Nutella. They slather on way too much Nutella for their crepes. There are no fresh fruit options available. My friend took a banana from another part of the buffet, cut it up and asked them to put the banana in a Nutella crepe. They didn't understand this and instead put banana inside and Nutella outside.. . - The only real seafood option was tiny shrimp that looked like it came from a freezer bag. You also had to shell the shrimp yourself.. . - Things like broccoli and tortellini were dry and undercooked. Even the pears -- something that requires no cooking, just putting out for people to take -- were so unripe they were inedible.
Looks like this place has been going down the drain recently!!!. . I came here based on recommendations from friends. Boy, was I disappointed.. . You can't deny the quantity of food. There was plenty.  Quality: now that's another issue.  Everything I ate was room temperature. Pasta. Room temperature. Meat. Room temperature. Soup. Room temperature.  There was no flavor in the food. Very disappointing.. . Now, even though the food was terrible, it was not the worst part! The service was horrid.  Never in my life I thought to be treated this way. It started innocently by asking for a bowl for my soup.  I rudely heard "ask your server". I don't want to ask my server. I am asking you.  Then, I went to get some not-prime rib. After slicing my piece, the not-attendant literally threw the meat into my plate. "Are you serious" I thought. . . But, we were just getting started.  We have been in the restaurant for about 30 minutes, coming and going, trying to find something decent to eat. Since my utensils got dirty, I asked the server for some new ones. Nothing. I asked again. Nothing. I asked another person. Nothing. One more time. Nothing. Finally, I got up to get my own silverware. Than I hear "I need to see your receipt". I thought he was talking to someone else. Nope, he was directing his question to me. I explained I have been here for a while and "don't you remember my handsome face". "No" he replied. Anyway, I ignored him, got my fork and went back to suffer from the food on my plate.. . Please, don't make the mistake my friends and I made.  DO NOT COME HERE. Don't even think about coming here.  Unless of course, you want to laugh at terrible food and bad service.
I used to like this place.  USED TO.  I really did...  But the last time I went here I was extremely disappointed.  For thirty-something dollars per person, I could've gotten a better meal elsewhere.  I used to like this place because they had some pretty high-quality and tasty dishes but during this last visit, everything seemed to have gone downhill.  Maybe it's due to the economy but you can definitely tell that quality has been sacrificed.  The meat you get from the carving table was dry and tough.  Presentation of dishes were a mess since food was strewn all over the place and nobody seemed to care about cleaning the little messes.  Oh and the crab.... Such horror...  I didn't even dare to touch it because they were gray in color and looked like they've been refrozen multiple times.  Such a shame because this used to be one of my favorite buffets.
Horrible service and lousy food. I went 3 times (breakfast, lunch, and dinner) thinking that it would get better, but each time got worse. Name tags on the food were not changed from brunch to dinner, so I had no idea what half the food was. Long lines just to get in and rude hostesses. Food was not being refilled fast enough to meet demand. Never again!
This is one of my favorite buffets in Vegas, but why did I only give this place 1 star?!? Because of the AWFUL experience I had in March 2011. I took my girlfriends here to eat on a Saturday afternoon, excited to fill my stomach with some French delicious-ness. We got through the line and we waited at the front to be seated. I felt that we were standing there for an eternity before we got seated at an awkwardly placed table that faced the line. Basically, everyone in line could stare at us as we ate. We felt uncomfortable and asked this waiter named DANRICK (tall, dark Philipino male) if we could move to a more secluded table under the faux trees. DANRICK gives us a look and tells us that the area we requested was reserved for VIPs (which was understandable). He then goes on to say that we can go back to the end of the line to request to be seated in the VIP section. I said, "No, that's not necessary," but he continues his tirade by picking up our receipt and pretends to take it to the front so we would have to go back in line. I repeated that we were fine where we were and eventually he went away. I have never been so UPSET at the service I received. I even complained to our waitress, who acknowledged that he was like that and she apologized for his behavior. DANRICK'S behavior was inexcusable and intolerable. He ruined our day and he needs to be fired.
This place was almost a total waste. Every piece of meat we had was tough and chewy, the tri-tip had to be spat out, the steamed sole was like fish jerky, even the grilled chicken breast was hard and dry. The macaroni and cheese was like way over cooked shells in kindergarten paste.. . The only redeeming items were the sauerkraut and sausage, braised red cabbage and the cassoulet. . . To top it off service sucked. I got the all you can drink beer and wine, I placed my order went to load up my plate finished it and was getting ready to go for my second plate before my thimble of wine showed up.
DONT EAT AT THIS BUFFET! It is the worst buffet known to man. The meat was chewy and tough, the pasta tasted like it was expired, and there was too much oil in everything. Along with the little selection and the 17% for parties over 8, I never been to such a bad dinner buffet. Definitely would not recommend and never coming back. The food was probably poisoned too because 7/8 people in our party had diarrhea. Terrible. Absolutely terrible.
Bought the Buffet of Buffets 24 hour pass to any of the Harrah casino buffets. Yes, I'd do it again. Would avoid Paris, though. Went twice to Paris (late lunch and breakfast), as we wanted to try the crepes that EVERYONE bragged about. The line to get in both times was long (even middle of the week in August); they're not quick to sit people even though there were alot of empty tables. The crepes were undercooked both times. The woman cooking them in the morning had no idea what she was doing. I've had great crepes and these were just awful. Besides being just bad, there also was no savory options for the crepe fillings. It was all dessert or nothing. I had high hopes for the other dessert offerings and all were blah. The creme brulee was runny. The other pastries were either bland, soft (when should be flaky), or overly sugary. The breakfast items were the same in texture and flavor. Maybe they're cooking for the average American palate? Whatever it was, it really did not impress at all.
Le Blah!  A friend from work told me this was the best buffet she had been to in Las Vegas, but I guess things have changed since she was here 3 years ago.. . The wait was interminable...like an hour, and it didn't even appear to be crowded.  The food was cold and tasteless.  I couldn't even pull the chicken off the bone because it was too tough.  The pastas were crusty and bland.  The biggest disappointment was the desserts.  Wouldn't you think a French inspired buffet would have the best desserts?  The cakes tasted like store bought birthday cakes.  Everything was dry and bland. I've eaten better food at a school cafeteria.  Do not waste your money at this buffet.  The Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan) and Aria buffets are much better.
In the ranks of the worst buffets i have ever went to. Save your $ and go to Bellagio.. . First, the wait was long as hell. Ok, i understand, allot of places are packed now, their must be something good in here right? Wrong!. . No crab legs. Strike 1.. Oysters literally spoiled, i had to spit it out. Strike 2. Meat from the cutting board, dry. Strike 3. . . I really don't think i actually enjoyed anything here besides dessert. . . Wait staff was slow to clear dishes from my table.. . Look, i am really trying to pick something nice out about this place so i can give it a 2 but i cant. Maybe the scenery is cool, the surroundings. I was impressed by the Paris itself, the casino is nice. I was happy till i got on the line, then nothing from thereon in was good. . . I wont go back, a 2/5 deserves a second try, not this place.
Very rude manager. It is shame for such a nice place to have a manager who does not have any idea about customer service.
Terrible! Came here for dinner $30.99 per person. Surprisingly, there was a decent line up.. . The decor is actually very lovely. A european village or I would think not having been to europe. But its the food.. the food is really poor quality.. . I did find some neat stuff but I was not able to find anything good in the entire buffet. Some neat stuff I found were some king crab legs, macaroons, and some poorly done creme brulet.
Below average quality. Even fruit was not fresh. Pancake was hard to swallow, the made-to-order omelettes had a strange smell and the berries were not fresh. I used $10OFF coupon ($10 per person afterwards) and still felt I should not have gone there. Just go to bellagio for the same kind of food at same price ($20 each for breakfast).
This was my second visit to the buffet and today was a huge disappointment!!!. . The line was so much shorter than my first visit.. only 20 min. on Wed afternoon early dinner instead of two hours!. . We were seated promptly and we picked up our HOLIDAY dinner priced at $35.99.. . When I glanced at the food lines, most dishes were out!!! Out of food at a buffet??? I should have known that there was a poor management. When we returned to our table to eat.. all of us picked up grilled asparagus. I have NEVER seen a grilled asparagus that bad.. it was almost like chewing a bamboo stick.. impossible to chew asaragus??? something was not right!. . I called the manager to let him know. He agreed that it looked bad, but did nothing about it. Again... poor management!. . The rest of the food was okay... not even wanting to go back for second rounds at a buffet. That's how bad it was.. . I will not waste my money going to a place like thus to eat ever again.. . Bottom line.. bad food will loose costumers!!!!!
Worst service ever...the servers are rude to you when you ask for refills clearing plates off you're table.
A disappointment! I read a lot of good reviews about this buffet and how much it was different than the other places with a "france regional theme".. . I have tried the "Buffet of Buffets" and kept this one for dinner as the reviews where so good. The food is represented has cuisine for the regions of france but it is not very representative is is cliche, not very well executed and everything seems to be very salty. Not returning.
Sixty Seven Dollars?! For TWO buffets?!" Unfortunately that was what my buddy and I said on our way in...and on our way out of this disappointment of Vegas buffets. The wait was easily 30min so when we were given the hefty total before being seated we had some hope that our pallets would be much happier than our wallets. Alas...we were left wanting. La Village Buffet had a pretty ample selection of items from the standard crab legs and prime rib...to some "regional" offerings such as lamb and cheese plates. But even the items I wouldn't say were "bad" were lacking. Items that should have carried the buffet just dropped dead. The crab legs tasted and felt like they had been there all day (the meat did not come out in chucks, yet fell apart)...and the prime rib was almost painful to eat...tasting as though someone needed to leave for break while it was cooking so they just put it out a bit early.. Save you money peoples. For less mulla you can head over to Mirage and have food that is ten times as good...or spend a little more of that black jack loot and head over to the Belagio.
I too do not understand what all the hype is about. We went for a weekday breakfast and I would not go back. . The line moved quickly. The interior is totally kitschy and what you would expect. . We tried:. Banana and Nutella Crepe: Crepe was doughy and not authentic (surprise-surprise), banana filling was cold.. Bagel with Lox: No cream cheese or sliced tomatoes available, bagel was hard, salmon was good with just goat cheese, capers, tomatoes (from salad bar) and red onion alone. . Mushroom Omelet. More scrambled than omelet and overcooked. Eggs Benedict: Took one look and walked away... gloppy looking mess.. Fresh fruit was great. Coffee was good. Orange juice was great (how can you screw up oj?). Sausage was flavorful and juicy... but again cold! . . I guess if we're paying for breakfast we expect it to be better than I can make at home. We mostly took a few bites of our selection and left it alone. I wish we would have skipped the buffet and just picked up oatmeal at Starbucks... it was that bad. . . The waitress was good and very busy. She forgot to bring us coffee cups but that was easily fixed.
Very huge disapointment . After many years I decided to give LE VILLAGE BUFFETanother chance because I didn't like it the first time I am a local I eat out alot and I always have guests from out of town but I will never take my guests to Paris . Food sucks, very dirty ,and rude employees.I wanted to drink hot tea the tea pot was so dirty that I didn't touch it and you want to hear something funny I was asked if I want tea cup also what was the waitress thinkinging I was going to drink the hot tea in the palm of my hand? So I am very disapointed and Ihave to say shame on the managment for keeping such a awful place.And a huge F-for you.
Disgusting and over priced, at least for breakfast.  The line is long, the food is bland, and options are limited.  You are much better off going to IHop
I went in for dinner last night. Spending $31 per person and receiving bad service was a waste of money. Our waitress ignored us for the majority of our meal. Keep in mind, this is a buffet where everything is mostly self served. All the wait staff has to do ,is take our drink order and clear the plates. The entire crew were too busy socializing rather than doing their jobs. For anyone working in any service industry, please realize that most of your money comes from tips. Tips from tourist that chose to eat at your establishment. When the service is bad, it's unfortunate for people who are on vacation and want to have a good time. Needless to say, I will never return to this.
If it was up to me, I would give this place a 1/2 star (that's being generous). Gordon Ramsey should have this place in his show and have a field day with it! Sanitation problems (would you like some roaches in your omellets?), dark and dingy dining area and food was substandard for the price that you pay. The staff even cleared out our table half way through brunch and left us with no table. Watch out Mr. Ramsey, some creepy crawlers from next door might find their way to your kitchen.. Just turn around and go straight to the Bellagio, guaranteed you'll have a great buffet experience in Vegas.
Ugh.  The cost is high, the line is long, the crepes were underdone and borderline disgusting.  It is dark and dreary inside, the wait staff have too many tables to attend to well at a time and everything appeared to either come out of a bag or be microwaved, with the exception of the crepes - which are prepared in front of you with ingredients that were pre-cooked long ago.  Pass on this one, go to the Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan.
Just spent the week at Paris la's Vegas. We had dinner at their buffet everything. I tried was luke warm and over cooked and very very very bland.  I would skip this one for sure!
Big disappointment.  Was seated in a broken down area of the buffet section by hostess.  Ceiling was peeling.  Quality of food was not as expected.  Very poor. Not worth it.  No bang for your buck.
I was sadly disappointed with this buffet. The line wait was over 20 minutes, and the cost per person was over $30. Typically this would be worth it EXCEPT, everything I'd gotten on my plate was either cold or lukewarm. And the eggs benedict was like something I'd expected to get at a place comparable to a Ryan's buffet chain. All of the labels were mixed up as well, so I couldn't tell what some of the food even was. The pastries were hard too, like they were brought out from the day before. I went there on an empty stomach and was starving, and even then the food was just disgusting. I expected much more from the Paris, and I won't ever be going back to their buffet.
Hmmmm, not sure why this place is on some of the Vegas Best Buffets list as it was dreadfull.  We went for dinner and the line was pretty long about a 45 minute wait, so the food must be good right?  Well there were a few tasty items but overall the food wasnt very fresh or tasty.  Being in a hurry and exhausted after shopping we came back for lunch. OMG shocking the same food from dinner was there rotting away, the only thing I was brave enough to eat was caesar salad. The place was not clean and the food oh so stale!
Horrible food, they think French food is just about how much butter in it, such shame! all the food taste nothing but butter, even the "American stuffing" for Thanks Giving meals. Line for breakfast is over an hour, stupidly only put 1 cashier who responsible for collecting money or scan people buffet passes, then seat them as well, 1 single person doing this job for a line of about 100 or more people. It's worse than the line at disneyland on Thanks Giving. Seriously the worst of the worst food in Vegas is here, not even worth 2 dollars meal. everything is blah and soggy, shrimps weren't even peeled. Never again even for FREE!!!
WOW - this is definitely one of the WORST places to go to eat in Las Vegas. I used to hear about how great this buffet was and I just never got the chance to try it. Well, I finally did and wish I didn't!.  In fact, I wish I could put no stars because that's what this restaurant deserves!. . I am definitely a foodie and when I get to enjoy good food, I am a happy person. This last trip to Vegas, I got to enjoy many great buffets - Wicked Spoon (lunch and dinner), Bachannal Buffet and the Buffet @ the Wynn.. . Le Village's standard is worse than Hometown Buffet. Everything is laden with salt. Don't bother trying the seafood dishes either. Everything tasted frozen and old.  Even the breads were cold and stale. How can you mess that up?. And as for presentation - it reminded me of the horrible buffet from the movie, "Vegas Vacation". Everything looked brown, saucy and yellow.. . And to top of our visit, wewere sat in the section with the worst waiter. An older gentlemen who said "oh my god" as he came to our table. When I asked him for an ice tea, after he forgot the first time, he scolded me and cut me off with "okay, don't worry, i got it". And then never bringing me my ice tea - EVER. He disappeared after that. He didn't even take away our dirty plates. I had to take my plates and my guests plates over to the bus boy station, myself.. . TO SUM IT UP -- DON'T GO HERE! Everything from service to food deserves a big giant F!!!
ew don't even bother. I always see a long line here too.. only came here because we stayed at ballys and didn't want to migrate far for food.. . worst buffett ever.
Wow so terrible! What happened to to place!!?!?!?! Went for the dinner and everything was so bland or too salty! Also every meat in there was overcooked and dry!. . all the variety seems like they were just repeating but just a little different flavors was added. nothing special here. dont waste your time. go to the spice market in planet hollywood since its next to Paris thats if you are around there and dont want to go any further down.
Les Miserables! After waiting in line for about 30 minutes, we opted to pay an extra $15 each to skip to the front of the line. When we got inside, the place was practically empty- their way of wringing some extra money out of people for cheap, dry, warmed over food that tastes like it's been sitting around for weeks. Le scam!
Paid $29.99 for weekend brunch! Food was Mediocre. Crepe was bad. Selection was weak, not worth the $$.  Never coming back. Good thing we didn't have to wait in line.  Should have requested for a refund!
Not only have I experienced better, but this buffet is a complete RIP OFF! Le Village Buffet should be filed under the RIP OFF Report and reported to the BBB for fraud! They call this French food? Where's the smell of butter, where are the homemade pastries, what's up with the peasant uniforms and why are they serving pita bread, but not one French fry is in sight. In short, this buffet lacks authenticity and bang for your buck. For the price head to Red Rock, Caesars or even the Cosmo.. . The line was about 100 suckers long at 9 p.m and they close at 10. When we finally got a table the food lacked freshness and the entire buffet seemed like it was closing. Tables were open all over the place, btw. For $33.50 a person I'd expect for them to at least turn up the damn lights; everything seemed covered in a haze and I wasn't even drunk. Only buffet I walked the length of and came up empty. . . It was mostly shellfish, but the carving station offered turkey breast and dry roast beef. The sides of Brie Mac and Cheese and Cavatapi Pasta were delicious, but who goes to a buffet for that? They had single servings of Beef Bourguignon (pot roast), which were good, but again where was the good stuff? The salad bar had a overly dressed Caesar salad that tasted as if they forgot to wash the lettuce.. . Lastly, the buffet lacked variety, they had sushi, but not one PIZZA? They offered cold apple pie, but no petit fours! Cheap yogurt out of a machine, but no freshly made ice cream? Bread rolls, but no croissants.  Turkey gravy, but no hollandaise! I didn't leave hungry, because I'm a trooper, but I definitely will never go back or recommend to any of my friends.. . For a country famed for their food and a company that just spent millions re-doing Caesars buffet I thought I a great dinner was in order. Wrong!
Absolutely dreadful... cold, overpriced food... terrible service... the desert bar was lacking... They nailed the pita bread and mashed potatoes but I have little else positive to say about the place.
I've officially sworn off buffets; I was leaning in that direction to begin with, but our experience at Le Village Buffet sealed the deal.. . The buffets in Vegas have been heading in the same direction over the past five years - more expensive, while less quality. I've seen this happen at Rio, Wynn and now Paris. I lived in Vegas for three years and worked as a supervisor in one of the largest casinos there; as a frequent visitor to buffets, I can say this isn't simply speculation; it's what's gone down.. . Le Buffet when it opened, was one of the finest in Vegas; a fantastic assortment of food stations, incredible service and desserts to die for. When we returned to this buffet in January, I was so disappointed, I felt sick all night that we'd payed about $70 for two of us to eat here.. . The buffet caters primarily toward seafood now, which is great if you're a seafood lover; I am not. There were very few options that were appealing for non-seafood fans. There is a generous mountain of shrimp to mine from and there are crab legs; I do like shellfish. However, whenever the crab legs are put out, unless you're camping there, you're going to get completely raped by the pushy folks that get there before you and blast through the pile, diligently picking it clean of the good legs, leaving the spoils to everyone else. It was frustrating and annoying as hell.. . The food selections I did have were okay - but definitely not worth $30 or so per person. The dessert station was a disaster; names of desserts did NOT match what was out. Obviously, the staff here doesn't care. It was a "try your luck" situation and patrons were left to guess what treat they were actually getting.. . At one station, I couldn't separate two bowls, and I passed them toward a staff member on the other side of the counter, telling her they were stuck. She looked at me like I was an idiot and slammed the bowls on the granite counter, which made them separate. She gave me one, and started putting the other BACK INTO THE CLEAN BOWLS PILE, after I'd explained to her that I gave them to her because my hands were all over them. A woman standing next to me spoke right up and asked the staffer what she was thinking; that I'd JUST told her I was touching the bowls! The staff member frowned at the other customer and removed the bowl from the stack. Totally disgusting; makes you wonder what else ends up in the clean plates stacks there.. . Table clearing was slow and finding someone to refill our soda was a joke. Total contrast to when this buffet was new and it seemed that there were several bussers for each table that were on you like vultures the minute you cleaned your plate or put an empty glass on the table. Not the case anymore, sadly, and that added to my frustration.. . Standing in line for another station, the final straw broke this camel's back - a woman stood in front of me eating food off of her plate and SUCKING her fingers. Then, you guessed it, she went right on using that hand to use tongs and spoons getting more food from the buffet.. . And really, that's the core problem with ANY buffet. People are disgusting. They are piggish and pushy and dirty. You can somewhat control the level of a dining experience, but you can never completely control the other customers. Case in point, The Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan - considered to be the best buffet in Vegas now by many. We ate there and the experience was okay - except for the two tables close to us with loud, drunk douchebag guests being SO loud that it disrupted everyone's experience.. . So the next time you consider shelling out the better part of $100 on a Vegas buffet, remember what you're paying for - crowds of strangers pawing at the same spoons and tongs, breathing and coughing over the same food stations and a wait staff that is there making just over minimum wage that honestly won't give a rat's ass if you ever return or not. It's Vegas, and the people will come pretty much no matter what.. . For the foreseeable future, I am DONE with buffets.
How does one go about getting their money back for 2 buffets here?  Yikes!
Waste of time. Not so much choice for food, poor quality of food, and the service is awful. Bellagio cost just as much,and is 10 times better. This place used to be decent, but is totally junk now. Avoid all buffets that part of buffet of buffets, 24 hr all you can eat. If you want to try buffet, either Wynn or Bellagio. The rest are horrible and not worth timenor money
I won't visit here ever again.. . The server tried to sit us in a room which was dark and somewhat humid. It reminded me a room where the servatns and maids are eating in ancient time. When I asked to sit some other place, I could see the displeasure of the lady who led us to there. After waiting more than 10 minutes, we were guided to a table right next to a pillar. Obviously not very pleasant place to sit. They shouldn't have any table placed in such location.. . Foods there are generally good looking and has a good variety, but I am not sure how long they've been there. Many seafood dishes are over-cooked because they have been in the warmers too long (I know what I am trying to say). The waiter was not very friendly, nor very attentive. One time we had 4 empty dishes along with 3 dishes we are working on. Everytime I needed something, I had to look around and find the waiter for few minutes.. . The only nice thing about this buffet is the ambience is French street. If oyu have to feel that without spending time and money to travel France, this is the place to be. Otherwise, I recommend you not to visit this place.
Not all that good. We went with a Groupon that cost $45 for the 2 of us that had the extra option of all you can drink Mixed drinks, wine, beer and soft drinks. ($11.99 per person) The Buffet costs $36 to start you think they would include this. As it turned out they re-nigged on the mixed drinks. The prime rib was cold and dry and tasted like it was a reheat from the day before. I tried 3 different shell fish dishes and all were cold, they were supposed to be hot so was a little worried about temp control. The crepes were not good at all kind of doughy. The wine was not all that good I think cheap chuck is better. Best part was the Bread, but for the regular price of about $100 for 2 people it is high for bread.
A very bad buffet.  It's old and outdated. Everything is kept warm with heat lamps. The crab legs for dinner were probably made a few days ago... Just terrible. Le Village isn't worth a penny over $10.  Trust me, go somewhere else. Bacchanal at Caesars costs way more, but it's way better.
Lunch was such a disappointment :( im not sure if it was because we went to the M resort buffet the day before but this place literally suckedd. We came here for Friday lunch and first of all they charged us full price without even asking if we had players card. Then there was nothing to eat and the prime rib was just ok and for the other meat dishes the meat was so tough i had a hard time putting my knife through it. I was still hopeful for the ready made crepes but they failed to satisfy. The berry crepe was wayyy too sweet and the savory crepe was just so-so. Even the bread wasn't so good- I mean i've had better bread from my local supermarket. The one thing better than the M resort was the creme bru le but it wasn't amazing or anything :/ Overall the food was very disappointing and our waitress was nowhere to be seen for most of the time.
The worst buffet of all time!!!!! Need I say more?? .  . First off, we passed here a few times while staying at Bally's, each time we passed the line was RIDICULOUS!! So we kept walking...well one morning waking up hungover & starving we decided to head for the closest buffet in hopes that it wouldn't be too long of a wait, after all it was a Thursday morning!! We get there and it was the shortest we had seen, YES, SCORE! ...NOT!!! We get in line & payrather quickly but after you pay you wait....& wait..... & wait....& wait some more!!! They are smart, they make you pay before you realize how long you really have to wait!! So we finally get almost to the front, the hostess takes the party of 2 that's ahead of us to a table but NEVER RETURNS!!!!!! We stood there about 15 minutes in the front of the line!!  While we stood there wondering if she would ever return we saw a few waitresses pass by, a manager pass twice, another worker come answer the phone & argue with a customer on the phone...not one of those people said "is anyone helping you?" Or "sorry about the wait" or "someone will be right with you"! Really?! What kind of manager walks by with no care of how his guests are being taken care of! At one point I said to my husband lets just go seat ourselves, Who would notice??? NO ONE!!!! Finally a different hostess comes from behind us in the line to start her shift, the other hostess had left on break or something with no one covering her!!! There were about 20 empty tables, SOMEONE could've sat us!! ......anyways as you can tell I was furious with this "service" (especially after spending 22.99 a person) !!! . . Moving on to the food... I thought please Paris redeem yourself with this food!! Nope...terrible! It's like they are trying too hard to be fancy...the food Is roasted potatoes, garlic Brussels sprouts, mashed potatoes, Mac & cheese, sausages, pork & a few other random things. It was all gross! The best thing Is the ice cream, if you do decide that you just have to go here, get the ice cream.. . In addition I've been to plenty of buffets in Vegas this is by far THE WORST!!
If you're looking to quickly get in and get out buffet...this is not the place. We have waited almost 1 hour and 30 minutes (on a Monday!). Quite ridiculous. There is 40-50 people in line at a time with only 1-2 cashiers. Staff is not the friendliest and you have to find the manager if you want to make a complaint. They say, "you have to find a worker with a walkie talkie to grab the manager". All in all, even if we can on a groupon deal, we won't be back. Very disappointed in the line system. Not to mention the unapologetic management.
Wish i can give thus place zero star.  First off, service does not exist.  There was thus fat old mexican lady histess and she was rude as fuck.  That alone ruin our appetite.  As for food,  it taste slightly better than hometown buffet.  I expect more from french cooking.
Still undecided in how I'll review this. So far the service is by far some of the worst I've ever received. Haven't even eaten yet.. . CRAP crap CRAP crap CRAP crap service!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!. There are no words in how displeased I am....
Line was long and they had very deceitful advertising on the price of buffet. Friendly cashier, she listened to us complaining and she kinda took it but then charged us full price. :)
Just ate lunch here and not impressed.I have been to a few buffets on the strip and this is one of the worst. Runny potatoes, cold sausage, and just a bad selection. Take a walk down to planet Hollywood instead you won't regret it.. . This review was from July 2013.
Get ready to wait for an hour just to sit down and eat, the service is horrible the buffet looks is half empty but for some reason it takes forever to be seated
We got there late at 9 am.  Such A LONG line, but there were tons of tables so I don't understand.  Waited thirty minutes and left.  It was 11/11/13 .  I'll use open table next time.
Went here for lunch and dinner. The meat wasn't good and a cockroach past right by me inside the restaurant...
Wow!  The Le Village Buffet at the Paris Hotel and Casino is really bad.  There was a huge selection of foods, but thequality and appearance just made the whole experience not worth it.  .      .      Duck L'orange=dry and overly sweet.      Standing rib roast=very dry no taste.      Sauteed mushrooms=only used cheap button mushrooms, no taste,      over cooked.      Sushi=why sushi?  Mushy rice, frozen fish.  Why sushi for a French themed buffet?.      Brussel sprouts=over boiled, mushy, no taste. . This is coming from someone who didn't have to wait in long lines, and who didn't pay the full price, as my smart, lovely wife purchased a groupon deal.  The deal also included a bottle of wine-more like grape juice.  There was no bright spot for the food.  The entire menu, and recipes need to be redone-soon!. . As previous reviewers noted, service was slow.  I will give credit though, our server was really trying hard.  She brought out drinks as fast as her feet would allow, and she was very pleasant, polite, and professional considering the circumstances she works under.  The gentleman who seems to be the front of the house manager needs to get his act together.  Instead of scolding and criticizing your staff maybe you should help clear tables, or service your customers.. . . Le Village Buffet in the Paris Hotel and Casino should be avoided until there is a total revamp of; management, menu, recipes, and service.
