HORRIBLE service!  Do not go here if you value customer service.  The manager  pr owner (not sure which one he was) was very confrontational after we decided to leave and even followed us out with a smart "have a great day"!   We just continued walking out and kept it classy.  DO NOT GO HERE!!!
Went here because the great reviews! I went with my three kids who r 6, 2 & 1... we waited for 45 min plus for our food to come out. The server was great but the owner suck ass. He cooks the phone orders first then to cook customer orders who r seating at his restaurant.  No sorry, no nothing. . He still rather do the togo orders first. So, we waited & waited food came out half cooked or messed up. Soup came out so salty had to return it. So upset my kids end up not eating for 45 min.
Burt say's   "Yelp failed me on this one!"   The reviews are good, the restaurant  is NOT.  . . First off this place is in an industrial complex.  You walk in and the furniture is outdoor lawn furniture.  The space is horrible.  It seems like they should be making nuts and bolts in this place,  not food.  Hey if you your gonna do a low rent cheapie food spot that's cool,  but the bill should reflect the savings, not the furniture.  . . Excellent warm greeting at the door.  Burt is hopeful at this point.  So Burt sits down, no butter.  They have "vegetable oil whipped spread", and when you open it looks more disgusting than it sounds.  Some yellow colored, coagulated mush that has decomposed and separated in a little puddle of water.. . RED FLAG - No Splenda offered.  To Burt this means they are cheap and wont carry the more costly Splenda.  Which in turn means they are also using whatever ingredients are the cheapest, not which taste the best.  . . The chicken fried steak was highly recommended on Yelp.  It literally made Burt gag.  Beside being cooked in some nasty flavored oil, it was smothered in chipped beef gravy.  Burt almost spit it out.  LITERALLY   . . The cinnamon french toast was also recommended.  That was good.  . . The staff was super friendly and extra nice.  Burt hates to slam a place on just one visit.  But some spots are just so bad you can never go back.  Maybe everything else is wonderful.  It's hard to believe all those great reviews can be wrong. Maybe Burt just caught them at a bad moment?  I hope so.  Take this review with a grain of salt and maybe try it for yourself?
My first review. I drove specifically to this place because I love local business and I love family business. Initially, everything looked great. Nice staff. No wait to be seated. I was by myself. I ordered two eggs and toast. That's it. After 25 minutes, I asked my server about my eggs. She mentioned that there was a big to go order. So basically, somebody sitting on their ass was more important than a customer sitting in the actual restaurant because his order is bigger. I asked to talk to the big buff owner who made me feel that I'm selfish for wanting 2 eggs in less than 25 minutes. He was also confrontational, rude and slightly threatening. So I got up and left. Wasted my time and showed me how much he values me as a customer. I guess he didn't really need my money. Hope the restaurant thrives on to go orders, buddy.
Truly terrible. Their ingredients are just piss poor. I was so hungry from hours on the road, and even the best spice couldn't help the sawdust they serve taste appetizing. Worst, most bland pancakes, and worst, most bland eggs I've ever tasted. . . A side avocado slice that had turned Brown and pinkish white tasteless tomatoes added insult to injury. . . Plastic chairs and tables round out a generally depressing atmosphere, with staff who are too cheerful to tell how bad the food is or how much they're screwing up. They got reprimanded by the owner for just about everything he could think of right behind me. . . Will specifically recommend to friends who visit Vegas to avoid.
They didn't allow me to sit there for three hours during the lunch to do my work because there are getting busy. Will never show up here again.
I'm really not happy. I was really hoping to try here and called to order delivery. I was told they won't deliver to me because I live at the Mandarin Oriental Residences at the City Center and it's 'too far'. I'm literally a few blocks away?! Ten minute drive to be exact. This is a first for me on being denied delivery from a restaurant. Too bad for them since I'm always very generous in tipping. So I guess they don't deliver to apartment buildings.
