Stay away, stay away unless all you care about is price. The rooms are disgusting. The water pressure in the shower nearly took my skin off and the hotel sucks. Seriously someone puked in the elevator and they just left it...gross! It's only redeeming quality is the new section that connects to the tram that takes you too the tram and the new resort Aria. . . Ugh...never again.
My least favorite casino on the strip. Enough said.
First, the cheap PURFUME is so STRONG and PUMPED throughout the place.. it overpowers everything and hits you like a ton of bricks when you walk in each time you enter.. . Second, the rooms are dated, run down and not very clean. (we were in three different 'suites' and all were rundown.). . Third, There was 3ftx3ft area of black chunky MOLD on inside of the sheets and we had to change rooms because they couldnt get housekeeping to come change the bed. waited and waited. Tired and ready for bed but did the move in order to get to sleep. (took pictures of mold). . Fourth, The new room had a man's whiskers all over the bathroom and covered the round magnatized mirror in the bathroom off the wall  ..which I touched before I realized. The new room also had quarter sized holes in the new sheets that looked like a rodent had gnawed. Moved again in the morning. (have pictures grosse!). . Last, moved to a room with a "view" but the windows were so dirty you could barely see out. (sounds crazy but really true). . I think the place will be out of business soon, but until it does, I wanted to warn others of these conditions.
Nope. Don't do it.  I would leave if I could and go to another hotel. . . Staff is rude, casino basic, and rooms are run-down - especially the bathroom.  I couldn't wait to shower then I couldn't wait to get out. . . Hate, sorry loathe, this hotel.  Never again.
I was there with 15 friends this weekend, and the customer service was horrendous. They didn't book our rooms together (as they had promised) and offered no apology. We were there at 9am but unable to check in until 5pm, and again, no apologies. Just bad attitude from the people working at the front desk and the managers. Every employee we spoke with was condescending and rude. . . Also, they charge a resort fee of $15 per night. For what? You still have to pay $10 to have access to the spa area. The pool was closed the whole weekend, and the staff there were rude and unapologetic as well.. . Sad that we gave them so much business and got terrible service and attitudes in return. I won't there again.
Would not recommend this hotel at all - top sheet which served as the outer blanket/layer on the beds had smalls stains which the staff insisted were "rust" stains (?? why they would let us discover them as soon as we set foot in the room is beyond me even if it was rust!) and 2 in our group of 4 came home with small, itchy bites on our arms, legs and back. NOT okay! . . The front desk and bell staff were very helpful and professional, but the manager with whom we spoke at checkout about our concerns was very rude and made no effort (other than comping our $20 resort fee) toreassure or convince us that we shouldn't think twice about spreading the word that this place should NOT be your hotel of choice in Vegas.. . I've stayed in inexpensive hotels in Vegas but have never walked away with bug bites or a feeling of disgust that the hotel staff could care less about the guest experience outside of the lobby and restaurants.. . Also...what kind of large hotel only offers an ethernet cable and no wifi? Laaaaammmme
yuck.  don't stay here. . . I reserved the room on expedia... once we checked into our room, the room was completely different than the pictures expedia showed... it showed a much more modern room... this room was a DUMP.  The shower looked like it was straight out of a motel 6. . . the other worst part was the breakfast buffet.... oh my, it was horrible horrible. I got yelled at by a kitchen worker for spilling the syrup! seriously?!
Dirty and run down.  Desk chair had bodily fluid stains, feminine stains.  Desk was broken.  Had to call housekeeping repeatedly to get clean linens and to clean room.. . We asked for the blood stained chair to be replaced.  They never replaced it, they just took it out of our room and left it in the hall.. . Iron was broken, had to ask for a new iron.. . Entire gaming network in casino was broken for over 12 hours.  This resulted in Mlife rewards not calculating, 2 or 3 attendants hand to hand payout all gamblers at slots and electronic games.. . It really was just a disaster of a place.  Won't stay there again.
This last visit was our second stay here and it will be our last. The front desk staff were really nice and the rooms were clean but with our 5yr old, the pool was the main attraction for us. She loves the lazy river and wave pool. But the pool service was horrible. There was so many restrictions on what we could not do and bring. We can't bring in a bottle of water...really??? And I guess we looked cheap because the servers NEVER came over to us to ask if we needed anything. And when we walked to the bar to get the drink ourselves the bartender added her tip to the bill even though we didn't sign for it. We found out when we saw our statement. This is the type of service you would expect at a lower end motel. We'll be staying at Mandolay Bay next year since I hear their pool is rated one of the top 10.
The fire at the Monte Carlo should have burnt the place to the ground!
It took about 30 min to check in. They wouldn't honor the complimentary internet access that was supposed to be complimentary. We had to pay the Internet access fee and to top it off. The room had double beds not a single which we asked for. . Manager was unhelpful. When something is complimentary does that mean free or free after you pay for it? Their argument is free after you pay for it and it's for your convenience. Lol..! Never again will I stay here. I should have stayed at the Venetian.
There were two redeeming factors to this hotel:. . 1. Location: It was not a bad location, especially with the tram that takes you from Monte Carlo to Aria and Bellagio.. . 2. The Bellhop: When we arrived to the hotel very early in the morning, this towering bellhop (forgot his name) took our bags right away so we could walk around. I'm not sure how standard this service is but I found it very nice.. . Other than the above facts, this hotel was not a good experience:. . 1. Dirty Sheets: Upon arrival, I noticed dried blood on my sheets. Not cool.. . 2. Room Service: I asked for a change of sheets because of the blood stain. A guy came up to our room with a bag of 5 linens, gave us the bag and told us to change the sheet ourselves. If this were my own home, then alright. But I'm paying for this service, so I found it a bit unacceptable.. . 3. BED BUGS: I kept waking up to bite marks all over me and actually saw a nice red bed bug run across my linens. I complained upon check-out and the hotel management said they would do a 'complete inspection' and call me back later. Of course, they found nothing.. . The one star is mainly based on my experience with the hotel rooms, rather than the casino, lounges and food court.I would have given the hotel two stars but I'm particularly picky about the bed bug issue.
I did not stay here but just visiting the casino and coffee shop, I firmly believe hotel management has decided to let this place simply waste away. The casino is dark and appears like they cut back on the cleaning crew. We went to the coffee shop and stood behind a party of four(we were 2). There was no hostess around and the patience level got to the point the party of 4 just grabbed some menus and seated themselves. We did the same. The service was terribly slow, although fortunately the food was served hot and wasn't too bad. I was surprised we had to go the cashier to pay rather than the waiter taking the bill but it was, after all, just the coffee shop. So we asked the cashier about the no-hostess and were told it was a "shift change." When my wife (perhaps inappropriately) sniped back that was kind of a lame excuse, the cashier said to us "then go eat somewhere else."   Maybe a "we're sorry for the inconvenience" would have diffused things a bit.   . Finally, the race and sports book is a mess in that they now require a minimum bet before allowing you to get a drink. I know some hotels are doing the same but the Monte Carlo has what I consider to be outrageous betting limits(Some guy sitting nearby told me he didn't get a drink voucher until he had bet $200 on the ponies). . I say let this place go away; there are nicer and better places to go where customer service is still part of the equation.
I don't know where to start with this place. I have stayed here before (many, many years ago) and didn't remember anything bad about this place, so I gave it another chance. With the price, decent location, and decent reviews my boyfriend and I chose to stay here for 3 nights. The only thing that I liked was the aroma of the lobby area. Other then that... I did NOT enjoy my stay here. The (first) room was decent but the walls must have been made out of paper. We could hear the next rooms conversations, toilet flush, and shower turn on and off. So we talked to the front desk, in which they moved us to another room. The second room was on a higher floor, had a better strip view, and looked more elegant but every time we would wash our face, brush our teeth or use the sink in general... IT WOULD LEAK UNDERNEATH. I could feel it splatter on the floor/my feet. We did not want to have to move again so we dealt with it. I don't know what was up with the sheets either. They must not use stain remover when they clean them, because there looked to be left over stains on them, which was disgusting. Again sounds were an issue. With the neighbors and even a loud banging coming from above us... which sounded like construction. The casino in this hotel is SUPER small. The thing that really threw me over the edge was when we decided to try to stay another night, we called the front desk and they were nothing but RUDE. They were not helpful at all. I would think that since we already were there 3 nights, and lost a ton of money in their casino they would try to work something out for us to stay. BUT NOPE. next time I will choose a better hotel to stay at, with more of a central location on the strip. In my opinion... don't stay at the Monte Carlo.
I would not stay here again.. . We arrived at 3 (which is check-in) and were informed that our room was not ready.  Joy.  The check-in guy said it could be a couple hours and that someone would call us when our room was ready.  I asked for some comp drinks and was quickly denied.  When we stayed at the MGM last year, we had the same problem and the clerk offered us $50 credit without us even having to ask.  . Great, been in a plane for 3 hours, no room, what's a guy to do?  Go check out "The Pub" with over 200 beers.  We arrived at the pub about 4 which was shift change apparently.  We sat by the pool (which closes at 5 during the off months, I guess us out of towners get screwed)  Some guy who worked there cam up to us and said that it was shift change and our server would be right with us....   10 minutes later....  same story from the same guy.  10 minutes more... another table is seated next to us.  10 more minutes the server shows up and promptly helps that table... Took 10 minutes of laughing and joking before we got service.  All this time, no water, nothing.   Service was slow and terrible.  The place was not even busy.  Did not go back and would not.  . We sat there for 2 hours without a call from the front desk.  I called and they said the room was still not ready.  WTF?  We have rezzies at 7!  So, I go to the front desk and was greeted by a rude woman.  She tells me the room is now ready no apology or anything.  We finally get to the room to find nasty towels in the shower.  . The bar staff at diablos are pretty snooty as well, you can only sit at a table if you are eating, drinks and apps have to sit in the bar.  Suffice it to say, I was not impressed.  There is too much competition in Vegas to be treated this way.  I will not be back to the Monte Carlo.
This was the worst hotel we have ever stayed at. In fact we only stayed about 15 mins. We walked in our room to the sound of crashing bottles and a horrific smell. Not to mention the floor was unclean and the desk was broken and two twin beds instead of a king suite. I opened the curtain to take a look at the stip, to our surprise we found out where the smell / noise was coming from. They put us over their trash and recycle center. Glass bottles were being dumped in by the barrels about every 30 seconds (at 10:30pm). Beings it was one of the slowest nights in Vegas and there was so reason that was the room booked to us beings they admitted to having plenty of rooms available! We then got a taxi and went down to the Wynn where we booked rooms there, came back to Monte Carlo and waited an hour for the hotel manager to become available to refund us our money. For $100 more a night you can stay at a hotel that is unbelievably amazing. If you decide to go here just make sure you don't get room 5-234
I've never written a review on yelp, but this hotel made me go through all that trouble so I can tell you my experience.  So, I went through priceline and got this hotel for around $70 (tax included) and was thinking, sure, the location is great and it's a 4 star.  Please don't be fooled, it's worse that many of the branded motels I've stayed before.  We paid an extra $55 to get a bigger room with 2 bathrooms and a jacuzzi.  Then the front desk tells us we need to pay an additional $15 for their club usage and internet. (which we don't use or need) So total around $140/night. When we came up to the room, it was old looking and NO amenities what so ever!  Eg. Cups, kettle, coffee machine, water bottle, microwave no where to be found etc..etc.  So we are Asian and we're used to drinking hot tea or hot water in the morning.  So we asked housekeeping whether they can get us a kettle.  "sorry, we don't have kettles. I'll transfer you to room service".  okay...so I spoke with them and asked for some hot water and two cups.  They said "sure, but it'll be $4.50".  So you can see why we did not have a pleasant stay here.  Also, the bed sheets had holes in it!!! . . We moved to PH tower westgate the next day and wow...what a change.  4 star as well, mini suite with a jacuzzi, much newer room, nicely decorated, bigger windows and has all the amenities listed above, kitchenware and even a dishwasher.   The total price was $25 cheaper.  I'm just disappointed that a 4 star hotel can't even afford a kettle for each room.  And they had to cheat us with the $15 additional resort fee when we check in.   I don't think travelers like surprises.. . We've stayed in more expensive hotels before and at least there's a reason why they charge so much.  For this one, I must say, it's not worth it.
Booked a suite for 3 nights and was promised that there we would receive aset of buffet tickets for each night. TOTAL LIE!  Service was also horrible. We asked for extra blankets the first night and they were never delivered. We asked again for extra blankets the second night and housekeeping brought them by throwing the blankets at me!  Not going back ever again.
Get me Out of here!  This stay has been awful.  We upgraded to a Monaco suite upon checking in hoping that we wouldn't end up with a non-renovated room like some of the rooms here.  My Fiancee just got off a 13 hour shift, and all she wanted to do was get some sleep after eating dinner.  I got back to our room at about midnight and as I'm writing this, it's 5:30AM and I still havent gotten any sleep.  There is a hole in our mattress, the bed springs squeek, I can hear the guy next door farting, and we've been getting the runaround from both the front desk and AMEX, who we booked our reservation through.  I even tried to sleep on the couch, which is definitely more comfortable than the king bed with the hole, but for $300 a night.....I SHOULDN'T BE SLEEPING ON A COUCH.  The only thing they've offered us so far is the Handicap Access suite, or a new room after 11AM after being put on a waiting list.  I'm hoping to call MGM Resorts at 8AM and hopefully they can amend this, then maybe my rating will go up.
Horrible, just horrible.  Room not very clean, bathroom had mold, no hot water for shower at 5 am, $30 noodle bowls at the asian restaurant.  All the restaurants were waaaaay overpriced.  Will not be returning EVER
Not clean!!! I would never stay there again or recommend this place.. The only thing nice I can say is that the staff was friendly and thank God at least our beds were clean.  BUT once we were on our floor--disgusting!  The hallway carpets were really dirty (even the walls were!), and once inside our room we found a total of three towels, HAIR in the shower and the glasses in the bathroom were so dirty they had a coat of dust inside them.  Even worse, there was trash in the hallway, trash in one of the elevators and someone on our floor had ordered room service and no one ever picked up the tray or the dishes!  We checked out this morning and there was the SAME tray with day-old food at the end of the hall-- it had been there all night!  That is so disgusting and really quite unbelievable, especially in Vegas in what is supposed to be a fairly nice hotel.  Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else!  It's not that much cheaper than anyplace else, I'd rather have spent more for a nice, clean room!
Bad service. Pubic hair and make up on "clean" towel. Dirty room. 3 out of 3 restaurants on property. Delivered sub-standard food quality and service.. Insect in bed (see photo). Will never return.. Enough said.
Worst hotel experience in my life. And I've stayed in some sketchy places in Africa, Asia and the Middle East.. . The best part of this place was entering the lobby. It's magnificent. Beautiful. Elegant.  And the room was clean and tastefully decorated.. . But.... . The final rating suffers because the hotel falls so short of expectations. A pretty lobby is nice, and a clean room is to be expected even of an economy place.  For a "resort" hotel, the bar is higher.  You expect luxurious amenities.  You expect everything to be well prepared and for your room to be ready to go from the minute you walk in.  Ours was not.. . First, access to the fitness center is NOT included in your nightly room rate.  I have stayed at many different hotels across the country and around the world, and this is the first time I've run into this. Maybe it's a Vegas thing? But it was a huge shock to learn I had to pay an extra $20 a night for something that even Holiday Inn includes at no extra charge.. . Next, we found out that Monte Carlo's rooms do not have wi-fi internet access at all. There's a single ethernet cable to connect a single laptop, so your wi-fi tablet, smart phone or other device is useless in your hotel room.  If you want to stream a movie on Netflix or surf the web on an iPad, tough crap. Monte Carlo can't get it done.  Even the Extended Stay America I was at the other night could support that one.. . Worse, the ethernet cable in our room was damaged by a prior guest, so we had to wait about 20 minutes for an engineer to come up and replace it.  And the picture quality on the beautiful flat screen TV was horrible, so we were pretty darn bored waiting for that engineer.. . This morning we got up and wanted to make coffee.  Two problems arose -- first, due to a lack of electrical outlets, we had to crawl around behind the desk to unplug the table lamp so we could plug in the coffee maker.  Then, after making the coffee, we noticed there was no cream or sugar in the room.  We had to call down for that, and that meant our coffee was cold by the time we had cream and sugar for it.. . What century does this hotel's management think we're in?  Who would put a phone, lamp and coffee maker on a desk with only two electrical outlets, and have that as the only desk in the whole room upon which guests might want to connect their laptops, recharge cell phones and other devises, etc.?  In the 21st Century, people need plugs.  This room didn't even have enough for the stuff that was already in the room before we got there, let alone for our electronic gear.. . I'd love to unwind in the jacuzzi, but found out after working out this morning that would cost an extra $10 per person per use -- and the wife and I would have to be in separate rooms since they're "clothing optional" and the sexes are kept separate.  Is this 1912 instead of 2012?  How about one place for families to enjoy where folks just have to bite their lip and remain clothed?  Would that be too much to expect? . . And the fitness center closes at 7 p.m.  So you'd better not be someone who likes to work out in the evening.  WTH?  Just about every other place I've stayed is open at least until 9 p.m.. . The pool closes early, too.  So no night swimming after a long day in the Vegas sun.  Wanna cool off?  Sneak into another hotel's swimming pool.  Monte Carlo does not have your travel needs in mind.
My boyfriend and I were going to a rockabilly convention in Las Vegas from Wednesday, April 4, 2012 through Monday, April 9, 2012. He chose to use Priceline.com to book our reservation. The Monte Carlo Resort and Casino took our offer on name your own price. We were rather enthused when we read their motto: "Luxury can mean different things to different people. For us, luxury should not be stuffy. Or opulent. Or exclusive. Or make you feel uncomfortable. We believe that luxury should make you feel special, no matter who you are. It should make you feel rich, even if you're not. Luxury should make you feel like a VIP, every day. This is what we believe at Monte Carlo Resort and Casino, and it is what we promise throughout our resort. We want our guests to enjoy the unique, inclusive Las Vegas experience available only at Monte Carlo - unpretentiously luxurious." Little did we know that this four diamond hotel wouldn't even live up to a Motel 8.. . Wednesday, April 4. . Upon arrival (10:30 pm), we were immediately greeted by three things.. . 1) The manager of one of the casino clubs. He wanted us to go to ladies night. We were uninterested and stated as much. He persisted until we took a bracelet.. 2) The intense smell of perfume. So intense that you could taste it.. 3) A broken revolving door.. . After receiving ourunwanted bracelet, we proceeded to stand in line for check in. The line was relatively short and we only had to wait for approximately five minutes.. . The lady behind the desk greeted us and we started our check-in process. She informed us that we would have to pay an additional resort fee of $20.00 per day. My boyfriend said that the Priceline deal stated that the hotel was paid in full. We were then informed that the $20.00 fee was stated at the bottom of the page. My boyfriend produced his original paper work; the verbiage regarding the resort fee was not on the paperwork. Regardless, we were told we would be required to pay the fee. We then asked what was included in the fee structure. We would receive bottled water, coffee, a newspaper, gym access, local/long distance phone calls, and internet. We told them we had cell phones and didn't need anything we were being charged for. Again, we were told that this fee was not negotiable. My boyfriend gave them his credit card to charge for the resort fee. We completed check in and headed to our room (10-122).. . I noticed as we were walking through the corridor that there were stains on the floors and walls as well as rips and gouges in the walls.. . We arrived at our room and the first thing we notice is that we were put into a double queen room. My boyfriend immediately calls downstairs to request a king room. Guest services inform us that there are no king rooms available but that they can change our room on Thursday. Whatever, we are tired and agree.. . After a long day at work and a short flight, I am in need of a quick shower before bed. As I turn on the lowest shower head that I have personally ever seen (I'm 5'4") I can't help but notice all of the black mold growing on grout lines of the shower and that the plumbing is deafeningly loud. After my very quick shower, I notice that our bathroom exhaust fan is not working.. . The room smells funky and so before bed I try to open the window only to find that the windows are sealed shut.
Thursday, April 5. . The next morning we decided to try out the "Cafe" in the Casino. There was a line to be seated though we could see more than twenty unoccupied tables. The service after being seated was fine but the food was atrocious. I love pancakes and these were hands down the worst pancakes I have ever had. A child with a can of bisquick could have done a better job.. . At approximately 11:00 am, we receive a phone call that our king room is ready. It is right next door (10-120). Our electronic keys have been reprogrammed and we can go ahead and move rooms as soon as we are ready.. . My boyfriend checks that his key opens the door and we move our suitcases into our new room. I immediately notice that there are peanuts, gum wrappers, and hair balls all over the floor. Additionally, there are black marks on the sheets. Disgusted my boyfriend decides to go down to speak to guest services/a manager. He comes back about twenty minutes later and informs me that he spoke with a manager and was told that he had two choices:. . 1) We could move to a cleaner room while they cleaned our room. 2) They would send housekeeping up immediately. . He had opted for the second choice and management compensated him two days of resort fees ($40). We waited to get ready for a group dinner for about two hours. Finally we had little choice and started to prep ourselves for dinner. We again noticed that the bathroom fan did not work. This time, instead of mold on the grout lines, the shower ceiling was peeling. At 4:30 pm housekeeping had not shown up; we left for our evening out.. . We came back to the room at about 11:00 p.m. The room was still not cleaned. The same wrappers, food, and hair were still on the floor. My boyfriend called down to guest services. They apologized and stated that they were unsure why housekeeping never came to the room. The compensated him the remaining three days of resort fees ($60) and then asked if we'd like someone to come up and clean the room. After a long day of drinking and dancing, we wanted to go to bed.. . . Friday, April 6. . I had an early morning class. When I returned around noon the room was not clean. I also couldn't help but hear the absolute worst techno music emanating from the pool ten stories down. . . When I went to dinner and out dancing until after 9:00 pm; upon return the room was not clean. At 11:20 pm, housekeeping came into our room while we sleeping. (Don't judge me, I was tired!). . . Saturday, April 7. . The room is finally cleaned! But I start to notice odd things. Where did one of my red extensions go? Why did my bottle of Frangelico move from the table near the window to the bedside table? I assumed it was due to housekeeping needing to move things around to clean thoroughly. We also happen to notice that housekeeping didn't restock the coffee, water, or the bathroom linens that had been placed on the floor.. . At around 4:15 p.m. we thought we'd head down to the pool for a bit. I tried to contact guest services for the next twenty minutes via phone to find out where the pool towels were located. It would just ring and ring and no one would answer. I called again around 4:35 pm, someone picked up the phone and hung up on my promptly. I called back immediately and finally got an answer. We headed down to the pool at 4:45 pm. We were told no outside drinks and then discovered that the pool closed at 5:00 pm. Seriously?!. . . Sunday, April 8. . We were jolted awake at 9:30 am by housekeeping. Are they not provided with rooms to clean in the morning that are not occupied?. . We spent all of Sunday morning and early afternoon out with friends. We returned to the hotel to nap around 2:30 pm. I asked my boyfriend why my Frangelico was on his side of the bed and why nearly 5/6 of it was gone after I had only had three glasses. He informed me that he had noticed his Jameson was disappearing but though maybe he had drank more than he had thought. It became obvious that housekeeping or someone working at the Monte Carlo Resort and Casino was stealing and drinking our alcohol.. . That evening we started to get ready and I couldn't find my red extension that was missing from Friday. I looked in everything as I was pre-packing for our departure the next morning. I never found it. Which means it was stolen or thrown away on purpose.. . Monday, April 9. . As we finished packing and getting ready to head to the airport, we were once again interrupted by housekeeping. This time it was 9:15 am.. . At the front desk we were asked if we enjoyed our stay. My boyfriend did the shoulder shrug and said not really. The guest services clerk so okay and continued to check us out.
Additional items we noticed throughout our stay:. - USA Today is not delivered to your room. It is in the elevator lobby area.. - There is no wifi. You get an Ethernet cable.. - No easily accessible outlets. Even those that were hard to reach were in use. You had to unplug something if you wanted to use an outlet.. - Elevator doors had grease and residue on the outsides. It appeared as though the metal had not had maintenance in a very long time.. - Subjective but the bed was extremely uncomfortable. The pillows are hard and extremely thick.. - TV remote didn't work 50% of the time. The stations are basic cable at best. The TV guide channel didn't work.. - ATM's in the lobby will cost you an additional $5.00 for surcharge fees. Be sure you need the cash.. - You can hear absolutely everything going on beside you, above you, and in the hallway. From people coughing to partying; you'll be a part of it all.. - Hair dryers are in bags in the closets.. - The linens all smell like they have been put in a dryer that had a fire in it at some point. Everything smells like burned hair.. - Drawers are not cleaned out for use. There are random items in there as well as dirt and dust.. - Rooms are extremely outdated. From the furniture to the carpet to the bathroom counters.. . . Ultimately, your money is better spent at Motel 8 or in a hostel than at the Monte Carlo Resort and Casino. If we return to Vegas, we will be happy to pay to stay at a hotel that deserves its four diamond rating.
Recently stayed here for a brief overnight on our way into the desert. Unbelievable how dirty the Room was. The bathroom had crap on the mirror and gunk on the faucet. The walls were filthy as well as the shower. The shower head looked like it had been duct taped to the wall and several of the towels had holes in them. . The glasses were so dirty that I wouldn't even drink out of them after we washed them. The bed was my favorite part. There were staines on almost every piece of linen. I had to strategically position the sheets so my g/f would notice or we would have been trying to change rooms at 1 am. I honestly cannot understand how or why a place would even bother operating at such a low level.
So we stayed here in August 2011 and we had a good time. Our room was clean. The service was good ,we liked the value of the hotel for being on the strip, we had a good time at the pool and we liked that we didn't have to walk across a hotel to get to self park, the valet or to get a cab (everything was laid out well). . So when we decided to celebrate our 3 year anniversary, we thought why not return? We initially got a handicap room because they had no other room available. We were told that the room was exactly the same except there were rails around the shower and toilet. The rails did not bother us but the room was gross. The carpet was filthy, there was a blood stain on our comforter, which smelled like a dirty gym (GROSS). There was a blood stain on one of the towels in the bathroom (DOUBLE GROSS), and the other towel had light brown stains and a hole in the middle of it (WTF). So we called down to have our room changed but they couldn't move us until the next day so FINE, we toughed it out for the night and tried to touch very little. . . The next morning my girlfriend (now fiance) actually proposed in the room. So the moment was extremely memorable because she made it extremely personal and sweet BUT what I found out afterwards really upset me. She told me how she called the concierge ahead of time and was trying to arrange a special room service breakfast (heart shaped pancakes and what not) and the guy just shut her down and said we don't do that. He didn't offer any alternatives or even give any suggestions. Now she prefaced the request with, I am proposing. I get that they have limitations but seriously?? You could not do a cheesy heart pancake? Obviously, the moment was perfect as is and I said yes, but to just shut someone down and not offer an alternative is ridiculous. She ended up even ordering the flowers from an outside flower shop because the hotel was ridiculously unhelpful. . . They moved us up to the 29th floor the next day and the room, towels and sheets were much better and the next two nights went off without incident. . . Between the beyond gross room and the completely unhelpful concierge, we won't be revisiting the Monte Carlo.
They do not have wheelchair accessible rooms with two queen beds. They will offer you a roll-away bed, but that doesn't sound too great for a vacation, to me. They also don't tell you this when making reservations online, so luckily I called to double-check the reservations. I made online reservations for 2 beds in a wheelchair accessible room, but those rooms don't even exist at this hotel.. I enjoyed my stay here a few years back-the pool was nice, the food was good, and it is in a good location, so I was going to return. However, I refuse to stay here, after this fiasco. . I called a few times to double check this, but the people I talked to didn't really care. I talked to a few people and they all had the same attitude towards the situation. They just kept telling me I could have a roll away bed put in my room, but why would I do that when I could go somewhere else for the same price or cheaper and get two beds?. Not offering this is not okay, but I would have tried it again in the future if they would have told us this from the beginning. Instead, they let us reserve a non-existant room. They also charged the card for a deposit fee after the website said no deposit needed.. I am taking my business somewhere else and will not come here to stay or eat.
We just returned from 3 nights in Vegas where we stayed at the Monte Carlo.   What a DUMP!  There were stains on virtually every soft surface - carpeting, the chairs (both in the room and by the elevator on our floor), even the towels.. The only good thing I can say is that we didn't pay much.  The total was about $100 per night and there were 3 of us in the room.  This included the booking through Expedia and the $20 resort fee charged for each day.. I truly hope the people who have paid full freight get better, cleaner rooms.. Here are some other observations:. PROS:. Fairly inexpensive for The Strip.. Pretty speedy service, except at the front desk.. Very professional bartenders.. CONS:. Awful bathrooms - mold in the tub area, no exhaust fan, no bath mat the first 2 days, no light in the shower some kind of residue on the glasses.. At check-in, many desks, few people working.  Stood in line 30 minutes.. Very little natural light anywhere in the hotel.. Worn mattresses.. WiFi in the lobby and food court only, did not work very well.. Stains EVERYWHERE.  There were several chairs in the elevator area on our floor and every single one of them looked like it had been peed on (or worse).. The online tool for checking your bill was cumbersome.. . Just a reminder - you get what you pay for.  Won't be making this mistake again.
Nope. Nice amenities, but room Ethernet was bad, wi-fi was evidently hackable (my account was compromised while there), and paid thru the nose for everything.
The Worst Way To Start My Bday!!!!. . The hubby and I went to the Monte Carlo to celebrate my birthday! We get there and the wait umm not to bad. Customer service was good i'll give them that. After 7 minutes we are checked in , and we are ready to head to  the room when we get there it was disgusting!!! . . Stains everywhere!!! The bathroom had hair on the floor!! Eww can you say gross!!! Ok so hubby calls front desk and  explains the situation and we were transferred to another room... Ok not bad right? WRONG!! 2nd room had pube hair in the shower! stains on the bed , the floor on the LAMPS!!! Like are you serious?!?!. . I wanted OUT of there!!! This whole process took 3 1/2 hrs!!!!! . . Off to the MGM we went! I will never stay at the Monte Carlo again!!!!!
Bait & switch....  Booked an upgraded room (extra money of course)here for two days.  Room unavailable at check in(their fault not ours) Michelle the snotty front deck person with the i just do not  care attitude said and I quote. 'oh when you book a specific room on line it's a suggestion from our resort you aren't actually paying for that particular type of room or upgrade'.   What!!!! R u kidding me.   She gave us 25 dollar off one night resort fee- which yes they charge. Don't bother with this place. We travel all the time- generally experience fantastic service. Hey room mess ups happen we get it but don't lie Michelle.   Here for a wedding there are about 50 plus here spread out all over town in different hotels    Bellagio, Luxor ,and tropicana etc    Our friend staying at the Luxor was in a similiar position with the room he paid for not being available - completely different outcome   They updated him to a beautiful new room in the west new towers - rooms very plush nice despite its poor ratings   And.... The gentleman at front desk was welcoming apologetic for the mix up etc.  take a lesson Michelle in etiquette and customer retention.  We won't be back and we will be repoting this to the booking sites   By  the way Monte Carlo rroom that we had was  old ,rugs stained, small and well just not that nice.
Stayed here last week.   Bad experience.   Requested to move rooms, which could not be done until the next day.    Received a phone call that the room was ready.   Left the pool and went to the front desk.   Computer system was down for several hours and nothing could be done.   So went to my room to shower, and turned on the water, it was brownish orange.   Called the front desk, who said oh yeah we had to turn the water off, it will clear in a few minutes.   NOT!   25 minutes later still a disgusting color.   Called the front desk to complain.   They offered a $50 food credit.   Of course when I received the bill, I didn't get the food credit.   Had to call "accounting" which took another 35 minutes of my time.    Lumpy beds too.  Never going back here again!!!!!!
This is a review of the casino/gambling section..... . Dealers and pit bosses treat you bad.  They assume you know nothing, say backhanded comments while you play.... I do not give them my gambling business anymore.  If you're playing craps here, be prepared for some bad bad joo joo
I stayed here Thanksgiving weekend, and all I can say is that MC is an absolutely disgusting establishment.. . Granted, MC is your more economical choice for staying on the Strip. I wasn't expecting anything extravagant, but after my experience here I would have gladly put down the $30 extra a night to stay at a decent hotel.  My terrible visit began with the hour-long wait to check in.  I know Thanksgiving weekend is mega busy for Vegas, but come on.  When I finally made it to the check-in desk, I was informed the room I booked was unavailable, and was assigned one equipped with handicap facilities. No big deal.  That is, until I got up to the room, pulled back the comforter, and discovered a pool of BLOOD on the the sheets! It was everywhere and so horrifically disgusting!! . . I immediately when back down to complain, where I had to wait another hour just to talk to someone.  When I finally did get a holdof a person, they were only willing to change out the sheets.  Uh, hell and no on that! My God, there was BLOOD on that freaking bed!  The MC staff acted like I was complaining about a full trash can or something!  . .  I demanded a room change, even though they kept insisting there weren't any available rooms.  They kept giving off this whole, "What's the big deal?" attitude to the whole situation, which I was not having. Finally, after asking for a refund, they offered to upgrade my room for free.  The new room was decent, (of course though, the bathroom lights didn't work and we had to call and have them replaced) in that there did not appear to be blood on the bed, and since I had already wasted my whole day dealing with the MC staff I took it to try and salvage some vacation time.. . Naturally, at check-out they tried charging me for the upgrade.  Dealing with MC was a nightmare.  I strongly urge others to avoid this place.  Overall, you really don't save that much compared with other hotels.   Save your time and sanity and go somewhere sanitary.
Not a very nice room for 4-stars.  More like 3.5  FEES.... I booked the room through priceline and got what I thought was a good deal.  When I arrived the hotel added a $22 'resort fee' to my credit card.  What a Scam.
Our first stay here and it will be our last. We were given an incorrect room at check in, we went back down and had it corrected with no form of apology. The girl at the desk actually seemed upset that I wanted the room I had booked. . . The carpets are disgusting, the bathroom fixtures are junk, etc etc
****BEWARE OF FREE BUFFET DEALS AND LOW ROOM RATES********. . I booked my stay through Expedia which offered two free buffets only to find out at check-out that they only gave me credit for one. . . In addition the room rate I paid at Expedia didn't include a DAILY "Resort Fee" of $20. . . When the checkout person asked how my stay was I replied that it was not what I expected. To this they said sorry, but didn't bother to ask what made me unhappy. . . Hidden fees and false advertisement will always take my business elsewhere.
I am at awe to believe that this hotel is rated 4 diamonds (as claimed plastered onto the walls of the lobby) Where do I start? First, the walls are paper thin. On one side of the wall I hear a couple arguing. On the other side I hear Chinese people arguing at 4 a.m.  The showers are so loud, I mean do I have to know when everyone around me is taking a shower? Second, the carpet and bed sheets are filthy. There were pink stains on the carpet and there were red stains on my bed sheets that I don't even want to guess what it could be. The pillows are probably the most uncomfortable things I've ever slept on. The shower was dripping when we arrived and it has to be adjusted a different angle every time we use it to get the dripping to stop. On top of everything, the hotel charges $22.40 a night for the "resort and hotel" amenities. Are you kidding me? This was nowhere close to a resort experience for us. I think the Travelodge across the street would've been better or just the same experience for a cheaper rate. Never again.
The hotel room walls are thin...I can hear it all! The rooms are substandard. I'm never staying here again. The staff at the blue man group show are unfriendly. I'm spending $400 to watch a show! At least say "hi can I help you?" Or "thank you".
Hotel room was not clean.... there were coffee marks on the sheet... and.. hairs... we booked 2 nights originally, but end up cancel and switch hotel after few hrs...... they really need to remodel their room... theres no Wi-fi in the room, which sucks.......
I have stayed there twice.  The second time I stayed and found out that the night life or lounge they called Brand Steakhouse and Lounge is a very tiny lounge which is converted from a regular steakhouse restaurant during day time to night time as Lounge.  The admission fee is $30.  I totally do not recommend to go in.  Don't go in unless it is free.  The DJ isn't that great either.
Never again.. . My room was not clean, no wifi, the lamps are screwed down to the table and they surprise you with a $20 resort fee.  They say it is for coffee, Internet and 2 bottled waters. I had no coffee cups, 1 bottle of water and a broken Internet cable. Asked for a credit and they refused.  Terrible customer service, the place is totally run down and dirty. . . This hotel just failed at the most basic levels. It is dirty and tired.
Because of a discrepency between Monte Carlo and the booking agency that I used to book my stay, I had to pay for my room TWICE. I paid for the room in advance through the booking agency whom did not pay the Monte Carlo (not my fault!) and instead of the Monte Carlo taking it up with them they decicded that it was my problem and made me pay for my room a second time. I guess this must be their example of "everyone is a VIP". I called to confirm my reservation before leaving and they said that everything looked good. I went to check out and got a surprise bill of over $200 and they wanted nothing to do with helping me resolve the issue. . On top of that, the people at the Monte Carlo were not very polite and the window in my room over looking the strip was almost too dirty to see out of. Don't stay here. Don't believe the "everyone is a VIP" nonsense.
My husband and I were guests at the MGM "Monte Carlo" resort from Saturday (2/16) through today (2/20).. I would like to outline for you our experience and how in the future we will steer away from MGM resorts in the future.. . We stayed at this resort because my husband was attending a conference and it was convenient for his meetings.  . . Comments:. 1.  Baggage.  When we arrived, the bellman took our bags and said they would be brought up after we checked in.  He did give us a receipt.. . 2.  Check in.  We arrived at the hotel at about 11 AM.  There were about 20+ people in line so we elected to go to lunch first. We had a nice lunch in the Cafe.  When we went back to check in, the line had dwindled by 50%+.  When we checked in, the clerk did not offer us an upgrade and did not mention the "M Card"  just basically gave us the room key.  We mentioned that that the bellboy had the bags and she said matter-a-factly that we just needed to call once we got to the room.  . . 3.  Room Quality.  The "standard room" was very disappointing.  The bed and pillows were uncomfortable.  There were not enough outlets in the room for us to charge items.  2 Keurig pods and no real cream was chintzy. Shower was small.  . . 4.  Baggage part 2.  After traveling for 10+ hours to get to the room, we called for our bags and was told that we needed the receipt.  In the haste of getting to the hotel, we misplaced the receipt. We were told that we would need to come and identify the baggage and after speaking to a manager of that department, was told that we would have to come down and that there were 3000+ guests, clearly, no VIP treatment here.  After finding the receipt, I was surprised by this practice since the receipt had my NAME clearly on it. AND THE BELLBOY could have checked the ID. Instead I was inconvenienced.  WHY THE BELLSTAND AND THE FRONT DESK don't coordinate so bags magically appear in guests' rooms, I don't understand.. . 5.  Restaurant.  While we had an ok experience the first time in the cafe, our experience yesterday was awful. We arrived a bit before 8 and waited for table for 15 minutes. After we got table, we waited for server for almost another 10 minutes. We immediately ordered and the food arrived at 8:51.  The bill was never presented. And after we had to rush eating, we left at about 10 minutes later. The person who claimed to be the manager couldn't find bill.  We left a low tip and explained why and he was not apologetic at all. He felt the need to pull the receipt and act argumentative -well your order didn't go in  until....The point was this was a hotel serving 3000 guests, making eggs, isn't that complicated and once again we learned that the customer is NEVER right at MGM.. . . 6.  Front desk part 2.  We went to the front desk to add the "M Card" my husband had enrolled for online to be hooked to our stay.  The girl was very confused by this.  He pulled it up on his phone and it had a number.  She said she would do it.  When he asked for a spa visit to the venitian be added, she didn't understand and got argumentative.   She said "She couldn't be responsible for other people's actions"  What kind of team building do you have?  Clearly she won't ever be in charge of anyone's else's actions and she should be terminated immediately.  Argumentative yes, helpful, no.. . 7. Gym/spa.  Very bad.  Really is this a holiday inn?. . 8.  Cleaning Rooms.  Yesterday, we left our room at 7:45 and went back at 1:45.  During this time, maid service had not come. . . 9.  Front Desk Part 3.  When standing in line to check out, 2 check out clerks waved for me to come to them. I went to the closest one. She looked at me confused and I said what, she goes "I thought you were going to him"--Like she didn't realize her colleague was also waving at another customer who stood in front of him while she was saying this to me.  She proceeds to pull up the account and stating each and every charge--you have a starbucks, a dinner here, a gift shop there, etc.....INSTEAD of printing the bill and letting me look at it.  Very bizarre indeed.  . . The point of these comments is to let upper management know that we definitely were not treated like VIPs, that your staff was argumentative, unfriendly and not helpful.  Will not recommend your resort anywhere.
Hotel is ok, rooms big but that's about it. Only one tiny trashcan in the room, which is important because they try to steal every dollar from you at every turn. Resort fee pays for two water bottles and access to the pool, and but dont try to bring water with you to the pool, you have to buy it from the pool vendor. And the lazy river isn't part of the resort fee, and you have to buy a tube. Food is horribly overpriced, and we quickly filled the tiny trash in the room with food wrappers from the grocery store. No fridge in room either, but bring an ice chest (free ice). . . Suffice it to say, I we will never stay here again and will recommend others don't either.
Stayed here one night extending our trip. The check in is a joke looking more like a Disneyland attraction line zig-zagging back and forth. It took over 30 minutes to check in on a Monday afternoon! . . The room (floor 31 of 32) was so so and at $66 on Monday + the hidden $20 "resort fee" and taxes put the room at almost $100, did I mention it was on Monday? . . We went to the Pub & Keg room and waited for a few to be seated at about 9pm, Monday night. After sitting at a table for 20 minutes with no waiter or waitress even giving us water, we walked out. As I left, I handed the matradee my menu and told her no thanks. She didn't even bat an eye or offer any attempt to retain our business- sad. . . For our money, I'd rather go back to the Golden Nuggett Rush Tower downtown. If you haven't checked that out, do yourself a favor and take a look.
DO NOT STAY HERE!!!   EVER!!! I would have given it ZERO stars if I could.. . This hotel is the worst one I have ever stayed at, and I will NOT be going back to any of MGM's hotels! They are all garbage!. . - Mold in the shower/bathtub. - The door number plaque was missing, and someone promptly used a sharpie to write the door number in.. - The safe in the room was broken. - After declining maid service and putting the "do not disturb" card on the door, I returned to find my room was cleaned and $200 was missing from my room. My friend with me also had cash stolen from her personals.. - After filing a "security report" the hotel offered me a $50 room credit as a show of good faith. When I checked out, there was NO record of the $50 room credit. . - Numerous calls have gone unreturned. My last call got me to a grumpy lady who was too busy to help me. She told me that Mauricio Chales was going to call me. That was 8 days ago.. - Email that was written to them has also been unsuccessful.. . Save your money for a nicer hotel, as the Monte Carlo is not even close to being "nice". . . Terrible customer service, despicable room and thief's for maids. Enter at your own risk!
I had always liked walking through and hanging out at the Monte Carlo, But when it came down to actually staying there... I wouldnt suggest it now that I have had the experience. I spent $175 for a sunday night in a spa suite. The inside was not very clean. Although the bed was made and everything was neat, there was a stain as if someone spilled a bottle of wine over the tile that surrounded the spa. The pool is LOUD all day long. It is impossible to take a nap because of that. The music is way to Loud during the day. The moldings had scuff marks and other parts of the room looked like a dog had been chewing on it. The water came out cloudy in the sink, kind of disturbing. Finally got home, and noticed on the next billing cycle that they had billed me another $25 for an unknown reason. I am on hold and have been waiting for over 15 minutes. Finally got a hold of some one and they told me it was a "resort fee", which I understand having resort fees, but I was not ever informed that there would be additional charges to the $175 I had already spent for the room AND the fact it was billed out to me on the following billing cycle is disappointing. I wish it would have been one figure that I was aware of and would only have to pay once. Not Impressed with the service or the room... Not going to stay here again
Can't trust the house keepers.  They threw out souvenirs that we had left in a very obvious gift bag on the floor near the TV.  It did NOT look like garbage.  So if you don't want the housekeepers to steal or throw out your personal belongings, do not let them in.   When we called to complain about it the only thing they could do was reimburse is $20 for the resort fee, which doesn't cover the sentimental value of the gift that was stolen/thrown out.  Also, when I checked my credit card statement, it turns out that they did NOT reimburse the money.  It's safe to say that the customer service is a DEFINITE let-down.   . . The location is also pretty bad - it is NOT central.  We had to cab everywhere.  . . There's really nothing special about the monte carlo, the rooms are very sub-par
First time staying at the Monte Carlo (basically any hotel not directly near the CityCenter area on the Strip) and would never again. The facility itself was nice (3 stars for facility alone). Clean casino, bar & pool area, elevators, etc., but the service was terrible. Resort fees ($22.50) now include wi-fi connections in room (poor wifi connection, but a wifi connection nonetheless).. . Check-in was smooth as everyone else has said, but room was serviced only once in 5 days (after the first night).  I called at 7:00pm my third night to have the beds made and the trash emptied while out for the evening, the person on the phone was friendly, but when I returned to the room at 8:00am nothing had been done. Notified the front desk and two nights of the resort fees were comped. Called another night just for towels and toilet paper, took over an hour to get. Pool only allows unopen water bottles (no juices or soft drinks, if you have kids). Drinks are expensive (but that's Vegas). I didn't even end up staying for the full 5th night I paid for. . . Check out experience was ridiculous as well. Was the only person waiting in the check-out line and was never called forward. Had to physically cut in front of a receptionist and ask to be checked out after a 20 minute wait. Had a long distance phone call on my bill which I was told could not be contested. Finally, spoke to the manager, Ryan, who ended up comping all the daily resort fees and the added long distance call on my bill, which I appreciated. He seemed genuinely disappointed with my experience. Next time I'll pay the extra money to stay somewhere I know the service is always good.
I stayed here because it was on the AAA website. Next time I will not bother. . . 1. I reserved a king bed. I arrived before the allotted check out time and they said they only had 2 queens available. This was after standing in line for a bout 30 minutes to check in, the line wrapped around 3 times! Of course I was frustrated! What made matters worse is the man checking me in was RUDE. He said they would call me the next time when there would be a King room available. I asked to verify what number they would call me on and he mumbled out a phone number. . . I then told him that number did not sound right and told him my correct phone number, which he seemed to ignore. . . 2. The 1st room was sad. There was pink mold in the shower. The remote to the TV did not work. I could hear everything from the next room over. . . Finally the next day after not getting called about an available king room, I went downstairs to the check in line and finally got the king room...but note they did not call me to tell me one was available. If I was not proactive I would still be stuck in the room for the next 3 nights. . . On top of all this they added 20 dollars for a resort fee! Which included two baby water bottles and WIRED internet...there was no wifi...who the heck uses WIRED internet anymore!. . I am just going to try another hotel next time!
This place looks really, really old inside. In the room I was in, the pillows smelled of an old attic, the remote control to the TV was dusty, the carpet on the floor was falling apart, and the TV turned off by itself with the remote all the way on the other side of the room.. . 1) NO WI-FI - really? . .  2) BEWARE - Resort fee on top of booking price.  If you look on their website it's actually called Monte Carlo RESORT & Casino.Booked for $51 and came out to $83  b/c the stupid resort fee and taxes. TRUST ME--IT'S FAR FROM A RESORT EXPERIENCE. Might as well stay at the motel 8 or excalibur for 1/3 of this price since it's a very similar setting.. . 3) No refrigerator. . 4) Did I mention it's REALLY OLD inside?
Terrible service. Booked a room with two beds, deluxe strip view. I go to check in and they don't  have anything available that meets my request and am forced to downgrade my room.
Last weekend my boyfriend and I stayed at the Monte Carlo with my brother and sister-in-law. Before booking a hotel in vegas, we did a lot of searching and wanted to find a hotel that was reasonably priced with a good pool. We ended up choosing Monte Carlo.. and after this weekend I wish we would have decided on another hotel. . . We arrived late Thursday night (close to midnight) and the line to check in was about an hour wait. They only had two people working!! Finally someone was smart enough to request backup and once a few other employees came to help the line moved much quicker. Once we arrived at the front desk, we were greeted by an extremely rude male employee. He acted if we had just ruined his evening by walking into his place of business! As we were checking in, he informed us that only one room would have a king (which we both requested) and the other would have a queen. Then he said they would be smoking (we requested non-smoking). We asked if there was anything he could do to make changes because we would be extremely unhappy with those accommodations. He said there was nothing he could do and then gave us a figure as to how much it would cost if we wanted to cancel our reservation. At this point I asked to speak to the manager.. . Once the manager arrived he was extremely polite and apologetic for his employee (must happen often!). He gave both rooms a $50.00 credit to a variety of restaurants in the hotel. He found two non-smoking room, one with a king and one with two queens, which at this point was fine with us because we wanted to be done with this process already! . . The hotel was extremely out-dated and we had a worker come up UNANNOUNCED to fix something in the bathroom. My boyfriend stayed at Harrah's for a fraction of the price the last time he was in Vegas and he said the rooms looked exactly the same! . . We figured the pool would be the saving grace for the hotel... but sadly we were mistaken. Unless you are traveling with children - this pool is not for you! There were kids everywhere!! Not that I can't stand children (I've been a nanny for 6 years) but when I want to take a dip in the pool, cruise down the lazy river, dance in the wave pool with the DJ playing music, or lay out.. I'd prefer not to hear screaming kids or be splashed like crazy! . . And to top off this awful experience, my credit card has been charged an extra $150 on top of what the total charges for our stay were. I called the front desk (which took over 20 minutes waiting on hold to finally get a live person) and they said that its just an insurance charge that will be removed once the total room charge has gone through on the account - WRONG! At this moment my card has approved, and been charged both the total charge for the weekend AND the $150 "insurance". I am calling back today to get this sorted. . . The only thing this place has going for it is the location on the strip . . OVERALL : Monte Carlo = Monte Crapo!!
This hotel is horrible. It started by the hour wait in line to check in. . Next the rooms. They are nasty. Stains on the walls, broken lamps, shredded stained carpets, bubbling wallpaper, dirty windows, holes in sheets. AND THE DUST.  And trust me I could go on and on.  Called and complained but honestly they know the hotel is a junk pile. They offered to move all 6 of us but why? From one junky room to another, not worth the time. A friend had a worker walk in her room at 1 am to fix her shower. What is up with that? She complained to the hotel manager and though he was nice it didn't make up for the hell hole. They did comp us a $300 food credit which we only used $100 of.I will never stay in any MGM property because of this. You are better off staying on freemont.
Never again.  The rooms are not that nice and the charges are outrageous.  We checked in for a three night stay which I got at a great deal since we stayed last year (which was just bad as well, but I thought I would give them a second chance and take advantage of saving some money), but then they wanted to add an additional 50.00 (150.00!!)  per night as security ON TOP OF the 20.00 per day "resort fee"!!?!?  I don't think so!! I think they got the clue when I told them I would not be paying that and we were more than prepared to take our business elsewhere.  All of a sudden they were "nice enough" to "waive" that made up fee.  NEVER AGAiN!!! DON'T DO IT!!!!  If you don't have the money to visit Vegas properly, save a little longer! This place is a discgrace to Vegas!!
I stayed at here for two nights and there was mold in the tub and the shower drain was . clogged.  The swimming pools were nothing to get excited about. I won't stay here again.
So if you want a room that looks like it belongs in the early 90's with rips in the lampshades this hotel is for you..  We decided to book a few nights here since Hyatt diamond membership now transfers to mlife statues that's equal. Unlike Hyatt who really makes a point in letting you know that they appreciate choosing them, here does not. We didn't get any upgrade or extra anything plus worst rooms ever..     In the room you can hear any little noise from the hallway which makes it hard to sleep. Plus our room was nonsmoking but smelled musty and smoked in pretty often. . The view is the outside rooftop and when I opened the window curtain workers were outside waving at me. Not far away 1 foot away workers just sitting up there and chatting.  The other oddity was the lampshades were ripped in places. . Next time we are on the strip we will defiantly choose outside mlife brand hotels.
The buffet was horrible for the price. Pay tge exta $10 and go to the Belagio or similar hotel.  Food was salty, low quality, and server s weren't very nice. Seating area is very uncomfortable.  Last thing I left gratuity but you get your own drinks.  If your looking for a quick bite to eat then this is the place for you.  There was no line.  Now I see why.
Had the worst experience ever! I booked my suite over a month ahead of time for my boyfriend's bday celebration. We arrived on a Friday and checked in at 2:45pm. At check In they said our room would not be ready until 5pm! I had dinner reservations and had to get ready. We killed time by getting something to eat. We came to check up at 4pm to see if our room was ready or to request a new room. According to them everything was book. After 10 minutes they claimed our room was ready. We rushed to our room to find the door wide open and a maid still cleaning the floor which had a big spilled wine looking stain on it. We had to wait an additional 20 minutes outside. After we walked in we both took our shoes off and walked right over the stain and the carpet was soaked!. We immediately went downstairs and switched us to another room (I was told 30 minutes before that everything else was booked!!) Once we got our other room we only had a 1 person Jacuzzi, not a 2 person Jacuzzi just how it states on their website, the living room was full of crumbs and there were ashes in the front rest room with garbage on the floor, the upholstered chairs had huge dark, nasty stains on them and our view sucked. We were already too exhausted to go complain again so we waited until the following morning. After I spoke to the manager they had no other room to switch us into so they sent up maids to address the issues and they replaced our chairs. The manager claimed and admitted that their hotel is in desperate need of renovations which actually will be started next year. The sofa was extremely stained and we found baby toys and so much garbage under the cushions. By the 2nd day the rest room stopped working. Wifi does not work! You get no cell phone reception in your rooms! Our drinks took 1 day and a half to finally cool in the mini fridge. The room is really dark and the 3 lamps they have in there barely give you lighting. The wet bar area has plenty of lightning but does not extend to the living room. One lamp in living room makes no difference at all. On a plus side room service was fast, maids cleaned up restrooms and made our bed really well during our stay. The manager at the front desk was really helpful and quick to solve the issues we found in our room but I felt like half the time I was in Vegas I was at the front desk complaining about a new issue I found. Having paid for a "suite" I was really surprised of the condition of the room it was in and all the issues it had with it. I did not use their pool or gym but the buffet was good and the casino area was good and plenty availability for slot machines and tables. I would not go back there again.
Stayed here last month.  I have since talked to guest services and was given a 50.00 credit for my stay.  Makes up for some of the terrible service.  First the good- the pool area is great, but you can't take anything in not even water.  Brand Lounge is amazing.  It's small, but great music and the best service we had was here.. The bad- There is no wifi in the rooms only the lobby, the rooms are dated (but i could live with that since I wasn't there much), I had a smoking room and the ashtray was taken and not replaced, the service all around was terrible from the place we ate to the concierge desk.  If you're looking for a cheap place to stay this would work.  But don't expect service with that.
This is the 3rd time I've been to Vegas!!! The worst experience I've ever had, I checked in in the afternoon, when we get in the room sink was plugged! We supposed to get one king size bed they gave us 2 queen beds...... I can hear my neighbor talk about where they gonna go, and not surprised they throw a party at 2 am, it's Vegas I know!!! But come on~~~ go out and party please! . . Most importantly don't let the beautiful pix on their website fool you, from the experience if " The Ventian" and Bellagio , this place looks like a 90 dollars roadway inn!!!. . Don't come, if you wanna have fun in Vegas
This place is really low rent!  Gave us two queens when booked a king!  The bathroom sink won't drain and you can hear everything going on in the rooms next to you!! Complained about the party next door twice and it continued into the morning.  Will not stay here again and advise others to look elsewhere if looking for something nice.
I have to be in Vegas for my friend's wedding and there is the iHeart music festival going on, so we went with the cheapest four star hotel on the Strip.. . Long story short, $240 a night is a complete rip-off, I have stayed in Comfort Inn that has better room than this place, I mean, no refrigerator for a four star hotel ? Are you shitting me ?. . And I really hope their housekeeping crew enjoy my gift,. two hours after I check out I found out that I left something in the night stand,. call their Lost and Found Dept and report the room number and location of the item well before the earliest check in time,. 10 days later now and they still told me item not found, makes me wonder who gets their hand on it.
Boy where do I begin. I booked a strip view room at this hotel about two months in advance. I was a late check in and called the hotel earlier in the day around noon to inform them that I would be checking in around 11PM. As expected, I arrived on the property around 10:30pm and saw that there was a HUGE line for check in. had to wait in line for about 45 minutes until I finally saw a front desk agent.. . The agent told me that the strip view room I had booked was no longer available, whatever that means. I told the agent that I had fully paid for a strip view room and anything else was unacceptable. In short, the agent told me there was NOTHING he could do except put me up in a non-strip view room, then give me a call the next day around 3PM so I could move to a strip view room.. . My temporary room was small, bland, utterly boring with a view of the 15 freeway. I waited until 4PM the next day and was not given a call on my room line, nor my cell, as promised by the agent from the night before. I ended up having to call the front desk and after being transferred to 4 different people, I was finally given a room to transfer to with a strip view. I asked that the difference in price from the night before be refunded to me, or comped in some sort of way. My request was denied.. . Overall, had a horrifying time at this hotel. I was straight up robbed of money for a specific room I paid for fully in advance. If you're not going to give me the type of room I reserve, why even have reservations? Never returning to this dirty hotel ever again, not even to gamble, drink, or eat at any of its restaurants.
Old, dirty, unfriendly, unaccomadating. Never again, EVER! When we arrived for check in at 3:30 on Thursday we were told by a Michelle G, who checked us in, that there were were no longer any king size bedrooms available, which is what we had reserved. This left me to wonder whether the guests waiting in the gigantic and growing line behind me were going to be told the same thing and how pissed everyone was going to be, right? My husband asked how that was possible and the chick had the audacity to tell us that technically check is 3 but no one is guaranteed their room until 6 pm!! Seriously?! Then why isn't check in at 6?! That was ridiculous. She must've thought we were stupid or something. She treated us like second class citizens and this really disappointed me. Well after my husband refused to budge, she made a call and magically found a king size bedroom available. She took no responsibility, made no apologies and frankly looked mad at us for some reason! Talk about quality customer service, what a joke! Well she must have had some sort of beef with us because the room we got was awful! Ugly, drab, old and equivalent to a crappy holiday inn, even then that may be an insult to the holiday inn. The bathroom had mold and hard water stains, and small.  The furniture was chipped and dis colored and carpet was old. Mind you we're not pretentious or picky but even this was pretty bad for vegas! We called to complain but the hotel refused to take responsibility and said they'd call back to switch our rooms and never did. When we met up at our friend's room I noticed their room was bigger and newer and a tad better but even they weren't happy with their room. Never again will we make the mistake of staying here. The Monte Carlo claim that "luxury should make you feel special no matter who you are" and that was a bunch of BS. I should've just stuck with the Mandalay bay or Luxor. Sorry for grammar and punctuation, I'm on my phone and mad!
Monte Carlo advertises itself as being an "Unpretentiously Luxurious" hotel but my experience was quite the opposite. . . AFTER spending a lot of money on dinner at one of their restaurants and seeing the Blue Man Group (underwhelming) I went to gamble a bit. . . The casino chair that I sat in was one of those big, cushioned, bolted-to-the-ground chairs. As I sat I immediately felt the unmistakable sog of a soaking wet chair. It sloshed up under me and everything I had on was immediately soaked. A second later I realized - IT WAS PEE. The smell... the burn...It was definitely PEE. When I got up and looked at the chair, the wet spot was in the shape of a seated butt and legs.. . Long story short; I told 1 lady (that I thought worked there) that there was pee in the chair and her response was "I know".. . I went to the concierge desk to tell them that the chair was full of pee. The man i talked to apologized and went about talking to someone else to go fix it. . . I had to throw away my underwear and am still undecided on what to do about the skirt (who wants to wear a white skirt with THAT memory).. . I also got a huge rash on my butt that lasted for a week. . . I had sent an angry e-mail to the MC detailing my above experience, mainly because I only had that outfit that night which was cut short as a result of the situation. I had become mad about it.  I got a call where I was told that they would research my complaint and get back to me with-in 10 days. . . Its been over a month and they have not gotten back to me! . . The difference between a good business and a bad business is all in how they handle themselves. Even in the face of mistakes beyond their control. . . Even if all they did was formally apologize and close the loop of communication, I would have been fine.. . So now I, my friends and my family view the MC as "Unpretentiously Crumby" and just another depleting Vegas organization.
Marginal. Would not come back here of my own free will.. . Desk service is competent and friendly.  . . The food court frequently has long lines and is also frequently out of key menu items -- which you will find out about after waiting in those long lines.. . The hallway outside the room stank of mold and disinfectant.  There was water damage to the walls and carpeting.  . . The tub took hours to drain after each shower and the bathroom wallpaper was peeling.. . One of the room outlets had no power, and there is no wifi available above the second floor.. . Paper thin walls -- I felt like a part of my neighbors lives and conversations.. . Finally, on check out I discovered the $20/night resort fee added to the advertised rate for the room.  CAVEAT EMPTOR.
They claim to be 4 stars. I know it's not the Palazzo or Bellagio, but I have never ever seen a filthy hotel room in my entire life, not even comparable to the budget hotels.. . My perspective of Las Vegas from the last time I came in 2010 has changed--I am leaving with aheavy heart not because I lost money from gambling but because Vegas is not as fabulous as It was.I stayed in the Palazzo in 2010, and this time, Monte Carlo. There is no comparison. . . The hotel, which we booked from Travelocity, looked so much different from the photos in their website. We didn't read the yelp reviews, I wish we did. The front desk were very friendly of course, we sandwiched $20 hoping we would be given a nicer room, and a view of the strip. The lady gave us a room in the 28th floor, and just like we hoped for, she said a view of the strip.. . Coming out of the elevator, There is a musty smell in the hallway, and dirty and old carpet covering the floor. And then our room...... . It's beyond disappointment. I have stayed in nice and not so nice hotels, and I don't understand why Monte Carlo claims that they are a 4 star hotel? We went yo the front desk and we were told there is nothing they can do!. . Bathrooms are filthy. I am posting the gross photos. Warning;Gross!. No bath tubs, we are given the handicapped room,non smoking with a tiny bit view of the strip, more of facing the Aria. . The towels have stains on them.. Bedbugs? Maybe, we went home with rashes.. Carpet, old.. . There is nothing about our hotel room that we actually liked, it just kept disappointing us, from the wallpaper, to the cheap hair dryers that hardly dried my hair; except that it includes two free buffet everyday.. . The staff, the bell staff are okay, and the guy who calls the taxi cab, since we didn't have any change left at all, so we couldn't tip when we wee leaving, told us that we should tip. We know, but with that attitude? Hmmm..... . On Saturday, the clienteles are so much different. I was holding tight on my bag trying to be alert. I felt like I have to be extra alert! and that I am gonna be robbed. But on Sunday, it's more of the older and Midwest visitors arriving. We were about to change hotels and book Aria or Vdara for the next few days but since we saw different clienteles coming in, we decided to stay, and that also we are told by travelocity that we cannot refund the remaining two days.. . The buffet may be the best part of the hotel, only because it's included in our package deal. The waiter was very polite. And although it's a buffet, we still happily left a 20% tip. . . Back to the hotel room, the next day, we were hoping to be given a new and clean towels since we skipped one day of housekeeping, oh by the way there is no provided door tag so I had to write down Do Not Disturb. My own handwriting in  a cheap paper. So we put all the towels in the bathroom floor, they all have stains so we know which towels.... When we came back and our room is cleaned, the towels are brought back from the floor unchanged...... . Very very bad experience from Monte Carlo. I won't be back, and I do not recommend . Negative 5 stars. Where is the MLife?:((( it's very questionable.
