Not impressed! The meats were very salty! No refills on soft drinks! The filet was really dry! We were celebrating a birthday and the dessert wasn't comped? Extremely over priced!!!!! . Not worth your money! I went to the fiesta casino buffet and paid $6.99 and had better cuts of beef than here!!!!
Don't eat at this place if your date is attractive and you don't want a bunch of annoying guys hitting on her, especially if you request the good meat since you paid $49 and reject the chicken they try to force on you.
Do NOT wait for an eClub coupon.  They are slow to act and slower to care. From their Feedback page.. . "To Whom it May Concern:. . I don't know if this classifies as a Dining Problem or an eClub problem, as both seem to be missing an element of professionalism.. . Going through a third-party for eClub signups is one thing, having one that doesn't support those who sign up for it is another.  And having a restaurant that won't go the extra mile is, frankly, sad.. . I called just now to the Las Vegas location, with an attempt to redeem my girlfriend's voucher for a free meal.  We have been in search of a Brazilian all-you-can-meat gourmet location, and I was so impressed the first time we came.. . Since [the voucher] did not exist (we both registered several weeks ago), we called the restaurant for some advice to see if anything could be done to accommodate us.  The short answer, (after 4 unanswered calls and a three-minute hold time) was a resounding, "No."  ("Occasionally," said the hostess, "You might get a belated coupon or something."). . The hostess assured us that a complimentary cake-like dessert with a complimentary candle could be afforded us, but that no special accommodations could be done.  Just the kind of service I would expect from a McDonald's.. . As an amateur critic for restaurants through several websites, I was dumbfounded, after our first experience, to see how unwilling your restaurant was at helping out its potentially-loyal patrons.. . Suffice it to say, we're boycotting the location and telling our friends and colleagues about the unfriendly service you seem to provide.  Actions are, after all, louder than words.. . Furthermore, I feel I am doing your company a service by allowing you to understand the situation that others (including myself) that have been subject to this kind of treatment.  It would benefit you to know you are losing significant business through this lack of courtesy.. . Please respond.  I was just growing to love your restaurant.  This experience has hindered that significantly.. . Your potentially Loyal Guest,. Tyler"
Extremely over priced.  Every meat dish was either overcooked, undercooked, or too fatty.  EVERY MEAT DISH was toooo SALTY!!!  The only thing decend was the sausage, but sausage is decent at McDonalds, too!. . $8.00 for a slice of cake, to boot!  $70 a head.  No way, no how.  And I'll tell others to stay away as well.
Dear Fellow Yelpers, . . I would like to deeply apologize for not listening to those of you who forewarned me about going to Texas De Brazil for my four year anniversary. I almost wish I just ended up going to Olive Garden instead. But, I should have listened to Debbie and gone to Rosemary's. But, the 25% coupon was just too hard to pass up and so made my decision that way. . . I made reservations for 7:45pm and was really excited about it because of all the hype that was given about the restaurant. My friends love it here, my ex-boss love it here, and most yelp reviewers are fond of this place. When we arrived, we gave them my name with the expectation of being seated immediately since we had a reservation. But, that wasn't the case. We were given one of those gadgets that light up when you're ready to be seated and was told it would be a few minutes. That was unusual for my boyfriend and myself. . . About 20 minutes had passed and we finally got seated. First of all, what is the point of having a reservation if we're not going to be seated at our reservation time? This isn't the doctors office. When we sat down, we didn't know exactly what to do until a few minutes later when our server came to bring us bread. She said we just get up to get food from the salad bar and when we're ready we turn the circle cardboard thing over to green to let the guys with meat know that we're ready for meat. If we wanted a break, we turn it back to red. It was interesting but definitely not impressive. Secondly, do we get our own plate or does someone bring us any plates for the meat? I had to ask a server how that worked. . . We got up to get food from the salad bar and found a whole a variety of different salads to choose from. It was definitely a different kind of salad bar and excitement came over me after seeing it. I chose little bits of everything so I can get a taste of it all. There was a red salad with cranberry that tasted decent, mushrooms with garlic was okay, cucumber salad was nothing exciting, sushi sucked, smoked salmon was really good, cheese and meat weren't impressive to me, etc. My boyfriend wasn't happy either. He said he's had better. Needless to say, our excitement dropped by a half. . . It was time for us to try the meat, and after turning the circle card over to green, a whole band of guys with meat kept coming to us with what they had in their skewers. The chicken wrapped in bacon wasn't anything special. The chicken wasn't moist enough; chicken with Parmesan was too salty; steak was really good and had enough flavor; lamb tasted like fish and was nasty! Don't get that unless you like the taste of old rotten fish; prime rib was also very tasty. . . After a few bites of the meat, we were just done. Twenty minutes of eating their food was more than enough and just called it quits. I think the only way we can enjoy the atmosphere there is if we were with a bunch of other people with a lot of alcohol in our system. To the right of us was a table with women cackling the whole time we were there. Not attractive to see and hear a woman cackle. So, Debbie definitely understand now why you went against the idea. . . We got our check and I presented her the 25% coupon we had and she had the nerve to educate me on letting someone know ahead of time that we had the coupon. Funny thing is when I made the reservations on line, there was a place where you can make comments and I made the comment that we had a coupon for 25%. I even called to make sure they knew about that. What amazed me above all else is how the server didn't even ask us how we enjoyed our food. It was prominent that we hated it there by just looking at our dull sullen faces. I could've raised a stink that the amount of money we paid was not worth the food they gave us. My bf and I wondered if our pallets are just not meant for expensive food. . . So, to all my fellow yelpers, I'm sorry for not listening to you. I will know better next time. This will not happen again. . . Sincerely, . . Sarah N.
If I could put negative 1 million stars I would place sucks, DO NOT COME HERE AND EXPECT TO BE SEATED, do your self a favor and not be lazy and find a better brazzilian BBQ place on the strip unless your willing to wait for 2 hours.
This is my second Texas de Brazil location. The Aruba location was absolutely delicious, so I had to visit this location with the boyfriend when we were in Las Vegas since they don't have any locations near us. I was so estatic to introduce him to eat here but unfortunately our dining experience wasn't that great. Most of their meats were heavily salted that our meal mostly consisted of drinking tons of water. Overall, tonight's dinner was the worst dinner we ever had, especially for their pricing and that we couldn't eat our money's worth. Definitely won't be coming back to this location. 1 star for staff friendliness.
A joke can't tell you how I really feel cause they removed it
Watch your fingers!!! My friends and I went to this restaurant expecting great food and great service. I have to admit the food was good, but the management at the restaurant was absolutely terrible! One of the servers cut my friend's finger with a knife. They were initially apologetic, however, when the manager came out he was the most ridiculous person I've ever met. He stated he would not comp the meal because the "cut was not that big" despite the blood soaked napkin my friend had on the table that suggested otherwise. He was unable to define how large the cut needed to be before he was willing to pay for the meal. He then began arguing with my friend as she was upset with the way he handled the situation. This place may have decent food, but this by far was MY WORST EXPERIENCE IN VEGAS!!!
Went there for dinner Thursday night. Collectively the entire staff gave me the worst experience I have had eating out. As i entered, The hostess didn't even acknowledge me, the bartender ran out of menus and told me to go get one for the host, the manager told me their food is expensive and it costs $45 per plate. Took me about 15 minutes just to get my first drink. Had the food been good, I would've been satisfied that the food would've compensated for the lousy service- it was not. . . Never ever will I go here and I will advise everyone I know not to as well.. . Avoid!!
Bad Customer Service. I just tried calling the Corporate Office about an issue and after they asked me how they could help and I started to explain they said OK and hung up on me. (Twice, same person).. . Also the Las Vegas location has been having poor service. It has been taking a long time for the water to be refilled and Meat skewers to stop at our table. They seem to always make it to larger tables but smaller tables in a corner or by the kitchen are often overlooked. We have asked for the manager the last 2 times to discuss the issues but they never showed up at our table. :( Me and my wife figure we would give it one last try before we gave up and was planning to go for our aniversery if we would have got the  Buy one get one free email, but we did not, just a champagne toast or dessert. :(  Guess I will skip this place from now on as I don't see things getting better at your location or corporate.  And don't wish to spend $100+ for bad service. Also when friends come to town we will have to find another nice place to go. (And friends come into town every other month). You have lost a long time customer. Maybe after there is new management there we will come back. Sad thing is you most likely will not even read this email as most cooperation's don't. :(
This place is a shadow of its former self. When it first open I was in love. I brought all my friends and a family and was a strong advocator of the great quality of meat and flavor they had to offer.Now the meat tastes like bad vons brand and the only you will taste (and continue to taste long after you leave) is salt. i love salt but i couldn't eat anymore after a while. Not because of how full I was but because my tongue hurt from all the sodium. I really thought this was a fluke because this place was it for me but alas they still suck this hard 3 times later. i guess we have to part ways Texas de Brazil. And it definitely is you not me :(
I cannot stand this place. Servers were rude and the food was not very good. I got better service at fast food. don't do it4!
FOOD POISONING. Salad bar. Husband and I both within six hours of eating here, sick for 72 hours, missed work, N e v e r   A g a i n.
Sorry to say, but I did not like it at all here. The hubby and I came here for dinner on a weekday.  Even though we got there when they just opened and there were plenty of open tables, the hostess gave us one of the light devices and told us to wait till they had a table ready.  Needless to say, we had to wait about 20 minutes (mind you: they still had all those empty tables). Anyway, when we were seated we ordered our drinks and went to the salad bar- not that many options.  The sides that came to the table were ok, except for the plantains.  Those where probably the best part of the entire meal.  The meats were all too salty for us and even our drinks were not that good.  Long story short, not coming here again.
Not my favorite.  I didn't like the style of bringing the meat to the table.
food is great, no doubt about this.  after listening to my son's story, now, i have the biggest complain i have to vent out via yelp.  . . the manager here by the name, favio (spelling?) and the waiter/waitress took advantage of about 30+ senior students from shadow ridge high school.  i believe these seniors made their reservation a week or 2 prior to their prom dinner get-together and these senior students have told the tdb reservation desk person that some participants will only do the salad bar,  they were confirmed that this was okay.. . on april 27, 2013, around 5:30 p.m., the actual day of the reservation date, these kids showed up at this location and they asked again the staff at texas de brazil to confirm:  "some will only do the salad bar."  to their surprise, the waiter/waitress and the manager turned around what these kids were originally confirmed from the day of reservation.  they were forced to purchase the full buffet price for $130.66 per couple (including tax and 20% gratuity).  the waiter and the manager, favio, took advantage of these poor teenagers because they have no older person with them to defend themselves.. . some guests who just wanted the salad bar were forced to pay for the full buffet price that they did not even eat...some are vegetarians that simply do not eat meat at all  and some just simply can't afford to pay the full-price... they joined just to be with each other for their last day get-together.  this is supposed to be an special and happy occassion for them, but it turned out to be a nightmare!  instead of enjoying their food,  it turned out to be a horrible experience!  i told my son, they should have left that place at once!  poor kids did not know what to do...they all thought, they were stucked and left no choice but to stay.  besides, it will be a last minute thing to go somewhere else for 30+ guests.  i was soooo furious!...and this is why i am writing this review.. . how can such people take advantage of these poor kids and just got robbed blind?!  parents:  beware of this kind of people that works at texas de brazil near town square, you should warn your kids not to eat at this place!  they are cheaters and liars!  i will never ever come back and my family at this location to eat and i will tell all my friends about how horrible experience to dine at this place of texas de brazil!!!
I am not going to discuss the food.  Enough other people can do that.  I am very unhappy about my bill.  My total bill was $89.  I left a generous 20% tip, which included the "real" price before my coupon.  What my credit card was charged was $224.  It took two and a half days to clear through my bank account for what I authorized, which was $113.  . . This practice is completely unacceptable and unethical.  Credit card users beware.
False advertising!  I got a birthday coupon for a BOGO meal.  The first line says "We want to help you celebrate your birthday." Since I'm not rich enough to pay $50 per person for one meal, this is a "special occasion" type of place.  We decided to use the coupon for my birthday.  A few nights before my birthday, I noticed the coupon said "not valid on Saturdays."  My birthday falls on a Saturday.  We already had other plans ON my birthday.  We called to see if they would honor the coupon ON my actual birthday, since it was my birthday and not just a random Saturday.  The manager said the coupon is just to bring people in during the week and that they don't care about the birthday.. . Good to know.  I'll care about your business as much as you care about my birthday
Decent food, but nothing to rave about. The worst thing about this place is you can't enjoy the food you eat because its so damn COLD! I get that it's summertime in Vegas but come on! It was unbearable!! The food is not worth the bad experience.
Food was great and the servers were great but the manager was rudeand unprofessional.  Sorry but Vegas is full of great places to eat so we will not be returning.
