I was staying at a hotel about .8 miles away as I was going to the Fiesta Bowl, and I noticed that they had an ad about delivering food to the hotel. Then I started reading the small print. Does not include tip, tax, $3 set up charge, etc. I decided to go there so I called. I told the girl where I was staying, lots of one way streets, etc. and asked for directions from my hotel. Lots of um's and ah's and she then asked me to wait until she got someone else on the phone. I almost hung up and then another dizzy girl picked up and she started stammering and stuttering without any clear directions, until she told me to wait until she got someone else on the phone, and I said, "never mind" and hung up. I went to the front desk at the hotel and the woman there gave me clear directions in about  2 minutes. I was on the phone with the two dingbats for about 15 to 20 minutes. I drove over and it took about 5 minutes to get there. I walked in and the restaurant was packed, so I went into the lounge to see if I could order in there. As I was walking about, I received "hard" looks from the guys on duty there, bouncers I guess. I looked at the jerk, turned around and went to the reception area and asked one of the young ladies how long it would take for a table for one. She said about an hour and a half. I asked her if she was serious and she said "yes", so I left. When I got back to the hotel, I tried to order take out without success. Even though it was before 9PM and the order form said that they delivered up to that time, they said they were not delivering. I gues it was because it was New Years Eve. When I went to the office to look for another restaurant, I met some UConn fans, and as I was talking with them about Bobby Q, they said that Bobby Q wasn't that great when compared to a few CT barbecue places or some Southern places they visited in Charlotte during another bowl game. The famous cornbread did not live up to its rep, so I felt better. Then, they asked if I wanted to try some of their food. They had a bunch of leftovers, that they weren't going to eat, and I had a microwave in my room. Like them, I wasn't impressed with either the food or the famous sauce. More hype than good food, an incompetent wait staff, and nasty looking guys in the lounge does not look like a good time to me. Sorry Bobby Q.
So I have been here twice now and had two VERY different experiences. The first being on a Saturday night. Service was excellent and the food I thought was delicious. My husband had the steak and he was it was just okay, but he is a food weirdo, so I would take his opinion like a grain of salt. I had the brisket, baby backs, and pulled pork. All were delish. I had the mashed potatoes and corn on the side and thy were really good too.. . The second time we were there was last night, Monday. It was my birthday so I wanted someplace yummy so I chose Bobby Q's. Let me start by saying the waiter was young and had serious time management issues. He took our drink order, dropped the drinks and ran. Didn't ask if we wanted a appetizer, which we did, so strike one. I get my meal and its missing the brisket and the waiter was no where to be found. Finally he comes out and I ask for the brisket and he brings it and its cold. Again we have to wait for the waiter and in the meantime our drinks were empty and we needed refills, strike 2. Then I get to the beef ribs on my plate and they taste like soap, no joke. By the way, I am still waiting for the waiter. At this point I am livid. Waiter shows up, I ask for manager. Manager comes I explain my brisket being cold, ribs taste like soap, waiter sucks....He offers me something else, I said no thanks, I lost my appetite. He offers dessert, of course my 7 year old, begs for me to say okay, so I said okay we will try the peach cobbler. We get the cobbler and it was nasty!!!! Tasted like onions...Way nasty....Strike 11000000.... Never coming back , EVER....Sad because I liked this place the first time...This being said, our bill was still over 30 bucks even with mine taken off the bill. One adult and one child and an appetizer and no alcohol???? Still a little steep for a customer who is pissed....
Only good on Tuesday. Watch out for the door man with butter teeth!
It's not down-home BBQ; hell, it's not even GOOD BBQ. However, if you have more money than taste, Bobby Q will suit you just fine (doucher-heaven). Apparently this is not a national chain, but they sure did make it look, taste, and act like one. The waitress sounded like a sad, embarrassed corporate robot giving us a memorized recitation about their aged beef stash and some special "gourmet" appetizer that is actually just a taquito (yawn). The chicken and pulled-pork were both CHEWY, not tender, and the pork is FATTY (CHUNKS-O-FAT) and had to be picked through. The sauce on the chicken is an ABOMINATION and shouldn't even be referred to as BBQ SAUCE. PORTIONS ARE SMALL! The corn bread is DAMP with greasy vegetable oil and falls apart in your hand. An old, dusty flap of kale was laid on the plate for a garnish. Many reviewers mention the tiny, OIL-SOAKED, mini-donuts that the hostesses are making (as a side job/not much training) by the door on the way out as something that really impressed them. How drunk must they have been at that point? It's just depressing to even think about really...A place better forgotten...
I have absolutely no idea how this place has so many great reviews. We were in the mood for bbq one recent Saturday night and the place we wanted to try only stayed open until 7, so we found this place on yelp and decided with so many great reviews, we should give it a try. . . Let's just say the cornbread was the highlight of the meal and I've had better cornbread. We ordered the Three Meat Combo and chose the St. Louis Style Ribs (they were out of the Baby Back Ribs), the brisket and the pulled pork. For our sides, we got the mac & cheese and the ranch style beans. The beans were good and the ribs were just ok. The mac & cheese was definitely not up to par. The brisket had so much fat on it, it wasn't even edible and I had to drown the pulled pork in bbq sauce to eat it.. . Minutes after we were given our food, they asked if we wanted boxes, and then came back a few minutes later and did the same thing. Not good service. Also - I was excited about the free mini donuts they give you to go. But - they're so bad, they're not even worth eating.. . Pretty sure we won't be coming back here.
Happy Hour in a BBQ joint and these dumb country bumpkins decide to enforce a dress code at 5pm??? They have an outdoor patio and its 100 degrees - I'm not dressing up to eat your BBQ, especially when there are plenty of more reasonably priced places around town. Ok, the BBQ buffet was free, but they aren't bringing out their A game stuff for free. I made it past the "host" stand where there was some grumpy bouncer (for happy hour?), but then as I reached the back, another security guard (making $9hr) escorts me back to the front without saying anything. Then big bouncer with no brains or customer service ability (do they ever?) says I can't wear athletic shorts. He claimed he was a manager, but no way in hell did that guy manage anything, more or less have a college degree. Suddenly, we are in an argument, he is pointing out a sandwich board sign with about 20 different rules for dressing up to enter happy Hour and all I wanted to do was punch the dude. I ended up calling him a fat piece of ....and left determined noit to visit this place anymore. Maybe after 9pm put a dress code in, but that poilicy is just plain dumb. Just cause I wasn't wearing pretty shorts or a belt - well screw you Booby Q.
Beware of STRICT dress code.  It was really difficult to find this place, it's off a frontage road off I-17 amidst a number of drug infested apartments that have weekly rates as low as $109!  NO JOKE!!  I was wearing jeans, a collared shirt, sweatshirt, and sandals...  My friend and I were meeting a group here to celebrate someone's birthday.  We get to the front and their was no one around, so we stood there for about 5 minutes and some guy with a crooked red tie shows up, looks half awake, mumbles, and in the end says I can't get in because of their strict dresscode.  Meanwhile a guy walks passed me wearing sweats and beat up tennis shoes.  STRICT DRESS CODE??  This place had one chance and they blew it.  The guy was a real jerk.  For that I will NEVER come back, and plus it isn't in a safe neighborhood.  If you come, make sure you have at least beat up shoes and come by cab, you don't want to park your car in this neighborhood.
Worst customer service this evening!! Which was none. We sat at our table for 10 minutes with no server coming to our table. After a table behind us had people seated and within 2 minutes they had a server take their drink orders. We got up and left. We won't be returning.
This place is a joke, or Yelp is!!  I drove all the way down from Anthem to eat on a Saturday night cause the yelp has they're hours posted as open till 11pm on Saturdays got there at 10:10 an was fold the kitchen closes at 10:00 on Saturdays. Even if its Yelps fault the management is still at fault for not updating or correcting hours.
Once again I don't understand these high reviews they must have not ate at the same restaurant that I ate at. Everything I ate was extremely greasy/ fattening and artificial tasting. The free corn bread they bring out was so buttery and greasy I couldn't eat it. Next my girlfriend and I shared two entrees, the pork ribs with mac n cheese and fries, and the pulled pork with corn and cole slaw. The ribs were so fatty and the quality of meat was not up to par. The pulled pork had a nice flavor but made me feel very ill once I was done. The corn was a joke, it was super water logged and they left the unwanted part of the corn on top as a garnish.
Thumbs down. Service is terrible!
