I won't even venture to guess why so many people like this place. But a few notes: no, it is nothing like a European cafe; no, it is not an actual wine bar; yes the service absolutely sucks.. . We came here for a friend's birthday party. Her mother had arranged ahead of time for 10 of us to be there and to have wine brought to the tables and poured and some appetizers brought out while we were waiting for the guest of honor. But before that, let's start with parking. . . You can't park in the residential streets because you need a permit. Fine. I heard they had a valet and there's nothing on their website about parking so, whatever. I head to the valet who asks me if I am dining at Postino's or La Grande Orange. I say Postino's and he says "Ok, that's $3." I asked if they seriously were charging me for valet parking based on which restaurant I was going to and they wouldn't answer. I asked if there was an ATM since I had no cash and they told me there is one but it doesn't work. I got back in my car and drove around looking for a place to park for about 15 minutes. Fantastic.. . When I get there, about 6 girls from the party are standing at the front waiting for someone to notice them. Finally, a very unfriendly gentleman pointed to two tables and said "Those are yours. Those other tables where people are eating are also yours but they're not done yet. We told them when they were seated they needed to be done in an hour but they're still there." Ok, so now we only have two of our four tables. Great. Finally they seat us at our two tables. Another unfriendly staff member comes over and plunks down a few wine glasses and asks if we want a glass of temperanillo. She pours one of the girls a random taste and then walks away. Upon her return I asked if this was the wine we were supposed to have because it was a Malbec. She argued with me about that for a few minutes until I pointed to the label. She said "Oh" and walked away. I never did find out if we were supposed to have the Malbec.. . At this point, the other two tables had been cleared. No one brought any other glasses or put the tables together, so we did it. Also, no one opened the other bottles, and yes they were screwtop, but still. So I opened them. Finally, everyone else arrived. We still only had 4 wine glasses. After trying in vain for several minutes we finally managed to flag down the unfriendly woman and asked for more wine glasses to which she responded, rudely "We don't have any more." and walked away. I had to ask three different rude, uninterested staff members for wine glasses and managed to finally get another few but still, not everyone ended up with a glass. . . Seriously? Anyway, the bruschetta came out. While the menu offers a lof of different ones, they are all so deplorably bland and under-seasoned that they felt unfinished. The fig, marscapone and prosciutto should have been good but the poor pig that gave its life was disgraced. Dry, flavorless. Most of the bread pieces weren't even cut all the way through so we were all man-handling the pieces to get them apart. The bread was obviously just grocery store bread and I doubt anything is truly hand-made. The issue is, the quality of their ingredients sucks. They obviously buy the cheapest grocery store crap they can and then mark it up. Everything, even the apples on one of the bruschettas were lacking in any real flavor when they should have been tart and crisp instead of dull and mealy. . . And as for a wine bar? Seriously. A joke. They have a half of a sheet of paper, one side, as their wine list. No flights, no tastings. But for the audience it attracts who are easily impressed by over-priced glop and wine in a trendy area, they'll continue to do just fine. I will never be back.
I try to like you Postinos, I really do but you make it so hard.  Came on a Tuesday for their 8 PM $20 Bottle of wine and bruschetta special and left disappointed and annoyed.. . The parking lot disaster strikes again!  LGO now put up signs saying 25 min parking for LGO customers only and has a lot monkey stationed to chase away people trying to park in those spaces.  I was told by the lot monkey that I could valet ($3 charge) or I could park 3 blocks away if I didn't want to pay the fee.  Keep in mind this is a Tuesday and I have to pay to park my car because the restaurant blocks off all the spaces.. . Once seated my friend and I tried to catch up for a moment when the server came over to take our drink orders.  Since we had just sat down we asked for some time to take a look at the menu.  Our server came back a few minutes later and asked if we were ready to order.  No suggestions on a wine, no questions if we had questions, just "you ready to order?". . We ordered a bottle and bruschetta and our waiter disappeared.  For the rest of the night.  I watched him refill wine glasses at other tables, ours was brought by another server.  Other tables had their plates cleared when they were finished, ours sat in front of us until another server took them away.  Our server obviously didn't want our business because about an hour after we sat down he came back to the table and asked if we were interested in any dessert.  We said no and he immediately dropped the check on the table and left.  No offer of another round of drinks, just here is your check.. . The wine we had was amazing and was a steal at the price plus the bruschetta.  The bruschetta themselves were half assed.  3 of the 4 weren't even sliced all the way through but over all they were decent.. . Yet again Postinos shows they want my money but not my patronage.  I don't understand how I am the only one who keeps having horrible experiences here?
I totally 100% agree w Serianna T.. . I have felt the same way about the seating, and parking and mediocre foods... Postino and LGO are complete cluster F***s for anyone who plans on driving there. I also feel like the general atmosphere is trying so hard to be relaxed and casual that it is stressful for the guests.
Ahh Postino Wine Bar... Or is it Postinos? Or Postino Wine Cafe? Whatever! . . I would definitely consider myself a Postino expert. Postino was a go to for countless dates of mine. I have been to all of the locations and my experience at this location has unfortunately changed. . . When I first stated going to this Postino I loved it! Me and my roommate would visit every Sunday religiously. We always got great service! Food was fantastic and timely. But it seems as if the the 40th street location is either under new management or just has new rude employees. I no longer go to this location because of a couple negative encounters with servers. I had no idea it was there business how many women I take on dates there. You would think the business would be appreciated. I was shocked when a server made a snide comment about my dating habits right in front of a lady friend. I would have been pretty pissed if that was an actual date. Very unprofessional staff at this location!. . I recommend going to the newer Central & Camelback location if you are planning on visiting Postino. . . Pros:. - cheap tasty bruschetta. - reasonable wine prices. - decent beers on tap. - crazy fast but borderline annoying water refills. - short wait times. . Cons. - rude servers. - shallow menu. - bad for taking dates
Went yesterday for the first time. It gets one star because the food was yummy. Got the choose two- Nine Iron sandwich with Mediterranean salad. Very good. Lost a star because parking is horrible despite the free but really not free valet parking. Lost a star because I do not like eating up. Meaning the table was so low you have a lot of distance to the mouth and more opportunity to spill. Lost a star because I don't like eating in my living room. Why are restaurants now making their dining room a living room? If you want to do the sofa and chair thing do it outside. Not fond of high tops either. Lost a star because they opened the garage door. We chose to sit inside for a reason. They opened it and all of a sudden it was 60 degrees.
