This place is overhyped. . . The service is awful. Order a dill pickle & get a sour. Order turkey and get smoked meat. Basically you are given whatever the server is in the mood to give you. . . And the smoked meat is rather bland. Perhaps I am spoiled coming from NY and being surrounded by some of the best delis in the world but my personal opinion is that the meat at Schwartz is mediocre at best. Not worth the wait or hassle.
What a mistake to go to this place on the recommendation of Anthony Bourdain. I like and watch Bourdain all the time, but Schwartz's is not worth his recommendation because it is over priced and the food is not special.. . We walked from the Marriott Champlain to Schwartz's, a trip taking about an hour, uphill, through some of Montreal's most unusual neighbourhoods. Thank you Google and Apple for not converting the metric system on our phone to milesinstead of kilometre's. If I knew then what I known now I would have summoned a cab or rented an electric bike.. . We arrived when no crowd were lined up about 4 pm to be personally greeted by the owner who unequivocally proclaimed the service was terrible. What he left out was the "smoked meat" tasted like a poor Canadian version of pastrami without NYC pastrami zing. . . The price for three soft drinks, two smoked meat sandwiches, pickles and lousy service, terrible seats and disappointment was over $60.00 US dollars. CASH ONLY. . . Never going back to Schwartz's and thinking twice about any place Anthony Bourdain recommends because he is wrong about this place and should warn tourists about it, rather than drive them to it. . . Bourdain is now on the same list as Guy Fieri because both pitchmen are splendid con artists of the first calibre!
Forget the line up this place has gone down hill and the owners do not care.. the cost of spice is up and thus they have cut back sooo much that the taste is gone. The qulity of the beef is now tough. Told the owners and they just don't care.. as long as the line ups are long the taste will keep getting poorer. Wow I have been coming here for over 40 years and I have watched the food get poorer and poorer, now it is not even average any more
Racist and rude staff. The staff here are rude and arrogant. I politely asked waiter if there's any table as the place was empty at that time. He said read the sign and made a racist comments. I have dined over the world from street food in Japan and Madrid to 3 star Michelin restaurants in Paris and NYC. Schwartz's is the place I would remember as I got the worst treatment in any restaurant establishment in my life.
Absolutely terrible. All hype, no delivery. Meat was dry and bland, service was rude, don't know why people would wait over an hour for a sandwich that deserves zero recognition. AVOID - and thank me later
Ah je suis desolee de tout casser... Il est vrai que tous les gouts sont dans la nature, mais la ca en est la preuve. C'est la premiere fois que je ne comprends pas la longue file d'attente sur le trottoir. A chaque fois... Quel est cet engouement?! Des gens venant de partout... pour gouter ce met... Rien, absolument rien d'original! . Mais il faut tester apparemment, alors je ne vous dirais pas le contraire. Ainsi chacun peut en faire son experience, mais le mienne en est restee a une seule visite.. Sans parler que la place est minuscule. Rien d'allechant.
I was all worked up for this so called fantastic smoked meat sandwich and my son and I went and tried it we were deeply disappointed. We ordered the smoked meat sandwich and cherry cola and I asked does a pickle come with it and he said oh yes of course. The sandwich was terrible and I have had better at dunns or your neighborhood restaurant and then I got the bill for this disapointment and it was a whopping 22.00 dollars never again will I go there waste of money and time.
