One of the Worst Buffets I've ever been to!  I've had better quality cuts at the Sizzler!. . Service = Atrocious.  . . We arrive with 10 people.  The hostess tells us that any group larger than 6 is an automatic 18% gratuity.  This is perfectly fine and is the standard for every restaurant I've dined at.  Servers should be tipped fairly; however, the restaurant MUST accommodate the large group by seating them together.  Otherwise it is two separate parties!  They seat 10 of us at two separate tables after charging the 18% gratuity.  We ask why this happens, and they send a manager to tell us that standard policy is to charge 18% for large parties.  But how can you separate the large group, yet still charge as a whole??  The manager explains that they can't properly accommodate seating 10 people together because of the limitations of the seating.  We're not going to argue over this.  It's absurd.. . The layout of the buffet is awful.  They force you to walk down a circular maze of tiny corridors, which forces the customer to look at each item and deny it, without the possibility of getting an overview of where everything is.  You want seafood?  You can't just go to it.  You have to wait in this absurdly long line till everyone else at the buffet is finished getting all of  their portions.  This means that you end up waiting nearly 10-15 minutes if you wanted to get something at the end of the line (seafood), even if you didn't want anything from the beginning of the line!  "Why not just cut in line," you ask!  Doing this would be asking for trouble because of the layout of the buffet.  It would literally be like cutting in front of someone who is waiting to get their food.  As upset as I was for attending this place, in no way would I take it out on other paying customers.  . . The waitress made several errors on our drinks and kept laughing it off.  It was completely unprofessional.  Mistakes happen, and no one expects perfection.  But to screw up orders on several occasions and laugh it off is out of line.  The server actually stepped on my feet while reaching all the way over the table to fill someone's cup of soda.  Why not walk over to the other side and pour their drink?. . . Quality of Food = POOR. . It is obvious that the food has been left out for hours.  They boast and brag about 500 items on the menu, but the meats are not quality cuts.  Furthermore, they are prepared poorly.  I've had better quality at Commerce Casino in Compton!  . . . Garbage Service . Garbage Food Quality. Poor Management. . STAY AWAY!
This was my second time doing the Buffet of Buffets pass this year http://www.caesars.com/total/las-vegas/buffet-of-buffets/ and I was excited to learn that Bacchanal was added to the list.. . We knew there would probably be a wait for dinner and that it would cost an additional $15 per person beyond the pass price, but figured it was worth a try.. . We went on a Sunday night and started waiting in line around 7:30pm, and didn't get in until 9pm...by which point we were starving. [Since they close at 10pm, it was also unclear as to whether we would really get in or not, but it didn't seem like they actually cut anyone off. The cashiers and servers were pleasant, although it took us a long time to get our drinks.]. . Despite the massive line and the 90-minute wait, there was a ton of empty tables, which makes me wonder if they're just understaffed/not able to handle the capacity of the restaurant.. . The food was okay, nothing to write home about--the sushi looked gross and the selection was not as interesting as some of the other buffets. The most impressive part of it was probably the dessert spread (which we didn't try). I'm not sure what people think is so amazing about it besides the novelty factor.. . But the first reason for the 1-star rating is that BOTH of us got sick right after eating there. The only two foods that we both had were the shrimp and the oysters, and we're guessing it's the latter that did it. The second reason for the rating is that we followed up with the restaurant the following morning to report our food poisoning. We started by calling Caesar's corporate customer service, and the lady I spoke with took a report and said she would get back to me in 24-48 hours. Not only did she not get back to me, when I called the same office to follow up after 48 hours, they said that no one there had any recollection of having spoken to me, and that food illnesses have to be reported to a different office anyway (their security department). So, I went through the process all over with them, and then THEY passed on my case to their insurance company (talk about making the customer jump through hoops). Then I had to follow up with insurance on the case--they would not call me. At no point in this process did any of the people I spoke with seem apologetic that we got food poisoning at their buffet, and instead seemed to question whether we really did get sick because of their food. (Which we absolutely did--we were both sick very soon after eating there and did not recover until the following day--totally ruining our plans to go out that night.) Finally, I get a sterile letter from the insurance company saying that Caesar's is in no way at fault for the situation, but that they still hope to see me back.. . As if. . . I'm so disappointed with the complete lack of customer service that I don't want to patronize Caesar's again--for ANY of their buffets. It's not worth it spending money at a hotel that can't even apologize for getting their customers sick and ruining their vacation plans. The least they could have done was to refund our money for that meal, especially after all the time I had to spend on the phone with them.
While we aren't Las Vegas Buffett experts, we've experienced our fair share of buffets.  Elaborate ones in fancy international hotels, Mother's Day spreads, ordinary/average ones, etc.  Not once..ONCE, have we experienced food poisoning (even the "SEAFOOD" buffet at the Rio-and we were so skeptical that we would get food poisoning there because of the seafood scenario-nope..we were fine)  That all changed here. . If you've read other reviews about Bacchanal Buffet, or read a newspaper/internet article-you know this place is brand new, a lot of $$$ was put into the project, everything is presented nice, the food options have massive variety, and the style and substance were expected to be on the same wave-length.  . . The girl I went with was also supposed to post a review-ONE STAR.  So, in this sea of 4 and 5 star summaries, there should be another ONE STAR review in the mix when filtered by date.. . Anyway, should we have avoided the Oysters? Probably.  Living in Seattle, Oysters can be consumed rather easily.  You always hear people say "beware of shellfish at the buffet", "don't eat oysters at buffets" "try everything but the oysters" "you might want to be careful about eating oysters".  However, this buffet had such a glowing reputation, the reviews we read before we went were all first class/5 star, we said "you know what? We're going to eat oysters...they look good, they don't smell off, and we're hungry..real hungry".  . . BIG MISTAKE..both of us were throwing up about an hour after the meal.  We can discuss all the other stuff we ate, but that's not really relevant.  The point of the matter is that the oysters (and shrimp, but those were cooked)   were had by both of us.  Simple connecting of dots.. . Now we can all say "that's your fault for eating oysters..you knew the risk..stick to cook foods at a buffet..use your noodle..that's an isolated experience..1 star is kind of harsh, dontcha think?" while those arguments can be made, it wasn't just the food poisoning scenario that factors into this rating, it was what happened after.. . The next morning, she called Caesar's to complain, she talked to them for a little while, and it seemed as if the person on the other line was making notes of all that happened.  Why else would they tell her"we'll get back to you within 48 hours".  That makes too much sense...Oh..but what happened 48 hours later?  She called back, and was told there was no documentation of the original call..Can't make it up.  Not only that, but she was told that she needs to call their security department...they also thought we were making this story up, as if it was strictly about getting a refund..yeah, let's just make this elaborate scheme for $45..wake up. . What did the security department do? Apparently they passed it on to Caesar's insurance department.  She was told that she needed to call them back to follow-up, not the other way around..Hospitality folks!  She did call back, and again the story about us getting sick was questioned... . Eventually she got a letter explaining that Caesar's wasn't at fault..no "we are sorry you had an unpleasant experience"..nothing... . I'm sure if you avoid the Oysters, you'll be fine..but gee whiz..atrocious customer service..we're not picky..we're not demanding..we just expect common courtesy/common sense/logic to be in the mix when something like this happens..and it didn't. . #endrant. . PS-Planet Hollywood's Buffet is pretty good, though..Paris' too!
Ok. So I was so pumped about this place that I went a second time and took my family that was visiting from hawai!! Sure, the wait was 2hours long, but I told them it was going to be WORTH IT. Yes, $37.00 was pushing it..... which was what we paid the last time we came, but I told them they'd get their moneys worth. . . We finally get to the front where we pay for out entrance, and the lady said it was "$44"  automatically im thinking, HOLY CRAP WE WERE JUST HERE and the price was not 44. She said the price changed a few days ago. Well, they should have put up a sign or something, how was I to know that?! the 37.00 was still plastered all over the website! I figured FINE, we already waited 2 hours, we might as well.  I asked for a party of 8, and she said they couldnt do more than 4 per table!! I was in shock! I mean i knew that they were busy, but one of the tings I loved about this buffet when I was there the last time was the big huge round tables they had to accommodate large groups! Right then and there I asked to speak with a supervisor, and even she was rude.  She said, and i quote , "Maam, you can clearly see were busy, we cant take big parties on one table." I told her Id be willing to wait, and she told me it was going to be "Another 2 hours" I was upset, so I just took it and said fine, give us 2 separate tables.. . So we get to our table, and get this. they sit us near 4 EMPTY huge tables that seat a part of 8!!!!! I was LIVID. i went up to the front and told them about it and they said that they didnt have a server for the section, even though it was 2 feet away from us! . . Oh, and it gets worse.... so we've already waited 2 hours in line right? Just the line alone to get to the food was ridiculous!!! I waited for 15 in just for crab legs..... when I went to the asian section to get the roasted duck that I wanted, it was COMPLETELY empty, and had to wait for that too.... and a lot of the stuff they used to have when I first went there was GONE.. . Overall, $44 for a buffet? Bad Service? Not enough food? Long waits? SOOOOO OVERRATED! I wont ever go back, I can get way better food for $44 and wayyy better service and not have to wait as long.  Wicked spoon at the  Cosmo is now my new Number 1!!!
Update.....price is now $44 for dinner. OMG I don't get these reviews at all. I live in LV so I admit that I resist buffets but we had visitors in town so we had this at the top of our list. First of all, we get in line and a pleasant employee tells us the line is 90 minutes at our point but we can each buy a $15 fast pass so we can zip into the vip line. Well, we decided to decline that generous offer and lo and behold.....the 90 minute line was actually 40 minutes. Just a ploy to get you to part with more money. When we did get in, there were multiple empty tables that stayed empty the entire time we dined. Seems like they just want to build excitement and keep the buffet line long so they can sell some more of those "fast passes". . . The buffet stations were ill kept and congested. There were a few small plate standouts, but the bbq station had one guy trying to carve for too many folks. The server NEVER brought us refills and our plates stacked up around us. It appeared that they did not have enough bus help or servers on the floor. I hate it when I am surrounded by dirty dishes. It certainly did not live up to the reputation many have expressed here. Really LOUD too!. . King crab was the worst quality I have EVER eaten. What a joke! Desserts were beautiful, but after a bite of several, I left them on my plate. UGH! Lousy quality for such lovely looking plates. The diabetic dessert consisted of three choices. I am only grateful that we tried this before we wasted a ton of money bringing our family members here during the holiday.. . Like I said, I don't care for buffets, but if I were to consider any, I would go to the "M" resort with way better service, food & ambiance and even free wine and beer with the buffet. Please don't buy all the hype. We all thought it was one overpriced slop shop.
I was in Vegas celebrating my birthday early with my family, my mother really wanted to try the new $17 million dollar Caesars Buffet. We go for lunch and the line was worse than Space Mountain at Disney. We see a sign for a $15 line pass. This by the way is the only dollar amount being marketed in the buffet area. This entire area is a giant fail by the marketing department. There are no prices listed for the buffet. There are no prices listed for the special 24 hour buffet pass. People are getting to the cashier, which at 1pm on a Saturday, there is only one cashier, one cashier - and they are walking away at the ridiculous prices! Caesars, put up marketing materials, tell us how much the buffet costs. I was at wicked spoon and they tell you everything before you stand in line. Tell us the $15 line pass is per person. Tell us that if you come back the next morning, you'll have to pay another $15 to not wait in the line after you've already spent $65 a person plus tax and tip. Well after complaining to the manager, we finally sat down for the buffet. I liked the buffet, the food was tasty. I didn't overeat or go overboard because I was saving my appetite for my birthday dinner. Well, a few hours later, I'm gambling at the Wynn and it hit me. I got really sick to my stomach. I did make it to my bday dinner before I had to leave and spend the rest of my trip and a few min before my flight out in the bathroom. Thanks Caesars Buffet!
The 1-star is for the wait and the way management dealt with the situation. I waited for basically 3 hours. Some people behind us in line waited over an hour and were turned away! Then they told us that essentially we would only have ~30 minutes to get food. Um, really? After waiting an hour, we discovered that we could have paid $15 extra to skip the line. We wished we knew that earlier, but at that point, didn't think it'd take another 90+ minutes to get seated. Once inside, the place was half empty and plenty of food. I went in feeling so frantic that it took half an hour just to relax and enjoy my dinner. . . The manager should have told us when we paid not to worry that the food will stopped being served in 30 minutes, but that it would plenty of time to enjoy. Because the way told us (with fear in her eyes) freaked me out. And honestly, there was more than enough time, I didn't have to run around piling plates on the table. I could have made 2 or 3 trips of smaller plates. Summary - overall, one star because of the horrible wait and customer service. Management should really work in this area.. . For the food itself, it really is a 4.5 star buffet: . Oysters - 5 stars, made sure to get at least half a dozen to get my moneys worth. They aren't as good as shucking your own up in Tomales Bay, but they do look like Sweetwaters. Most importantly, they are juicy and plump and tasty.. Crab legs - 4 stars. Shrimp - eh, 2 stars. seemed undercooked, not cripsy but plasticy, and were gross. I ended up wasting a lot of these because I got so many the first round, and they were gross.. Dim Sum - 5 stars, just as good as the best in the Bay. The hao gao and shu mai were good, but the Shangheinese dumpling was the best. Super juicy. . Hot meats - 4 stars, co-worker really, really enjoyed the lamb. Nigiri - 4 stars, only 2 types, salmon and tuna, but both nice and fresh. The nigiri is kinda hidden away though. It's hidden in a corner and easy to miss if you're not looking for it.. Charcuterie - 5 stars, lots and lots of coppa and other good stuff. Cheese - 3 stars. tillamook, really? Tillamook is good, but they could definitely improve the cheese selection. There were no soft cheeses :( . Beverage selection - 2 stars because there are only 2 wines by the glass. Seriously, meh. I would have loved a glass of Sauv Blanc for $7, but the bottles are $25 and  you know those are $10 at BevMo. Skip.. Environment - 4 stars. The place is brand new and designed, it's pretty and relaxing. Unfortunately due to the experience above, it took 30 minutes to relax after getting in there. Management has some BIG KINKS to work out. I won't be back for quite a while.
My wife heard so many raves about this damn place and dragged me here. You know what happens to your manhood if you don't obey.. So, we came.. We arrived around 2:30 on Friday nov 9th. There was no lines. That was a sign but we paid 68.00 for both and started our adventure. . The buffet selection was bad. The only good thing came out of this was around 3pm they started bringing out crab legs for dinner. We got to try some but the crabs were crap (way too salty and not edible)  also frozen. . Bottomline, overpriced over rated. I was very disturbed and will never come back.
We just went to this "high end" buffet on Sunda (11/11/12) and it is HANDS DOWN the worst buffet I have been to.  Oh, and the cost for 2....$118!. . First of all, the line was extremely long.  And I get this, as most buffet lines are long.  but there isno organization at all.  There are no employees to tell you where to go, when to go pay at the register, who's turn it is, etc.  Even the poor cashiers were confused and had no idea who was next in line.  We stood in the "Express Line" as we decided to fork over the extra $15/person so we didn't have to wait in the regular line.  Although we only had 3 other parties in front of us, we still waited for over 20 minutes.. . So we finally get in, get seated and grab our plates.  Now keep in mind, this is supposed to be a very high end buffet.  There is NOTHING amazing, upscale, etc. about this buffet.  We ate at the Planet Hollywood buffet on Saturday, and it was so much better!  The Bacchanal buffet features various stations, but of course they dont have any signs, so you have NO CLUE what you are in line for.  The sushi stations is the smallest I have ever seen, and it's the usual california roll and spicy tuna.  SUSHI WAS NASTY!!!. . Everything else I tasted was NOT FRESH, NOT TASTY, and certainly NOT WORTH $118!. . This was the first and only buffet review I have ever done, as I have NEVER been so dissapointed.. . If you want a great buffet, go to Wicked Sppon at Cosmopolitan or the Bellagio buffet.  Planet Hollywood is a good 3/5 as well.  But trust me on this one, stay away from Bacchanal until they get their crap together.
Gary W. Loveman. Caesars Investor Relations. One Caesars Palace Drive. Las Vegas, NV 89109. . RE: Bacchanal--11/10/12. . . Dear Gary--. . My son turned 21 on November 9th so we traveled to Vegas and had a very nice experience for the weekend.  On Friday night, we were quite entertained at Pure.  That place is phenomenal--great music, great venue and tremendous energy.  For his birthday, Pure was the real deal.. . On Saturday morning, we researched and found that the Bacchanal was the best rated buffet in Vegas so we decided to try and recover from the night before with a good meal.  Your buffet was exceptional in every way.  We particularly liked the Bacchanal Benedict--a very nice twist.  Our server Lilly was also tremendous.  Our group never wanted for service, the mimosas were filled very quickly and the experience overall was a home run.  We liked it so much, we considered returning for dinner and inquired about the Buffet of Buffet's.  Lilly explained the program to us and we were ready to sign up.  On the way out, we grabbed great cookies with the fudge layer.. . At the desk on the way out, we presented our ticket to do the upgrade to BOB.  The hostess said it didn't work that way.  We said, all we want to do is give you money and buy dinner for tonight.  She got the supervisor over who sadly was a troll.  We explained that we liked the buffet and wanted to return.  The supervisor told us that this was not possible and we could not buy the BOB in no uncertain terms.  So much so, that we were quite offended.  Clearly, we weren't looking for a deal, we were looking for resolution--that was not possible and we left.. . I stopped at what looked like a management area and talked to a lady who took my number and said somebody from management would call me.  She said I would be better going to the registration area and speaking to a manager.  So I ambled over there-yes, I was pretty frustrated.  So I talked to Joel who was helping direct people to check in.  He told me that only the ICU manager was working and that Marcus the Food/Beverage General Manager who recently was some other manager would be the person to speak with.  I left my number for Marcus and asked for a call.. . So in essence, I requested a call from two different people about the treatment at the Baccanal with my guests and son.  You have a good thing going at your establishment at Caesors.  We travel to Vegas 1-2 times a year and enjoy the get away from our home in Tucson.  You are only as good as your weakest link.  I'm not sure what's more disappointing, the supervisor at the Bacchanal or the fact that no member of management followed up on my concerns.  Remember one thing; I tried to give you more of my money--not sure I'll try next time.. . Sincerely,
I was super excited to eat at this buffet after reading all the positive reviews. Upon arrival, the buffet looked liked it held a lot of potential.  The new 17million dollar space was artsy and beautiful with loud music which made it feel trendy and hip.  The light fixtures made out ornate objects like water glass and vases made the space feel eclectic.  The staff was really attentive to my needs with refills on drinks and clearing plates off the table, even pausing for a little casual chit chat.  . . I walked up down all the different stations to scope out which dishes I had to try and which to pass on. The food spread seemed to go on forever ranging from seafood, Italian, Mexican, and Asian.  It was like a kid in a candy store. Tons of choices but all unfortunately not to my liking.. . I decided that the salad bar would have to be missed in order to try everything else. I started at the Asian station. They had a noodle soup station where you could even get pho. I had dumplings, egg rolls, and Korean short ribs, which were okay but nothing special.  The ribs had good flavor but where a bit chewy.. . Moved to the Italian station next, where different pastas and pizzas were prepared.  The  best part of this station was the charcuterie station with all the different meats, cheeses, and mustards.. . Next station up was the American BBQ.  This looked like the perfect all American BBQ spread...all the BBQ meats one could ever ask for from ribs to brisket, chicken, and lamb chops with all the best fixing available. Mac'n cheese, broccoli with cheese, mash potatoes, corn, and tator tots.  The ribs that I tasted were so chewy, I couldn't even cut them apart with my knife and the flavor tasted like gasoline...no smokiness or fall apart goodness.. . The Mexican station had a woman making fresh tortillas and a bunch of different salsa choices to accompany the meal.. . Last of the savory stations is the seafood station.  They had lobster, corn chowder, crab croquette, as well as, hot and cold crab legs, shrimp, and raw oyster...all too salty to eat.  . . Then came dessert.  I had heard about the fresh out of the oven souffles that they offered and the wide variety of gelato and sorbets.  Tonight they had banana and pistachio flavored souffles.  The pistachio souffle came out of the oven piping and tall, but had no flavor...all that could be tasted was raw flour.  The gelato station was the only place actually lived up the buffet's claim of thinking "out of the box" and unique. I tried a fig & balsamic, watermelon & mint, blood orange, and mango chili lime, which was my favorite out the 4 flavors. . . Overall, the food was too pricey at $44.99 for dinner and too salty for my taste...will probably never go back.
Basic food with little flavor or uniqueness. The sushi station was very very disappointing. They had little left when I got there (7:30pm) and for my second trip... even less. They do not make more on demand. Once what they have prepared is gone, it is gone. Rib eye was only thing that was good. Pizza was gross. Pasta was gross. Fish station was Ok but nothing special. I could not believe they had mac and cheese  that was box like mac and cheese. Really? Salad station was disappointing.  If I did go with a friend and hang out for a couple hours and eat and chat, I would have been angry. But everything in vegas is expensive... so I just looked at it like an 'entertainment' item versus good food. I expect far more for the price. But that is vegas isn't it? Wolfgang Puck's restaurant couldn't even make a proper pizza. Food for the mass that just consume. Not food for the foodie that likes to savor flavors. If you are hoping to find good flavors here, go somewhere else. Unless, you want to stuff your face only with steak.
Go to Wicked Spoon!  Your wallet and palate will thank you for it.  $47 for very mediocre food.  Kids over 8 were the same price and it was brunch.  Nothing was spectacular.  The ingredients were average and didn't seem very fresh.. . Their website gave us the bait and switch.  It said $41.99 for weekend brunch and champagne was included.  They charged us $47 and champagne was an extra $10.   I can't believe people wait in long lines for this crap!
Seriously...NO.. . My wife and I were intrigued by Bacchanal even though we usually prefer a sit down meal.  In fact, the only time I typically go to buffets is if I'm in a rush (so I can get my food and leave).  We stayed at Caesars over a weekend so decided since we were in the hotel, we might as well try it.  First off, let me just say I can't believe anyone would wait in a lengthy line for a buffet.  When we walked by on Saturday night, the line was like one you would see at Disneyland in the prime months of summer (a 90 minute wait....just absurd, but people were waiting in it).  I laughed when I saw you could buy a line pass for $20.  I've heard of that for a nightclub but for a buffet?!  You've got to be kidding.  We opted to go on Monday night when the crowd was gone.  It wasn't much of a line to get in, but there were still lines for all the food dishes.  The most impressive station appeared to be the Barbeque.  They offered Prime Rib, Spareribs, Ribeye, Lamb chops, sliders, Brisket of Beef, and Brats.  The Lamb Chops and sliders were very good.  The Brisket of Beef was fatty, and my wife said the Prime Rib was as tough as leather.  I didn't indulge in the crab legs because the station was so busy.  The salad bar was picked over and looked pretty run down by the time we got there.  The pasta station was pretty typical.  The dessert bar was impressive (tried a couple of different ones).  As far as the "500 items" they advertised, I'd say it was about 450 items too many.  Honestly, I don't see how anyone would expect the quality to be up to par with that many items.  This place is much more for people that just want a big quantity and want to gorge.  Admittedly paying $44.95 for dinner at this place is a bit of a ripoff.  FWIW, the best buffet in Vegas is the Wicked Spoon...HANDS DOWN!  I've been to all of the other nice ones and that is the only one I will venture to going forward.
2nd visit..& will be our last. It didn't take long for this buffet to experience the downfall of others, food & service have both gone way downhill!.. First the food: many items were cold & tasted like they'd been out for awhile. Also, you know food is being prepared half-a*#'ed/cheap when everything is bland & way oversalted. & the buffet itself is still totally unorganized.. Service: had to keep asking for refills & for our plates to be cleared. Our server must've been having a bad day, he hardly spoke.. It didn't take long for them to raise the prices either. They should've concentrated on the quality of food rather than overcharging for this buffet.. Not worth the price and the lines are a joke. I'll take Bellagio & Wicked Spoon over this place any day..
My wife and I went there for the first and last time today. Beautiful decor and the food presentation was terrific but ... There was one "hot" food item we tried that was more than luke warm. Hot food should be kept around 135 degrees or hotter. Really tasty chowder - luke warm; fried chicken with sweet potato fries - luke warm chicken and cold fries; brisket - luke warm. Having suffered from food poisoning a little over a month ago at my own hand I was reluctant to finish anything that isn't at the proper temperature. We told a "manager" who acted concerned and said she'd tell the chef. Tell the chef? How about serving food at a proper and safe temperature. The scary thing? They had an "A" rating from the LV Health Inspection. Maybe I need to start carrying around my own thermometer when I go out from now on. Disgusting. This place was cheap and I expected better.
Not worth the money. Lamb rack too sweet, too much alcohol in obster chowder. This is what happens when there's over crowded people in the restaurant that quality suffers.
We waited here for 5 hours and was expecting really good seafood.  But it turned out that they only have crab leg and some oysters.  The long wait was definitely not worth it.  The price is ridiculous as well.
Negative 5 stars!. . My family and I got in line around 3ish pm on Thanksgiving day.  There was a long line already and they told us the wait would be around 3 to 3.5hr.  That's not great but was expected (that's why we got in line early).  We figured we could still get in before 7.  Apparently the employees there MISCALCULATED the wait time!!!!. . The line was moving along until around 5ish.  That's when they allowed the "express" ppl to cut in line.  Caesar Palace wanted to make extra bucks so they created an "express" line.  $20 per person in addition to the $50 price they already raised on Thanksgiving day.  We would've left if we knew the wait was this long.  But by the 2nd and 3rd hour, we thought we were almost there when we were pretty close to the cashier.  But that's where the real wait began.  We waited and waited and waited and we were not going to leave the line after the 3rd hour of waiting.  And it would sound ridiculous if we paid extra to get into the express line after waiting for that long.. . When I told one of the hostesses we waited SIX HOURS, she was shocked.  She said, she's been telling all her guests the wait was only 3 to 4 hours.  Couldn't the employee be more diligent and not made up a wait time?!?!?  And after 6 hours of waiting, they told us we would have to wait even MORE if we decided to sit together.  So we ended up splitting our party into two tables.  Yeap, after a 6-hour wait, my family was seated separately on Thanksgiving day.. . With the long wait, I expected great food and service... Another big disappointment.. . Food: What happened to the macaroons they always advertised?  There were no crab claws.  The cocktail shrimps were soggy.  Even the sushi was gross.  We saw the sushi "chef" took pre-made sushi out from saran wrap.  That showed you how fresh the sushi was.  Everything was mediocre.  Definitely not worth $50 and the long wait.. . Service: Not great.  One of the chairs was soaking wet (caused by previous customer?) when we got to our table.  Our waiter simply put a towel on top and told us to just sit on it.  Really?!??!?!  It would have soaked right thru the towel and to my jeans because the chair was so wet.  I had to switch out the chair myself because the waiter didn't even stay for more than a sec.  And he basically disappeared that night too..... . In conclusion... never coming back to this place again!
It's good but nothing special. It's def. not worth waiting in line for 2 hours and $50.00. They have the express line which is faster but it's $20.00 in addition to the 50.00. Glad I experienced it but wish I spent my time and money at a better buffet spot.
DO NOT GO TO BACCHANAL.. . I have tried nearly every buffet on The Strip and was excited to try this buffet, only to be disappointed at the end of it. Bottom line, you can get a much better value at the Wynn in terms of service and food. . . 1) I brought my entire family of 9 and paid about $500 for a good dinner, a privilege my family rarely gets to enjoy, in order to celebrate my Dad's 60th birthday.. . 2) Started waiting in line at 7PM and did not get in the buffet until 10:30PM. The staff had assured us throughout the night that the food would NOT be taken away until at least 11:30PM, prompting us to continue waiting in line.. . 3) After we paid, management treated us like DIRT, informing us that the food would be taken away at 11 PM. They did not care that their customers had waited for more than 3 hours and would only have 30 minutes to eat. Keep in mind that there is another 15-minute line to actually get food, so there was really 15 minutes to make a $500 meal worth it.. . 4) Jamie Radke, the assistant manager, said they could only refund our money and gave us MAJOR ATTITUDE for inquiring about a pass to skip the line next time, a request I thought was fair after spending more than 3 hours in line with 9 family members and not having dinner at all. Jamie is a prime example of how poorly trained the employees at Bacchanal are. Bacchanal management, please give Jamie more training - she definitely needs it. . . MESSAGE TO MANAGEMENT: Please do not DISRESPECT your customers. Customers willing to pay good money and wait more than 3 hours for your buffet deserve more respect from you. . . You will not be the top buffet forever. When the hype dies down and you are desperate for more patrons, customers will remember how poorly you treated them when you were on top. . . Please trust that my family and I will be warning everyone we know NOT to eat at your establishment.
if you're looking for customer service do not go to Bacchanal Buffet!  We hiked the maze to the buffet to show up at 10:01 only to be turned away.  Absolutely no compassion!
Very disappointed!. . The food was OK, not really any better than  Bellagio, Wynn, or Cosmopolitans Wicked Spoon in my opinion.. . The low rating is for the wait times and setup of the buffet.  There was a two hour wait in line to get in.  We choose to do the express line for an extra $15 each.  Once inside the lines continued.. . To get to the seafood or the meat selections you had to wait in 20-30 minute lines.  You would walk to other parts of the buffet and it would be empty.. . Many of the selections are on individual plates or in baskets, this makes it difficult to carry your food as the plates slide round.  It is also cumbersome when you have to wait in long lines for your food.  . . I also noticed while making a salad that the counters were so low that I could not get around the sneeze guard to get to toppings in the back without having to contort myself.  I am 5'9 so not overly tall.. . I noticed that people were filling multiple plates because the lines were so long that to go back for seconds you would have to wait in line all over again.. . Cesar's really needs to rethink this $50 million dollar mess, until then, don't waste your time.
The food is ok, not good, certainly not great. One must wait in a ridiculous line to pay, in another to be seated, another to eat seafood, then another to eat meat. You can pay an additional $15 to skip the first line (it's worth it). With the additional $15 the buffet is $65 + drinks. I recommend a person to make a reservation at Joes Stone Crab or Nobu (Hard Rock) and have great food served to them. Please also note that the meat and seafood lines are so long, people eat while in line, then lick their fingers and go back for more.
We went there Jan 2,2013.  After a very long wait, almost two hours, we were seated. Then we realized we had more lines to wait in. 20 minutes every time we wanted seafood,  thirty for meat. There were four of us and rarely were we at our table together.  Food was not that great. Would not go back.
We went there on Wednesday night at 6pm.  The line has already built up but couldn't believe waited 3 hours to get to the cashier.  After paid, still needed to wait another 20mins to be seated. . Unbelievable.. . Once inside the lines continued.  You had to wait in a 30 minute line for the meat section.  By the time we got back to the table and eat, the food was cold!  The seafood line was even worst.  The line was hold up because people were waiting for the staff to open the oysters from the shells.  Horrible experience!  End up eating salad and pizza for a $50 buffet!!!. .  I would definitely NOT come back!!!
If this is the best buffet in Vegas, I don't know what others will be like. Let's start by saying the line is extremely long, but I thought it was a good sign so the food is as good as everyone says.  Once seated, we start to get in line again!!! what??? I waited 15 minutes just to get to the crab legs, and oyster. It is all you can eat, but the oysters are just don't come out as fast which cause the long line. I was there mainly for oyster, but the oyster is actually the very last item in that seafood line, and after going for the 2nd time, I was tired and couldn't waited anymore. All the other food doesn't taste good at all, and the deserts look pretty but taste average. I was so excited going there, but I think I rather go to a place where is not much people. I did not get my money worth. Oh and, the crab legs taste horrible!!!
Long line, long wait. Food good. Line took 2 hours to get in. This was on a Thursday for dinner before 5 pm. Then once we got inside there was a line for meat and a line for seafood. The seafood line took 20 minutes! Food is good. However, I'd rather go to Aria buffet or wicked spoon and eat.
As far as food goes, this is by far the best buffet that I've been to in a long time, hats off to the chef. However, the staff is just awful. One of the hostesses was such a wreck during the rush, I didn't catch her name but she was an older woman. And the manager, Steven, wouldn't even look at us in the eye when we asked him a simple question. The food is delicious but judging by the attitude of the staff and managers, they will not see a penny from me or my family again. I hear Bellagio has an outstanding buffet and I'm betting that their customer service skills are much more fine tuned.
Line...wait...Line...wait...horrific experience. So bad that I created a Yelp account just to tell everyone. I've been to many buffets in my life and waited in many buffet lines. But Bacchanal, you take the cake on this one.. . I can't complain about the 1 hour wait to get into a buffet. I've waited 2 hours at other buffets before. I'm used to it, but to wait the same amount of time once you get in just to get some crab legs? Ridiculous.. . The 2 highest traffic foods, Seafood and Meat, are placed right next to each other. The Seafood line backed up into the Meat line so no matter which you wanted to eat, your wait doubled. By the time I got back to my seat, my meat was cold and I was completely discouraged from going back to try anything else and/or get seconds.. . A party of 9 at $51/person before tax and gratuity, we feel robbed.. . The food I did get to eat was good. Would have been great if they were at their intended temperature.. . Recommendations:. 1. Move the Meat section clear away from the Seafood section.. 2. Can't move the Meat section for whatever reason? Rope off the Seafood and Meat lines so they don't blend together.. . I hope this gets to an Executive that has the power to make some changes.. . To future interested consumers, the Seafood line is located at the entrance so take a peak before you decide to fork out $51-before-tax-and-gratuity. Maybe by the time you go, my review made a difference.
Came here on a Saturday evening for their dinner buffet around 5PM. The line to get in was nearly nonexistent. We walked straight to the front of the counter and has $52 ripped from us. We came here for dinner because there was a lot of great reviews about this place but it was definitely not worth $52. Yes they had prime rib, rib eye, spare ribs, lamb chops etc., it was still not worth it when your meat either dried like jerky or it's drenched in oil fat. They advertise that they have an Asian kitchen and yes they very well do but the quality of the food was comparable to what can be found at Panda Express (no offense to people who like their Panda) but considering the price that I'm paying, I just expected so much more. I feel that the food was price would be more worth while if you go to the Bellagio buffet. By the end of the meal, I felt sick and wanted to vomit just looking at the food. I think the one good time about this place was their vanilla bean creme brulee and their well presented dessert bar. I would definitely not come back to this place even if my meal was comp!
Ok..so the food really deserves a 3.5 or 4 star for a buffet.. BUT.....bait and switch alert people.  BAIT AND SWITCH.. . Ok...I came here about a month after opening for a Yelp Elite event.  It was free.  It was glorious.  Now it's chalk full of problems.. 1) No Monta ramen.  For tourists, this is a local ramen joint that is very popular with the foodies.  They hired someone from there to help them with their ramen.  It was close to the real deal.  Last night?  Gone gone gone.  At the Yelp event, they even had the head buffet chef walking around bragging about how much trouble they were to for the ramen.  I believe him.  So what happened?Good thing I didn't pay $50 for this buffet expecting this ramen.  Oh wait...$50 it was!. 2) Whoever manages this buffet needs a demotion, stat.  At even the premium buffets in town you expect to wait for seafood.  Crab legs, etc.  Mostly the crab legs take a lot of work and it's a bottleneck.  Fine.  . At Bacchanal, they had combined the seafood and carving station lines into one, gigantic line.  GIGANTIC. Moved slower than molasses in the winter, too.  Not only did that make carving station only patrons wait a VERY LONG time for some meats that were ready to go, the long line obscured about 25% of the buffet's offerings.  And most of the "good stuff" if we're being honest.  Basically, if you wanted fried chicken, or any of the potatoes, any bread, a whole host of things - you had to squeeze your way in between the dirty looks of people who thought you might be cutting in line.  How's about separating the lines?  Oh wait...they DID end up separating.  After I complained to a manager and was told, I'm not kidding, "Just go ahead and walk up to the carving station and ask for what you need.  Just bypass the line."  Whatchu talkin' bout Willis?! Despite my misgivings,  I tried that assuming the people were all in line for seafood.  They weren't.  I almost got murdered by the people in line. . Only my cat like reflexes saved me.  . Also, they had 1 chef at the carving station - all the while a huge line was continuing to build.  Here's a hint - have another person there carving while another person takes orders and serves it up?  The lady in front of me literally took, and I timed this, 3 minutes to get 3 different kinds of meat.  With like 30 people behind her and growing.  The line is long and the meat is not going to sit there more than a minute if you cut it early.  It's already rested - it's fine!  Good thing I didn't pay $50 for this buffet.  Oh wait...I did!. When I went before, they obviously had separate lines.  It took ME to get them to separate it despite the seriously angry patrons.  And no surprise things went much smoother afterwards.  Hey Caesars Palace - where's my paycheck? I managed your buffet for one night, Gary Loveman(CEO of Caesars).. 3) No fresh fruit except for blackberries.  They used to have great chocolate covered strawberries.  We were told they had been out since 2 days ago.  Thank God I didn't pay something outrageous like $50 for this buffet only to have them run out of the most popular fruit in existence.  Oh wait...I did pay $50.  F$#k me!  Great I'll get some rasberries.  No?  No rasberries either?  Well...we are in the desert.  At least I didn't pay..... 4) Dishes at the table took a good long while to be cleared.  Not the biggest deal in the world - but when your table is full it does get a big messy.. On the positives:. 1) For our group, we paid $15 extra each to skip the line to get in.  Well worth it if you're willing to shell out the $15.  Looked like at least an hour wait if not more.  Wish other places would have that option.. 2) The carving station meats were pretty good.  Sausage was spicy and delicious.  BBQ ribs were tender and flavorful.  And the ribeye was solid.  The brisket, however, was awful. Dry as a bone and really overcooked.. 3) Desserts were nice.  I didn't eat much but the Kona Coffee mochi was very very good.  One of my friends had a crepe and she thought it was one of the best she's had.  So big thumbs up for the dessert stations.  Oh yeah..and no wait.  haha. 4) Temperature was fine in the buffet.  Also, no fire, flood, nuclear explosion, etc.  Hmm....struggling to think of things to come up with in this section.  No terrorists!. . In a nutshell, if you're already at Caesars and $50 isn't a ton of cash for you to spend then go for it.  It's perfectly fine.. . If you're making a special trip to a buffet then I'd recommend Bellagio or Wynn over this one.  . . Just disappointing to see them pull out all the stops initially to generate that good publicity.  Then just bend you over and stick it in rough like this.  It's brutal.  Really, I should give this kind of crap the 1 star treatment.  You know what?  I will.  Dropping to 1 star. . . Honestly pays.  Dishonesty shouldn't.  John H. OUT!!. . Edit: Let me add one thing. Bleu cheese dressing constantly gets stuck in opening of hard plastic bottle. Can't squeeze it.  Thus, it's unusable. LOL?
Bottom line... Lots of hype, great music, the atmosphere more like a college cafeteria trying to be hip.  Service good, food variety good, quality bad!  The food was cold or lukewarm,  much of it dry and lacking taste.   I spokento the manager on duty,!Steven who thanked me for my observations and offered to obtain anything I desired freshly made, a nice thought but shouldn't all of the food be fresh and not require intervention at the managerial Level to obtain quality?  . . Admittedly, I am not a great buffet person and am bothered by obese, poorly dressed patrons grazing as if the meal was their last but this is a buffet to pass by on the way to a better table served restaurant eager to serve.
We were excited to try bacchanal after reading the reviews here. We got there around 9am Jan 23 2013. There was no one manning the omelete station so I grabbed some scrambled eggs and hashbrowns. The eggs were dry and the potatoes were ice cold. . I grabbed a mini quiche in the cast iron skillet. It was so overcooked it could barely be scraped out of the pan. The guacamole was greyish and tasted like pure lime juce.. The bagels were ice cold and there was nowhere to toast them.. . I asked the waitress for a drink menu because I had just arrived in Vegas and my wife wanted a mimosa. The waitress (an older african american lady) stated "this menu only has alcohol and it's 9am" We said we wanted to order it anyway, the waitress rolled her eyes and stated  "you'll have to pay me for the drinks because they are not included" We already knew that but were dismayed by her snotty attitude.. . My wife got some pancakes off the buffet but after searching neither of us could find any butter. We asked our waitress for some and she said "it's on the bar" and dismissively waved her hand in that direction. I went back up to the pancake section of the bar and there was none so I asked one of the cooks.. . He grabbed a giant sysco tub of margarine, and scraped some into a cup with his fingers and handed it to me without a word.. . My wife and I were disgusted at this point. We had cold food, the prep stations were unmanned, the other food was unseasoned and inedible and the waitress was rude, snotty and unhelpful.. . I wish I had gone to the buffet in the Paris.
All show and no go,  snow crab other then king crab,  Italian station and Mexico syations tasted very salty, waited 20 min to get in, counted 25 empty tables,  deserts tasted weak, would not go back
We arrived at about 6pm tonight.  I had a $50 food voucher for locals so I thought I would give this a try.  I was tempted to demand a refund but I kept thinking it had to get better.  . . First course was crab legs and several seafood items.  I asked for steamed crab legs and I got to the table and they were still refrigerator cold.  Every item I got off the hot seafood bar was still slightly refrigerated as well.  . . Next stop was the carving line.  I tried the sausage, brisket, prime rib and lamb chop.  Sausage was gross, brisket average, prime rib rubbery and bland and the lamb chop was average.. . I tried Italian next.  Pizza was room temp but burnt on the bottom.  Pasta was room temp.  . . Crepes were good and the man that did the carving was A+, as polite and helpful as could be.. . My son ate mostly kid stuff.  He complained that fruit was warmish and everything else he had was room temp.  . . I would have rather had Golden Corral.  I guess maybe we went on an off night but it was disgraceful.
This buffet was a big disappointment! I paid ~$40/person for lunch including 18% tips mandatory for having 6 people or more. There was no crabs! no lobsters! The clams were not satisfying since they make you eat it with corns, potatoes, veggies...What a rip-off!
After reading several reviews of Caesars' new Bacchanal Buffet, I was excited to give it a try, but was tremendously disappointed. . . First, the service. Our wait in the "regular" line at 11:30 this morning was around 30 minutes. Normally, I'd have no problem with that, but when we did pay and were shown to our table, I noticed that only about 1/3 of the tables were full. Other reviewers have pointed this same phenomenon out, so I can only conclude that CP is trying to make their high-rollers feel more "special", or that they'd like people to pony up the extra $15 to jump the line, or that, if all tables were full, the chefs at the food stations would be unable to keep up. . . About that table: it was either too high, or my chair was too low. I still can't decide which, but either way, it was uncomfortable. My chair also straddled a carpet/ marble divide, with the back legs on marble and the front on carpet  not a big deal at a normal restaurant, but at a buffet, this wasn't ideal. . . I would, in fact, like to meet the idiot that designed the room. First, it's a clear rip-off of the design at Aria's buffet. (I did enjoy the light fixtures on the pillars outside the buffet). Second, the layout was confusing and somewhat claustrophobic, with the Asian area tucked into an odd dead-end. The stations where food was being prepared to order forced the lines of people waiting to block other areas. And the sneeze-guards were way too low, making it nearly impossible to reach food towards the rear. . . On to the food: there isn't much special here that can't be found at Aria, Wicked Spoon, or Wynn (my favorite). The carved meats looked rather greasy, and the whole roasted chickens were shriveled and pathetic-looking. The sushi selection was decent, but if you're a shellfish lover, you're better off at the Aria or perhaps the Bellagio. The Mexican station was unstaffed--I'd been looking forward to a fresh-made tortilla, but oh well. The quality overall was good, but not great, and certainly not worthy of the price they're asking. . . We ended up leaving after one plate--it was that bad. I expressed my displeasure to manager type on my way out, but she could barely say "I'm sorry". If you're looking for a great buffet on the strip, and willing to pay these prices, head for the Wynn, Aria, or Wicked Spoon--but avoid the Bacchanal.
Worst food I have experienced on my trip to Vegas. Our server never came to our table, the bus boy was nice about getting refills, for the price not worth it.
Went on Easter and was excited to try this place after my cousin raved about it. I was shocked that it cost $60 per person for a buffet but I don't mind paying for good food. I was looking forward to eating the stone crab claws after seeing pictures of it posted on Yelp except there was none. Instead of king crab legs, they had snow crab legs that hardly had any meat. Tried other foods instead and everything just tasted ok, dessert wasn't great either, won't go back.
good thing is they have the option to get your crab legs heated up.  this slightly the best buffet in vegas, but not worth the extra money or wait in line imho. At 50 bucks I'd rather spend a bit more and to a nice restaurant in vegas.. . the reason that its one star is service.  I don't really expect much service at a buffet, but we didn't even get any drinks even water the first 40 minutes of our dinner.  after 25 minutes I had to walk around and ask 4 different servers if we could just please have some water because my 4 year old daughter had something spicy and was crying.  they all just ignored my including the manager, he just walked away from me as fast as he could.
$61.99 for dinner Memorial Weekend and guess what I got a refund. The quality of the food was poor and the buffet was a mess. I will admit the desserts looked appealing but sometimes things look good, and taste awful. I walked around the buffet grabbed a piece of cold chicken and put the plate down. Next went over to the taco lady asked her 50 times if it was white meat chicken she said yes. I could tell it was not when she handed it to me I handed it back. I saw there was a back room with pizza that looked like it was frozen and they added cheese. The sushi looked like frozen bad quality you get at an all you can eat sushi buffet for $10. I literally told the manager I want a refund and just sat. the seafood was all frozen and just defrosted no king crab but snow crab. the shrimp were frozen cheap quality that look like they were thawed out and put on the bar. If you know food this is not a good buffet. I ate two times and the wicked spoon in my hotel and you cannot even compare the quality of food to that buffet night and day. . . Seriously passsssssssssssssssssssss
Went here on Memorial Day weekend, and like other reviews, it was terrible.  We paid $55 for lunch, and the only thing that was any good was the brisket.  Everything else tasted like leftovers, or maybe it was just sitting out far too long.. . We also wanted to get unlimited mimosas, but apparently, this buffet doesn't offer unlimited mimosas on holiday weekends.. . Tip: Go to Wicked Spoon instead.
This review is based mostly on the price vs other Vegas buffets.  Bacchanal charges a lot more than any of the other buffets in Vegas.  I went for a weekday lunch and the price was $33, ouch!!  This is compared to $25 at the Wynn.  I really like the Wynn a lot, so I was expecting a lot more at this place.  Unfortunately, nothing excited me at this buffet.  Maybe it was just a bad day for them, but pretty much everything was underwhelming that day.  A lot of the food did not get refilled in a timely manner and a lot of the signs were not in front of the food, so you did not know what some things were.. . In terms of the food, I guess I got used to the Wynn, Wicked Spoon and the Bellagio.  Most of the food here was cheapie food, not that there is anything wrong with that, as I love cheapie food.  Its just when I go to one of these buffets, I expect to try high end dishes I do not usually eat on a regular basis.  They had street tacos, bbq meats, chinese food and noodles like pho, udon and ramen.  I would much rather get these types of foods in hole in the wall restaurants and they are much better at those places.  The food overall was ok, but if you are going to charge the highest price for a buffet on the strip, I think the food should be much better than just ok.
I should ask for my money back, as the only thing that was great to eat was the pizza, which at $50 a head should be a little more than that.  Very disappointed.
It was a bad experience to be asked to leave after two hours, I had a surgery in my stomach and I have to eat very little bites, the claim there is a signage every where, but there was not a single sign stating that I have to leave with in 2 hours
I recently ate here Friday, June 21, 2013. My one big meal to fuel my weekend of EDC fun. But low and behold... I end up getting FOOD POISONING from something in their seafood dept.!!! It ruined my whole weekend! Stomach ache and violent diarrhea for the next 5 days!! It's the 6th day now and I'm FINALLY feeling better. They get one star b/c the only thing really good there was there dessert bar! Other than that, their food is nothing better than any of the other Vegas strip buffets and I will never ever be going back to Bacchanal Buffet again! Be warned... stay away from the seafood!
Not worth the price and wait for this buffet.  Initially excited to try this upon reading all the yelp reviews.  Paid $60 during the holiday weekend, must be a couple $$$ less on regular days.  Bottom line, I get what I had here for $20 in buffets in LA. Yes, it was that bad. Sushi rolls were not fresh, crab legs were cold (even though they were requested steamed), and overall just a lack of variety. Add into this an insanely long line for seafood that happens to spill over the adjacent food stations that trying to get food from these areas run the risk of other hungry customers go off on you as they think you are cutting into the seafood line.  There was a not dish that I tried that stood out to me as above average.  "Over 500+" items? I don't think so.  The desserts somehow made the experience a bit better but it was mediocre at most.  Wanted to try their asians soups (ramen, pho and udon) but guess what... The broth isn't ready for another 20 minutes.  Save your money and time and go to either the Buffet at Bellagio or the buffet at M resort (unlimited wine and beer included). Never has a vegas buffet disappointed me such as Bacchanal! :p
This place is seriously in need of better management!  Waited in line for hours to pay; they could have hired more help to clean up the tables..... I have been here several times and will not return again.
I cannot write a fair review for the food because we did not try it but I can say that they need to reconsider their price structure.. . When we arrived to the cashier she informed be that the bill for, 3 kids and 2 adults, was $298.00 including tip.. . Now, considering that the kids were 9, 11, 13, I will consider the price outrageous even for Las Vegas standard.. . For this price, nobody will ever be able to convince me about anything positive for this place.
If you arrive at this most overrated buffet at 6:30pm plan on filling your first plate of dinner at 8:30pm. Once finally in we were excited to eat the much hyped food. The prime rib was dry, the paella tasted like rice out of a bag from the supermarket and the oysters were questionable. For the $51.00 cover price the food definitely wasn't up to par, equally disappointing every single serving spoon I touched was filled with food and stickiness. If you're going to spend this kind of money for dinner there's hundreds of restaurants in Las Vegas and which you will have a much more enjoyable evening.
I rather starve myself than come back to this abomination of a buffet. . . Yes, i went in w/ high expectations because USA TODAY raved it as "best buffet in the nation"  & My friends were all singing its high praises, but still, the food they served ended up offending me. For the price it was, it had no value. . . Thebuffet came out to $52 because we had the discount card, but definitely not worth even a dime. . . Food looked pretty but tasted old, stale, either too flavorful or too bland. I think even drunk me wouldnt have stomached the food they served. . . They have made to order ramen, pho, and udon, I decided to be brave after wasting 2 full plates of random things to order the ramen. . . Wow, it was the only thing I was able to continue eating even though said thing was actually too salty. . . Maybe i went on a bad day, but my whole group was disappointed at this place. If i wanted to dine like that, i woulda gone to the local food court where they have panda express and a burger joint and paid a lil less.
The quality of the food was 5 stars worthy. However, the "service" that was given to us dropped this restaurant to only 1 star. I've never written a review on Yelp, but I was so disgusted by the so called service. The restaurant limits diners to only 2 hours  of eating. However, I was unaware that the 2 hours began once you actually pay. The waiters and the restaurant do not take into account the time you have to wait to be seated as well. That alone takes up at least 30 minutes. My family and I paid at 2:50. Waited in line to be seated till 3:30. At 5:27 we were approached by a new waiter, our generous previous waiter's shift ended. The new waiter approached our table and looked at our receipt. He then left and came back with the manager. He then came back to our table and asked us to leave due to a 2 hour limit. For a second, it seemed as if he was the owner of the restaurant and not a waiter. He proclaimed and accused us of being there for nearly 4 hours, I was in shock and speechless and before I could reply he decided to leave. The manager just said 'sorry, there's a two hour limit.' He then approached the table across from us and also accused them of being there for 4 hours, when they say down after us. I've seen better service at a soup kitchen. We paid $170 + tax for this horrible service? It was my family's first time here and that waiter ruined the entire night for us. We will not return here, ever. Not even the food could save us and other customers from the waiter. I'm sure even if Jesus was sitting at our table we would have been approached rudely. It was our "Last Supper" there forever.
Overrated. . . I swear pictures are so deceiving. I went on Friday for lunch/dinner. Paid the extra $15 to skip the line. Wish I would have skipped the buffet instead. I'm not sure what the big deal is. The presentations are nice, but the food is blah. As with every other buffet in Vegas, food was cold and subpar.  A girl at the table next to me keep saying this is the best food I ever had! These are the best tacos ever!  Boy people need to get out. This place made me lose faith in the reviews on  Yelp. Everything I got was just average. Most of the stuff I saw on the pictures weren't on the menu that day. Buffet is extremely small. The pictures make it look like there is a huge selection. There really isn't anything that sets this buffet apart from the rest. I will stick with the Wynn or Bellagio.
ok we were leaving on a sunday needed to go eat somewhere close the brunch was $45 dollars each I didn't know. neither did the couple ahead of us. they were shocked . ok we didn't know it was a champagne brunch until we saw others getting mimosas we ask for 2 we got 1 mimosa . they had food in little baskets the food was not good and there was maybe tri tip which is a cheap cut of meat  and maybe 3 types of sausage and one kind of potatoe. a brunch should have other lunch meats roast beef, ham and turkey and they had churros which is a type of sugar donut which looked good until you bite into it. it was hard not crispy and the inside was liquidy uncooked now this is a $45 brunch and you can't cook a churro correctly I did try another one it was uncooked inside as well. this is at ceasars casino which we had a bad stay during the week we should have known but who knew,my daughter had a good suggestion stay where you like the food it's true. where we liked the buffets the rooms we good or decent.
wait for 1 hrs and 28 minutes and all that hype for nothing. old and  awful taste pizza, old sushi, chewy prime ribs, a lot of dishes are tasteless, most of the dishes are basic, small dessert areas
Overrated buffet!!!!!!  Totally not happy about it!. . First of all, the wait was long when there were still so many opening seats available.  Forget about this because it was labor day weekend.  . . Let's talk about food.  A lot of varieties of food choice, but it tastes like inexpensive buffet that only cost less than $15.  Totally can't talk about quality here.  I wouldn't come back for this expensive but no quality buffet, unless you have no where else to spend your money.  Got that!?. . I would rather spend $60 for some decent quality of appetizer!
Not worth the wait and money! I could have paid the same price and have a decentdinner anywhere else. The wait was like 2 hours!!! Seafood was okay. Hot food was below average. Dessert was okay. Dont try their macaroon if you have the fantasy of trying good macaroon. They are tasted like cough drop! Not a pleasant dinner at all!!!
5 stars for the food. Very tasty. . . 0 stars for the customer service. Waited over 3 hours in line to pay $60 per plate. When my party of 7 went to pay before being seated, we were told our party had to split into a table of 5 and a table of 2. I drove 12 hours to meet with family, and was willing to wait longer to sit together. Multiple staff members assured that there was no possibility and we were forced to split up. When being seated, there were plenty of open tables for groups of 8! I couldn't believe it.
My experience at this buffet can be described in three letters.... WTF?... It's low quality food at fine dining prices. My buyer's regret over this place is worse than loosing all that money in one of the casinos would be. The only way they can count 500+ dishes is if they count all the condiments in as separate dishes. It's your friendly neighborhood Todai Buffett at overinflated price and a long line to get in. Skip it to avoid huge disappointment and spend your money someplace else.
AWFUL!  AVOID!  I've had it with the overpriced buffets in Vegas.  Saturday and Sunday brunch price is not advertised on the website and you can't just buy breakfast on Saturday or Sunday.  So, my girlfriend and I decided to give it a try because of all the great review, but no brunch buffet is $41.99 per person.  I'm not opposed to paying up for good food, but seriously, all I wanted was eggs, bacon and some toast.  Don't be a tourist.  . . This place is designed by the same people who brought you the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan as evidenced by the posts that hold the ropes for the line.  Unfortunately, they don't have nearly the amount of space as the Wicked Spoon, so there's a ton of seating, but the buffet is crowded by the tables and people coming in.  In essence, you're cramped down to a single line along the buffet and with barely 25% of the seats in the place filled, there were long lines for the carved meat, seafood and omellete stations and there are only one of each.  . . My girlfriend paid for brunch since I paid for dinner the night before, but from the moment my jaw dropped upon seeing the price - $90 and change for two people - things just kept getting worse.  We were first seated at a table which didn't have enough room to get into the second seat because it was crowded by a floor lamp.  They did move us, but I was extremely frustrated by this point.. . Mimosas are included with the exorbitant price, so I ordered two and my girlfriend went to get food.  She had barely sat down when a child, obviously neglected by his parents, lobbed this little rubber handle they give you to pick up the metal dishes at the buffet at her, hitting her in the hair and then bouncing off her and landing right in the middle of the plate.  It was covered in BBQ sauce, so now she's go sauce in her hair and this thing right in the middle of the plate of food she'd just waited in three different lines to get.  Next, the 'owner' of the kid (I say that because he obviously had no parenting skills) starts mouthing off to us and which point I just started motioning for the wait staff or anybody else who attention I could get.  As much as I wanted to rip him limb from limb (he did quiet down a bit when I stood up and he realized I was 6'5"/300), it's better to let the hotel handle it and I figured this way my chance to get out of this awful experience and get our money back.  As the manager approached, he started mouthing off again, swearing, etc. and I just told the manager I wanted this awful experience to end.  She took us to the front which calling security on the guy with the kid and refunded our money.. . Overall, and awful experience.  They did solve the problem and we did get our money back, but the bottom line is it's just another buffet and at $41.99/person, you can go to a decent restaurant for breakfast twice, get better food and not have to deal with the idiot tourists.. . Upon leaving, we went to Crystal's at City Center and ended up having lunch at Wolfgang Puck's.  Yea, I know it's a chain and I've eaten at the one at O'Hare too many times, but the service was fantastic, the food was good as usual and the atmosphere was soooooo much better.
Overpriced, long lines. Noisy. Only one variety of fish--salmon--and even for that had to wait. Rude sitters and the cashier.  Paris and Wynn were much better.
Was not impressed. Lines to long. Crazy expensive buffet, very little was decent-tasting. Staff not engaged.  Selection is not what is was 1 year ago, not executed well.   Staff cutting corners and on Halloween Night our food was old and stale.   Had breakfast at the Bellagio buffet the next day and it seemed  at least fresher and made to order - not mass produced and just setting there - Not worth the Price we paid.  Been 3 times - now I'm not sure about a 4th since quality is suffering and corners are being taken.  Disappointed.
Complete rip off. Paid $110 for 2 to eat a dinner that seemed like it was cooked at Denny's. . . Do not go here
well im sorry I can not agree with most ppl......this place was a priority for us as we read all the reviews ..well what a waste of money,we paid $39 for lunch.. all the food looked great  but that's as far as it goes , the seafood was tasteless and defrosted and watery such a disappointment , so I headed to the sausages and ribs , they looked delicious , well the ribs tadted of some sort of fuel its the first time I have ever had to remove food from my mouth, I tried the sausage and it was bland, so next buffalo wings that were a taste I couldn't stomach either so left all that and tried the chinese was a bit better but the main complaint was all the food was just warm........such a huge disappointment .so we no longer read reviews too many false ones .....so we took it upon ourselves and tried the Aria brunch, what a pleasant surprise food was lovely , service great and a nice variety, . Also the service in  Bacchanal Buffet   was not good or a happy place either also I noticed as we were walking in a lot of wasted food on plates so that tells you something, but if you do try it im sure you will agree its terrible , maybe we are used to lovely fresh seafood in Australia and our quality of meat must be better because if this is  one of the best buffets in vagas, then most of the ppl who reviewed this and said it was good must be used to poor quality food , tasteless and obviously do not know quality eating ,id  then id hate to see the worst buffet if this is a good 1 .
Got a comp because everyone in our party got food poisoning, came back to redeem it and the dark lady at the counter wouldn't redeem it nor call the manager. Wouldn't let my dog eat here. Don't take chances, you'll get sick and they'll treatyou like crap.
This buffet sucked! You'd be better off going to Hometown Buffet. The Rio and Mirage buffets are still far better than this dive. The design and atmosphere is simplistic and strange.  They could have made this place much more Romanequese. It may have been named after a Roman God but the food and atmosphere wasn't even good enough for mere mortals like us.
I think this is not a new buffet in town!! I just went there on Thanksgiving day, which is not the first Thanksgiving day. OMG I have to wait for 5 hours to be seated. Unprofessional management, there are a lot of table empty but no one clean it, so there are only 70% can provide to customers. 30% left unattended. . . They charge for $10.- extra for Thanksgiving but no sign posted. . . There have only 2 staffs working for almost 500 customers. Those 2 staffs served only their "DIAMOND" guest. The rest, just keep waiting, they don't care!!! . . When I complain to one of their staff, she complain to manager, who standing and do nothing, I just got bluffs back that he will kick me out from the hotel!!! WTF . . He treated his staff better than his customers.. . The food is great!! but I lost my appertise already.
We did not have to wait and got right in which was good.Service was good and friendly even got me the drink I asked for that was not on their list.. . FOOD. Awful not like it used to be at all. Crab legs still tasted frozen and no meat inside. Sushi don't even try. Mussels awful and dry. . Duck and charcuterie was ok but not worth $40 each.. . Hubby hated his lamb chops and could not eat them as smelled like burned rubber. . Won't come back too much hype for nothing at a high price!!!
Nothing special.. . Service: Average.. Price: Relatively expensive, not worth it in my opinion.. Food: Nothing special. . - Fried Chicken was dry. - Burger sliders tasted like cafeteria food from middle school. - Sushi was terrible. - It goes on and on... . . . But the worst part was finding an eyelash in my girlfriend's creme brulee. Told one of the server and she supposedly told the manager, but never got back to me (So I'm not even sure she did). I decided to go tell management myself and their reply was "Sorry, would you like another one?"..........It's a buffet, I can get it myself. At least offer a partial refund to rectify the situation.
Don't believe the Hype - tad better than other buffet and not worth the wait and $$$. Go somewhere else, food is NOT fresh and yuck, yuck, yuck
I feel like a pig eating at the trough - that's the kind of food u get from this buffet after 2.5 hours wait. Don't waste your time and belly. Go somewhere else unless you like to be a pig - oink, oink, oink.
The worst experience.. Ruined the first night of LV... Nothing but disappointment.... 2&1/2 hours wait, $130 for 2 including tip.. From the reviews from others, my expectation was very high... Dry sushi (rice was hard, dry tuna), salad- not fresh, too saggy, soup (tom yum soup-- TOO salty), corn chowder with lobster-- what am i having here? No taste of lobster, just corn and strong bacon taste,  clams & mussels-- too dry, I took them and lost my appetite... Seriously?? This place is supposed to be THE BEST buffet in LV?  My hubby and I could have gone somewhere else and could have enjoyed better quality meals than this.. We will never come here again...No star... But I guess I need to give one?
This is my first review. I've wanted to leave reviews in the past, but didn't really get around to it as I'm usually left satisfied or didn't want to make a big deal about food taking a little too long or service not being the greatest. I feel very compelled to write one about this buffet as it seems so highly praised by many. . . Appetizer:. First, the wait (to pay) was about two hours. I guess that's what's expected as it's the holidays, so Ok. But after paying it splits off into two separate lines; apparently one for groups 5+ and one for less than 5. We had a party of four and get into one line. After waiting for about 20 min I'm told [by the photographer] that we are in the wrong line and that we should have been told to get in the line for parties less than 5. A hostess came and took our ticket and said we could stay in that line since the cashier didn't inform us of the different lines; I thought that was nice of her. After another 20 min we notice that no parties are being pulled from our line and the people that were in back of us in the original line have caught up to us. I'm pretty irked at that point so I ask the hostess what's going on here.  Quite rudely, she said that since many people were not told of the different lines they took people's tickets and started going by the time that they paid. After a little back and forth I say 'fine'. And then somehow a family in back of us gets pulled?? How would they have paid before us but ended up in back of us in the same line? Also, they had 3-4 workers in the front trying to organize that fiasco, which seems like a huge waste of manpower. . . Entree:. Once we finally got in, 3 hrs & 10 min later, we are pretty impressed of the size of the buffet, however much of it was very disorganized. For example, the condiments for the meats were at the beginning of the line, so once you get your selections you have to go back for the jous, mustard, etc. They had hot/boiled crab, but then had to go to 'the seafood' section for butter and lemons. . Much of their food wasn't labeled, which wasn't the worst thing. Their Asian food was pretty good, besides their sushi section, which was very lacky. . . Dessert:. Between plates I did some observing since we had to wait a while for plates to be cleared. I started to see why the wait was so long. Two tables next to us had left and they had sat dirty for at least 20 min. By the time we left they were still dirty. . And the cherry on top: as we were waiting for coffee for our desserts, a manager comes up to us and 'politely' tells us that there is a two hour limit and shows us our receipt and that we had been there for nearly two and a half hours. Of course, at the end he says that we can take our time. He was going by the time of when we paid and failed to realize that it had taken us 45 min after that to get seated! If we're spending $200+ and waiting that long, go away and let us be/take our sweet time, please. And, do not rush us when dirty tables have been sitting for nearly half an hour! . And a side note on their disorganization: we had called in earlier in the day and asked the price and approximate wait time for dinner. We were told that it was $50.99 and the wait for dinner is usually about one hour. We get there and it's $53.99 and a 3 hour wait. Not a big deal on the price difference but just reiterates their lack of organization. I guess they won't go announcing how long the wait actually is since it would probably deter a lot of people, but just adds to the overall negative experience. . . Overall, the food was OK, but the service really killed it for me. I'm sure if service was better/decent and the wait wasn't as long as a theme park ride, we would've enjoyed it more. But, their dessert section was a little lack - luster for being 'the best buffet in Vegas'. I would much prefer the M Hotel or the Bellagio. . Do not go unless this is how you want to spend most of your day and evening. We left to go there at 2PM, got in line at 3PM, and left the buffet around 8:15.. . As there are many positive reviews on this buffet, I'm sure this one isn't worth two s#%@*, but those are at least my two cents.
Absolutely ridiculous, I understand that Christmas eve is busy and you may not have table available or need us to wait 3 hours to come back with a ticket. But changing the time on the ticket and telling us to go to the back of the line 2, 3 times is highly unprofessional and frankly not acceptable.
After the 3 hour wait which was for the payment line of $60 pp, then another wait of 20 min for a table we had less than a full hour before closing. Keep in mind we arrived around 5:30 on a Tues. The wait and $ was so not worth it, a huge disappointment.  The line for seafood was long, the meat looked like it had been sitting around,  lots of labels missing so you just don't know what stuff is, very sad.
We went here yesterday on Christmas Eve. We didn't know that the lunch price was twice the regular price.. $50/person + tax!!!  But we already waited 2.5 hours to get in and plus the Yelp reviews already gave the place so much hype so, FINE... Let's see what this was all about!. . I was very disappointed at the Bachannal. It was our furst time here and I don' think we'll be back again. The quality of the food was real BAD. The prime rib was dry and chewy. They even ran out of au jus, which was weird. Beef brisket was too salty, so were the fried chicken and scalloped potatoes. The crab legs were FROZEN! There was still ice on most of the crab I got. The Mexican foods station was a mess. So were the bread and cheese station. The Chinese and Dim sum area looked okay, but for $50+ price tag, why would I go for those?! I also didn't care much for the pizza and pasta.. . On to desserts... I was looking specifically for the macaroons and red velvet pancakes. But there's none! I went back 3 times to the dessert station, still none. So I asked one of the servers there and she said they ran out. What? Seriously? But but but it was ONLY 2pm, how could they already run out? And why would they even run out of those items?! That is sooooo unacceptable!. . As for service, it was okay. The staff was fast and friendly, and several servers help you on your table. The first waitress who came to our table took our order for drinks then went away. Then, as I looked around us, I noticed most people were having champagne and mimosas. Another new waiter brought us our drinks, so I asked him if the champagne was included in the buffet price. It turns out that it was! Again, a disappointment. We should have been told early on. If I didn't ask, I don't think they would have told us. The people from the other table heard me ask and it turns out, they weren't informed also. So lesson learned, just go ahead and don't be shy to ask.. . So again, overall,  I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THE BACHANNAL. If I can take my  $50 back, I would just skip the LV buffets and, instead, find me a nice sit-down restaurant where I can have a nice 3-course gourmet dinner which I will truly savor and enjoy.. . . P.S. If anyone reading this happens happens to love brunch buffets and gets to visit SF and the peninsula, I would recommend the Cliff House champagne brunch ($45+). If you really really want to treat yourself and you definitely deserve to splurge now and then, go to the Navio for brunch in Ritz Carlton Half Moon Bay ($100+)! The Navio is the BEST top-notch high quality brunch I have ever had. Every dollar is really definitely worth it!!!
Bacchanal you have let me down! . . The one star is for downgrading food and the bad service from this head of the host guy.    . . We have been here since March 2013 and the food has downgraded a major major level!!! There used to be Asian chicken soup, awesome soup station and tomahawk  ribeye to name a few of my favorites.  They stop serving any of the above and what's even better it's $60 pp for dinner!!. . Now, the service; The look-like-manager, head of host STEVEN KUO is an a$$hole.  We were here with a party of 8 and wanted to put together 2 tables right next to each other where MR.KUO claims it's too small even though we say we don't mind.  He insist saying that you'd have to wait another 30 minutes if we would like a table together. If we had to split into 2 tables why do we have to pay 18% gratuity? WHY if we are sitting at two separate tables and have to pay 18% tip? MR manager STEVEN KUO please Fix your attitude and retake customer service 101!!!!!!!!!!!!
Christmas Day dinner here. Call eve and got the price for holiday ,$60 instead of $50.. Went to get in line at 3pm.. Surprise they say it was sold out.. So they won't let people wait in line at all.. And then to milk u more, they say u can pay for express lane then u can eat here tonight. At $20 more per person.. Gotta be joking to hear a buffet sold out n then to pay more then its not sold out.. For almost $100 person , I don't even want to try..
Not worth the hype at all.  We went here on Xmas eve and was literally in line for what felt like hours.  We decided to pay extra to skip the larger line only to find ourselves in a shorter line that took 45 minutes.  It seemed like those Diamond, Seven star members kept popping up in front of us!  Then more lines at every freakin' station!  Since we're patient people, I wouldn't have minded the lines if the food was worth it.  . . Cocktail shrimp -- good, but could someone really mess this up?. Prime rib -- bleh... tasteless, dry, unappetizing (i was thinking thank gawd this is a buffet and I can politely leave the food on my plate without feeling bad about wasting money).. Lamb chops -- pretty good if you don't get a dry piece. Onion rings/fries -- good, but c'mon that's expected right?. Paella -- decent. Oysters -- not the freshest... wouldn't recommend for those with weak stomachs. Crab legs -- ok, standard. Desserts -- good selection... too bad I'm not a sweets person. .... ... . list goes on but nothing that really stood out.. . Vegas has alot to offer and I'm definitely better off spending my moola in those other places!
Tried this place for the first time this past weekend. Came here for Sunday Brunch with my family. There were about 13 of us (8 adults, 3 kids, and 2 toddlers) . . There is a 18% Gratuity Charge for parties over 8. That's like an additional $75 bucks for us getting our own food, just to be seated together. Seriously?! We decided we didn't want to pay that ridiculous amount for minimal service. Which I'm glad we didn't. The waitress rarely came by to our area. So they spilt us all apart. One group of 4 adults, 1 kid, and 2 toddlers. Then 2 adults and 2 kids. Then finally 2 adults. They wouldn't sit the 4 adults and 2 kids together. Seriously?! That's just bullshit. When the lady in the front obviously told us we can do 4 adults on each table. Then her dumbass changed her mind. Ugh so annoyed.. . Food was only ok, but not worth $48. Some stuff are overly salted. Others are just plain. Only 2 things I actually liked there was giant shrimps and the crepes. . . For the price you pay, you would think they would be a lot larger. Nope. I think they're actually smaller than most of the other buffets. . . Would I come back here? Nope. Not even if you paid me to. Bad first impression.
We went to dinner and we were expecting lots of seafood and a variety of sushi. Very disappointed and over priced. The salmon was over salted.We tried it and are never going back.
So here's what happened:. My family and I came on Christmas Day and had to wait 4 hours. FOUR FREAKING HOURS?!?!?!??! Are you kidding me?!?!??! But you know what? It'll be okay right? After this is SUPPOSED to be the best buffet in vegas. So we waited, got seated, and went to go ransack this joint. . Food was okay, nothing stood out, except maybe the pho.. . Now onto the desserts. THIS is where it gets disappointing. . So one of the much anticipated options with this buffet is the fact that you can get made to order souffles, right? The employees DENIED that. WHAT?!!??? I don't even want to talk about this anymore...And then, they ran out of chocolate strawberries, and said they wouldn't make any more. WHY?!?!! I also tried the thai tea gelato and mochi ice cream. Thai tea gelato was flavorless and I've had better mochi ice cream from my local grocery store.. . Overall this place is NOT worth coming to. GO TO WICKED SPOON
Incredibly overpriced for the quality. Tourists seem really easy to please, while Caesars takes them for hundreds of dollars at this mediocre buffet. The decor is nice, the food is not. At my meal, I literally turned away 3 plates of food because when they arrived back at the table, the food tasted old, bland, and disgusting. I'm floored by all the five star reviews!! What, do you folks eat at McDonald's everyday? Wow.
I have been to a lot of buffets in Las Vegas, and I wanted to try Bacchanal for the first time since it had a lot of good reviews.  . Words can not begin to describe how disappointed I was!!  $58/person + tip, ok it better be good.  NO!!  EVERYTHING was cooked with salt and no other flavor.  And it wasa LOT of salt.  . Not as much selection as Bellagio or Studio B.  Especially the desert section.  . With the 2-3 hours wait and the price, go to Bellagio or Wicked Spoon.  . The only good I found at this place was the host was kind enough to let people at the end of the line know they would not have more than 1/2 hr to eat since they were there so late.  Other than that, nothing else was good about this place.
It was a 5 hour wait to get in. Once we had paid, it was still 30 minutes to be seated. Service was OK, but not great. It was way over priced. Some items were good, but most were sub par. I paid over $50 a person, and most everything was disappointing. The crab legs were flavorless, the crayfish weren't very good either. Of the 60+ items I tried, I found two that were outstanding(the tacos, and the lamb), and for the price/wait, everything should have been. . . Save yourself the hassle, either go to an actual restaurant, of a $30 buffet, and you'll get as good or better quality, without the wait.
