Worst buffet I've been to on the strip.. . Their desserts are delicious. They have cotton candy and chocolate covered strawberries. . . The food, however, is bland and boring. The selection is poor. Definitely not worth time and money. Go somewhere else! I would suggest walking over to Paris and eat at theirs.
I don't get how this place gets good reviews. It's like one of the cheapest (quality and taste wise) buffet that i had in vegas. Total was $60 sth for 2 for that quality of food? It's not comparable to any other hotel buffets for that same price. . . The quality of the food is just bleh. Everything from decor to presentation to taste is just very whatever. My usual favorite part of the buffet - dessert section just completely turned me down. C'mon..soft served ice cream??? (not even comparable to souplantations soft served). It's more like hometown buffet quality but hometown is 3 times less the price. . . Ahh. Despite the desserts, other food was just not to my taste. It's true that there are a little bit of everything, from american to italian, asian, middleeastern, mexican, etc, but nothing was really that good. Probably the best thing that i had was a piece of prime rib that i got when we first sat down. When i went to get another piece later on, they already got a new chunk of meat, and that second piece was complete RAW, dripping blood. . . I've been eager to try this place because i think this is one of the few buffets that i haven't tried in vegas and with pretty good reviews. Not a good decision. I will probably never go back again unless it's free.
A complete waste of money and time...thank goodness we were on the BOB (Buffet of Buffet)...visiting for lunch and it looked like food was slapped together.  Only half the buffet was open and the selection was very disappointing.. . The  surprising part was the disappointing food...at the carving station they were serving the NY strip...I love NY Strip, but this was closer to a shoe leather and tasted like it as well.  The rest of the buffet was bland, flavorless, boring, and a complete disappointment.. . Thank goodness we were on a BOB so aside from a tip, we left and went to Paris Village Buffet to make up for the disappointment.
So far I've only tried Harrah's & here & PH....spice market is gross.  Food selection is poor, and the quality is even worse.  Avoid this place!
Stood in line for about an hour after a long nights drive and morning on the strip, I was STARVING! We waited upstairs and were let onto the escalator where I thought we were to be seated, but NOPE! There was about another two hour long waiting line downstairs! I immediately left very hungry and pissed off and could tell the others in line were just as mad as I was. P.S. the service is lousy. The guy letting people downstairs was a jerkoff. Went to CaboWabo instead.
I have no idea what the other reviewers are smoking, because this food was completely inedible. I am by no means a snob about food.  I like everything from In N' Out to organic free range beef.  I just like food that tastes good, the end. . . And when I am hungover and starving, I am incredible easy to please when it comes to food. So, Sunday morning in Vegas I could have eaten just about anything and have been happy. However, I took one bite of each thing on my plate- which was a sampling from each different cuisine "area," and couldn't stomach a second bite of anything. It was so incredibly gross, there is no other word for it. I was in a group of five people and we all could not believe how disgusting the food was.  We all left hungry- from a buffet!!. . I really can't understand how anyone could give this buffet a positive review on Yelp.  I can only hope that I can save someone their $25 by stopping them from eating here. We almost warned the people in line as we were leaving.  The only good part about our meal was our server, Nina, who was so friendly and sweet and amazing, we didn't have the heart to tell her how bad the food was. Plus it's not like she cooked it, anyway. So, this one star is for you, Nina!
Its my pet peeve when buffets have a label that says "Eggs Benedict". . Excuse me Planet Hollywood but those were more like McDonalds egg mcfuffin with fake hollandaise sauce!! The eggs were no where near "poached". . Ok so besides that irritating me, I must say, this has been one of the worst buffets I've tried in Vegas. Save that $15. Go to the M Resort for $10 instead or try the Wynn for breakfast. They are so much better.. . I must have came in on bad day. But it was Monday for breakfast and the employees took an incredibly long time to refill the stations....so long that when I left 30 minutes later, it still wasnt refilled. So there goes the pastry station for me. Everything else just seemed so "watered down or over cooked" Not worth my money. Will not be returning to this buffet or casino! Reviewing the casino next!
Don't do it... Save you're money for the M resort Studio B buffet it might be off the strip and 15mins away but its worth it. Spice Market was mediocre and costly for absolutely no selection. I should of read the reviews before going there...Shame on me!!
I can't believe some of the ratings.  Did we go to a different buffet?  The one at Planet Hollywood?  We were on line for 45mins even when we could see there were empty tables because the staff couldn't get them cleaned fast enough and the front of the house couldn't coordinate with the waitstaff.  . . When we were finally seated, our waiter was nowhere to be seen.  I saw a waitress, for another table of course, who was carrying a platter of hot towels with lemons on top of them, but I guess those were for patrons who were paying more for their food than we were.. . They had a great many different stations, but really, someone thought they were serving Chinese food?  Did anyone even consult a Chinese?  And the seafood, what a laugh.  Do people know that almost all the buffets in Vegas have shrimp and  snow crab legs.  I know it's fashionable to be skinny but I don't want crabs that were on a diet.  My husband says that for all the stink of the seafood, there weren't enough meat on them to compensate.  . . We didn't stay around too long.  When we thought about the $70 (including tip) that we paid, we left with a slight tummy ache (and not from a full stomach) but it was better than trying to eat the mush.  There was food spilled all around the stations that no one cleaned up and pasta that came up as one lump when I tried to grab some with the tongs.  It was better to leave than to sit there and get upset.  Never going back there again.
Richard Pro here with another review. I've had extensive experience dining at Las Vegas buffets for the past seven years.. . Back when this hotel was Aladdin, the buffet was unbelievable. You'll see outside when you line up allthe awards the buffet has won. Sadly, this is all in the past. The buffet today at Planet Hollywood is awful and nothing compared to before. The dim lighting had always been a turn off to me, but the food used to be so amazing and unique that I had to come here every time. Now I don't make any stops at this buffet during my annual trip to Vegas in December.. . Taste and variety leave much to be desired. Food here used to taste like it was made by a real chef. Now the food tastes like something anyone can make. . . One star. I hate how the buffet began as king, the best on the Strip, and transformed into a place with terrible food.
i am not sure why there would be any review higher than 1.  ppl giving this place a good review must not had a decent buffet before.  everything we had was super salty.  the prime rib was raw, and all the fruits there are from cans.  the only things that were ok were the shrimp cocktails and the salad.  my friend had stomach sickness the same night after dining here.
Considering it's Vegas, this buffet needs to step it up. . And I somewhat left hungry because nothing there was good besides my chocolate crepe.. Bellagio's is much better!
Went here for brunch with a group of people on a Saturday. There wasn't a long wait at all so we sat down pretty quick. For $20, I guess you get what you pay for; especially since that's CHEAP for Vegas. I honestly can't tell you what I liked the most because the food there was sub par. All of their "international stations" were really sad looking. They had cold grilled veggies in the "salad" station which was deceiving. Grilled is suppose to be HOT not COLD. Seafood station was also upsetting. No CRAB LEGS!!! Really, what Vegas buffet does not have CRAB LEGS? Moving onto the "italian station" - also very upsetting. They didn't even have a basic spaghetti with meatsauce/marinara/alfredo. It was pizza and breadsticks with some type of nasty looking pasta, and grilled "hot" veggies. OH and they had scrambled eggs at the italian stations, weird?! Next up was the breakfast/dinner/mixed with everything station. I wanted a small piece of prime rib, asked for med well, and got rare!! Ugh, I HATED wasting food. It's very upsetting when you go to a buffet, and when the waiter takes your plate, all the food is still left on there. Now that's when you know that the food was not good. . . SIGHS, I would have rather spent that $20 at the Feast Buffet at Sunset Station. At least their food was good.
Terrible. That sums up my experience here. . . Food used to be so good here, back in the Aladdin days. The seafood was fresh and there was lots of it, all different types. Now you are left with crab legs and shrimp; my guess? both from the same distributor that does all the buffets. In other words, flash frozen, not much flavor, ordinary not extraordinary stuff. . . There wasn't one item I ate today that I would consider tasting 'good'. Not excellent, just 'good'. That's how far my standards have fallen here. The prime rib piece that I got was well done. I would say it once had a chance at good flavor, but not when it reached that temperature. The sushi consisted of three types all stacked on top of it other in one tray. Other than that, everything I ate, I literally took one bite of and then stopped. Even my 5 year old son, who loves desserts, stopped after one bite of his creme brulee and fruit tart. He didn't like either. Doesn't that sum it up? And I haven't started with my two major complaints. First is the price. My son, who again is 5, costs a whopping $19.99. That is highway robbery. Our dinners costs $36.99. Again a huge gouge fest. This buffet, in terms of quality and taste, I wouldn't pay more than $9.99.. . And since the line was so long, they had an upstairs line, then the escalator, then it continues to a downstairs line. My cousin was waiting in line for us, and she had gotten to the downstairs part. The idiot who was controlling the top of the escalator wouldn't let me pass, even though my cousin was downstairs. In fact he didn't let many people pass, who's families were already in the downstairs line. Do people really f you over so much that you are a dick to all the families? Do you think I'm trying to bs you, as I am pushing my aunt in her wheelchair? Did you think the wheelchair was fake too so I can get some sympathy from you and try to steal my place in the front of the line? . . As I write a letter to corporate to complain about this establishment, I will now write the same here on yelp. I will never again visit this buffet, and I would advise any living soul, for as long as I live, never ever come here.
The food is mediocre and the service is poor. Most of the servers don't have initiative when it comes to refilling beverages, removing used plates from the table and no teamwork. I asked one server if I could get another set of silverware. The server just looked at me and called to another server that worked in our section. No courtesy and no acknowledgment.
The worst buffet I have ever been to the wait was only 30 min but considering the food selection, quality and service it was too long of a wait! We got seated and went to get our food, the "American" section didn't have the classics like; burgers, dogs, mashed potatoes and good ribs! The "Italian" section didn't have any fettuccine Alfredo or lasagna, the "Asian" section was OK the chow mien and fried rice wasn't bad. The "Mexican" section was the worst part (Iam of Mexican and Guatemalan decent) and was ashamed of the selection and quality of this section. It was horrible, the rice was  under cooked and did not look appetizing, typical tacos and fajitas had a "Mediterranean" Section which I didn't bother trying and Also a "Seafood" section which I don't eat seafood so didn't bother either. The service was just as bad as the food, we had to wait almost 10 min into our meal to get our drinks and our waiter was acting like we were bothering him for things! I literally sat for 20 min with 2 dirty plates in front of me before he can to pick them up and getting refills was like pulling teeth. But he was all smile and fast with a party of almost 18 people that had been seated a few feet away from us! I will never go back to this buffet again and would never recommend this buffet to anyone!!!
Worst Buffet ever! . Never again. . Quality sucks, Service Too!
This review will be short, sweet, and simple. . . This is one of the WORST buffets that I have been to in my entire life, and living in Las Vegas for 24 years has definitely given me experience with buffets.. . It was about $40 for two people at lunch. The food was horrendous for the most part, with the exception of a handful of dishes. It was unclear whether we had a waitress after we received our first drinks because she disappeared. . . We would have been better off going to the Rio Buffet not only for the awesome local discount, but also because the food is A MILLION (no exaggeration) times better there than at the Spice Market Buffet. Even rinky-dink buffet-like restaurants like Souper Salad and Sweet Tomatoes have better offerings than this place.. . Don't take the escalator down to this buffet, it is an escalator trip that spells impending doom to your stomach.
i went to this place january 3rd and it was a MESS! i will never go to this buffet! the food was just okay. it was nothing special,but the way the waitress snapped at me for no damn reason is what made me the most upset.. . as soon as i sat down i should have left. this waitress came to our table to take our order. it was 4 of us at the table. one person asked for coke. the other asked for a sprite or something and the waitress said they didn't have it. SINCE she said they didn't have such a popular soda, when she got to me i asked her what sodas DID they have then? don't you know this hooker told me "honey we have lots of drinks so just hurry up and pick one" WTF?! you don't have the drinks posted anywhere! on top of that you JUST said you don't have a drink that they have at every other restaurant and even fast food place so how else will i know what you do and don't have?. . the cashier was also very snappy and had an attitude and then ANOTHER waitress is treating her fellow employee like shit by yelling at him in front of everybody. this place definitely doesn't respect the patron's hard earned money by acting that way. i should have just gone to mcdonalds. (actually i DID go to mcdonalds the next day and the service and food was wayy better)
Honestly this is the worst buffet I have been to in Vegas.  Me and my boyfriend decided to go here on a whim because we got hungry and were closest to Planet Hollywood.  We had heard good things about SMB from other people and we decided to break our one buffet in Vegas rule to try it.  We were excited to  it was a few bucks cheaper than some of the other buffets on the strip and offered a discount if you join the players club for Planet Hollywood.   . . The line didn't seem very long when we got there but it tripled well we were waiting for a table.  It was a Sunday night in March.  I can't imagine this place on a Friday or Saturday.  This made me even more excited to try it.  Why would it be so busy if it wasn't good???  . . It took 30 minutes to get a table that was practically in the walkway. Not very relaxing trying to eat dinner and feeling like you're in the way of traffic.  There were other open tables available I don't know why a place would seat us in such an awkward spot.  It was nice there was a card to fill out for drink orders so we didn't have to wait for the server.  We went for it and both filled our first plate up.  I was disappointed to come back and find no one had come by to get our drink order.  We started eating anyway.  We both had gotten through our first plate by the time our drink order was taken.  I was so thirsty.  This was not the servers fault.  They were clearly waaaay understaffed.  Our poor server was literally sprinting back and forth between tables dripping in sweat.  I made sure to tip him a few dollars  before we left.  I'm sure tipping isn't well practiced in buffets but I think it should be.  The food was mostly greasy fried food. Overcooked or cold and terrible quality.   Our plates stacked up next to us and no one came to clear them.The atmosphere was similar to a school cafeteria with framed movie posters on the wall.    I get that it's a buffet but when places like Wicked Spoon are only $10 more and so much better overall why would I ever come back here???. . About and hour after we ate I got extreme stomach pains and felt awful.  It almost kept me in for the night but luckily the Venetian Apothecary revived me with medicine and after a few drinks I was ready to head out :)  My boyfriend felt fine* but I'm not gonna chance ever eating here again.  I've never felt so sick from a buffet. . . *He didn't eat any of the crab legs or shrimp cocktail.  Maybe I should have known better.
Worst buffet so far! Overpriced and their breakfast was limited to seven different styles of eggs! The waitress with an attitude fishin for a tip? Huh? Blame your no tip on the overpriced bland food!
Eeeeek!  What happened?!?!  The Spice Market Buffet was once among our Vegas favorites, but now we'd avoid it like the plague after our recent visit while in sin city!  We got there early enough to beat the worse of the dinner crowd, and had nearly no wait in line.  Our table offered a great view of the many suckers who arrived later and elected to pay the extra $12 to enter the speed pass-esque priority line.  Out of everything we had only one thing - watermelon - qualified as very good.  The rest was mediocre, sub-par or downright inedible!  Of particular note were the Mega dry and unappetizing bread/roll offerings.  Nothing like a crumbling, bone dry roll to get your dinner off to a crappy start!  The ever popular crab legs were so so at best, being on the smallish size and in some instances stringy (instead of offering those to-die-for yummy chunks that may be had from good, properly done legs).  It was also disturbing to see so many foodstuffs that didn't even LOOK appealing, amongst the various sections of the buffet.  Major, major disappointment, and not because we're overly picky (as my next review re: Bellagio's brunch bufdet attests)... perhaps a microcosm of Vegas... shovel out your cash, and don't expect a good return on investment!!!
Disgusting food! High fructose corn syrup and GMO in everything. And they charge 20 bucks. I felt so sick and threw up after I had breakfast there. The service was terrible, our waiter disappeared, no one speaks English, depressing atmosphere,  I will NEVER go there again!
This so-called buffet is located downstairs in the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino.. . There was a long line, but the wait was only about 10-12 minutes. Ended up paying $27.99 since I had my player's card, but my friend ended up paying $30.00 since she didn't bring hers.. . Anyway, I had a little bit of each cuisine, except the Mexican, since I accidentally spilled water all over it. Unfortunately, it would take me forever to nit-pick what was wrong with each dish, so I'm just going to be listing what I didn't like about each one here:. . American:. . Rag-out: mushrooms tasted like they were uncooked, sauce was flavorless. Macaroni & cheese: it didn't taste like cheese, or pasta; plus the cheese was sort of clear(eww!). . Mediterraenean:. . Naan with mango chutney: Okay. The mango was a little too sweet for my liking, but it wasn't terrible.. . Seafood:. king crab legs: these were going fast; not sure why though. They could have at least provided some melted butter so it wouldn't be so bland. clams: tasted like mussels; though that's not necessarily a bad thing. . Italian:. . 3 cheese lasagna: similar to the type of lasagna you'd get at Sbarro. A-ok.. . I didn't have any of the salads, but my friends said they were good. . . And now, for the desserts, which was the worst part of the meal:. . Seafood:. king crab legs: these were going fast; . clams: tasted like mussels; though that's not necessarily a bad thing. . carrot cake: basically, they baked carrots into rye bread.. flan: weird, because the sauce was good, but flan itself was like flavorless jello. . strawberry cheesecake: okay, so they decided not put any sugar in it. Oh, and they substituted some crumbly feta cheese for the cream cheese. Awful, just awful.. creme brulee: the top wasn't even glazed over and crunchy; you're supposed to crack the top of a creme brulee to eat it. The inside tasted very eggy, and the texture was just like pudding.. lemon meringue tart: Guess they decided to save money and just use the same filling for the creme brulee and the lemon meringues. . . Hands down the worst dining experience I have ever had in my life. Though I didn't try much of the Mediterranean cuisine, my friends said that and the salads were the only tasty parts of their meal. The only thing I liked about eating here was that they had cotton candy.
I was hardly impressed, especially for a $20 a person weekday breakfast buffet. Showed up and had to wait in line, and then another line after paying. Service could've been more friendly. When we were seated, our drink orders were taken. Milk was closer to warm than cold. Since the buffet is huge, my wife and I decided to walk around and preview what was available. I pretty much immediately regretted spending $40 on what was sure to be a sub par breakfast.. . Half the food I took was under temperature, and a lot of what was available looked VERY old. For a 9:30 breakfast in Vegas, this seems a little disturbing.. . They started bringing out cupcakes before we left, and some were pretty good. But honestly, nowhere near good enough to ever bring us back. If you're hanging on to "Best Buffet in Vegas" from like 5 years ago, I think it's time to refresh. I can't imagine paying for a dinner here-- there's no way it can be that much better.
Horrible - don't waste your time and money.. This buffet went so far downhill from when Aladdin name was around.. It used to be a great place with delicious food before change to Planet Hollywood.. Now for 35 dollars you get crap - and wait in a long line.. Food does not even look appetizing, especially crab legs and meat.. Dessert choices are non existent - most of them are just cupcakes.  And they taste awful. Stale cupcakes in an upscale buffet - someone from management needs to pay them a visit.  They used to have fresh made crepes, flambe them with liquor, add fresh fruit. Now there is a premade stack of crepes, they put some canned peaches and whipped cream and there you go!  No thanks.
Breakfast--cold- all prepared and put into trays. Only one station for freshly cooked food-crepes.  This buffet cost us $42.00.  Thank God we had a Planet Hollywood credit.  Even with the credit (free) this food was crap!
The Spice Market Haiku. . Champagne brunch is fun.. Taste foods from around the world.. All my meat is dry.. . The end.
felt like eating in the refugee camp.. $35 for the low end food is not worthy.. They asked for extra $20/ea for express line which actually slows down the regular line. Do want to give yourself a break before you step in.. Aria has much better buffet than this one.. . I give 1 star because there's no zero star is available.
$119 for three of us to eat. Food not fresh. Quality has realy dropped over recent years
I don't know where to start.  I am not pleased with the Spice Market.  If you want better food go to the Mess Deck on the USS Kearsarge LHD-3.  It felt like the food was prepared off-site in a factory and just warmed at the eatery.  I was expecting tasty South West Asian food, but instead it was canned Dolma, Hummus that tasted like diarrhea, and Chicken Kebab meat that tasted like super dry chicken breasts.  The deserts, they looked industrially manufactured off-site.  The coffee tasted worse than Mess Deck or Chow Hall coffee.  . . I wonder with plenty of 5 star reviews, I wondered if those customers were more drunk and intoxicated than an Infantry Marine or Deck Department Sailor suffering from ETOH poisoning.  . . The price wasn't even worth the crappy food, for better food, go to the Area 52 Chow Hall.
I think thisis probably the worse buffet I've been.  The food selection is limited, the quality is pretty low.  We saw quite few people just paid for their buffet & demand their money back after they saw the food selection, we just try to see how bad can it be, and it's really bad.  Very disappointed for the money we spend.
Why on earth do people go to buffets? it feels like cattle lining up and feeding from a trough! most buffet food is bland and mostly over priced anyways. Do people really get their moneys worth? . . Anyways, my review is for Breakfast. . The only pro to this buffet was it was free with booking the hotel. The eggs were so runny and cold yuck! every item was pretty bland, bacon was paper thin, every section just had the same selection of things. We would have rather paid our own money and have a nice breakfast somewhere else. I am not a buffet person and probably wont go back to one anytime soon. The bill would have been $45 dollars for fricken breakfast. Id like to know what idiots paying to go to these expensive Vegas buffets thinks paying over $25 for runny eggs is good value?
For many years this was the best buffet in Vegas, for me especially due to wonderful desert bar. But couple years ago they started increasing the price while converting the desert bar to just an ordinary selection of deserts you can find in any buffet. This place is no longer great to eat and look at, it's becoming an ordinary, overpriced buffet.
Had heard wonderful things about the Spice Market Buffet so wanted to give it a try. I am Indian so was excited when I saw tandoori chicken, chicken curry and naan at the buffet but I was extremely disappointed. The tandoori chicken was absolutely not marinated, they just added a crap ton of red coloring to make it look appetizing. The naan is not really naan but just pita bread...false advertising?. . Out of all the sections, I probably liked the seafood section the most but was a little careful because I didn't want to eat too much seafood and get a stomach ache later. The Asian section was horrible! The lo mein was so dry and the chicken looked rubbery and fake, again...I was extremely disappointed.. . I could keep going on and on about all the crap food but I think you get the idea. The best part of the entire buffet was our server. She was very sweet and the only reason I'm giving Spice Market a star is because of her.. . Weekend lunch price is $30.99+tax/person and that is definitely a rip off. For the quality of the food, it should be more like $9.99/person. . Kinda bummed that we shelled out so much $$$ for horrible food but it happens and at least we gave these so called amazing buffets a shot...never again.
we bought the BUFFET OF BUFFETS 24 HOUR PASS - which included the PH the spice market buffet ... the majority of the food was very salty ...
Really wanted to like this buffet but it was "just OK" nothing special. Usual crappy buffet staples. A few standouts, I mean VERY few: tempura shrimp, bao buns & baklava were pretty good, these were the reason for 1 star, pretty pathetic! Especially since we paid $35 a person on a saturday night, wait time wasnt too bad.
Food was just ok. Lots of variety but Every thing very generic. Derserts very disappointing look good but all the cup cakes dry and awful! Won't be back a specially For 30$ a pop.
Ehhhh. Couldn't get a med rare cut of prime rib to save my ass. It was all med-well to well. Gross!
We came here on a Sunday for lunch. More than $50 for the two of us because of the "holiday" weekend  (Memorial Day). . . It was about 3pm, so there were a lot of empty tables. We paid and were told to stand behind two other parties and wait to be seated. A few minutes passed before those people were seated by a woman who never returned, and then we proceeded to wait...and wait....and wait some more. After ten more minutes, a large queue had formed behind us and we were all asking the cashiers where the host was. She said the host was "on her way" but no one ever appeared. A handful of employees and waiters passed the long line of angry customers, and NO ONE seated us. All the employees were looking at each other in confusion, but no one took charge.. . We were finally seated in a nearly empty dining room by Luis. My husband and I informed him we had been waiting for over 15 minutes to be seated and asked for an explanation. He just kept saying the large open area of seating was "closed" (for no apparent reason) and that they couldn't find Joy, the lady who usually seats people. He nodded along to our complaints and said he would "tell Joy." How about you tell management that Joy is not doing her job?. . The buffet itself is average. The sushi was bad and so was the "Italian" food. Their only strong suit is the dessert bar--it's full of tons of cupcake flavors, ice cream and cotton candy. . . I'd never been to Planet Hollywood before, and this is absolutely my last time at their buffet and casino. Don't waste your money on mediocre food and TERRIBLE service.
Don't go here. Ever.. . This was my first dinner outing during my trip to Vegas this May.  I was so highly disappointed.  I had only heard buffets in Vegas are amazing.  This was NOT amazing.  This was disgusting.. . Of all the food I could not even find one thing to get, I decided making a salad would be my safest bet. Yeah right! The salad bar was a joke, gross lettuce, croutons and dressing. Like no veggies!! I made a pathetic excuse for a salad, and ending up filling up on cupcakes.  Which were nothing to write home about either.  The few I had were super dry.. . Not only was this buffet gross, it was robbery!!! $70 for the two of us for garbage! Never again, never again. They even try to take your photo upon arrival... can you imagine purchasing one?! No thank you!!!! Don't need a memory of the awfulness that cost us $70
We stood in line almost an hour to pay and be seated - not because there was a super-long line, but because these people don't give a tiny rat's butt about their potential customers.  During this hour, we dealt with a pissy, inconsiderate cashier with one of the most terrible attitudes I've ever encountered (Veronica, honey - you SUCK at customer service).  She stalled people, saying she couldn't check them out, then would send them to another register, only for folks to be turned away & come back.  Upon the hungry masses descending on her again, Veronica suddenly had to count change in her register.  When another lady showed at the next register and desperately starving people crowded around her, she loudly announced, "I'm NOT a cashier."  The service here is simply abhorrent prior to the meal.  Even the seating hostess we had the pleasure (displeasure??) of encountering couldn't deign to mumble a greeting. The actual food was alright. Decent selection but scarce - there were no salad products on the salad bar. Desserts were mostly cupcakes presented in a lovely display, but they were dry and tasteless.  The only positive we encountered was wait staff - the girl who brought us beverages was courteous, attentive, and even smiled on occasion.  Overall, there are far better things to waste your $$$ on in Vegas.
Definitely will not be coming back here ever again!!!. . The type of people that come here make the buffet worse than it is!. . When in line to pay, this rude black lady was talking to me like I didn't speak english. I may be asian, but I definitely know how to speak english. She told us "there is another cashier on the other side" but there were so many people squished together, we did not want to squish through and be squished while paying! So I let her know that we know we have the option, but we would rather not push through the people. I told her that just because we pay sooner and squish, does not mean we will get seated faster because there was already a line backed up for the people waitingto be seated. It was so backed up that the cashier wasn't even calling for us to come over! She was waiting for the hostess to seat people so everyone could be comfortably walking around! Then I hear that the old ass grandpa wanted to cuss me out because of what I said. I was not even rude...I was just letting the lady know. I'm sorry but I think that a 65 year old man cussing out a 19 year old girl is just ridiculous. Completely classless!!. . Then after we sat down, the seats were dirty with food all over! We had to ask our waiter to clean it off, and all he did was get a towel and brush the food to the floor. . . When we got our food, mannnn. I wish we hadn't have paid. There was barely any food. I grabbed things that looked good, but after they entered my mouth, they didn't enter again. . Basically ended up eating 3 pieces of food and then went straight for the cotton candy because I was done for the night.. . Another family sat next to us...while walking to their table, you could totally tell the son was drunk. After awhile, we definitely watched him throw up on the table then leave. . . Needless to say, disgusting. Never again. They do not attract the right people.
By far the worst buffet in Vegas on the strip. My friends and I had to kill some time till our room was ready so we decided to just go eat at a buffet that was closest to us. Sadly, this was our destination.. . When we first walked in we were asked to pose for a photo. You know, the ones they try to sell you half way into your meal. Oh well, we knew we weren't gonna get it, but we posed anyways and proceeded our way down to pay for the buffet. But, wth was taking so long? I swear it took us about a half an hour just to pay for our buffet meals. Excuse me, maybe you should have the people taking photos help you ring up customers into your buffet. We found out later that the place was short staff during that time.. I say it's poor management that can't cut employees from certain duties and place them in areas needed.. . Once we finally got seated we ventured off our separate ways to get food. Out of the Asian, American, Italian, salads, and soups areas... All were terrible. I can't remember one food item that I went back to get seconds... . We left that buffet miserable AND my two friends and my stomachs weren't feeling the best either about a couple of hours later. Go to any other buffet on the strip but this one.
RUN AWAY FROM THIS!!!!!!!!!!RUN, DONT WALK!!!!!!. I never really write reviews but in this case I made a Yelp account just to write this one because its really that bad. My boyfriend and me went on the Sunday of memorial during lunch, it was 75 bucks and although the food was ok, the service was sooooooo bad. Our sever brought our first drinks and then disappeared, almost an hour later I asked the server on the next table for drink refills and she seemed bothered but did it. And then still didn't get any more service. As we were leaving I asked the second server  what happened to our first one and she said that she was our server and the other server who disappeared were Hmmmmm, why  did she keep that info to herself when I asked her what had happened to our server earlier. WOW, you have a server who pretends to not be your server, unbelievable.. I spoke to manager and told him how bad the service was, we have much less at other places and gotten 10 times better service than this, he apologized and asked us to please come back and give them another chance. I should have refused, it wasn't about money it was the whole experience, but I thought maybe they were busy over the holiday so accepted his offer for us to go back. The next time we went on Tuesday around 1pm, this time there was no server to ask what we wanted to drink, just a paper on the table for us to check off what we wanted so we didn't have to wait for the server and go straight to the buffet, she still didn't bring all the drink we checked off, she never came back once to check on us, service is so bad. Run away from this dump, the only thing good about this place is the location, go eat at a regular restaurant and get better service, or go to the Cosmopolitan Wicked Spoon Buffet, its a million times better, a bit more pricier but well worth it.
This place SUCKS!  I'm giving it a star cuz my wife said the seafood was O.K.   Myself, I started off with the Salad.  The regular tossed Iceberg type salad was brown so I chose the Spinach leafs which were the greenest of all greens.  Toppings were o.k. (pretty much the same you see in all salad bars).  I then walked thru all the different culture foods.  Mexican, Asian, Middle Eastern, American and Italian.  I might've missed one.   Tried the Mahi Mahi Taco, Yuuck!  Tried the Kabobs, Yuuck!  tried the Fried Chicken in the bucket So-so!  Popeyes chicken would beat'em hands down!  Buttered Pasta with Marinara sauce Yuuck.  After 3 yuucks and a So-So I just had another Salad and some dessert then got the Hell outta there  as soon as my wife had her fill of steamed crab legs.  Oh yeah!  the sign on the Casino level that says they are serving Split Alaskan King Crabs? BullSheet.  The cook told me they only have it when its in season.  Well I say, put the sign up when they are in season.  Otherwise its snow crab legs.  Oh the service.  So-so too.  You get your first drink then say good bye forever to your server cuz you'll never see them himor her again.  Go to BURGR across the way owned by Gordon Ramsey.  Way better quality of food.  Its a wait but worth it.
No more king crab legs. Quality is crap. This is no longer good at all. Eat at the sand which place upstairs
Save your money. Terrible food and then they'll over charge your credit card.
Horrible. Few choices and food tastes bad. Not your money worth and don't waste your time here. Service was terrible as well.
Extremely slow service as you wait in line to pay.  They only had 1 cashier and it was taking a long time to complete the customers payment.    We were 4th in line and we waited for 30-45 min until it was our turn to pay.  Food was okay.  I like how everything was easily labeled "seafood" "mexican" "salad" etc.  The best part was the cotton candy!
So disappointed.  Bought a groupon and they said extra $10 when we got there!!!  It doesn't say that on the groupon and I will contact them!
Never again!  We had our choice of restaurants and chose this one over 5 others in the Miracle Mile Mall.  Horrible food.  We were sat down right away and then went for our food.  I could not finish one item and tried many.  We wanted to order drinks, but our server must have finished his shift and never saw him again.  Our plates and the plates of other customers piled up and nobody was clearing.  Again, the food was really bad.  Save you money and go somewhere else.  I would not eat here again, even if it was free which it was this time.
I have no reason to give it any stars, except that it did have food, and I did get full, albeit sickeningly nasty unhealthy food full.. . . It wasn't good. It did have variety, but everything looked and tasted cheap, crappy, and only a little warm.. . If you're paying, I wouldn't recommend for anything.. . If you somehow got free tickets or comped for this buffet, head to the cheeses and meats (can't go wrong) and some good bread.. . Other than that, ummm, I didn't like anything at all.. . My boyfriend couldn't find a single thing to eat that was good. . . All around thumbs down!
Only good thing I can say about this place is the food was hot. Service sucks they don't pick up your plates or refill your drinks. Food was so-so. Defiantly NOT WORTH how expensive it is!!!
Voted #1 Buffet for 6 years and it was in the hotel we were at for a conference. Why not? My husband and I don't normally like buffets but we decided to give it a shot. For the some 30 dollars a person it should've been amazing, but it was horrible. I don't think either of us found anything we liked at all except for the desert. The food was beyond bland. The voters who rated it number one must have been the elderly who hate seasoning!
We ate here the other night on free passes given to us for the last time we ate here and it was horrible. Food was poor quality and our server never stopped by after bringing us our beverages. With all the buffet options in Vegas this one should be off your list. Honestly had we paid this time I would've requested a refund.
Shoulda, woulda, coulda gone elsewhere; this place needs a negative star option.  Bought the GroupOn and thought I was saving us some $$$ in our honeymoon, turned out to be a waste. Food was lacking in flavor, moisture, you name it. Even the crab legs were a disappointment! Spend your money elsewhere ;-)
If I could give it NO STARS I would! Waste of all my dollars. Luckily I bought through Groupon for a low price. The line was long which fooled us and made me think it was going to be good. All the food was freezing cold from the soup to the "steamed" crab to the stuffed sole. Shouldn't there be some steam coming off of my "steamed" crab? Where is the Health Department to stick a temperature gauge in their food???? I won't be surprised if I wake up tomorrow sick as a dog from trying the food here. Robert Irvin need to come here and do a remix to Restaurant Impossible and have this place on Buffet Impossible! The steak fajita meat was mushy and the pizza dough was raw. Their food tasted like it came from a can. This was equal to elementary cafeteria food. All of the food was either bland or entirely too sweet. PLEASE WHATEVER YOU DO...DO NOT EAT HERE. Planet Hollywood should be ashamed of themselves delivering such sub par food. This by far was the worst food experience ever! YUCK!!!!!!!
STAY AWAY STAY AWAY if you want to escape the fate of terrible service and even more horrible food. This is the absolute WORST buffet that I have ever been to. Jayme N. and I were on a mission to munch it up so we could have tons of energy for the EDC adventures we were about to embark upon the following day. However, we should have immediately bounced from this place when it literally took 30 minutes to be seated, because the staff was just twiddling their thumbs instead of ringing up customers and seating them. Already epic fail on customer service.. . As for the food, the selections were mediocre at best and the quality was atrocious. I wouldn't even feed this crap to my dog. To make matters worst all three of us got hardcore food poisoning which totally ruined our first day in Vegas. If you want to experience a Vegas style buffet, go to ANY other place than this pathetic excuse of an eating establishment.
As you can see, I do not give many low reviews on Yelp. I have also experienced many other Vegas Buffets as well as other buffets in cities all over including on cruise ships.  . . Hands down, this is the worst buffet I ever had.  Sorry!!!!. . I came here on a Saturday evening. I visited here about 6 years ago, and I recall it being very good; however, something has changed.. . It is on the lower level below the casino.  The dining room is rather dark and dingy.  The one good thing I did notice is that it was very busy; however, the host, hostess, and management were very diligent about getting people seated quickly.. . The foods are broken up into stations by region, country or cuisine.  Frankly, the food looked uninspiring and the Asian station looked absolutely horrible -- I didn't even want to pull anything from that area.  The taste of nearly everything I had was rather bland and just didn't have much flavor.  . . The beverage service was pretty good.. . I will definitely not return to this buffet, unless the ratings dramatically improve.
This is by far one of the worst customer service I've encountered. The food is not too bad, but not good either. The service on the other hand is poor, if I have the option of 0 star I'd. . We went last Saturday and waited forever for a table to open up when there were plenty that were available. While we wait one of friend needed water and she looked extremely pale so we asked if we can just get some water or may be just a bottle, which was right at the counter. To our dismay, the lady said "Oh no this is for employees only". Really? This big hotel has water designate to "employee only"? So we waited and my friend passed out from dehydration and almost had to go to the hospital over a $1 Water bottle. . It is a shame that they don't value customer. They'll only care when you either passed out or about to go to the hospital.
This buffet needs a make-over and the personnel needs to be more responsive to the diners. The snow crab was okay, it smelled a little fishy, but no amonia taste, and the paella was really chewy. Most upsetting was the price. I also purchased a all you drink ticket, and after the first serving of drinks the wait-staff avoided us like the plague. Fruits and desserts were very disappointing. This buffet really needs a make-over and staffed with personell who care about the diners experience. My wife Caroline and I also had dinner at Caesars Baccanal and  breakfast at Paris Le Buffet and then dinner. These two rated far above Spice Market with Caesar's Baccanal getting top honors.
Terrible cashier service. Confusing lines: one line to pay and then you're ordered to get in another line to wait for seating. They sit you and you have to RUN to keep up to where they're sitting you. The food was cold unless you were lucky to serve yourself when they're actually putting out fresh trays of food. Don't look behind the counter. It's DIRTY DIRTY DIRTY!! Shame in this place for being so dirty. I would hope the chef would have taken more pride in his kitchen. Groupon was honored today and I'm so glad we didn't pay full price. Disappointed
