Food was good until we saw a big cockroach on the kitchen counter. Then another on the floor. The guy in the booth next to us stepped on one.
we got sat and waited 30 mins and no one came to take our order...
this place is sooooo smoky! i almost had to cancel my stay after arriving here lol
Yes this place may have history and its 24hr operation may help keep it alive but the service just plainly SUCKS!!!! I went there for the first time on a week day around midnight because everything else was closed, no waiting line, not too busy, it took three different servers to take our order and get our food (3 ppl)  about 45 minutes or so later. Oh, the corona beer I ordered took the waitress from the bar 40 mins to come back and let me know she forgot to order it. Hmmm, classy? NOT!! Save your money and go to Dennys instead, they may not have the neon hype and fake trees but their service is waaay better!!
okay so someone recommended this restaurant. I realized that it's only in business because they take advantage of the drunk bafoons that crawl in there at 5 in the morning, settling for anything at that point, to satisfy their cravings. they use they're huge portions to try to compensate for the ridiculous ingredients they provide. just don't ever taste the nachos; we have yet to discover what cheese they used.
If you want a quick place to eat and not walk through an entire hotel this is a spot that you may like, i.e. Dennys quality.  Some gal on my SWA flight recommended this place for its steak. I should have put my headphones on and toned her ass out.. . Everything looked OK, quick service, huge portions THEN A GIANT ROACH heading for our feet underneath the table.  Thank God my husband saw its huge antenas and he stomped it out.  No joke, the busboy paused to watch him do it and just kept walking on.  I am terrified of bugs, but this roach was a healthy sci fi thriller type roach who ate a whole rib eye in the back before coming out to the main floor for seconds.. . Pay the extra $10 and go to Outback down the street!
You can disregard my last review. this place got cocky and went to hell pretty quickly. . 1) service sucked. After waiting 10-15 minutes just to order, the waitress had no apologies. When the food came 5 minutes after that, and was sent back 3 times, she had nothing to say about that. When I went to go pay and the cashire asked about the food I told him it was horrible and he laughed then the waitress next to him said, "ya we've been having issues with that for a while now.". 2) Food was tragic. cold, tastless, and off. . 3) the lounge was very random.  the drinks were weak, service slow, and I never got the money I cashed out! . . Not coming back, ever.
The waitress was short with us, no one ever came by to refill our coffees or ask us how our food was, and the food was over-priced for what it was. I order the "mediteranean" omelet, but there was nothing mediteranean about it. Granted I should have actually read the description but I just assumed olives, feta, things like that. But instead it had shrimp, crab meat (which I assume was imitation), "American" cheese and hollandaise sauce. What exactly is mediteranean about that? Definitely would not recommend this place. If you just want crappy diner food go to the Denny's next door and save yourself some money.
Bad experience. I was excited to eat at a Peppermill as I used to love the one in Concord, CA. Either things changed or this is not a good restaurant.. . I walked in and was seated at the counter (per my request). Although the spot was not cleaned, I assumed it would be soon. The waitress came, after a longer than average wait upon arriving, took my drink order, and left to give me time to decide what I wanted. Five or so minutes later, she returned to take my order. I saw her again once my food was ready and she looked at the spot in front of me with a look like "where should I put this (as no one came to clean the counter). So I said "well I guess I'll sit over here since no one is going to clean this" and sat in the empty space to my right. She looked at me with the 'deer in the headlights' look and said "oh, uh, sorry". She set my food down and I didn't see her again until she breezed by to drop off my check. She had time to chit-chat to another patron (an obvious regular) but not to see if I needed anything (like a drink refill). Just as I am ready to leave to pay, she then notices my empty glass and asks if I need a refill.. The food was mediocre but no where near what it used to be, and the fries were barely luke warm.. I paid, left her a low tip but still more than I should have, and left. The spot I originally sat at had never been cleared. My first and last visit here. I can get better service and food from Denny's........and I hate Denny's!
I came here on a Saturday night, was very busy we waited 40min to be seated only to find out our table was given to another party. After begging seated our order was taken but we were never asked what we wanted to drink therefore we never had any drinks brought out... We waited for our food a very lonnnnnnggggg time! Our plates were brought out one by one. And two of the orders we never brought out. The manager eventually came out and apologized but I will not return. The food was cold and under cooked. I have to say this is my first bad review:(
The worst diner I have ever been in. Very dirty and chaotic. We sat at the counter and had the pleasure (sarcasm intended) of watching the dirty condiments counter for half an hour without any food and lost our appetite eventually. If you knew how many fingers picked up dropped food off the floor (they toss it burstill, no hand washing whatsoever) then dipped into the huge butter tub you would think twice before eating that toast.
Probably one of the worst places in las Vegas. Poor service, crappy drinks and food that tastes like it was made day before yesterday. And best part of all....u get to pay before u get your food!!!
My friend's credit card was cloned and hijacked in the "Austin Powers" fireside lounge.. . I won't be going back. Ever.. . "No, bay-bee!!"
Disgusting portions of cheap and unhealthy grub. And long lines.
This place is SUUUPER cheesy looking.  . . From the outside, it looks as if this place has closed down.  Then you walk in and it is dimly lit, purple carpeting and neon lights scattered throughout.  . . The A/C is blowing as cold as possible, their are tourists and alcoholics everywhere, the waitresses are VERY scantily clad and you at first feel like you walked into a strip club by accident. . . The hot wings are decent at best, Munch's breakfast which is similar to a breakfast hash was not bad but not that good and I also ordered Joe's San Francisco special, which was definitely the best dish I had their.  Even this dish was maybe a 2 star at best, the only positive of this place is having fun watching the waitresses picking things up off the floor.  . . It was a good hangover pick me up, but then I got back to my hotel with a severe case of CHORRO!!!!....!!!. . Keep this in mind when considering coming here
I have been to the Fireside Lounge a few times now... The experience has been the same. Good atmosphere and good drinks, but the service it HORRIBLE. I took my family there last night who are visiting from out of town as I thought they would enjoy the atmosphere, but after an hour of waiting for two appetizers we ordered and asking where is our food.... We finally received our bill (already charged to my card as they had held it). Right after that we got the cheese plate we had ordered, with blocked cheese that looked like it came from Walmart! and the bbq chicken pizza.... Well it NEVER came, but was charged to my card nonetheless.. . I asked to speak with a manager after, but she was rude and could care less, and as a resident of Las Vegas I am very disappointed that they treat my guests like that.. . If you want to go here, my advice is this - eat first and bring a flask... You'll need it!
The food that we had was amazing but the service ... not at all. . . First it was so slow, secondly the waitress looks like she's very tired. It was our God-sister's birthday on that day and when asked if there's anything special, she said we can get the cake & she or the rest will sing it. We rather sing to here ourselves. The food came about 50 mins later without the garlic bread that was supposed to be there together. When we called for the manager to at least feedback to her what had happened, she said "what will make us happy"? So I said, comp the birthday girl's food. She did not do that but gave us 20% off. Anyway, we will not be back there again. :-(.
This place is a joke. Maybe I am missing something, but any remnant of Rat Pack or previous organized Las Vegas business elements (wink, wink, nod, nod) is not evident. Maybe stains they left behind. Seriously. Have you seen this place? The diner stinks like old grease and dirty dish rag. The fireside lounge, well, let's just say, I threw all my clothes in the wash that I was wearing when I sat on those sofas. It does not evoke any coolness of the rough and tumble Vegas that some want to believe. It's more of a slimy, seedy underbelly. I need to go take another shower.
Absolutely awful meal from start to finish. While they provide decent sized coffee mugs, the content is subpar. The omelette I had was over cooked and a horribly gloppy thick sauce was spread over the top.  My friends' pancakes were laden with baking powder and had no flavor.. . The entire place smells of smoke and, while the people watching was awesome, you can do that anywhere in Vegas. Our server was attentive, but the food was just abysmal.  Almost everyone felt slightly ill after eating. I would recommend staying away.
I had a bad experience here because the service was really bad, we sat down for 10 mins before we called a waitress that was just talking to two other waitresses. She said just a moment and continued talking to them. Finally another waitress came to take our drink order, then she brought everyone's drinks but my water. So I asked again after 15 mins I had to ask again. All in all food was ok but service was really off today. (Mon 3/25/13)
I really wanted this to be the Peppermill experience I remember from growing up in the Bay Area. Sadly, it fell short...by a long shot.   Really bad service.  Asked waitress for cocktail service 4 times -- noone ever came.  Food order took more than 45 minutes to  be processed.  I should add that the place wasn't filled to capacity.  People all around us came later than we did and got served before us.  Ordered an omelette for dinner.   Huge, but very average. And did I mention cold?   Going to the front to pay the bill at the end was even worse.  2 people in line in front of us and it took 15 mins to get them taken care of.  When the hostess finally got to us and asked casualy, "how were things tonight?" I said back to her, "honestly, pretty bad...."
I went to the Peppermill on 4/4. I got married in Vegas on 4/6. My husband and I have always made a special trip to the Peppermill every time we're in Vegas, so naturally, we picked it as the location for our rehearsal dinner. I called to make reservations about 3 weeks in advance. I even wrote to them on their site to ask about the availability of a vegan meal for one of my guests. I never got an email or call back, by the way. . . When I called to make the reservation for 6 people, I confirmed with the manager about a vegan meal. I called back a week later to add 2 more people to my reservation, and change my time to 6PM. So it was confirmed, TWICE. When we got to the Peppermill, they had no reservations for us. The hostess said we would have to wait with everyone else and made no apologies for the mistake. She even said they do not accept reservations, even though it says they do on their site and I called and did so! I asked to speak with a manager. The manager had no explanation and was actually rude about it. Our party had to wait 30+ minutes to be seated, which defeated the purpose of me making reservations in the first place. Then, once we ordered, my meal and my husband's meal was served 20 minutes after everyone else in my party's meal. . . This was the worst experience I have ever had at the Peppermill. My reception dinner was ruined. I was so embarrassed by the poor service and the rudeness of the hostess and manager, especially after we told everyone what a great place this was. I can't see myself dining there again. I was so disappointed. I had other out-of-town wedding guests who asked about dining there. I warned them that the service isn't what it used to be. . . Peppermill, if you're reading this, please make your staff aware that in this economy, this is the best way to lose loyal customers, rudeness and poor service.
I read the awesome reviews before going and I have to say wow,that was the worst foods I've ever had. Starting with the host who had now important things to do than to tend to the people who walked in. The peppermill sampler platter is nothing but deep fried food with no flavor unless you like the taste of grease. Their steak was cooked improperly, and again no flavor. I see the Zagat award and yelp recommendations and couldnt belive how they could possibl have them. The girl at the cashier asked, "how was everything? " and when i said not good, her response was "oh" and nothing else to say. I'll never go again.
This is a broke pimps paradise. Upset doesnt even describe the feeling I had once I left.  I was soo looking forward to coming to this place and enjoying the huge fruit platter! Unfortuntely before even gettIng my fruit platter I was served nasty banana bread that wasnt even cooked but apparently it was according to the new bread cook and server. I just feel like the fruit platter should have been free if I was served bad food. Now the fruit platter came out and everything seemed like it was hanging out in the desert. Also it's served on wilted lettuce. For the finale I couldnt even touch the raw onion rings or muster the courage to eat fried shrimp. Tomatoes on the sampler platter were black. Overall would never go back. Ps I want my money back !
How this place has such good reviews is beyond me. Where to begin? . . The hollandaise on the eggs benedict tasted more like chicken soup than hollandaise sauce. The pancakes, which are comically large, are so sugary and mushy, adding even a little maple syrup nearly threw me in a diabetic coma (I'm not diabetic, either). . . And the place smells SO BAD. Obviously built sometime in the 70s, the owners opted for carpet. Carpet in a restaurant is always a terrible, terrible idea, as it soaks up everything, for all of time. . . I absolutely do not recommend Peppermill.
Went here late night/early morning and it was a disaster. Was with a group of 6 with one woman who was Jewish and wearing the required snood for her religion. We were all settled in and enjoying the fireside when the waitress informed our friend she couldn't sit on that side of the restaurant because of her head covering. So they told her she would have to sit on the ice side, which none of us wanted to do. We were outraged! We understood we were sitting 3 ft away from a fire pit that was in the center of a pool. We are all over the age of 26, did they think we were gonna play with fire? Even though we had already placed our orders we left and will never return.
We saw this place on one of those food network shows .thought it would be amazing was very very disappointed.Hello I had some staple food Philly cheesesteak 'Subway has a better one '. My wife had pastrami it was like sandwich meat from prepackaged foods Sorry but I do not recommend !!!!!
Wow! This place has the worst service I've had in a long time. It took twenty minutes for the waitress to take our drink order, then another 15 to get the drinks. We were finally seated and it took another 15 minutes to take our order. Anyway you get the picture, we finally got out of there after about 2 1/2 hours. I will never go back to this strip club looking restaurant.
These people operate a tow truck scam, saw them tow two vehicles in less than 30 minutes. they have a flier taped to their door that says they're not involved, but it's their security guard who is calling the tow trucks. $300 to get your car out - why not focus on being a better restaurant, instead of scamming tourists?
Had the thanks giving dinner. It was one of the worst dinners I have ever eaten. It looked and tasted like a pre cooked frozen super market meal - but for 24$. . The service was good though.
