I will never come back to this place, bad customer services.  They need to retrain their cashiers.
I am sorry to have to write this review about such an amazing dessert chef, but it is not the food quality that I have to review; it is unfortunately the management and the service.  Jean Philippe is probably one of the best dessert chefs in the countryif not the world and his pastries are definitely beautiful, tasty and superb, but the management and system need vast improvement.  Over the weekend, we had ordered an 8 inch carrot cake for my friend's surprise birthday party and we had even confirmed the reservation the day of the event.  We went to pick up the cake at the Aria branch and they "could not find the cake" and furthermore "could not find the order." Then they accused us of placing the order at the bellagio store and when they called the store there was no record of the order either.  Basically they were accusing us of not placing the order which is ridiculous!! Luckily my friend emailed me a copy of his credit card statement which showed the shop had already CHARGED us for the cake even before we had received the product!! A manager then scurried out looked red in the face and apologized and gave us two boxes of pastries which was appreciated, but the damage was done.  The dinner was delayed, the surprise was delayed, and the rest of the nights festivities were delayed due to a poor management system at one of the elite bakeries in vegas.  I am writing this review not out of spite, but to help your established company not make the same mistake again as this will cause your company to lose great customers not because of the food, but because of the management and system.  This is easily fixable and I hope your team works on it.
For the prices this place charges, you would think they know customer service. They do not. They are rude, dont know how to make a coffee beverage properly, and have the most inefficient ordering system. You just stand and order wherever you choose to cut in line, pay, then stand off on the side waiting for your overpriced dessert or drink. All the while being looked at and treated like you are not worthy of JP.  I saw two other families waiting for their orders, get wrong items, missing items, and not a single apology came from the JP employee drone. Completely ruins the nice desserts they do have prepared.
The desserts were good overall. And I had a smoked salmon sandwich which was particularly memorable.. . But, now why the 1 star review. I will tell you. For some odd reason a friend suggested that I get him a coffee mug ( don't you love it when your friends have inexpensive tastes in gifts ). And viola, a few moments later I see this coffee mug at jp patisserie. It looked good ( a little too pretty for a guy, but he was gay anyway so it was fine ). I expected it to be priced more than 12$. So, I ended up buying two, one for myself. . . First use : The lid opening for drinking is leaky even when tightly closed. I thought i will be careful not to invert it or put it in a bag or something.. . second use :  The lid itself starts to leak rendering it completely useless, unless you want your coffee dripping all over you when you drink your coffee.. . and my friend who i gave this too, also had the same experience. . . seriously, Jean Philippe, I am pretty sure you guys figured out that this is a piece of crap. But, decided to price it cheap and sell it anyway, because you guys spent some insignificant amount on manufacturing it in china. . . On top of it, the mug says something like patent pending or some such nonsense. I hope you guys do get your patents for this proved to design. . . now, why 1 star ? cause I believe you have very little integrity with the quality of the products you will sell.
DO NOT ORDER FROM THEM ONLINE! . . I have not been to this location personally but I have tried to order online just last week. They not only messed up my order but have also been so difficult to contact. I have left multiple messages and tried to get into contact with someone in their office. . . I have ongoing events in Las Vegas and I really wanted to give our guests some amazing chocolates. Our company works partly with Zappos and to be honest I was willing to partner with Jean Phillippes. . . However after this incident NEVER AGAIN will my company be ordering from Jean Phillippes. I'll make sure of it.
Don't believe the hype and all the artificial glam. This place just sells you on its decor and fancy presentation. At its core the food here is bland, flavorless, way over priced and had no soul. All the sheeple that gave this place a 5 star rating are out of their mind. Here is a small review on each of the things we tried.. Flan- completely bland and flavorless, came in a pie shell for reasons that I do not understand. Had a tasteless coating of gelatin to give it a shinny finish. Had a texture unlike any other flan I have ever tasted, if your version of flan is this far off, please don't call it flan. Save us the trouble, you lost half the battle by misleading us.. White chocolate cheesecake- once again bland and tasteless, very creamy texture. Although very nicely presented wrapped up in white chocolate, the actual cheesecake is comparable to the Jell-o no bake cheesecakes that you buy as a kit at the grocery store. . Basil pesto chicken panini- flavorless, and VERY greasy, expensive like everything else here.
They purposly make you wait in long line to make more purchases. I was picking up one chocolate and had to wait 15 minutes in line. They only have one line behine bakery line which each customer will order bakery goods takes several minutes each. They use long line trick to think they are very busy and also you will pick up more stuff while waiting. It is a dirty trick and unethical business behavior. . . They are also way overpriced for something that is not very special or tasty. Chocolate was not even that good for such a high price.
One star for breakfast, based on the value. . I ordered the breakfast panini, a cup of coffee, and a bear claw; and that came to $21. The menu promised a high class version of the classic breakfast sandwich, but the cooks did not deliver. I received two pieces of plain white bread with some grill marks on the outside. Inside there was a touch of lunchmeet ham - the kind where you can see the pressmarks through the package at the grocery - a small over-hard egg, and melted Velveeta. For an $11 sandwich, I am used to receiving the heavenly goodness of Zingerman's Deli in Ann Arbor, an equally overpriced town, and that I happily pay for. Jean Philippe left me feeling angry and abused.. . The bear claw was decent, and the coffee was OK.
This one star does not shine that bright for the turkey spinach crepe I had here last weekend.  Quite disappointing. Too thick. Looked and tasted mass produced.  I mean cubed flavorless turkey meat and mushy spinach.  Can they really stamp this with the Jean Philippe brand?
I was just in the Jean Phillipe Pisstisserie where I ordered two Asparagus Quiches and found one in my bag whenI got back to my room. Welcome to  crappy drive through service. Of course I didn't have my receipt because I didn't know I was at a crappy drive through, I thought I was at a resort so when I went back to talk to the manager with my ticket she told me to pound sand.. . By the way, while we're on the subject it should not take 20 minutes to. nuke a Quiche. The service there is slow, and they still got the order. wrong. I guess I'm staying at one of THOSE hotels with the penny slots huh?
For $15 for a coffee and a breakfast sandwich, one would expect not to receive a burnt sandwich. Terrible
I just left this place ten minutes ago out of frustration. I was planning to buy chocolates, macarons, and drinks but ended up leaving. I am a dark skinned Indian girl for reference. I waited 10 minutes for a gentleman to finish up with his customers only to get passed over not once but twice afterwards for white people despite being next in line. The woman who worked there just looked at me and moved on. When I said something she paused looked at me and then went back to talking the white family she passed me over for.. . I am never coming here again.
I had an awful experience - will never be back. Don't make the crepe before you confirm my payment/voucher and then reject it then ask me to pay for it. On top of which it wasnt a very good crepe - the topping is in a heated container so the fruit is dense and thick. I am so sad I waited for months to have this crepe.
This review is for SERVICE only and based on our last experience this past Saturday. . Being Vegas residents and this being my husbands favourite chocolatier in the world, we visit it about once a month. In the past decade we have probably tried everything on the menu! Needless to say the only reason we keep going back is because we love their creations.. On Saturday we were there with our 5 yr old son who is highly allergic to nuts. As precaution and matter of habit, every time we are in a restaurant we ask if his food contains nuts. We did the same at JPP (and this is not the first time we've taken him there). We got him a chocolate mousse looking thing (the patisserie shelves were almost empty and some items did not have any name-tags on them) and while placing the order asked if it had any nuts. The supervisor says, "we don't guarantee anything". That's the strangest answer I've ever heard. Well, no one one this planet can guarantee anything, but since the pastry doesn't have a name-tag and since you guys have made it can you perhaps tell me if it has nuts? Now the guy gets extremely irritated and tells us in a curt tone, "no, it has no nuts, but we cant guarantee anything". Needless to say we were very upset by his attitude but not wanting to disappoint a 5yr old we got him the mousse and left. This has to be the first time in 10 yrs my husband left without getting a crepe or some chocolate dessert for himself.
Worst Customer service ever!!! Bad bad experience with the store manager and one of their employees. I can't believe a store like this will argue a $2 extra for Chocolate sauce! I paid for it, never got it, and was asked to show an ID with my receipt!  My mouth just dropped to hear it and walked Way.  The sad part the store manager. Britney asked me to do so...  Shame on YOU.....  Store needs to learn how to treat customers in America......
