Went here for breakfast. Not sure what was worse, the meal or the service.
I have not felt worse about a dining experience.  Let's start with the easy stuff; the food:  everyone at the table (all 10 of us) were pretty careful about not upsetting the great vibe we had that night at the table. . .  However, the next day, only one person said they liked their dish.  I cannot remember what everyone had, but here is what I can--- onion soup was unbearably salty, the poulet roti was dry and over-cooked, the steak bouchon was tough and wayyyyy too fatty (exactly----how does a fatty steak become tough) and the mussles were tiny.  That said, the trout was pretty good.  . . So here is the main reason I thinkI need to leave only one star.  Way over-rated, and the waiter was absolutely awful.  He took our cocktails away when we were not done, tried to pull some very shady shit with our bill.  Then this DB proceeded to make sure to collect each person's receipt before we left the table----and checking to see if we added an additional tip. Hence, the "Eek!  Methinks not.". . Stay downstairs or visit the one in Yountville.
Worst fine dining experience EVER!!!  Do not come here!  Thomas Keller would be very, very disappointed.. . *Note - We were a group of Asians.. . We were in Vegas for a friend's bachelor party.  I suggested Bouchon because I've been there before and enjoyed it.  We had a reservation at 8:45pm on Saturday.  Got there on time to find out that they still needed to prep our table.  Really?  Didn't get seated till 9:10pm.  What's the point of making a reservation? A buddy complained to the manager about the wait.  The manager apologized, saying it was a misunderstanding and gave us a free round of Chimay.  . . We ordered our food and tried to enjoy the rest of the night.  It took 70 MINUTES for them to bring out our food.  Wow!  On top of that, the food wasn't even cook properly.  Bouchon is known to have the best french fries around.  The fries came out overcooked.  The steaks were undercooked and bland.  On the bright side, the moules-frites were pretty good.  No one finished their food.. . The manager came by and tried to offer us free desserts.  We told him we're not trying to get free stuff.  We just want to be respected and treated right.  The waiter was nice, so we ended up giving him a decent tip.  As we were walking out, the manager and waiter were waiting at the door with another free round of Chimay.  He KNEW they were at fault.  We took our beers and walked out, vowing never to come back...
bad service.  they forgot to seat us, sat us at table that was open for 30 min. , they never took drink orders then took 45 min to bring out a diet coke.  Onion soup was good, the rest of the parties food was good, my steak was bad, really bad.  Tasted like it was from Dennys.  Maybe I got a bad cut, but I wouldn't go back.
Had the brunch on a Sunday. Here's why I gave it 1 whole star.... . 1. It's like the bastard brother of the BH location. It looks similar, but just a little trashy. I guess you have the Vegas crowd to blame for that, as most of the crowd was drunkenly and proudly sporting tank tops and flip flops.. . 2. Food looked similar to the BH location, but appearances are deceiving. Tuna sandwich must have had a dumpster truck sized serving of salt on it. And the bread was so hard and chewy I might as well have been eating a Rainbow flip flops.. . 3. Front desk lady (older one) was very weird. I ask her for the menu while I'm waiting. She makes eye contact. Continues to make eye contact for about 5 seconds. Doesn't move or blink. Then the other lady, who had her back turned to me hands me one.. . I love the BH location, but I will never be back to this one...
Way over-rated.  I tried the french toast and sourdough waffles.  Overpriced (Like $13 a plate) and not that great.  I'm not impressed and feel like I should have just thrown the money down on a blackjack table.
We came here for brunch on a Saturday at 11 and surprisingly no line-up - score (or so we thought)!  . . Ordered the corned beef hash and some waffles and then waited.... and waited.... and waited.... an hour passes and someone finally comes by to apologize that they lost our order and that they will bring us some pastries to try before we eat.  We wait another half hour before the pastries arrive, and an additional half hour before our meals get to us.  At this point neither of us are hungry anymore, nevertheless we eat.  Waffles were fine, nothing special.  Corned beef hash is is lacking any actual hash.  . . We get the bill and nothing is comp'd. Had we not had to wait so long I probably would have given the place 3 stars but it was definitely not worth the 3 hours and $60 spent here!
I came here with very high hopes only to be disappointed... . The service was not great. We ordered a ginger ale at the beginning and and did not get it until my entree came cause i had to ask again.. I mean considering there was a server and a trainee youu would think SOMEONE would have caught it.. . They served bread just on the table.. with no plates... it was soo weird.. and messy.. and randomly we got warm pistachios.. odd. . We had the onion soup... it was BITTER grosssssss. . We ordered the special pork belly.. it was SO oily and disgusting.. it actually made me sick afterwards... We also split the chicken and it was SO salty... . I was not impressed.. i still will go try the one in BH hopefully that one is better
Chef Keller,. I'm deeply sadden that I have lost respect to any restaurants that your not presently managing/cooking.  The lack of details and attention astounds me.. . I was thinking about Bouchon all day for dinner and come to a nightmare.  . . Service:. 1. Waiter - There was not 1 but 3 parties that left because of there aweful service.  The party of 2 next to us was pressured for about 2-3mins to order appetizers while entrees are being cooked.  After trying the appetizers (olives) and viewing our entrees, they simply got up and left.  The other party of 2 simply did not like the waiter and got up and left.  Not sure what happened to the other party of 2 but my friend said they walked up and left.  . 2. Bus boys - Why are tables being cleared when food is still being eaten.  We had muscles and fries on our table still being eaten and a bus boy comes over to clear our table while were still eating.  I'm not sure if he understands English but come on!. . Food:. 1. Mussels- we specifically asked for appetizer mussels not entree muscles.  We see the bill of entree muscles.  I give props on fries.  Although it was a little salty but very well done.  Mussels were fresh but the sauce was lacking depth and substance.  . 2. Black Label Ribeye (special) - Roasted black label (better than prime) cooked raw!  The sauce was running all over the plate and the vegetables tasted dirty, probablynot cleaned properly. . 3. Roasted Chicken - Best dish of the night.  Crispy surface, moist inside, with a wine reduction sauce.  . 4. Lamb - Cook medium rare but nothing special about it.. . Wine:. Your wine sommelier working the night of  9/11/2011 should be fired.  Why is wine not opened and poured at the table?  Heavy, dirty, grimy, unpleasant sediments can be found in the wine, which is why I prefer wine to be opened/poured at the table. A begging sommelier should not be pouring wine at the end of the bottle and finishing it from a new bottle, no excuses!  If this sommelier is only bringing wine to the table, why even have one?  Why not have the waiter bring it to the table?. . I would like to continue giving more details of my experience at Bouchon but I hate hate hate writing bad reviews.  Please Please Please avoid Bouchon at the Venetian.  I said please! =)
My one star rating is mostly based on the service received compared to the level expected by such a restaurant.  We arrived around 9PM and the restaurant was about 15% occupied.  We were sat quickly but it was at least 15 minutes before the first person "noticed" we had no bread, water, anything.  This was not our waiter.  We were then brought our bread and water, not by any waiters, but the 'helpers'.  It was probably another 20 minutes before we were asked if we wanted to actually order anything (again, not by our waiter).  A nice waitress that was working the section nearby was 'helping out' and pointed our waiter out to us.. . Our waiter had three tables.  He spent the entire night yukking it up with the other two tables, literally 10 feet away from us.  There was no reason for him to completely ignore us, we didn't complain or act rude.  Since the other waitress was just 'helping out', we only saw her around 3 times, but that was way more than we saw our waiter.   We didn't see him one time until it was time to bring the dessert menu.  We're pretty sure this was because the helper had gone home for the night.. . As for the food, we both got the steak frites (on recommendation).  The fries were very good but also very similar to McD's fries (which are, of course, good).  The steak was sub par.  Big, but very chewy.  It was cooked well, but the stuff on top was not particularly good.
The food is nothing to rave about. Just another run of the mill place. Our server amber c kept telling us our meals we're getting pushed back. Service and food sucked
Finally ate at bouchon for my 32nd (saturday night). I'll start from the top. Got there 30 mins before reservation time to sit and watch from the bar. Good stiff drinks. 27 for a gin tonic and a dirty martini was a little steep for me. 3 bartenders there not engaging at all. Looks like they didn't want to be there. Hostess picked us up at exact time of reservation, but she like the bartenders seemed a little off. No smiling just very matter of fact about her job. Same thing with our waiter. He fired off the specials in a very memorized and harsh tone. Nothing sexy or tempting about the food we were about to order. You see I am a Vegas local, people come here to be impressed and wowed. Tourists are all on vacation hence they are here to have fun laugh, talk, flirt. That's really hard to do with a crew that looks to be counting down till closing. But Im not bashing everybody, the busser filling up our water was real nice and pleasant. Always smiling and helpful.                                                                                                           Now for the food I ordered the Gigot d'Agneau roasted leg of lamb with wild mushrooms, purple baby artichokes, crispy lamb belly & sauce soubise. 33.75 for 5 TINY pieces of roast lamb. I was absolutely shocked. I could tell the waiter had seen that look before. No gaminess no texture. It was just like a roast piece of porkloin. And the crispy lamb belly - chewy and old. Like they had just taken it out from a pickling jar. Just a flop all the way around. My wife had the Moules au Safran  28.50 Maine bouchot mussels steamed with white wine, mustard & saffron. served with French fries. Mussels were undercooked. I may be in the wrong here but I like my oyster to have a slippery texture. With Mussels I want a hint of that rubbery texture. We didnt even finish it. The fries were just that, Fries nothing great.  . I hate to sound mean and all but This was my experience at Bouchon Las Vegas.
This place is a french want to be restaurant. Not really premium and authentic french food, Very americanized and expensive.
Huge Expectations. Huge disappointment!. Coming from San Francisco, we expected Bouchon in Vegas to have the same quality, flavor and excellence as Keller's Napa outpost. Do not waste your time (should be at the pool, not at a restaurant for hours) or money ($100 for 2 for a dry, lackluster brunch!!!) at Bouchon.
I'm a Thomas Keller fan. I've been to Bouchon in Beverly Hills and thought it was great.  However, my party and I had an eminently forgettable experience at the Venetian location.. . The food was sub-par.  I ordered the rib-eye and it came out dry and overcooked.  Everyone else poked at their food as well.. . Worst of all though, was the service.  The waiter was rude and literally talked back to the guy paying the bill for the rest of us.  His tip was representative of his behavior.. . Both Thomas Keller and the Venetian are better than this restaurant.  Many other more memorable places to eat in Las Vegas.  Try any one of them but leave Bouchon off the list.
I always feel particularly nonplussed when a famous chef (who by all accounts actually cares about food) sells his or her name to a mediocre establishment that surely bears no relationship to the chef's real output.  Judging by my experience, Bouchon is just such a sell-out.. . To be sure, I was there for lunch, when a full menu was not available.  With appropriately modest expectations, I ordered a sandwich from the four or so sandwiches and four or so salads on offer.  I got a few slices of lunchmeat, a slice of cheese, and some ribbons of shredded lettuce tossed with a sweet brown mixture that was allegedly balsamic vinaigrette.  The only redeeming fact about it was that the undistinguished poppy-seed roll on which it was served had been toasted.. . As for the accompaniments:  The "house made" pickle was so sweet I rejected it after a bite.  The french fries (cheerfully upsold to me without any mention of the fact that they were several dollars extra) were perfectly adequate-- relatively crispy, if tasteless and overly uniform.. . I really hope that Thomas Keller at least gets rich off of this deal, because it has substantially reduced my esteem for him.
I and a friend dined here tonight, following the suggestion of a friend who said it was outstanding.  It isn't.  Though it starts off well with the perfunctory greetings, it went downhill.  The wine sommelier had a hard time opening the wine we brought.  My soup arrived at barely above room temperature.  Our entrees took FOREVER to arrive, and once again, mine was barely above room temperature.  The waiter, to his credit, did apologize for the delay in getting the food out to us.  And he did so twice.  That was a bad sign when he had to inform us twice.  The manager tried to make it up with bring out desserts and dessert wine.  I just don't like sweets.  For the wine we brought, the restaurant did comp the corkage fee, and the desserts and dessert wine (which were unwanted) were also comp'ed.  I will NOT go back to this place.
OVERRATED. Took my girlfriend to watch the Lion King (LOVED IT) in December and we were so excited to try this place for brunch. After waiting an exhaustive period of time and watching hordes of people that came after us be seated before us, we confronted the host about it. They realized they totally screwed us so they immediately sat the 2 of us at a booth that could have easily sat around 6 people. OK, that's cool I guess.... . When my girlfriend asks our server if they have vanilla lattes he answers without any hesitation: "no." A bus boy working in the vicinity over hears us and actually tells us that they do make those because he used to work the espresso bar (I guess he got demoted for knowing too much?!).  Whatever, we are still trying enjoy the experience... . . We ended up ordering the Croque Madame, Corned Beef Hash, and some waffles. Croque Madame, ooh sounds fancy huh? Let me break it down for you: ham and cheese with egg on top. Sounds simple & delicious, well it should be UNLESS the bread is BURNT beyond edibility. After telling the waiter, he explains to us that's how the croque madame is supposed to be. We literally had to take one side of the bread and break it in front of him using both hands. Don't get me wrong, crispy/crunchy bread can be delicious, but this was not that. This was Wolverine-adamantium solid and burnt. The waiter then says to us, "yea ok, that looks pretty burnt".... . We then had a run-in with his manager. You would think at a high end establishment he would come to our table to let us know that we were being taken care of. No! Instead he tells that the bread might come out the same way. WTF?! Anyways, the next one comes and it's perfectly fine, go figure! Corned beef hash...sigh. Why do I always feel the need to order corned beef hash at a fancy place when I know Hormel corned beef hash is simply the best?! Waffles were good. We really wanted to like this place, trust me. In the end, this was an epic fail. Food sucked b*lls and the service was horrid. Not worth your time and money people...
Went to this restaurent with the family while we were in town to see Phantom of the Opera. The service was quite good. However, the dishes tasted nothing like French. I ordered the Chichen. My wife the lamb. My dish was way too salty. My wife complained that her lamb was very bland, over-cooked (she asked for medium rare), and tough. My kid's Croque Monsieur came with a huge pile of fries, which was also way over-salted. It seems the chef got his or her salt for free and would not hesitate to use it liberally. Overall, it was a big disappointment after reading the good reviews.
This is certainly not a French restaurant. The waitress didn't even know what brioche is, not that they serve it here. The brioche here is just toast.  The Corn Beef Hash wash cubed beef not hash and not very good.  The cappuccino was mediocre. Sour dough waffles, gouffles, nothing special. I wanted a souffle and my wife wanted a brioche. Neither were available. French, absolutely not.  Tourist trap, yes.  Never again for us.. . This is Vegas.  I don't care if the food is pricey as long as it's good.  Don't waist your time here.
Terrible food! Could have been called a DDD!  They piled the French fries to falling off the plate. We asked for ketchup and waited ten  minutes-the fries were cold! Service was extremely slow and the whole experience (supposed to be a celebration) dampered by the restaurant. Shame on you Bouchon,
Where do I start? . . Checking in:. We were staying at the Venetian for my BFF's birthday. I called Bouchon to check how long the wait was since it was a Sunday afternoon. The gentleman told me about 5 minutes or so. When we arrived 5 minutes later (this was about 2PM), the receptionist told us that the wait was 40-45 minutes! She was very rude and acted like she hated what she was doing and didn't want to be there. I politely explained that I had called to check on wait times about 10 minutes prior to our arrival; she responded in a nonchalant demeanor and said "that was 10 minutes ago". Running low on sleep and patience, I still managed to brush her attitude off- after all we had a fun weekend. We arrived at Bouchon at about 115 PM, and we were seated at around 135. 20 minutes, not bad. . . Service:. After having waited to be seated, the OCD side of me decided to time how long it'll take us to get noticed and be handed our menu. 3 minutes. Not bad. Sensing the "busy Sunday afternoon" atmosphere, we ordered Beignets (sp.) together with our coffee and water to be "ahead" and not starve to death while waiting for our breakfast food to arrive. We ordered our real food at around 150 PM.. . 155 PM: coffee arrives. yay.. . 2PM: we asked for some bread and coffee refills.. . ..... Its already 220, still no Beignets (sp), no refills, no bread.  (AND NO FOOD). . 230 PM: still no food, no bread, no coffee, but YES beignets. . . 235 PM: party right next to us who arrived 20 minutes after we did and had the same server got their food FIRST... WTH?. 240 PM: our food finally arrives , but my partner's smoked salmon plate (which does NOT require any cooking whatsoever) has not arrived yet. WTH?. . . Food:. Biegnets: Yummy, but not life changing. Similar to the one Grand Luxe serves. Coffee: Good.. Croque Madame: heavy sauce, but lacking flavor. Brioce bread was excellent though. . Bacon: Its really hard to mess it up, right?. French Toast: Hybrid between Tiramisu/angel cake consistency. Too much cinnamon! . Smoked Salmon plate: eh.. . The food is not bad, but they definitely need to work on their customer service. WHen we asked for an explanation on why our food took forever, the waiter-in-training tried being sarcastic and gave us a snide response. Seriously? Seriously?
My husband and I ate at Bouchon in Vegas as part of our twentieth wedding anniversary celebration. Expecting an amazing meal given it is a Kheller establishment, we were unfortunately very disappointed.   Our first impression was soured by the two men in suits at the podium when we arrived. We assumed at least one of them was the maitre de, but as neither acknowledged us, we couldnt say. We waited standing literally right in front of the podium for several minutes and neither ever acknowledged us. Finally, a young woman took pity on us and handled our seating. So much for being welcomed at Bouchon. . On to the meal..... We ordered the bone marrow appetizer. Tasty, but served at room temperature rather than warm which, frankly, was a bit gross.. Sardine salad was swimming in oil and no acid at all, ether lemon or vinegar was discernable, to cut all of that oil.  We sent it back. . The entrees, trout for hubby and sole for me, were so oversalted, they were barely edible.. We did not bother to stay for dessert.
Do not go here. King of like maggianos. I hate it. Huge factory. We had bad experience with almost everything we ordered. If u love french fries then this is your place.. We both got sick after.
Thomas Keller should shut this place down if he wants to save his reputation. This restaurant is mismanaged and the food seems like it's right out of the microwave. I visited Bouchon back in 2009 but didn't remember the name when my friend made the reservation. I didn't like it in 2009 and things have gotten worse.. . If Yelp had negative stars, this is the place to award it.. . We had a party of 13 last week. The waiter raved about the fresh oysters and how they were flown in daily. We ordered 3 each for apps and 2 out of the 3 oysters were horrible. We were nice and didn't send any back. However we provided some candid feedback. . . The main courses were all $35+ except for a ham and cheese sandwich. I'd the veal which was so-so. My friends had other specials like salmon, steak and fries, etc. Again, nothing special. They all tasted like food from a chain like Chili's. . . At the end of the meal, the waiter grabbed the plates and spilled food residue on my head and didn't even notice he had done so. I'd to call him back to tell him. The waiter didn't offer any napkins or anything to help me clean up. He said sorry and left. When I demanded a manager, the manager again only apologized on behalf of the waiter. The manager kept asking me what I wanted. Common now... What I wanted then couldn't be fixed because my hair is dirty, my shirt is stained, and my whole dining experience was ruined. I could have told him I wanted a shower, new clothes and a ride back to my hotel... but it wouldn't be reasonable. . . If this place was run by a professionals and wanted to be a high end restaurant, the manager would have immediately offered compensation instead of asking me what I want. The manager would have offered a discount or a cab back to my room to clean up, etc. After scolding at the manager, another person came back and waived my $35 plate. Essentially saying we'll feed you if you let us spill dirty food all over you after you've finished your meal. . . So if you want a real dining experience instead of getting abused and dealing with amateurs, go across the street to the Bellagio's Picasso or any other restaurant.
Seriously disappointing. Everything our table got for dinner was bland, gross, and way overpriced. The waiter was condescending at times. The environment isn't anything special. My friend got food poisoning. We all felt jipped and sad and it really ruined our Saturday night.
FOOD POISONING FROM OYSTERS . I dined there on Tuesday September 4th with my boyfriend. We had oysters and a Sancerre. I had been skeptical of eating oysters in the desert but I called Bouchon and the hostess asked the kitchen and reassured me that they're flown in fresh every day. . . Alas, I got food poisoning and couldn't eat for the rest of the week. Look up "DSP." Yep, that's what the ER told me I got. In fact it's Sunday now and I'm just barely turning the corner. Dining here dampered my Vegas vacation to say the least.
Over hyped..... . Disliked the overly priced food that was "meh" at best....... Disliked that I was seated so close to the next people. I could hear their entire conversations and if I looked SLIGHTLY to the my left or right I was starring right at their faces. Increadibly ackward for an intimate evening..
Oh darn. I wanted this experience to be every bit as good as Napa. Au contraire. They forgot we were waiting for our 7:45 reservation and were finally seated at 9:00. We ordered a bottle of wine and our meal. The frise salad with egg atop was interesting and tasty. I ordered the bone in ribeye and my friend ordered the lamb. I ordered the meat at 9:15 and it finally arrived at about 10:30! And was overcooked! I sent it back and the manager comped the meal...as he should have. As we left, we noticed the restaurant wasn't even full. So maybe it was the biggest screw up if the night. Who knows? But suffice it to say I will not be going back. They did the right thing but my friend said his lamb was "tough"! Wait, this is Thomas Keller's restaurant. The originator of sous vide. How could we have received anything tough!? So, I think we have a clear case of management not paying attention to detail. And that is sad. We heard another table complaining too. So I think you should give Bouchon a miss in Vegas and go to Napa where the food was incredible!
Tony Bourdain we followed you here and found that your dream fries were less tasty  than McDonalds and a not less tasteless steak attested that your review was a big favor you had to do to Thomas Keller. But I'm sure you didn't get the meh lame service the rest of us got while you guys were blowing each other. Don't forget to wipe your mouth when done. Those fries can be crumby.
Blah! Small portion sizes, tasteless food, limited menu options & a hefty price tag to sour your mood after a terrible meal. Skip this place & go somewhere- ANYwhere- else for dinner. I asked for pasta & the server initially said they didn't have any. Then I saw it on the menu as a side dish to a rabbit dish & asked if I could have just the pasta (I don't eat Bugs bunny) & after talking to the maitre'd, they finally agreed. BUT they charged me for the rabbit dish! So essentially I paid like $40 for 6 strands of plain fettuccine pasta, minus ANY sauce. And instead of steamed veggies on the side, they gave me steamed FRUIT. Yes, really. Steamed apples, pumpkin...it was disgusting. I specifically asked for steamed veggies like asparagus, broccoli, spinach etc bc I'm pregnant & need my daily greens. The server said ok, and brought out soggy fruit without any explanation or apology. I was pretty surprised by the bad quality of food & inattentive service, from the soup to the main course to the dessert. My friend got the merengue for dessert and she said it was too soft & overwhelmingly sweet. My husband got the gnocchi and it was actually really tasty. But it was $26.50 so buyer beware you're going to pay like $4 per bite. The French onion soup was basically a finger bowl of salty melted cheese, so I had to send it back. We were out for a good time so I didn't really mind that the food sucked so bad, and work picked up the tab so I didn't really care how much things cost, but it did irk me that after a $1,500 meal for 11 people, we still had to catch a midnight snack just to feel satiated. I get it that French food isn't really made for vegetarians but just bc I dont eat meat doesn't mean I don't have a refined pallet for taste. And even the meat eaters at the table agreed that the food was blah. BTW I initially asked for Mac n Cheese (the only vegetarian dish on the menu) and was told they could not make it with easy cheese bc it's all pre-made & heated. When I asked for a variation on some other dish (can't remember which one...sorry I've got pregnancy brain), I was given the same unappetizing response: sorry our food is pre-made, all we do is heat it up when you order it. Jeez, for $40 an entree I'd like more than a microwaved meal please. Other meat-eating patrons were very turned off by this information. Should Bouchon really call itself " fine dining" when all they do is re-heat food that's been prepared in the morning? Hmm.
We booked our 15th wedding anniversary dinner at Bouchon Bistro in Las Vegas. I am not a rich guy but I do like to eat well and prepared to pay for a good meal. Having been a food network addict as well as reading a lot of books on food, I was impressed with Thomas Keller' pedigree. I have been fantasizing for years to eat at Per Se in NY. Since we were visitng Las Vegas I booked a dinner at Bouchon hoping to get amped up eventually for Per Se. Well..........I was distinctly underwhelmed and frankly disappointed with the experience at Bouchon in Las Vegas. . . The restaurant is in a very fine setting up on the 10th floor in the Venezia tower. The ambience is muted and elegant and evokes a parisian setting. I can vouch for that becuase we visited Paris last year. The dinner started out with the staff seating us in a very nice setting. I had been hyping up the restaurant to my wife and I was eager for validation of the hype. The maitre'd looked very harried and was brusque. Another waiter brought out the bread and placed it on.............the table, not on a plate. Nowhere in Paris have I seen bread placed on the table. . . In any case, we proceeded to order the food and wine. Meanwhile the maitre'd corrected my pronounciation of some wines (okay for a guy from NJ, I  kind of expected that). Our waters were poured once and thats it. We replenished our glasses. We did not order appetizers. I ordered the chicken (yes, the same one that pops up when you open the bouchon bistro web page) and my wife ordered the gnocci. Then the food arrived, looked pretty but was salty and mediocre. My wife could not even finish her gnocci. Meanwhile, another usher kept on coming to our area and making notes on a notepad while we were left completely unattended. In any case, we proceeded to order the desserts. My wife ordered the cheesecake and I ordered Marquis au chocolat. I got a competely different dessert which was the special on the menu. Both the desserts were good but kind of the "Maggiano's" quality.. . Bottom line, this restaurant is coasting on its laurels and food quality is just okay for the reputation. I would not frequent this establishment again..........
The woman who answered my call was very rude! Nuff said.
Are you kidding me with the 4 stars? Bouchon is so over rated and the service is the absolute number one worst service out of any restaurant in all if Las Vegas consistently. Every single time I have friends that insist on going I experience the same thing, tons and tons of servers and bussers running around not doing anything. Don't waste your time coming here
I am not clear why this place is rated highly.  To me, The food is salty and full of butter.  As someone who loves to actually taste fish, I was disappointed when my trout taste like a piece of butter sliding down to clog my arteries.  If you want to eat healthy, this is not the place of low calorie food.   There was just too much seasoning in the dishes I ordered and it masked the natural favors.  Over priced, I even had horrid bowels after this.  The alcohol selection is good.
We chose this place because of all the terrific reviews, so I am not sure what happened.  My wife sandwich was horrible and my short rib meal of the day was nothing special. I would have expected so much better especially for the price.
We ate here a couple of years ago and had a fantastic dinner (one of the best I have ever had). This time around was pretty terrible. The wait staff was unprofessional - holding fairly loud personal conversations around our table. In fact one of the waiter kept rapping the top of the booth divider with his knuckles every time he came past our table- extremely annoying. All of this would be tolerable if the food was great - not this time around. The lamb was tough and gristly, and ended up flavor wise being very one dimensional (all salt).. . The next night we went to happy hour at American Fish, had a fabulous meal, great service and atmosphere.
Sad to say the Bouchon in Vegas does not seem like true Thomas Keller quality...so it saddens me to write this review, when I consider the Yountville Bouchon a 6-star joint!. . FRENCH TOAST: probably the best thing we had, but mostly because it was like brioche bread pudding and not really a breakfast food--I thought I was getting breakfast.  We had dessert at 10am. Oh well.  While the general flavor was pretty good, I do not know why they poured the syrup on the plate--it made everything that touched it soggy and uber sweet. So that's to say I ate around those sickly sweet parts because I don't like it sticky soggy sweet.  If you put the syrup on the side, which I didn't know i had to ask for, I might have really enjoyed this.. . CORNED BEEF HASH: it had real hunks of corned beef and potatoes, but it didn't have much flavor.  I think it's a totally fixable dish.  . . STEAK AND EGGS: well it was what they said, steak and eggs, with potatoes on a skillet.  The steak was ordered medium rare and it came out medium to almost medium well--c'mon, this is a Thomas Keller joint, isn't steak temperature one of the most basic things?  And then on top of it, the steak had no flavor.  It was like ok Safeway meat, thrown in a pan, with no seasoning.  If it was like a $2 dish, maybe I would understand but I'm pretty sure it was a lot more than that.. . COFFEE: it was bitter and not enjoyable at all.. . ORANGE JUICE: it was sour, but it was fresh squeezed so it's a risk you take, I know.. . Service was friendly and quick at least.  And the decor is nice like a big version of the Yountville location (thankfully no neon Vegas lights or anything).  The only thing I wished they did was when we walked in, the restaurant was empty, and the hostess said it will be a 20-25 minute wait.  Maybe she could have explained 30 seconds because we all looked confused why you're telling me there's a huge wait when there's tons of tables--you know, we only have so many servers during the day, or we close half the restaurant etc...in any case, we got seated in 5 minutes so I'm not complaining, but I'm just saying it was odd.. . On weekdays they only serve their breakfast menu from 7am to 1pm and there is limited lunch items.... . I absolutely love the Yountville location but this one is no comparison so I don't need to come back to the Vegas Bouchon.... . Tips. --It is located in the Venezia Tower. If you enter the Venetian main lobby, turn right at the registration desk (NOT towards the casino) and take the elevator to the Venezia lobby (it's like on the 14 floor or something, but there is only one button anyway). . --Bathrooms are located outside of the restaurant. . --There is outdoor seating that overlooks one of the pools as well as indoor seating. . --if you use their massive Bouchon stamp at the front of the restaurant, be ready for a really loud noise to imprint the card...it is cool, but it is hugely loud.
Bouchon has fallen into ennui. We last ate at Bouchon in 2010 and the food was absolutely divine. Fast forward to October 13, 2013 and the Bartenders don't notice new customers at the bar, the meat in the omelette and crepe are of inferior quality and the beignets are heavy lumps of fried dough.  . . To start off with, Shane, the bartender, needs some lessons in customer service. I'd been standing at the bar for at least 10 minutes on a Sunday afternoon around 12:30 pm trying to get someones attention so I can buy two Bellinis. I noticed that every time I leaned forward to get a bartenders attention the man to my right would look at me and lean forward trying to get the bartenders attention himself. He and his wife had already not only gotten their coffee, but refills as well while I was standing there waiting. Finally Shane comes over when he notices this guy gesturing at him and asks him what he needs. After the man told Shane what he wanted (more coffee refills), I said "Can I get 2 Bellinis when you get a chance" and Shane says "You're going to have to wait. I can only serve one customer at a time and right now I'm helping this customer". Really?  Wow. So then Mr Bartender-Blocker tells me that someone before me waited 45 minutes for a bloody mary and I told him that that's unacceptable and that I would have been helped if he didn't keep leaning in front of me and blocking the bartender from seeing me. I don't think this guy had ever been called out on his shenanigans before, he was totally shocked. So then he starts in on me, totally going off, and after 5 minutes of his manic rant he tells me to quit whining. Um, I'm not the one doing the whining here, dude.. . Anyways, Shane comes back and asks me what I need and I tell him two Bellini's please. And he tells me "That will be $27 dollars". Um, ok, I'm dressed perfectly appropriately for a Sunday brunch, why the announcement of how much my drinks will be?  Is this standard for this place? Really weird.. . Bad service, plus serving someone else when it's my turn, especially on my birthday, equals no tip.. . Once we were seated the service from our server was top notch. However, the food is seriously lacking. For $25 I expect my omelette to have prime cuts of steak in it, not tiny diced up pieces of second rate meat. My husbands crepe was topped with crab that tasted fishy and the broccoli tasted like it had been frozen. The beignets are supposed to be soft pillows of melt in your mouth carb heaven and they are heavy lumps that are covered in grease.. . Come on, Keller, this restaurant needs a little attitude adjustment and the ingredients need to be higher quality. Considering all of the choices available on the strip, Bouchon is overpriced for second rate quality.
20 minute wait on a Monday morning at 10:15 with a dozen open tables? Perhaps better staffing  management is needed. Very disappointing for a high end restaurant in a 5 star hotel.
Bouchon was such a disappointment tonight. They over salted everything. My friend who dined with us just asked to meet in the vip.room to get more water. The steaks were overcooked and the sauces to the soups and sides were.all so salty. The whole table commented on how hard it was to eat everything. The server wasnt super nice but wssnt horrible either. Too bad the food was inedible. We dine here every time we come to vegas and dine at bev hills often. This was such a horribke experience and we wont be dining here again. Waste of money and a ruined my mom bday dinner. The food at these restaurants should.be impeccable considering the money you pay. We would have been happier at souplantation!
Recently went to Bouchon for dinner.   This place is overly expensive for the quality.   Be careful with waiters trying to upsell the menu.  Regular oysters cost 18 dollars on the menu.  We paid 40 dollars.  Water cost 30 dollars.  Stay away from lamb dish it is very salty.  Everything is very salty so you need to drink a lot of water.   Wine was not great.  I would recommend pear desert.  Overall I would get better quality for less somewhere else.
