The food may be cheap but you do have to put up with some atrocious customer disservice. From the maitre d to the waiter, everyone made it clear you are a bother and should just go away. You have to be pretty thick-skinned to put up with such nonsense for a big plate of meat.
By far the absolute worst "steak" I've ever had. The salad was nothing more than a (as in one) cherry tomato, iceberg lettuce and dressing, my "rare" steak came out cooked all the way through and tasted like sawdust. No amount of A-1 would help get that thing down. The green beans were soggy. The only thing that was decent was the potato, but it would take some real skills to mess up a potato. The beer (hef) was a little too sweet for my taste, but it wasn't horrible.. . Bad food is one thing, bad service makes it so much worse. I couldn't tell if the waitress hated her customers or her life more. She would disappear for long periods of time. Not that the restaurant was busy... There were only about 5 tables occupied. We never did get our bill.... 40  minutes after we asked her for it we just left more cash than we probably should have on the table and left.. .  Please do yourself, your taste buds and your stomach a favor and eat somewhere else. If you are really looking for food on the cheap check out the dumpsters behind any of the better hotels. It'll probably taste better. Or go to. Mr. Lucky's and get the triple 6 deal. $6.66 for steak, shrimp and potato.
The person who seated us was as charming and cheerful as a jail keeper. We ordered 2 Caesar salads (one chicken one beef), 2 glasses of wine (one white one red) and a spaghetti meatballs for the kids. . . The only thing positive to mention is that the salad was fresh and clean... The meat (both kinds) was probably cooked at least hours (if not days) earlier and therefore as dry and hard as cardboard. The dressing is more mayonnaise than anything else close to Caesar's dressing. The meatballs were not that great either but the pasta was OK. The waitress was nice and was helpful. It is cheap in all the meanings of the word.. . I looked at the yelp recommendations to choose this place and that was a real disappointment. There must be other places with a better value in Las Vegas. Avoid it if you can.
Followed the rest of the group here around 4 am after a night of clubbing. The restaurant had plenty of people for such a wee hour in the night/morning so the food should be OK. Maybe it was for other items, but our group was there for the cheap $4.99 steak and eggs deal. . . I don't know why they even ask how you want your steak done when ordering. When the steaks came out they were all well done or should I say terribly done. =(. . The eggs and home style potatoes were OK, and what saved the meal from being completely inedible. When I eat steak I usually don't have to put any sauce on it, the natural beefy flavor and whatever marinade/rub the steak had is enough. Never understood the love for A1 steak sauce till now.... that dried out and cardboard textured z-grade steak meat was improved 100 fold by the tangy A1 sauce and actually could be eaten. But hey if your eating low grade meat it's better that it's cooked well done for safety's sake. . . I'm glad I didn't finish the meal because who knows what would have happened. I woke the next morning with the most uncomfortable feeling ever that lasted the entire day, it was explained that I had a bad case of indigestion. I don't ever remember feeling this way, but I was physically ill.  =(
You pay for what you get!!! Cheap food cheap quality and bad service! Dont waste your time :(
I will not be back.. . Why?. . Hardwood floors.. . After walking from the strip in the hot sun, I need the cushion and comfort of carpet.. . Ugly ribs.. . People talk about the ribs like they are precious gifts. But they are bags of coal. But take my word with a grain of salt, I never bought them; I just saw them on someone else's plate--not a pretty sight.. . Long lines at the players club.. . There was some kind of BBQ going on outside and in order to get discounts you needed a card. Well I did not want to go to the BBQ but I also needed a card....it was 10 people deep and no one was at the desk. I could not wait!. . Not worth the effort.
terrible service, food wasn't even decent, prices were average. I think the only type of ethnic food was the Mexican food. and pretty cool that they have their own name beer. was alright.. . . I wish I knew this place sucked so badly before even thinking of coming here.
My wife was craving for chicken fried steak for a while. Her co-worker suggested that this place has the best steak. So we went and tried it. My first option would be Tuscany Casino which i've eaten their before and for me it was the best chicken fried steak. . So, we got there around 8:30 pm. There was no line but the cafe was packed of people. We seated on the waiting bench and had to wait for 10 mins before the receptionist showed up. She didn't even entertained us. I stood and she gave me a number. To make the story short, we waited for another 30 mins before our number called. . I ordered a steak and egg which is included on the menu and my wife ordered the chicken fried steak. We had to wait for another 20 minutes before our order came. We'll, the chicken fried steak looks big and looks delicious. My order was horrible. Just as the waiter put the plate on my table i could see that the steak was burnt. I've always order well done since i dont like to eat bloody beef. Well when iate my steak it was the worst steak i have ever eaten. It's so hard and burnt. I could cook my steak better than this cook here. My wifes steak was okay but not the best either. I ended up sharing my wifes food. . The bad thing thing about this is after we ate for a few hours, my wife started throwing up. This place is the worst place i've ever been to Vegas. As soon as you come inside the casion the smell is so disgusting.  It's a ghetto place. I would never come back to this place again...NEVER!
We went there for the karaoke. However, the bar had a 2 drink minimum even for the designated driver. And they have a policy of evicting customers that don't have a drink in front of them. Very poor service from waitresses on the floor and bar. Even though I was tipping (for soda) at first. The security team is a bunch of pushy emotional kids so I had to take my complaints to their supervisors. This place really put a damper on our celebrations so we cut as soon as I reported our issues.
Is there LESS than one star??   . . I used to recommend Ellis Island ribs to EVERYONE coming to Las Vegas, but no more.  You guys absolutely suck.  . . We went in with an 11 year old and her dad, the first time in Vegas for both of them, and the FIRST night in town I took them to ELLIS ISLAND.   . . After an hour wait for a table, we left with an 11 year old in tears because they don't serve DINNER to anyone under 21, even with outdoor seating, and they don't offer take-out either.  No way for me to pull THAT one out of the bag.  We went to Margeritaville instead.. . Way to ruin a vacation, guys.  It just wasn't that much to ask.  . . I'm a local, and I won't be back, and I'll tell anyone that will listen that Ellis Island is NOT the place to go.
My friends and I were looking for a good place for Karaoke to celebrate a friend's birthday and we were recommended Ellis Island by the concierge of our hotel. Not far from the strip, the place is small and a dive which is fine. We got there just as a contest was beginning and as far as the Karaoke was concerned, it was fun and engaging.. . The service and the drinks however...left a lot to be desired. If you go, order beer because they pour the weakest mixed drinks...ever!!!! In fact calling them mixed drinks is an insult to mixed drinks. We were a little buzzed when we got there and and literally sobered up after drinking their pathetic offerings.. . I ordered a white Russian and when it arrived I was treated to a glass of cream and ice with about a 16th of an inch of Kahlua at the bottom and no discernible vodka. The smallest strip of liquor I've ever seen in a drink claiming to be a white Russian. . . I hadn't been paying attention when the waitress dropped it off so I had to wait for her to make the rounds again to draw her attention to it. When she finally made it back, I showed her and she told me that it "comes out of the gun like that". So this "full bar" is using premixed white Russian concoctions? No. It didn't occur to me until later that of course she was lying because you can't get a mixed drink like that to pour separately out of a gun, it would be a solid color and I wouldn't have seen the paper thin stripe of Kahlua at the bottom. So I gave her the drink and asked her to take it off the bill and she left.. . She comes back a few minutes later with the drink and tells me she told the manager and they added a free shot of Kahlua to it and now the strip is gone like they stirred it. So benefit of the doubt, I'm thinking it looks like they're trying to make things right. I take a sip and it's like drinking slightly sweetened cream in ice. No hint of alcohol in the slightest.. . Meanwhile, my friend had ordered an Adios Mother F****r which should have been named a 'See Ya later, Pal' because like my drink, his didn't even had stiff language in it. He kept his though after watching the little dance I was doing with the waitress. . . When she returned again, I told her that the drink was still horrible. I didn't want it. The glass was still full and to take it back. She did and mostly avoided our table the rest of the evening. At one point she came by and asked my friend if he wanted another and he told her he'd rather not pay $11 for another blue lemonade.. . I don't know about the food everyone else talked about on Yelp because after 9 they only served a small list of appetizers that were okay from our sampling in the karaoke area. Nothing I would worry about getting again but not the worst I ever had. The Karaoke was fun and the singers were actually a mixture of really good and really bad,..basically what you want from karaoke.. . When she finally brought the check, there was the white Russian living large at full price for all to see. It had not been removed and no manager ever came by to see what he could do. They just didn't give a crap whether we came back or if we told anyone or EVERYONE on the internet how crappy it was.. . So the bottom line is: if you go, drink beer and NOTHING ELSE because they will completely screw you as evidenced with them trying to charge me for a small glass of cream that may or may not at one time have been sitting next some alcohol but the inside of the glass never saw any.. . But if you want to Karaoke, there are plenty of places you can go where they might respect their customers at least a little and/or be aware that there is this thing called the internet where people will tell other people how poorly(pourly?) they think of the people they expect money from.
Ellis Island, you are dead to me!. . Oh Ellis Island, I have been a fan for over 10 years. I have been a loyal customer. I have sung your praises from mountain tops. I brought my friends to enjoy the goodness (or should I say former goodness) of your $7.99 steak dinner. But no more! After the experience I had last night, you are indeed now dead to me and hopefully to all the people who read this review.. . Ellis Island, I stuck with the even after you continually raised the price of your steak dinner from $4.99 to $5.99 to $6.99 to what it is now $7.99.. . Ellis Island, I stuck with you despite the increasingly awful service...your employees have no sense of urgency nor do they understand customer service.. . Ellis Island, I stuck with you even after finding out that your "center cut sirloin" is indeed just beef scraps combined with meat glue, rolled up into a loaf and cut into "steaks.". . But, after the experience I had last night with your obnoxious, insensitive, offensive, bully of a restaurant manager I will never visit your establishment again.. . I arrived on a Monday night at 9:15pm very excited and hungry. I was really looking forward to a "steak" dinner. We were unenthusiastically "greeted" by a hostess who told us there was a 20 minute wait. Odd, the restaurant was more than half empty...in fact the casino was almost empty. The hostess then directed my attention to a printer paper sign stating the kitchen is being cleaned and anyone who arrives after 9:30 pm will only be able to order off of a limited menu. As we were given a 20 minute wait time I asked the hostess if we would be able to get the steak dinner...she said no. I told her we were there now and if we were seated by 9:30, the supposed cut off time, would we be able to order the steak dinner...she said no. I explained we came specifically for the steak dinner, having walked from the strip, and asked if there was any way we could get the steak dinner...she said no. I then asked to speak to the manager.. . After a long wait the manager finally arrived...with a security guard. Really, a security guard? Please look at my Yelp picture...do I look like a threat? The manager stood about 2 inches from my face and proceeded to tell me No over and over again. He kept interrupting me when I pointed out his restaurant was empty, that the hostess was specifically giving wait times so that that people would have to order off the limited menu, etc. I told him his manner and policies were completely unacceptable. I finally just asked, "Am I going to be able to order a steak dinner?" He got even closer to me and yelled, "No!" I then informed him that I would make sure to tell everyone about this terrible experience and he yelled in a close and threatening manner, "Don't threaten me!" I told him that I was not threatening, just informing him that this is what is going to happen and this is what happens when people receive horrible customer service like this. We then walked out, while the manager continued to yell at us.. . Amazing! I have never had an experience like this. Just an FYI to you my Yelp friends...this is the experience you can expect from Ellis Island. Inferior food, inferior service, all served up to you by a manager who is a bully. Enter at your own risk.
I skipped Ellis Island Casino & Brewery because of the negative reviews with no feedback from ownership - especially Carrie D.'s where the manager came out to yell at her with a security guard. . . Seriously, look at her picture - he needed a security guard?
Contacted by a marketing person from Ellis Island for more info about the incident. I responded...then never heard another word. Really think they do not care about customer service. Clearly enough people show up for the cheap food. Whatever...just sad.
Some friends and I went to Ellis Island to get our Sandwich and EIB or Root Beer last night. Well I decided that I wanted a Sandwich and waited in line at the Board-House. It was busy and when it was my turn I ordered the BBQ Chicken with no tomatoes and lettuce. She took my order and my coupon and did not ask me what my name was. I stood there the whole time watching what was the so called Manager make all the sandwiches. It was apparent that there was no more chicken to make the rest of the BBQ Chicken sandwich orders and he told his employee that he is going to be out of chicken. So I stood there to see if I was one of them that might not get my BBQ Chicken due to the sudden lack of chicken. I walked a way for a few minuets to ask my friends if they wanted my free beverage because I don't do beer and root beer. They said yes and I went back to ask the not so friendly cashier if I could have a half root beer half light beer and also asked her how much longer will i have to wait. She asked my name and when I told her Jon she said that they have been calling me for the past 10 mins. I told her how could that be because I have been standing her watching for the past 10 mins and no one called me to tell me that there would be no more chicken. I explained to all of them that the manager told the other person about the lack of chicken for the rest of the orders but no one called me to tell me. They also messed up on an order for the BBQ chicken sandwich. This gentlemen was supposed to get a whole and they made him a half. The bottom line is they messed up and did not want to admit to their mistake. If the cashier did call my name she is blind as a bat because I was standing right there to her right of her cash register the whole time and she never called me. Their solution was to call the casino security to have me removed. They tried to offer me a free item off their menu. They told my friends brother that they would be happy to make me anything off their menu. They could not come up to me to apologize or face me in person. Right before we left Ellis Island the cashier passed me to go to the restroom and gave me such a dirty look. I hope the owners read this and do something to correct the attitudes of their employees. They have no reason to call me a liar.
Never go here. Went to the karaoke bar and the service was terrible. The people in the bar are mostly vagrants and degenerates. The karaoke dj (travis) only lets you sing if you give him money. After our party repeatedly gave him cash in his giant blue cup he continually moved our names back and asked for more money. Its the shadiest of all shady in Las Vegas. I am a born and raised local concierge and after the first time going in I will make sure to inform every person that asks about Ellis island that they should never go here. The extortion of money to participate in karaoke and the extremely unsafe environment that guests are subjected to is not a situation i would ever let anyone be subject to. last but not least there were a ton of underage kids slamming shots in the karaoke bar that the Dj guy (travis) was hanging out with, seemed like his friends. Embarrassing for Las Vegas.  HIGHLY UNPROFESSIONAL AND ILLEGAL.
Yelp, how could you have led me so horribly astray?!?. . My husband and I decided to visit Ellis Island, based on Yelp reviews and our love of cheap food and beer. I even appreciate a good dive bar or a good hole-in-the-wall restaurant. But Yelp, you are wrong. So very wrong.. . Other Yelpers have failed to mention that this place is in a terrifying location. It may only be 2 blocks off the strip (2 VERY long blocks, don't try to walk it), but the location is just awful. There's the vacant lot across the street, the cheap motel, and the dingy 7-11 next door. The amount of homeless people laying around outside was appalling. The whole experience was depressing. . . We didn't even stay to eat, because the whole place was just miserable. I'd rather pay a few more bucks for a beer on the Strip than subject myself to Ellis Island ever again.
Can't eat here as a family since the moved  the BBQ next to the sports book.  It's sad that we can no longereat at this famed establishment when our children are with us!
Ellis Island.....very aptly named. Be prepared to be treated like some homeless third-world vagabond that just crawled out of the steerage compartment of a ship straight from the war-torn country of Whogivesacrapistan.. . Okay, I've got family in town this week. Their favorite past time while visiting Vegas is to go casino hopping. The first one on the agenda today is Ellis. We get there, first I have to avoid the broken glass scattered around the parking lot so I won't get a flat. . . We go to the players club to sign up for the cards ($5 in free slot play is a free $5).  There's no one behind the counter, but there's an employee shouting out bingo numbers into a telephone going out over the intercom. We're waiting there for at least 10 minutes. . . In between bingo numbers the guy on the phone says (and I quote) "I can't help you, I'm really busy right now. I might be able to do something in about a half hour or so. If a floor person happens to wonder by and see you, she'll probably help you out".. . Seriously?. . Well, then I see a table games pit boss about 30 feet away from us.  I go to him and explain we've been waiting for quite a while, and could he please call someone from players club to come help us. He says okay and makes a call. About another 10 minutes pass with still no one coming to the players desk!  That's the last straw....we leave.. . Good job, ellis island. You've lost several hundred dollars today. We went to Terrible's Casino and spent our money there. We put a stack of 20s in THEIR slot machines, played blackjack at THEIR tables, tipped THEIR dealers, ate at THEIR cafe, and drank at THEIR bar. Screw you ellis island, you useless incompetent jerks!!!
Yet another Vegas treasure that has given into the pressures of "The Vegas Scene".... . This lounge used to be divey, smokey, crowded, AWESOME! Karaoke 7 nights a week!. . Now they have remodeled, taken out all the killer booths and you're now forced to co-mingle and sit on picnic tables and shared booth seating, like it's Taco Bell. Gross. . . The waitresses are so bitchy, the "craft beer" that they brew in house is AWFUL, even at $2.50, and the karaoke DJ was super douchey and fishing for tips. . . I guess I will try again in 5 years when you're ready to change again?? . . They still have the diner, which is OK and the gaming is still really good! The gaming bumped them up a whole star! Cheap table games and machines galore...
Two words: food poisoning.
The house beers were excellent!! I wish I can say the same for the steak dinner I had but unfortunately not...
If there were zero stars, that is what I would have selected.  The only redeeming quality this place has would be the $2 beer, contrary to other sad sally posters, the beer is actually pretty good. . . The staff however, is horrible.  I would never return here based on the rudeness of their staff.  I guess I would be miserable too if i worked in a casino connected to a Super 8 hotel and was surviving on the business of hobos and hookers.. . Never. Again.. . Off to get my hepatitis test results!
I want to give this place ZERO stars.. . A group of my friends and I walked here from our hotel to eat what was supposed to be cheap and decent food according to yelp. There was around 14 of us and we came at 5 pm on a Friday which is a pretty off time since it is a bit before dinner time.. . We walked in there and standing behind the younger hostess in the front was an older blonde lady that seemed to be in her late 40s-50s. We came in, gave her the number in our party and she told us that there were too many of us and that the restaurant can't accommodate us. We looked around and just from the parts of the restaurant that we could see, we saw around 5 empty tables. We told her we didn't  mind splitting up into many tables. She also went far enough to say that no restaurant in Vegas will accommodate our group since there are so many of us. We said again that we can split into many parties, but her adamant answer was that we "cannot be accommodated". This whole time that younger hostess next to the moody older lady just looked at us awkwardly.. . We were very polite and gave them absolutely no reason to refuse service to us but just the fact that our group was big (even though they have numerous empty tables).
We usually come here every year, but the host at the front desk was EXTREMELY RUDE. We had a big party, but they don't accept reservations. We came in and we had to be split up at different sides of the restaurant. She rolled her eyes when we got to the front. I'm rating a 1 star because they usually take us, no matter how big of the party. They have gone down in hospitality.
Have not been back since the food inspection noted on November 2012.. http://www.ktnv.com/news/local/177746751.html. . "The pictures really do tell the story of Ellis Island restaurant's 60-demerit closure."
Never got to eat here. Went here with 13 people and they said they could not accommodate us. They said they are used to a maximum of 8 people only. We spoke with the manager and she said the same thing in a nicer way. This place was half full many empty tables but the couldn't help us. They said they could not guarantee our food would come out at the same time, or even that we could sit at the same table. Let alone in the same area. It was ridiculous.  But it should be expected from a shabby place like this off the strip. This is the first time i have been disappointed after checking yelp. I recommend u don't go with a big group. Terrible for groups.
This place has deteriorated and is closing down soon. Drink the beer and you will get diarrhea for sure. Don't believe me? Go ahead try it at your own risk! What do you expect for $2.00? . . Look at this : . Dirty Dining: Ellis Island . http://www.jrn.com/ktnv/news/177746751.html . . They kicked out food inspectors??? Really? When I was there the other day, they kicked out this guy who was in the middle of winning a game. Security guards uprooted him because management wanted to collect the money. I couldn't believe they would treat a customer like that. Management needs to be replaced or this place closes. Can you imagine how nasty the kitchen is? For a local spot, they sure are brainless to treat locals so disrespectfully. . . Anyways, it's just bad news all around. Same night, someone got mugged outside and I heard gunshots. I hear that someone gets killed out there every week. Not cool even if it was management. Oh, the stench from that place will linger on you for a week even if you take 15 showers a day! Disgusting!
This is a horrible place. Why is it still in business. We went to the karaoke bar. If your not a regular,you will be skipped several. Several regulars went before us 4 times before our group went once. Our waitress who was great, Elizabeth hipped us to what was being done. The DJ  made no secret about it. She told us we could leave if we chose, she was a fat white old chick. This was 12/7/13.
Bouncer told me I'm not my ID.  Had second bouncer confirm, and looked at the other dude like WTF.  So, you know, eff this place we all leaving.  Owner.  I'm 32.  My GF is 26 and didnt get a second glance.  I will share my opinion with everyone I know.
