Past its prime, jumped the shark, or pulling a Brett Favre. . use whatever phrase you want - but Mandalay really needs to be revamped. When I was in college c. 2001, this was the hot spot...bellagio was for the stuffed shirts but the cool kids went to Mandalay to stay and party at Foundation Room and Rum Jungle. . Mandalay obviously caters to a different crowd now. Here are my experiences:. . - Jan 2010 - Mandalay Bay loses my reservation and tells another person that even though they had a reservation the hotel is sold out. After an hour of arguing they find us a reservation at the Mirage. Very uncool. . - Jan 2011 - Thinking last year was a fluke, stay at MB again. This time after a night of drinking, about to crash we find a blood stain on our sheets. Again very very uncool...call housekeeping and ask them to come and change the sheets...say coming right up. . . 45 minutes later, still no one.Call again and they say "sorry really busy, will send someone right up". . additional 20 minutes later - Call again, this time I'm livid and start yelling at the front desk manager, he says he'll give me a $75 credit and send someone right up. someone comes up 15 minutes later and changes the sheets. . . After checking out - I am reviewing my bill and see:. - no $75 credit. - they double charged for a meal. . I have to spend 45 minutes on the phone with Mandalay Bay after my trip to get my credit and the food charge reversed.... . Also the crowd has changed significantly - my guess is that the affluent crowd has shifted to the Wynn properties as well as the Palms and HR. Seems Mandalay has become the discount family crowd. . . I'm done with Mandalay...and you should be too
Well how do I start?....First off The Pool...  a great complex ....BUT.... unless your there after March 7th DON"T expect any pool services....we checked in on Tues.  pool was great not many people weds okay but thur it was closed and we were sent to a different pool......ALL OF THEM ARE CAPABLE OF BEING OPEN..... a photo shoot..... Friday a beautiful day pool was packed....BUT.... not enough seating especially since the pool had many reserved seats enpty and tons of people sitting on concrete with plush seating reserved.......... We waited and got fine padded cots but I watched 2 dozen people come in and leave because NO SEATING.... to top that off  some people sat on the reserved seating anyway NO ROOM.... then security came by and said you must leave or PAY ....these are room guest to Mandalay Bay...... told to leave.... then in a conversation...the security guy told the people to leave or pay $400.00 a day and on Sat, $800.00 a day for a plush seat....?????? they moved but after the conversation the Pool security guy SLAPPED me on the shoulder and SAID you must not be a millionaire to and walked off..... The four seasons pool was empty and the Mandalay pool was jammed packed ........ I AM A WELL PAYING CUSTOMER AND I NOTICED THE STAFF WERE NOT THAT WELL PAYED
Our stay at Mandalay Bay was such a pain in the ass that I had to let others know what to expect..  First, when I checked in I found out that they didn't have the room I reserved available - a king bed and a strip view were part of my girlfriend's birthday present, as she had never been to Vegas and I wanted to show her the town from what I thought would be a perfect hotel.  I thought that reserving a room like that over the phone (and even paying for a night up front!) would get me the room I needed but no, there is no way to be sure that you're getting what you want or pay for at this place..  The check-in procedure took AN HOUR thanks to an incompetent chump and sassy desk manager (she started giving me attitude like it was my fault they didn't have my room available!  wtf?) while my girlfriend sat out in the car, surrounded by drunks, in their driveway.  If that wasn't bad enough, this front desk hassle made us too late for my special birthday dinner!  Where I had a hook-up!  This was the first night in Vegas and already Mandalay Bay was losing me time and money!.  That night, I tried to put our expensive leftovers into a fridge but discovered that the only mini-fridge in the room was full of beverages that you couldn't move or else the computerized weight system would charge you immediately.  So, no fridge!  Even Super 8 has a mini-fridge!  We went to bed that night enraged..  The next night we ordered $22 nachos from room service (there was a $5 "cover charge" ... just another cutthroat fee at this place).  I didn't get the room service guy's name because I was too busy staring at - seriously - LESIONS on his face, neck, and even wrist!  It wasn't acne, it was some kind of exczema or something.  I've never not eaten nachos before in my life, that night was a total waste of food and money.  Why hire room service guys who destroy your appetite!?  Isn't that a health code violation too?.  Finally, I was looking forward to talking to the front desk as I checked out.  The clerk asked the people in front of me "did you enjoy your stay with us?" so I figured that would be my opportunity to let Mandalay Bay know that it was really not an accomodating place to stay.  However, the front desk clerk just checked me out without even talking and moved right on to the next in line with cold dead eyes.  I should have stayed and asked for a manager but I was honestly too tired and frustrated to fight.  .  "Disappointed" cannot even begin to describe our stay at Mandalay Bay.  I had hoped to take my birthday party there this summer for their awesome pools but there's no way I'm going to put up with their incompetent, scuzzy staff, poor reservation schedule, and counterproductive accomodations.  Thanks for ruining my girlfriend's birthday and first time in Vegas, Mandalay Bay!
Okay, so Mandalay Bay was not my first choice but I was excited to stay because they have so many pool and their restaurant selection is awesome.  Low and behold, there is a rain and thunderstorm forecast for the weekend I wanted.  Oh well, the big perk was the deal I got had early check-in and late check-out.  Little did I know how much a pain in the butt that was going to be. . Upon checking in, I made sure that we still had the late checkout.  The front desk man said "Yes, you have until 4pm) Great.  Sunday rolls around and after lunch, we go back to our room and of course, the key doesn't work.  So we have to go all the way back down to the front desk and wait in their long ass line to get it fixed.  Brandy, our "front desk helper" was so incredibly rude I couldn't look at her when I left.  After telling her  I MADE sure we had a 4 pm checkout she still probed me as if I was CHEATING her, as if I didn't really have a late check out and i was trying to weasle my way into more time at their crappy ass hotel.  She even asked " did you take your luggage out?" and AFTER I said no she proceeded to tell me "sometimes the cleaning ladies see its clear and then assumed you checked out" so I said, "That's impossible" Any idiot can take one step into that room and see there were two big luggages and my stuff was everywhere.  Even so, does that mean..oh okay lets deactivate your card even though you paid for the late checkout?  Brandy did not even apologize for the inconvenience or the mixup.  She took her sweet time interrogating me and making me wait.  And then to top it off, when i went back upstairs the cleaning lady pulled me aside to ask me when I was checking out and I said 4pm and she said " AY YI YI, did u tell front desk!?!"  umm.....yes because I paid for it! At this time I just wanted to leave because they were all breathing down my neck.. . I wish I could say that was an isolated even of rudeness.  But no, the bad service was even on the phone.  I was given a letter saying "please check ur balance on the TV so you can take care of it before you leave" So as a obedient patron, I did as such.  Of course the TV doesnt have that option and it say "call front desk" So i call front desk and explain the situation and she goes "you do it on the TV" and I say the TV doesnt work and she says " Well thats the only way" okay.....well thats why I am calling you .....(just doing what Im told!) she tells me she will reset it, but nope nop this never gets done.  . . Mandalay Bay is getting old.  It once was a nice place to stay but no longer.  The spa is really showing its age as well.  Their jets werent working, the robes had big ol holes in them, they even ran out of clean towels,,,cmon people you are a SPA you need plenty of clean towels.  . The pool is looking run down too. It was way too crowded to feel liek a relaxing getaway, and this was when it was cloudy and 60-70 degrees.   . . Needless to say, I wont stay here again.  I will only come back for the delicious food/restaurants.
The hotel is ok, but there are super-serious issues leading to a 1-star rating.. . The Casino is dirty carpet, smoky and lame. The casino floor clubs have auto-tuners and totally lip synced fake music. The air is not clean on the casino floor (poorly ventilated, I dont mind smelling smoke, but the air here lingers and stinks). The foundation room and the Mix clubs are both lame and they are charging to go up, I just want to see a view, but they turn this into a nightclub thing, very stupid. The clubs are not worth being charged for at all.. . Pool area is neat. Not a bad pool at all. But there are towel issues and they even check bottled water for booze! . . Where the 1-star comes in is the unprofessional staff, the thievery, the lies and the cheating. The room rates have been going down slightly, but there is a catch. Some of the worst airplane-food is served at Raffles and the Red White and Blue, and they charge criminal rates for this food. The food at Strip Steak was mediocre, but the cost was outrageous and the service was completely unprofessional. We had a $800 bill for three people, and the service was rude and the food just ok. One server at Strip Steak spoke to a drunk couple while we waited for 10 minutes to order. . . Lupo is not very good, total sham for the price. Fleur by Hubert Keller was ok, service was good, food just ok, but prices were outrageous.  Aureole could be nice, but the prices are outrageous and the format of this restaurant needs work, its not an inviting place to go and have a few glasses of wine and an appetizer, they want to sell you a 9 course mediocre meal. It also closes way too early. China Grill, prices are outrageous, and this lame place isnt open for lunch and closes early. In fact, most places close early. Border Grill just stinks. Low quality food and outrageous prices.. . I really believe in freedom, liberty, and the free market - but the prices here are nearly criminal. Sure they can charge what they want, but its a fraud, they give you a "deal on the room," and they have the convention center and drag us all into events here, but then they cheat overcharge and deliver bad food products for bad prices.. . The Ri Ra bar on the way to Luxor was the only good place in there, good fish and chips, beers were good, a bit expensive but not as bad as the rubbish in the Mandalay. The crepes place is no good, takes forever and is overpriced. Ice bar is completely lame. The seafood place, I forget the name, is lame, and has a prix fixe menu with venison on it in a seafood place. The prices were completely outrageous there as well. . . This hotel has huge potential, but its being run by greedy people obsessed with taking working family men like myself and shaking us down for every single penny in our wallets. . . The in room minibar is a total rip off and there is no room for your own stuff and there is a hyper sensitive item removal detector on each item so if you bump them while storing medicine you get charged and you have to dispute a payment for something you didn't even drink.. . The tubs are nice, but the shower is a low flow shower head which sucks. I'm letting hotels know something, if you put that low flow shower head in, I run the shower for hours to "punish" you for this. You'll rack up a years worth of water charges because you cheated me out of a decent shower. . . The walls here are paper thin, so if you get a spring break next door you are doomed. I just run water to down out the sounds. . . Raffles is the late night dining. The service can be good or super super slow its random. Food quality is airplane-food. . . The towel situation at the pool stinks. . . There are no moving (Jetson's) sidewalks on the way to the convention area. The convention area is like a half mile from the smell casino area , and walking there is ridiculous. . . The service in general here is terrible. The managers are no good, the dealers are rude, the bartenders are mean spirited. Ri Ra was good, but the rest were very annoying. Ri Ra's bar tenders are actually from Ireland. . . I really find the way this property is run to be offensive and below what should be for a potentially great hotel.. . The towels and the sheets and the other linens were smelling "burnt," like very cheap detergent was used and the linen fibers were being burned by super hot dryer. . . The internet service was very spotty, it could take a long time to "agree", and transfer rates ranged from good to zero. . . A large number of employees have piercings and tattoos which are unprofessional and need to be covered up. . . I really think Mandalay has gone from interesting and nice looking with lots of potential to being a criminal fraudulent terrible place to stay at and to be at.
$18 per day resort fee for nothing!!!  This was a nice hotel but now is outdated and over-priced.  stay at the Palms or Mirage, much better for a lower price
I always stay at Mandalay Bay during summer, for the kids to go to the wave pool. The pool area is still clean and safe as before. They let you bring your own beer and tube for the lagoon. For that part, it is a 5-star for sure!. . The only reason I am giving 1-star is their internet. The free internet (not really free, part of the resort fee you pay) is provided by Cox Business Calbe. And guess what? They are blocking VPN and I cannot log in to my work to check email!. . What got worse is that the support people denies they are blocking VPN. They make you think it is your computer. I googled and found a ton of post that Cox is blocking VPN.. . It also looks like Cox has a program running in the background trying to identify and terminate encrypted internet access (easy way to identify VPN). When you first connected their internet (agree to terms, etc., and you need to do that every 24 hours in the hotel), VPN would work. Five minutes later, VPN got terminated and you were not able to use VPN again.. . I am pretty high tech and so does my employer. I called my corporate tech support and we figured out why VPN is not working. So I "worked around" it and VPN started to work.. . Guess what? The VPN got killed about 4 hours later. This time it looks like they reset my connection (I had to agree the terms etc again although I just did it  a few hours earlier). The VPN workaround no longer works. The workaround I had was pretty sofiscated and it looks like someone had actively worked on to block it.. . What I really do not understand is why Cox is doing that. This is a business hotel and it is pretty common for business traveler to use VPN to log into their work computer. The VPN I am trying to use is Cisco VPN, which is also a very popular tool.. . I stayed at Monte Carlo last year and had the same problem. Their internet is also provided by Cox.. . VPN was working fine at Mirage last year. I think they do not use Cox.. . Unless I do not need to work, I will no longer stay at Mandalay Bay anymore.
I love the decor and the pool is great - but the last time i was there the front desk offered me extending check out - and then checked another person into my room while I was out having breakfast - with all my belongings still inside!   FAIL. . I was so knkocked off my center by this sequence of events - i didn't remember to pick up my key which means now I will need a new car key (expensive and a hassle).
I hated it! We stayed here over the weekend and gheez first thing the room smelled like cigarettes and pot! We sprayed air freshener, so that took care of the problem... The room was ok, i Like the view of the skyline... I did not like their shitty customer service when i tried calling down because i had been charged over $100 in drinks which were still in the fridge. Apparently the damn fridge has a motion and weight sensor that each time you open the door or move stuff around the desk where the fridge is located it charges you for a drink!!! I tried politely asking the lady to remove those drinks and she told me "once it has been marked there isn't anything we can do about it." BS! I threatened them that I was going to call Amex Express and reverse the whole hotel charge and I guess that got the lady to change her mind. Once that was cleared I saw the charges again the day we were going to check out, so I called again and this time the lady was helpful and gladly removed those charges permanently Worse customer service ever... Never coming back again...
I can usually find something positive about every situation but this hotel experience was a disaster. The most offensive thing that ruined our while trip was trusting our belongings would be safe in our room. Money was stolen from the safe as well as a pair of shoes and a money voucher from our earnings the night previous... We entered the room while the maid was cleaning and she ran out quickly before we noticed anything was gone. Security did nothing but have us fill out a report so they could "investigate". They wouldn't comp us a cabana or anything to compensate for some of the stolen items via THEIR employees. Sketch.. . This place overbooks... There's never a free chair to sit at the pool, and it's not the place to go if you're looking to get away from the kids for a weekend. The hallways are thinly walled and you can ear everything from people down the hall at an early hour in the morning. Terrible service, the buffet had rubbery meat... The overall experience wasnt a positive one. Now to round it off with the only good experience - the shark reef was spectacular. . . I'll be staying at the cosmopolitan for my next trip. Perhaps they won't have thieves working there.
In hindsight, I wish I researched this before booking. As things turned out, my experience is NOT an isolated incident with this business if you research other travel sites. . . Many of our family members booked a mini family vacation here for a July weekend several months in advance DIRECTLY from their web site. After getting a confirmation and putting down a deposit($230/night) for our reservation, we thought that everything was set. What else could go wrong?. . When we arrived around 3pm check in time after tired 9hr drive. My heart sank after they informed me that we no longer have a room because they were overbooked(was a busy weekend, boxing event). Now why on earth would you continue to book people for the hotel rooms when you know you ran out of rooms!!! Isn'tit suppose to be first come first serve?  When you don't have enough rooms to rent out for a particular day, aren't you suppose to stop booking more people! . . As I later learned, we weren't the only people that have this problem on that day. I overhear many other guests that were just as pee off  as we were after getting bump from the hotel. . . After pleading with them to provide us a room(didn't care if its down or up scale) so we can stay with the family without staying 3 miles away from the strip, they still wouldn't give us our room. All they told us was that they were sold out and the typical customer service talk. The only thing they did was give us some taxi money and transferred our stay to their sister hotel Mirage(also owned by MGM) for a complimentary stay and refunded us the deposit. . . In hindsight, I suspect that they bumped us because there were more people willing to pay for a higher rate that busy weekend. So obviously if they pay more, that'd be more $$ for the hotel. Just weeks before I went, I often checked the price of the rooms and noticed that the rate gone up by 50%+. So it sounds to me that the highest bidder wins.  . . What ever happen to  business integrity? Back in the days when you get a confirmation after making a deposit, its pretty much a done deal that you'll get your room.   If you don't mind rolling the dice, book this place at your own risk because of a confirmation don't mean anything.. . In the future, I'll have 2nd thought about staying at any MGM properties. Definitely Mandalay Bay is no longer a place I'd stay. . . Good luck to all that plans to stay at this place.
We checked in here at around midnight, and after some negotiation, they moved our check out time to 1pm.  This was overlooked the next morning, when they called our room to remind us of our "11am" check out time, so we had to then remind them that they had increased it for us.. . The worse part was the fact that their room key machine was broken, so they could not issue room keys for us.  Without a room key, the only way to get into the room, was to go to the front desk and have them call a security guard to open the door for us. This was extremely inconvenient..specially when the security guard took forever, and you're drunk and ready to pass out at 5am.. . We also received complaints that our room was being noisy, so we received the first strike out of three.  The third strike meaning that we would probably have to stay somewhere else...the thing is, we were not being anywhere near noisy...the noisiness was coming from others that were nearby us.  Lame.. . The next morning, the safe box that we kept our valuables was not working correctly, so we had to call the front desk to call a locksmith to fix it for us, further delaying our check out time.  . . The room is quite clean, but in reference to all the things above, the experience here was just crappy. Also, it is around a $15 taxi ride to get to the Venetian area to have fun -_-.
Well we checked in on the 21st of August for a six night stay. When We made the reservation we requested two queen beds and we did not receive that instead we were given a king and a portable bed, they did wave the charges for the bed, crib, and a refridgerator to keep my daughters homemade food in, she is about to turn one. We were told all of those items the bed, refrigerator, and crib would be in the room when we entered the room. They had plenty of time to prepair the room we arrived at the hotel at 1:15pm and were not able to enter our room until 3:00 pm. We entered the room only to find that the crib, bed and refrigerator were not there. We then noticed the room was very dirty the bathroom was filthy the floors were not cleaned at all we called the front desk and the sent a nice lady from housekeeping up and she hurriedly tried to clean the room as best she could with our family in the room she moped the bathroom floors to remove al of the stains sshe had to scrup the floors because they were stickey with soda or beer or food and tit looked like whomever had cleaned the room just walked all over the floor leaving traffic patterns of dirty shoes, she also had to vacuum because the carpet was dirty and under the bed was just absolutely gross .  We asked the housekeeper to check our air conditioner out and she could not make that work either so she tried to call maintaince, the room was extremely warm my daughter was tired the housekeeper really didn't finish cleaning the room there was black marks all over the bed skirt and the room was just very messy like maybe someone else had checked in and had seen the room was dirty and had moved, we didn't get to move. We received the bed,crib,and the refrigerator around 5:00pm and we were still baking in the room hot and tired with our frustration building I called guest services and they comped us our first two nights of our stay, that was about $80.00 a night and that was nice. The air conditioner was finally fixed at around 6:00pm and wow it felt great.  All of the staff were very kind and I tipped everyone that helped us in anyway $5.00 to the bellman that unloaded our car for us, $20.00 to the young lady that checked us in, $5.00 to the housekeeper, $5.00 to the gentleman from maintaince , $10.00 to the bellman that brought our bags to the room, and $7.00 to the gentleman from housekeeping that brought the bed, crib, and refrigerator. So now my daughter was hungry so I took some of my wife's homemade babyfood downstairs where we had eaten lunch and asked if they could warm it up for us again and they said no I was asking what happened between lunch and dinner that I could not have my daughters food warmed up and the Hostess said there is a new Chef on duty right now and that they were not allowed to warm up baby food. I went back up to our room and called to guest services if they had anyway of warming up food they told me that for $35.00 a day I could have a microwave brought up to my room, I then asked because of everything that has happened if they would waive the fee and was told no.That night we bought a microwave from Target for $44.00 and that problem was solved. So now I'm tired and ready to go to sleep and we go to take showers and the water is barely warm almost where you get cold taking a shower my sons did get cold when we gave them showers, but I didn't say anything I was very frustrated at this point however. So nothing happened for the next several days except for the shower being cold/warmish. Then on the third or fourth day of our stay my son woke up with what looked like bites to me and I thought they might be bed bugs, so I went down and talked to a manager and told her about my concerns and about the cold/warmish shower and she offered to move us to a suite for all the problems we were having. It took about an hour or so to pack up and unpack about another hour in the middle of our vacation plus I had to remove all the food from the refrigerator. I was not a happy camper. It was a nice suite but the next morning I called to see about the bed bugs and was told there was not any bed bugs. One or two days later I had several bumps/pimples on my elbo and wrist and my son had a large one on the back of his thigh. We didn't do anything to them but when we got home my sons was a huge pimple looking thing with a whitehead as large as an eraser on a pencil. It was gross we went to the doctor and she lanced it and about a tablespoon of the grossest stuff ever came out. He was put on antibiotics right away they new it was a staff infection. I went to the doctor the following day and was told I have staff and they thought I might have MERSA they took swabs lanced and used needles to get everything out it was nasty. Then on Monday. I found out I had MERSA for sure so I had to go back in and now I have to go see the doctor every other day for at least two weeks. Mandalay Bay took a report and said basically you didn't get it here. I know that we did.
I got MERSA while staying at Mandalay Bay so did my son who is 5. We were in the pool for 6 days and in rooms 32215 and 23334 wouldn't stay in these rooms until there cleaned really well and wouldn't go back in the pool unless I saw the water tests. I still haven't heard back from Mandalay Bay. Very poor customer service.. . Jim Larson  . Tracy, CA
Just spent six nights at mandalay bay that made me appreciate all OTHER hotels/casinos on the strip. This was the worst place I have ever stayed at in Vegas. If you don't have kids then you probably wont like it here. The pools would be nice if it wasn't for the million children taking up every square inch. There is an adult pool area (its also topless) but be ready to pay forty dollars to get in for one day and another fifty if you want an umbrella. I would say you get nickled and dimed here but they gouge you way beyond nickles and dimes. I know everything on the strip is pricier but Mandalay takes the cake! Room was dirty (used tampon and some skank's filthy panties on the floor). Wife and I requested one king bed when reserving the room months in advance but ended up with two queen beds. Elevator situation is nuts, spent a lot of our vacation just waiting to get on an elevator (just one bank of elevators for the whole place). Valet lost our car on our final day. We should have really done our homework on this place before staying here. It's on the far end of the strip near the airport with nothing fun in walking distance.
Ooohhh Mandalay Bay I will miss you....only because I will never stay with your establishment again.. . When you think of Las Vegas, Sin City, Adult Playground of the world, etc. do you really think of little bratty kids running around the casino hitting you with inner tubes from the wave pool?! When did Mandalay become such a freakin' haven for KIDS??? And for the A-Holes who do have those damn inner tubes from the wave pool or where ever they get them...DEFLATE THOSE THINGS BEFORE YOU GET INTO THE ALREADY CROWDED ELEVATORS!!!!! I thought about using the pins in the hotel provided sewing kit and walking around deflating all those damn things. Do you want to pay a $22.40 resort fee for each day you are at Mandalay to feel like you are at Disney Land? . . Yes I have always stayed at Mandalay Bay in the past, but never again. I will be staying at a more adult hotel for my next trip to Vegas next summer. What a bummer.
SHADY, SHADY HOTEL. I wanted to like this place. I would've too if I didn't end up getting my cash stolen out of my wallet, from in my bag, in my hotel room. We had an electrical problem in our room (TV and some lights weren't working, does this happen often?), so we called guest services to have someone come up to fix it. We head out for the night, and I come back and pass out. The next morning, I get ready to go to the Lion King desk, to try to surprise someone with the tickets. Instead, I look in my wallet and realize that over $300 had gone missing. The considerate bastard did leave me $16 though. Well eff you anyway. I end up ruining the surprise and waking up my surprisee to go complain to management with me. We're sent to the security desk and basically treated like shit. "Oh you're not a registered guest here?!" We were pretty much nobodies to them since the guy we were staying with didn't register our names. Like people don't do that all the time, especially in Vegas! The more effed up part is that we knew pretty much who exactly took it, if they even bothered to investigate. But whatever, I will NEVER ever stay here again. Other more considerate casinos deserve to take my gambling money for actual gambling. Plus this hotel is way far from the rest of the strip, where the real fun is. BEWARE FOLKS!!!!!!!
$260 charged to my room in the first 5 minutes of my stay. Yep. Turns out THEY MONITOR WHAT YOU DO IN YOUR ROOM. Take a coke out of the fridge, but decide you dont want to pay $4.50, so you put it back, well guess what. YOU ALREADY GOT CHARGED FOR IT!! That's right. The fridge IS WIRED. Oh, and you have 30 SECONDS TO PUT IT BACK EXACTLY WHERE IT WAS, or you will be charged, whether or not you actually drank it. Tell me, what grocery store does that? Its unbelievable. Maybe next they should wire the toilet and charge you each time you take a $h!t. . Oh, and after three people told me that the charges would be removed, they weren't. There is nothing written on the fridge that warns you about this either.. . ...and the "free daily buffet promo code". Well I got charged $200 for my "free" buffets. . . Remember the nice friendly staff at the front desk? Well apparently they quit and went to work at the motel-8 across the street where they still let you stick your beer in the in-room fridge..... . Also, now they charge a "resort fee" which apparently covers your "free" internet and a daily newspaper that never shows up. This fee is not included in the advertised rate, nor is it included in the receipt you get emailed. Only when you show up to the hotel are you hit with this fee. Bait and switch. The advertised rate is simply FALSE ADVERTISING. . . Here's a suggestion:  How about GIVING PEOPLE MORE THAN THEY EXPECTED INSTEAD OF CHARGING MORE THAN THEY EXPECTED!!!
Had it not been for the crappy customer service, I might consider going back. . First, there was a 'surprise' left in the toilet, I'm guessing from the cleaning crew. They did give us a 75.00 credit for that so that was nice. . Second, we got a notice halfway though our stay of what we needed to know what to do when we checked out the next day. I called down to customer service to confirm our checkout date and the lady got an attitude with me! . Third, the seals around the doors are not great and even though you are in a nonsmoking room you still get wafts of smoke in from the hallway. . . Would never stay here again unless it was free.
Rude Staff! will never stay at this hotel even though I like their pool. . do not keep your reservations even if you have a confirmation number. basically their attitude is you should be grateful we have a room for you even if its not the one you requested. we don't reserve the room you requested we just take a reservation and that doesn't guarantee you get the room you requested. unorganized check in experience at the hotel lobby. I was able to immediately get a room for the same price at MGM, which they call their "sister hotel" , way better than Mandalay Bay
CON CON CON CON!  If I could give them zero stars I would.  I stayed there about 2 weeks ago with my girlfriend to go party and have a good time.  Well from the moment we walked in to waiting 25 minutes to check in, not having our room type available, being downgraded, giving us an occupied room, coming back downstairs, waiting another 25 more minutes.  They were neither apologetic nor accommodating.  They offered to comp one night... which keep in mind we were paying more than $340 a night for serivce with an "F" you attitude.  They were not able to comp the first night since we booked thru hotwire, too many red tape blah blah blah.  So they offered us a $200.00 f&b credit.  The restaurants suck at the hotel and are so hard to find.  The restaurants were not showing the credit and so we had to call and straighten that out.  They did offer to give us 4 access passes to their spa facilites but unfortunately the spa was only showing 1.  The service, food, rooms suck.  I will NEVER stay there nor would I ever recommend it.  That's what we get for staying there when we could have stayed at the Wynn.
Hotel and Casino is beautiful... Could've given 5 stars however.... . -1 for thin walls... i can literally hear my neighbor partying next door. What do you expect, its vegas but come on! go to the club or something! I paid a $200 / per night room for this? wow.... . -3 very unprofessional staff.. a) The hotel guest services during check in is talking to fellow worker while attending us. They're bad mouthing about a co-worker taking early breaks, blah blah. tsk tsk tsk. very unprofessional.. . b) Hotel security is rude. I just asked for some parking info and raised his voice at me. I'd suggest he should take some anger mgmt sessions.. . c) I left something valuable @ my room and found out when I arrived home. Called lost and found twice and left voicemails politely asking to call me back. Got a call back the 3rd day and the voicemail goes "Hey man, I dont usually call but your stufff is nowhere to be found. I'm leaving in 2 minutes so if you want to call i might be gone already".. . overall, beautiful hotel but worst staff in vegas!
I had a horrible experience at Mandalay Bay, upon arriving they gave my room to someone else which I had booked 2 months before. Then they stuck me in a smoking room, then I had to get moved again to a smaller room with a smaller bed, which is the last thing you want to be doing at midnight. They offered no apology, nothing. It's impossible to get service at the front desk and in general they were very rude and unhelpful. They have a nice pool, but that's it, I definitely won't stay here again.
Came into Vegas for business/and also to attend the SEMA show.  Our company decided to stay here.. . The major complaints are as follows:. . 1. the non-smoking rooms reeked of cigarette smoke.. 2. After my meetings - went back to the room to do some emails, and pull back the covers to the bed - only to find the bed was soaking wet with what I do not know!. I called the front desk - and they apologized and said they would clear it up first thing in the morning.  You can imagine, how I feel after jumping into a bed that is soaked with the unimaginable!. 3. I ended up sleeping in the chair by my computer because they would not help me change rooms until the following morning!. All the Mandalay Bay could muster up was a big $50.00 credit (no new room) . . Do not bother with this hotel, with the way the economy is - all the other 4 and 5 star hotels in Vegas are so much better........with much better customer service.  Try Bellagio or Ceasars.
I will never stay here again.. . . My wife and I decided to stay at the Mandalay bay hotel for the Rock and Roll Marathon in which my wife was running in. We had heard alot of great things about this place, its a shame none of it was true.. Let's start off with Check in. We go there at around noon and were told that our room wasn't currently ready, that was fine i understood that part. They gave us some keys and told us they would call us to let us know the room number in an hour. Which never happened. We finally just went back up to the front desk and asked and sure enough they had our room ready they had just neglected to call us to let us know. So they gave us a room number wrote it down and everything. The Room number was located in their new all suite " the Hotel"  we got to the room and our keys didd't work and the maid was still there cleaning. Getting to the Hotel was quite the walk since we didn't know exactly where it was. I decided to call to make sure they gave us the correct room number which they hadn't, it was actually a room back in Mandalay Bay part of the hotel. GREAT! now we get to make the hike back to the other hotel. They told us that because of the problem that was their fault they would give us a 50.00 credit to use on room service or food in one of the resturants. I guess i should have looked at the menu because 50.00 could maybe get my wife and i 1 entree, 1 drink and 1 desert. Its pretty expensive.. Other parts of the hotel , our sheets had stains on them and they were pretty cheap linen. maybe 60 count sheets , it was like sandpaper along with the bath towels. They were very good for exfoliating. The walls were quite thin we could hear the people that were loacated on either side of us talking. Best of all my wife wanted to grab a shower after her run but she couldnt cause the water pressure and heat didn't work. It was very cold in Las vegas for the run in the 30's and 40's with wind and rain , yea!!!. When we left today we made sure to check our bill and were suprised to see that they hadnt given us the 50.00 credit so we had to fight them about that on the way out. . We will never stay here again. Either should you....
This hotel has really not stayed up with Vegas, third time this year that I have stayed there. Rooms are average compared to most of the newer hotels. Blackjack dealers, 80% not friendly, food is average.. They are not what they used to be, the folks that work at Mandalay do not seem very happy working for the hotel. Chong a dealer as worked in the business way to long and was just rude.  Not fun, if I lose money i would at least like to have fun doing it.. . Free WiFi but don't they all offer that?. . Last time I ever stay at Mandalay Bay.
The service here was appalling from the time I checked in. The girl at check-in insisted I give her the credit card that had booked several of our reservations (my bosses) and I had never been sent a credit card authorization form to differentiate each reservation.. Needless to say by the time I go to my room I was starving, tired and wanted a bite to eat before picking up my packages at the business center. . I ordered a SALAD (no grilled steak or chicken atop it) and waited over an hour. At that point I had to skedaddle to a meeting and was even more hungry and frustrated and had to call room service and cancel the meal. Luckily I was able to find a bit of trail mix leftover from my flight to sustain me (barely).. From that point on, I was continuously disappointed in what this hotel had to offer with exception to the guys at the bell desk. They were always prompt, positive and just a joy to work with (and I had a lot of packages).. The girl at one of the information desks (when I decided to cut my short at that establishment short) was SO unhelpful in directing me to where I needed to be I was so glad to be out of there forever. Good riddance, I should have stayed at The Wynn where I know service is always way above par.
Mandalay bay is not a "high end" hotel, I'm currently at our comped room we received from our last disappointing stay and have already been switched twice. We wrote guest services to set up a room and they booked us a king without asking, which we were easily able to change with a much friendlier front desk... Unfortunately our new room had dirty sheets in the closet, slept on pillows with excessive hair and mascara all over a dirty wash cloth. We were again moved after being apologized to and told our original king had been inspected before our arrival---- every room should be clean! We were told the house keeping manager would visit us to be told 30 minutes later when we called to ask where they were they were too busy and they'd already switched our room. We headed up to our new room to find light bulbs out and strobing and "Shame" like hand and body prints on the window. I know what the size of the room is and such but every room should be clean and up to par. Guests are paying for this experience, they chose your hotel over all the other options- make it clean!
Gave this place 2 chances and was disappointed 2 times.  . . A girlfriend and I had chosen to stay here in may of last year and had an awful experience- rude front desk, dirty glasses, blood stains on an extra pillow we requested!  We complained and were offered a refund or a comped 2-night stay. We decided to give Mandalay bay another chance and chose the comped stay.. . Well I am currently checked-in and this is not turning out to be any better. First they booked a king room, when we needed 2 queens.  There was hair on the pillows as if turned over for the next guest, a dirty sheet in the closet, and mascara on the washcloth!  ( I went here with Jillian T., if you can tell by the similarities in our reviews).  . . We complained and they changed our room, but this one has nasty looking prints on the window.  At least we got a $50 credit to the noodle shop.  . . NEVER staying here again. Caesar's Palace is a better deal, better location, and is an ACTUAL 4 star resort, unlike this dump.  The pool over there is way better too.  . . DON'T STAY AT MANDALAY BAY!
Didn't stay in the rooms...but valeted my car at The Hotel to go to dinner at Strip Steak.  Got my car back at about 3:30am and on the way home realized that a number of things had been stolen from my car...2 pairs of nice sunglasses, a sweater that was a gift still in the box, my bluetooth ear piece, other small items, and my cars manual (why??).  I called security to tell them and they just took a report over the phone....and was clear that the guy couldn't have cared less.. . They told me to call their Risk Management department in about a week.  So I did that.  Rudest woman I have ever spoken to.  She actually told me that when I valet there it's just like "giving your car to a stranger"....so I guess if you get a job as a valet at The Hotel you can steal whatever you want out of the cars because there seems to be no repercussions.  She asked me why I left my valuables in my car...my sunglasses? It's night time.  My car's manual?  Didn't think to bring it along.  . . I get that they can't be responsible to what happens to the vehicle...as I am sure the claim ticket says....but don't casinos have security cameras?  They couldn't take the time to look and see how my car (and possibly who) was broken into? And either the valet did it or he left the door unlocked.  I just think that since I trusted them with my car...I should not be the one who suffers because I didn't do anything wrong.  And it shouldn't be riskier to park your car in valet, then on the street.. . Anyway...3 calls already to the Director of Risk Management and no call back.  2 calls to their customer service department (called Guest X)...and no call back.  . . So overall Mandalay Bay hotel doesn't seem like a safe place to go if you have any valuables...as if they get stolen, no one there will really care nor do they feel they are at all responsible.
Had a very difficult time getting into the hotel between the Valet being full, registration very crowded with only a couple staff working the desk, slow service in the restaurant and lots of early morning noise from the housekeeping group in the hallways.
Be prepared for a 45 minute wait just to check in.  I found the service to be rude and slow in the cafe too!!
With all the conferences and other stuff that goes on here- expect HORRIBLE service.. . We reserved a room here for non-smoking.  Upon arrival- they were out of non-smoking rooms and we got this DISGUSTING smoking room.  We even had them spray the room and it still made me sick.  Despite telling the front desk about my allergies, they refused to move me to another room or upgrade me OR COMP ME.  WTF!? So I'm supposed to suffer all night?  My horrible night doesn't even end there.  The iron was crappy and the room is so poorly designed that it's impossible to plug in your iron and iron your clothes without pulling the iron out of the socket.  I made the mistake of requesting extra towels at 1130pm.  I waited and waited and waited...nobody came.  So I went to bed.  At 2am in the freaking morning somebody knocks on the door.  Are you serious?!  I refused to get out of bed since I was so darn tired.  2 minutes later they knock again.  Excuse me, it's 2am in the morning and I need sleep, will you go away?!  Anyways, you'd think they'd leave me alone after not answering after the 3rd time.  Instead they CALL my room to get me to answer the door.  No apologies for waking me up.  Seriously- the towels could have been left outside the room or if i wanted them, I would have called again the next morning UGH!!!. . Continuing on, the next day they finally were able to move me to another room.  It still didn't make my stay any better- the rooms are just dated and old and honestly I should have just stayed at Luxor since you have to walk like 2 miles to get to the convention center.  So many other things here really made my stay in Vegas the worst stay ever and I come here at least a few times a year.  I would gladly pay so much more to stay at a different hotel since the service was horrible and the amenities are just sad.. . I will admit the pool is nice and the drinks are pretty good but I did have a waitress that ripped me off bigtime.. . Overall, I repeat, I will NEVER EVER stay here again.  I could probably go another 10 pages about the other *stuff* I hated about this hotel but I will spare you readers and just leave you with the advice of DON'T STAY HERE!!
Disappointing.  A nice hotel with great ammenities.  HOWEVER, slow elevators, understaffed, poor service, and you do not get what you pay for. . . Moorea pool was a nice pool, however it took FOREVER to get drinks, food, salads, and it wasn't even a busy weekend.  Took a half hour to get salad dressing so i could eat my salad that got hot by the time it arrived...actually i had to find a manager to get it for me because my waiter never came back?  . . I expect better service and better management solutions when things go wrong at a hotel.  When you pay top dollar for service, I expect to get it. The HOliday Inn Express has better service than this hotel.  . . AFTER we checked out, 2 people in our party had to call back to fix their "over charging" at the pool and for the hotel room.  So, even more time wasted on the phone after we left to get that taken care of which still took several phone calls to get it resolved and waiting on hold for 30 minutes before someone would answer.. . Overall, I would stay somewhere else.  . . PS - when this hotel says that you are getting a King bed you are actually getting a Queen bed.  When they say you are getting a Queen bed, you are actually getting a double bed.  Not sure why they need to falsely advertise your bed size, but it does make a difference when you plan to have people share a double bed! Gets a little more cozy than desired.  The Palms Hotel does the same thing.  If the "vegas standard" is smaller than real life then why don't they just say it?
$28 resort fee......Yes that how I'm starting this review because our lovers' suite was on sale from $250 to $112 PLUS a resort fee of $28, which was news to us. That's over a 20 percent increase over the real cost that we thought we were paying. Suite had view of air conditioning units and drapes wouldn't open all of the way because of building pillars, drapes opened up 15 feet, not 40 feet. The bathroom smelled of smoke on a non smoking room and floor. Called and told them, they sprayed, but smelled came back and perminated restroom. I had a much better experience at Ballys in a normal room. Beach was packed and annoying because people would leave there towels on the chairs and vacate so you would never know if the chairs were open. Music was a perfect addition and water was refreshing. Would I stay there again? No, too many better properties who want your business.
I know I won't be coming back!! First, i would like you to know that I wrote this whole review and 2 others already while being on hold for the guest serveses at the front desk just to get some CLEAN towels (it's been 36 min and counting). However I would be surprise if anything in this old hotel is actually clean. I have found long gross hairs both in my bed sheets and bath and everything is covered in dust. And due to the slime that stick to your feet from the shower i seriously doubt it's ever really been cleaned. I came here for the pools but couldn't get in because they close at 7 and I had to wait 2 hours to check in because on june 7th I guess the computers had been down for 2 days already which explain why they said to "call back in 2 hours" every time I had called in the past few days for info. However I guess they thought they were doing me a solid as men in smug suits walked around passing out free drink vouchers for poorly made, bottom shelf well drinks that are either purely plastic alcohol or under poured nasty tasting drinks. Maybe mandalay bay is really so old that they sent out a tellagraph by pony express to fix there gaspowered computer system? I'm sure that at one time it was nice but they let this place go to shit and fast. I Wish I could actually file a complaint but Ive been given the run around 2 times now and I'm over it. Stay ANYWHERE ELSE!!
I went this past Memorial Day Weekend. After reading many of these reviews I had high hopes but this stay was very disappointing. The service was terrible - the staff kept reminding me it was a busy weekend but that did not help me feel better that my room was not cleaned, I could not get service at the pool or the bars, and that there was a wait for the elevator every time I wanted to go anywhere in the hotel. Rooms were not that impressive. Then, on top of the resort fees they charge you, they  charge you extra to use the weight room. This place is over priced and absolutely not worth it.
This place was horrible.  I had to wait in a checkin line for 90 minutes, and then they gave me a room that was already occupied.  We used out key and went right in and the other person's stuff was all over.  I had to go back in and start all over again.  Then there was a long line to check out too, and they couldn't produce as bill because their computer was down.  Room had a broken door that wouldn't stay shut.. [I am adding this update on 6/23/12 because of how Brittany H from Mandalay responded.  Despite this computer crash that left huge lines throughout the hotel on check in and check out, Mandalay Bay offered big discounts online and on twitter to still try to fill their hotel to capacity, rather than focus on the guests that they already couldn't keep up with.  All I hear is about how much they value their guests but this is baloney.  When I was there, top management only cared about profits.]
I wanted to love The Mandalay Bay, but sadly I did not. . . Let me touch on what I see many other reviewers have mentioned: the resort fee. The hotel reps say this is a standard fee for Vegas hotels. Just because it's standard that doesn't make it alright. This covers a daily newspaper - which I did not read, gym access - which I did not use, computer/ printer access - which I did not use and WiFi which I tried to use, but was so spotty I stuck to my cellular phone's network for internet browsing. All of the other hotels I've stayed at in the past year have offered these services FOR FREE. Oh and thing that was not explained to me on check in is that it's a DAILY fee. A 40 minute phone call to customer service got me 1/2 of the refund that I asked for. . . Other than bogus fees: the TV channel selection was dismal. I saw huge lines for the elevators to certain floors. Huge lines for the buffet - didn't feel like waiting, so I went elsewhere. The pools were so crowded I didn't bother with that either. The food was generally overpriced and average. It's difficult to get to other places on the strip. You have to take the tram to Excalibur, walk through NY NY and MGM grand to get to the monorail to get anywhere else in the city. . . Ok I'd at least like to end this on a positive note. I really dug the shark reef aquarium. The hotel was very clean and I liked my room set up. Having the House of Blues in the hotel itself was very convenient. Also, it's close to the airport.. . I won't be staying there again & I'll advice my friends and anyone reading this to take your business elsewhere.
I canceled Wynn hotel came this hotel because the beach! It is like zoo and way too many kids!! huge huge mistake! Disappointed even tried change hotel. Please pick other hotel! If you don't care pick here! I  Never will be back this hotel !
This hotel is horrible. I stayed here in the past weekend, and it was the worst experience I've ever had in Vegas. Rude and useless front desk, long-waiting on check-in and check-out since there are many guests got to dispute unauthorized charges like us, long-waiting on elevators, etc. I definitely will not return to this hotel...
I'm really torn on what rating to give this place. First off, we stayed here on a Friday, which happened to be the first night of EDC. I expected Vegas to be busy so I figured there would be wait checking out. But unfortunately, their computers were down or something on that day, and check in took over 2 hours!! I know this is isn't there fault and they did everything they could to remedy the situation (free drinks, snacks, etc.) So my issue isn't really this. My issue is more about the aftermath of the day (i.e. my credit card bill) . . Because of the 2 hour wait, my friend was able to convince the front desk lady to give him a bit of a discount. She supposedly gave us $100 dollars off. Sounds awesome right? Well not when you end up being overcharged $82 on your credit card bill 5 days later. So when we checked out of the hotel, the computers must have still be down because we couldn't check out through our TV and there was no way in hell I was going to go wait in line for another 1 or 2 just to check out. Instead, I called down to the front desk, waited on hold for about 20 minutes and finally checked out. Since I did this, I wasn't able to see my bill because they were going to email it to me. Well the last thing I want to do in Vegas is check my email and worry about work so I waited until I got home to check my bill.. . We were given the $100 discount but they then charged us $30 for a late check out fee, even though we specifically booked through a promotion saying we are supposed to check out at 4:00 p.m. (this was also confirmed on the day of check in) So basically we were only overcharged $30. No big deal, I thought it would be a quick fix. . . I call Mandalay Bay to get a credit back on my card. Apparently I have to talk to the accounting department. I end up on hold for AN HOUR!!! No one picks up. Are you kidding me? An hour?? I then decide to email the accounting department. I have not gotten a response to date.  I then call the accounting department again two days later. Another ridiculously long hold. I then call the  front desk and explain to them that there is a problem on my bill and she says she'll try to fix it for me. Big mistake. She ended up correctly charging my credit card but then she charged my friends card $82!! (his card was on file because he checked in and used his card for incidentals) I have no idea where that amount came from and they did not have permission to charge his card. Now he can't get a hold of the accounting department to get a credit on his card. . . If this didn't happen, I would have given the hotel 4 stars. Rooms were clean. Service was decent. Good restaurant options. Awesome pool. But giving me a discount and then overcharging my card and my friends card? Unacceptable.
I've spent over an hour today trying to track down a copy of our room bill. This is a fitting end to what was an awful experience from booking, to check in, to the actual quality of the amenities, and checking out. Trying to get the staff of the Mandalay Bay to help with anything is a near impossible feat. Take adding a person's name to the room for example. That took three phone calls and nearly an hour of time. I'm sitting on hold (min 26:48) as I type this review, still unable to connect with anyone capable of sending me an invoice.  Go to the cosmopolitan, or literally anywhere else.
16 business days later and I have yet to receive the refund I was promised.
We reek of cigarette smoke and our eyes are red.  Horrible ventilation at this once great hotel.  Never going back.
One star for their mediocre service and resort fee. I had to pay $28 for poor breakfast buffet as brunch and if I wanted champagne that was extra on Wednesday, 4th of july that I stayed with them. Hotels rooms at the holiday inn were of better quality. Also would highly recommend their morning staff, both hotel and casino, be better trained. For a hotel that is on the south end of the strip, I would thought they be a bit more costumer friendly.
It took two hours to check into the hotel.  Too few people working the desk and when we finally make it to the desk, we have been given a different suite than we reserved more than a month earlier.  We were not offered anything by the casino to compensate for not being placed in the correct suite.  We argued for 45 minutes before they miraculously were able to honor our reservation and put us in the correct suite.  There are too many casinos in the city to treat customers in this manner and I will never recommend nor stay at this one again.. . In addition to the room problems:. . The casino lacks choice and number of slots that other casinos offer. The Wynn and Ceasars are much better in this department.. . This was a return trip because we really liked our previous stay but that was before it was purchased by MGM.. . Do yourself a favor and choose to stay at another casino.
Worst Hotel I have ever been to by far.  When we arrived at 8pm it was an hour wait to check in, followed by a 15 min wait for the elevator. Unbelievable. Then we got to our room and they gave us a smoking room when we asked for nonsmoking. When we called down they told us they didn't have any more suits available, so we stayed in the gross smoking room. The sheets were like sandpaper and the air-conditioning was so small it didn't cool the room down at all! The internet went in a out the entire night, this is crazy since you pay a $25 resort fee for internet. The bath tub was so gross we couldn't even use it. It just seemed like a grimy old hotel that was trying to be high end hotel and it was just awful. Out total for the room was $140, we ordered two dinners from room service and it was $100! Go to a nicer hotel and pay the extra $50 or $100. It's worth it. It was just gross and CRAZY busy. We even had to wait 15 mins for the elevator the next morning for breakfast, in a line!
Man-dat's-lame Bay. . FOR REVIEWERS TO SAY THIS PLACE IS UPSCALE AND LUXURIOUS OR WORLD-CLASS (3rd world, maybe), TELLS ME THEY HAVE NEVER BEEN TO AN UPSCALE, LUXURIOUS, WORLD-CLASS  HOTEL. Consider the source, people.. . Coming here was like a scene from a bad movie; I thought I was in Walmart on Black Friday. . . First of all, this hotel is NOT on the strip (middle of nowhere). It is far, far, FAR from the action.. .  CHECK IN:  The line was sooo long it snaked around the entire lobby and moved at a snail's pace; one hour wait.. .  ROOMS: The furniture is old, uncomfortable and broken. GHETTO.. .  POOL:  NASTY! There were many wading pools, which all were filled with disheveled, drunken people, with drinks still in hand, who were all shouting over the 3 different types of music  (all playing at the same time). Also, there were no seats available, poolside, and trash was strewn everywhere. It looked like a Tijuana alley.. .  THE CLIENTELE: 99% can be found at "People of Walmart.com" WARNING: They boast of having a private nude beach! Thank you for keeping it private.. .  ELEVATORS: There is a line to get into these tiny, crowded (sardine style) contraptions; they are dirty and SLOW = nightmare fuel if you are on the 34th floor,since it stops at EVERY floor. We were tightly squeezed in between a loud, obese, drunken wedding party.. .  SHOPPING: Uuuh, nope! Lame, unknown, shops.. .  CUSTOMER SERVICE:  It was difficult to call them since the main phone (from the 80's) was broken, so I had to use the one in the bathroom. When I complained to the manager (woman) was rude and not helpful.  . .  FEES: Watch out for the hidden resort fee; it will be added to your bill when you check out, about $30 extra!. . OH! Look at all the one star ratings that have been filtered, for some reason!. . THIS PLACE SHOULD NOT BE
Unfortunately we also had a sketchy stay several weeks ago. We had read pretty good reviews and were excited, especially about the kids-free adult pool area (aka Moorea Beach Club). Had read all about the GREAT robes you get in your room. . . Check-in: long line and not ONE seat in the cavernous lobby to sit in. Got to the room (dated and worn furnishings) and NO ROBES. Also there was lipstick graffiti on our wall mirror over by the window which had been left by housekeeping. . . Called down for robes at 3pm. Said they'd send them right up. Called again at 7pm. Apologies and same promise. Ran into a housekeeper at midnight, said he'd return within 30 minutes-you guessed it, no robes. Called the next morning and FINALLY got our robes (not that great unless you are HUGE). Decided to wait on the lipstick and see if it got cleaned.....that was on Saturday. . . It was clear housekeeping and customer service could care less and have NO quality control or audits in place. When we finally mentioned the lipstick to the houskeeper on WEDNESDAY she said she thought we did it and didn't want to clean it....how about asking?? C'mon. Several sequins fell off my dress on Sunday evening and were still there the day we checked out (Friday) so vacuuming obviously does not happen. Dirty stains in our whirlpool tub..... . One phone was broken. Our electrical outlets were not functional. There was some sort of business card between our sheets which had obviously gone through the wash with them and not been noticed by housekeeping when making our bed, yet WE found it. EW. Stains on the tete a tete sofa by the window (EW again) etc..... . Stalking phones calls selling us the SPA (more on that later) at least 3 times a day every day. We knew about the resort fee and were told it was to cover wifi and the gym (we are fitness freaks). Ok, 25 a day for that was cool. Wifi was not functional for the Verizon phone at all. ATT phone worked ok. When we tried to find the gym (it's not listed ANYWHERE on the room literature) we were told it was a "cardio center".....that is included in the fee, not the actual gym with weights etc....which has to be paid for seperately as part of a daily SPA fee (50 bucks per head per day!!!!!!) and you have to deal with spa screening to get to it as it's at the back of the spa. When we complained and demanded a supervisor, they RELUCTANTLY acquiesced by "giving" us three visits (between us!). What a joke. In a town where comping is everything? PUHLEASE. . . It's at the end of the strip (far end) so off the beaten path, with a tram to Excalibur and the pyramid place. We knew that going in but it was necessary to take a cab pretty much anywhere. . . The pools?? It was about 110 so going before 4 was not possible without an umbrella. Want one? It's gonna cost you.....ridiculous!! Upward of 100 bucks for the regular pool during the WEEK. Moorea Beach Club? 50 bucks for each chaise, 50 bucks for the umbrella, and another 50 bucks for my husband to look at the boobs (of which mine were about the best LOL). RIDICULOUS. Also on a weekday. This was a 50 buck discount. 200 vs. 250. But I WILL say once we were there, it was about the best part of the entire stay. GREAT service and scantily clad babes for the boys were serving us. People were more mature and well behaved. Nice pool and nice bar, chaise service, complimentary water (for 200 bucks). . . Overall this place is nowhere near an elite. About a Hampton Inn level. I didn't expect Ballagio but I expected WAY more than we got. And customer service could not have cared any less. Restaurants were ok at best. Buffet? SKIP IT. No winners that we noticed on the gaming floors either. . . Not the place to decompress unless you are prepared to lay out massive money for a mediocre experience. This places need to start OVER. Management, are you listening? Have you seen these reviews? Do you even care?
Overall a bad experience.  When we got to the hotel to check in, we had to wait for almost an hour... And this was on a Saturday afternoon.  No upgrades on the room were available.  When we got up to the room, it was less than impressive (decor was a bit dated) and it was on the small side.. . We decided to get something to eat and tried the Raffles cafe.  We waited literally 50 minutes to get our food.  And when we finally got it, the food was horrible and way too expensive.. . The casino was nothing special, spacious but dated.. . Room service was way overpriced, our room was never cleaned, and even after calling them to come and get the table from the room service from inside the room... Housekeeping never came.. . So there is the wave pool and the lazy river.  They were somewhat fun but WAY too crowded.  Even Sunday night at pool closing (which was 7pm) the pool was packed.. . Finally there was the bill, tons of unexpected charges including resort fees and unmentioned extra fees for the room service.. . This was a horrible experience.  Not only was I disappointed with the hotel, but it was so bad Iam even questioning going back to Vegas for a while.  Is this what has happened to hotel service out there?
Stayed at Mandalay Bay this past weekend and left a $300 pair of Jeans in my room. Housekeeping decided to keep them as we called back the following day and no jeans were ever turned in! As frequent stayers @ Mandalay it's very disappointing that the maid service is keeping clothes rather then turning them back in so that their customers can get them back! Thank you NOT so much Mandalay!
We stayed here 11 years ago for our daughters 21st.  It was great.  What happened?  Now, it is dirty,drab and depressing.  We were promised a suite at a high level and got a room with a view of a wall on the 3rd floor.  As far as we are concerned, they went from 5 stars to 0.  No amenities, towels you do not want to use, and don't sit on the furniture-- it is scary.
It's been a couple of weeks since I stayed here, I just haven't had the time to post a review.  I do feel that it needs to be done.  My husband & I go to Vegas at least five times a year.  We really enjoy it there and like to stay at a different hotel each time, but usually remain pretty loyal to MGM-Mirage resorts.  . . August was a pretty busy month for us work-wise & we were pretty burned out...we needed a vacation!  I received an email from Sears Vacations with a special Vegas offer.  What timing!  We decided to make a quick getaway to unwind.  There was a choice of three hotel specials, the most expensive of which was Mandalay Bay.  Well, we have always wanted to stay there and decided to make the plunge & book it.. . We left early on Friday, Aug 24th to beat the check in crowd.  We arrived there around 12pm and the lobby  was PACKED!  There had to be over 100 people in line to check in.  There were only four windows open to handle this crowd.  They actually rolled a beverage cart to the lobby and were selling beer to people as they waited in line.  I couldn't help but think that maybe they ought to pull the beer guy off and put him behind the counter.  We waited 45 minutes to check in.  When finally reached the counter we were offered a "room upgrade" for $30.  I asked if she had a viewsuite and was told yes, so we decided to go for it.. . We got to our room & the 1st room key didn't work.  We messed with the 2nd one a few times & finally got the door open.  Our "View Suite" only had half a window...with a view of the roof!  We didn't want to wait in that line again-just wanted to get to the pool so we decided to deal with it & unpacked.  At first glance, the room looked pretty nice.  I changed into my bathing suit and walked barefoot across the carpet.  It was damp & sticky!  I grabbed my flip flops and began to notice that the whole carpet was stained & spotted, with "traffic marks" everywhere.  The sofa was stained & dirty as well.  There was hair stuck in the bedspread, and dust and trash all around the platform bed.  The clock radio/ipod dock didn't work, the jacuzzi had broken jets, and the ice machine was broken on my floor. . . Long story short, we were terribly disappointed with our stay.  This hotel needs some TLC, and for the prices they charge it's NOT worth it.   I did call the Front Desk Manager upon check out and she did credit us our "Resort Fee" and the room upgrade, but I still have the $462 bill to pay Sears for the original booking...I could have stayed twice as long at another hotel.
Hands down the worst customer service ever!  On my first stay, they put us in the wrong room.  When we were moved to the second room it was not cleaned.  There was hair in the bed!!!  They clearly did not change the sheets before the next guest.  Also, the bathroom had hair in the sink where some had shaved and they didn't clean that either.  GROSS.. . My second stay was even worse.  I requested an ADA room for my mother who has mobility problems.  We were not given an ADA room.  The bathroom floor is very slick and she slipped and fell and hit her head and back.  She still is sore more than a month later and the hotel has not done anything!  I have contacted multiple people multiple times and they are completely unhelpful.  A little bit of good will and customer service would have gone a long way, but Mandalay Bay had done absolutely nothing!. . You have a lot of choices in Vegas so I would recommend to pick another one.  The location isn't great, it's on the end of the strip far away from everything.  It's a pretty hotel, but it's definitely not worth the AWFUL customer service.  I'm writing this review because I'm so frustrated at the horrible customer service from Mandalay Bay.  It's a luxury hotel, but don't expect good service.
I've never stayed at Mandalay Bay before and now I know why.... My husband is BANNED from making hotel reservations from now on. We checked in on a Sunday 9/16/12 at around 5pm after waiting in a very long line (they were hosting the Barrett Jackson Auto Action), only to be told that they had over booked our room and would upgrade us to TheHotel (never stayed there either) Okay, a little annoyed but its okay? No, it's not. The room we booked had a spa tub, the new room we are getting does not. Bummer. Not happy about it so they say they will offer us $75 credit for room service and select restaurants. Okay, not bad.... I guess.... We go to check out on the TV and go home. The next day I check my email for our bill. Notice they didn't take the $75 off. Gave them a call and they say they will fix it... sure. Welp At least I know  will Never stay there again. The only good thing about Mandaly Bay is Shark Reef.
This place sucks. To darn expensive for one the resort fee is way to much and they want it right away to. Funny thing is we did not even use the pool or anything. Then you go up to your room and they have mini snacks the price is so damn expensive to so we found a place to buy snacks and drinks cheaper. Also since the resort fee had to be paid up front we had no money so we ended up doing time shares and saying no to get free stuff to do until we got paid. Funny thing is we did not eat at anything in Mandalay bay either to expensive. This place is a rip off. Don't stay here. Plus it is way off the strip.
I stayed at manadaly bay mid November for a short break just before thanksgiving. When I check them out online they boasted about many restaurants and a beach with several pools. . . Unfortunately my first room was a connecting room and the people staying next door decided to come home at 7am and argue for 20 minutes, not a great way to wake up my first morning. After I called down to the desk things settled down until about 8:30 when they made up and were rather load while having sex. At this point I hit the buffet and asked the registration desk for a new room. . . After the clerk laugh about my experience he said they wouldn't have a room until later he took my name and told me he could only hold the room until 2 and he would call me when it was ready. Basically stay on the property or lose the room and we can't tell you when it will be ready. . . At 2 I went back to the front desk, they couldn't explain why they didn't call but try did have a room. . . Unfortunately the beach and the beach side casino were closed. They only had one pool open which was full of screaming kids, not for me or as implied on their web site, it just says the beach is open seasonal, since it's 70 out I assume that's good beach season.  . . As for the restaurants they had 5 of them closed for renovation again not noted on the web site (red square, china buffet, Lilly, red white and blue and another one that escapes me now) also the food court was closed apparently it's only open select days but they don't advertise what days. . . On my second day here I went to the front desk to ask if I could complain about these items. I was told they don't have a systems or registering complaints until you check out then they will email a guest survey. I pointed out that it defeats the purpose to take my complaint after I am gone but they said that was their system. . . I'm sure it's a nice hotel when it's in season I just which they would advertise when that season is. The most disappointing was the customer support, they only want feed back after you leave. Guess what by then it's too late, I guess I'll stay somewhere else next time
The only bad thing about the hotel is the beds. Which when you're primary use of a place is to sleep in it, is kind of bad. The rooms are beautiful, comfortable and well laid out. The shower is roomy, has great pressure and will burn your damn flesh off if you're not careful. There was also a really nice garden style tub that I didn't get the opportunity to use. . . The beds on the other hand were very spongy and felt like they were going to tip over if you weren't laying directly in the middle. I've honestly never experienced anything like that. Also, they tacked on a $25 fee for some nonsense at the front desk that included internet. I wasn't thrilled with that. Other than that it was an enjoyable stay.. . Update: Apparently they added several charges to my card that weren't supposed to go through and now getting them to remove them is becoming a hassle. Also the "resort fee" was explained as being $25 per room. What it really is is $25 per room, per day plus 12% tax on top of that. So besides the normal room cost, there is an additional $112 tacked on to the bill. This was the first and last time I will stay at the Mandalay Bay.. . Update 2: A month later and the erroneous charges have still not been removed. I guess I need to get my bank involved now since Mandalay is running such a shoddy operation.
So overrated! :(. I wanted to like Mandalay Bay, I really did. But I was disappointed with my stay here. Everything from lengthy check-in by a complete space cadet to the dirty bar utensils in our room. The icing on the cake was when they interrupted us mid-vacation, asking if we can come down (stand in another line!) so we could pay the 3 days of resort fees because they 'forgot' to swipe it when we checked in. Ummm, what the hell was she doing with my card all that time?? :/  When we came down to pay it, the guy who helped us was neither apologetic or willing to extend even the smallest courtesy. This is NOT the level of service I expect at such a resort.. . I come to Vegas monthly, and I will never return to the Mandalay Bay.
Long lines to check-in, girl at front desk barely spoke english, $25 "resort fee" plus 12% tax was a joke, added an extra $100+ in resort fees for my 4 night stay. tables were $15 minimum on the weekends, $10 during the week, maybe those prices are normal for this hotel. Beds were hard and horrible, pillows even worse, smallest pillows ever, more like throw pillows. I guess they want you to have an uncomfortable rest so you go back downstairs and lose more money on the tighest machines. I'LL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN!
to check in takes about 45 mins, to get a elevator takes 20 mins, they close the pool at 6 and their are never any seats at the pool.There is no coffee pot with coffee in the room and if you call room service it takes a hour to get. The bathroom had dirty cu-tips on the floor when I checked in and hair in the bath tub by the drain. The buffett is very over pirced though the food is good. The reguar places to eat there you need a bag of money. There is also no security when you go to your room like other hotel in Vegas which ask you to show your key beofre you go into the elevator. There is also a room charge to use the pool and internet. It's just not a good experience. I would say stay away from this place. The JW Marriott in Summerlin is much better hotel.
Mandalay Bay WAS my favorite hotel in Vegas. So much so that I had my wedding reception here. . . The wedding reception was ultimately amazing and exactly how we wanted it, even despite how our space, which was booked from 3 PM on was somehow still being cleaned and prepared at 7:15 and no one wanted to take responsibility for it... but at the end of the day, it all worked out... . But I simply cannot promote a luxury hotel that allows theft to occur without investigation or reimbursement. We had our Swavorski crystal embellished cake cutter set that was engraved with our names and wedding date stolen by 1 of 3 members of their clean up crew. My husband and I were the only 2 people present when they came, and we had just scoured the place for the items we did not want cleaned and organized them with our other personal belongings. I had put the cutter set in its case far away from all other utensils and dishware. It was gone ten minutes later. There is no way these were taken to be cleaned by mistake. Mandalay Bay hires thieves who don't discriminate, not even a newlywed couple was spared.. . When I reported this to housekeeping, security, and my wedding coordinator, the only thing that was done was to ask the dish washing department to look out for them. We were not offered to be reimbursed for our loss, and when I pursued the idea with them due to sentimental value (we cut our wedding cake with them) it was ignored several times.. . It disturbs me to think of the wealthier people or celebrities who may also have stayed in the Media Suite and had less noticeable items of value stolen. For spending the amount of money we did for our reception and room, we should have been met with an offer of reimbursement and an apology. Sadly, our item can never truly be replaced... You only get one chance to cut the cake on your wedding.
Ya.  Canned corporate response.  Way to go Mandalay!  Way to address my statements with a non-statement.  I won't be back.  But thanks for the heartfelt and sincere apology.  It means a lot.  Corporate robot...
DO NOT RENT FROM AVIS AT MANDALAY. The front desk was rude and they make you clean THEIR CAR since they have no cleaning facility on site. We were told that their $35 to $75 "cleaning fee" was assessed on MOST OF THEIR CUSTOMERS upon return. I could not get ANY answer as to what constituted "too much" dirt. Evidently ANY dirt inside or out results in a fee. It's completely up to them to decide if you get the fee. This is ridiculous! It's just a scam to get more money on top of the extra they charge for the "Convenience" of renting at the hotel. Then to top it off, the car we got was dirty on the outside with FOOD spread around the inside. To avoid the "FEE" we cleaned the car. What a great SCAM- rent dirty cars then charge people if they don't clean them up!. . We had the rudest bartender at the Beach Grill. He actually insulted my Fiance because she tried to get his attention from the girls he was flirting with. A total a***ole.
What a horrible experience! Never ever will I stay at Mandalay Bay ever! My family and I spent after Xmas holiday at this hotel, when we got to our room. It smelled like vomit! So gross! We went back to the lobby and complained about it, they told us there was no other room available.. We got tired of pushing we need another room and getting the same answer and since we were very tired from a long drive, we were forced to sleep in a room that smells like VOMIT! Did not even offer to send a cleaning crew/housekeeper or whatever to spray the room, Not even an offer to upgrade the room or a buffet voucher, nothing! We paid over a $100 in a supposedly luxury hotel expecting a luxury service to sleep in a room smelling like VOMIT! What a Horrible experience. Oh by the way, we're going bck to vegas for a 7 day vacation, but not in Mandalay Bay! Never ever again.
Me and my fiance were going to do our wedding here but after so much pressure from our friends and family we changed our plans after we made our deposite. We contacted our wedding coordinator about transferring our deposite to our hotel stay at the Mandalay Bay. But we just got a very short reply saying no refunds. After that we couldn't get our coordinator to reply to any our emails. We are still shock at this. Our wedding plans were over 10 months away and they wouldn't even help us at all. We were still going to stay at the hotel for our honeymoon but now thats not going to happen. I hope everyone else has better luck then us with them.. I contacted guests@mandalaybay.com and I got a phone call from your Chapel but they were unwilling to help. I am still out my deposit. When I asked if they could transfer my deposit to my hotel stay they said NO. This is how you treat your guest. I guess I will be spending my honeymoon at a different Hotel and Casino. Beware to anyone else that thinks this place will help you out. They will just take your money and say so sorry so sad BYE.. Then Mandalay Bay said THEwedding chapel requires a $500.00 non-refundable and non-transferable deposit at the time of booking. This was stated in the contract.  If you have additional questions, please email social@mandalaybay.com. But I had no more question. I just want to inform everyone that even when your wedding plans are over 10 months away if you cancel then you will still not refund or transfer their deposit and Mandalay Bay will not care at all. To be clear all the deposit did was hold a date. No other plans were made. So it just like putting a deposit down for a room but no worries I dont need a deposit to help EVERYONE else out.
Came here for a two night stay.  We've been here several times before and enjoyed our stay except this time we noticed the rooms needing remodeling.    The bed was not comfortable.  Don't like the $25 resort fee.  That's ridiculous since their rates are already pricey.  With all the new hotels and choices, we're gonna research next time for something that we can say " it was a beautiful fun room and worth the price." Also our hotel bill had discrepancies and still haven't heard back from them about a credit.
Let me first start off by saying this hotels service is HORRIBLE!!!!!! I have never experienced nothing like it. I traveled to Las Vegas from San Diego for my 22nd Birthday. I had friends travel with me and some friends and family meeting us there. I spent 700$ for my room for the weekend and also booked a cabana for one of the 3 days I was visiting. my cabana totaled to be about 500$. With that being said we clearly planned on spending the day at the pool. I received a confirmation for my cabana via email for Sat March 16th charges have been made and I thought I was all set to go. I get to the cabana reservation around 12pm on Saturday and for some reason my name is not on the list. The people working at cabana reservations all had a blank look on their face as if they had no idea what happened and why my name was not on their list. They said they could not do anything for me and asked me to see concierge. I waited in line to speak to someone at concierge for about 30 mins, by this time its 2:30pm in the afternoon and my relaxing day at the cabana with my friends and family went completely downhill. No one could give me answers as to why my name is not on the list however its stated on my bank statement "Mandalay Bay Cabana" -500$. They researched it and eventually found out that some how my reservation was made for the previous Monday in which I was not in town and MY CONFIRMATION CLEARLY SAYS SATURDAY MARCH 16TH 2013!!!!!!!!!!!!! . . The only thing they were going to comp me was the cabana for Sunday and some food and beverage comp. This is not how we planned our trip on our 3 day stay in Vegas. I had everything organized so I did not want to cancel my plans on Sunday to go to the pool when those were my Saturday plans. . . Since then I have spoke to a few wise people who visit Vegas quite a bit and they told me that if I don't go to the pool first thing in the morning to "hold" my already paid for reservation, then they will give it to some "high roller" that just walks up and asks to purchase a cabana. why? because they probably bump the price up and sell it right on the spot!. . They also charge for every little thing! I called room service to bring up some extra glasses and a knife to cut some limes for cocktails and they charged me 1$ for each utensil. . . I was extremely pissed off at how my trip ended up going. I do not recommend  anyone to stay at the mandalay. Their service sucks and they don't give a shit about their guests. Yes I do agree with most reviewers that this hotel/casino is gorgeous but If you want A+ service for the amount of money you spend then do not come here.
Visited MB over the Memorial day weekend... . Not so great experience... they are so hungry for $$. They will try to milk you for every penny.  . The Wave pool is great but they were charging $75 for Umbrella and $100 for two beach chairs!! We requested for a Microwave, which I thought was complementary, but when we got the bill, they charged $35 per day!  They also charged for a bottle of Fiji water ($8) & cookie($10) which we never ate in the room!. Never again ugh..
Really poor service. The Fuji water at the bar in the room was expire since February . The jacuzzi had hair and had stains. I call the front desk and it took them more than 2 hours to go take a look, by that time I was so mad and had already taken a shower. The bed sheets were old and worn ,including the mattress pad. And the mattress had Stains and Look really old. . For sure I will never stay at this hotel and would not recommend anyone to stay here.
Oh my god. The valet actually lost our car and key. I'm sure this happens but they took such slow action to suggest a reimbursement for a taxi.  I know they handle a lot of cars but they just need to have some better organizational system.. . Suggestion if you valet take a picture of your plate or car and note the valet that handled it. . . It's been about an hour waiting for them to find it. Definitely not happy campers.
This is a review of the service for Ruffles Cafe.. . WORST SERVICE I've ever had in my entire life. I think it was like 20 minutes before we ever got our order taken and then another 20 for it to arrive. Then it arrived completely wrong. The whole thing was a mess!. . Just terrible all around. They are very lucky the food tastes good.
Very average. I stayed here around 10 years ago and had a wonderful experience.  Now the customer service is horrible, the costs are outrageous ( extra fee for everything), free wi-fi (I think not) and even while gambling its impossible to get a drink.   Oh and I almost forgot, we didn't get our room cleaned (or even the towels changed) one day and they had very little sympathy saying that they had a lot of check outs that they have to get cleaned that day for new check ins. (How that affects me I'm not sure)  Plus had a wonderful meal at the house of blues in the Mandalay but the absolute worst waitress in the world.  We told the hostess who apologized but that was all.  Would definitely try somewhere else next time.
Booked 3 nights and couldn't even check in. Line was 2 hrs long for an entire day. About 15 terminals available at lobby and only 4 employees checking people in. Utterly ridiculous Customer service. If you like to gamble go right ahead, you might win the jackpot and get to your room within 20 minutes upon arrival... If your key works.
I am a frequent here at both THE hotel and Mandalay Bay but this weekend changed that indefinitely for good. I would not think to come back here ever ever ever. Overall my stay here this past weekend was horrid because it was one bad situation toppled on top of another. Room was booked under casino in APRIL and we did a follow up a month before arrival and THE SAME DAY AT 6 P.M, but based on availability, our suite at THE hotel was unavailable. Maybe it would have been nice if they did a follow up. We called at 6 p.m informing them of our arrival but at 8 p.m, the hotel changed it by downgrading us. Mind you we had a large group and a dog (Mandalay Bay does not welcome pets) so we had to drop off our dog elsewhere. Veryunderstandable because that is noted on the terms and agreements. Secondly, after going back and forth with the front desk, they informed us that a room would be ready in an hour because it was not clean. Arrival to the hotel was almost at midnight. So my group and I resorted to canceling plans on a Friday because it was too late to go out. They gave me a petty $50.00 for food credit then bumped it up to $75.00. It was a complete waste of our Friday night so this bootleg comp money could not buy our happiness. We got in at 12 a.m, and got into our room at 2 .am It only gets better, our belongings had to be hauled from THE hotel to Mandalay Bay and our car was at THE hotel garage to top it off. . It the midst of all these issues we decided to move on, well that didn't happen.  We needed extra towels and that was an annoyance because it's so SIMPLE. Housekeeping completely forgot to bring the towels, fine it happens. I went down the hall to scavenge from them myself, then to find three different housekeepers that were unfriendly to say the least. I went to all three of them and they did not want to spare me three god damn towels. Is it that serious? I HAD TO CALL HOUSEKKEPING so the supervisor could walk me to where the towel storage room.. The hotel room was very clean ! Minor issues were a lot of the outlets not working at all. The a/c was not working sufficiently because it was extremely hot.. Valet didn't want to take my car and had to debate with the 118 degree heat on why they had to take my car in. That was insane because they wanted to send me to THE hotel parking lot, creepy and confusing cause that's where we got transferred from.  . Management called our room because they found out how horrific our situation was; mind you none of us complained what so ever. The manager was accommodating but again, trying to buy our love with the petty comps, she bumped it from $75.00 to $150.00. I felt as if they throw that in your face just to justify all the bad that went wrong, Nope doesn't work. . On Saturday, our room was NOT CLEANED, and no we did not have the do not disturb sign ETC. We didn't call to complain. All I did was kept my mouth shut because I was trying to enjoy an eventful weekend. I had to call for toilet paper and toiletries on different occasions. . What was supposed to be a three night stay turned into two night stay. We needed to vacate because we were very annoyed with this hotel as a whole. Coming back to this property is highly unlikely. What a weekend ruined. Never again !
Probably will never gamble at this casino again.  I just can't seem to win here and the service from the casino staff seems to lack.  The only good thing I can say is that my host is very accommodating after my big losses.  Other than that the restaurants have all changed and have gone downhill as well.
Bad customer service! My husband and I have stayed here numerous times and while we have always enjoyed our time here we won't be coming back anymore! I left something in my room and did not realize it until 8 hours later after we were already home. We called them up and were just giventhe run around to several different departments. Front desk passed us to security who passed us to key control who passed us to lost and found (which was closed) then back to front desk then housekeeping then back to security. Front desk told us the room had not been cleaned yet and housekeeping said the same thing and they all said to call back tomorrow when lost and found was open. Three different people said they would let the cleaning people know to look for it (we told them exactly where it would be located...right side bed table in the top drawer). The item we left had no value but was only my husbands security badge and IT token so its not as though someone would keep it and sell it. The next day when we called back, after getting ANOTHER run around we were told nothing was turned in and the room was occupied so there was nothing they could do but leave a message for the occupant and hope they look. I understand that my leaving my property was our fault but how about going the extra mile and sending someone to check when we called the first night and it was empty?? We spent one night there and spent well over $10,000. Over our last 2 visits to Mandalay we went from the initial sign up to Mlife all the way to platinum so we are not penny gamblers. You fail Mandalay...I guess we will take our business elsewhere which is a shame because we enjoy your hotel the most because its at the end of the strip so when we visit other casinos we don't have to back track but just make our way down the strip. (Also, we were disappointed to see our favorite 2 am eating place was no longer 24 hours. Raffles Cafe was delicious and Citizen Cafe was not. My salad was over-dressed and tasted old. My husbands Reuben was soggy and they forgot his Mac and cheese so when it finally came out we were done eating. Don't even get me started on the waiter who didn't check on us once for refills on our drinks and we had to ask for the check TWICE!)
Definitely not going back. Rude receptionist very unwelcoming attitude as if shes working for free and we came in there for free. Talked too fast and mumbled , like we're suppose to understand all she said as if she was talking to someone that works there. room service very poor .. no toothpaste , didn't refill soap and shampoo  considering there were 3 of us that checked in. maybe staff is were not familiar with good hygiene. My husband asked the receptionist where is the Michael Jacson theater and she just anwered inside the casino... very informative answer. Not recommending them at all considering they're considered 4 star hotel ..... i'm expecting them to have a better if not the best customer service training but ended  up being so disappointed . Ive been to the least expensive motels but i guess they have a better customer service and attitude !!!
Where do I begin.  How about the 90 minute line while I waited with 60-70 others to check in.  Only 3 people open at the front desk, which had stations for 15 employees.   Or the elevators - in the whole week, only 3 of the 8 elevators were in operation.  None were broken, the hotel is just cheap.  10-15 or more minutes to get an elevators most of the time.  Or the pool - which isn't actually a pool one could relax in - it was over 104 degrees every single day yet NO SHADE.  you could "rent" an umbrella - for $300 PER DAY.  I am not making this up.  The Cabanas were for rent also, $675-$995 PER DAY, depending on if it was the weekend.  But $300 per day for the shade umbrella???  Please!!!!!. . Absolutely no chairs or benches anywhere on the property, inside or out; no place whatsoever to just sit and relax and read or anything.  Enormous empty sprawling space insdie and out - with nothing.  Apparently they want to force you to stay in Casino or one of the several horrifically expensive restaurants.  . . No prices on ANYTHING.  This includes the couple of "gift shops" selling toiletries, soda, water, candy, cards, magazines, all the usual stuff.  Not a price on a single thing, not even a pack of gum.  You had to ASK price of every single thing.  Of course, when a $2.99 bottle of water costs $5.50, it's  small wonder.. . Which brings us to the Mini Bar.  It was MAGNETIZED, so that if you even moved something aside, you'd be charged.  So could not use the refrigerator at all.  . . Location is AWFUL as well. It's not only at the end of the "strip" - the next place is more than a mile away.  You are stuck in the middle of nowhere with absolutely nothing to do, no place to sit, unless you pay the $300 daily fee for the pool since  shade is pretty important when it's 105+ degrees.. . Signage is unbelivably bad.  Almost impossible to find your way around.. . No information offered on things like the light rail/monorail which we could have taken into 'town' had we known about it.  . . I could go on.  And on and on.  You have been warned.  STAY AWAY FROM MANDALAY BAY
The check in line was crazy long. They had everyone working up at the desk, but the wait was ridiculous. If they would not waste time trying to sell upgrades to every guest checking in, the process would be much faster.  Not the newest rooms, but you are also not paying Venetian prices.
This review is a result of an experience with the gentlemen Enrique at the security stand next to the cashier's cage. My girlfriend lost her debit card at Daylight Beach Club on Labor Day so I contacted lost and found to see if they have it. Sure enough they had it and the lady I spoke with on the phone said I could pick it up at the security stand. . . When I approached the security stand and mentioned "girlfriend's debit card," Enrique immediately cut me off saying, "Listen here buddy, even if you were her spouse we're not going to give it to you. This is a matter of money, she can come down here herself and get it." I asked what time would she be able to get it, trying to fight back coughs at the same time ( I had a frog in my throat), and Enrique snapped a, "What did you say to me?" as if I was back talking him under my breath. . . The whole time I was interacting with Enrique it felt like he was talking down on me. He was not empathetic at all towards my cause. His general attitude was, "You're an idiot for thinking you can come down here and pick up someone else's card, despite what the lady on the phone said." As if I was an extreme inconvenience to him for approaching his security stand.. . Working in the hotel business myself, I'm extremely disappointed someone like Enrique is allowed to work on a Las Vegas strip property. That attitude does not belong in the hospitality business.
If you like DIRTY UNDERWEAR laying around your room and someone else's hair all over the bathroom, this is the hotel for you!!!. . Currently staying at Mandalay Bay for a conference, have stayed at The Hotel for a previous conference and have had nothing but the best experience....Mandalay Bay on the other hand..... We got into our room only to discover candy on the floor and hair all over the bathroom floor and toilet!!  . And that's not even the upsetting part....saw something black near our curtains and it was someone's dirty underwear!  Disgusting!!!. We called the front desk and they were more than happy to move us, but that's about it..... Gross!
Keeps getting worse!!!. . Requested a late check out and they failed to mention the original key will only be active til 1, can't express enough how awful the customer service is.  The last thing I want to discover after a long day on a conference floor is an inactive key.. . Save yourself the trouble and stay somewhere else.  Honestly think the Super 8 would've been better...
This rating is for their bell service only.. .  This hotel has been my favorite for the past 6 years. I felt the quality of the rooms, pools and casino made it the best semi-affordable hotel in Vegas. My first trip to Vegas with my fiancee was at this hotel. We always enjoyed the tropical smell when you first enter the lobby. The high ceilings in the casino always made the air seem less smokey than others.. .  We decided to get married at their chapel since we had such a great first experience here together.. .  We arrived and the bellman unloaded our luggage. The wedding dress and veil were atop the suitcases. He hung the dress and veil on the luggage cart. My fiancee practically jumped out of her skin as he dropped the cases on the long wedding dress and veil pushing them aside. I grabbed the dress offering to carry them myself. He reassured me he would be careful.. .  We checked in and were upgraded to a nice roomy suite. The bellman arrived and with 2 hands squeezed and lifted the 3 garment bags and the veil which was in a dry cleaning bag labeled with the name of the dressmaker " ___'s Bridal "on a hanger. My fiancee practically fainted after seeing this. As I am telling him that was a wedding veil and please be gentle, he shifts his hands and drops the 3 garment bags. The hanger from the garment bag rips a hole in the outer plastic of the veil. My fiancee is now in tears. She checked the veil as best she could through her tears and didn't see any damage.. .  On our wedding day my bride is in the Mandalay Bay Silver Chapel dressing room having her veil placed on her head when her maid of honor and mom start to cry. There was a series of holes right in the front of her face! They had already used most of the 40 minutes before the ceremony to get dressed. Luckily they calmed down enough to come up with a plan. With minutes to go, they put the veil on backwards..  .  I was wondering why she had a look of terror in her eyes as she entered the chapel. As soon as she saw me, our eyes met and everything seemed to be alright. We had a beautiful ceremony and reception.. .  Bell service minus 5 stars. Our favorite hotel plus one star. Memo to bell staff, please be careful with wedding dresses, they mean everything to the bride.. . tl;dr Torn wedding veil, tears, MacGyver fix, married. Carry your wedding dress to the room yourself or risk disaster.. . Follow up: Tosha, after reporting this incident we were told to file a property damage report with security. After filing a report at the security desk in the casino we waited 3 hours in our room for security to take photos of the veil. We were given a $200 credit. After leaving our number, we were told that we will receive a call from a manager. It's been four days since our stay. Although you may be pleased with your own effort, we aren't.
Upon checking at THEhotel we were aggressively sold an "upgrade" to a 2 bedroom suite at the Mandalay with the promise that the room would be "high up" in the hotel. The room turned out to be on the 6th floor, right over a roof full of air conditioners, almost directly above the tram stop, and just a couple of dozen feet from the busy ramp to the lobby. When we complained the hotel staff stated that there was nothing they could do because the hotel was full. The end.. . The suite it self was generally VERY dingy, dusty and shabby. The furniture was severely nicked, scratched, and gouged, some with the veneer splitting from age. There were big chunks of wood trim around the bathroom sink broken away, exposing the particle board underneath, and the trim was splitting from age and water damage. The trim around the bedroom door was falling off, not just loose, falling off, and a bedroom door handle came off in the hand of one of our party. Curtains were ripped, lamp shades were broken, there were dirty circles around door handles, and a big greasy circle around the peephole. We were somewhat encouraged that our windows still provided a partial view of the strip, but the windows were filthy.. . Our hypothesis is that this was a room that could never be sold for full price, so they "upgrade" guests and still have a very desirable room to sell to somebody else. It sounds like it should be illegal to me. After being rebuffed in a couple of attempts to complain one of our party suggested that we might get a comp if we keep complaining. My response was "with what, another stay at the Mandalay?" Big laugh, point taken. My position on the Mandalay at this point is: Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me. It was a terrible experience, but at least I have the comfort of knowing that I can prevent it from ever happening again by not going back.
I am sad to say that i have to give Mandalay Bay a 1 star. This also extends to the "up scale" THE Hotel area. My friend and I treat ourselves to an up scale Hotel Vegas trip every year. This year we picked THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay. the problems began the second we stepped out of the car at the valet. The valet was kind and kept trying to get someone to come get our bags. I had to stay with the car while my friend went to check on. Finally i was able to join her and arrived at the front desk in time to hear the receptionist say that they had nothing available at this time which was around 12:15. We booked the room weeks earlier and had requested an early check in which is suppose to be at 10AM, so imagine our shock when the only solution given was to check into a penthouse at the regular Mandalay Bay hotel for an extra $100 a night. As tempting as that offer was we  wanted to stay at THE Hotel. So magically there was a room available and we went up to the room to find a view of the ever beautiful parking lot. Now when we booked the room we made it clear that we wanted a Strip view because coming from the desert we don't want to stare at more desert. Upon booking we were assured that we would have a strip view. . After my friend called back down to see about getting the room ORIGINALLY booked, she was informed that is was not possible not only now, but at all today or this weekend. My friend asked to speak to someone regarding changing our reservations to another hotel, soon after we were moved over to the strip side. . Now once in our new room my friend called to ask the original receptionist she spoke with why she had stated that there was no way of changing rooms. However she was placed on hold to wait for her. Now when the receptionist got on the phone she immediately started speaking Spanish. now my friend has a Latin based last name but does not speak Spanish. Needless to say we were shocked by this behavior and assumption. I am happy that there are bilingual employees there to offer proper communication for guest, however, assuming someone speaks a language based simply on a last name is very inappropriate and unprofessional. After speaking to a supervisor about the entire experience , Chad offered a food and beverage credit. This was kind, but not the point. . The next day we decided to go the the Bathhouse spa for a few hours. The ladies at the front desk were kind and polite. the problem we that the water at the spa began eating away at my brand new  swimsuit. I rinsed it off and continued my experience nude. Their towels were not big enough to accommodate my chest size, but i wanted to relax so i went about my private bath. Upon finishing my bath i went into the women"s locker room to shower. I saw a machine that instructs you to place your swimsuit in to prevent chlorine damage. Now this is suppose to ring out excess water, so i re-rinsed my still melting swimsuit and place it in the machine cup side down. I pressed down and the machine began shaking uncontrollably. So i release it and remove my swimsuit as instructed only to find it tore beyond repair. I* was so shocked i couldn't speak. My friend asked to speak to a manager and A woman came in asking if there was a problem.  Now i informed her that the spa began melting my swimsuit just minutes after entering the water and she stated, " I wouldn't know about that. I don't swim here." WHAT?!?!?  When i told her that there should be a warning about under-wired tops or something because this is crazy, the only thing she said was that i could talk to security.  She was already walking away when she explained i could file a lost or damaged item report. She never apologized. I never asked for compensation. I was just wanting to let her know what was happening at her spa and i was was treated with nothing but a "whatever" attitude. She never even introduced herself. We had to ask her name.. I ended up filing the report with a very kind security officer and low-balled the price of my suit because this wasn't about the money. This was about customer service. even the day we left we had the valet bring the car around and instead of helping me with my 3 large bags he stood by the trunk. i couldn't believe it when he actually tried to reach inside my trunk after i had already placed the bags in there. I guess he thought he was going to help... after not helping. . . the bad luck continued when i found out i had left my seizure medication there... Just shoot me. I got passed around to 5 different people until security went to the room and found my medication. Now i arranged for fedex to overnight my medication at my expense (i left it so no problem) and an email confirmation was suppose to be sent. Never received it, called to check the status and it was picked up and an email was suppose to be resent...Still waiting for that email. the customer service was deplorable. It seems like THE Hotel doesn't need to make a good first impression. Save your money.
spent $250 to see the clippers - nuggets game at Mandalay last night. for the $250 i got the privilege of being unnecessarily hassled by arrogant and untrained Event Center and Mandalay security personnel, and then physically threatened by a drunken patron while talking to Mandalay security. The fat, lazy security guard totally refused to do anything about the guy that made the threat. Even though some of my favorite restaurants are in Mandalay Bay, I'll never spend another dime in that facility, and implore all of you to do the same.
My boyfriend booked a room at Mandalay Bay for my birthday trip to Vegas. We specifically picked Mandalay Bay because we had such a great time when we stayed  there 3 years ago. We couldn't wait to go back for this occasion!. . When we arrived to check in, we learned for the first time that Mandalay Bay- without telling us- had decided to cancel our reservation (made quite a few months earlier through Priceline) and gave our room to an IBM Convention. . . No effort was made to contact us ahead of time about this. We were given the weak excuse that they didn't have our contact information because we booked WHOLESALE. This was emphasized because I guess that makes it ok? We booked our flight through Priceline as well, and Alaska Airlines was able to contact us ahead of time to tell us that our flight info had changed. So somehow Alaska got our contact info through Priceline but Mandalay Bay did not. ok.... . The lady at the desk had a long whispered conversation with her supervisor and came back to say that we were being moved to an upgraded room at The Signature, and gave us a $150 food and beverage credit which was nice.. . What was NOT nice was they didn't even offer to take us to The Signature. We weary travelers were left to fend for ourselves. The supervisor never so much as glanced at us while we were asking the poor front desk clerk why and how this happened. Isn't the supervisor's job to quell situations like this? . . The Signature has been lovely, but again- we chose Mandalay Bay specifically for my birthday trip. Not The Signature, which is about a 10 minute walk from the casino. Also now we are tipping $5 a pop for valet parking because we decided to rent a car after all of this nonsense. . . Anyways, anyone looking to make reservations at Mandalay Bay beware because they apparently make it a practice to cancel your reservation and toss you into a tower far away from any casino without telling you. Especially us losers who book through a third party. Just a ridiculous experience.. . They did make a minimal effort to right things, but again nobody bothered to contact us ahead of time so maybe we could have planned for the change. Maybe they think it is more fun to surprise their guests with this kind of news! And their supervisors couldn't care less if you like it or not. Who doesn't love having their reservation cancelled without notice by a hotel you were specifically staying at for your birthday?. . Well at least we're getting some exercise walking a mile every time we want to go to the casino.
With over a thousand rooms I guess what can you expect, their motto is get em in and get em out".  I had a wine and snack gift basket sent to the hotel for my brother.  It got their the morning of the day he arrived.  I called and after being passed to many people I was finally able to ask someone to please see that the basket got to his room along with 2 wine glasses and a wine bottle opener.  That was a HUGE request for them.  No can do.  That night they brought to his room 2 wine glasses and the wine opener but no basket.  It took several calls the next day to finally get them to get the basket to someplace near the front desk so my brother could go and pick it up himself.  Not good!  Really bad customer service.  I don't care how great the hotel may be otherwise, they sure do fall down on anything even a bit out of the ordinary.  Lots of places to stay in Las Vegas, I'd choose another hotel if it were me.
This place honestly does not even deserve 1 star. I stayed at the hotel last Saturday and was completely dissatisfied and grossed out. The rate for the hotel was particularly high on the day I went, but from my good previous experiences at the hotel it was not a problem. I checked into my room and the first thing I noticed was the dirty carpet, the carpet was all black and stained and looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a while. When I walked in the restroom, the bathtub was yellow and had multiple stains and what seemed to be cigarette ashes. When I went to the bed, the bed skirts were all black and stained, and when I flipped the pillow over, they were all stained and black. It seemed like the housekeeping just used the same pillow and flipped it over. I ended up calling the guest services to request for a room change, but surprisingly all the rooms in this huge hotel were booked. The housekeeping lady who cleaned supposedly cleaned our room came to talk to us, and all she said was, the hotel is old and there is not enough bed skirts and supplies today, so the room is not as clean, what kind of an excuse is this. I was going to stay a second night, but I quickly switched hotels the next day. This hotel use to be my favorite one, but it definitely is not the same anymore.
Sexually harassing valet staff!!   My night and Mandalay was fine and very upscale until I turned my valet ticket into the valet office and had the guy behind the counter ASK ME IF I WAS A HOOKER? !!! And proceeded to ASK WHAT I AS A WOMAN WAS DOING OUT SO LATE THEN ?!!!  . . I am not a hooker. I was wearing my black slacks and flat shoes from my bar tending job at another casino.  2 am is not late when you work till midnight! . . The most unprofessional sexist creepy experience I've ever had in Vegas - congrats Mandalay!  Where do you find such horrible people to represent you!. . Emailed Tosha (see below) and Discussed with management.  We will see.
I was excited to come and see the #ACAs and was told at the beginning of the show that photos could be taken as long as the flash wasn't used. About 10 minutes into the show, a security guard grabs my shoulder to the point that it's extremely sore, and tells me that photography is not welcomed, and he would remove me from the concert if I didn't stop. Don't tell me Ican do something if I can't, and certainly don't be so rude and hurtful when telling me. Don't waste your money here. There are other casinos much friendlier. I won't be back, and I'll be sure to let as many as possible know.
I have stayed Mandalay  Bay numerous times . This review was for Feb 2012.We loved "Mandalay Beach and all the restaurants such as 'Aureole and Rm Seafood". My husband and I decided to stay here for short vacation and little escape from our everyday normal life. I was very excited to get such great rate we booked "spa suite". I  understand why it was so cheap because the service and accommodations have gone down extremely over the years. First of all when we walked into our room we were very pleased of the room size but the view not so much . The view was air conditioning vents and the parking lot. We called the front desk and they said we would have to pay upgrade and move the next day. So we decided to suck it up and stay. I decided to check out the bathroom and it smelled like urine but the spa tub was nice. Just overall this experience at Mandalay bay was horrible.
I recently stayed here for a company event and they have definitely taken their eye off the ball.  For example. My room wasn't cleaned for 3 of the 5 days that I was there.
I used to love this place but not anymore. When it comes to their customer service... They suck big time.. Including their security for the casino. Coming out from their new club... They called their head of security to come and talk to us and he was nothing but rude. My brother in law was upset because someone in the club spit on his wife. The short, bald security manager just yelled at him and got in his face. They told us to leave and didn't even say anything about the other people in the club. Great job btw. Those same people who spit on my sister-in-law ended up stealing my friends purse. Again, great job. Before any of this happened, we were at the jay z show. Before it even started, we had to wait for 45 minutes because they couldn't read our seat numbers on our tickets. The usher made it seem like we snuck in even though they had to scan our tickets to get passed the security guards. When the manager came back after 45 minutes of doing nothing... She just said, 'ok, you're ready to go.' Didn't explain anything to us and walked away.  Again, great job. -_-
Resort was closed for winter still had to pay for it. Also there is tax on the resort fee.
We traveled to Las Vegas 10 times in 2012 and 3 times in 2013. The best hotels were Trump International a (5 Plus Stars) , Aria (5 Plus Stars), The M (5 Plus Stars), and Vdara a (5 Star as well). We don't go to gamble, so we like the smoke free resort feel, of the newer hotels. Last week we stayed at The Hotel and we were less than impressed. As a matter of fact the last time we stayed at Mandalay Bay we were not happy either. There was a convention in town and the wait at the elevators to get back to our room was 20 minutes each time, never book there during a convention. I had originally booked Mandalay Bay this trip as well because of the price, but we received a upgrade for $25.00 per night for a mini suite at The Hotel, so we went with the upgrade. The Hotel staff and Mandalay Bay staff are not very friendly or knowledgeable. The mini suite was extremely small, the hotel is dark, and sounds like you are in a wind tunnel. They authorize the full amount on your credit card regardless of how much you spend in incidentals, in our case for two nights we were charged $200.00 and spent only $6.99 in incidentals. Now we are waiting for a refund of $193.01 that should show up in a "few days". If they charge each guest $100.00 a night extra and then take a week to refund your money, Im curious as to how much interest they earn each year by doing this. I just got off the phone with a front desk manager at Mandalay Bay asking for a explanation and she said its a Nevada Law. I explained to her that no other hotels did this and she flippantly said she wasn't  going to call all the other hotels and ask their policy. But I stated that she just told me this was a Nevada Law. Then she said she way trying to help me, and if I didn't want to be helped she was going to terminate my call. Skip Mandalay Bay and The Hotel. Oh and the elevators in The Hotel fit (5 people) so even if all else was acceptable, being crammed into those tiny elevators was a joke. I will never book there again no matter what the price, wouldn't stay again if it were free.
