Pointless for a person without money to go in there. If you are an economically disadvantaged person, then  this here is a vacant lot in Las Vegas. Rich people or fools who pose as them go in there. No strollers by Aileen explains a lot. The expensive buffet says a lot too.
This review is for my fellow moms and dads! Some of us are not a-holes like Mr. Wynn and have our children carried by nannies everywhere. We were roaming around Vegas with our 3 month old and decided to hit up the Wynn buffet. As soon as we get in, a man stops us and tells us that "Mr. Wynn does not allow strollers because it is a safety hazard". Right.... and if everyone pushed around a Gucci stroller would it still be as dangerous? That's some BS baby discrimination, so we left! I think those with families should not support this place. You're an a-hole "Mr. Wynn"!!
Been playing and staying in Vegas for over 30 years now. Have not stayed at wynn but had a very negative experience in the casino. After losing some 500 bucks or so I sat down at the bar to play some video poker and enjoy a drink before leaving. The bartender brings me the drink and asks me for $15.  I said "I'm playing this machine ". He said it didn't matter and that their casino doesn't operate like all the others. I said "really, is this anew rule because I was playing this same machine a few hours ago and the bartender was bringing me drinks like crazy". Got up and left after suggesting that he use the Bacardi and coke as a colonic solution.  Will never step foot in Wynn or encore again.
Living proof that casinos own public officials - a 3 day banquet for 3,000 guests from all over the world, and the food is an 'open trough.' It was disgusting, to say the least. Shame on the executives at the Wynn for not providing a healthy atmosphere to dine. At the buffets, there are sneeze guards, enforced by the health department. But not required at banquets, so not provided. The executives at the Wynn have the experience to know better. . . Seeing people laugh, cough, sneeze, and simply talk over open containers of food was primitive. Shame on the Wynn. Only classy on the surface.
Extremely pricey, rude security guards, super snotty casino dealers and staff.  Beautiful decor and nice rooms, but for sure not worth the price nor the stick in your butt attitude.
Ya, I thought Wynn doesn't allow people to push baby stroller into "the buffet".. I was wrong......We couldn't even step into "the Wynn" with a stroller. The guy told us unless we live in there. That is totally a BS rule. I was controlling my temper and kept on telling myself there must be a reason ppl like Wynn....such as their buffet is so wonderful...and......I was wrong "AGAIN". Their buffet food was nasty. the crab had smell. the lobster was not fresh, the meat was soft and disgusting. I'll never go back to that BS hotel.
Horrible!!!. . My keys won't work at 3 in the morning, we had to wait for security who were no where to be found for 30 minutes.   Front door told me to "Jimmy" with the door.  That actually worked....    No 5 star hotel doors should be "Jimmied",  period. . . Towels took 30 minutes as well!!!!  . . Palazzoo and THEhotel are both head and shoulders above the Wynn.
$4000 worth of electronics and clothing were stolen from my room.  Hotel management (assistant manager Bryan Dillehay was my contact) and security was extremely unhelpful and incompetent, and denied my claim.. . The icing on the cake:  Being charged $3 for a TOLL FREE call from my room, because my cell phone was stolen.
You're kidding, right?  You can't control the music in the nightclub and even though we are on the 24th floor and can feel our bed bouncing to the rhythm of the bass that's not your problem?. . Multiple employees told me you have to deal with this constantly and management won't pay attention to the complaints. I have a suggestion to get it fixed....how about Mr. Wynn and his wife stay a night in one of your "non-quiet rooms" ( your term, not Mine) on a night when the club is going. I'll give you 2:1 the problem gets resolved the next day. . . What a joke....never again.
Everything designed for you... okay, perhaps.. Common areas = 5 stars.. Shops = 5 stars.. . Ask for a room with requirements (away from elevator, away from ice machine), and I had to wait 3 hours to get the keys; they said they would call me in an hour or so, I called three times every hour. Yes, and this was well past the checkout time.. . Also, what's the deal with the TVs? You have to share ONETV between the couch and the bed, ok you can turn it, but really???. . When I was there, I got to compare with the Palazzo. I got a much bigger room at the Palazzo, a separate living room, a gigantic couch, 2 TVs that I didn't have to handle and turn. It wasn't white leather, but it was quite nice too. And I got my keys as soon as I got there! Oh and shower have extra pressure jets over at the Palazzo, whereas there is one in the room I got.. . Checkin Service = 1 star.. customer experience matters; a lot.
I had a really terrible experience here back in March of 2011, and I wantedto give myself sufficient time to cool off before writing about it.  I think 4 months should be enough.. . During that trip, my friends and I decided to go to XS, a club in the casino.  While waiting in line, some drunken idiot behind me started a fight with me.  After fists (and a headbutt) were thrown, security moved in promptly and hauled us to their offices.  According to the supervisor, after speaking with everyone involved, he'd made a decision permanently to ban both individuals in the fight from the Wynn and Encore.. . This seemed strange, since I'm sure a review of the security tape would corroborate my story that I didn't even speak to the drunk guy before he started behaving like a moron.  Clearly he was just some loser who'd decided he was going to start some sh!t with the nearest person, who happened to be me.  However, I wasn't about to grovel since  there were plenty of casinos in Vegas happy to take my money.. . I was escorted out by a few of the security guards who'd helped to clean up the mess, and one of them told me that he'd have done the same thing I did.  He also suggested I should call back and try to explain the situation to a different supervisor to be allowed back in.  While I appreciated the thought, I'd already concluded that since the Wynn had no interest in keeping me as a customer, I had no interest in going back there either.. . Anyway, I'm sure this review contains details probably irrelevant for most customers of the Wynn, so I'll stop here.  If you visit, stay out of trouble kids!
They will pump your ears with the crappiest music in all common areas including the pool at all corners. A true lack of class.
Had a fabulous, spectacular time with close friends, new friends...great venue over all however the worst decision i've made that night(besides planking in odd public places).arriving at xs night club for a social gathering of some sort... Long story short I valeted my whip (motor vehicle) at the Wynn for xs night club, ended up cabbing it to my hotel (cosmo)room and i figured i pick up my car that same morning...these A-holes put a door ding on my car, what really made me furious was that I know the knuckle head jumped a curb an found a nick on my rim and my strut is screwed(fqqd)!!!dissapointment! I think the guy was maybe trying to ghost ride the wip! Seriously trip back home was delayed and staying a extra night. I guess all we can do is enjoy the situation and make the best of it... Horrible valet experience!
This review is based solely on hotel stay.. . Dear Wynn, . . You suck. . . I'm not gonna lie, I wanted to stay here since it opened (always loved the design of this casino) but the Trump had always been more inviting plus it's a little ways off the strip. I cannot believe I spent ANY money at the Wynn instead of Trump.. .  It's done; never again will the Wynn get a penny of my business...... . Your staff:  ignorant, stupid (sorry to be so harsh but really, the people I dealt with? Girl, please!) Unhelpful, disrespectful, you get the point.. . Check-in at 4pm when I request an 11am check-in (which I understand you refused to accommodate)? Yeah, um........NO.  4pm though, Really? EVERYONE can agree this* is just ridiculous..  . Requested a medical fridge? Yeah, uhhh..... NO again. Thanks for trying to add that to the bill at check-out. Seriously, how pathetic.. . Charge for getting another room card? Again, I must stress.....NO!. . This was by far the weirdest most illogical, unprofessional, inappropriate hotel reservation/stay I've ever encountered. I usually stay in Vegas a min of twice a year. I have suggested to everyone I know to take their money and class elsewhere. It's wasted on a dump like the Wynn.. . Also, don't do what I foolishly did; don't think for one second these rooms are anything above Circus Circus Standard. The luxury stops at the casino floor and it Stays there.. . ZERO STARS FOR WYNN - TAKE YOUR CLASS TO TRUMP!
This happened on the morning of September 25th, 2011 around 2am. If you want to be handcuffed, thrown against the wall and the floor behind closed doors and then thrown on the street...then this is the place for you. The gangster Vegas is still alive my friends, it hasn't changed, well at least at the Wynn...maybe they were going for that throwback feel. Here's my story: I contact a promoter by the name of Luis Deleon, super nice guy by the way, he gets my friend and I a table right next to the DJ booth (table 708 or 780) in Tryst at the Wynn. Things are going great we got in right away. Before going in I stop for a second to say hi to the doorman, Ryan, I met him the other day when I went to the sane club 2 nights previous, he was also a nice guy but that's where the niceness stops. So I'm at my table now, I spend 600 dollars on a bottle of vodka and my friend I are having a good time..DJ spider is up on stage doing his thing, working the crowd and mixing an amazing run of tracks!! My friend and I invite this couple up ( Andrew and Jessica) to help us drink all this vodka, we start talking cars and nightlife in Vegas just normal stuff and then we realize...there's no more vodka!!! Let's buy a bottle of Rum, so I drop another 600 dollars on that. The bottle comes and we start drinking and dancing some more. I'm now successfully drunk and getting tired..but the nice thing is that I have a table..my own little area so I sit down and fall asleep, now usually sleeping in a club is a no no, but I have a table and my own area, I should be able to close my eyes for a second, I mean by this time it's only 1:30 in the morning and the club stays open till 5. I still have a good three hours to party. So, I'm awoken by 2 security guards that tell me I have to leave, I say, "no, I paid a lot of money to sit here and plus I just but this basically full bottle of Rum". They picked me up forcefully and started pushing me out, I'm resisting a bit but what they did next was way out of line! They handcuffed me, took me to some long hallway where there was no one, pushed me on the ground and against the wall and basically manhandled me, I said, "you guys want to beat me up while I'm handcuffed? Take them off and let's do this! Let's make this a fair fight, so first I'm gonna beat you up (I point at one of the 3 security guards there..the one that was the most forceful and aggressive with me) then you, and you over there..I guess you'll end up in the ICU!" now on retrospect I know I shouldn't of said that but I was drunk and just got beat up by three guys in an unfair fight. The first guy I pointed at said, "how about I put you on the VIP list at Drais and I'll meet you there when I get off"..."Sounds good to me!!" he took out his phone and put me on there and said.."see you there" they then took me to some door, to off the handcuffs and pushed me out on to the sidewalk. So to sum up things, they basically kicked me out of the club but decided to beat me up first. Thanks tryst! In the morning I woke up with bumps all over my head from where it hit the wall and ground, a black eye, a big bruise on my face, and handcuff bruises because they were on so tight. Basically I wouldn't recommend this place
Do not even stay here. The worst treatment I have ever received. Unbelievable! The spa is terrible as is everything else. Honestly, the Wynn came highly recommended and it was the worst experience in a hotel ever. 10% of the people were nice and the other 90% were absolutely horrible and disgraceful. It does not even deserve 1 star.
My expereince started off with my business account receiving 11,000 emails in a 5 day span due to my auto generated response triggering their system to respond back. I literally had to close my online business for 5 days!!!! I lost out on almost a weeks worth of pay and all they did was give me a $100 food comp. I left all that behind to check into out room and was VERY excited to be celebrating my friends graduation. I had a bottle of champaign and strawberries to be delivered to the room upon check in, and was VERY specific to the concierge to ONLY contact me because it was a supprise. Well the first thing said to her upon check in was "there is something in the room waiting for you". I still didnt say anything because she figured it was from the assistant (to whom I will be descreet for her sake) of the man who booked us our room. So we arrived to our room and it was empty. So still no biggie I gave it a hour and snuck out for ice to find a house phone in which I was told that I would have to call back because they couldnt find my order. I firmly said I would not call back nor did I want anyone calling me because it was a suprise, and that I would just kill more time in the room untill it arived. The doorbell rang and it was a gift bag with the champaign (not chilled) and no strawberries or card. I sent it away and asked that it come back correct, and once again stalled. At this point were at 2 hours in our room. Then the phone rings and my friend answers. It is the conceirge asking her about the strawberries..... SUPRISE RUINED!!!!! I specifically stated MANY times ITS A SUPRISE!!! So the doorbell once again rings and its the strawberries with no chanpaign..... now im crying the suprise is ruined, and the Wynn did less than nothing to make all of this right. I also came home to another 3465 emails from them. It has been a week and still no call from the Director of customer service that I was promised. We checked into the Cosmo the very next night and were treated like royalty, and from now on thats where all of my friends and family will stay..... 4 1/2 stars ya right!!!
I stayed at the Wynn in April, and was upgraded from a Tower Room to an Executive Suite courtesy of AMEX Platinum--very nice!  However, my sister ordered a bouquet of flowers through the Wynn Concierge, and I received a bouquet of wilted flowers--not very nice.  When I stopped by the concierge to express my disappointment with the quality of flowers, the concierge responded that my sister must have brought the flowers to the room herself--neat trick since she was sitting in NYC.  Finally, the concierge agreed to have someone check on it.  When I returned to the room at the end of the day, there was a new floral arrangement, and the wilted flowers remained.. . The following week I received an on-line survey from the Wynn, and I expressed my disappointment about the flowers and the rude treatment by the concierge.  I received an apology via email in addition to a promise of a one level upgrade on my next visit to the Wynn.. . Yesterday, my AMEX Platinum travel agent tried to book a return stay at the Wynn trying to use my email promise by the Wynn of an upgrade.  At first the Wynn denied any knowledge of this email.  Finally (after 15 minutes--my travel agent called me back), all the Wynn would do is upgrade me from their cheapest room to their second cheapest room (not the Tower Room to be upgraded to the Executive Suite as I had wanted).  I told my travel agent to tell the Wynn that I was again very disappointed by their service, and that I'll be making a reservation to stay at the Bellagio when I return to Las Vegas.
It's not the hotel, it's just that this is the last time I was with the G/F and after we came back it was over. So my taste buds for the Wynn are poisoned. I hate everything about the WYNN. Sorry Steve but I'll be staying at the Standard or The Hotel next week.
The staff was very rude and impolite in the casino. My gf and I were sitting on a chair and they just came and impolitely requested that we leave the chair because they were going to get some money out of one of the machines. I complained to the manager and then to the casino manager. They said they were sorry but you could tell they couldnt care less. . I would never go back again. Out of all the casino's I saw in Vegas, this was the only one that was disappointing to me. . Very rude staff.
We recently stayed at the Wynn hotel and experienced theft. We inadvertently left our iPad in the nightstand drawer when we checked out and, upon arriving at the airport a short time later, called lost and found who indicated housekeeping had not checked it in yet. Our friends still at the hotel also attempted to retrieve it, but were told they too had to wait for housekeeping. Awaiting a return call, I also left a msg when we arrived home that evening, knowing time was of the essence. I followed up the next morning, as no one returned my call, and was told that nothing has been turned in. I was directed to Guest Claims to file a claim, which I did, and also a police report, yet they confirmed no one had checked into our room yet. Even though a "thorough" investigation was to take place, I received a call the next day saying that they would be happy to provide an insurance letter because they simply could not "accuse" anyone of impropriety and nothing was found, however the fact is that it didn't disappear into thin air. Each time I have called, they either had my name or check out date incorrect, which leads us to believe that they never had any intention of restoring our item to us.. Honestly, I would have never expected this from the Wynn. While the facility was lovely, this behavior is unacceptable. I even left a message for Christopher Fox, the assistant manager 6 days ago to review the matter, but never received a call back. This lack of concern and frankly, dishonesty, is appalling. Judging from several other recent reviews, the theft is becoming an epidemic.. It's a shame that a supposed luxury resort would conduct itself this way, just awful. We went to great lengths to go on this trip with friends after a family tragedy and this only made it worse. Shame on you, Wynn.
Had a mix up on the date of arrival and I payed for a night I wasn't there.  So in the line at reception " youll have to talk to someone else. I wasn't there to spend my time arguing about the date on my papers back home "GUEST LOSES FIRST ROUND" . That night Im woken to the sound of banging and music 3 am .  wait 20 minutes call front desk " we'll send security to look but its probably the night club, they close in an hour though" BUT I"M ON THE 38 floor!!!  So "GUEST LOSES ROUND TWO" I waited till I had some time then asked to talk to the manager.  "sorry theres no manager on duty "  What MOTEL 6 kinda Answer is that?"GUEST LOSES ROUND THREE"  no manager calls me back . another desk person answers the request to speak to the manager. "guest loses round Four..."   and on it goes will I get anything for my 1,220 stay ? who knows The Bellagio has a bunch of loyal followers .  NO puke in the elevator for the eitire stay that I remember either.  BEWARE Not the classy joint its advertised to be in my experience!
My girlfriends and I stayed at the Wynn the weekend of March 30th, 2012 and left HORRIFIED after what happened on our last day there. The last morning of our trip, we ordered breakfast up to our room, which included a hot bowl of oatmeal. One of the girls put a spoonful of oatmeal into her mouth and spit it right out only to find a SHARP PIECE OF METAL in her oatmeal... Not aluminum foil but HARD, SHARP METAL the size of a nickel. We immediately took pictures and completed a claim with the hotel and spoke to the very rude hotel manager, Christopher Fox. He assured us that this was a very serious issue and that we would be compensated for everything. Well, the claims representative contacted us a few days later and told us that they would not assume any responsibility for the metal because it wasn't part of any of their equipment but rather came inside the oatmeal they order from the manufacturer. They ORDER the oatmeal from the company where they proceed to COOK it, PREPARE it, and SERVE it to customers. Are you trying to tell me that it isn't any of the Wynn's responsibility????? . . We will be pursuing legal action against this hotel. One of the girls who was there to witness the metal is a reporter in Los Angeles and will be covering this problem for everyone to see and witness.
We were disrespected by the staff, and we walked away. We complained to the general manager of the Wynn Hotel, and the only thing he could say is Sorry.. . If you are in Vegas, and expect a good time at a 5 star resort, AVOID WYNN LAS VEGAS & STEVE WYNN'S RESORTS IN GENERAL.. . Unless you want to be suckered into something that isn't what it really is, than go here, but if you plan on coming here with a family and expect 5 star service than PLEASE take my recommendation, and take your business elsewhere, where people would appreciate your business.. . The Food isn't as great as it sounds, and the service is crap. The price is fair, however I would never step foot into a Wynn Resort again. . . This is coming from a hospitality major, and to be specific, the guy who jacked things up for me and my family was the asian guy, Steve Kuo or something like that, and the manager we dealt with was Chris Fox. Chris Fox was ok, he didn't want to do anything for us, and thats' fine. That's why we are leaving this review. . . This is a quote from another review, in May 2012: . . "1) Life is too short to have bad customer service and . 2) Life is too short to suffer fools.". . Thank you.
I'd like to start by stating that though I travel quite a bit, and the hospitality industry has set many expectations...I'm not very picky.  I simply expect the kind of accommodations and service associated with appropriate level of cost.  Put simply, if I'm paying $50/night, I expect very little.  If I'm paying $500/night, I would hope that the room, service, and overall experience would prove it is worth far more than the $50 establishment.. . I stayed at the Wynn Las Vegas for one night   Since the Wynn brags that they are the only 5-star and 5-diamond rated casino hotel in the world, I fully expected the service and accommodations to be second-to-none. . . At best, I would give the Wynn 3 stars, diamonds, rubies...or whatever shiny little symbol you want to associate with the establishment and their service.  Bottom line - NOT worth the money.  . . shitty customer service..no follow through..blah blah blah
This is a beautiful hotel with great food selection and shops.  The rooms are also nice.  I am giving this a one star because of what happened to me at 2 am on the way to my room.  On my way up to my room, 3 drunk guys get in from a lower floor and were so aggressive that I ended up shoving one of the guys to get out to my floor.  This was traumatic for me and a big advice I would have for all the ladies is to be really careful about being alone in the elevator, especially when it's late into the night.  When i shared this traumatic experience with one of the clerks at check out, his only offer was "I'm sorry" and mentioned that I should have reported it to security.  He did not offer anything else but for me to get in another line to speak to the manager.  I was unable to speak to the manager due to the long lines there and him stepping away from the front desk.  I was really surprised by the lack of empathy I received from the clerk and the lack of empowerment he had in trying to turn my experience around.   I was disappointed in my experience (although the rest of it was great) because of how it all ended when I shared something really traumatic.  My key takeaway:  As a woman, be careful about being alone in the Wynn elevators.
We had a mini-family reunion (14 people) in Vegas and chose the Wynn. While the hotel looks nice, the rooms are lovely and large. The Wynn is not worth the price. . - No coffee makers in room - - I like my morning coffee. . - Unfortunately I forgot my swimsuit - it cost me $140 to buy the cheapest they had. - Drinks are outrageously expensive ($15.99 for a shot of bourbon!). - They have a DAILY $25 'Resort Fee' for you to use the Health Club, room telephone, in-room fax machine... When I said that I had no plans to use any of those, I was told it was mandatory. And then there's a $3.00 tax on top of that. . - Even your iPhone or iPad or whatever costs $13.99 a DAY - which they SO generously deduct from your $25 resort Fee. Seriously??!!! In this day and age they charge $13.99??? . - Employees are not overly friendly - except for the housekeeping staff - when you ran into them in the hallways they were very friendly. Not so elsewhere in the hotel. It's like you're doing them a favor by staying there. . - We wanted to have a family celebration dinner in the Stratta... Initially, there was no way that they would move our tables together... and we'd have to all have the same food... Seriously?? You can't accommodate 14 people??? In their defense a manager by the name of Christian did make it all work so we had a lovely evening... but it was work to get to that point. . - The hotel nightclubs are on the upper floors - if you're anywhere near them BEWARE!  A couple of our cousins called down in the middle of the night to complain about the loud music - - the hotel sent security up to their rooms and provided complimentary earplugs - like the kind you buy at Home Depot. Really??. - I discussed all of this with a couple of different 'managers' - it was basically blah, blah, blah - (too bad, we're not going to do anything about it), blah, blah, blah. . You have lots of choices when you're in Vegas. Why settle for such BS??? Why settle for a hotel that doesn't care if you're not happy????
Still recovering from sleepless night; 25th floor and the nightclubs rock and throb all the way up all night till 4:30 am. Front desk and management not at all surprised with my complaint. They state many of the rooms hear the clubs all night. Did not know this hotel was designed only for kids. Expected a whole lot more sophistication. Disappointed big time with The Wynn Las Vegas.
This is a review on Wynn hotel's valet parking service. They have the WORST valet parking service ever! When you go get your car. they will ask you if you are a hotel guest or not. If you are not a hotel guest they will give you a yellow ticket. Yellow stands for, wait 30 + minutes to get your car. The hotel guests will get a green ticket and even if you waited 30 + minutes, a hotel guest at Wynn who showed up later than you, will get their car first!!! Well I was starving and wanted to go get breakfast BC we couldn't eat at Wynn's buffet since they have a dress code. These valet workers made us wait 45 minutes to get our car. We had to go complain to them or else we would have to wait even longer.
DO NOT stay here.  Service is awful.  The staff is beyond rude.  Check-in took almost an hour.  We were promised a rollaway.  Never got it.  When we called at 1 am, the rudest person on the planet told us they would not be providing one.  She then accused me of lying, claiming that no onewould have ever promised us a rollaway.   I have stayed in much cheaper hotels with infinitely better service.  Stay away!
My friends and I booked two suites for my friend's bachelor party. We thought we might as well go somewhere nice since it was a special occasion. . . From the minute we got there every employee was rude and didn't want to help in any way. Even trying to get to my room the elevator guy had to look through my ice chest and almost didn't let me bring it up. Then we finally get to the room and the ice machine was not working and there is a frig in the room but filled with the Wynn's over priced drinks and who wants that.. .  So to the main point of my trip and why I think everyone should boycott this hotel is because of the discrimination they showed one of my friends because of his tattoos. It was the most ignorant things I think I've ever witnessed. He was denied entry to a pool party that we all payed for because of the art work on his skin. He is not a gang member or anything like that and we were hotel guests just going to a pool party at the hotel that we payed for. The security gaurd that was kicking us out had just about as many tattoos as my friend did which was rediculous in its self. I asked him why he wasn't letting us in and he said "We have an image to uphold". He also said because some of the millionaires wouldn't like to see his tattoos. I find it really hard to believe that they would care so much about my friends tattoos that they would leave and not spend any of their money there. And we payed money as well so I guess our money wasn't good enough for them. So after we left by being embarrased in front of hundreds of people we go to get our money back and they took 2 hours to reimbuse us. . . So instead of us trying to provide a special weekend for our friend it turned into one difficulty after the next. I will never step foot in that hotel or casino ever again and you shouldn't either. They will treat you like second class citizens and will disriminate against you just as they did to us. Go stay anywhere else!!!!!!!!!
My friends and I booked two suites for my friend's bachelor party. We thought we might as well go somewhere nice since it was a special occasion. . . From the minute we got there every employee was rude and didn't want to help in any way. Even trying to get to my room the elevator guy had to look through my ice chest and almost didn't let me bring it up. Then we finally get to the room and the ice machine was not working and there is a frig in the room but filled with the Wynn's over priced drinks and who wants that.. . So to the main point of my trip and why I think everyone should boycott this hotel is because of the discrimination they showed one of my friends because of his tattoos. It was the most ignorant things I think I've ever witnessed. He was denied entry to a pool party that we all payed for because of the art work on his skin. He is not a gang member or anything like that and we were hotel guests just going to a pool party at the hotel that we payed for. The security gaurd that was kicking us out had just about as many tattoos as my friend did which was rediculous in its self. I asked him why he wasn't letting us in and he said "We have an image to uphold". He also said because some of the millionaires wouldn't like to see his tattoos. I find it really hard to believe that they would care so much about my friends tattoos that they would leave and not spend any of their money there. And we payed money as well so I guess our money wasn't good enough for them. So after we left by being embarrased in front of hundreds of people we go to get our money back and they took 2 hours to reimbuse us. . . So instead of us trying to provide a special weekend for our friend it turned into one difficulty after the next. I will never step foot in that hotel or casino ever again and you shouldn't either. They will treat you like second class citizens and will disriminate against you just as they did to us. Go stay anywhere else!!!!!!!!!
Staying at the Wynn is not the start to any horror story i have ever heard, but that's how my horror story starts. OK first when we were about to check in at the registry they assumed that we were off our rockers cause we were asking for our two tower suites we had booked months in advance asked us "are you sure" like we were some bums on hallucinogens or something. After they realized that we did have two suites booked, they told us that it would take a couple hours,this is just the beginning. We finally get our keys to our tower suites, then right before we even get to the elevator you have to pass some elevator security (which i have nothing against) but these "elevator security" stopped our group and said that he wanted to check my cooler. I cooperated fine and he says that i have to much beer in it "WHAT"!? i said. So confused as other groups of people have cases and holding Tequila bottles as they walk right by him. He finally said we could proceed after he makes these phony call asking if it was OK to bring a cooler of beer to the room,apperently he wanted a payoff of some sort like he was doing me a big favor. So annoying but we did. We proceed to the hotel which was really nice(ill give the Wynn that). We get ready and go straight to the pool party which we even paid extra for VIP. WE get to the pool and i dint know if they had it out for us or what but again we deal with security!? This time there not letting my friend into the pool cause of his tattoos! Get this, the guy "Jason" had tattoos as well just like my friend and he has the nerve to tell us "paying customers staying at there hotel" that we were not gonna be allowed in! We tried to reason by saying that he would put a shirt on but they were ignoring us ! We had to leave cause of the embarrassment. It took us about two hours to get reimbursed with no sorry or anything after we spend two hours at the front desk speaking with managers, supervisors etc. I felt bad for my friend for being discriminated for tat toss which half of the people at the pool had! We were singled out and probably a good laugh for there staff for ruining our weekend.Thanks a lot Wynn. I will NEVER EVER EVER STAY HERE AGAIN!
I could not be more disappointed in the Wynn customer service as i am now. The club XS allows people to dance in the swimming pools and come in and out of the water which makes the area very slippery. I fell by the pool and split my knee open i was rushed to the ER on my bachelorette party to get 6 stiches. Thanks to XS i had to hobble through my wedding and was forced to not exorcize for 6 weeks. When i reached out to the Wynn, the HR department was more then rude they were down right insulting and completely unaccommodating to what happened to me in their hotel. i would never spend another penny in this hotel.. . i recommend going to the Cosmopolitan where you will find real customer service and a hotel where they actually care about what happens to their patrons
Just got back from a stay at the Wynn over the holidays for what my wife and I hoped would be a start to a fun Christmas tradition. Unfortunately, we were absolutely floored by the behavior of one of the dealers on the casino floor who effectively ruined our stay at the Wynn.  We go to Vegas frequently, up to a few times a year, and my wife and I enjoy playing craps, betting in the sports book, and burning money playing slot machines.  On our second day we decided to go down to the casino floor to play the table games, and one craps dealer offended us so deeply, we avoided the tables in the Wynn like the plague so we didn't have to see her.  We played at one table in the Encore, but decided to not bet any more of our money at the hotel after that, and instead spent the rest of our gambling time/money at an MGM property.. . Here's what happened while I was playing craps.  I was at a table that had too few players, so I decided to move to another more lively table (I should note that the dealers at the first table were friendly... too bad that didn't carry over).  At the second table, I was positioned next to a female dealer from South Korea who seemed nice enough at first.  However, while we were playing, she was talking to a man from the Netherlands about how Americans don't travel, how there weren't any in Vegas even (which didn't make sense), how U.S. money is essentially worthless, and how America "used" to be a great country and basically how awful it is now.  At one point, I looked over at her in disgust to which she replied "it's true!" . . Regardless of what you think privately, it was a completely inappropriate conversation.  I don't go on vacation to spend my hard earned money at hotel to be insulted by its staff.  As I mentioned earlier, it was such an awful experience, that we actively avoided the tables at the Wynn because we would frequently see her there.  It got to the point where we just gave up and gambled elsewhere.  Had I not prepaid for the room, I would have checked out and gotten a room at an MGM property, or in the neighboring Palazzo.. . I expect to find anti-Americanism abroad, but I didn't expect to find it here.  Furthermore, some of the comments were absurd.  The portion about U.S. currency, whatever.. Yeah the dollar's not exactly what it used to be, but it's what I get in my paycheck and it's what I'm spending at your hotel/casino, and I would have spent/gambled a whole hell of a lot more, so save it.  There were no Americans in Vegas?  I'm not sure what that was about.  Americans don't travel?  I travel... A lot.  Germany, Egypt, and the UK just in the past few months.  America used to be a great country?  Again, keep your opinions to yourself.  I'm not staying and gambling in this casino to hear you go on about your personal political beliefs... Furthermore, I don't expect many of your AMERICAN (remember, your hotel and casino are in AMERICA financed with AMERICAN dollars built with AMERICAN hands and frequented by AMERICANS) guests would appreciate this line of conversation.  But maybe Steve Wynn and Wynn Resorts doesn't want American guests and wants to market their properties solely to foreigners. . . I told a hotel employee all about this when I checked out, and she seemed apologetic, but in being an average customer, I doubt I'll even receive an email follow-up about my experience.  Needless to say, this incident so soured my experience, that I will be staying elsewhere on the next trip to Vegas.
Worse stay EVER IN VEGAS!. . I get that Wynn is a premier hotel that accomodates its guest thus the high hotel rates. But my stay there was the worst time i have had in Vegas. First it took me 2 hours to check in due to the incompetent front desk worker. . . I tell her i want to pay for the room in cash and put the 250 accident on my card which instead she charges everything on my card apoligizing for her mistake and refunds me back the 200$ in cash. She goes on to tell me it was her mistake that they charged my card over looking the initial first night stay deposit. . . By that point i am extremely disturbed that it is taking me 2 hours to check into the hotel so i request and ask 3 time that the 250$ accidetal charge not be charged and just be held in my account. She confirms and agrees it will not be and the over charged amount will be taken out of my final charge when i check out. . . I thank her and FINALLY check into my room looking forward to the nights festivities which i also bought tickets to XS. At this poit it was 2 in the morning with XS closing at 4 which I though its ok couples hours to get my drink on with no LINE!!! I get in and it is packed as they didnt open the pool side. . . I am no super annoye so i decide to screw it and get some rest. I get into my hotel with the outside weather being about 43 degrees turn on the heater in the room and to my surprise...it is broken. . . Given i paid for a king suite, i imagined something like a heater would work in the room. . . All that aside ihas an amzing time with my girlfriend. However i get back to reality in LA and check my bank account and to my surprise a total of 751.36 has been chArged on my card. I call in and the floor manager tell me it is their fault but the amounts of 507.11 has been refunded so no compensation will be given at this time. WTF?!?!?! Admiting its their fault and me getting charged overages for their mistake...nothing can be compensated for their imcompetenace?!?!? Wow...worst hotel service ever.
The place was wonderful, don't get me wrong. However, they should improve their cleaning. After staying at this hotel, my friend got huge rashes all over her body and after speaking to the manager, they didn't even show any sympathy. No apology whatsoever. Ultimately, one of the staff came to our room to make an incident report and they never came back with the results which means they didn't do anything about it. Yeah, definitely not coming back here.
When the Wynn first opened, we LOVED it.  It was laid out like Bellagio and the service was equal to the Bellagio.  (Can you tell that the Bellagio was our benchmark for quality?)  We had decided to switch allegiance.  . . The economy being as it has been, we took 4 long years before we returned to Las Vegas.  We started our gambling at the Bellagio and it was as lovely as I remembered.  We went to the Wynn with excitement....but it didn't last.. . The video blackjack machines were not setup to double down or split.  We were told that we could turn on our service light and a floor manager would come to reset them.  (This is actually something we've done many times before at both hotels).  Normally, it takes just a few minutes to get service.  This time, it took 25 minutes (and we saw 3 managers walk right by).  We decided to leave.  I wanted to give feedback to a manager about our experience.  Two were there and they could not havecared less.  . . Sometimes places get busy (that was not the case this time) and I understand, but when a customer gives you negative feedback, most businesses respond immediately with apologies and concern.  Businesses can please their customers several times to keep them coming back... but it only takes ONE bad experience to lose a customer forever.
RIPP OFF !!! they charged for a soup and egg white $45.00 at the casino !!! That is insane. Their staff is rude and impulite!!. I will never, but never ever, go there again.
I made such a bad decision by going to "THE BUFFET" @ the wynn because of its looks!  I waited in line for almost 45 mins, paid over $30 for a plate. This buffet was a joke in the salad bar area. All they had was ceasar salad :(...... And the only area that really lived up to the buffet meaning was the dessert area!!! Not what I was looking for at 12 noon. This place has more hype than anything
So there I stayed here for 3 days recently.. The rooms were amazing best I have ever been in! The reason it has one star is because I was there with my husband and every time I would walk away from him In the evening for only a second a prostitute would approach him. A very obvious prostitute! For the price of this place they can afford security. I will NOT come back. It is disrespectful of the guests and me as a paying coustomer
Clean but it is really just like the Bellagio.  Keep in mind this place does not comp drinks when you are at the tables or on the machines.  A bartender said this was Steve Wynn's idea.  One bright spot is Sinatra's Restaurant.  A class act.  Besides that this place is over price and over rated
THEFT IN "PARADISE" . . I traveled to Vegas for 4th of July weekend with a group. We found a tower suite at the Wynn that worked for us. First, night life at both Wynn and Encore are handled separately from general hotel operations and as a result a premium guest pays as much, if not more than non-guests or passers-by. . . To the main point, while lounging at the Encore pool, someone STOLE my phone, wallet, and shirt.  The security team's response was so slow and PISS POOR that even with a million cameras literally everywhere, they couldn't find our stuff. The response from management has been so sub-par I feel like I would have been better off staying at some rat-hole motel. . . This place is NOT worth the money. Everyone has been totally unprofessional and not a single effort was made to help or accommodate us.  Think twice before staying at the Wynn/ Encore.
We stayed in Encore for two night.. Definitely, it' the worst one we ever stayed!. We found two blood spots on the sheet when we got up because of the loud noise at midnight. It's not our, so disgusting!!!. We called them, after waiting for more then 1 hour, a manger came, it's 1 am! He said he will asked the person in charge of this to contact us. But the next day no one contacted us, we call them again. After a long time  waiting, a officer came. Asked us to write down the complaint. We provide everything he asked and he said the complaint manger would call us soon.. After a whole day waiting, no one called us. We call the complaint office before we checked out. The complaint manger didn't admit it and hinted the blood spots were caused by us. This made us very angry, but we have no time to argue with them, we need to drive for 10 hours back.. How bad experience we met in Encore!!! The worst hotel and worst service we ever met, we will never choose Encore and Wynn!. In addition, it's noisy in the rooms in one side of the hotel! Hope it will be helpful when you plan to LV.
This is a review of the Wynn hotel. Not the clubs or restaurants. I stayed in the Wynn for EDC week. We had 2 suites for 8 days each. Yes I know 8 days in Vegas?!? Damn! So why the 1 star? THEFT in BOTH ROOMS. We come back to our room and notice our shoes had been rearranged. We thought it was weird, considering we left them neat. . * Board shorts, stolen out of the dirty clothes bag. * A bunch of Victoria Secret underwear. * While at our lily pad at Encore Beach Club flip flops stolen.. Then the hotel concierge hands us these nasty little brown prison looking slippers, and says, " Sir, you can;t go in the hotel barefoot." ... "uh OK! , I wouldn't be effin barefoot if someone in your Club hadn't jacked my flip flops.. . So back home after reporting the 3 incidents of theft and a few days pass. I receive a letter and it has a claim number, no items were ever recovered, And the hotel states that they determines there was no hotel personnel misconduct. REALLY?! THEFT in the room is NOT considered misconduct?The letter closes with, sorry for the inconvenience.. . Lame, and we will NOT be RETURNING!. . Hey Wynn, What happens in Vegas doesn't stay in Vegas anymore!. .
The bar doesn't comp drinks. Well, charge us $20.50 for a gin and tonic and rum and coke and we'll go lose $100 somewhere else.
Las Vegas is hot, I wear tank tops and I came here to eat the delicious buffet that I heard greatly of, I've never been so discriminated against.. They told us we had to have shirts so our friends took the cloths off to cloth us, so we go in and I guess because of how we were dressed, they came to us asking us for our recipes as if we hadn't paid they saw them and finally left us alone and we ate in piece
I went to this hotel to gamble and the staff was unbelievably rude. I went to sign up for their player's club card, they asked me where I was staying and proceeded to outright insult me. It is a very nice hotel but if you don't appreciate being insulted by classless snobs then stay away.
Stayed at Wynn for my Wife's bday thinking we were going to have the best experience in Las Vegas, especially for the price you pay for the rooms. Well..we were wrong. Their customer service and management sucks. I was not feeling good inside the casino and my wife was having a hard time getting me a glass or bottle of water. Than we spoke to them about the whole incident , it's like they didn't even care. . Yes it is a very nice looking Casino but I would NOT recommend it.
Scam!!!. . I paid $440 for two VIP tickets to the Dream that specifically said it includes admission to XS.   But when my girlfriend and I got there, the people in charge said "we don't honor these, sorry now pay 80.  . . I complained, and all they said was too bad! I will report this to consumer affairs and show them  the video of the manager saying "we don't honor VIP tickets regardless if you paid for them;) "
email to wynn. . BAIT AND SWITCH. . To Whom it may concern:. I am not an individual that goes out of my way to complain, I am actually usually too quick to pay a compliment. What happened to me this past Friday was beyond disrespectful to me to just let it go.. I received a correspondence from your hotel toward the middle of October with the promotion Trip21.  I utilized this promotion to get two nights, a show and a buffet for my wife and I to celebrate our anniversary.. I called a total of three times. The first time I called, I inquired about dates, I was told the promotion was good for any day, I chose Friday the 15th and Saturday the 16th with show tickets on Saturday. I said I had to call back to make the final reservation. The second call I called asked to speak with the same person, the individual that I spoke with stated that he could help me. I completed my reservation.. The third call I called because that same individual charged me for both nights instead of the one. I wanted to make sure everything was ok.. On the 15th my wife and I drove out as we intended, we arrived at the Wynn to be told that all the systems were down and we had to wait. We waited over an hour for the systems to come up.. When the systems came up, we were told that our reservations had been made for Saturday and Sunday, and they had only recorded two of the three calls. I asked the people up front to see what they could do and to speak with a supervisor. They at no point let me listen to the tape.. Up to this point I was not upset, I was just trying to see if someone could help me.  In walks a "supervisor" by the name of Raymond (around 6 o clock). I had just gotten off the road of a 6 hour drive and I admit I was in a sweatshirt and flip flops. Raymond gave me second to explain and said " Maybe a cheaper more inexpensive hotel would suit you better". That is where I lost it. I asked to speak with his supervisor.  Misha Came and spoke with me and had the tough task of calming me down. She did great even though she was not able to honor the agreement I had made with your hotel. . At this point I was a bit calmer, but it was a matter of principle. Anyway, I was able to go to my normal casino, and my rooms were comped, and I played a great deal there and was not made to feel cheap!!. This will be copied to Yelp and I am still deciding whether I should go farther than that.  Please advise me of what you are going to do to deal with this employee.
Disappointed at d buffet for sure.  After 4.5 hrs (included traffic), as hungry as I was, d food was such a disappointment.  W tips included it came out to b $61/person.  D food choices r plentiful but lack of quality.  Just bc it was chopped like Alaskan king crap, it's still snow crab...false advertisement!!!  No bourbon sauce for crepes, bread pudding.  There were ingredients enough to make banana foster but I walked away from d server's disinterested manner.  Overall by far this was d worse buffet I've ever had, even for $30 it'll get no more than 1 star never mind  $60, a total rip off.
