Player club customer service really Sucks!!!!!!!!!. Long lines, no friendly smiles.....I guess they don't  like our $$$$??. . P.S. Asian customers can jump the line?????????( not VIP card holders)
Where do I begin?  If you want decent service and polite staff it's not here!. . Our card reader to our room broke the second day we were there and not once, twice but three times security had to let us in our room each time waiting up to 45 minutes. The manager was like well we can give you a free room service for you trouble. I thought he was joking! . . The casino is more like Tunica than Vegas.. The pleasure pit has stripper poles and idiots betting under the dancers. I think they don't realize the dealer is allowed to hit higher than normal in that pit. . . The reastaurants all turn into full on night clubs at 10:00.  (Little too early I think) . . We spent most of our time at the Wynn eating, gambling & watched a show there as well.  . . The only reason we stayed at PH was due to a referral from the Convention we were attending. . . NEVER AGAIN!
DON'T STAY IN THIS HOTEL EVER!!!!!!!!!!!. . I was so excited to stay in this hotel, but that quickly changed the second night when I dropped an earring on the floor.... Thank goodness!!! Because I had two beds and only needed one I picked the right bed to sleep in. This was lucky for me.  . . This was the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I should have just stayed in a motel. I guess I should have known because the price was cheaper than the neighboring hotels. I found a condom wrapper under my bed. Hair and fresh makeup on the pillows/ sheets and other details I don't think are appropriate. When I went down stairs to tell front desk the lady said she was going to talk to a manger. With all the problems I thought a manger would come talk to me and apologize or even comp something, but NO. With attitude the lady came back and asked would I like to switch rooms and rolled her eyes. Making me uncomfortable and only having one night left, I just walked away because I would rather not deal with this hotel. I took the next flight out. . . THANKS PH FOR MESSING UP MY LAST DAY in LV.
Good place for the young crowd, you get a nice laid-out casino floor with great places for food and drinks within 2 minutes walking distance.. . Their rooms are ehhhhhh... not too clean and can be compared to a motel. Sad to say but true.
This was my first experience staying at Planet Hollywood hotel, and it will be my last.. . Pros:. - Visually, the theme, hotel and casino as a whole look nice.. - If you smoke, you'll have no problems with the rooms.. . Cons:. - We had reservations for a non-smoking room. When we checked in, they had absolutely no smoke-free rooms left even though we made reservations for a non-smoking room months in advance. So we were stuck with a disgusting/stinky room. Although the room had Brad Pitt photos all over the walls, it wasn't enough to make up for the smoke saturated room and smoke filtering in from the rooms next door. . . The next morning we went to the front desk and I insisted we get switched to a non-smoking room, and possibly get comped for having such a horrible 1st night. The guy at the desk avoided me the whole time, but did change our room, without any comps.. . - The bath tub had pubes and weird pink residue in it.
Yuck this place is sp ghetto
So sad that my first experience at this hotel was not good one.  I had high hopes of having a great hotel room at a great location on the strip but....  thanks Planet Hollywood for screwing that up for me. T_T. . I made reservations weeks in advanced.  Got there and they told me check in was at 3.  Ok, no problem.  Came back at 3 to find a long line.  /sigh.  Waiting in line till after 4 and the front desk told me that my room won't be ready for at about another hour.  She gave me a room number, made a call, then told me that there is a lady in that room cleaning.  Ok, no big deal.  I went over to the ABC store and picked me up two Asahis.  Came back around 5:15 to wait in line again. /sigh.  Now the story changed.  They said that I can get a room right now if I settled for a smoking room or double bed.  I made reservations weeks ago for king bed, non-smoking.  They would not be able to provide that for me till after 7pm!  what the shit!  what is wrong with you people?. . The front desk told me that my reservations doesn't give any priority to me.  If someone without a reservation walks up and requests a room before you (with a reservation) gets there, then the room goes to them.  What a retarded way to do business.  So I gave Planet Hollywood the mental middle finger and took my money somewhere else.
Not sure if there have been other reports of theft in the past but when I went it was a Friday night me, my bf, my friend and his gf were staying there and we went to Marquee. Were out of the room from 9pm-2am. When we returned, my friend noticed that $400 was missing from her wallet along with the $20 that she had left out the table. Before we left we put the do not disturb sign on the door which was gone when we got back. My friend isnt dumb and you dont just misplace $400 she knew where she put her money. She filed a report and talked to head security and they said she would have to wait a week to see what could be done bc they needed investigate. Well today I talked to her and the event occurred two weeks ago and she tells me that she is not going to be reimbursed bc PH is not liable for stolen items. WTF! Thats bs coz we knew we closed the door and my friends suitcase got looked through. PH employees such as housekeeping have access to our rooms and can just steal hella sh.t. Basically PH can eat a d*ck and if you are goin to stay here and have valuables USE THE SAFE.
Awful service at the front desk. Reserved a room with 2 queen beds and they said they don't guarantee rooms when you reserve them. The lady on the phone when I made the reservations clearly told me the room would have 2 queens. The front desk wasn't helpful at all in remedying the situation.. . I'd expect some sort of kickback since we didn't get the room we wanted, we had a reservation for a 4 night stay period, and had a large group of 4 different rooms. You would think they would want our future business. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Vegas. Definitely staying at the Palazzo next time.
When my girlfriend and I were deciding where to stay for our anniversary. We decided to stay at Planet Hollywood cause of the description and picture that was on the website, it looked very hip. Also it's right on the strip. . . This is what we written on the site: . (Hollywood Hip Room). This 450-square-foot room comes with a choice of one king or two queen beds. The room features signature Planet Hollywood bedding and decorations including authentic movie memorabilia. The room also has a 42-inch plasma television, armoire and a laptop-sized in-room safe. . . When we got there to check-in we were denied valet parking and couldn't even use the bellhop service. We ended up parking in the self park and had to carry our bags through the mall which was a very long walk. When we checked into our room we were disappointed because the description and picture didn't match the Hollywood Hip room that was on the website. There was no 42-inch TV and no authentic movie memorabilia and etc. Another inconvenience was that there was no ice machine on our floor when it stated that there are ice machines on every floor. Also housekeeping didn't replace the same amount of towels that we had the previous night. On our last day we asked for late check-out but front desk denied us. Our friends who were staying the same hotel did get a late check-out. I was thinking WTF one room could get a late check-out and another room can't. So my girlfriend talked to the front desk again and told how our friends got a late check. . . Front desk: Do you know who gave your friends the late check-out? . . Gf: I don't know. . . Front desk: Do you know what room your friends are staying at? . . Gf: 5048 . . Front desk: Oh. I gave them the late check-out. Ok I'll give you the late check-out.  Latest I could give you is till 12pm.. . Me: WTF! . . Overall experience at Planet Hollywood hotel makes me want to stay far away from this hotel when I visit Las Vegas again. I really didn't want to write this comment but the more I think about our visit I wished we stayed at a different hotel.
What was I thinking? I was thinking stay somewhere not too pricey and not too expensive. Well, when you compromise what you spend you also compromise what you get in return. We used to stay here when it was the Aladdin and a few times when it became Planet Hollywood. I must say that even Monte Carlo was better then here. But this last visit....well.... . The Pros:. Right in the middle of the strip. The shopping center. . The Cons:. The valet!!! Ugh, how can you advertise that valet is available to Planet Hollywoods guest and when we arrive, they tell us its closed to only VIP members?! WTH. . Waiting for valet return your car takes at least 75 min on a weekend and on a Monday, it took them 45 min?! WTH. . The buffet...it sucks here, dont even try it.. . The room...we had to ask to change room because the shower did not work and the mattress had a dip on both sides of the bed.. . The 2nd room still had the same problem with the mattress and the pillows? COME ON!!!! Clearly they needed to be replaced and we had pillows that were all 4 different sizes! WTH. . Long story short, Planet Hollywood made our stay uncomfortable. . . You suck.
Firstly, the good. Decent hotel with friendly and courteous staff. The rooms were average and ours was decorated in an "Escape from L.A." theme with artwork and props.. And now the hilarious. As soon as we walked in we noticed a bright lipstick outline in bright red on the bright white duvet cover. Then what looked like a "booger" on the duvet as well. Then what looked like a sh*t stain on one of the pillows. Then we noticed the carpet was un-vacuumed with a woman's hair "scrunchy" on the carpet. And finally the toilet was broken. Well the maintenance guy fixed that quickly followed by the a housekeeper who took care of the rest.. As we were there for a convention and we had to take down our displays in the mid-afternoon we "tried" to request a later check-out (check-out is 11am). We got the run around for about ten minutes involving multiple clerks and message machines. Finally our name was taken for a call back. But guess what........never happened. So I left quite annoyed.. . WOULD I GO BACK? Probably not but maybe it will be better the next time.
OK.. the lobby is gorgeous! And it stops there... so we asked for an upgrade (mind you on a WEEKDAY) and got a mini upgrade for $90 extra. Our friends (checked in minutes after us) asked for an upgrade, got sent to the penthouse for FREE!! So when we tried at LEAST getting our $90 back, the VERY RUDE guy at the front desk said too bad. UGH. Anyway.. our room was OK.. but there was no comforter on the bed!! The rooms are insanely cold and don't really have heaters. So even if you turn the AC off, you're going to freeze! Had to ask for 2 extra blankets, it was still freezing. THe photos on their website show comforters... false advertisement. The showers... don't get me started. The water is FREEZING for about 15 minutes. Then IF YOU'RE LUCKY, it starts getting warm. But remember, only if you're lucky. When the room next door showers, you hear it. So expect lots of water noise at 3 am -_-. It seems like an incredible idea at first (staying there) but if you don't want to deal with a headache, stay AWAY!! Friends stayed at the Encore, it was INCREDIBLE!!! GO THERE!!!
Don't stay!!!! Pictures online are very deceiving. Rooms are old and dirty. If your booking a room to go with 10 people and trash it stay here. Pool is tiny and the staff is very rude. From arriving to valet to getting harassed in the mall for timeshare presentations, it is awful. Everyone is rude. Like they hate their job. The only cool thing was seeing holly taping a bit for extra in the lobby but she looked pissed too!! Also we saw the sin city comedy club at the v theatre. I felt soooo bad for the comedians. No one was laughing. I go to a lot of comedy shows and this was the worst. My 2 year old is funnier. The only other good thing is that they let us check out earlier and we went to the vdara hotel. Vdara is awesome. Every room was a suite. Brand new and awesome staff. Oh and I put a comment on plant hollywoods Facebook page and they deleted it. Ha!!!
By far the most disgusting hotel I have EVER stayed at in Las Vegas. . . 1. Valet staff was extremely rude, 75% of the time they would not let me valet, claimed it was "full" unless I was a diamond member. I am a PAYING guest of the hotel, valet is something I should be able to do whenever I please.. . 2. Since I was very rudely turned away from Valet I had to self-park and walk though the entire miracle mile mall searching for the elevator to my room. This is ridiculous.. . 3. The room was dirty. There was hair in the bathtub and the bed..yes you read that right THE BED. How disgusting is that?!? . . 4. The shower had hardly any water pressure and the shower head was caked with limescale. They obviously have neglected cleaning of the shower head for what looked like years.. . 5. My room must have been near some kind of air vents or plumbing, there was a loud thunder sounding noise ALL NIGHT and ALL DAY every couple of minutes. The noise was so loud that the floor in the bathroom would actually vibrate. Sleep was something I got very little of due to the noise.. . Hard to have a relaxing vacation when I'm forced to self park and walk circles around the hotel to find my room then kept awake by loud continuous noise. . . Do yourself a favor, stay elsewhere. I bet even motel 6 would be better than this dump.
This is more a review of the casino than the hotel.. .  I have never received such horrible service from any casino. I sat down at a table and gave the dealer my TR card, i am a platinum member, along with my hundred dollar buy in. Nobody ever came to check me in! It wasn't until I was done playing that I had to stop one of the pit bosses and ask to be checked in. He looked at my card, gave it back to me, and said "yeah we will get ya" and walked off! . . The dealer was so bad at dealing I think she should have stayed a stripper! I was pretty tipsy, but I had to tell her every time I won! Not some of the times, EVERY TIME!! She would pick up my chips and I would have to say, wait! I won that hand. So I guess you not only lose money gambling but you also have to work for them training their dealers. I have had dealers make mistakes, but she was taking it to a whole new level. The worst part about it is that she started being rude to me! Rolling her eyes whenI would call her out, and at one point she started making fun of me because I was losing! . . I then walked over to one of the head pit bosses to express my frustration. She said "what do you want me to do about it" and started laughing at me along with a few guys at a near by table. I was furious by this time, and went down to the front desk to speak to the hotel manager. I left two messages, and maybe she is still assisting other guests because I have yet to talk to anyone. . . If I wanted to be ridiculed I could find cheaper ways of doing it, this place is the worst!
I didn't stay here so I can't comment on the accommodations but the casino is horrible.  Too.  F*cking.  Loud.  Hot, noisy, irritating.  They are trying WAY too hard and the result is no rock 'n' roll fun.
Our son moved to Vegas in March so my husband and I are there at least once a month.  We stayed at PH for the first time this weekend and it will be the last!  We arrived Friday afternoon to a half empty cocktail glass and trash next to our door and it remained there until Saturday night, despite having seen housekeeping on our floor.  I use housekeeping very loosely because our room didn't look as if it had been adequately cleaned in a long time.  Our room window was smaller than our kitchen table which added to the overall seedy feeling of the place.  It lacked things you'll normally find at any hotel like a coffee maker and small fridge.  Oh and the TV and 2 lights weren't working either.  Back to the Four Seasons!
Very poor service it took 6 hours for them to clean up my room. 3 calls and a conversation with the manager ended with him telling me just had to wait and then he insulted me. Will not stay here again
Worst Vegas experience EVER. Paid $50 per night for an upgraded room which was terrible... filthy bathtub, not that I would ever bathe in a hotel bathtub but I would expect to be clean, not to be filled with other peoples hair.  The ceiling in the bathroom had so much water damage that the popcorn was peeling off.  . The Bellagio fountain view would have been nice if our window wasn't 4x5 and caked with filth. . Room service was bad, planet daily cafe was horrible.. The walk from the self parking garage took you through the miracle mile shops and  was almost torture with suitcases and bags.  . The casino was fun but difficult to navigate.
We got there on  Friday we had to  wait 3 hours to ck in when we got to our room last guest still in the room we came down to tell front desk about it had to wait another half hour to book us for another room i reserved one of the room for my handicap father they didnt consider to give us a room with handicap equipment . when we called at least to bring the chair for their bathroom it took them another 3 hours to bring it.everything in that hotel was so slow on our way to ck out we had to wait again not to forget for room serviceit took them one hour to bring a cup of coffee up. when you get to casino you felt you are in the center of fireplace. smoke were everywhere they do not have good aircon. what a waste.
Christmas Weekend for a local resident who could choose any property to stay and this was our pick.  BAD CHOICE.  1.  45 minute wait to check in with only 3 working the desk.  No apology, just a sorry its busy and most of our help called in.  Like they didn't know how many reservations were on the books.  2.  Dropping $1500 in 36 hours on video poker, and didn't even get one 4 of a kind.   OMG.  3.  I left my $49 memory foam pillow and cell charger in the room.  Since I am local I could run down and pick it up.  I would know if I didn't take my pillow home with me.  After 15 minutes on hold I get to Lost and Found.  They don't have it.  They send me to housekeeping where I wait another 15 minutes on hold and they say why did they even transfer me there.  That Lost and Found should have offered a security report which they did not.  And I get offered to be transferred back.  After a long wait time I hung up.. 5.  Long wait times for the buffet (1.5 hours quoted) for a $35.99 buffet.  6.  only 2 bath towels for 2 people, are you kidding?  7.  No exhaust fans in the bathroom?  8.  Shower so tiny with a shower head that is not movable.... cant escape the water to even shave your legs.  The little things that make a stay "uncomfortable".  . . So slow service, huge costs, tightest machines on the strip, and the housekeeping keeps my forgotten items and it appears no one there really does care.  Why?  Cause another plane is landing with more out of town guests unaware they selected the wrong place!  Take it from a local, dont book here!
I booked a SMOKING ROOM for Christmas weekend from Friday 23 - Sunday 25. . I called in ahead of time to let them know that I will be arriving late, around 6 am on Sat morning. The guy who I spoke to said the room will be ready for me when I get there.. . At 3 AM on Saturday morning, After a long drive. My boyfriend and I arrived at the front desk. No smile or greetings from the employee (maybe the guy was tired since it's late~ understood!). . . Our FIRST ROOM was on the 6th floor, the same floor where the pool is located and about 3 doors down (wasn't so happy but let's give it a try). As soon as we walked into the room, there was towels in the bathroom floor, toilet hasn't flush, the bed was not ready. The room HAS NOT BEEN CLEANED yet. Very sloppy.. . My boyfriend and I with all those luggage went down to the front desk and explained the condition of the room to the young lady. Nothing has been said, no sorry, no apology! Instead, she has given us another room which is now located on the 10th floor. A little better. Why not just gave us this room at first?!. . Our SECOND ROOM was better, at least it's ready for someone who booked for a non-smoking room. But WE BOOKED FOR A SMOKED ROOM. So, we had to go down to the front desk again. . . My boyfriend asked the same young lady if she has assigned us to the smoking room or no since there was no ashtray. Instantly "yes, it is a smoking room" answer, without checking in the computer. So, he had to ask again and the answer was "THERE ARE NO MORE SMOKING ROOM AVAILABLE". . I told her that I booked for a smoking room. She replied "not when you arrived at 3 o'clock in the morning". Uhh, Hello? I gave you guys a call that we will be arriving late and WE DID NOT KNOW THAT IT IS WRONG TO BE ARRIVING AT 3 O'CLOCK IN THE MORNING!! I told her that but she pretended she did not hear.  And again, NO APOLOGY. We were too tired to argue so we decided to sleep with it for the night.. . About 10 o'clock in the morning, we went down to the front desk again and told the other lady what happened. At least she apologized. She has given us a new room. Our THIRD ROOM was on the 33rd floor. The room was standard, nothing special.  I wish that the closet could have been separate from the tv case though. FYI, there was no refrigerator.. . PH self-parking is like walking around the globe! It's annoying how we have to walk pass all those shops for half of a mile to get to the hotel every time we go out. I have no idea how many miles we have walked during our stayed. . . I would not stay there again even if they give us a free room!! Very disappointed!
Dirty rooms. Really overpriced Internet in room
check in process is dreadful, one staff person at the desk and over 50 guests waiting on line. a complete lack of service
June 29th, one night!. . For business, never again...OLD rooms, bad service and horrible clientele. . . Avoid this place if you can, it's not worth it. There IS a reason why the rates are so low.. . Go Cosmopolitan instead!!
Stayed there 5/28-5/30 and was the worst vegas hotel Ive ever stayed at! Coming from SoCal we go to Vegas a lot and usually stay at the Mirage but wanted to try something new..what a mistake! First they put us in a smoking room even though our reservation was for non smoking, when I inquired about this they said there was nothing they could do until the next day. The room smelled smokier then the casino floor! There was trash on the floors and glow sticks around the room! While the bathroom was spacious it was also filled with someone else's hair! Eek! The shower and tub had a fair amount of hair dried to them, super disgusting. The valet took 50 minutes to get our car, service at 3 am at Planet Dallies was horrendous and both them and the buffet were way over priced. We got a cheaper meal at the Bellagio that was sooo much better! We will never stay there again! Was also promised many times a supervisor would call about our issues but of course that never happened! Zero stars if I could!
The hotel is dirty and run down.  The hotel was overbooked and could not accomodate our request for 2 beds despite having 3 people in the room and were in no way apologetic.  The front desk staff was unhelpful and very snotty. No fridge.  Not even a coffee maker in the room.  The casino seemed much smokier than all the others. Would not stay here again
I was unfortunate enough to stay at the Planet Hollywood Hotel/Casino in Las Vegas. When making the reservation I was looking forward to the opportunity to try out one of the few hotels of Harrahs I have not stayed at yet, as my family and I regularly stay at Caesars, Flamingo, Ballys and Harrahs in both Vegas and Laughlin. In addition, I know Planet Hollywood has a reputation for catering to a younger crowd. . . Upon arrival, we were forced to drive around the poorly designed parking structure for over 10 minutes trying to find a spot - unacceptable for the hotel, casino and shopping experience the Planet Hollywood claims to be. Once parked, we made the 15minute, very confusing, trek with our luggage to hotel check-in. Not only were there very few signs directing us on how to get to hotel check-in from the parking structure, we were faced with 2-3 uneducated employees who each pointed us in a different direction. One employee simply responded "who knows I have only worked here a week". . . Once arriving at hotel check-in, we were told we would be upgraded to a "strip view" room with a view of the Bellagio fountains, needless to say we were ecstatic as it was both mine and my boyfriends first stay at this hotel. This excitement was short lived, upon arriving to the room we found the furniture covered in what looked to be body fluid stains, poorly patched up holes in the bathroom doors, a dirty sink and tub, chipped & damaged furniture, a television without a working remote, a noisey toilet that kept running our ENTIRE stay, etc. I really could go on and on. In addition to all these, we were disappointed to learn our "Strip View" was out of a dirty window smaller than our television screen. I feel sorry for your guests who actually pay for this upgrade expecting a "view". . . We put all this past us and went down to the Miracle Mile shops for some shopping, dinner and drinks. Again, we were presented with uneducated staff who couldn't tell us where Fat Tuesdays, Victoria's Secret, or if there was a Bath and Body Works located in the mall - we were simply told "I don't know, go find a map". The only person who was of any assistance to us was one of the non-english speaking janitors who my boyfriend was able to communicate with in spanish and could properly direct us to Fat Tuesdays. . . Upon arriving back to our room around 6am, we were kept awake by what sounded like trucks driving over our room, we then realized that the monorail drives behind Planet Hollywood and what I am to assume to be directly above or behind our room. In addition to this, we were disgusted by the ill fitting sheet on our king size bed, which left a large piece of mattress uncovered at the foot of our bed, because of this we were forced to sleep with on top of the sheets without covers. We finally gave up and joined my family who were smart enough to stay at the South Point Hotel. We spent most of our day there getting some rest and real relaxation. We went back to our room at Planet Hollywood around 4pm on Saturday to again hear the non-stop monorail. . . We went downstairs to give shopping and dinner in the miracle mile shops another try. We went to the Cabo Wabo restaurant and received some of the WORST service I have ever experienced. Both my boyfriend and I have worked in restaurants while going through college, both of us being Corporate Trainers for well known, national restaurant chains - the service we received was UNACCEPTABLE. We had to ask for my drink 3 times because our server kept forgetting it, my boyfriend's food came out covered in cheese even though we requested it without (as he is lactose intolerant, which we told the server) and when we asked one of the hostesses where we could find the "rain show" she responded "I don't know I don't work in the mall" which was confusing to us as Cabo Wabo is listed as being located in the Miracle Mile shops. . . We gave up and went back to the room around 11pm and forced ourselves to sleep through the noise of the running toilet and monorail. We awoke at 8am the next morning almost immoble from the completely worn in bed. I travel quite a bit for work and have NEVER woken up in so much pain from a mattress. . . I am extremely disappointed in the Planet Hollywood and the Harrah's Corporation for allowing an experience like this. I have had great experiences in the past with your other hotels but am at the point where I don't feel I could ever stay at another Harrah's resort. I spent $250 on a room that I could barely spend any time in. I will NEVER stay at the Planet Hollywood again and most likely will NEVER stay at another Harrah's Corp hotel again. For an industry based on customer service and a great customer experience the Harrah's Corporation has failed! Like I state in my subject I am very disappointed and upset I spent my hard earned money on such a terrible experience.
Gross, just gross. Run down to the extreme and stinks of cigarettes. Do yourself a favor and stay somewhere else.
Horrible service. Valet lost our car and forced us to change our flight
Would never stay here again. No mini fridge, no ice machine so were forced to by their $14 dollars drinks, gym pass $25 for one day, their spice buffet was overpriced and bland, the pool sucked ass, it was basically a lot of concrete with two olympic pools! If I had money to throw away I would never spend any money on a so called cabana! Worst experience ever!
Easily the second worst hotel that I've stayed at on the strip.  Most everyone that I encountered who worked at that hotel seemed to hate his/her job.  Our room on the 31st floor seemed like a quick and shoddy cover up of what used to be the Aladdin hotel. The closet door barely hung on its hinges, the walls were scuffed up, and the bathroom was grimy. Not to mention that there was barely any water pressure in the shower.   It was just plain gross and all of a sudden I feel itchy just recalling it.  As if all that wasn't bad enough, housekeeping kept making our bed with sheets that were too short for our king sized bed.  We could feel the exposed mattress at our feet and this occurred again the day after we had to remake the bed ourselves. The front desk would not answer the phone after multiple calls and I suppose something could have been done had we gone to the front desk to raise a stink in person but frankly it wasn't worth the effort.  . . Planet Hollywood, you tricked me with your casino glitz that misled me in believing you'd be a decent stay but now I know that the only thing worth coming back to this hotel for is some Earl's sandwich.
I'm writing this as a warning to anyone who is thinking of staying at Planet Hollywood.. Don't do it! A friend of mine contracted SCABIES after three days of staying there. Good luck.
Let me start off by saying I was so completely stoked at the great deal I got with this hotel.  I assumed it would be awesome based on how cool the casino looked. . . I have to say this was the absolute worst hotel experience.... EVER ( And no I am not be over dramatic). ok, fine, i will give it 1/16 of a star for the pricing, which should have been an indicator of what was to come. . . Lets start off by saying there is absolutely no point to look on their website to judge what your room experience may be. That would be a complete waste of your time. The website does not resemble to room at all. First, the room is completely depressing, barely any lighting and really big, dark furniture. Don't expect to cover up with a cozy comforter, oh that's right, you just get a sheet to cover up with. So at night ( during the peak of summer) you can either sleep with your AC and freeze, or turn it low or off and toss and turn all night b/c your so freaking hot. . . Ladies, don't plan on straightening your hair (which we all know if an absolute essential). That would just be too much to ask. Why you wonder. Well, the moment I plugged in my small straightener, the breaker went off and the bathroom went dark... TWICE and as a result my expensive beauty essential went dead. I made a claim with the hotel and after sending a security guard (WTF) to my room, I was told that the hotel was not at fault and I was just going to have to deal.. . The nicest part of the room, I reckon, would be the bathroom... if you like to find a cockroach waiting for you in the morning as you walk into the shower...... seriously!. . I would have rather stayed at Hooters, at least I would have left smelling of chicken wings!!!!
I'm currently staying here at PH right now and I'm giving this place a one star due to lack of good customer service and cleanliness, not to mention check in time takes FOREVER.  Am staying in a 2 queen bed room with 2 other people and this room is supposed to be  a "Mountain View."  First of all, the only thing I can see out the window is the rooftop and the Hilton Grand Vacation Hotel next door.  Maybe they're talking about the mountains 100 miles away!  We noticed that both sink drains and the bath tub drains are slow and one of the sinks has no drain plug!!!  Something can easily FALL into the drain!  We call to have someone unclog the drains and someone did come within 30 minutes.  Since we were still getting ready, they said they would come back, no problem.  When we get back that night at 11:00, not only did the plumbers leave the floor filthy dirty (oh god I stepped on the floor with bare feet!), they left the sinks dirty caused by god knows what came out of the drains and they LEFT THE DIRTY SMELLY BLACK towels (our towels!!!!) in the bath tub and on the floor!  AND they left this plastic bag with dirty towels and god knows what on our bathroom floor!  SICK ASS!!  We called downstairs and it took over an hour for a cleaning person to come in (not her fault) and the cleaning manager was supposed to come up but she was never made aware of the situation from the front desk!  I called the cleaning maintenance manger myself and she came up within 10 minutes.  She was VERY nice and said that she would try and see if she could do something for us.  We haven't t hear back from the hotel yet.  . . Oh, and the pools are COLD!!!!  The kiddie pool is colder than the 18 and over pool.  This is August 4th and 100 + degrees outside.  WTF??? I do NOT recommend staying at Planet Hollywood that's for sure!. . Don't expect to work out here either.  There is a gym here (they say is not owned by PH) and costs $25 to work out???  There's 24 Hour Fitness gyms in Las Vegas, I'd go there instead and use my $25 for their expensive ass buffet.  Wifi is NOT free either, it's $13.99 a day.  So NOT worth it!  .  . . I have my computer on this scuffed up, scratched, and dinged up desk (my friend brought his wireless adapter so I'm able to use his wifi instead of paying $13.99).  There are no mini frig in the room either.  Oh, and I found an old blood stains on the white comforter!  Hell, how often do they clean the comforters???
The Hotel was terrible. My closet was missing the door, the rooms were dirty. I got up at 4am looking for water and they did not have a mini fridge. I have never stayed a hotel that didn't have a mini fridge. After a night of drinking I woke up thirsty looking for water, I had to call room service and they brought up 2 32oz Aquafina water bottles that cost me $20 each.. This hotel will be my last choice to when coming to Vegas.. but I hope to NEVER AGAIN stay here..
Review on the PH pool.. I was so excited to head to the PH pool on my recent trip to vegas. It's literallly 2 pools on the side, one for 18+ and the other for families. AND THAT'S IT.. . The area where we you walk in from is just rows of pool chairs and concrete. . I was SO disappointed. I think I only stayed there for about 5 minutes before leaving. Waste of time.
1star for location. I've stayed at their partner hotels and even though Ballys and harrahs are older - I've never had complaints!. . Room 1833 has stinky water faucets when turning on the hot side for tub and shower. Had to wait 10 min for the shower to heat up. The bathroom floors didn't look clean -saw smudges. I wore shoes the entire time because it just dint feel clean..  Een the remote control felt grimy!. .  . Not worth it unless you're getting the room comped for free. Tons of deals elsewhere.
I truly wanted to like this hotel primarily because of all the popularity ph seems to have. I went for my birthday weekend and it was the worst weekend of my life! I ordered a roll away bed because we were staying with some frirnds for the night and woke up with rashes all over my body I refuse to believe it was an allergic reaction the sheets were probably not changed  since god knows when. I called to ask for different sheets they said they couldn't help they were out!!! Finally after nagging all night and trying to talk to the manager  they brought some sheets at 1am!!  Also my friend lost his wallet in the room and I highly believe someone that was working took it because he used his key to get in.. I will not be coming back to this horrible customer service place and neither will my friends! But they don't seem to care about there customers anyway.
As much as I really wanted to like this place, I just don't. I know not to judge a casino by your wins and losses but dang, I spent A LOT of money in their machines and did not win anything. We stayed here 2 suites for 4 days for my 21st birthday. As I was playing on the slots and ordered drinks, the waitresses would just stand behind you waiting for a tip and if you didn't tip they would scoff, like out loud, so obvious! So rude I was so turned off by the customer service at the front desk the bars the waitresses it killed my birthday. :( Sorry I couldn't tip I just put all my money into your casino!! The customer service was horrible, I would never stay again.
We stayed at Planet Hollywood for a portion of our honeymoon.  I really regret it.  From the moment we walked in our room there were issues.  First there was a big wet spot on the floor (that by the time we left had started to mold).  There was no comforter on the bed, and when we called down they said they were in the process of changing the comforters and that the bed was "triple sheeted"  Well, I'm sorry but "triple sheeted" is not what I paid for and I was freezing all the nights we stayed there.  I called for a blanket that they never brought.  I have never met such rude bell men who just outright asked for their tip.  There are so many lingering items from when the hotel was the Aladdin that I couldn't tell what the theme was supposed to be.  We are very sorry we stayed there, and we will never do so again.  It is worth it to pay more for the details!  Especially on a honeymoon!!
What's the deal with mounting the pool cleaning equipment the wall in open view?  Don't these guys have a tool shed to keep their stuff??. . Why are there 2 pools but a boatload of chairs out in an area not even close to the pool? This place was so dead..
I have stayed here three years in a row and I do not think I will do it again any time soon. . . Lets just say this... nasty... There is a reason why the rooms are kind of dark and that's to make it so the jizz stains on the walls do not show. I am not joking... you could clearly see where the load was blasted across the wall next to the bed. . . I brought this to the attention of the front desk and they simply did not care. They moved me to a diff rent room but this room was worse then the last one. The finish on the tv stand was very worn and the room just felt grungy, I then notice another Jizz shot across the wall and a hand print! Freaking nasty! . . I get it, I am in Vegas and people like to be freaks when out here but whoa.. . So I go down for a second time and again get no care at all from the desk but they move me again. This time I see no loads on the walls or anything but still am a bit disgusted by the whole thing. . . I was in Vegas with friends and they were staying in other rooms. They had someone enter their rooms when they were asleep and steal stuff from them! (This is more then one room btw.) The management did not care, they even went to the point of not believing them. Management just pushed them around with BS responses. . . This is the single worst review I have ever left on Yelp but one of the most important. DO NOT STAY HERE!
This is a letter I sent to the food and beverage people at this hotel:. . I live in Las Vegas and I am an above average consumer of local shows, dining and casinos.. . I was at the same time appalled and amused by a low class "free drink" promotion at your burlesque show. We were given coupons to use after the show at the bar downstairs for a "free drink.". . At the bar, all six of us were told that we had to buy a drink and then we would get a "free drink.". . if you were on our side of the bar, instead of yours, would you consider this a "free drink" ? Doesn't this vastly expand the meaning of the word "free?" . . As there are classier places to spend our money than your club we intend to do so. I'm sure you will do well with the tourist trade and maybe sell a few drinks with this promotion.. . However one day you will get written up on the many travel sites that tourists read before they go to a city.. . No matter to us; there are so many other places to go to.. . By the way, I won't post this on a travel site as you may quietly decide that a few drink sales are not worth the potential for being rated as low as some of the strip bars in the area.. . I SINCE DECIDED TO POST THIS ON TRAVEL WEBSITES.
Are you looking for a hotel with mildew all over your shower? . . How about the overpowering stench of air freshener used to cover up stale cigarette smoke (in what was supposed to be a non-smoking room)? . . Do you love torn bed sheets and dirty glasses? . . Well then my friends, the Planet Hollywood Hotel is for YOU! . . . If the above sound appealing to you, you will likely also enjoy the following:. -Lamps that don't work. -Dingy, dark rooms. -Torn towels at the pool (some might consider the towels shredded) . -Questionable smudges all over the mirrors. -Bed linens that should be white but can only be considered off-white. -Missing pillows. -Bathmats that are taken and not replaced. -Leaky faucets with water stains all over the counter. -Hair that definitely isn't yours left in the shower. . This hotel was disgusting with a capital D. I ended up here because the conference hotel I was supposed to stay at (nearby) ran out of the conference room rate. Big mistake. HUGE. And to add insult to injury, I managed to get the stomach flu and got stuck in the dump for 2 days straight. There is no excuse for a hotel that charges these rates to be this dingy. NO EXCUSE. I don't expect 5-star service or crazy amenities when I travel. I just expect cleanliness. . . If I could give this place zero stars, I would. . . Do yourself a favor and find a room elsewhere.
I hate this hotel!!! I got denied the rate I booked online.  The rooms were far from the pictures on their website and a far cry from their new aesthete towers.  The cabinet doors either are falling or completely gone.  The wallpapers are torn, no coffemakers, no fridge, no free Internet access.  I took pictures as proof.  I booked 3 rooms and never got any courtesy adjustment from the bugs from their online booking.  The front desk was horrible web the manager.  They don't look at you and just stare at their computer.  I got embarrassed by these people in front of my visiting relatives in the front desk and when we got to the room.  . . I will definitely not stay in this hotel again and probably will not on any of the total rewards hotel.  I recently styed at the Monte Carlo and not only did they honor the computer glitch on their calendar rate (talk about goodluck).  The front desk even threw a free buffet for me and my wife.  When we got to the room, it was nice, clean and smells fresh too.  There's free wired Internet an a safe.  . . So next time, ask yourself this.  Would you stay at the hotel that is iffy or would you stay at the hotel that rocks?
WORST exprience I've ever encountered as a guest at any hotel. . . 1) Two words: BED BUGS. . First off let me say that I've worked in the hospitality industry as a guest service agent, so I understand what its like to be on the other side.. . The management team needs to be trained on how to deal with circumstances like bed bugs, which can easily start infesting new locations if they aren't eradicated correctly. . . My friend did call the "Risk Management" number that was given to her after we filed a complain. She was reimbursed $200, which is better than nothing, I guess.. . 2) ANOTHER issue that my friends and I had was the amount of different channels we had to go through for just a simple Lost and Found question.  . . We went to the Spice Market buffet for brunch and my friend left her sunglasses at our table.  She called directly to the buffet and asked if anyone turned in a pair of sunglasses and whoever answered quickly transferred her over to the lost and found office for the WHOLE hotel AND she was put on hold for about 10 minutes only to get an answering machine.. . Next day, after our bed bug scare we decided to go back to Spice Market and check if my friend's glasses were at the cash register. LO-and-BEHOLD in like 5 seconds they bring out her sunglasses. Seriously guys.... . Maybe it's because their a big hotel..I don't know, but I was not impressed with my stay here..  ________. UPDATE        11/13/12. . Its been about  2 weeks since I stayed there. BUT the weekend after I started to get these itchy bumps. At first I thought they were from fleas that my dog might've had. I've researched and even gone to a clinic to get the bites checked out. I'm now 100% positive that I got bit by bed bugs.. . 2 weeks and still have bite marks, NEVER going to another hotel w/out checking the room and bed EVER again.
Good riddance to this rubbish service and hotel.. . Tried to book a reservation over the phone for my daughter, but all I got was either being put on hold or passed back and forth from front desk to reservations.. I told reservations I am paying with my credit card and they insisted that my daughter must have my credit card to check in and then tell me that I should have booked 3 days in advance.
I am scared to go to sleep, I am scared to go to my room. . I checked in 4 hours ago and I walked down the GRAY, DIM and Red hall- remind you of anything....The shining... . There are exactly 3 lights in my room and I am staring at a prisoners outfit hanging on the wall. Apparently from the movie "bennie and joon" . There is also a little girls pajama inside a table- which is even creepier. . I am scared to take off my socks too... carpets are not in the best shape. i think the bathroom has mold growing between the tiles. . I was considering staying at the bellagio but did not because of their resort fee's, now I am wishing i had stayed at the golden nugget.
Husband and I booked a stay here for 3 nights and on the 2nd night they shut all of the water in the room down from 1 am to 3 am without even making sure that they left us a letter or notice. They said letters went out to the rooms,  but we didn't get one.  To our surprize we go to wash up for the night and there is no running water.  We call a manager and she's not even sympathetic.  I explain to her that we have a sleeping baby and we can't just move rooms. She doesn't offer us any compensation for the inconvenience and tells us that the water will be back on at 3am and that the most she can do is offer us two bottles of water complementary,  but no more than that. We are told that if we want we can walk down to them to get a key to another room to use in a completely different tower,  but it will take them 45 mins before they can come to us.  After all the inconvenience that we've had to deal with already,  really you can't send someone up to my room now? Horrible customer service!!! So after going down to them to get a key and back,  taking the elevator down to the lobby,  walking across the lobby in my pjs, to the opposite tower and then up to the 35th floor, I finally got to wash up 30 mins later!
I am guessing that the good reviews are phony because I was more than disppointed such as, a $15 daily charge to use my laptop. no coffee maker and the Starbucks downstairs doesn't open until 7AM. When I stopped two employees for information neither had a clue where the front desk was. Speaking of employees, this place has no security that I saw in 4 days and based on the crowd in the shopping area having cops around would be needed. Who ever entered the room to clean went inside of my suitcase. The bottom line is there has to be better rooms elsewhere where the gang bangers are not wall to wall.
I don't think planet hollywood even deserves one star at all. So first of all me and my friends have been staying here since friday night. On sunday the front desk calls and tells us were moving rooms because of an "emergency". The front desk did not explain to us what the emergency was. So we moved rooms and they upgraded our room. And we left to go out to a club that night. Then after we came back to our room that night; my friend noticed there was a switch blade knife next to the table by her bed. Then after that we checked all our stuff, both of my friends noticed their cash was missing from their wallets. Wtf?! The security guard came, took pictures, and took a statement from my friends. The front desk changed our room. But they did not refund our money or anything. All they gave us was coupons to use at a buffet. I'll never be staying here again. The rooms are affordable but I rather pay more to make sure my valuables are safe.
Terrible is the only word to describe our stay. . We stayed there last month and had a terrible experience. Slow check-in (Just key collection took over 45 minutes!), rude reception staff including the duty manager (who refused to accept that check in was slow!!!!!!) as well as getting over-charged, the hotel was awful. . I wouldn't recommend this hotel at all.
I would like to start off my review about this place by saying "NEVER AGAIN!!". This place should be called Planet Terror, not Planet Hollywood. . My boyfriend and I needed a place to stay for the night while we were in town. This place had pretty good rates and there was no resort fee, so it seemed like a no-brainer. Well, if we only knew! We get to the hotel, find parking and get completely confused trying to find the actual resort from the parking structure. We had to walk through the miracle mile shops and navigate our way to, then through the casino and to the front desk.. When we got our key and made it to our room it was a total nightmare. They put us in the BackDraft room, on the 22nd floor!! What genius thought of that?! I don't know about you but I don't want to think about a movie involving fires 22 floors up. The furniture was dark and oppressive, the window shade was broken and the shower was dirty. Thankfully I had my handy bottle of Lysol ready. The mattress was dirty and did not have a mattress cover, just a sheet folded over it. Needless to say, we slept on top of the covers. When I turned on the heater, a burnt smell came out of it and it started blowing cold air. I made a call to the front desk and a maintenance guy promptly came to the door to check it out. He said the thermostats are new, so to keep it running for 30 mins or so and it should heat up and he would be back to check. Well, he never came back and that damn thing stayed on all night blowing out cold air. You can bet we were up early and checked out with bells on. If that heater is on, I'm sure it still hasn't warmed up. Stay here if you like, but you have been warned! Just make sure you bring extra blankets and Lysol!
If I could, I would not give PH any stars.  WOSRT EXPERIENCE EVER!!  Shabby is how I would describe everything about this hotel.  First, my mom had USED hand soap in her room and we both had soap scum and grime around our faucets.  My room had no light on the desk, which made an already dark room seem like a cave and no garbage can in the bathroom.  Also, my mom's room WAS NEVER CLEANED!!  Not that it was very clean when we checked in.  On our third day, we were leaving the next day, we finally said something.  The guy working the front desk was very nice.  He toldus that complaints about housekeeping were QUITE COMMON!!!!  When we spoke to his manager, we realized that no one cares about complaints and things that need to be improved.  One of the first things he said was 'there is nothing I can do for u.'  Uhh, what.  When did we ask for anything?  We just wanted to let them know what was going on.  Honestly, I feel like our entire conversation with the manager was a waste of time because he obviously does not care.  Also, they do not offer late check-out, not even for a fee, so you have to book an extra night.  Seriously!  For how much I payed, I expected more.  I understand that it is not Bellagio or Venetian, but it is not a Motel 6 either.  The only good things were Earl of Sandwich and the 24hr Starbucks.
One word : HORRIBLE. 1. We checked in 40 minutes sooner, a person at the reception looked at us as if,why are you even here at this time, and offered to give us a room for $16 extra. I don't recall the exact amount, but it was not acceptable.. 2. Room was dirty, layers of dust, bathroom tile grout dirty, broken tile.. 3. They had a suit of an actor that has passed away, why would i want a suit of a dead person next to my bed?. 4. I called the management to complain, got an "i don't care attitude". We ended up leaving to a different hotel early morning. . ---. I have pictures to prove.
simply awful.  . . if you stay here, you either:. . - are new to vegas and got suckered in,. - appreciate filthy, subpar accommodations,. - are staying for free.. . we fall into category 3.  the wife and i stayed here one night, courtesy of her company (which we do appreciate).  but this review is of the hotel, not her company.. . our room was dated, filthy, and NOT smoke free.  the bathroom had nasty mold, crud in multiple crevices.  i should have taken photos.  smoke free floor?  yeah right.  it reeked of cig smoke ALL NIGHT LONG.  it was probably the fuckers staying next door.  the smoke was pumping through the heater vents all night long.  thank you!. . yeah, we could have complained but what a hassle that would have been to gather all of our stuff, move, hope for the best, etc., etc.. . the bed was crap, too.  there was a pleasant sinkhole right in the center of the old, tired ass mattress.  sure, i love sleeping close to my wife but not like we're sharing a hammock.  the pillows were so thick, hard and uncomfortable, we had to ditch them, too.  oh, and the closet was missing its doors.  wtf?  who the hell stole that shit?. . the two redeeming qualities of the hotel?  the starbucks downstairs and the pf chang's room service.  damn, we grubbed on some hot and sour soup and some variation of their deep fried, battered chicken in some sweet, spicy sauce after dusting off some macallan!  fatties!  seriously, though, if you can afford to stay somewhere else, don't short change yourself.
booked a suite for two nights here.. . the valet dropped my white jacket that was on the passenger seat on the floor, there was foot prints all over  my jacket.. i brought it into the hotel to complain about it, they offered to dry clean the jacket for me, which was the only thing i asked for.. the next day, i went back down to get my jacket...the jacket was in fact never dry cleaned and in stead was put into a plastic trash bag. they returned it to me still with foot prints all over and acted like nothing was wrong.. . I asked to talk to the manager, and a skinny African American lady came out from the back, and offered me $20 and told me to leave and go get the jacket cleaned elsewhere.. . i was nice and patient during the whole process, i only asked the hotel to clean my jacket but instead was being treated rudely. . . will never book from planet Hollywood again.
If I could give this Hotel a Zero I would.  I don't know where to start.  I had requested two rooms that were non smoking and connecting.  I called them twice in the morning prior to arrival to make sure they had honored my request.  Upon arrival I was told they had no rooms next to each other, and that the only rooms they has was smoking.  I cancelled one room and all 4 of us stayed in one room.  Housekeeping did not do a good job cleaning the rooms.  The bathroom smelled of urine and the sinks were filthy, not to mention the carpet was not vacuumed at all.  Pluming is definitely an issue.. To add insult to the injury, they broke my car key at the valet parking and said it was broken to begin with.  I spoke with the "supervisor" and was told that my key was already broken and that they are very honest (which made me the dishonest one).  . Long story short, I will never ever stay in this hotel again.. The ONLY good thing about this hotel is Gordon Ramsay's burger place.
Our room:The furniture was a very dark color which made the multiple chips in each and every piece of furniture stand out.  Next, I walked into the bathroom.  The shower was pretty ugly.  Old stained tile, worn drain, very simple faucet/shower head.  Definitely nothing special.  Then, I walked to the sink to check out the soap & other goodies that were provided and noticed a hair in the sink.  Ick!  Whatever . . . Moved on to the bathtub. Multiple pieces of hair in the tub!!!  Gross!!! Had to use the facilities & noticed yet another hair on the floor next to the toilet.  Either housekeeping is too rushed or just doesn't care.  . . At that point, we called the front desk to get another room.  This time we got an upgrade to a larger room.  When I looked in the bathroom of the new room, another hair (very long, dark hair) was sitting on the towel layed across the oversized bathtub.  The soap was placed on top of the hair so it was sandwiched between the towel and box of soap.  Did not bother to call and complain again, but did not use that towel, that soap, or that bathtub during our 2 night stay.. We saw the Peep Show starring Coco Austin. My husband and I liked the music.  I'm a big Coco fan so enjoyed seeing her, but the story-line is kind of cheesy & doesn't make much sense.  We saw the show previously when Holly Madison starred and it was completely unchanged years later.  I thinkthey could stand to update it a bit.. . The restaurants/bars: Ate at YoLo's, Planet Dailies, and the buffet.  Food was ok.  I'd give it 3 stars across the board for the food itself.  The prices were pretty high for what you get.  For example, a simple Reuben is like $13. That seems inexpensive however when you compare it to prices at the pool bar where my husband's Bacardi Diet Coke was $15.  . Speaking of the pool, there are 2 pools which have a very simple shape. Nothing special about them.  They are holes in the ground filled with water.  Even the Flamingo has a nicer pool.  I would also recommend Caesar's, the Mirage, or the Cosmopolitan pools over this one.  . . The spa:Not worth purchasing a day pass because there isn't much in there. It's old and the them is obviously left over from when this hotel was the Aladin.  This theme no longer fits this hotel.  The services do not follow the theme either like I have seen them do at many other Vegas spas.  Services are WaY Overpriced!!!!  Even for a Vegas spa.  Believe me, I have been to Qua @ Caesars & this is nowhere near as nice, but they still charge over $200 for a facial.  AnD . . . You are paying that much and the staff acts like they couldn't care less that you are there.  other than the "nameste" greeting you receive when you walk in the door, they do not make any effort to make you feel appreciated, special, etc.  . . Facial itself was excellent, but I was asked if I'd like to have microdermabrasion and glycolic application during my facial.  I said, "sure."  Next, she tells me it was going to be a $20 upgrade charge.  She asked if that would be alright.  I agreed because I was using comps anyway and already spending over $200 as it was so what's another $20, right?  Well, when I went to check out, the guy @ the front desk said the upgrade was $25.  I explained to him I was quoted $20, but he insisted it was $25 & that I had already had the treatment and that I would need to pay for it.  I tried fighting him on it one more time but to no avail. . . We came to this hotel with the intention of using our $1000 comp dollars so we charged everything to the room.  Our final bill for 2 days was $644.  My husband checked out while I was finishing up at the spa.  They told him our comps covered all except $103 of our bill.  They charged our credit card the remaining amount!!!!  What?!?  We should have had more than enough comps.  So, my husband tells me this when I get out of the spa as we are driving away from the hotel.  I couldn't believe it and immediately called to try to resolve this.  The lady on the phone said the same thing . . .   All comps on both our players club cards had been used.  I could not believe this.  So, once we flew home, I looked online today and I still had $430 left in comps on my card!!!  What kind of idiots do they have working there?!?!  So, I called again TODAY and finally got someone who saw the comps and agreed to refund the amount charged to the credit card and instead take the $103 out of my comps.  . . Such a stressful trip there was more frustration than fun.  My advice would be not to go to Planet Hollywood unless you want to be surrounded by a staff who doesn't give a shit that you are there from the valets to the bellmen to the waiters to the dealers.  They really don't care about you which is unfortunate since you are forking out a lot of money overpaying for subpar quality everything.  You would think that would at least buy you a little respect.
This is not a 4-star hotel . . . not even a 3-star hotel.  I can honestly say that I've stayed at better maintained Howard Johnson and Holiday Inns.  The rooms are dingy, musty smelling, and worn out.  They weren't decorated that well to begin with and they show serious signs of neglect.  I guess this caters more to a party crowd than anything else. . . First room we were given had holes in the wall where some artwork was supposed to be mounted, hairs on the pillow, and what felt like a grease spot on the carpet.  Second room we were given had holes in the bedding and smelled of body odor (well it was the He-Man themed room, so maybe they sprayed in the body odor scent).. . Other cons:  small window, bad TV channel line up and reception (who goes to Vegas to watch TV, I know.  Just pointing it out), andworn out towels.
Worst Hotel In Vegas! This is the Hotel from Hell! Hell I think The travel Lodge next door can do better. This hotel is so outdated in it's decor; it's still feels like 1982 in there. The room didn't feel clean and it felt like i was in a motel 6 room. You can hear people through the thin walls all through the night and you can hear the sirens and street noise from 37 floors up.  I checked in at 10pm and was up at 4 am and was out of there by 5 am and walked across the street to the Bellagio and stayed there and chalked up the other 2 nights I had left as a loss. This place is so Ghetto! Valet was absolutely rude. I get it it's MDW and you have a lot to do but lose the attitude. Never again.
First and last time I'll stay at Planet Hollywood.. . Stayed here with about 10 other girls for MDW. Since I never stayed at PH before, I always liked them solely for having Earl's and Fat Tuesdays. After MDW, I now know that's all they're good for. In short, poor customer service and very unhelpful.. . First off, we booked PH for a two bed room, but we ended up getting one king size bed. Annoying, but they did say they couldn't guarantee requests. Fine. On a quick random note, apparently all the rooms at PH have a different movie theme - ours was the Karate Kid.. . Our first issue with PH was that their rooms have the shittiest lighting ever. This is NOT ideal for girls that have to get ready to go out clubbing. Not only is the lighting not bright enough, but they just didn't have any lamps in the room! Even the desk didn't have a lamp, which we thought was strange.. . Our second night was a complete disaster. My friends and I were about ready to leave our room to go out clubbing when one of my friends informed us that the toilet was clogged and started to overflow, leaking onto the bathroom floor. We quickly called the front desk to notify them about the problem and they said they would fix it (this was around 9pm). We also made sure that it was okay that we were stepping out for the night and they assured us it was fine and they would fix it while we were out.. . A friend and I ended up coming back early because she wasn't feeling well, so it was around 12:30-45 when we reached our floor and were walking to our room. As we got closer, we saw a cart outside of our room. A worker came out and said, "Are you staying in here? Your toilet overflowed and started to leak to the floor below. We need to move all of your stuff to a new room." What. The. Fuck. We went into our room and saw that the carpet was SOAKED with water that probably had remnants of pee, poo, and vomit. Since a lot of us had left our stuff on the floor, our bags and clothes were soaked, too. EWWW.. . So, we had to move everything out and to our new room. Luckily, we had a bell hop help us, so that was nice of them since it was only 2 of us moving 10 girls-worth of luggage. When a few more of our friends came back, including the one whose credit card was under the room, she went down to go talk to the manager about the situation - making sure we didn't have to pay for the water damages. She came back up, pissed, telling us that the staff was very unhelpful and basically told her that they wouldn't do anything for us because they're already doing us a favor by not charging us for the damages. Well obviously we shouldn't be charged because it was not our fault. We did our duty as customers to inform them of a problem. Oh, I forgot to mention that when my friend and I first arrived at 12:45 that it looked as if they had just started to clean up the water, when we called them about it at 9pm. If they had tended to the problem immediately at 9pm, then there probably would only be water leakage on the bathroom tile floor, which is a million times easier to dry than carpet. Why they didn't tend to it sooner is beyond me, but regardless, we informed them so it is not our fault. Still,they would not do anything for us since clearly they see that they are doing something for us by not charging us for their fuck up.. . This whole situation really showed us their lack of integrity and they must not care that we're telling all of our friends (and fellow Yelpers) not to stay there. Aside from our whole toilet situation, I still don't like this hotel for its poor lighting in the rooms and their house keeping is pretty shitty, too. We requested to have more towels and blankets the first night and all we got was one towel and a pile of bed sheets.. . Thanks, PH.
NO PRIVACY from PH Housekeepers!! . . I just checked into my room, was completely undressed with my wife. Housekeeping knocks, I yell 'occupied.' They LET THEMSELVES IN with they key, I yelled 'occupied' again! They still poke their head in, because apparently it's room check time, and didnt leave until I yelled back to 'shut my door' and again, 'shut it now!'. . I call the from desk manager, and am left on hold many times for a total of 15 mins... Apparently the manager(s) are too busy to take complaint calls. Finally they transfer me to a housekeeping supervisor. I get a housekeeper, who refuses to give me her boss until I tell her exactly why I'm calling. When I finally do get the supervisor, in hit-or-miss English, she JUSTIFIES her employee's actions... Because it was room check time after all.. Says she will 'talk to her' though.. . I call back to front desk, another 10 mins, and manager is still too busy to speak to me at all. Rep notes how long the line is down there. That is MY problem that they can't handle a line, I guess.. . WORSE STILL: my friend George is in a nearby room. Had the SAME THING happen... But they didn't stop them before they came fully in the room. His wife couldn't get a manager either.. . Since you WON'T TAKE MY CALL... I would like a call from you, Planet Hollywood. Acknowledge this humiliating situation and make it right. To my wife... I'm sorry you had to deal with these awful people on your well-deserved vacation.. . . ******UPDATE: An update: I'd like to thank Robert, a front desk manager, for calling me to make things right. In a case like this with several different people dropping a couple different balls, it was nice to see that He reached out to make it a little better. Thanks Robert for helping make the rest of our stay a little better.
This hotel has the worst customer service I have ever seen in my life. The managers are a joke. Let me just sum it up for you folks... Firstly, managers are unhelpful and rude as well as the other employees, secondly the rooms are not nice and the shower is a joke. Anyway put in some more money and stay at Wynn or Encore even Mirage you cant go wrong... whatever you do AVOID PH because you will get the worst customer service of your life and to me if I am paying to stay somewhere I would except any respect from their employees ESPECIALLY managers.
DONT MAKE THE MISTAKE WE DID. I stayed here over the past weekend with my wife and a group of friends. When we checked out there was a charge on our room that neither my wife or I approved or knew about. I called the front desk and waited for over 20 minutes for anyone to answer only to be told they could not help and would transfer me to the Spice market Buffet where the charge was from. When they transferred me it was a dead line. NOT COOL!! called the front desk back, waited again, this time the took my phone number and said they would call me back. When they did call me back they just said that the charge was valid and that they could do nothing about it. I explained that i had signed nothing stating that there would be any charge to my room above the $200 credit on the room. I also explained that our room was never cleaned on Saturday. I was again advised that someone would call me back. They did call me back and state that they would refund another party of our group to "make it right". Not really sure how this helps me out at all. Bottom line is no refund has been issued and the additional charge to my card was done fraudulently! Planet Hollywood please call me and make this right!!!
Today,  PH confirmed that they are committed to the worst customer experience ever.  30 min wait for elevator, gratuity charged from buffet without authorization, and yet another maid coming into my room unannounced. . . Robert, a manager, credited me $100 F&B as a make-good for a maid barging into my room with practically unannounced. That was greatly appreciated... until the maid did the SAME THING the NEXT DAY with EVEN LESS KNOCKING! Do you have no decency, PH?. . Also, I'm writing this review because it looks like they deleted my original review from Facebook.... can't tell if my original Yelp review is still there or not.. . Planet Hollywood - you're a bunch of criminals, and your housekeepers have no boundaries. Never, ever giving you a dime ever again.
I come to Vegas more often than i'd like to admit.. I came and stayed in planet hollywood last month and exactly a year ago.. . The service was terrible both times.. Last year:. I was celebrating my 21st birthday and arrived the day prior.. Everybody with me went to apply for a Total Rewards card here which was located right next one of the entrances of the hotel so we all went in line together.. I was standing pretty far from the counter, barely in earshot and the lady asked if i was 21, "I said not until tomorrow!" and she shot me a dirty look and told me I couldn't stand there. Are you going to tell me go step outside into the scorching heat?. . This year:. Someone in my party was upgraded to platinum status with two free buffet passes.. We went to go redeem them at the TR counter and lo and behold, it's a different team of people and it's still unbearable.. There was no line, but it took us 45 minutes from the time we walked up to the counter and the time we left.. Dana is absolutely horrible, she began to work with us and my mom had some questions. Granted, her english isn't the best but i'm sure you work with a ton of foreign customers that have even more limited english. She was immediately rude right off the bat. Spoke with a pretentious tone and didn't even try to understand her question which really wasn't that difficult.. Immediately i grew a dissatisfied look on my face and one of the other employees noticed so she tried to make some small talk, sorry that's not going to help enough.. After she took 15 minutes to literally swipe our cards and turn my mood sour, we were turned over to wait on the side for someone to actually put the passes on our cards.. Julie walks out and is useless. She just stands there and asks some questions regarding an administrator key or card and also tells us to wait.. 20 minutes later a man walks out and helps out with the line that has developed, the asian guy now helping us asks him something and he brushes him off.. . after another 10-15 minutes of just standing there turns out the guy that walked out was the one with the key needed to work the ONE computer they have that can add the passes onto our cards.. There counter was fully stocked of useless employees, he could have taken a second when he walked out to help us and another pair of people waiting to get passes loaded before helping with the line, but that would only make them useful.. . The room is a standard vegas hotel room, none of them are bad, this one is pretty modern.. I'd still prefer to stay at caesars where the service is phenomenal and have various pools to lounge it.. DON'T COME HERE FOR ANY SERVICE.. It's also one of the buffet's worth skipping.
We stayed at the the Planet Hollywood for the July 4th weekend, the rooms were not bad, the bathroom was huge. The casino is pretty decent, they have gogo dancers at the BlackJack tables, and from 9pm till midnight there was really awesome cover band playing at the bar. The Spice Market buffet was really good. Also the hotel is walking distance from Caesars, Bellagio, Aria , Paris and other great Casinos and attractions. Great location and the rooms rates were reasonable. . . But that is not the reason this hotel gets a 2 star from me. Our room was on the 7th floor, on the 2nd night we woke up to the sound of fire alarms at 3AM. We rushed out to the corridor and we ran into a lot of sleepy confused people in the hallway, some people were trying to take the elevator to the ground floor... bad idea... we tried to stop them.. but they went anyway. Almost the entire floor rushed down the fire exits to the safety. We  then walked to the checkin counter and alerted the casino staff that the fire alarm just went off... they seemed oblivious to the fact, they did not even know that their hotel fire alarm just went off. We found out the fire alarm was set on the 7th and 8th floor, so there were hotel customers from both floor trying to tell the hotel staff that they need to check it out for fire. The hotel staff at the checkin did not seem to be worried about it. Few people claimed that they saw smoke on the 8th floor, finally one of the cleaning ladies said it might be a false alarm. The hotel staff still did not want to even acknowledge that the alarm was tripped much less there is possibility of a fire! After a while some of us got tired of waiting around for the hotel staff to respond  to our requests and we went back to our rooms. The fire alarm had stopped by the time we got to 7th floor. I think the staff responded in the most irresponsible and negligent manner. I am never going to stay at the hotel again, they have no concern for their customer's safety.
If I could give this place any less of a star I would do so. So biggest thing to make this place not worth the land it is built on is that they  first, GAVE ALL MY INFO AND MY ROOM BILLING INFO for both of the rooms that I had booked under my name only to another person. This in turn caused huge issues in our group, we actually had a huge blow up in the lobby due to this. Second, they allowed another person in our group to go and check into a room that I was told was not ready to be checked into WITHOUT ME BEING PRESENT and WITHOUT ME EVEN BEING AT THE PROPRTY. Now I don't think I am an expert on privacy laws or occupancy and identification requirements, but I believe that this is something that is illegal or against the law, not to mention I would also think this would be against hotel policy. I am actually getting legal counseling for this and am looking into what I can do about a situation like this. ANYONE OUT THERE CONTACT me if you have any info you can share.. . Let's get to the hotel. Bathroom doors were broken, out of the 3 rooms we had 1 had a fridge, power plug to the desktop computer area didn't work(which is not a big deal just have to mention it all), and how in the world can you have a hotel now a days that doesn't have an ipod hook up(either to the tv or clock radio) to play music. Also we asked for 2 glasses to the room to use for drinks and they charged me $10 to use an extra pair of glasses. This the first time I have ever had a hotel charge me to use some of their glasses. I could have gone and played cheap slots and ordered free drinks that would come with a glass. . . Now to the pool. When I walked out to the pool it was nice to see all the space that it had. But then I kept walking looking for some pools to go into. And kept looking and low and behold finally found their pools. When I saw how small and horribly bad these pools were I thought I would kill myself. But after looking at how packed and disgusting the water was in the pool I figured if I want to do that I might as well get in because that disease filled pool could do it for me. This is definitely one of the, if not the worst pool I have ever seen.. . I can keep going on more and more but my hands are tired and I don't want to waste any more of my time at the moment. If you want to know more get in touch with me.
If I could give this place any less of a star I would do so. So biggest thing to make this place not worth the land it is built on is that they  first, GAVE ALL MY INFO AND MY ROOM BILLING INFO for both of the rooms that I had booked under my name only to another person. This in turn caused huge issues in our group, we actually had a huge blow up in the lobby due to this. Second, they allowed another person in our group to go and check into a room that I was told was not ready to be checked into WITHOUT ME BEING PRESENT and WITHOUT ME EVEN BEING AT THE PROPRTY. Now I don't think I am an expert on privacy laws or occupancy and identification requirements, but I believe that this is something that is illegal or against the law, not to mention I would also think this would be against hotel policy. I am actually getting legal counseling for this and am looking into what I can do about a situation like this. ANYONE OUT THERE CONTACT meif you have any info you can share.. . Let's get to the hotel. Bathroom doors were broken, out of the 3 rooms we had 1 had a fridge, power plug to the desktop computer area didn't work(which is not a big deal just have to mention it all), and how in the world can you have a hotel now a days that doesn't have an ipod hook up(either to the tv or clock radio) to play music. Also we asked for 2 glasses to the room to use for drinks and they charged me $10 to use an extra pair of glasses. This the first time I have ever had a hotel charge me to use some of their glasses. I could have gone and played cheap slots and ordered free drinks that would come with a glass. . . Now to the pool. When I walked out to the pool it was nice to see all the space that it had. But then I kept walking looking for some pools to go into. And kept looking and low and behold finally found their pools. When I saw how small and horribly bad these pools were I thought I would kill myself. But after looking at how packed and disgusting the water was in the pool I figured if I want to do that I might as well get in because that disease filled pool could do it for me. This is definitely one of the, if not the worst pool I have ever seen.. . I can keep going on more and more but my hands are tired and I don't want to waste any more of my time at the moment. If you want to know more get in touch with me
Planet Hollywood is a lipstick covered Aladdin hotel. Although the rooms seem upgraded, the cleanliness and overall up keep was terrible. We were there for 2 nights and had to switch rooms 3 times. Last thing you want to do is wake up in the morning and not be able to shower because the drainage system doesn't work and your ankle deep in sudsy water and grim. They told us we had to wait to switch room until the evening. After insisting with them to switch rooms immediately they did only to find out our next room was filthy. Hair and grim on the bath tub, shower and toilet bowl, food crumbs in pillow cases and dust bunnies everywhere. In addition the sinks didn't drain properly again. So ended up switching to another room late afternoon, wasn't clean again but we were fed up. They offered to waive a $40 resort fee but when check out came there was no manager and the agent didn't honor the $40 resort fee waive. Honestly it wasn't worth it, a cheaper hotel on the strip was not worth the hassle we went through for a clean room. Id rather spend the extra $$ and go back to Bellagio, Venetian or any of the newer ones.When I tried to complain at checkout they told me all the managers were busy and that I could call in and a manager would try and do something for me.  When I called the next day, the manager Roberto said that there is nothing he can do.  Really? I'm sure if he stayed in his own hotel and had to switch 3 separate rooms they would have comped him or even made his stay more enjoyable.  This hotel is the worse one I've ever been to on the strip and the way they treat their guests is terrible.  Never go to this hotel.  It's not worth it.
Rude Valet. They are THEEE worse people. You must not want me to gamble or eat here because of the 3 days I was in Vegas your valet was CLOSED (only available to those staying or Diamond Club) I came here for Earl of Sandwich and for the big 6 wheel gambling. I had to lie and say I was staying here so I wouldn't have to shlep in the 101+ degree heat to spend MY money !
I have been coming to PH for years, they have along the way allowed me to work my way up to a diamond tier VIP for the last 2 years. You accumulate points for each dollar spent in PH as well as when you're playing at its sister/brother casinos. They used to be an great spot to go stay as well as play, well... that is all in the past! I would advise you all to stay away from Harrah's, that includes Ceasar's Palace as well as Planet Hollywood when it comes to rating. Casinos overall expect you to lose your money , in return they give you  player comps , free rooms, shows, food.. . PH does the worst job of rating players. Giving them an inadequate play to bet and time ratio, therefore cheating the customers out of any possibility of future loyalty ever again as well as advertised tier credits, reward points, and promotional offers.. . When I caught onto this I called PH general manager , his response was polite and affirming that it would be corrected , the very next month or so they fucked me and moved me  down from diamond tier to the lowest..  . . . . Thanks Harrahs , Thanks to you I can spend time when I'm at Las Vegas at MUCH better resorts such as Cosmopolitan and Palazzo!!! . . PH food.. does not offer much inside. . . EARL's of Sandwhich is the best spot inside. Strangely I cannot get sick of it.. . They also offer a deli/cafe inside and a PF. CHANGS. . . FOOD 3/5 (would be a 1/5 if it were not for Earls). . Rooms are each decorated with a special theme based on the individual movie it is cosplaying with. . . I would say overall the casino is smokey and not clean.. UH I once had bedbugs in one of the rooms. They settled that matter quickly and called the right people to handle it.. . ROOMS 2/5. . I would have to rate the service of the casino hosts 5/5  especially from TRACY ,. she is one of the busiest hosts there but she still manages to give some time to assist and make my trips as great as possible, and always does it with this huge smile.. . Last but not least. Pit boss.1/5. One point only cause you have to stand while you work and at times you guys dress slightly attractive.. . Minus 4 points cause you guys DO NOT know how to fairly rate your customers.. The job of a Pit boss is to ensure the players and dealers are fairly going through play at each table.. as well as fairly rating players.. . My experience with PH would have been excusable had it been a one time thing, but re-occuring circumstances made me believe PH's pit bosses are just lazy and it is not worth it for ANYONE to play there anymore. Take your business elsewhere because they do not rate players fairly.
STAY AWAY FROM THIS HOTEL.. . Let me start off by saying that this hotel was my favorite place to stay at during my trips to Vegas. I've been coming to this hotel for 3 years now and I never had a problem with anything until this year.. . I stayed here for EDC weekend from June 20th-24th. My friends and I went out drinking on Saturday night and woke up hungover the next morning. We decided that we needed some soup to feel a bit better before hitting the strip for the day so we ordered some hot water from room service (my friend brought some instant noodles in case we weren't able to get out of bed and make it to the restaurants, and he was right). When we called the line for room service they kept hanging up on us. This went on for about 10 minutes until we decided to call the front desk. When we called the front desk we were on hold for about 20 minutes until we were finally able to get through and order some hot water. The water came after a few minutes and we made our soup. We put the pot of water on the table and went on with our lives for the day. The next morning my friend was thirsty and didn't want to go down to the store so he poured himself a cupof water (from the same pot) and the water was disgustingly yellow. We tried to contact the manager at the front desk but we were told that she was in a meeting and would call us back... We never got a call back after waiting a few hours. So we decided to pack all our belongings and get ready to check out.. . As we were packing my girlfriend decided to count the money that we set aside for the hotel payment and she realized that she was short $300 dollars. Before anyone starts to think that one of the people staying with us could've taken it, let me clear that up now and say no. We are a very close group of friends that aren't shady like that. So anyway, we tried calling the front desk again and we got the same "I'll have the manager call you when she's done with her meeting" excuse. She never called though. Instead, I had to call and make a claim with hotel security and they had to review  the evidence to see if their hotel would be at fault for any suspicious behavior. This case went on for about two months until I finally received a letter saying that they are not responsible for theft and would not be refunding us back the money. I'm very disappointed with the review for our case because all the evidence lead to housekeeping taking the money. I mean, my girlfriend only left her bag in the room (accidentally) unattended twice and this was during the time that housekeeping would make their rounds. . . When I go on vacation I like to stay at places where I can kick back, relax and feel at home. I don't get that feeling at planet Hollywood anymore though. I feel like if I were to ever stay there again (which I wouldn't even if this hotel was the last place standing on the strip) I would have to constantly watch my valuables. I don't recommend this place at all. There are better hotels on the strip that are about the same price as this one. The only reason why I think this place deserves one star is for location. It's right in the middle of everything so you won't have to worry about taking a taxi or driving everywhere.
This hotel is the worst!!!!. . Right now it is 11:19 pm, I am here for a convention, so not by choice. I have my wife and 4 year old grand daughter with me. The noise in my room is at a peak of  83 decibels from the concert across at the Cosmopolitan. . . I paid 185 for a Jr. Suite with a view of the fountains at the Bellagio. No one told us, warned us, or hinted at the noise. Called the desk, no help, no concern, they got there money and that seems to be their only concern.. . Called the police, not about the pool party but the noise level, we are across the strip, 21 floors up and again a max decibel of 83. Somebody at the county must have well lined pockets to allow this night after night. Shame on you.. . Stay away, if you expect to get any sleep. This is Tuesday night, was the same on Sunday, quiet Monday. It is getting louder.. . NAC 484.150 Noise emission standards for operators of vehicles. (NRS 484.6101). . 1. No person may operate either a motor vehicle or combination of vehicles of a type subject to registration at any time or under any condition of grade, load, acceleration or deceleration in such a manner as to exceed the following noise limit for the category of motor vehicle based on a distance of 50 feet from the center of the lane of travel within the speed limits specified in this subsection:. . Speed Limit of 35 mph or of Less ..... 86 dBA. . Speed Limit of More Than 35 mph.... 90 dBA. . God forbid I have a loud car!  BUT IT IS OK TO BE JUST ABOUT THAT LOUD IN MY ROOM!. . Also in Nevada construction standards say the walls of a structure must attenuate the sound at least 20 decibels. So factoring the lowest legal attenuation the noise out side must be at least 103 decibels.. . So do not drive by the cosmopolitan on a loud bike, or you could get a ticket.. . I have an idea. To prevent this, get a room at planet Hollywood, bring your bike up, rev it all you want it is OK with the staff and yes, no ticket, actually no one will hear it above the noise in the room.. . REALLY PLANET HOLLYWOOD YOU SUCK,!!!!!!!!!!! Run away from this one.. . Nothing you do can offset the bad service and underhanded way you deal with customers!
The rooms are so gross and dirty.  I got a skin infection from it.  Really needs updating a  good cleaning.  Very outdated.  Difficult to find anything in the hotel (mainly the gym).  Stay elsewhere.
The WORST hotel.. . We stayed here for Halloween weekend and boy was that a mistake! We booked last minute so it was hard to find good deals on hotels. Luckily, we found Planet Hollywood, which was cheaper than most hotels. I wondered why it was so cheap compared to the rest and I later found out why. We've been to Planet Hollywood, walked around the miracle mile shops and have even stayed at our friends' hotel tower suite. Since we liked what we've seen so far, we thought, "Hey it can't be that bad". Boy was I wrong. When we booked the room, I specifically asked for a non-smoking one king bedroom. They failed to reserve me that room and said all their non-smoking rooms are all booked and that they only had a 2 queen non-smoking room available. I was a little irritated because they gave away my reserved room. Anyways, as soon as we went up the elevator to our floor (8th floor), I knew already that this was going to be a dirty hotel. There was trash on the counter right when we got out the elevator, stained carpet, stained walls, and white powder-like stuff on the floor. I was scared to find out how our room would look. So we finally got to our room and as soon I turned the light switch on, there was a two second pause until the light started flickering. It had a little eerie feel to it like a haunted house. Then I took a closer look at the actual light on the ceiling and the light cover was halfway falling off covered in old dust! I was shocked to see how someone could've missed this. I then walked into the bathroom and turned on both switch (light and ventilator). In no surprise, the vent wasn't working. I took a closer look at the vent and I was DISGUSTED. The vent was concealed in what looked like an avalanche of dust. It was FILTHY! I opened up the shower area and the shower tile floor was old a dirty with dark stained lines in between the tiles. Then I looked up at the wall and noticed pubic hair! Gross! I thought it was a small crack at first, sothen we washed it off with water to check if it was pubic hair or a small crack and sure enough it came off! Grossed out yet? Yep, I was ready to vomit at this point. I then went to the little toilet room, tried to close the door and it wouldn't close all the way. Oh but why, you might ask...the door latch was missing! I looked at the walls and noticed mold growing through the wallpaper...ugh. I was done in the bathroom so I went to the bedroom. The bedroom looked ok. Old movie props displayed as decorations. No mini fridge and a very tiny window overlooking the roof of the parking lot, I believe. Awesome, right? So on to the bed...my boyfriend slept shirtless for the first two days and started noticing small bug bites allover the trunk of his body and his back!! Omg... I don't even want to know what little creatures were crawling on the bed. So after that, he started wearing long sleeved shirts to sleep. . . We didn't bother trying to get another room because well...we were already so tired and lazy. We didn't want to have to lug all our stuff down the lobby and wait in line just to tell us that they have no other non-smoking rooms available. Whatever. So, it was checkout time. I had my boyfriend call concierge prior, just to check my balance. My balance seemed a bit high so I had them tell me what my charges were. Everything seemed right EXCEPT for the internet charges. Prior to connecting to wi-fi, I called the front desk and asked how to connect to their wi-fi and if it was free. She said, "Yes it's free as long as you pay your resort fee". I asked the concierge why I'm being charged $13.99 three times. She told me it was because I logged in to wi-fi using three different devices. I argued that no one informed me about this so why should I pay for it. She started giving me an attitude and said she'd take one charge away as complimentary. I kept arguing that I'm not going to pay for the two other wi-fi charges and she continued to give me attitude, which got me furious. I got really irritated and started to voice out how sneaky these extra wi-fi charges are. The man at the front desk didn't inform me, the lady on the phone didn't inform me, nor did the little packet that we get upon checking in inform me of this sneaky little additional fee. Additional charges for logging on to different devices is bull****. . . People, please don't stay in this crappy, sneaky, and dirty hotel. It may be convenient because the shops are just downstairs, but if you're looking for a comfortable, clean and descent hotel, STAY AWAY FROM PLANET HOLLYWOOD. You can bet that we'll NEVER EVER be staying here again.. . Oh and to prove that I wasn't lying about the room, I took a few pictures. Enjoy!. . P.S.. Just to be clear, we stayed in their regular rooms, (specifically the 8th floor), not the tower suites.
My boyfriend and I usually stay at the Cosmopolitan, but since we were meeting friends in Vegas who were staying at PH, we decided to stay there as well. I was hesitant, but the rates were much cheaper, so I thought "why not?!?". . Now I'll tell you why that was a mistake:. . We arrived a few hours before check-in, but we assumed we could check in early because we always do at the Cosmo. Right here I quickly learned that PH is nothing like the Cosmo. The man checking us in informed us that it would be an $18.60 charge and kept trying to convince us to stay in a room with a better view for $20 more a night. We decided to stay in the room we booked, which turned out to be a total dump! . . The room itself was on a "non-smoking floor." I put that in quotes because the entire floor smelled like smoke for the 3 nights that we were there. Clearly no one enforced this "rule." By the time I left, I had a sore throat and a headache from all of the smoke.. . When we got into the room I thought "this looks familiar!" The reason it looked familiar was because I had stayed in the same room 12 years ago when it was the Aladdin. Not much had changed in 12 years. The decor was not very "Hollywood" at all. (I know Hollywood, I lived there for over 10 years...) The faucets even still have the genie lamps on them! The "Miracle Mile" mall looks like the Middle East (again, the Aladdin decor has not changed there either.). . Our friends had a huge suite with an amazing view, but unfortunately the view was the only high point. The room felt old as well; definitely not worth the price of a suite.. . This hotel needs a major upgrade and remodel. Hopefully Britney's upcoming shows will bring in enough cash to allow them to do so. The one thing I learned from our trip: just spend the extra money and stay at the Cosmo. It's clean and modern and the staff treats you like royalty.. . And don't even get me started on the $20 per night resort fee! It's ridiculous that we had to pay that since we weren't using the gym or the internet. The final price with the extra fees would have allowed us to stay somewhere much more upscale. Wish I had known that. Total disappointment!. . One final note: we had to cut and design our own "Do not disturb" sign because they didn't give us one. Is paper that expensive these days? I should not have to do graphic design work while on vacation, especially when I'm not getting paid for it!!!
Really very disappointing experience. . .  I got to the hotel at noon. They wanted $28 extra to check in before 3pm.  I refused, so I walked around the mall for a few hours then came back to check in.  No big deal, rules are rules.. . The casino doesn't look like anything Hollywood.  It looks more like an abandoned set from a Beck video.  Leftover 70s glam, with the gold and rounded rectangles.  . . They only offer free internet for only one device.  So I can use Wi-Fi on my laptop, but not on my phone or iPad.  Even McDonalds has free WiFi, I don't know why a big fancy hotel wouldn't.. . They don't have any premium channels on TV.  Just Spike and Comedy Central.  This is Vegas, so you shouldn't be watching TV anyway, but I'm here onbusiness so I am not going to be out partying.  I've stayed in dicey-ass weird motels in New Mexico that had better cable than Planet Hollywood.. . But all of that was fine.  Cheap room, crappy amenities, right?  Well..... . As I walked up to my room, the cleaning ladies were still in the hallway.  There was an empty 12 pack box of Pabst sitting in front of my door.  Nice, huh?  A sign of things to come.. . Both the sheets and the comforter were stained.  There were huge 4" long orange dog hairs all over the room including on top of the comforter, and there was a weird Velcro mustache or something rolled up and thrown in the corner.  When I called to ask for new bedding, I got some attitude, and a comment that if there are extra people staying in the room they're going to charge me extra.  Nope, just me.  I didn't want EXTRA blankets, just CLEAN ones.  Just one person who doesn't want to sleep on top of someone else's stains and dog hair.  . . I've stayed at some really gross dive motels that were cleaner than this dump.  Pick a different hotel.  Do yourself a favor.
This was my favorite casino in Vegas. I spent thousands of dollars every time I stayed there. Last visit I literally lost my shirt. When I checked out, I forgot to check the closet. 30 minutes after I left the hotel, I remembered it and called the front desk. I told them that I am a diamond club member and I forgot my shirt in the closet. They took my information and told me they were going to contact the house keeping people and called me back. After 2 days not hearing from them I called them and I was transferred to the "Lost and Found" Dept. I was shocked and angry when they told me that "It's your words against the house keeping people who cleaned the room". Whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat.??? How would you like to hear that.  Today I received a letter  from their third party insurance co. CCMSI stating that P/H is not liable. . I think PH should apologize for it. I spent thousands of dollars each year to keep my "Diamond" status in the casino. Just because a customer forgot something in the room does not mean that their employees can keep it. It says a lot about PH and that the housekeeping employees have no ethical conduct and cannot be trusted.. Happened to me a few years ago when I was in MGM property. You know what they did? They sent all my stuff back to my house by priority mail.. All I am saying is be careful leaving things around in the room.
If you don't want to pay for Valet or the valet is full - have fun walking a mile from your car into the hotel to check in, and hope you don't forget something in your car because you have to hike all the way back and then back again.  It's layout is horrid, it is just the essence of excessive property size and forced marketing making you walk by all the shops just to check in and then leave or any time you want to take your car out again.  NEVER AGAIN. Oh wait - there's more - you pay for internet use PER device - not for the room - bring a portable router to get around that.
I'm not sure what Planet Hollywood was thinking when they changed the name from Aladdin.  Around the hallways and guest rooms, the decor is still very much Aladdin themed from the carpets to the wallpaper.  The only real difference is the addition of a hollywood movie or character in each room.  We had the Steven Seagal room, and Steven Seagal's long underwear hanging in a case on the wall is not exactly impressive or spectacular.. . This hotel is NOT family friendly.  Two words "Pleasure Pit."  Glad I didn't bring my daughter.  I get it, scantily clad girls dressed in lingerie dancing on tables next to the blackjack tables, distract the card players or keep them at the tables to part with more $$.. . About the room itself.  It did have a decent view of the Paris hotel and related Eiffel Tower and Paris balloon as well as the Bellagio fountains but that's where anything good about it ends. The carpets were so dirty, all of my white socks were turned black on the bottom from walking around the room.  Housekeeping was quite inconsistent in replacing our glassware.  The grout in the shower was disgusting, the wallpaper in the room was peeling off the wall, the sink was cracked and to top it off, dirty laundry from a previous guest was still on the floor next to one of the chairs in the room - which leads me back to the inconsistent housekeeping and very dirty carpets.  Btw, that dirty laundry was still there when we left Vegas several days later.  The switch on one of the lamps did not work properly, it was loose and had to be pushed on to get it to turn and actually work.  One of the floor switches was either inoperative, or the light it was attached to didn't work.  Room amenities were lacking.  This is probably the first time in at least 15 years or more I've stayed in a room that didn't have so much as a coffee maker in the room.  No coffee maker, no microwave and no mini fridge.  I guess Holiday Inn does have one up on ph.. . Ice machines - for the majority of our stay, the ice machine on our floor did not work, nor did the ice machine on the floor above us.  My bride & I had to spend a significant amount of time finding a working ice machine on another floor.  The one on our floor was finally working on the last night of our stay.. . Not sure when the casinos in Vegas stopped accepting coins in the slot machines.  My bride & I had planned on playing the quarter slots, so we brought some rolls of quarters with us... but the quarter slots only take cards or dollar bills now.  Sorry, ph, we went home with our gambling $$.. . Parking is not readily apparent or visible upon coming up to the hotel.  We did eventually find it, but the hotel parking is actually a 1/2 mile walk through the miracle mile shops to get to a public parking garage.  One is free to use the valet, and the hotel claims it is free, but keep in mind, be prepared to tip.  Not only was parking hard to find, so was hotel registration.  It took us about 20 minutes to finally find the desk to check in.  We were about 4th in line, and there were at least 3 people working the check in counter... it took us 1/2 hour to even get up to the desk.  Not sure why the lack of efficiency.. . Stimulus overload.  Party and club atmosphere 24/7 - how about a little down time, give my senses a rest.  I don't need club music every time I get in an elevator.. . Smoking is still allowed in the hotels here, and let me tell you, as an ex smoker, I cannot stand the smell of an ash tray, much less smelling like an ash tray after I've walked through the casino.  what gets me is when I ask for a non-smoking room, and the floor is clearly marked non-smoking, there are still ashtrays in the hallways on that floor and it still smells like an ashtray.. . For a "4-star" hotel, I have a hard time even giving Planet Hollywood "1-star"
Just got riped off by the hotel. When I made the reservation I was told  that the pet cost additional 50 dollars per night per day,  by the shift manager. When I checking around late night they charged me 100 additional in total. Since it was too late in the night and tired, I decided to let them rip me off. Even the manager is not liable what next. Be cautioned when made reservation.  Will never stay again
For the amount of money that goes to this hotel and casino, you'd think that they would be proficient in finding you an answer. I called the box office to answer questions I had on tickets for a show. They stated the box office opens at 10am. I drive down there through traffic. Get there just to find out they don't open til 12pm. Wait til 12pm in line. Then they tell me the specific box office opens at 2pm. Just a complete waste of time. Dread wasting money in this establishment or any other Caesars Entertainment group property. Very disappointing.
Location is good but that was about it. Price is comparable to other lower mid-end hotels on the strip.. . The bad: the room is old, not enough light, don't even have a coffee machine for us to boil water. Hot water in the shower takes forever to heat up. One of the cabinet doors fell apart right after we checked in and started to inspect the room.. . The ugly: we asked for repair to the door and explicitly told them we would not be around the whole day so please came by to fix it. NO ONE came when we got back @ 11pm. And we found out there was no housekeeping done as well! Called and complained and after 20 min no one showed up, we called once more and they came to cleaned the garbage and gave us new towels, etc. after another 10 min. Also there are $20 resort fee which I had no ideas about. The hotel lady just said oh there should be some notes about additional fees needed ... and she called that a mandatory fee which includes local calling (who needs this nowadays when we all have mobile phones?) and wireless internet for ONE device ... ONE device only!!
Do NOT eat here my husband got food poisoning.. My husband went to ceasar's and had lunch at Plant Hollywood he ordered a turkey sandwich with fries sounds harmless, well later that day he got the worst case of food poisoning that landed him at the ER.
The only thing this place has going for them is the Britney show. Best show I've ever seen. Would come again for the show but not to stay at this hotel. I've never witnessed so much incompetence and straight lack of brain cells in one vicinity ever. Would not stay here again. Going to stay at Paris next door next time as it is convenient and very close walking to the Britney show and most likely are more technologically advanced to have an mp3 connection in the room. I hope I remember where I valet because driving to this hotel is confusing as f#%k.! Giving one star because it won't let me hit the next key to proceed and enlighten the world about this recent hotel experience.
Reviewing just the hotel rooms.  . . What they have going for them is the Miracle Mile, Earl of Sandwich, BurGR, and location.. . I've been spoiled by the likes of Vdara and Cosmo, and am staying here because I got a great package deal on Southwest. Knowing how cheap I got it, I was fine with the idea that PH is not going to be as nice. However, I wasn't prepared at how filthy it would be!. . Resort Room #1: I was disappointed at how yellow, dark and dingy the room is. The lights are very dim. Hand prints all over the windows. Remote didn't work. The "Hollywood" relics looked like it was just randomly placed in the room. I asked to be moved toa different room.. . Resort Room #2: It didn't get any better.. - Unidentifiable and suspicious stains on the window. It was evident that the efforts made to clean the windows were half-assed (like wiping it once and leaving half of a handprint still visible with streaks).. - As I was taking a bath, I noticed something green floating around me. Looks like an old sponge from the previous guest. Ew.. - Black, mold-like substance around the bathtub drain.. - scuff marks and chipped paint on the dressers and bathroom sinks. . . Please train your housekeepers to be more thorough with their cleaning. I would have been way happier to have a late check-in into a clean room.. . Also, the parking lot is the same as the Miracle Mile Shops which is a big trek to get to your rooms.. . Conclusion: . Dirty rooms. Would not touch with a 10ft pole. "Hollywood theme" is an exaggeration.  It's a shame because they have prime location, a mall, and great restaurants.
