although it may look like a groove place from the outside my first visit will be the last. . . sad to think that so many people think this place is good. . . Food was below average, service was OK but i asked for my drink and got it 20 minutes later. i use to bar tended so i understand how busy it can get but wow! they didn't even care that it happened
We were first ones here for lunch...and kids eat free so I figured why not . I ordered forbidden rice w chicken...it arrrives raw! I had to search for a server and she removed the chicken from my plate...again we wait...and wait...it never came before my meal was finished.  Ha to find another server to ask tjey cxl chicken at this point and just bring bill. They tried to ofer it to go! No thanks...wanted it as part of meal...we will not be back.
To start off... BOOOO!!!. . I called in and made an 8pm reservation for 3 people. My daughter and I were meeting my husband up there, we were in separate cars so the arrival was going to be staggered by approx. 10 minutes. I checked us in for our reservation at 7:48pm at the hostess stand and the hostess said they would seat us when my husband arrived. My 3yr old daughter and I had to wait outside. This was no big deal as we were about 10 minutes early anyways. I did however express that I would like to put in my daughters order asap so the sooner they could seat us, even if my husband had not yet arrived, the better. She needed to eat and I would have liked a starter and a drink while we waited for my husband to join us. Any how, we waited until he arrived at 8:00pm and I was given a choice of two four top tables, one was upstairs and one was down stairs. I chose the upstairs table for convenience as I have a little one and it was a bit quieter up there.. . They sat us at our table, gave us our menus and left us to choose our starters, drinks etc.... Who I thought was the waitress, thinking my order was going to be taken, ends up being the hostess who returns about 5 minutes later and proceeds to ask us to move to a 2 top that is right next to the table we had been seated at. As there is 3 of us I was a bit confused, she said there had been a goof up and that the table we were seated at was reserved for a party of 4 that had not yet arrived but would be coming in in the next 10 minutes. I'm pretty taken back by the situation as I had an 8pm reservation for 3 people and was already seated. She then started saying that I only had a reservation for 2. I  asked her to check the reservation book as it should clearly show that I called and made a reservation for 3 at 8 pm. She said rudely that I had done some sort of  web check in for 2 and never even went down to check the reservation book. . . At this point I'm just baffled at how someone could be arguing with me about something like this as they had already seated us and did not seem to have this issue when I arrived or when they seated us. So she is still asking us to move to a 2 top when we are still clearly 3 of us. Then she says we would have to wait for another table unless we moved to the 2 top. I then asked her again if she would go back and check the reservation book. At this point I was still willing to over look the weird situation at hand but was not willing to be moved to a less than accommodating table. The other hostess then returns and goes thru the whole thing all over again making us feel just awful, my head was spinning and the situation became awkward and even more so uncomfortable. Finally after the rude, disrespectful and aggressive treatment I asked the young lady if she would like us to leave so the other party could be seated when they arrived. I think she finally realized how nonsensical they were being and snidely said no that's OK, but I hope you enjoy your dinner and huffed off. . . My husband and I had had it and decided to leave. No restaurant has that great of  food that any one should ever just accept this kind of treatment. I looked around and there were a few other empty 4 top tables that we could have either been moved to or that they could have placed the other "non present" party at. No matter how good the food might have been, the meal we never got to order was already ruined. We have heard mixed reviews regarding the food here but wanted to give it a try any ways. Bad Idea.. . We live in the area and regularly frequent many of the restaurants in the neighborhood and have never, I mean never been treated with such disrespect and horrible unforgivable customer service. I can not even begin to describe how disrespected and demoralized we felt. So on our way out we let the manager know that we would not be staying and that they could take their table and give it to whom ever they wished.. . We were walking to our car and this lady is chasing after us trying to apologizing for the mishap. We were clearly really upset and unhappy with this awful situation. I told her that it was a little too little too late and I let her know we did not wish to have a conversation regarding the situation. She insisted that we talk with her and she would not stop trying to speak with my husband, I finally had to ask her to leave us alone. I mean really, we are not happy, we left and are completely disgusted at what had occurred and she continues to ramble on like it is going to change what had just taken place.. . All I can say is what happened to customer service?? And just because a restaurant is busy at the moment and appears to be doing well it does not mean that their employees can treat their patrons with such blatant disrespect. I have seen a lot of restaurants come and go over the years around here, some have had really good food, some not, but not at any time have we ever encountered this kind of treatment.. . We will not be returning here.
Went last night as I'd heard good things. Was very disapointed. My Pork chop was dry and generally average and my friend had a flatbread which was so dry he could barely finish it. . . My friends beer come out warm and my $8 glass of wine was a meagre 4oz, not 6oz. When we complained the waitress said that it 'looked that way because of the glass'. I know how full a glass should be. . . To add insult to injury its pricey. Definitely will not go here again.
If I could give no stars, I would. .  I made a reservation for my best friends birthday brunch for Sunday at 1130 for 8.. When we arrived the hostess informed us to have a seat on the patio and she would let us know when the people ahead of us were done at the table. Fine. We were seated at 1150. With a reservation. Are you kidding me?. Our server came by after about 5 minutes and took our drink order, she returned with said drinks, (7 of the same drink) after 20 minutes. 20 minutes after this she returned to take our food order. Then we ordered another round of $9 drinks, when the drinks arrived 15 minutes later, mine was forgotten, but was brought after another 15 minutes. A little more than an hour after we ordered our meals arrived, but not my crispy fingerling potatoes. (which is my favorite thing) When I asked for them, our server said they would be out in 2 minutes. When I was finished with my meal, they were brought out.. We were here for 3 hours! 3 hours! No one asked us if we wanted more drinks and frankly, no one was friendly.. I will NEVER come here again.
This restaurant used to be a fine, fun, place to frequent, however, after today, 5/26/13 this place is a haven for self absorbed arrogant host, waitstaff, and management.  We were treated rudely by the host to start with which is really a red flag to leave immediately. We were the 4th couple to be seated for breakfast after waiting in the sun for 20 mins. in the sun, while others came thru the back way and got service immediately. We ordered as soon as we could and waited 40 mins with promises ever 10 mins that our food would arrive soon...that never happened.  Everyone around us was having a grand ol' time eating while we waited patiently until we finally got the message  and fled. The waiter had no remorse and just avoided us. Though we cannot prove that we were sabotaged by waiter and host, it sure looked suspicious. The manager was sweet and tried to be helpful, but just too late. She is naive regarding the inefficiency of this restaurant, and very naive about her staff. I really don't believe this was the kitchen's fault. Someone needs to talk to the nasty host we had. If you are the owner, please have the fortitude to reply to my message. . . Just because you were on "Dinners, Diners and Dives," in Jan. does not give you the right to experience a big ego.  I rate this place a DIVE!!!!
I stopped in today since I was driving by. I was seated immediately by a friendly young lady. I had plenty of time to look over the happy hour menu. Seven minutes after being seated I still had not been offered a glass of water or drink. As I was walking out I noticed what must have been the chef and a majority of the wait staff huddled in the corner. Hope your meeting was worth it, because you have lost my business for good. No plans to return.
It was girls night out for us and been wanting to try this place.  I ordered a chicken dish and  took a bite and noticed something didn't taste right.  I pulled it out of my mouth and found a string of metal!  I returned the dish and complained to the waitress.  She looked at it and said, 'oh it's probably just the piece from the sponge they use to clean the pots!'   By then I was completely sickened by the fact she said it was from a sponge!  They didn't charge for the dish, but won't go back because I'm a complete germaphobe!  . . Ugh...feel like throwing up just writing this review!
