Nobody likes a downer but all I can do is relay my experience. Every restaurant has an off night but this was pretty disappointing. I've been wanting to eat here for a couple years and we made the trip from the east side all the way to downtown. Sat down and were immediately greeted and I ordered a beer. The server walked away and came back about 5 mins later and asked us if we were ready to order sans beer. As soon as he asked us if we were ready to order you could see that he realized he forgot the beer. No big deal. I work in a restaurant and am very patient as I understand that sometimes shit happens. We order a bottle of wine and a salad and 2 pizzas. He says he'll be back with the beer and the wine and we are totally patient at this point. After about 15 minutes we are still sitting there waiting for our drinks. I can see the bar from where I'm sitting and there is no beer or wine in the service well so it's not like he is too busy to grab it he just never rang any of it in. At this point we look at each other and on cue both stand up and walk out. Ive never done this before but everybody around us honestly looked at us like they wished that they had done the same so their experiences couldn't have been any better. I'm not gonna bash this place and say that it's horrible but I'm just relaying my experience and I won't be back. Personally I'll wait the 3 hours at Bianco where I've never had a bad experience..
For the past year and a half, it seems like every article, TV program, and person I know who raves about pizza in Downtown Phoenix that isn't at Bianco has been telling me that I must try Cibo.  "It's amazing! The food is fantastic! The service is wonderful! They're so friendly there!" they all cry with passion.. . After my experience tonight, the only things I can think of are either (1) I somehow entered a parallel universe around that block and entered a different Cibo, kind of like that episode of "Star Trek," or (2) every one of those sources from my first paragraph is full of beans.  Given that no one working in the restaurant had the necessary Evil Spock-esque goatee, I'm going to assume the latter.  Lest you think I'm being too negative about this place, let me say this: Cibo is definitely a place that serves food.. . We (there were three of us) came in at 6:45 on a Friday and were able to get a seat within 5 minutes, even though the patio and inside were both packed - score!  It was a table tucked away in a corner, which we felt would be good for keeping ambient noise to a minimum,. . After scoping out some of the food at the other tables, it was determined that a shared appetizer and two pizzas should have been enough for the three of us.  We chose the Schiacciata Maremma, which, besides being impossible for me to pronounce, was described as a roasted vegetable on focaccia-type sandwich, and the margherita (traditional) and funghi (mushroom) pizzas.. . The sandwich came first, and we thought that the order may have been put in wrong.  While it was definitely two pieces of bread (that looked and tasted nothing like any focaccia that I've ever had, and not in the good way) with stuff in the middle, it seemed to be missing half of the ingredients.  Billed as being filled with "mozzarella, roasted bell peppers, eggplant and zucchini," we discovered that there was neither eggplant or zucchini anywhere to be found.  Additionally, the whole sandwich was cold, depriving us of gooey, melted mozzarella-y goodness.  We would have complained to our waitress, but she had disappeared, deciding early on to abandon our table after taking our order, serving every other table in the section except for ours.. . When the pizzas came (brought by a different waitress), things looked up.  THIS is what Cibo is known for, right?  Quality pizza with fresh ingredients!  Tasty, simple pizza.  Maybe it was a bit TOO simple.. . The margherita pizza was a disaster.  The sauce was thin and runny, tasting like the tomato water left over from the can after the tomatoes were used to make the actual pizza sauce, with a lot of salt added in to attempt to cover for the lack of actual spices and seasoning.  The basil was haphazardly thrown on top, most of it still attached to one sprig.  I suppose that if Cibo was billed as an interactive cooking and eating experience, I might have appreciated that a bit more.  After the first slice was eaten, I figured that maybe I had grabbed a bad one (which can happen sometimes with pizzas), so I tried a different slice from the other side of the pie.  It was cold already, and quite soggy.  Since Cibo makes their pizzas with those "brick oven blisters" on 'em, this means that the remaining slices all had that watery charcoal flavor that tastes like the cooled-down grill you licked on a dare while drunk last Memorial Day.. . The funghi pizza was passable.  The mushrooms did a good job of hiding a lot of the issues (mainly the sauce) that the margherita pizza had.  It too, however, decided that it should freeze up like the surface of Hoth (sans tauntaun innards) after the first slices were taken.. . Fifteen minutes after we'd decided that we were done eating soggy pizza, our server decided to stop by our table again.  After all, the folks who were seated ten minutes after we were had completed their dessert, so she realized that she should probably see how our meal was going.  Drinks that had sat un-refilled since our appetizer was served were topped off without warning, and she walked away again, our napkin-covered plates still waiting to be picked up.  "Do you want any dessert..." she muttered in an almost muted tone after a different waitress cleared our table.  We said no and asked for the check.  Seven minutes later, she remembered to bring over the check.. . We paid in cash and got the heck out of Dodge, wondering how so many people could have led us wrong, how the place stayed so busy, and if maybe, our taste buds had betrayed us.  After all, the denizens of the Arizona Republic, Yelp, and even "Check Please! Arizona" had vouched for this place, to say nothing of our friends and work acquaintances.  We decided that there's a massive conspiracy going on, and Cibo has either paid you all off, or laces their food with hypnotic suggestion drugs to which we are somehow impervious.. . The food is bad. The service is awful. Stay away.
I really hate to dis this place. I've eaten here once before and the food was good, but this review is solely based on my recent experience and the horrible service we had. . . We arrived for lunch on a Friday at 11:45. The weather was gorgeous so we opted to sit outside. There was one table of about 8,and several others with 2-4 and a number of empty tables. We recieved our drink orders and as we were discussing what we were going to order, our waiter, who was rushing all around, quickly wrote down what he overheard us discussing instead of asking us what we wanted - we had to interrupt him to make sure he was writing down exactly what we wanted. He seemed to be very rushed.. . As we waited, and drank our water & tea, we didn't see much food coming out to any of the patrons. The hostess came by & told us she'd get us some more water & tea. We never got it, although we saw her fill up water glasses at a nearby table. Another table nearby got their food. We kept looking at our watches wondering what was taking so long to make a salad and a sandwich. Still no drink refills; still no food. . . After 35 minutes since our order was placed (and close to 45 minutes since we were seated) and no food or sign of the waiter, we decided to leave. We went in to pay for our tea and tell them we had to leave - we were on a lunch break and needed to get back to work - and we still needed to grab a bite to eat! The waiter came over and said - "Sorry, everybody's waiting." Do you think he could've at least stopped by our table and said the kitchen was behind or offered some explanation why it was taking so long??? Obviously that never occured to him.. . This is a cute place and a lot of the people who frequent it at lunch during the week work in the downtown area. Not everybody can take a 2-hour leisurely lunch!! When I got back to the office and shared my experience with some co-workers, so many said they had similar experiences - that they would never go back, no matter how good the food, because the service is terrible. I can't believe this place hasn't figured out how to serve lunch in a timely fashion - other eateries in the area certainly do.. . The food may be good, but if you don't get it, it hardly matters. I won't be back.
We went to Cibo last night, our service was awful!! We were seated and waited ten minutes for a glass of water. Many of the tables around us were seated after us and received their food before us. Our waitress was just beyond rude, and would not even look at us when taking our order. . . The food was only ok, and the worst part of it was four of us got food poising! . . I have heard great things about Cibo, but our experience was horrible!!!! I will not be back!
Pass on this place.    We have a condo about 10 blocks from Cibo's.  We've visited 4 times over a 5 year period, continuing to try and think it would get better each time.  But every time we order over the phone for a pizza, we want to pick up, we're greeted with any kind of unpleasantness.  It's almost like "hurry up we don't have time for you". Then when we go to pick up the pizza, we walk up and stand in the doorway, waiting for someone to greet us with some kind of "May we help you"  No, we are ignored and continuing standing there while 5 min's roll by.  I ask where we can pick up the pizza and am told to go over to the bar, or go stand over there or what is it you need?  Every time, the pizza has been cold and it's nothing to brag about.  We live in California and have many pizza places.  Everyone here seems to want  business.  I guess take out they don't want, but offer it.  The pizza is nothing special.  they just throw some cheese on it with a little basil and very little sausage, which we asked for extra with the tomatoes. By the time we get to our car the pizza dough is super soft and the food slides off it.  I would pass..  We did eat there inside once 3 years ago, service is not great. Food was slow to get to us and well we just didn't enjoy it.. If you can travel over to Oregano's, now  there's a pizza is mmm!!!
We have a condo in vacation condo in downtown Phoenix.  Have tried Cibo's on 4 occasions since 2009 because friends keep telling us how wonderful it is.  I really do not know what they see in this restaurant.  We are still looking for a place that has a decent pizza!  The wait is usually long hard to find parking and service well service needs some work!  We have had to sit for at least 10 to 15 to even have the order filled.  The pizza is a small artisan style pizza with a little cheese thrown in places and well no taste.  I had sand in my salad and told the server.  She said, "sorry" took my food and forgot us!  We asked for the manager and no one came so walked over to another server and handed them what we thought our meals cost and walked out.  We will not recommend this place.  We've been to a lot of pizza places in our life and this place is nothing to brag about.  No longer will anyone talk us into this place again.
Not sure what all the fuss is about this place. I have eaten real pizza in Napoli. My husband lived in Italy for a while and I'm from Brazil. We like fresh authentic food. This place is cute, nice atmosphere. Service was ok, we waited a while to be seated even though they were not busy. Took several minutes to get us menus. We ordered a white pizza and a margherita pizza. Both were OK only. I found the crust hard and dry. The desert menu had only nutella products... . . The taste was blend for the most part. You could not taste quality or freshness out of the pizzas and appetizers we had. The taste was Americanized for sure. . . The menu had a huge selection, kind of overwhelming. Nothing special about the food or the place, over priced actually. The pizza sauce tasted like a can product. We will not be coming back. We will keep POMO Pizzeria as our place for good pizza. To add, the place is a bit too dark. The live music outside was nice but we wish the guy had a better sound/voice so we could try to enjoy being there. The kids liked though. Other reviews that say this is a good place they never tried Pomo yet. Side note, this is NOTHING compared to Pizzaria Bianco or Pomo. You can compare Pomo and Pizzaria Bianco, not this place! This place was all looks and show, nothing else.
Food was 3 stars.  The service was 0 stars due to Evon, our server, asking me after the meal was over why I only tipped her $5 for a $57.38 bill.  I gave her an extra $2 in cash but felt that she really did not deserve anything.  She was short with us and did not smile once.  We had 2 adults and 3 kiddos in our party.  She made us feel unwelcome and very uncomfortable.  James, another server, on the other hand was very friendly and even gave us a tip on a great ice-cream place to try out.  I gave an extra $2 for him.  I WILL NEVER EAT HEAR AGAIN AND WILL TELL ALL MY FRIENDS TO NOT COME HERE.  You make ok pizza in a quaint old house and I like your venue.  Please retrain you staff to not ask customers why they tip the way they do.  It is called a voluntarily gratuity for a reasons and I do not feel like I have to justify my tips and be interrogated.  VERY UNPROFESSIONAL.  i AM VERY SURPRISE FOR A PLACE AS NICE AS THIS.  We visited on Friday, April 12 at 12:57 PM I paid with my American Express card no. 233098. Thanks for reading.
I'll try anything twice, that's always been my motto.. . While the staff is very kind there is a hint of disdain.  Perhaps it was my "Bearded for her pleasure" shirt.  I actually enjoyed everything about this restaurant, except for the food, atmosphere and service.
A beautiful decorum does not make for their terrible pizza.
Sadly this place is nowhere near as good if go around 2pm in the afternoon. 4 waitresses all just sat around the bar eating, speaking Spanish and we couldn't get service at all. Had to turn on the fans ourselves, keep getting up to ask for refills etc... Not good!. . Happy to fix review when they fix screwing up our company lunch that cost us $240
