This place is extremely overpriced.  The service was ok, but I don't understand how you can charge $14 for a PBR in a brown bag with a shot of Jack.  That is criminal.  I had the $18 buffalo burger which I could hardly taste because the bun was so gigantic and the fries tasted like had come out of a frozen bag.  I will not go back to this PUB.  There much better places to eat in Vegas.
I really hate giving these types of reviews but when its  that bad.... . It was about 3pm on a Saturday afternoon there was a goodamount of people in the place, but it definitely wasn't busy. Even though it wasn't busy it still the the lady behind the bar took forever to get me a menu and even longer to ask me if I was ready. I ordered my beer, I ordered my food then sat there for about another 45min. . . Finally when my food came it looked amazing and all of the bad that just happened didn't matter.... until I bit into my burger. It might as well been made from a solid block of salt, it was that salty. When I say that I'm not exaggerating when I say this, I've never had anything that salty in my life. . . I ask the woman for the check (I didn't ask them totake the food back) she noticed I had only taken one bite and at least took it off my bill (without my asking). At least she tried to make it right but it was too late. I was starving to begin with, and I left just as hungry.... . It sucks because my local friend said it was a good place to grab a burger, just not for me... not that day at least. Maybe I'll try it again but not any time soon.
I didn't have a good experience at this restaurant. First, I think the name "gastropub" is thrown around a little loosely these days. I noted a few items hinting at creativity, but mainly the menu is bar appetizers, burgers and some British food. Creed and Maroon 5 on the sound system, and enough "flair" on the wall to make you feel like you are in a British TGI Fridays, not a hole in the wall British Pub. . . Went for lunch and the place was not packed at all. Despite seeing several servers walking around, waited a good 10 minutes for a water and a menu. The following was ordered: buffalo burger medium, substitue horseradish sauce instead of bleu cheese, and sweet potato fries. 35 minutes later (place is almost empty) food arrives by a different server who puts it down without saying anything and walks away. Food consists of a small patty of well done meat on a very large, somewhat burned bun. I am not sure of there burger weight, but putting it on a bun twice the size does not help with any sort of illusion. Large hunk of bleu cheese, but no horseradish anywhere to be found. No one is around and I am starving so I scrape off the cheese and just eat it. Anyone who has had buffalo understands it has a different flavor than beef. I cannot verify this, but I am pretty sure I DIDNT have a buffalo burger. . . No one checked on me even if I had wanted to say anything. The next time I saw my server he was delivering my unasked for check. . . This "pub" is exactly the reason I avoid chain restaurants whenever I can. . . Since I want to be a little nice, if you do want a good beer selection (and even some ciders) this place might be up your alley. Also, the sweet potato fries were good.
The food and service were horrible and the restaurant was half empty. I have eaten at other Todd English restaurants and really enjoyed them, so my experience at PUB is even more appalling because of the comparison. The only redeeming features was the extensive selection of draft beers and a great, fun atmosphere.
Overpriced crap!. . Experience:. The staff was very friendly.  I loved the ambiance and decor.  However, I don't go to restaurants for the ambiance and decor.. . Food:. They do a great job on the sides, but fail miserably on the main entree.  I ordered the following:. . 1. Bison burger- they put way too much blue cheese, it over powers the burger.  I had to cut off the top of the patty, because it was making me nausea. 2. Steak tacos- the steak was over cooked, which made it too chewy.  The grilled corn and black bean mix was really good, but I don't like spending $20 for corn and beans. 3. Side of mac and cheese- great, but it takes a lot to mess up mac&cheese. 4. Chicken parm sliders- decent, but nothing special. . Overall:. I tried this place 3 times, because I really wanted to like it.  Unfortunately, I would have to say 3 strikes and they're out!  . . For the price I expected more, not crap bar food I can get from Uno's Pizzeria.
Where else can you find a $32 pitcher of PBR!  served by a pretentious bartender?   The prices are ridiculous and the service isn't too good either.  Even happy hr isn't worth it.  Didn't even get to the food whats the point.
Food is expensive and tastes like @$$. I seriously had better food from swansons microwaveable dinners. Plus the beer is very expensive and you get barely any. Way better places out there.
Went here to have some lunch and finish watching football last Sunday. Service was poor... waited 10 minutes after being seated. My wife  left and came back with the manager. Our server cut them off and said " I'm ready to take your order"... Should have left then. Food is OK, service is ... ridiculous
Well, that was disappointing.. The 4 of us are looking for a spot for dinner in Vegas. We've been wanting to try Todd English for over a year so we decide to meet up there. . I walk in and stand for at least 5 minutes without a hostess being at the front. Eventually both hostess come back together and I am not joking both ignore me as I am standing 2 feet away, with a line behind me. Thankfully the (executive?) chef comes by and all of the sudden the hostess see I'm standing. We are then seated. . . Upon examining the beer list on the menu/chalkboards we still have a few questions so when our waitress comes by we ask her about the "trappists" beers they carry. The menu just says Rochefort, and I ask her which of the Rochefort's she carries but she has no idea. After checking she comes back and tells us it's the Rochefort "8" (which by the way is the worst of the three that the brewery makes, why would you carry that one). So we decide on Dechutes The Abyss instead. For some reason she only rudely asks for my ID, even though my friends and I are all the same age, watch out ABC. 5 Minutes later she comes back and informs us that they are all out of the Abyss...of course...  Since the rest of their beer list is very boring and unoriginal I'm forced to order an Arrogant Bastard. My friends order their beers and she runs away as I am trying to order Appetizers. I flag her down and order some sliders and pretzels. Our beers come out and I immediately know that beer I ordered is wrong. Its much much darker than it is supposed to be and tastes nothing like the Arrogant Bastard. I try to find my waitress but to no avail. So i set my beer on the edge of the table, fully untouched, but she ignores it. A food runner drops off our "toasted"pretzels and they are stone cold. Worse than any pretzel I have ever had in my life. I place our untouched pretzels with the beer at the edge of the table praying to God someone will take them away from us. But of course they never do, and I am forced to sit staring at them.. . The sliders and fries were actually pretty good, but they use Heinz ketchup, which is a big no-no for any gastropub. . . As we sit hungry and thirsty we decide that our dinner will have to take place somewhere else. Its easily an hour since we walked into the Pub and our waitress hasn't taken our entree order.  She then comes by and asks us how everything is, when there is 3 untouched beers and the pretzels at the end of the table. We simply ask for the check and she leaves without saying a word. She then brings the bill and drops it off without a word. With our dishes still waiting to be taken away. We pay the bill and leave.. . I will never return to this place even though I love the concept and am in Vegas all the time. This is an extremely poor rendition of a gastropub. Hire some employees that actually care about what they are doing. Don't brag about "you don't carry bad beers like bud" when you actually DO carry terrible beers that are just as widely distributed as bud. I would not describe them as a craft beer bar.
The one star is for the lobster rolls, which were quite good. For the rest? I walked away both unhappy and queasy.. . Start with the beer: we visited PUB right after it opened and left without ordering because they were out of my first three beer picks. Tonight? Same story. Also could not make the first two mixed drinks my husband requested, but finally managed a vodka tonic.. . I ordered roast beef sliders. The roast beef was just ok, but the bread was dry, hard and cold. I also ordered a side of fries, which were served dead cold. Our server did go and get a new, hot order without argument, then brought me a bottle of ketchup (which you have to ask for because only plebes want ketchup?) absolutely crusted with old, hard ketchup.. . The last straw was the drunk guy who decided to sit at our table for a chat. After I chased him off, the waiter came over and commented on it. After. Thanks. In a 1/4 full restaurant, I'd love a little more monitoring from staff.. . I'm sorry that I didn't take the time to ask for the manager and complain, but I really wanted to be on vacation. If you're also on vacation, choose NobHill (MGM) or Sensei (Bellagio) or even Todd English Olives (Caesars) for MUCH better food, and the same unexciting beer selection that you eventually discover is available at PUB.
This follow up review is from approx 2 months ago....haven't been back since and don't plan on going although it's 1 min walk from me.. . Had a few friends over for Thurs night football...after we wanted to grab some food so we headed downstairs to Todd English Pub (despite my previous review decided to give it another shot and try the food too).  I live right above this place (at Veer) but avoid it in general.. . Shared 3 items, fish and chips, sliders and one other (can't remember so it couldn't have been too memorable).  Fish and Chips were good, but not worth $18.  Everything else was just overpriced bar food.. . My friends were amazed at the $10/pint prices, so we decided on a pitcher of Spaten for $35 to try and get more for our $$.  NOT SURE IF IT'S MORE SAD/SHOCKING/HILARIOUS THAT ONE PITCHER = 3 PINTS HERE!!!  SO THEY CHARGE YOU AN EXTRA $5 FOR THE PRIVELEDGE OF POURING YOUR BEER.. I'd love for a manager to contact me and explain this to me!. . Service was friendly but rushed...what's the point?  The place is never full anyway so why rush your customers?  They tried to take our food away several times before we were done.  . . Avoid this place.  Hit the Burger Bar at Mandalay or sadly even the Pub at Monte Carlo is better :(
Based off some other reviews, I think we may have just had an isolated bad experience, but we nonetheless had a bad experience.. . First of all, nice beer selection.  Great happy hour specials. For a place claiming to be super knowledgeable about beer, the quality beer was served far too cold.  Not to sound like a beer nerd, but good beer shouldn't be served so freezing that I miss much of the taste and smell.. . Our waitress was, well, not nice to put it diplomatically.  She was clearly overworked, but she ignored us repeatedly for unknown reasons.  I gathered she got forced to work later than expected, but well, these things do happen.  The waitress also seemed to suggest I was stupid when I politely declined her suggestion of another beer when she said the beer I wanted was not available (she recommended a beer that was not comparable).. . I suppose I might give it another try given the good reviews, but it would be tough given the service and beer situation.
Service beyond bad. 13 people behind the bar and crap for service. I've been a bartender....it's not rocket science.
Absolutely the worst food i've had in a long time.  I'm surprised, because of the location, how they can actually put out flavorless food and unfresh produce.  There are a lot of talented chefs in las vegas, maybe Todd English should think about hiring some of them? (or at least let them add flavor to the corporate recipes?). . My bf got the grilled chicken sandwich, which had a big giant bun, and a small, flattened piece of flavorless chicken.  I originally ordered a chopped salmon salad, but when it came, no salmon, and the rest was wilted iceburg lettuce draped over the sides of a bowl with chopped tomatoes and cucumbers inside.  We also got some kettle chips and blue cheese type of appetizer that was inedible as well.. . Would give four stars to our server.  I can't remember his name, but he was a trooper.  I saw another table complaining about their food as well, so i'm sure its not his first time.  He tried to accommodate us, but there was really nothing he could do. . . The red sangria was tasty.... so, i'll give one star for that.
this place should be replaced. It's in the new Citycenter development between 2 great hotels and its far from par of its surroundings. First of all, I felt that they didn't have a big selection of beers and that disappointed me from the start. After we waited a while to get our food, most of us were pretty disappointed with that as well. I could barely eat part of my shepherds pie, another person at the table didn't enjoy their burger (seriously how hard is it to mess up a burger), and it seemed that most people didn't even finish their meals. The only person who really enjoyed their meal was my girl friend with her chicken pot pie. This place has Vegas prices but the quality falls far behind. Todd English needs to learn how to cook good (English) food and improve the quality and quantity of the beer selection.
Horrible place. Wanted to always try this place and did with a horrible time. The venue looks awesome and the people were ok. But the food is horrible!!! the service so so. So we got seated at a regular booth for 4 people but we decided we want to sit on the table with a keg installed so we can pour our own beer with their tap. We ordered:. Corn dog puppies: i can buy them at walmart and put them in a oven myself (F). Spicy crispy chicken wings: really how can you serve this? (D-). Beer battered onion rings: its hard not to go wrong with fried food. (C+). Sliders:  nothing great (C-). Brown butter lobster rolls: i would of expected at least average (D-). . Food was horrible!!!. . Next the whole time while we were ordering and eating and waiting our keg broke and they had a guy fix it the whole time we were ordering, eating, trying to drink. so we had a party of 5 because of the worker. . . What did Todd English PUB employees and manager decide to do when I complained?. . "Hey Im sorry, how about a 4 cups of beer?" Thanks but F off.  . . Will not come back. A really nice venue but failure in their food and service. . . Isnt a restaurant a place to eat good food and have a good time with friendly workers? Especially at their prices come on now
Don't waste your time or money!  You will easily find something better.   Overpriced.  $11 for glass of beer.  Poor and slow service.  15-20 minutes between each siting of our server.  Nothing tasted fresh. . . Duck buns were too salty.. Sliders: buns were dry and beef was flavorless.. Fish and chips was nothing special, have had much much better and paid far less.
Honestly the worst experience we had in Vegas.. . Waitstaff was SUPER slow. It took us an hour and a half to eat sub par food.. . My girlfriend ordered a salad to start and beef sliders. I ordered the Carvery - beef brisket on sourdough.. . An hour after we ordered, drinks long gone and waitress nowhere to be found the food shows up. No dressing on the salad.. . Sliders were bland. Meh.. . The Carvery 8oz of brisket and 2 pieces of sourdough that they couldn't be bothered to toast, and 2 minuscule little sides of sauces - (you get to choose 2) was underwhelming. How bout some fixings, tomatoes, lettuce, what not to maybe make a sandwich? It also came with some gross pickled veggies.. . BOTTOM LINE: Skip it and do tapas next door
First off we get there right at time it opens we were seated and got our drinks.  We ordered. And waited and waited.  Nothing. And waited.  Nothing.  Finally we flag our waiter down and he's like I'm so sorry ill go check.  As we look around everyone who came in after us already got their food. No worries they will get it.  So we finally get it. It was cold.  Like it was sitting out for over 40 min (our wait time after ordering).  So we tell the waiter he apologizes. They bring it back.   Still cold. We decide we can't eat this and we ask for the check.  The waiter asks us if we are doing good and Howe food was we tell him and he apologizes. The manager comes and apologizes and comps our meal . It looked good but too cold to eat. Maybe we give it another chance one day but not right now.
Do you enjoy being ignored?  By nearly very employee?  Standing at the door having numerous employees look through you as they saunter by to lean against the bar to have a chat with the bartender?  Finally having to ask someone about seating and being told, before 11 pm on a Saturday night, that the kitchen is closed?  Me neither.  So this isn't a review on their food, it's a review on the utter disdain their employees have for their customers, or in this case, a never was, never will be customer.  My husband grew up in Vegas, we've been back here frequently to visit family and have eaten at a number of restaurants in every category from hole in the wall to 3 star Michelin and I can say with utmost certainty it was the worst experience I've ever had.  Meh.  With such limited late night dining in the deserted Crystals, I imagine PUB will go the way of Beso in five, four, three.....
Horrible Experience! We sat at the bar for dinner. The bartenders were soooo rude and arrogant. We asked if they could change the game on TV, he laughed and made fun of us. Then we were eating their peanuts and the second bartender came up and scolded us for dirtying their counter top. We decided notto tip them and as we were leaving the bartender angrily crumbled up the paper and threw it in the trash! Really? We are local residents and we have choices... On the way out the manager tried to buy our dinner, but that wasn't the point. They ruined our night...
Sat at the bar and had the worst service I've ever had!!!!! This place is so overpriced its a joke!! The only good thing is the cheap oysters.
Came here on a Friday night for an early dinner before a show at the Cosmopolitan Boulevard Pool.  Sat outside on the patio and was instantly greeted by our server... so we thought.  We ordered drinks and never saw her again.  Had to ask the hostess after 30 minutes if we could order some food, because our complimentary popcorn was not going to be sufficient for a night of drinking.  Our food order was taken by another server who stated there was a shift change and she would take our order for our server.  Our food was then served by another server (still not ours) who we asked for a second round from.  The second round came out by another server (finally, our server!) who completely ignored us until we had to ask(beg) him for our check. The food was bar food; which would have been ok had the service been even remotely acceptable, which it wasnt. I did leave there happier than the man who got a glass of sangria dumped on him by his server though. What a mess.
I went there last weekend and i was astonished at the prices $11 for Guinness ! daylight robbery. Tuna burger was $24 !! just overpriced. I will never step foot in that place again
I would love to be able to write a review of this pub and restaurant, but we have gone twice and been turned away twice, both times by hostesses who refused to be accommodating. In December, we were not seated, although there were open tables. Last weekend (May 5), we stopped by mid-afternoon for a beer and snacks on the patio.  One hostess greeted us after about 3 minutes (a long time for a patron), then left to "ask someone about outdoor seating", never to return. The next hostess greeted us 8-10 minutes after that as if we had not already been greeted. We asked for an outdoor table and she said "we don't have any". We asked "what about that four top that those people left while we have been waiting?" She said if we were willing to wait five minutes for it to be bussed, we could sit there.  What's another five minutes?  Five minutes later, we interrupted her, only to be told that there weren't enough servers on the patio to seat that table. Management, convince me to try again.  There are plenty of places in Vegas for a beer.
F this place! . .    We walked over to the Aria for a late night dinner with a group of 12 and were sent away. That is only after checking on yelp for their hours of operation and calling to be sure that they would indeed be open. I received the same response both times. Open until two. Not the case, just after 11:30 on a Saturday and they sent our party of 12 away. I suppose we dodged a bullet by not staying, the raw bar smelled less than fresh. It made the whole restaurant smell like a dirty fish market that never has been cleaned, which was pungent from the first moment you opened the door. . .   This place came highly recommended and I can't see why. Even the bartender was terse.
I was in Vegas for work.. but wanted to have a nice meal .. my fiends and I came here as a sort of last resort after "lemongrass" had disappointed us with having a broken down kitchen.... . we saw the "$3.00 Beer!" sign at this pub and decided that sounded great.. We waited for about 10 mins to be seated..even though it wasn't even that crowded... . our server decided to come to our table after 3 more people had already come and did stuff.. I kinda wish the bus boys would have been our server instead because this girl was awful. I get that sometimes you really don't give a s**t about your customers sometimes, as a server (I was a server for several years) but at least PRETEND. Put on that fake smile. . . This girl didnt even care that she made it completely obvious that she didn't care about us.. She clearly cared more about the 10-top full of males who would tip her based on the fact that she was a remotely attractive female... .   After sitting there for 20 mins, we were finally asked if we'd like drinks.. we excitedly asked about the $3 beer.. "oh.. we're actually out of that" and she didn't really give us any other options... . thankfully YELP! Actually had a "free pint beer" check-in offer. but it was of BUD which I HATE..but oh well.. . my $12.00 hot wings were the quality of Buffalo Wild Wings.. which I could have gotten for about half of what I paid for these.. don't get me wrong.. I LOVE Buffalo Wild Wings.. but if I'm paying that much for 6 hot wings.. they better be the best wings I've ever had.. which they weren't.. .. at all..   My friend ordered a $20 Burger with Bacon.. it came without the bacon.. which she had to mention.. it also came Bleeding.. and she's ordered it medium. well.... . My other friends' portobello mushroom burger, on the other hand, was completely over-cooked. It looked like a burnt piece of cardboard.. . We asked her to box our leftovers.. She proceeded to throw them all in ONE bag.....    I specifically said "can you keep the blue cheese with my wings , please?" no blue cheese was in my to/go box.. .   by far the worst eating experience I've had in Vegas.. I'll be going to that burger place at the Aria next time.. with the brisket bloody mary's and burgers that are worth the high-prices..    Todd English P.U.B... pfft more like.. Todd English A.S.S
This place sucked!!!!!. Over priced! Food, sub-par! Had the sliders.... $16, three tiny, dry, flavorless tasters. The place itself looked amazing! Service was good. Just very, very disappointed in the food and the prices... $12 for a pint in dogfish head... Crazy!. I will not recommend the place to anyone.
Breath taking rudeness from the brunette host upon arrival. Embarrassing to show American hospitality at its worst to my International guests. Walked away and went to the excellent Spanish Tapas place next door.
Beer took 20 minutes to get to our table. Fly in my water. Half of food came late. Service not worth the price but food is good.
Do not order the fish and chips, yuck. There was one sliver of fish which was like jerky and the rest was greasy batter. The place was over the top noisy. I would not go to this place again.
We had good service that's where it ended. Food was bland and pretty tasteless. Lobster rolls were more bread than lobster and then had no flavor. Todd's Tacos had no seasoning and a weird sauce that shouldn't be on Mexican food.  Would not go back.
