My heart is broken.  After an almost ten year relationship of love, excitement, and blackjack, Bally's has betrayed me and there is nothing more bitter than a blackjack player scorned.. . Here is why, my dear players: did you notice that delightful party pit with the shiny lights and pop music?  Hard to miss, right?  . . All that glitz has a dark secret.....6 to 5 blackjack payout on a six deck shoe.  Okay, I admit I'm dramatic, and that Bally's does post the odds.  But, the only payout acceptable in blackjack with a shoe are 3 to 2.  6 to 5 are reserved for single deck only.  They are hoping you don't notice and/or don't care.. . Okay, on to the more hurtful part.  These BAD odds are reserved for the lower level (10 dollar) tables.  If you'd like to bet more than that, you are buying the better odds.  Is this the gambling equivalent to "trickle down economics"?. . So, in the tradition of all things grass roots - please demand tables with the fair odds.  You do have a choice, so vote with your dollar.. . And to Bally's (and the whole Harrah's group), get rid of this greedy trend or we will take our 2-3 visits to Vegas a year to one of your competitors.
Although I do like to gamble at Bally's, staying there was terrible.  First, I realize that my room was comped; however, wouldn't that give them more of a reason to not put me and my friends in the worst room in the building?  I mean, I certainly won't be staying here again, so that baffles me.  Anyway, the room was disgusting.  Our room at the Travel Inn in the middle of nowhere the night before was even better than this.  I won't complain about everything being overpriced, since that's inherent in Vegas; however, simply based on the room, I will never stay at Bally's Las Vegas again.  I would much rather pay a bit more and stay elsewhere.
Pretty dated hotel...$2.00 margarita, will give it a try!. . No No No!!!  Do not waste your money onthe the $2.00 margarita.  It gave me an allergic reaction to my throat.  I started off with Margaritaville margarita and it was great.  When I was done I bought the 2.00 and my throat was getting scratchy and felt like a sore throat.  My nurse friend said it might be the bad tequila as that can tend to happen.  . . This was the start of the Vegas trip.  I had to start drinking water to relieve the pain and disgusting taste!  ugh :P
Am I in China? 50% of the guests here are Chinese. I went here to see Jubilee (which was beautiful, but horrendously boring), and I seriously felt like I was in a Chinese hotel. There are Asians running and yelling across the casino floor, literally. . . After the show, some white trash and bf were screaming in front and the girl collapsed close to me with a bloody leg and continued to scream. Then what happened? Nothing. No one from Bally's helped.. . Never again.
I've stayed at many of the Harrah's affiliated hotels in Las Vegas and have had a positive to an outstanding experience in doing so.  But Bally's is seriously crap.  We decided to come on a memorial weekend and were prepared for it to be real busy.  When we arrive and check in I get in a line of only 8 other check ins, it didn't look so bad.  Until we found out there was only 2 employees working to check people in.  A senior citizen training on how to check people in and another senior citizen supervising her. This is ridiculous of all weekends why on have one attendee and in training?  It took an hour to get to the front of the line.  I told them I was surprised why they were so understaffed, they were nice enough to upgrade my room for free.  The next morning I saw a huge line at check in and again just 1 person checking in.  The rest of the stay we were rudely turn away by the valet.  The check out was when I almost lost it.  I was standing in line behind a senior couple who was talking to the employee.  They were having a long conversation about the local sights.  The line behind me is building and they are still talking.  15 minutes go by the attendant and I exchange glances that the seniors are taking too long.  Finally they finish, they are old so I didn't want to rush them.  So when I get tot he counter to check out she tells me "oh I don't work here".  I asked her why she did not inform any of us in the line who have been waiting for close to 20 minutes now.  She just said oh I was busy.  F, her busy yapping it up.   Don't think I will ever stay here again.  I've experience better at Travel Lodge
Worst room service I don't think. They clean the room ,  no slippers. No robs is there. Less than. One star
What a dump! Here for a convention so I did not pick it.. Stinky room  with semi-broken AC, buzzing loudly.  Poorly cleaned carpeting in hallway, flashing broken overhead lighting in hallway sitting area.. Vendng machines out of order on five sequential floors (deliberately or due to neglect?)
Upgraded to too in North tower. Ok, but not worth the extra $20 a night; gave me a discount coupon for the gym/spa, which the spa wouldn't accept; charged my room $25 for dry cleaning I didn't get and wouldn't credit me at checkout. Stay away from this place unless you want to get ripped off.
Worst valet service EVER...  Luckily we were staying @ the Rio...  Unfortunately my parents were @ Bally's.  Went to pick them up and the manager of valet (Michael) not only gave me his bad attitude but also his sarcasm...  Had me and my family waiting there for almost half hour...  And they were NOT busy...He was my first and last impression of this hotel.  I don't think we'll ever go back.
We only stayed here because we won a freeroom.  We paid to upgrade to a suite hoping that would mean it would be nice...wrong!  . . There were stains on the carpet, walls, and furniture.  Everywhere you looked there was something that made you cringe.  The sheets on the bed actually did appear to be clean so we were thankful for that.  . . Our suite consisted of two massive rooms with floor to ceiling windows in each room.  It really had the potential to be amazing but it was impossible to ignore the lack of cleanliness everywhere.. . The suite was so massive that my first thought was that it'd be perfect for a big group of friends.  Unfortunately, even if you could ignore the stains on the couches, they weren't exactly sleepable.  All three of the couches were rounded and wouldn't be comfortable to sleep on at all.  There was plenty of floor space, probably enough to fit 10 or more air mattresses so that's an option but I'm not sure I'd ever want to stay here again, even for free.. . It basically seemed like they weren't really trying.  There were large stains on the carpet which made walking around barefoot an adventure.  You could tell that the corners hadn't been vacuumed in a long time.  The cleaning person actually left a dirty rag on one of our counters and there were chunks of something (use your imagination) in the sink behind the bar.  The couches and armchairs were the worst.  I have never seen anything like this before and I've stayed at some questionable places.  There were stains everywhere - these were large vomit or spilled drink stains and it was so bad that we never once sat down anywhere other than the bed.. . This room was disgusting.  I could go on and on about a number of other issues but I'd rather not think about it.  I don't recommend Ballys to anyone.  There is the possibility that they have nicer/newer rooms but I wouldn't chance it.  I understand that the larger suites like this are usually used by groups of party-animals so stains are more likely but this was extreme.  The carpet and upholstered furniture is past the point of cleaning and needs to be replaced.  I don't even think Good Will would accept some of the pieces.
I am big on cleanliness. I could have overlooked the yard sale of chairs and tables left in my suite, but other things bothered me. These include: dirty carpeting (that doubled as an ashtray), scraped-up walls, doors and elevators, room service trays that sat in the hallways for 24 hours, the sound of loud arguments and smashing glass at 3 am, housekeeping staff that helped themselves to all of my change on the counter days before I was to check out, skels'  panhandling and picking cigarettes out of the ashtrays in the taxi area etc. I guess they are saving money on maintenance. I was here on business, I would never come here given the choice.
Racism, is that an issue here? Seems to be. I have been booking reservations for a friend of mine who is a retired social worker. He is also African American. He is very put together and what one would call a snappy dresser. He has enjoyed his October visits to Las Vegas for the last ten years. On this visit, while in Bally's casino, he was approached by an employee who, asked him his name, why he was in the casino, where was he from, had he been there before, and then requested to see his ID. He was just walking around looking for the right machine to enjoy??? He is not a big gambler, and again, a 72 year old retired social worker. After that, no explanation and not even an apology! How dare that happen! Has anyone else experienced this at Bally's? Could Bally's please explain this? Lucky it wasn't me, it would not have ended so nicely. He let it go however, this is simply not acceptable!. . After going to their customer service e-mail on their site, still no response from them day's later! . . Any on else have this happen?
I should start this review by noting that I didn't have much choice in staying at Bally's. I was booked a room as part of a conference trip (ITC, if it matters) to present some slides accompanying a research paper submitted earlier. Anyhow, that's irrelevant, but just know this wasn't my first choice, even though I started with no preconceived notions.. . My stay started with a lukewarm greeting at check-in. Upon arriving at the counter, and after checking that my room was pre-paid, I was informed that the only option for a room that evening would either be on a smoking floor (nope, not a smoker, and the casino floors in Vegas are smoky enough for me), or if wanted a non-smoking room, it'd be next to the elevators, would be noisy, and that I could check back the next day (the trip is three nights) for a better room. Whatever - I thought - I'm fine with dealing with some elevator dings and occasional people near the door.. . The sounds audible inside the room are nothing like a few dings or people outside. It isn't anything like that. By "next to" the woman apparently meant - adjacent to and sharing a wall with - the elevator shaft itself. The room is arranged such that the headrests of each bed are bolted to the wall. That wouldn't be a problem ordinarily, however, on the other side of that particular wall is the elevator shaft. That wouldn't be much of a problem either, except that the elevators (there are three) are incredibly freaking loud and sound like a ski lift in the room. There's a continual series of three thumps as rollers ostensibly ride over a section of track bolted to the wall on the other side of the wall. Because the headboards are bolted to the walls, the bed and anything touching it vibrate accordingly, along with the floor and wall. It's like something out of a surrealist torture room instead of a Las Vegas hotel, I sh*t you not. As I write this, (from within the room, in fact) I've heard the elevator (or perhaps its counterweight, I can't tell) travel past the room 5 times. The sound is seriously surreal as well. It can also be imagined as the sound a deranged homeless man makes pushing a shopping cart filled with cinderblocks in circles over a set of three cement cracks. Except it Does. Not. Stop. Even at 3 AM. Nope. . . That's not really the only problem with this dilapidated room, either. The dresser looks like it has an incredible amount of water damage on the base and top, and cigarette burns. The room has a CRT TV (the south tower is obviously not renovated - thanks front desk woman for not giving north tower as an option) which sits on an equally battered looking TV stand that could collapse under the weight of a disapproving glance.. . Oh and that isn't all either, inside the bathroom, there are several tiles missing at the base of the wall, with visible exposed drywall. As in, the entire tile is missing, and you can literally see drywall. The small trashcan was interestingly placed precisely to hide sight of this.  I've uploaded a picture to the gallery for your perusal, it's not hard to miss. There's nothing inside the room that wouldn't be much better without a fresh coat of paint, either. . . So why all this whining, didn't you ask for another room, you're thinking, right? Well, I did the next day - the answer? Not unless you want a smoking room. Pffft.. . I just heard the elevator go by at full bore another time. /sigh. . Get bent, Bally's.
Spent 3 nights with NO HOT WATER & NO help from the staff!! Horrible service! I would NEVER come back or recommend Bally's Las Vegas!!
I found out that Bally's recently renovated one of their buildings.  However, I suppose I was just unlucky to have been stuck in the older building that is not yet remodeled.  (Apparently, the newer part of Bally's is really nice!). . I'm going to talk about my experience in the older building...Talk about ghetto! This Vegas lodging would have been acceptable if it had been off the strip. The problem is, Bally's is located ON the strip. Therefore, I expect a bit of decency.  I'm not asking for anything extremely extravagant, but at least something better than your average motel!  . . The carpet looks like it hasn't been replaced since the 80s and the furniture is older than a dresser from the 1970s (the type that's covered with fake wood laminate). The pillows were flat and the beds were not even covered with a comforter.  I would NOT sleep on that carpet that looks like it's infection-ridden.  I'm glad we only stayed in that room for one day!. . As for the casino, I felt that there was a sleezy vibe to the entire place.  If you're going to Bally's make sure you get to stay in the newer building.. . And, if it's your first time to Vegas, you can count on at least getting a good picture on their moving sidewalk/people-mover complete with neon lights that faces Las Vegas Boulevard.
my initial reservation was to stay at Bally's Las Vegas. Upon arrival i quickly discovered that Bally's is a dump. . The smell much like a convalescent home and concentrated cleaning products filled the hotel hallway. . There were stains in the carpet for what seemed to be every 5-7 feet. When i finally entered the room the first thing i noticed was the big white stain on the carpet that could have easily been anything you can imagine that would disturb and make you instantly nauseous. The TV, furniture and decor were all beyond dated reminiscent  of an episode of the Brady Bunch where Alice may have been on vacation for a long stretch of time. The 1 highlight  i will admit was the spectacular view of the neighboring Paris hotel and the fountains at Bellagio, however this grand view was overshadowed but the disgusting grease smudges on the window. Needless to say....I wasnt going to stay here. After 2 plus hours hotels.com was persuaded to issue a credit which was applied to a night's stay at the beautiful Trump International. There was a price difference but that was no issue. . The Trump offers a magnificent accomodation with  flat screen TV beautiful spa tub kitchen 2nd bathroom (offered in suites) and full kitchen. needless to say the Trump is the way to go. . Thank you hotels.com for making the slow switch from slum to paradise even possible.
As a first time visitor at this hotel, I didn't care much about it because the walls are paper thin and you can hear the noise from inside your hotel room which isn't good. andd they charge wayyyy too much for wifi. on the plus side the rooms are nice. the tv channels suck. just a bunch of chinese/japanese channels and a bunch of vegas info channels. i would not recommend.
I stayed there this week for a conference. I do not recommend this place. It's only a few dollars cheaper than some of the other resorts, and this place wasn't good. A few highlights:. . - The room phones had a loud buzzing on them. It made it difficult to use the concierge / order room service.. . - The concierge didn't know there was a ski shuttle in town (I found a $20 shuttle to Mt. Charleston online. The concierge said there's no shuttle and I should take a $200 cab ride!). . - The bed is hard as a rock, and the pillows were too gushy. Imagine sleeping on plywood with a folded up towel for a pillow.. . - The "updated" room featured a large brown stain on the ceiling.. . When the conference ended Friday, I called the bellhop to get my bags. I stayed the rest of the weekend at Encore.. . Oh yeah, it took two calls and two hours for the bellhop to get to the room.. . With so many choices in Las Vegas, this hotel shouldn't be one of them.
I HATE THIS PLACE.  Seriously, its run down and everytime I see it Im amazed it hasnt been torn down.  Id rather not go to Vegas then to stay here.. . Run for the hills if someone suggests you stay here.
Worst Vegas hotel experience EVER!!. . We decided to stay here for my friend's bachlorette. We had requested adjoined rooms. What we got, 2 rooms across from either, NOT adjoined. It took us 2 hours to fix the problem. . . The keys to the room SUCK. Any time it goes anywhere near your cell phone. It demagnetizes. I mean, COME ON! It's vegas, you bring your clutch, your phone your cash, your id. of course it's going to be near a phone! Each room must have gone through at least 8 keys. We've never had any problem with any of the other hotels.. . Room service: Seriously?! 10 dollars for freaking hot water?! And it takes about an hour to get it. What do they have to do go to a well to pick it up?! . . Not a fan. NEVER staying there again.
I am never EVER staying at Bally's again.. . I've stayed here once before and had a decent experience, but this last one (which happens to also be my bachelorette wkend) was definitely my last. . . CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS. I was looking for a hotel that had adjoining rooms in Vegas. I knew we were going to book about 4 rooms and I wanted all the girls to be together. I spoke with a couple of hotel reps and the ones who worked for Bally's said they had ALL adjoining rooms (meaning all connecting) - OK, let's go with Bally's then. They said they charge extra for adjoining rooms and I said fine. It's worth it. The charge was going to be $165 extra for 4 rooms, 3 nights. Cool, done. My OCD took over and a month before our trip. I decided to call in just to make sure the rooms were the way I wanted them to be. They said they were not completely adjoined, that they dont have rooms designed that way, but two sets would be adjoined. WHAT???? Why did I chose you over other nicer hotels then?!?!?!?!? I was FUMING ... but everything was already paid for so I accepted it and moved on.. . The day we get there, it was super busy (it was Memorial day wkend). We waited in line for half an hour and the lady took about 45 minutes to process our rooms because it was a "complicated" one. I asked her if the rooms were adjoining, meaning two sets connected and she said yes. Guess what? We go all the way up to our rooms and they ARE NOT adjoining. There were no doors to connect them!!!! OKAY, pretty angry at this point. We go all the way back downstairs and spoke with the same lady who helped us. What was her explanation? She said she ASSUMED the rooms were connected. Well, you know what happens when we assume right?  It took her something like two hours to try to figure this out, and in the end, I couldn't get the connected rooms because they were all full. Who's fault is that? I CALLED months ahead of time to ensure the room structure, I PAID months ahead of time to make sure things go as planned and this is what I get? By this time, our girls were hungry and we had plans at 5pm that night, so they were getting ready and doing their makeup in the hallway. How inconvenient is that??? The rooms we ended up getting were in the same hallway, they were not connected, not even right next to each other. They didnt end up charging me for the adjoining rooms (better!) and also gave us $50 for room service. Still didn't think that was enough. . . It's been two weeks since this happened and thinking back on it still makes me angry.
Writing about the poker table. The dealers here are rude and sometimes split the pot wrong. For example, it was heads-up and me and the other guy had ace king. When the pot was split, he got an extra $5 chip and I got a white $1 chip. When I corrected him, he said the next hand was dealt. Little ass.
I stayed at Bally's last week from July 11th through the 15th and it was a terrible experience. My boyfriend was there for a conference and I tagged along. We got upgraded when we checked in, which I thought was awesome, except it was not. The mattress was rock hard and I discovered upon waking the next morning that I had been bitten by something the night before on my right leg. Because we were staying on the actual strip in a nice casino I didn't think much of it. Throughout the rest of the stay I received more and more extremely itchy, painful bites up and down both legs and under my arm pits. It wasn't until I got back home and was able to access the Internet did I realize I had been attacked by BEDBUGS! I called Bally's to let them know that room 1624 had bedbugs and they were extremely dismissive and basically insinuated that I was making it up since I hadn't been to a doctor yet. I had to go to my doctor yesterday because the bedbug bites have become extremely infected. I have welts the size of tea saucers all over my legs. I am still waiting to here back from Bally's about the statement I left. On top of the bedbug issue I was double charged at the spa for a basic massage. When I called to inform the spa that they double charged me they claimed that I was mistaken and that they had only charged me once and that it was my credit card company's fault. I was sitting at my computer with my credit card statement open that clearly stated Bally's spa had charged me two separate prices for the massage. The receptionist kept rattling over random prices she claimed I paid (none of which were correct) and refused to let me speak to her manager. Just to be sure, I called my credit card company and they verified that the two charges came from Bally's spa and that they had nothing to do with the charges.. . So, if you want to come home from vacation covered in infected BEDBUG bites/welts and get charged double for a massage (that you had a coupon for) then by all means stay at Bally's. I will never stay in that casino again and plan on reporting them to the Vegas office of public health and to the better business bureau.
Such a disappointment!! The desk clerk that signed us in totally lied and said if we got in line at the rewards center we would receive about $700 worth of coupons to be used while we were there! NOT! They we in the packet she handed us!! Waited in long line for nothing!. Told her it was my 50th Birthday and we we staying for a week!. lso our friends we staying there also. . No View whatsoever!! Blaring bright lights outside our room! Blah!!!. None of us we close! All on different floors!. My sister was upgraded to a suite - we don't know why! Nice for her!!. The bathroom had the paper portion of the shampoo bottles stuck on the shelf - gross!! . The worst part was the Housekeeping Inspector woman just walked right in our room WITHOUT KNOCKING! We were just walking out. Completely surprised! She said "O' sorry, I'm just holding the door for you"! We made light of it but it was disturbing! . The very next day we came back from the pool and I was in the shower, with the bathroom door open. My husband stripping out of his wet suit and here she comes AGAIN!! No KNOCK!! And tried to talk her way out of it, my husband yelled "just get out I'm obviously naked-get out"!. We called the manager told him of our situation and he said "she said she knocked"! What the?! That means she ran to him and told him, no I'm Sorry or that won't happen again!! . My husband then told him he had to go home and my wife (me) was scheduled to stay alone for the next few days, but because of all these actions of Bally's employee's (including him) she's AFRAID to stay!. All the Manager said (very monotone) I'll put you down for check out tomarrow!  WoW!! I was a manager for the Hampton Inn for years and I'm completely Insulted and Appalled by not only his lack of empathy but the Disrespect we felt the whole time by him and Employees!!. My 50th was spent in the Cabana, they were GREAT! They are Separte from Bally's!! . Expect to be treated better by Motel 6 or Super 8!!. I will be telling anyone and EVERYONE NOT TO STAY AT Bally's!!!
Horrible. Stay away.. . Registered here due to this.. . My gf and I have been here twice previously, two and three years ago and had a good time, but things seem to change over time, and Bally's has changed for the worse.. . Customer Service was pretty rude in the number of times we talked to people at the front desk. Not one employee seemed like they wanted to be there. Didn't even make eye contact when checking us in, let alone during the course of conversation. You know, you don't have to pretend your guests are invisible.. . When we checked in, after making reservations over a month prior, for a non-connecting room with a king size bed, we were told there were none available.Really? We only made the damn reservation about 6 weeks prior. Well, the offered to move us into a sweet for the night, which seemed like a good deal at first. As far as sweets go, this was the worst I've ever stayed in. Felt dirty. Broken toilet that kept running and whistling long after we flushed it. A bidet in a separate room from the toilet, on the other side of the shower. Who takes a poop, then wanders out of the bathroom with their pants around their ankles, across the hotel room, to use the bidet, then with their pants still around their ankles, wanders back to the bathroom to finish cleaning up? No one, that's who. That's on top of the huge hole in the ceiling outside the shower and peeling wall paper which looked gross. I'd be pissed if I payed for a sweet and this was what I got. Not to mention all sweets connect, so you don't really have quiet, and can hear whoever is in the next sweet.. . So after staying in the sweet, we of course had to re-pack and lug our baggage downstairs to switch to a regular room, which seemed cleaner than the sweet. First night here was good, until a family the following morning checked their young daughters into the room next to us. They proceeded to horse around like crazy, wrestling, jumping off the bed, kicking the head board into our wall during all waking hours, to the point we were woken up two straight mornings by their pounding, and had to listen to them beat on our walls, the banging of their head board against our walls echoing while they wrestled on the bed and our floors vibrated. We thought there was a construction crew in there at first.. . Well, talked to them twice, talked to the front desk twice, security came twice, talked to two separate managers as this went on around the clock and the end result was us being asked to switch rooms for the second time in four days. Not happy about that at all. The walls are damn thick in Bally's, and we've never heard a peep from anyone. And we know it's Vegas and people get a little loud before going out, we're fine with that. What we're not fine with is a family basically dropping their kids off on the room next to us, leaving them there all day while they go do whatever, and we're stuck listening to kids bouncing off the walls all damn day simply because the parents don't want to parent, and Bally's won't get them to stop acting like a drunk college wrestling team.. . You know what's new? No more coffee makers in the room. We had them our two previous times, yet apparently they're too cheap to keep them. We called and asked for one and were told from one person they don't hand them out anymore because it's a fire hazard, and were' told by another person, both at the front desk that we had to upgrade to a premium service to get a f'ing coffee maker. Nevermind there was one in our sweet the first night, so it can't be a fire hazard, right? How is having smoking rooms, and drunk people smoking cigs while they fall asleep not a fire hazard, but the coffee maker is? If you're cheap, you're cheap, but don't give some weak BS answer.. . Hotel seemed dirtier than usual. Different crowd as well. Previously it seemed younger people were coming here due to the location and cheaper prices. Now it seems everyone in trailer parks across America came here because it's a good deal. If you like hanging around 300lb mammoths, who chain smoke, drink budweiser the minute they wake up, smell bad  and can barely get their enormous backsides off the chairs at the slot machines, this is the place for you. Their drunk redneck husbands who walk around hitting on the few good looking women and even grabbing them as happened to my gf, was not pleasant.. . And where's the security? Now there is none. We went to their indigo lounge one night, where while sitting in the back and paying for $14 drinks, there were guys hanging over the railing trying to get a free show, breathing down our necks and so close behind us we couldn't even sit back in our chairs.. . This place has gone completely down hill. We will not be staying again, ever. We've decided we'd rather cough up a little more money and stay a night or two less, and get some real service. By the way, the crowd at Bally's is the worst looking crowd by far in Vegas, if that matters to you. Almost makes you not want to have sex a
I booked a 5 night deal for $200 to be used anytime by the end of the year.  I figured this was a great deal since I could split my stay.  . . So the first time I visited, the experience was not so bad.  However, I made several requests to be moved over to a different tower as my husband and I were travelling with family and my husbands brother and cousin were placed in the same tower.  Someone at the front desk said they moved us over to the same tower as our family for the next day which was great for us only to find out the next morning that we were going to be charged extra.  This would have been fine if it had been explained to us the night before.  . . The next time I stayed to redeem the rest of the package I had purchased all was well, or so I thought.  When I was going to bed, I pulled back the covers only to find a red stain across the sheets.  Whether it was blood or lipstick, this shouldn't have happened.  Aren't the people in housekeeping paying attention?  I did take several picture and went down to the front desk to complain.  Only to be greeted by the rudest lady I have ever met.  I am very big on customer service and expect to be treated well.  After all, if this had been my hotel, I would want people to return.  . . She sent housekeeping up to change our sheets after insisting that it was probably rust on the sheets.  (I'm not stupid I know what a little rust would look like)  The lady that changed our sheets was a hot mess.  she was dropping the pillows and blankets on the floor and was stepping all over it.  This bothered me terribly as I don't even do this at my own home.  Clean linens should never touch the ground.. . So, I do have to admit, I was quite disappointed at this.  The location was great and the price was a steal.  But for poor treatment and a dirty room?  Worth it?  I'm not so sure.
Use to be the MGM Grand until a disastrous fire killed some 80 people some years ago, then it was repaired and rebranded as Bally's. The hotel is sort of long in the tooth with wear showing thru-out the facility. It's sort of the bastard stepchild of the Caesars Corp which now owns it. Most of the clients are on bus package tours which the hotel caters to. Many years ago a friend of mine who was in Vegas during the MGM fire told me he never stays above the 8th floor which is the reach of the tallest fire department ladder.
OMG. A third-world experience.  Refuge camps are cleaner and more attractive. Dirt, stains, ding everywhere.  Old analog TV with a rat's nest of wires mounted on a scratched up table.  No blankets -- kinda like a hospital room, only filthy.  Hookers won't go to the South Tower -- too low rent.  Heard the North Tower is a lttle better, but do yourself a favor and go to a real hotel.
Older Hotel.. Uncomfortable bed.. Floor/ceiling above very noisy when people are walking.. Very loud toilet.  . Internet not free.
This place does not deserve any stars. I am very disappointed with the service I received here. I have been coming here since I was a little girl and each time I come here it gets worse and worse.  The reason why I am so fed up with this place, is because my friends and I were stuck in the elevator for an hour, and when we were finally saved, the manager charged us for the maintenance and did not even bother to listen to us.  The security guy tried to tell us the cost was going to be 800 because it was a weekend. After we told him we were law students, all of a sudden the charges got dropped down to 325. Lets just say, we spoke to the lawyers we work for, and bally's is gonna regret treating us like this. OH and also.. After we checked the out, the elevator was broken again... But I don't see them charging anyone else.
The person at the check in counter said she was giving me a recently refurbished room, but the heater in the room was broken.  I had to wear a jacket to bed.  The font desk line was about an hour long.  It was either waste another hour standing in line, or freeze in bed.  Both bad options.
I was on the property for a convention during the cold snap. The Guest room thermostats LIE ,  I am a new englander and had to put on extra blankets. The meeting rooms wee so cold that most of the attendees had winter coats and heavy sweat shirts on during presentations. . The hotels and its managements response was " we are doing renovations under the convention area. Odd because the heating units are on the roof of the building not the basement. 1,000 thoroughly Pissed people has got to be a record .
Second visit to Bally's. The first was terrific but this time... awful. The bed was so uncomfortable... that ended up needing to see a Chiropractor. When I complained I was told that the beds were all the same unless I wanted to pay more. REALLY??? In this day and age, I thought all hotels had good quality beds. Probably better at a Motel 6. VERY DISAPPOINTED!
Booked my reservations through Southwest.com. Upon arrival found that if I wanted a nonsmoking room that was not by the elevator it was going to cost $20.00 more a night.  The only reason I booked Bally's was because we had stayed there years ago & it was totally different. No refrigerator or coffee maker.  The sheets were scratchy. The room was old but clean. At checkout the lady at the desk was yelling at the customer in front of me & almost came across the counter at him. I won't be back because there are other hotels.
I am presently staying at Bally's for a conference and having a very subpar experience with the staff. My check-in was easy but every other experience with the staff has been frustrating and poor.. I had a wake-up call set for my conference (at which I also am sitting for an exam for certification) that was never made this morning, so I definitely do not recommend relying on the wake-up call. I was late for my exam and the whole purpose of my (very expensive) trip could have been ruined. When I called this afternoon to ask why I didn't receive the call, I was told that the call was made, even though it definitely was not. After my conference this afternoon I wanted to go to the gym, but there are no signs or maps in the hotel room to show where it is. So I called the front desk and sat on hold for over 10 minutes for someone to simply pick up so that I could ask where the gym is. I was so annoyed with the wait time and with my wake-up call experience this morning that I asked to speak with a manager. A manager named Sunquat (not sure of spelling) answered and I explained my experiences. He quickly apologized and gave me directions to the gym, thanked me, and hung up. I dressed for the gym and walked down to the area that he described and saw no signs for a gym. I asked an employee at the spa where the gym is and she said it is within the spa but it was closed, it closes at 6pm! The manager made no note of this on the phone! I went (in person) to the front desk and requested the manager. Sunquat came to speak with me and said, "you just asked where the gym was, I didn't know you were going now." I expressed my frustration, he apologized but seemed less than sympathetic. He also told me that he spoke with the wake-up call dept who told him that any unanswered wake up call gets a knock on the door from security (that definitely did not happen, either). "For my troubles", he gave me a $25 food and beverage credit to my room (which will cover about a ham sandwich and a diet coke in this place). I have also learned by reading the other reviews on yelp here that the gym is not free/included!? This was also definitely not mentioned by the manager!!. I will be discussing these issues with the administrators of my conference and highly recommending that they find a new location for our conference next year, otherwise I will not be attending.. I cannot help but think that if I were a man in an expensive suit, instead of a young woman in workout clothes, that I would have been taken more seriously. . I am giving 1 star for the size of the room (in the north tower), although the wallpaper is peeling off the walls, and there are no outlets near the bed to charge my electronics.
Terrible stay. Came here through total rewards promotion.checked in and went to bingo promotion in ballroom only to be told I wasn't registered, yet I had booked online through total rewards? Took me an hour to get straightened out. First was told I could not participate even though I booked 2 weeks prior. Ordered chicken wings at tequila bar got chicken fingers?  Terrible stay ,1 lamp didn't have a bulb in it ?
mold in the bathtub, smell of mold. horrible place. I would rather stay in my car next time.
Problems:. . 1. Made a reservation for 2 queen beds, and when we got there they said there weren't any more available, so we would have to stay in a room with 1 king and a roll-away. what??? what was the point of a reservation?!. . 2. Customer service sucks...there were only about 5 parties in front of us and it took 30-45 mins for us to even be able to check in with 5 people working the front desk (probably because everyone else was complaining about their own crappy situation). . 3. Valet not available - i'm no stranger to doing valet at a hotel i'm not staying at but shouldn't you reserve at least a few for the actual guests staying here?. . Perks:. . 1. the ONLY and most obvious one, location.. . . I know they say you get what you pay for, but i've stayed at the Flamingo for way cheaper and have gotten MUCH better service, even with the lines being long. . . Thank goodness for weekends with your friends where you can forget about your horrible hotel experience with BOOZE, and more BOOZE.
Check In Disaster-45 minute wait in line with 3 clerks and 50 people waiting in line to check in.  While waiting we saw countless reservation clerks peeking out from the back room looking at the line, but not offering to help. The three clerks that were there either took their time or never told people to advance to be helped.   Finally, the people in line demanded to see the manager and told him off.  This pathetic person offered no apologies or explanations as to his "out to lunch" staff.  Room so-so, initial check in was such a disaster we will never return.  Too many other places to choose from who truly want our business.
Terrible.  Just terrible.. . - Our "suite" was old, outdated, and dirty.  Carpet faded, stained, pulling up in the middle.  Popcorn ceiling falling down in places.  Shower head and knob falling out of the wall.  Worn and frayed chairs.  Furniture at least 25 years old.. - Found a used tampon applicator in the bathroom upon check-in.  Took an hour and two phone calls to maintenance/housekeeping for a housekeeping manager and housekeeper to come check out the situation.  Had to explicitly ask them to sanitize all surfaces (some of which had water stains that would have obviously come up had they been cleaned properly the first time).  Had to ask a second time when the housekeeper tried to leave after removing the tampon and sanitizing the bathroom. - SMOKY casino.  My allergies and asthma were terrible!  (I know casinos are smoky, but this is like the inside of a cigarette.). - Valet will sometimes turn you away at night and tell you to go park under the Paris if you aren't "Platinum" status.  . - Long lines at front desk.. . Location is fantastic and gym is nice.  Pool is fine.
Old School Cool???. . Well, if you're version of "old school cool" translates to "run down, dilapidated, and unclean", then Bally's is the Vegas experience you've been waiting your entire lives for!. . Upon exiting the elevator onto Floor 55 of the South Tower, I was greeted with a 60's vintage stale smoke aroma. (I've heard rumors that casinos pump oxygen in to keep you awake, but pipelining 5 decade old smoke smell? What an authentic touch!) This delectable odor is accented with worn, stained carpet that I can only assume is from the same era as the smoke smell. When I arrived in my room, I was amazed to find the stale smoke smell morphed into more of a pleasing 70's mildew scent; another classy touch of  "old school". . . The furniture was a mish-mash of my grandma's guest room dresser, my old college dining table, and my mother's push button lamps circa 1985. However, despite all these dated decorative marvels, the beds were somewhat modern and comfortable. The walls were a lovely blend of mauve colored wall paper, highlighted by cracks, stains, and peeled areas, thus completing the motif.. . In my humble opinion, the real standout here was the bathroom! If I was wondering where that mildew smell came from, well I found it! It was strategically placed in the rails of the shower door and a little of the grout. Not to mention that, upon seeing the shower, I began wondering if my grandma was secretly their decorator! That shower was identical to the one in her hallway bathroom - minus the uncleanly nature. The three sided mirror was covered in spots, as though it were a collage of previous occupant's dental hygiene, and I later discovered that the bulk of the mildew was sneakily placed under the rim of the sink. (I don't know if this is a special touch they add in all rooms, or if it was just for me; but I, and my toothbrush, were happy to draw in the microscopic mold spores with every brush of my teeth.) Lastly, the coup de gras, pubic hair on the floor adorning the base of the water throne! This hotel really goes above and beyond!. . In closing, all kidding aside, this really was a mixed bag for me. I have always been a fan of Bally's as a casino and really enjoy gambling there. The hotel's location on the strip is perfect, and staff is always pleasant and polite.. However, this place needs a massive overhaul to remain a viable as a hotel, especially at the rate I paid. I won't be staying there again, nor would I ever recommend it to others.. . ***EDIT. . After reading some of the other reviews, I want to add a few other things that I noticed as well.. . The check in line is miserably slow! It might be advantageous to employ more than 2 people to handle peak check in time. However, the staff is quite friendly.. . Walkways didn't work and were absolutely filthy! Simply disgusting appearance and a shameful blight on The Strip.. . I smoke, but the stale stench throughout the place is very bothersome. Not just on the hotel floors as I mentioned earlier.. . Rooms are very large, but if that is a positive, it is severely discounted by all the other negatives listed above.. . Noise was not an issue for me, but the mattresses are concrete firm and didn't do my back any favors. Still, I slept decently, save for my fear that I would acquire scabies from the linens.. . I have the price listed as "Moderate". However, it's way overpriced for the level of accommodations.
We have visited Bally's many times over the last 40 years.  It is definitely time to tear this one down and start over.  Other than a perfect location there is nothing to recommend it.  Rooms are old and run down, breakfast buffet for 11.95 did not include coffee of juice and consisted of one very short line of nothing really special.  So $32.00 later I would recommend just getting a bagel.  The on line check out did not work so I could not view my bill without standing in line again with all the people who were checking in when I am checking out.  I am having to call and fight to get one because my charges don't look right at all.  They charge $3.00 per day for use of the in-room safe of you can believe it.  Was told the daily resort fee included the Internet connection but the instructions were so bad I had to go to the front desk for an explanation.  By that time I didn't really need it I just waited until I got outside to use my phone.  The resort fee is a joke because the Spa is so far away from the South Tower who on earth would want to wander through the Casino to get there.  I know everyone charges one so why don't they just include it as part of the cost of the room I ask?  The dealers were mostly friendly but blackjack games were somewhat limitedand the show was good but there are much, much better hotels there for not so much more money.  My husband and I really stayed for the tennis courts but next time we will stay at Caesars and walk across the street.  Unless you are just young kids out to drink with your buddies and don't care I recommend you pass on this one.
This review is not based on a stay here at the hotel.. Came here for our annual conference. We had our banquet upstairs and it was the most blandest food I've ever tasted.  The woman refilling the chafing dish seemed annoyed that we were waiting for food, the waiters did not fill up your cups with water, my husband had to go find the water pitcher and bring it over to fill up my water. We had coffee cups and they served dessert with no coffee. I asked for coffee once I found a waiter and he disappeared! So I ate dessert with no coffee, went down the street and got McDonalds coffee. Sad....
BEWARE. They hire thieves!!! My cell phone (new iPhone 5) was turned-in to Security/lost and found, by a staff member(he told me himself). When I went to pick-it-up, I was only given the case..   The young security guy at the desk was suspiciously eager to find-out who my cell provider was. The security girl talking to him, when I arrived, was acting weird too. She hurried to the back, as soon as she heard me ask for the phone, and never came back. .  If someone else had stolen my phone, they wouldn't  sit there and waste time removing the (hard-to-come-of) case. They would've just put it in their pocket or something. .  This happened in January of this year. There was an ongoing investigation, and I therefore refrained from writing a review, until now. NOTHING was solved. The incompetent investigator couldn't discern anything based on the tape! I'm still irate by the whole issue (this was a special Xmas gift I got from my boyfriend). .  . They have lost a great customer; I visit Vegas at least 7 Times a year and always with a big group. Only stayed at Ballys or Paris. We normally book 5 or more rooms! NOT ANYMORE!! MONTE CARLO it is, from now on. . My cousin's friend had booked 10 rooms for a bachelorette get-away in April, but quickly cancelled after I told her about this incident. They got rooms at Caesars Palace, instead.
This was a surprise birthday gift from my honey.  48 hours in Vegas!  What could be better?  Well, for starters, the accommodations.. . Full disclosure: I have 8 years of hospitality background on my resume, and am perfectly aware of hotel business practices.  . . Have you ever been someplace where you feel like everyone is an absolute and total slug, unless you grease their palm?  With only a few exceptions, this is how I felt about Bally's.  Considering they're a little older, and a little bit of an afterthought on the competitive Strip, you would think they would make a little more effort to differentiate themselves.  Alas, I suppose that Yelp will be the great equalizer that will eventually separate the wheat from the chaff, and Bally's may just be a victim.  But much like Bally's being stuck in yesteryear with their room decor, they are also locked into that 1980's mentality where the Internet doesn't exist yet, and they will continue to get away with it.  Yeah, good luck with that.  . . We got this as part of a package deal (2 nights M through Th, included seats for two at the Jubilee! show and $30 dining credit).  Our inbound flight was cancelled, so we had to take a later flight and didn't actually arrive at the desk until after midnight.  We got to the room, and did not get the king we had asked for.  Looking at the paperwork, and as is the case with most hotels, they don't assign rooms until the day of, so I guess that was OK.  But the room was filthy.  Dingy carpet, trash from previous guests in the corners, and a used soap bar in the shower.  I called down to the desk, and got nothing but sass from the guest staff - they were unfailingly rude, uncooperative, and just didn't seem to give a d*mn.  I asked to speak to the night supervisor, whose name was Darryl, and he was even worse.  I asked if there was another room we could move to because ours was filthy, and he said no, but he would send up housekeeping.  I asked if the hotel was full, and he said yes.  I then asked if all the rooms were checked in, and he just said "the hotel is full."  Well, you didn't answer my question, buddy.  I know, from experience, that guests who check in late usually get the dregs of the available rooms; I also know that package deal customers are usually treated worse than full-paying guests, and I said as much.  And no, I don't want housekeeping sent up; it's 12:30 AM, I'm tired, and I wanted a clean room (I also wanted a king, but according to their policies, which I was reminded of several times, they don't guarantee that).  It was obvious that no one wanted to do anything.. . It was frustrating to get tickets for our show, it was frustrating to get breakfast (1 hr in line at Nosh - the waitress could only do a single task at any given time while the food prep staff stood idle).  . . We were able to change our room the next day, and when I called down, they told me to get the keys from the front desk and to move our stuff.  No offers to help, to move our stuff for us, etc.  We had borrowed a refrigerator from housekeeping (my wife is nursing) and so we brought everything down by ourselves, and stood stupidly in the lobby waiting to get new room keys.  My wife was then hassled by security for having the refrigerator - they were convinced we were going to steal it.  After about 10 minutes of explaining over and over that we were moving rooms, they let us go (but still, there was no one helping move our stuff).. . We checked into room 608, and guess what?  Trash in the corners, and a used bar of soap in the shower.  I guess they just don't sweat the small stuff there.  And that includes minding details and cleaning.  Oh, well, we had a king bed.  I will just need to block out of my mind how filthy that must have been, if they miss cleaning the soap and garbage.. . Why is it that a 20 oz bottle of Aquafina costs $4.00 at Nosh, but $6.00 at the coffee stand by the check-in desk?. . On the plus side, Jubilee was a blast.  Our seats were absolute crap, so after the show started, we snuck up to some better seats nearer the stage and enjoyed the show immensely (sorry, Bally's, but you forced my hand).  I don't know why they would not let us pay an upgrade charge for better seats at the box office, but they insisted it was against policy and they could not.. . It was not clear at checkout that we could "opt out" of the resort fee - or could we?  I don't know.  All I know, is I didn't use the Internet, and I got charged $21 per day for something.  Speaking of, I should check my credit card balance and make sure I didn't get charged above and beyond.  Well, no one at the desk swiped my card in or out, so I could always dispute it.. . I'm done complaining, I ultimately had a great time, and that's all that matters.  Still, what a giant bummer.  Bally's, you have a lot of work to do!  Start with upgrading your staff...
I had comps in Jan. 2013 room looked nice, and clean then I started to see roaches in the bath room. told my boyfriend he killed a few then more came. I told supervisor of house keeping nothing done said will report it for spraying; I emailed staff at Bally's the lady said should have told manager. I told several people about the problem what should I have done screamed.. . Three days of roaches one even reached the wall over the bed.one lady at Bally's said 7 people stayed in this room the week before. I said don't care this is not honeymoon in vegas hotel anymore.
This hotel is one of the oldest ones in Las Vegas.  Unlike the Palace Station, which is old as well, Bally's has not been maintained and cared for.  Starting with front desk people.  Not welcoming- no friendly greetings.  The rooms are really worn and dirty.  One of those rooms where you do not walk in the room in your bare feet.  Beds sup par along with bedding.  Old furniture.  Towels threadbare.  Food even splattered on the walls in our room.  Pool is a joke and watch out for the extra hotel fees.  Do not stay here unless you are desperate.
This was terrible. The staff was so incredibly rude and not helpful at all. As a tourist town, I expect people to know that tourists will ask questions! Every time we spoke with staff, they were rude or didn't know the answers and didn't do anything to find out. There were no coffee pots in the room, the gym is meh, there are no fridges in the room, and I can't tell you how many times the cleaning staff walked into our room despite the do not disturb sign. I absolutely do NOT recommend.
Wow. Worst customer service and hotel experience of my entire life. Stayed here for a bachelorette party June 26-29th 2013. After spending the day at the pool, we came back to our room  to find raw sewage, yes, SEWAGE filling the sink and spilling onto the floor. Ruined all of our makeup, hair supplies, you name it. Obviously this situation was out of our hands so we called the hotel front desk immediately. We were on the phone for about 30 minutes and never got to talk to a manager. A half hour later, they sent up a security guard and a cleaning crew. . . Even though we were upset, we tried our best to be friendly to the security guard and cleaning crew.. what a terrible job to have! One of them said "This happens all the time"..... WHAT? Raw sewage spills into rooms all the time?. . We had to claim every single item that was ruined.... meaning that we had to empty our sewage soaked makeup bags onto a towel and touch every single piece.. writing down its brand, description and cost. If we didn't, we woulnd't get any money for our ruined products. Poop EVERYWHERE. OH, I forgot to mention that it was my friends Bachelorette party and that was the night we had planned to go out. How were we going to get ready? We thought the hotel might be a little bit sympathetic to our situation and asked if we could get our makeup/hair done for the evening....not a chance!! After arguing with people over our situation we decided to call it quits and ask for some toothbrushes.... they agreed and never sent them up!! We ended up having to buy them and get reimbursed. What a joke!!!! . . They moved us to a different room about 2 hours later. When we checked out, we realized that our room wasn't comped!!!! Not even for that last night!. . 2 months later and we are finally hearing from claims about crediting us for our ruined makeup. We are only getting half of what we claimed!! . . This experience was really disappointing. I plan on posting this on any and every travel review website possible. Apparently raw sewage spills into the rooms all the time... even if you don't see it, doesn't mean it wasn't there!!!!!
This place seems dated because it is even with it's modification.  Shame.  Great great location.  On the corner where it's close to Bellagio, Flamingo and Caesars.  Next door to Paris.  The rooms are huge and clean, but boring.  Having said all that, why the low rating.  Pathetically small and boring casino.  Even with it's location, it still is far from everything.  Why?  Because they built the hotel and casino away from the strip.  So to cross the street, you have to walk a really far distance to the corner.  No shopping.  No restaurants or good ones.  No nothing.  It's is just a shame.
what a horrible place to stay.do not stay here.furniture beat up in newly remodeled rooms,whole place stinks like cigs.fire hazards in room,not up to code.music from outside hotel blasting till three in the morning.poor service,bad attitude from management.to much to list just stay away
I am giving one star because I could not give zero star.  I have been over the world and stayed in many different hotels in my past.  My experience with this hotel's host and customer service is just horrible.  Basically I spent 2 hours and talked to 8 different people tonight and still not able to get my room reservation issue resolved.  Out of the eight people I talked to, 3 people pretended they could not hear me and hung up. 3 people were not helpful and told me to call back.  One conversation was cut off in the middle of the conversation.   But above all,  Yoon Kim, who is Asian market host tops it all.  She had a very bad attitude with no professionalism in hotel customer services at all.   She showed nothing but rude and mean spirit.  We had our reservation for three rooms and one of the rooms was promised to be a comp room.  When we tried to change our reservation from 4 days to 3 days, Yoon Kim said she can not honor what the hotels has promised for the first comp room because of the host we worked with was fired from Bally.  We expressed that we believe that a reputable company should honor their promise and it has nothing to do with their employee got fired!   Beyond my comprehension, I can not believe that a hotel employee would yell at their guests?  Did this hotel ever provide hospitality training to their employees?   I will be documenting my experience and  filing a formal compliant to this hotel chain's corporate office.   . . Note:   person I talked to tonight:  Yoon Kim, Bryan, Cindy, Rick, Tina, Felix, 2 other hosts who were on cellphone line with bad receptions and hung up on me.  And per Rick, they can not provide their last names to the clients, am I hearing this right?
I wish I could give NO stars because staying at a motel 8 would've been WAY better than this.. Stay at Freemont and utilize the 24 hours shuttle to the strip if you want a NICE hotel on a budget. Or splurge and stay somewhere else on the strip. NOT BALLYS!!. ----------SHORT VERSION:----------. December 2013. Stayed at North Tower. Monorail was being renovated or something, couldn't use that.. Pool also being renovated!. Fire alarm testing at 10am, for maybe 20 minutes straight?. Toilet leaking and LOUD when flushing, had tomove rooms it was so bad.. Walls are VERY VERY thin. Could hear the TV from the other room and the obnoxious laughter following.. Room was very far from the elevator, you think they would have the elevator in the middle, but no, just at the far end. *(sucks when you are in heels all night then have to walk through the dirty halls for an extra 10 minutes just to get to your room) *. NO FRIDGE and/or MICROWAVE. Customer service? HORRIBLE.. NOT worth the extra 18 dollars a day.. No one specified what it was for when we asked. Found out later we could've used it for wi-fi. UH WHY DIDNT THEY TELL US? . Buffet at Flamingo was overpriced and small -kind of unrelated but since it was total rewards you got a "discount" from Ballys when you check in- not worth it at all.. -----------------------------------. Long Version::. . We had booked a hotel room online, using the total rewards system. We had comped rooms except for 2 days. We had paid for a reserved room @ the amount of 188 dollars. We received a confirmation email and my boyfriend's card was charged that amount.. However, when we arrived at the casino, the receptionist asked for a card. We assumed it was for any additional charges, such as room service and such. He didn't specify anything about the rate changing, or anything. He seemed to have difficulty looking something up. He couldn't find a price, or something, and had to use a calculator for something. I assumed it was for a deposit on the room that we would get back at the end of our trip, so long as we didn't break anything. (as most hotels do, as I had been to Vegas before and we had a 120 deposit fee we received back. ) Again, nothing was clarified, no receipt or anything was given to us, so I assumed the card was only used as a hold.Later on, when my boyfriend checked his credit card statement, he found out that Bally's had charged him $200.. Unfortunately, that credit card was our extra funds for the weekend. Our funds to get us taxis, possibly splurge on the variety of food Las Vegas had to offer, watch some shows, and pay for our baggage on the way home. . We went to the receptionist downstairs (a different one) and she stated that when you reserve a room online, you are not charged resort fees and that is why we paid more. However, on the website, it shows that we were charged resort fees of $126. It shows it is added to your reservation and you are thus charged. Our room was comped for 5 days; our trip was 7 days, so we had paid for the 2 days.  The receptionist stated that we weren't charged resort fees when we reserved a room online. I stated we had been, our rooms were comped and that was basically all we were paying for. I showed her the breakdown of prices on my confirmation screenshot. Then she said that the online price we had paid was not finalized. if it wasn't finalized, why was the card charged for 188. We were not told that our rate had changed. Why was it not brought to our attention and why would the check in clerk not be able to find it on the computer, and thus do it on a calculator (which he had to clear multiple times) and charge us an obscure amount?. They didn't care to explain any charges or break it down for us. They basically had an attitude of "too bad, so sad". The walls are T-H-I-N!!!! You can hear EVERYTHING from the next room. We had VERY noisy loud laughing neighbors. ALSO Ballys decided to have some random fire alarm test at like 10am on Sunday? WORST way to wake up! And It went on for like 15 minutes. . Our toilet made horrible screeching sounds and was leaking. They told us they could fix it, which would inconvenience us as we had plans that night, or they could move us to a new room. The latter was less inconvenient, so we quickly packed our 7 days worth of items and moved to a room. There was no "sorry for your inconvenience" or anything. Again, a "too bad, so sad" attitude.. Our new room ALSO had a very loud toilet. We tried to complain about that but they only offered another room. No comp for the horrible experience or anything.. We are loyal total rewards members and we were treated like trash. Maybe because we look young and irresponsible? we're 24, so we're fairly young, but we had big boy jobs and cars and bills just like everyone else working there.. Bally's had no intention of making our trip better, and only made it worse.. I cannot recommend that anyone stay at Bally's, and I would not have any future business with them
