I had a horrible experience with this place so I may be biased. I went in the middle of the summer to reserve a spot for coworkers. I was sweating, overheating, hungry and miserable. I went next door to get a snack, the bartender completely ignored me for 10 minutes. When he did come over he was snooty and a real bastard. I ordered olives to keep myself from passing out, that took another 15 minutes. He brought it, I gave him a 5 and he never returned with my change! He didn't deserve my money!!. But once we finally entered the pizzeria it was boring and overhyped. The wait staff was just as uninterested as the bartender and never brought refills or a glass of water!!. Seriously, eff this place
If I could give you NO stars I would. I went there on a thursday night at 9:15pm.  The tables were full but there were 5 seats at the bar. The hostess (manager) told me that it would be a 15min wait for the bar, seriously? there are five seats open! She then said that she had people waiting for the bar. Well, there was no one waiting and no one in the house next door. The problem is that people think it is OK to wait 3 hours for OK pizza and be rushed to finish because the media praises this place.. There are many places in Phoenix that are better (Cibo) without the Hostess attitude. Your a pizza place not the French Laundry! And yes I have had the pizza, on 3 different occasions and it's not THAT good.  If you spent more time training your staff on customer service you might be able to open another location but my guess is that your afraid to.
This is a really good pizza, but its not worth the wait or the nasty hurry you up staff.  If Chris Bianco wants to work short days and not be open two days a week and close in the summer plus only be able to seat 60 people that is fine but people should start walking away when the wait is over 30 minutes.  There is way too many places in Phoenix and the surrounding towns that offer great food at great prices without the wait.
I would give it 2 stars if it shouldn't of been as everyone raves "The place with the best pie in Arizona."  Can you say over-rated?  We had no wait; we showed up when they opened.  Antipasta was absolutely delicious, but that's where it stops.   The salad was extremely bland with only greens and oil nothing else. Please put at least a mixture of spring greens if you're only going to put lettuce in your salad.  We had 2 pies. I like to try unique pizzas, and they have one with pistaccios.  Had to try that, and we had one of their other suggested pies with salami and olives.  Both pizzas were beyond charred, and trust me I love an extra crispy thin crust pie.  These were both ridiculous.  I would understand if I asked for well done, but these were their normal cooked pies.  The salami and olive pie was inedible; it tasted like a burned salt lick.  The pistaccio pie was too burned to get the flavor, but from what I could tell it too wouldn't of been that good.  All four of us that dined there that night are pizza fanatics, and we were extremely excited to finally dine here.  We were all terribly disappointed.  The price was very reasonable considering the quality of ingredients.  They should know when to pull a pie out of the oven, or at least within ten minutes of that time.  They should keep an eye on a wood fire oven like that instead of letting pizzas almost start on fire.  I can't believe they didn't remake them, and actually sent those pies out.  Maybe that is why everyone waits 3 hours to dine here, they probably burn all the food and have to remake it.
You hear about the most amazing pizza ever.  You arrive and are told the wait is 1.5 hours.  You are encouraged to go to the wine bar next door where you are treated indifferently.  You wait.  You wait.  You wait.. . Your name is finally called, and you are directed to a table.  You are rushed through your order.  Your $6.00 salad arrives.  It is a mound of lettuce with four small olives.  Your pizzas arrive.  They are soggy and floppy on the inside, burnt on the crust.  You ask for a little parmesan.  You are brought a dish of cheese with a spoon in it that is clearly circulated around the restaurant as needed.. . Your bill arrives.  Nearly $50.00 for two mediocre pizzas and a 'salad'.  You look at the itemized receipt: "Side Parm - $3.00" (the equivalent of charging patrons ketchup for fries and not telling them about it).. . You do not come back.
You're kidding me, right? 5 stars? On a 50 point scale maybe! When I held up the pizza to the light, I could blasted see through it! If I want to pay $16 for pretty air, I'll come back. . . The only positives were spending time with my colleague and Dave, our server - the nicest, fastest, most courteous guy in the joint. And is the only reason it got a single star.. . Don't know why this place is so overrated... Save yourself some time, money, and culture - order togo from Buca.
My family and I had a horrible experience here in June.  We were visiting from D.C. and our mother took us here because of all the rave reviews.  I was 7 months pregnant at the time, and also brought my two young children.  The staff was very rude and even asked me to wait outside for our table, the restaurant was NOT crowded and I asked to sit at the bar to wait because I was uncomfortable, but was told I could not.  Furthermore, the pizza was not worth any wait!!  Oregano's  pizza is better and the service/staff are outstanding compared to snobby  Pizzeria Bianco!!
Another popular place in Phoenix but I gotta say why? The food is the average run of the mill type you find all over Phoenix and what a disappointment that is after waiting 2+ hours to get in. The atmosphere is nice but the services lacks and the attitude reminds me of a restaurant better suited for a Scottsdale location. You defiantly get a sense from the place that they think they are the cats meow. Totally over priced for what you get and the quality. Try the Parlor or Cibo less attitude better food.
If you like burnt bread with very little toppings, this is a great place. I thought it was a waste of money. I have had frozen grocery pizzas better. Also, guy who parked my car moved it as it was in a different place than where he first put it. Of the 100-200 pizza places i have gone to in my life, this one would be top 10 worst.
Overrated. . We went on Sat afternoon. We expected an hour wait and we waited an hour. The server was friendly enough. salad and the pizza. The salad was not worth the money and the pizza was "soggy". I can get over "ok" pizza but.... . What earned them less than 2 stars? Once we asked for the check, 10min to be brought to the table and over 10min and 2 waves to get them to take the payment. Now I don't mind hanging out, enjoying friends and beer at the end of the meal, but we had no beer and if you have been there, there were dozens of people waiting and watching us just sit and not eat. One couple asked us if we were done eating and why we weren't leaving, we tried to explain about the check but frankly it's not our job. . . They could have easily turned our table and sat several other couples and saved us from crowd control.
I know this place is overrated crap. I have tried 3 times to eat here but just cannot wait that long for a fucking pizza. I seriously doubt it is worth the wait. Even when it was DEAD, it was still 45 min. FUCK YOU! I have had great pizza in my life, in NY, SF, CHICAGO, LA and San Diego. Hell there is even good pizza in Phx. Why this place gets all the love is beyond me. The staff is snotty too. I have no desire to eat here, ever! The pizza looked OK while I was waiting. But Pizza is simple, if you know what your doing you can make as good or better than this joint....hint: Grazie's !!! No wait. FUCK this joint. they can suck it. I refuse to be a loser waiting 1,2-4 hours for a fucking pizza! Just stupid!!!
Pizza, good not great.  Staff incredibly rude if you want a leisurely paced meal.  We ordered over a hundred dollars of food and drink (4 adults) but as soon as our pizzas were done the staff stopped refilling the ice teas and did not ask if we wanted a second round of beer & wine.  Instead they started pulling everything off the table, including the sugar!  It's all about turning over the table.  At least give people an hour at the table!
Great pizza but the service's main goal seems to be to get you out of the restaurant as soon as possible. Definitely did not feel welcome.
I am a fan of great pizza, and the two times I have been here, I have not experienced good pizza.  In fact, the last time my girlfriend and I ate at Pizzeria Bianco (a few weeks ago) we both got very sick.  I don't expect to like everything that I eat, but I certainly expect to not get paralyzingly sick after a $100 meal.  Sickness aside, the quality of pizza and appetizers at Cibo is far superior to that of Pizzeria Bianco.  I will never eat here again.
My husband & I have gone here many times. Fun atmosphere. Very good pizza. The staff are snobs. Of all the uptown/dowtown hipster places in the U.S. I've been to eat, I had never dined at a restaurant that fuels itself from bullying the patrons. Consistently. Mean does not = cool. Don't ask for an extra glass of water, and do what the waiter/hostess/manager tells you and you will do just fine. We finally got fed up with the treatment. We will never go back.
So I've heard everyone rave about this place but every time we've come here, there is always at least an hour wait. So we decided to come early today to avoid a wait...only to be told that they do not do outdoor seating or takeout on the weekends (our dog was with us and we were not going to leave him in the car). We tried to be flexible but it was like they didn't care for our business...looks like it was never meant to be. They didn't even try to offer an explanation for their policy. Don't think I'll try to eat here again...not worth paying $16 for a pizza when the service is not worth it!
Not coming here again.... here's why: 1) hour and a half wait for pizza that tastes like Sbarro. 2) Grotesquely overpriced 3)  Stray cats roaming around everywhere outside the restaurant.   Gross.
Rude. Impersonal. Rude. Snooty. Keeping bar seats "saved" at 7:30 pm on a Monday night. Uncool. I won't be back. You aren't that cool. Ever. Only putting one star because I must. Awful. Only has business because of where they are located. About all there is around.
Incredibly rude hostess, she gave our table away to another group as we were about to be seated because she said they were regulars!  Are you kidding me?  After waiting an hour.. . The pizza is over rated to say the least.  It was like melted cheese on a burnt cracker.
Will not go back. Pizza was not great, service was weird, and everything was WAY too expensive. Only reason we ended up here is because it was 4pm and Cibo didn't open until 5pm. Go to Cibo or Federal instead.
Let me begin by saying that this restaurant makes a wonderful pizza made with fresh ingredients. The reason why I gave it one star is due to the service, specifically the hostess. . I decided to bring my family to this restaurant since I had been there before and I wanted to share the great experience I had two years ago. We walked in, and I was told it would be a 30-40 minute wait, which was ok since I knew it was popular. What it turned out to be was an hour wait while watching other parties that came later being seated. My mother attempted to ask politely what was the problem, and the front person said that she had told me that we would be seated in an hour. I kept on seeing other parties, regardless of size, coming in and being seated before us. When no one else could be seated and we could visibly see from outside that there were openings, we were finally seated. . . It almost felt like discrimination since everyone else was Caucasian and my family isChinese. Any Caucasian party that went it was seated almost immediately. Why did we stay? Because it would have felt like losing if we had left. . . When we finally ate, the servers were good while that hostess avoid my table like a plague and would refill other people's water but ours.. . The food was excellent. We ordered the following:. . Tomato mozzarella salad: thick slices of tomato and mozzarella drenched on olive oil and basil. An excellent starter. Spiedini: skewers of hot prosciutto wrapped around Italian fontina cheese over a bed of arugula. We wished there was one more to savor!. Marinara - excellent thin crust with a nice light tomato sauce. Only gripe is I wish there was more basil. Biancoverde - excellent white pizza with argula. A very good and refreshing pizza. Wiseguy: white pizza with sausage and onions, the favorite of the meal. One thing I wished I did was add mushrooms.. . Like I said, excellent food, poor hostess that ruined the meal for us. We tipped still because the service was good (except when we asked to see the manager). I was happy to eat the food, but I'll never go back.
I dined at Pizzeria Bianco with 10 other people in my dining-out group, all of whom are experienced with quality restaurants both in the U.S. and abroad.  No one thought this came close to being a quality dining experience.  A 7pm reservation for 11 people meant that we were shuttled over to an adjoining building to wait, where one glass of house wine was $13, which immediately set the wrong tone, along with the wait.  The reason given for the wait was to be sure the group had all arrived, despite the fact that everyone had arrived prior to 7pm; the real reason is to get more money out of everyone waiting,  through excessive wine prices.  Bad customer service.   At 7:15 someone came to the waiting room and said our table was ready; everyone marched over to the restaurant to find out that our 7pm reservation was still not ready.  Bad customer service.  Back at the waiting room we asked for menus so we could make our food selections while waiting.  We were told that they had only one menu for everyone in the waiting room (others were waiting besides our group also).  Bad customer service.  Finally at 7:30 I went back to the restaurant  to check on our table and was told at the door that the table was ready, a fact we had to find out on our own.Bad customer service.  We were seated at several small tables pushed together in the corner, not in a separate room as I had been led to believe over the phone.  Bad customer service.  Extremely cramped; noise level so high that conversation was difficult.  Drinks were brought, and I had to insist we were ready to order, not wait. The pizzas came out fairly fast.  Mediocre.  Thin crusts that were more like dried out crackers-a smear of tomato sauce with no distinctive flavor-some cheese.  The much-praised quality was simply not there, and this assessment was shared by all the other members of our party.  Some mentioned how much better Humble Pie is for pizza; others mentioned Grimaldi's.  I asked for separate checks, as I had requested over the phone when making the reservation.  Absolutely not.  Bad customer service.  We left, with no one planning to ever return or recommend  the restaurant.  Due to non-distinctive pizza, lack of customer service, high noise level, and cramped seating, this restaurant is vastly over-rated, and it is another mystery of marketing that this establishment has created the unwarranted hype that it has.
Well, I came into town for a business meeting, heard all this ra ra about this place.  Got there when they opened, no waiting walked right in so I am not upset about the wait.  First of all, great service, so the rating is for food only.. . Pizza thin crust in which I love, problem here is more about the toppings, not the crust.  I ordered the wise guy, half sauce, lets start with the sauce.  Spray painted on, and an up charge, couldn't taste the difference with or without, no flavor from the sauce I expect a nice zesty flavor nothing here.  On to toppings, quite a bit of onions, a drive by of cheese, basically another spray paint of cheese, and a few pieces of sausage.  Wow so under performing!  I paid for bread at $18.50 this is an $8-10 pizza anywhere, the amount of toppings on this, pizza this is a $6 pie.  I don't understand the pricing here, I paid for crust!. . Very bland since there are not a lot of toppings, no flavor other than the smoky crust.. . Don't bother try some other place.  No value here!
NOT WORTH IT, and disorganized.
Thought this would be a great pizza spot, based upon some reviews.. Ordered Antipasto which was a mysterious combination of 1 slice cheese, 1 slice fried eggplant, a bit of sausage and some mystery food (I think beans). This was on the menu for $15. I never had anything like this before, and hope I never will again.  It was gross.. The pizza tasted fabulous.  My only objection was the price of this tiny pie,  12" pizza pie for $20.  Only enough to feed one hungry person.  Way overpriced!
why? why? WHYYYYY?  any true pizza lover know's a good "margherita" pizza REQUIRES quality *real* sliced fresh mozzarella.  Why make a pizza with a darn good crust, sauce and fresh basil, then call this crap cheese "fresh mozzarella"?   Seriously, you were 2/3rds of the way to a 5 star pizza but your store brand shredded mozz just KILLED IT.  Another turn off...no phone orders???..rather: "come in and (pay for valet only parking), sit at the bar and order take out" - not to mention, $16 for a 12" pie that is $13 on your website.   So, $16 + $3 to park +  tip + $5 bottle of beer while waiting 40 mins for my pie = almost $30 for a crappy 12" pie....save your $$ and buy a Tombstone.
Their reviews are extremely over rated.  I am from Chicago, so I was excited to visit the famous Pizzeria Bianco. So, 4 friends went for dinner. I heard the wait was long, but seriously 3 hours, NO WAY!. So, we had a couple of bottles of expensive wine, just hanging out in the wine bar area.  After 2 hours we starting after questions about the wait?? Let me mention that even the bartenders were confused on our extremely long wait at this point.  After having visiting the hostess stand a few times, at 3 hours I went to ask, "Whats up", all because we had notice people who arrived after us being seated, Not good right!  Actually one of the groups that came in after my group was a gentlemen from my work, so when they got seated immediately I ask WHY? I was told that was a personal friend of Chris Bianco's.  Well, it was also a co-worker of mine.  An any account, to seat them (personal friends or not) before my group, who now having been waiting for 3 hours is NOT right, NOT a good business practice.  As I proceeded to inform the hostess of my concerns, Chris Bianco himself came out to inform me that it is his restaurant and he can seat who ever he wants, whenever he wants, and I might mention his voice was inappropriately loud and rude.  Well, being in the hospitality industry for 25 years, I could not help but to express my dissatisfaction, as you might image.  As my group decided to leave, Chris Bianco and 3 of his male employees followed us out of the restaurant, yelling and screaming at us, with foul language.  I was SHOCKED! In my life I have never had such a HORRIBLE experience!  We did not pay for the wine, and I might add that the bar tenders never presented us with a bill, probably because they knew better.  2 of the 4 adults in my part work in the Hotel/Resort industry, over 35 years combined.  Working for super brands in the industry.  We encounter individuals from all social, economical, and political background.  We are often ask for recommendations, on occasions people will ask about Pizzeria Bianco, I ALWAYS TELL MY STORY, I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PLACE, NEVER!  Karma Chris, Karma.
WOW, Extremely overpriced and rude.  I understand you don't want kids in your establishment but you are right next to a children's museum.  We went there starving and left mildly hungry after dropping $50 on ok pizza.  I have definitely had better at a lower price but the main reason I am even reviewing this place is how rude the wait staff was.
This rating is based on the terrible customer service we experienced with the manager that was working the day (11/30) we tried to eat there.  We arrived around 4pm and went to the bar next door (Bar Bianco) because we didn't want to eat til 5:30 ish.  We had a wonderful experience at the bar; the bartender was very friendly, the ambiance is nice, and the wine and beer were tasty.  Around 5 I walked next door to the pizzeria and told the manager I needed seating for 2, she said it would be around 30 minutes and she put me down on the waiting list, I told her I would be next door.  About 30 minutes went by and another employee from the restaurant came over to see who was waiting for a table.  I informed her we had put our name in about 30 minutes prior, she said she would check and get back to me.  Another ten minutes passed and I ended up walking over to find out what the hold up was.  I again spoke with the manager whom acted as if I was bothering her and in a condescending tone she told me my name was on the list and she would let me know when something became available.  Meanwhile there were at least 6 open seats at the bar and 3 empty tables inside.  I went back to the bar and waited another 10 minutes before returning to the restaurant.  When I walked in, the restaurant was about 2/3rd's full but there was plenty of outdoor seating.  The manager told me there was still a wait of about 5 minutes, I expressed to her that we had been waiting for at least 50 minutes at this point and while we wanted to sit inside, I asked her if we could sit outside.  She said we could and told me the bartender was supposed to offer us that option.  Seems to me a good manager would have taken responsibility for being in charge of the operation and that if you have clients waiting to be seated and you have seating available you would get those patrons seated, not put it off on the bartender.  Finally we sit.  At this point the restaurant is probably half full.  The waitress promptly  takes our order and she never comes back.  Ten minutes pass with no food and no update from the waitress.  I finally flag down another employee and tell him to cancel the order cause now we are out of time and have to get to the airport.  From my perspective of what happened that day and reading the reviews here of how this place is supposedly legendary, the only conclusion I could come to is they are famous now and really don't care about the customer experience.  At least that is how I felt the manager acted and how we were treated.
Rude! We sat down after visiting the children's museum and the waitress came over and took our drink order. Our drinks were delivered to our table and a couple questions about the menu were asked. A few minutes after that a woman came over and asked us if we just sat ourselves. We answered yes because there was an open table on the patio, no sign, and no one had greeted us as we walked up to the patio. We didn't think about it as we did not see anyone standing and it's a pizza place. But we were wrong. The woman told us we cut in front of a bunch of parties and we were brought our tab and asked to leave. I was upset because she was very rude about it and the waitress never said anything. So I ended up having to pay $18 dollars for our drinks and then we walked across to the pub across the street where the food and service was much better. I would never eat here again. At least they could have asked us to wait. Plain rude!!
