Warning. . Inaccessible and infuriating.. . What began as a 1hr-2hr wait turned into bouncers telling people that they were at full capacity or that the line was a 3+ hour wait. This happened THREE times in the past 5 days I was trying to grab a meal there.. . Here's where it became a sh*tshow. The M resort offers a lot of complimentary deals now to gamblers now. Why you ask? To make their gamblers stay at the hotel longer, therefore raking in more revenue. Smart ass business plan they got there, they even have the weekdays covered with special deals such as "Senior Wednesdays" (a horror fest with all 60+ seniors filling the entire casino to the brim with walkers and wheel chairs). The M resort definitely cares more about making their gamblers stay; they hand out comped meals like candy therefore making the VIP line EXTREMELY long on top of the EXTREMELY long waiting lines thus translating to absolutely absurd waiting times.. . Another point observed in my 5+ visits there (which all ended up driving back on the strip since it was packed to the brim), apparently they also offer meal passes (all day any day) to locals, so forget about going on weekends when the entire city of LV is trying to grab a good deal.. . The M resort has made their star buffet too accessible to the masses. Just a warning to people who don't want to wait 3+ hours for a 20 dollar buffet. Are you seriously going to waste hours of your time just to save a few dollars on a buffet? Spend the extra 10 and go on to Bellagio and the Wynn, their lines move way faster now (waited 30 or less minutes for both of them on a WEEKEND during dinner rush).  . . Or wait a few years until the old folks that flood the lines to croak from too much crab legs and beef fat.
The M Resort doesn't nearly deserve any of the praise and hype in my opinion.  Let's just talk about the buffet.  Overall the food is fair.  For $29.99 you can enjoy a 'seafood buffet' which means you get the leftovers from everything not eaten by yesterday's crowds with some additional crab legs, mahi-mahi and shrimp.  The crab legs are a little too fishy tasting as they sit in heaps next to a vat of melted butter which has particles of various foods floating in it.  Typically, people at buffets get in line for the crab legs, well, not at this place and now I know why.  Their crab is disgusting.  Some of the other buffet mentionables include marginal prime rib and tri-tip beef.  The desserts I would say are above average, particularly the coconut macaroons and creme brule.  How this buffet got dubbed 'Best Buffet' in LV by Best of Las Vegas is a joke and somebody is definitely on the take.  . However, the average food gets overlooked by the poor service across the board.  From top to bottom, the cashiers, maitre de, servers, etc are all less than helpful.  After 45 minutes in line to enter the buffet, there was a guy in front of my party who brought a wedding party of 60 (all of whom were gambling, shopping or whatever rather than waiting in the line) to the front of the line as he approached the cashiers.  No they didn't have a reservation.  No they didn't pay together.  They each paid separately and this was a total inconvenience to the 150+ people who actually waited in line and it created about a 20 minute standstill log jam and the line didn't move while servers scrambled to create a table to fit a party of 60.  I think the M could have prevented this by having a line usher to police the line.  When I expressed my opinion of that its poor policy to have 1 person wait in line for a party of 60, without a reservation, without paying altogether, the Maitre De, just didn't seem interested to listen at all.  Utter shame.  . I thought I was going to a highly touted local casino with a touch of classy.  Well, I was mistaken.  For those of you looking to go to a classy locals casino, hit up the Green Valley Ranch Resorts.  Better atmosphere, gaming, food and they know how to treat people.   . I will never step foot in the M resort ever again and neither will my friends or family.   So guess how many stars I'm giving the M?
Man been in Vegas for 6 days and this was the one place my mom wanted to eat at.  The service was terrible.  We were the only people in line and I leaned against the wall looking at the sign that says wait until you are called. I  watched 3 cashiers not even want to take our money.  I haven't seen the waitress in 30 minutes.  The food is below average at best.  the free wine and beer would be nice but I'm not drinking this morning.  I'm sure it would make the food taste better if I was.  I can't believe I drove 25 minutes just for this.  The scary thought to me is my 8 year old even thinks this isn't good.
Skip this place and drive to a better buffet.. . What I'd get here:  Crab legs. Only get the crab legs.. Who I'd take here: Friends after a night on the town.. Comparable to: Any buffet on the strip. . . Food Quality: 0. The food here is worse than other buffets. Everything was disappointing, except for the crab legs. This place also charges an on-the-strip price for the buffet despite all this. The only redeeming quality is the booze.. -2 disappointed with everything we got. -1 very expensive for what you're getting.. . Service Quality: -1. The service for us was OK, but we witnessed a situation where a baby ended up vomiting near us. One of the wait staff ran up to the table and told them they had to leave, she was being extremely abrasive, and yelling. It came to the point where tables around them had to stop eating and watch this drama unfold, culminating into the manager having the wait person apologize to the family for yelling at them. You'd think they'd be offered some sort of free meal for this order, but it was left at a simple apology. Terrible.. -4 abrasive wait staff.. . Location, Cleanliness and Ambiance: 2. This place is off the strip, so it's not a desireable place to go unless you're staying here for some reason (i can't fathom).. -1 off the strip.. . How I rate: I have 3 categories, and each category starts at 3 points. For each item where I am impressed, they get 1 point; disappointed, lose one point.. . Overall rating: round(average(ratings)) = round(.3) = 0. The first and only zero I've ever given a place.
Horrible experience.  Went there with my father over Labor Day.  When we arrived the line was very long, but moving so we decided to get in.  At first the line crept along, but at least it moved.  Then it slowed down. Then it slowed down to a stop.  We had already paid so we were stuck.  We saw MANY open tables and numerous hostesses talking amougnst themselves about what to do, but not actually doing anything like actually seating the customers.  It took over 1 1/2 hours from getting in line to getting to our table.  And remember there were many, many open tables so there was more than enough seating.  Just not enough customer service.  No food, especially at an expensive buffet such as this, is worth that wait.  Will never go back.
OVER-RATED. . . If you like waiting in line for nearly an hour and a half to experience a mediocre buffet, this is the place for you. Not necessarily the restaurant's fault, but when you get in line, expect that it's really twice as long as it is because people (as many as 10) would join a single waiting person in line near the front. I wish they would have cracked down on this better and not allowed cutting. . . Let's get to the food. The sushi is NOT like you see in the pictures. More like dried out pieces of nigiri unagi with crappy California rolls, not lush-looking pieces of tuna neatly arranged on rice. Sometimes they would bring out a piece with shrimp on it but, looking at the quality of the other sushi pieces, I opted to stay away.. . The prime rib and the crab were good, but you can get that at any buffet on the strip. The sides were mediocre, except for the sweet potatoes with bruleed marshmallows on top. Tried a BBQ rib, but it was really tough and dried out. May as well have been microwaved and slathered with sauce.. . The tarts had a mixture of canned and fresh fruit on them. Who wants a tart with a piece of canned pineapple and a canned peach? No thanks.. . The total for two adults (pre-tip) was $76.00. This price was not competetive enough to justify the line. Go someplace else -- like the Bellagio -- and spend a little more to avoid the wait and have a much better dining experience.
This review is based on Saturday of Memorial Day weekend. This buffet is terrible compared to what it was even a year ago. On Saturday, we arrived at 1:30 and there wasn't a line. That was a first but the lobster was at 2:30 so we weren't worried.  The food was cold, the kalbi ribs were so tough I couldn't cut them without a struggle.  They listed something like bbq chicken legs as a special for the holiday. This turned out to be the regular fried chicken without the breasts and thighs.  The crab legs were cold and cut in half. The kid in charge said that this was because too many people got hurt eating them before. Overall this place has gone downhill, it used to be great,  now the desserts are the only thing above average. What we had should have a price around 12 to 15 dollars, not 34.
Two words..FOOD POISIONING . . Took my boyfriend here for the first time 6/8/2012 for his birthday dinner and we both got sick! 72 hours late he was still suffering on the toilet from eating something bad from this buffet.. . May it be that we didn't eat u until 8:00, an hour before closing and ate left food for too long or last tray meals, or unproper food handling on studio b buffets part, possibly. But 6 hours after eating here, my poor boyfriend got the worse of the symptoms...100.5 fever, abdominal pains, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea of all sorts you name it. I for once have a stomach that isn't as sensitive as his but am still suffering from cramps and bad gas.. . We tried to pinpoint what we both ate that got us sick, it is either the stir fry vegetables, the kalbi ribs or the chow mein . Ekkk I'm feeling sick just thinking of it.. . Please studio b buffet, just because it is an hour before closing and there is less than 20 patrons eating who all waited an hour in line to eat here, please be more careful with proper food handling. There's no excuse.
I'm a local, so I decided to finally try Studio B after hearing all the good reviews.  What a mistake!   We visited three different times, each on different days and each for breakfast, lunch and dinner.  I was not at all impressed with the food or the atmosphere/set-up of the buffet.  There may be a lot of selection, but the quality is just not there. I'd take quality over quantity anytime!  We finally decided that even though they send us coupons for free buffets each month, there is no way we will ever be going back. Nor will we recommend to anyone to spend the money for sub-par food.  There are far better quality buffets for a much more reasonable price.
Expensive for a sucky buffet. The food was very mediocre with a very few exceptions that is not worth the money I paid for this. The crab legs, clam chowder, and desserts were the main highlight of the buffet. The sushi looks disgusting, the oysters were disgusting, and everything else was cheap. If you want food that actually has taste then go to the buffet at the Cosmopolitan. I guess the only way to make the buffet worth it is to drink as well. Waited 1.5 hours too. Best Las Vegas buffet my @$$.. never again!
i was really looking forward to the wynn buffet during my stay in vegas. one of my friends actually suggested this place and kept talking about how amazing the buffet here is. I still dont see anything amazing about this place. it is very overpriced for average food. 40 dollars per person i think is a little ridiculous for this buffet. the only good think about it was the unlimited BEER&WINE. nice.
Las Vegas is a city that offers so many different choices when it comes to "All You Can Eat" Buffets, that you have to wonder how some of the lower quality buffets can stay in business.  Since I live in the South West part of town, I really wanted to check out the Studio B Buffet at the M Resort.  I read some of the reviews and many speak about the large variety of options that Studio B has to offer.. .             There were a lot of negative reviews talking about the long lines, disorganization, and less than pleasant service - but I had to check it out for myself.  When my husband and I went it was strictly a personal visit and had nothing to do with writing a review or feature story, but just to have some down time and enjoy some good food that I didn't have to write about.  However, as you can see, it has turned into a writing project.. .             We decided to go to what they call the "Seafood" buffet, which is on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday evenings since seafood is something we both adore.  The line was long and took us an hour to get through to the cashier.  Once we arrived at the end of the stanchions and the next available cashier was finished with their customer we walked up to her and I was told that I needed to get back in line until I was called.  Not only was the comment rude and lacked any form of great customer service, her tone and demeanor was anything but friendly.  Smiles were definitely not part of the cashier's uniforms.. .             After paying $40 per person (which includes all you can drink wine and beer) we had to wait on another line until we were seated -- this took an additional 20 minutes.  Once we say down it took exactly 18 minutes before a server came and asked us what we wanted to drink. I kept it simple and chose my usual iced tea with lemon.  We left the table to check out the buffet and after walking the entire buffet line, filling our initial plate and grabbing a beer, we arrived back to the table where the iced tea had still not arrived.. .             I'm going to keep this part of the story short since there is so much more to say.  Bottom line I eventually the iced tea made it to the table and we never saw a refill for the entire time we were there.  We decided to just leave the food on the plates and go to Hash House for dinner.  The service was horrible.  My husband and I have both spent over 20 years in the food and beverage industry and we do understand that sometimes, you just have a bad day and things don't go well.  However, it was something that needed to be brought to the attention of management.. .             I sent a letter into the Food and Beverage department explaining that the experience was less than desirable in hopes that they would take a look at some of the issues discussed and work on improving them.. .             I was promptly contacted back by Melissa "Missy" Herber, the Room Manager for Studio B, who was very kind, professional, and appeared very concerned about the issues at hand.  She invited us back for dinner on her and explained that:. .             "The M Resort strives to deliver excellent customer service and memorable guest experiences.  Again we apologize on behalf of Studio B and the M Resort for any disappointment or hardships we may have caused." And that we should "Please accept this email as an invitation for two to join us for the Seafood Buffet again as I am confident you will leave having the kind of experience The M Resort is so well known for.  Your name will be with cashiers, please enter through the VIP line and let the cashier know that we have your name and they will take care of the rest.". .                   Missy was very correct, we would leave with a memorable experience. . .             We went back to the M tonight to enjoy the kind of experience that Missy said the M resort is so well known for.  When we arrived at the VIP line as stated, again, there was a very long line.  Once we reached the cashier and I gave her my name she looked in this white 3 ring binder and explained that my name was not on the list and Missy was not on property.  She then asked if I was sure that I gave her my correct name.  Really?? Would I really not know my name?. FOR THE REST OF THIS REVIEW CLICK HERE:  http://sincitynews.org/2012/10/26/studio-b-buffet-at-the-m-resort-big-on-variety-does-not-mean-big-on-quality/
No idea how this place gets voted best Vegas buffet, or anywhere on anyone's top 10 list.. . We had the seafood buffet, where there was a large variety of items, all made by school cafeteria cooks. All the meats were well, well done and dry, and you had "hot" crab legs that had simply been baking under heat lamps for hours, not actually fresh out of a boiling pot like any other place.. . They were slow and skimpy with nicer foods - the carvers at the meat stations would take frequent breaks and let a line build up, and the sushi section was simply empty and unstocked 4 out of 5 times I passed by.  There were several sections on the right side that were *labeled* with nicer foods like smoked salmon or trout, but had been simply replaced by salads instead. Crepes were pre-made and pre-packaged with toppings, and they only give you a 1/4 slice of a crepeat that. My standard drink is an orange juice at buffets, which every other has a real version of - the M Resort served up some hideous Sunny D from concentrate concotion.. . The waiter service wasn't very attentive, and both us and the table next door ended up stacking about 25 plates on an empty nearby table before someone came to pick them up.. . That hasn't even gotten to the $40 per person cost for lunch, for which they tack on the mandatory cost of alcohol even if you don't drink. That's in the same category of the Bellagios and Wynns and Caesar's of Vegas, all of which are more centrally located and actually serve decent food. The line also took about an hour, at around 2-3 on a Saturday.. . If you're looking for a buffet and nowhere close to the strip, go to a buffet at one of the Station casinos - it's a $7.99 (vs. $40) lunch and the food is hands-down BETTER.
Okay, I don't even understand how this place has so many good reviews.. . We came here for Christmas, and the first impression we got was that it was a nice place.  There is a huge selection of food!  We saw thai, chinese, italian, japanese, indian, american, mediterranean, and a bunch of aromatic meats!. . However, when we got eating, it was a different story.  I'm going to list the foods we had problems with:. . 1.)  the meats - I don't eat meat, but my boyfriend and his sisters do.  They smelled delicious, and smell should be half of what you eat right?  They had no taste.  My boyfriend and his sisters couldn't taste any meat when they bit into their steaks and ribs.  It tasted like chewy nothing.. . 2.)  crab legs - I saw a bunch of people eating crab legs, since I believe they were Alaskan crab.  My boyfriend got a bunch, and said it tasted like the ocean.  Only a small portion of the tip was sweet, which is what the entire crab leg should've tasted like.  He tried every single crab leg on his plate, and they all tasted salty.. . 3.)  bread rolls - they had giant holes in the middle.  I don't understand how that is even possible. . 4.)  macaroni and cheese - I don't know how you mess up a childhood favourite, but it didn't taste like anything good or even mediocre.. . 5.)  macaroons - tasted like the ocean.  HOW DO MACAROONS TASTE LIKE THE OCEAN?. . 6.)  desserts - they were decorated nicely in small cups, but we saw a couple get a whole bunch, but ended up not eating a lot.  There was a good reason too.  Ever wondered how play-doh taste like?  If you really want to know, go to Studio B buffet and get one of these desserts, and you will get the full experience of eating play-doh.  They taste exactly how play-doh should taste like.. . 7.)  pad thai - tasted like panda express =.= . . I'm not too sure what else is wrong, but the entire evening was just a sad, sad, evening.  We are never going back to Studio B buffet...ever.  The free alcohol was pretty cool, but they didn't even taste that great.
Okay well I went in on Thursday night around 7pm the line was kinda long but i waited it out, . I was i n line for a 1 hour and 20min. when i finally went into the buffet it was around 8:25 pm then I notice there was about 30 tables were empty and clean. Just dont understand why i waited so long to get in. . . Well never return
FOOD POISONING I visited this buffet on my way to Barstow for work. After seeing all the signs along the 15 for how great it was. So my boss and I stop and eat lunch. If it wasn't for the food poisoning the food was average. Nothing was amazing or really attacked my taste buds. 3 stars for good. -2 stars for the food poisoning. As this was the only meal of the day for me I can be certain where I got sick. After we ate we were a little bummed because the food really wasn't that great. .    Once we got to our hotel in Barstow California we went to our rooms to rack out. At roughly 7 pm I was in a fever and sweating and legitimately hallucinating. I called my boss saying something was wrong( I don't remember doing so). My boss got me into the car and took me straight to the hospital. I don't remember the trip or even when my boss got into my room and took me downstairs. I got to the ER with a fever of 103 degrees. They did their magic and I'm still here:) The scary part was when the doctor told us that I wouldn't have made it to morning had I not been taken to the ER. Btw my boss also had food poisoning. As we had tried differant foods it coulda been anything. Wanna know the kicker? Barstows hospital gets at least one FOOD POISONING a week after eating at the M. I guess that Barstow is the half waypoint of people coming from California and they get sick going home? .    To wrap this up. DO NOT EAT HERE! It's not worth 1700 dollars on hospital bills(after insurance). I really wanted to like this place. But for as long as I live this place will NEVER get a sign off from me. Go to the Bellagio for your vegas buffet fix. I've been three 6 times. Never almost died.
Don't eat here!!! Waited in line with 10 other people for 30 minutes even though there were a dozen open tables. We concluded they were trying to get a line going to draw attention to the place. The food was not good, basically Hometwon Buffet style. To too it off I got food poisoning, probably from the sushi. The only redeeming quality is if you drink they have free alcohol. I would strongly warn people against eating here.
Garbage. 50 dollars for a buffet not offering lobster or King crab legs. Don't make me laugh, over priced hype is what i paid for. There are way better options within the Vegas strip for the fraction of the price. Don't get duped into the "number 1 buffet" marketing gimic they post all over the strip because quite frankly i went with a group of 15 people, the majority of us were disappointed.. . Food: . The steak was bland, parts of it were completely raw. They offered small snow crab legs that were bad quality, it was disappointing. The price in my opinion doesn't justify the ratings, or the food at all and is a misrepresentation of what to expect. This Buffet would be better represented if the price of entry was around 20 dollars. The Food was mediocre for the price of 50,service was mediocre deserts selection was mediocre.. . Conclusion. It's a mediocre buffet, save your self the money and the drive and stay on the strip. I'm telling you now, Go to wicked spoon, Paris, The Rio buffet, the Wynn. ANYWHERE but this place.
Heard good things about this place so when we got to Vegas we stopped here. Well don't waste your money!!!! It's about $40 a person! Very overpriced! There isn't a real big selection of food. I've had better. Basically your paying for the unlimited beer n wine. Quality of food n meat are low grade too ... Meat was tough! If your Gona spend this amount of money go to bellagios buffet.
I have been to several buffets in Las Vegas, and this place has been by far the worst one EVER! The place is clean and I have nothing to complain about the atmosphere and the waiters/waitresses are great since they have such excellent services. . . The only downsides are the food. I did not eat like swallow, engulf the food like a "whale shark," or made any of those "OMG!!! BOMB!" I just taste like I tasted and spited it out. Some are taste and spit. Some are alright like it's not great but it's not nasty. I should have went to RIO. Plus for $45 that didn't feed me?I'm pissed! . . When we were about to leave, my husband was like, "should we warn the people in line?" I just laughed.
Extremly Dissapointed, I came to this place thinking it was truly the best place in Vegas but its not even close to Good. Don't Waist your Money.
Today is the worst experience I've had here. The food quality has been going downhill steadily, along with the quality of the help. Sure, there are still the great few employees that work here, but the increase in price (doubled since they've opened) and cut crab legs really are the points why I do not recommend this buffet anymore to visiting guests. . The employees ignore you while you wait for something just out of reach, then help people who cut in line while you've been waiting to get their attention. . The feel is they got popular really fast, got arrogant, and now it's being reflected in the overall dining experience. . This place was great the first 2-3 years of opening.  Recently, not so much. . Pity.
it not a place for kids or nonsmokers. it smell so bad and we were having a hard time breathing and out eyes turn red. the manager need more training. it took 1 hr 16 minutes to be seated and we know why. once we got seated,we notice several tables were empty and the reason why is the employee have to walk all the way to the front desk and notify others instead of using walkie talkie. roasted pork  and other dishes was too salty. osyter have broken shell  on it. picture yourself bite a rock.they ran out of real sushi and only serve fake sushi. they don't have  exciting dishes to try such as marinated meat,kebab,fish ceviche with mango, caviar,smoke fish pizza,pocket pita,scallops,stone crab,calamari,garlic fries,. they don't have 100 percent juice drinks, small dessert island, some of the dishes are tasteless. service (randy )was great. lack of fruits.. the funny thing is they show food channel on their tv monitor by the kitchen . they need to watch and learn.
Went solo for seafood night. There has been a change over time at the M and Studio B. Less tables, tables sit dirty for Long periods of time. You stand in line worse than any Disney line. Only 3 items seem to be added for seafood night. Oysters, crab legs and not King crab and shrimp. Everything else is their regular buffet. So for these items you pay a great deal more. My family refuses to stand in line which is a long time. Last night there were only 14 couples ahead of me. It took over an hour before I got a table. Do not think I will be back until something improves.
I have been to this buffet many times for lunch and a couple of times for breakfast and always thought is was excellent in regards to food quality and customer service from the workers behind the food counter to the servers.. . This time I went for dinner.  I was happy that there was not a line so I got right in around 7:30.  The food selection was not appealing to me for dinner.  The signs telling you what the food was was not always what was on the serving dish.  The food that I tried was under seasoned  and barely warm.  They were not changing dishes as frequently as they do for lunch.
The quality of this place has gone down dramatically.  I would call it an overpriced seafood buffet.. . I've had good experiences before at the M but now it's not as great anymore compared to other vegas buffets.  The crab is precut so it turns out to be super dry.  The M used to have big juicy crab legs and now they're small and dry.  The duck I had was rubbery and tasted like the fat wasn't rendered and it sat in the oven too long.  Everything else is just your average buffet aside from oysters they had that wasn't even stocked at all times.  . . Dont spend you're 40$ per person here.  Spend it somewhere else for better food.
I think this place is a Hometown Buffet in disguise... I tried the leg of lamb, tri tip, and baked salmon. All were bland. I asked one of the workers about how long the sushi was sitting out there, and she gave me the run around. I also tried some veggie fried rice with general tsau "chicken" (if you've seen the video of chicken mcnuggets under a microscope, then this will look familiar). Worst of all, the desserts were underwhelming. At least the water was okay. I think every other buffet in Vegas in this price range is of better quality.
This has to be one of the worst buffet I have had. Food was either too cold or too salty.  . . Wait time : 1/5. Food : 1/5. Service : 3/5
I am highly disappointed.. . I heard this buffet was excellent, not only from yelp, but from my friends. So I was very excited to try the buffet while waiting in line for an hour and a half during Christmas dinner. . . The buffet is 40$ on Friday-Sunday and holidays because of added seafood, other days are around 24$.. . I will quickly highlight points to save all you curious people time.. . A lot of the food were SALTY: lambs, orange chicken, fish.. . Salmon was dried, sushi so plain, crab meat very empty, oyster was not fresh.. . The service was terrible, the waitress mixed my party drinks with another party.. . I honestly feel like the restaurant is having an issue with their main chefs because there's a reason why they have 4 stars ratings from before.. . I will not come back, until I know 100% the quality of the food will be better. I recommend Rio Carnival Buffet. The 1-star is for upsetting my whole party.
