So, let's get a few things sorted out first.  This show has been changed twice, totaling 3 different shows, my review is of the latest show.  For the record, Le Reve is NOT a Cirque du Soleil show.  Let me repeat this, Le Reve is NOT a Cirque du Soleil production.  Yes Cirque currently has 7 productions in Las Vegas, but this is NOT one of them.. . I feel a few too many people have had their hand in the artistic development of this production which is why it has become such a snore. Believe me, I tried... I tried to enjoy it, but it was lacking in many areas.. . Shows such as these are indeed about the acts, but the details are what add to the character and enjoyment of such performance.  For instance, in the current production, a guy and girl and seemingly on a date at the beginning.  The guy kneels down and the girl turns around while he's whisked off the stage.  As the turns around, he's gone.  The acts and performances are what seem to be her thoughts during those critical moments of her being with him or not.  At the end, when he's brought back in, he is kneeling on the wrong knee!  Such a subtle change ruins the flow and realness of the performance.  I may be overly critical, but true artists know the vision of a production and ascertain such small details are solid.. . As for the actual performances, most were decent and visually appealing, but there were issues with them.  For instance, the dancers, although choreographed together, were not solid as a unit.  Having one person slightly off can be undetected, but not 20-40% of the group.  The synchronized swimming was one area this was noticeable, which by the way there were too many swimmers to make the act even look nice.. . The otheraspect of the performance is that there are small side-acts taking place that are completely distracting for the main act.  Cirque knows how to pull this off with many things going on, yet the audience knows where to look and when.  I missed part of a breath-taking high dive because I was looking at some actor doing headstands...  Le Reve completely misses this mark.. . Having Dragone's background and experience at Cirque du Soleil from 1985 to 1999 is what convinced me to see Le Reve, but it seems as if Wynn himself has had too much of a hand in this show and has degraded what could be a great performance piece.  Sadly, I wouldn't recommend this show to anyone.
Le Reve, we thought it had so much potential from what we read in a few good reviews, from its advertising & print ad, and because it was in the beautiful Wynn hotel. Ohhh sadly and $200+ lost...it was not worth the money or our time. . . Before the show started, when I walked in the theater, I was impressed by the beauty of the theater and set. It was elegant and lavish. The shape of the theater is circular which allows for all around good viewing. . . However, in the first few minutes after Le Reve started I knew we were in for a long show, and a fake, poorly copied, rendition of a Cirque Du Soleil.. . The show lacked any level of sophistication; it simply felt like an elaborate high school production. Yes the set was beautiful, however, almost every other facet of the show felt amateur- the "acting", costumes, choreography, most of the props, the music & a few poorly timed and sloppy acrobatics. . . Le Reve was a jumbled, disorganized mess of confused story line/plot, although I could see that they were trying to hide behind the theme of "good & evil". However, where was the director trying to go with it and why did they fall back on all the endless, dim cliches? The silly looking devil and even sillier looking angel costumes seemed like they were bought at some corner store, from the cheap, leftover Halloween costumes bin.. . One description....those stupid, stiletto, red heels poking out of the water dancing all around...I mean WTF. If you're not a male with a foot/shoe fetish, you'll probably think the dancing shoes are ridicules & TACKY!!!. . My boyfriend and I giggled and yawned our way through Le Reve and had regular mutters "do you want to go" or "I can't take it anymore...this is awful."  However, beyond all the silliness, the show was just boring and noisy, it lacked true entertainment, grace or mystique.. . It simply felt that Le Reve was trying to imitate one of the Cirque Du Soleil shows, particularly "O", but it fell disastrously flat. Le Reve played with water as their set, but it was "O" that masterfully incorporated it so well to the point that "O" is called the water show. . . I must say that I may have given Le Reve 2 stars if my boyfriend and I hadn't seen "O" by Cirque Du Soleil two nights before. We were completely spoiled. . . We've seen 5 great show so far on this trip and Le Reve unfortunately was a waste of money.. . Please save your money and go and see "O" instead. "O" costumes, set, acrobatics, choreography, music & finesse is so fantastic, moving & interesting. If you are not stuck on the water theme, any Cirque show will probably do. . . Thanks for reading!!
"Eek! Methinks not" is exactly what I think about this production.. . First of all, Le Reve is NOT a Cirque du Soleil production; rather, it was created by Franco Dragone who also produced O, Quidam, Mystere, Alegria and La Nouba (O and Mystere at the Bellagio and TI, respectively) which are Cirque du Soleil shows.. . Now that that's been cleared up.... . Maybe it's because I saw O before I saw Le Reve, but I felt like I paid a hefty price for a knock-off. Yes, it's a spectacle, but not the most spectacular in Vegas of its kind and, if we're being nitpicky about what came first, not the most original. . . Dragone is a visionary and that goes undisputed. But my recommendation is O over Le Reve.
TOP TEN DISAPPOINTING THINGS ABOUT LE REVE. . 10.  The music was le bad.  Half of the music was blaring loud Norse God chanting -- made popular in action movie trailers.  The other half was a collection of the cheesiest first draft on the nose Off Broadway tunes you've ever heard -- music that explained to you what the visuals already have, but as if poorly translated from another language.. . I cannot stress how bad the music was.  At times, you smirked at it more than the clowns.  This is a DEAL breaker.. . 09.  The show was mostly water acrobatics and wire work.  You know, people going up and down and up and down on wires.  Or people diving or falling into the water.  Cirque's 'O' water is way more diverse.  And poetic somehow.. . 08.  Although every seat was awesome, the show wasn't.  So who cares if you can see everything from any seat when there's precious little too see?  Let me rephrase that -- there's much to see, but half of it either isn't engaging or gets repetitive after a while.. . 07.  Good Cirque shows have an artistic cohesion.  Le Reve didn't.  There were too many things wedged in.  A Devil walking around.  Sexy legs in red high heels kicking from the water.  A dude that looked like he stepped out of LOTRs.   Giant flowers.  A samba number.  Clowns in suits.  A giant hydraulic machine.  I was waiting for the kitchen sink.. . 06.  At the beginning of the show, a young voice insists we remember the show instead of taking pictures and videos.  Okay, very cute.  At the end, the same voice returns and actually gloats at how unforgettable the show was.  RED FLAG.  Let us decide if the proceedings were memorable.   And exploit a giggling child's voice to cover up a sloppy show?  DOUBLE RED FLAG.. . 05.  The show is redundant in the Vegas sense.  O is far superior and only a little more money.. . 04.  You call that a romance story?  I dare you to tell it back to me.  And don't tell me to find out what the story was offline.  If it's not IN the show, it's not IN the show.. . 03.  Americans that are new to Cirque can find Cirque productions a little -- pardon my French Canadian -- fruity.  To be fair, the men of Cirque shows typically run around in flamboyant tights and in anally retentively organized androgynous packs.  . . So when Steve Wynn commissioned Dragone to create REVE without Cirque, there's this feeling he also asked Dragone to 'man up' Reve.  The evidence is all over this overly macho production, despite one clown that liked to kiss boys.  . . This theory becomes likely when this massive bald muscled man appears beside our heroine.  He's twice her height and size, a dude who just fell off a tank from Mad Max.  And when he beholds our femme fatale -- with a wrestler's body language -- you have no idea if he's going to pick her up in his arms OR tear her into shreds.  . . So the feminine side of Cirque was oddly removed from REVE, which makes the entire notion of it being romantic even more absurd.  This was an attempt at macho bad @$$ Cirque, which falls as flat on its face as gourmet Taco Bell.. . 02.  Cirque shows, or in this case, Cirque-ish shows are best when you leave the show wanting to see it again soon.  In the case of Beatles LOVE, you might want to see it tomorrow.  O and Mystere warrant a return in a couple of years.  KA is a pleasant misfire and almost worth seeing once.  LE REVE is a "Could I have my money back please?".  It's that disappointing.. . 01.  You're reading this and wondering why my rating is so low and others are so high.  You want to ignore me.  You fear you could miss something amazing.  I frankly can't tell you why many of the other reviewers are going ga-ga.  They are either plants on Yelp to sell Reve tickets, or they haven't seen 'O'. . . (UPDATE:  It turns out that Cirque's VIVA ELVIS is such a misfire that they're retooling it with more acrobatics from a recently close Cirque show called ZED.  This tells me that LE REVE could retool as well.  I'd rework the show to Madonna music.  But that's just me.)
Okay, before I have my ass yelled out, let me explain!. . I admire the beauty and athleticism of these "artsy-fartsy" shows. I do! But they just don't tickle my pickle.. . Le Reve is based on a dream... Cool concept, but it's a long, drawn out, wet dream... and not the fun kind.. . The theater is small and circular. There is not a bad seat in the house. Kudos to the theater on that note.. . However, I can only see so many ariel spins, twirls, dives, and blah, blah, blah. It was boring and repeative. After 10 minutes, I was constantly checking the clock on my phone.. . The music isn't engaging, the emotions aren't there. There were a few comediac moments brought on by the gentlemen in the white tuxes, but other than that it was a BIG SNOOZE FEST. There was a part of the show where a big, white doll/marinette thing came down... WTF was that? The show is odd and weird.
After seeing many Cirque shows I cannot give Le Reve a good review!  The only good thing is the seating.  There is not a bad seat in the house.  The story is weird and pretty *yawn* boooringgggg.  My boyfriend almost feel asleep :(
If you're a person of color, or a supporter of the GLBT community, I cannot recommend spending the pretty-penny to see this show.  :(  . . To all my beautiful peeps of color:  I doubt you'll see your community represented by any of 50+ cast members.  There MAY have been two light-skinned Latino guys in my show, but everyone is covered in pale while body makeup.  It struck me that there wasn't even ONE African American or Asian person, in all those divers???    The all-white appearance of the cast stood in stark contrast to audience, filled with families from around the world.  . . To all my gay, bisexual, queer,  lesbian, and transgender brothers and sisters:  Approximately 45 minutes after the beginning of Le Reve, four male clowns dressed in white suits, walk across the stage into dramatic water columns.  As the columns of water recede, the characters are revealed to be embracing intimately, as two couples.  When the men discover that they're embracing another man, they SHOUT and powerfully shove each other away, into the waters behind them.   It's blatant homophobia, even if it's just 15 seconds long...  And, the sad irony is that my gaydar picked up several gay cast members that were performing...  :(  . . Despite the above, here's my attempt to be objective:  . . Negative Stars:  An all-white cast of 50, and moment of homophobia.  My family wasted a precious evening together during the holidays, and close to a THOUSAND dollars that we could/should have spent at a Cirque show. . . 3 Stars:   I contacted Wynn Encore and their GLBT Diversity Group about my experience via postal mail.  I received an email apology from the Assistant Director Guest Relations.  However, there was neither a commitment to fix the issues, nor a way to respond (the email came from a DoNotReply address.)   When I mailed another letter to Guest Relations, I got not response... . . 5 Stars:  The stage is amazing, the theater is comfortable and all seats are great, and the performers are exceptionally talented.   There were several scenes that are visually spectacular.  . . So, in the end, after MONTHS of trying, I am disappointed to give Le Reve one star.  The hard-working performers and crew are worthy of 5 stars.  But, their awesomeness is eclipsed by the choices of producers who selected an all-white cast, paint them with pale body makeup, and interject homophobia into the story.
Was dead bored and fell asleep.  zzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
The good news,the tix were free. The bad news, the show sucks. A very, very, poor man's Cirque. Silly special effects, story line non existent. The theater is very nice. Maybe the show got better; I left after 20 minutes.  No accounting for taste. Rooms @ Encore very nice.
In my best Damon Waynas voice, "Hated it!"  I long since realized that Cirque is like Richard Gere said to Julia Roberts in Pretty Woman, about opera: you either love it or you hate it.  I'm on the strong side of hate with Cirque.. . First introduced myself years ago, when it became the talk of the town.  Attended three "very different" Cirques since then (regular, risque, and this water show), to find them all the same.  Yawn!  Wasted $!. . Someone told me that Le Reve is not a Cirque show.  Could have fooled me.  Everything reminds me of it.  So if you like CdS, you'll like this.  As for the theatre, not a bad seat in the house.  Front rows get splashed.  Back rows get champagne service.  Unfortunately, rows too long and tight to move from your seat without seriously disturbing everyone else in the row, or else I would have left.  Yes, THAT disappointed.
This show was made for the attention deficit people out there. It seamed like a discombobulated combination of a strange night of dreams. Distractions are everywhere. Like a dream it was thankfully a forgettable nightmare. I don't recommend going to this show. I prefer more meaning, artistic and athletic feat, and intellectual appeal for my shows and entertainment.. . There were a few times were great artistic and physical strength were shown. Otherwise, it was a lot of costumes, flash, and water splashing. Not my cup of tea.
