Day 1. Reserved the 2 bedroom 2 story penthouse at Vdara... Check in time is suppose to be 3pm... I called ahead at noon to let them know I am on my way so get the room ready, but I ended up having  to get in line overand over again to try checking in 5 times. . . 4pm came around, we have waited in the lobby for over 2 hours, and they are still cleaning the room and I still have no keys, and still can't check in yet. They can't do anything... . . Day 2. no housekeeping at all, we even called for housekeeping... Ended up going to the front desk at midnight to ask for housekeeping again. . . Other than all the logistic related issues, the hotel is very modern and nice. No smoking and no casino, so the air quality is superb!
Since this was one of the newer hotels in Vegas I was anxious to check it out.  But I should have stayed somewhere else.  Let me just say not a 5 star resort more like a 3 star at most.. . I have stayed in many hotels in Vegas, and this is the worst experience by far.  Upon arrival we had to wait almost 20min to check in.  It was 9pm on a Friday night and they only had one person working at the front desk.  I prepaid for my room before my arrival and upon check-in she informed me that I had to pay an additional $18.00 plus tax per night for some BS resort fee.  . . I am not usually a person who complains and I am usually easy to please,BUT there are so many more things that made my experience an unpleasant one.. . 1. The room was very small and cluttered with too much furniture (Not what was posted on the site in square footage). . 2. The water pressure sucks.. . 3. Every time I wanted my car from valet I would call in advance to request it and no one would answer the phone, I had to call multiple times in a row.. . 4. The same goes for customer service at the front desk (no one would answer the phone), poor customer service skills and not accommodating to your concerns.. . 5. They have a full kitchen minus the oven but it seems to me they do not want you to use it since there is no cookware, utensils, glasses, or plates. Just 2 coffee cups.. . 6. The AC/Heat in the room did not work properly.  I am in my late 20's and it seemed like I was having hot flashes because their climate control is messed up.. . 7. Back to the BS resort fee, it is suppose to cover the daily paper, bottled water ,and coffee but no one brought those items to my room each day I was there (3 nights).. . 8. The day I checked out I noticed that there was a big scratch on my BMW and it was not there when I got there, so I had informed the valet and he told us we would have to speak with security and file a report.  It took over 35 min for the security guard to show up!!. . Needless to say I WILL NEVER STAY THERE AGAIN!!!
Here's what $152 a night got us... no coffee maker, no extra bed linens for the sofa bed, a mini fridge that apparently works on a timer because it wasn't on when we woke up and all our food was warm, no plates or utensils in the kitchen, no robes, no dvd player. The look of the hotel is beautiful but the virtual tour online is not the same as the room we got, which was a lot smaller. Totally disappointing stay. I won't be back for this kind of $.. This is an update to my comments above: the reason that we don't have a coffee maker in the room is that the rooms don't come with them. I mean, even motel 8 has coffee makers! AND in order to have maid service, you have to give 24 hours notice and pay an extra $45. That would have been good to know BEFORE 4pm the day before we checked out.
Vdara is a great place to stay if you want your property stollen from your locked room. Then when you approach management about it they act like you are the criminal, do NOT do anything to compensate for the injustice, then have the audacity to charge you full price for your stay.
Let me just say that I hardly ever review things on yelp so this negative review should have some weight. If I could give negative stars I would. I have never been at a resort with such bad customer service. They need to go back to customer service 101. Everyone at the hotel from the people who check you in to the spa attendant I would fail all of them. They have NO idea what customer service is and they have no idea how to treat their customers well. If they keep this up they'll be closing very soon. I stayed at the cosmopolitan the night before and it was like night and day compared to the vdara. The hospitality is 1000000X better there and they truly treat you like a king. So save yourself from headache and grief DO NOT STAY AT THE VDARA.
Our sofa beds were not turned over in the evening, We came at 2 AM, we had to go through the inconvenience to wait for someone to bring sheets/do beds. The person who came was rude, huffing, complaining, with a bully attitude. We were embarrassed, offended. She threw extra towels we requested on the table.. . We check out and found out we were billed for the water bottles in our fridge even though we never opened them. Not only that, it's an opt out daily option that was not communicated to us. They had the nerve to show us the fine print on the reservation check in paper when we complained, Insurance style. Cheap, embarrassing, abusive, money hungry attitude.. Pros: concierge desk gave us a good service.. A top notch looking hotel with an underwhelming/inexperienced service.. The theft stories on yelp freaked us out.. Free Wi-Fi, but check the opt out options, you WILL pay for things you will not use.
If I can give a zero star, I would. It's the WORST experience I've ever had in Vegas. I'm writing this review while waiting for someone to come and fix the AC in our room. It's 100 degree in Vegas and our AC isn't working and we've been waiting for an hour by now. The front desk was not being helpful nor apologized. I highly recommend anyone to stay away from this place. Not only the customer service is very poor, it also is a very dead place since there's no casino nor restaurants. Oh, let's not forget, there's no soap in our bathroom either, so we waited for 1 hour for that too. Simply the worst!
I was VERY disappointed in Vdara.. . 1. First of all, it doesn't have self-parking. WHICH HOTEL IN VEGAS DOESNT HAVE SELF PARKING OTHER THAN VDARA? There wasn't even enough people out there helping with the valet. We waited forever until the car was parked.. . 2. The lobby was a mess. There were 3 people working at the front desk, people were all confused not knowing if there was one line, or 3 lines. There were only 3 people in front of me, but i still waited for about 20 minutes. The lady also had trouble scanning the keys to give to us. She seriously scanned about 10 keys, and made us wait while she asked other people to make the key for her.. . 3. The room is nice, but the pull out sofa bed was really bad. The mattress on the sofa bed sinked in in the middle, so it was very uncomfortable to sleep on. I called to request a blanket/ comforter, and I think they gave me a bed cushion thing. Also, the air points directly at the sofa bed, so sleeping at night feels like sleeping in a wind tunnel.. . 4. The bathroom door has the kind of lock where you turn clockwise to lock. My sister closed the door after she showered, and the door locked inside! We had to call someone to come fix it for us. Horrible Design!. . This place isn't even the cheapest place! I had a better time staying at Circus Circus!
Not only was the vdara city suite cramped with little to no amenities - they fucking reemed me with no free extended check outs that other shitty hotels such as circus circus would grant me.
My husband and I stayed here over the 4th of July weekend. We were so looking forward to the stay after looking at the website and loved that each room had a kitchen and that the resort had no casino.  In the past we've stayed at other nice resort/hotels in Vegas that had similar set up without the casino and check-in was always so much faster and easier. Vdara disappointed us from the get go. First the entrance to the hotel is difficult to find even on the strip. The signs are tiny, the road takes you in loops and is overall a BIG headache. Most hotels on the strip have a back entrance, not this one. The only way in is from the Strip. That sucks considering the traffic on the strip is horrible. It can take you 15 minutes to go one block! Upon finally getting to the hotel, the only way to park is w/valet. No self parking? Come on! Sometimes I don't feel like tipping everybody 10 times a day! But Vdara says that's what the resort fee is for. Yeah, right. So the check-in counter was a pain in the ass. 3 long ass lines.  Why don't they get smart and make one line for all of us to stand in. That way we can go to the first available person? . . On to the room. The furnishings are nice and modern. But there were some major issues with the room. 1) No pots, pans, cups, utensils, etc. in the kitchen. Completely bare when you open the cupboards. You have to call housekeeping to bring each and every stinking thing you want up and that takes them at least 30-45 minutes. Such an inconvenience, when I wanted a cup of tea like an hour ago! They don't even give you a coffee maker. Also, the refrigerator is the size of a medicine cabinet. I kid you not. Go ahead and try to fit a few things, and you will see how ridiculously small this is. 2) Bathroom door was one of those sliding doors. Ours was already broken and the lock didn't even work b/c it wouldn't slide all the way closed. 3) The blackout shades are broken into 3 sections and each section has a 2 inch gap in between that lets in all the bright sun in the morning. Forget about sleeping in past 6am, unless you put a pillow over your head. 4) No robes in the room. You have to call housekeeping to bring it up and that takes 40 minutes. Again, a pain when you wanted to use it a 40 min ago and are now waiting to take a shower b/c the robes haven't arrived. . . So one morning since there is no coffee maker, my husband goes down to the only cafe in the whole hotel to grab a cup of coffee. The line was about 15 people long and he asked the cashier if he can just order a cup. She tells him no, and he has to wait in the big a$$ line. Another person asks, same answer.. wait in the big a$$ line. So a third person asks and the person says OK. WTH? By the time my husband gets to the front of the line he tells the guy they should be consistent or have a line just for coffee.  The guy rolls his eyes and shrugs with a look like "I don't give an F!" So my husband goes to the front desk to see if they have a comment card he can write on. They tell him "No, we don't have one. You can fill out an online survey that we will email you." Husband tells front desk, I have my comment fresh in my mind and want to write it down now. Front desk tells him "Go write it on the room stationary."  Husband is pissed, but goes up to the room and finds there is no room stationary. Only the little 4x6 notepad. So my husband writes his complaint on the little notepad and said he expects a call or email from their manager. Husband turns the card in to the front desk. Over a week later, we still have not received any response from Vdara. This place just sucks and they don't care about the customer at all.  Vegas is a hospitality town. We had great customer service everywhere but here and we go to Vegas at least 3 times a year.  Go somewhere else until Vdara improves their customer service. Trust me. These little things add up to a frustrating stay anywhere. We will not be returning. Vdara, you lost our business.
My friends and I decided to stay at Vdara instead of staying at 1 of the other hotels the group we came to vegas with because we wanted something a little more fancy. Then, on the way to vegas we decided to upgrade the room to a suite for more room...  When we finally got there after the 6 hr drive from LA (traffic) we checked into our room that was only on the 7th floor with a shitty view.  We walked into the bedroom and the bed wasn't even made, like someone had just been in it.  My friend called and complained and 1 of the employees came and brought us new keys for the 45 floor.  We thanked him and started to get our stuff together, then phone rang and it was the guy who just gave us the keys telling us that the new room is a smaller then our original 1, but they would transfer us to another larger suite the next day around noon.  The next day we called in the morning and they said they wouldn't have anything available until 3pm, so we went shopping and came back about 6pm to find that our keys didn't work to the room.  We went to the front desk and talked to someone who gave us new keys to our room, but said we needed to talk to the check in staff to change our room, we asked to speak to a manager who took forever to come and talk to us.  She then told us that there was no executive suite available and that she could put us in a Vdara suite (smaller) and only charge us for the deluxe, but we would still have to wait a couple hrs... I am now waiting for this chick to call us about this change...  Also, we just looked in the refrigerator and there is someones food is still there.  This hotel is ridiculous, I cant believe we had so many issues...  To be fair, the front desk comped us $100 credit that we used on food and is only charging us for a basic room instead of the suite, which made us feel better about the situation, but wow, they really need to get their shit together. Definitely wont be staying at this hotel next time i'm in vegas!
I really hate to write bad reviews but this one is much needed!! I would not want anyone to experience the bad service I had here!. . So, decided to go to Vegas for the weekend and stay here since I had heard much hype of this hotel. We started with the Deluxe suite which was reasonably priced but then we wanted to upgrade, they did not have the Vdara suite available but offered us an Executive Suite. Upon our entrance to the suite, we had found the bed unmade, looked exactly like someone just crawled out of bed. Since we were anxious to get out on the vegas strip, we called the front desk toask for the bed to be made BUT as we started to really think about it.....was the room really clean??? Really made us not want to stay in that room. So we called for another room, since they had no more rooms available we were forced to downgrade our room, but we figured that was better than sleeping in a dirty room. . . We were promised the Executive Suite next day at noon but when next day noon cames along, the room was not ready for us. Not only was it not ready for us but they promised it at 3 so we went out and explored vegas for a bit, came back at around 6 only to find that our key to the room, WITH ALL our stuff in there to not work. We went to the front desk for them to only give us another key for the SAME room because the room we had been waiting for all day still was NOT cleaned because they cleaning staff was backed up. We came back into our original room which was at least clean but found that they had left a cleaning spray bottle in our room labeled "water" I really hope that's not all they clean with!! We also still found food in the refrigerator from past guests, not sure how long ago because the room seemed to have been cleaned twice from my stay but the fridge did not seem to have been cleaned during my time! So beware if you are staying there and want to store food in the fridge. . . We actually did not get our room until 9pm which was a complete disappointment but still trying to be optimistic, we were excited to check it out and still enjoy our Vegas trip! But WOW, when we got to the new room, there was a hole in the wall which we called the front desk to notify them (just in case they thought it was us and charged us) but they were already aware of it! Not only that but one of the sinks in the bathroom was leaking!!! Good thing there were two sinks in that restroom. Everything just seemed to have gone worse and worse for Vdara. We were checking out the next day anyway so did not really get a chance to enjoy the room due to all of the waiting. I am EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED on my experience with Vdara. . . They compensated us $100 to use at Vdara so we used it for room service. The first night after coming back from Surrender at Encore, we decided to order food, their late night menu did not have very many choices so we just went with Quesadillas and fried rice. How could you go wrong with that? YUP! They went very wrong!! The Quesadillas were made with cheap cheese, but the fried rice is what disappointed me the most. I could barely chew the rice because it practically was not cooked! Not sure what kind of style they were trying to go for but the food is definitely not worth a try! To use up the rest of the hundred, we ordered room service the next day as well to try the day menu. There were a lot more choices, the wings and steak we ordered were okay. Definitely not worth the price....$40 steak. WOW. DO NOT try the food!! You are better off anywhere else but here. . . Like I said before, I expected much more from Vdara. Especially if they are trying to be a "5 star hotel." Its not worth the grief to stay there. I feel like Vdara took a lot of time away from my Vegas trip. I would never recommend this hotel to anyone, this hotel is as wrong as it gets! Their cleaning crew seems to be having very many problems, they really just need to get their act together for the better of the hotel. Front desk clerks, even management needs to be changed. They honestly do not even deserve one star!
HIGHLY NOT RECOMMENDED. please take some time to read over my review.. . I flew in first to Vegas before the rest of my group and was given the option of pre-checking in to our rooms. The time was 1:30PM. Since I understand that check-in time is not until 3PM, I was willing to wait until then. the receptionist pre-checked me in, asked for a credit card for the Resort Fee/Security Hold, and made me sign the forms. With booking the room, we had requested that the two rooms we booked would be next to each other. The receptionist saw this note and confirmed the request with me. She told me the suite was ready but the other room next to it was not. I told her I didn't mind waiting since I was "early" anyways and it wasn't 3PM yet so we'd rather wait and have the rooms next to each other. She gave me a number and said to check back around 2:30-3PM to see if the roomwas ready, but she assured me that with pre-checking in, the room should be ready by then because the staff knows I'm already here. She kindly gave me a key to go to the pool to lounge and wait in the meantime, which was great.. . Come 3PM, when my entire group arrived, we all checked in with the receptionist and they said another hr before the rooms were ready. We waited and waited in the lobby. Apparently, the suite now was still noted as "dirty" on the system. We waited and waited...it was 5PM...we asked to be let up into the other room while we wait for the suite next door to be cleaned. So image 15 of us jammed into one room. before we were let into the room, the receptionist asked for a credit card for the credit card/resort fee. I informed her that I was here since 1PM and I had already given my card for the room and signed the forms. She said there was no credit card on file. So with that, my friend gave them a card and signed the exact form (this will be relevant later). we went up to one of the rooms and waited some more. it was almost 6:30-7PM when we saw house keeping. We asked when the room would be ready and to our surprise, she said it had been ready since 2PM. WE WERE FURIOUS. This my friend, is HORRIBLE communication between their staff.. . The customer service here was extremely poor. Any requests were not  acknowledged until MANY hours later. I can't imagine with just hospitality being their only service (no casino, etc.), they would be on top of it but they were not on many levels. Taxi service was horrible. One taxi would come every 15-20minutes. When we checked out, we told them about our experience and with that, all they could say was sorry and "what do you want me to do about it." It is very sad, how little they care about customer satisfaction. At other hotels (specifically Wynn/Encore), they will give you some form of credit or compensation. Here, it's almost as if they don't even want you to come back. Take it or leave it pretty much.. . A week later, my card and my friend's card were both charged. Excuse me but doesn't this fucking hotel know how do anything right?? My card was "not on file" but somehow I received the charge. from the beginning to the very end, nothing but FAILURE on their part as a Hotel.. . Vdara HAS SO MUCH TO LEARN STILL. Extremely disappointed
YIKES!. . Pros: ???. . Cons:. . - no self-parking....which would be okay, except the valet returned my car with my bumper hanging off the left side.  What's REALLY shady about it is that they just left my car parked in front of the hotel.  There was no valet attendant waiting by the car.......!!!  Called hotel security....waited a good 45 minutes for them to come.  It's been more than two weeks and still no response :(. . - OH and if you're going to check out at the normal time, it's going to take 30 min to 1 hour for the valet to bring your car...so be prepared to wait.. . - if you call  housekeeping for anything...you are most not likely going to receive it on your first try.  i called housekeeping 4 times in two days and never got what i needed.  . . - the kitchen is not stocked with any kind of utensils or plates so the kitchen is completely useless.  . . -  bathroom is right next (two feet) from the bed...so you can hear everything.  . . - the advertised black out curtains are not in fact black out.  . . - don't expect the front desk to help you with anything and expect a long wait for check-in and check-out.  . . DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND STAY SOMEWHERE ELSE!!
Made a reservation for Vdara through Get A Room.  Vdara wouldn't honor it and wanted to move me to The Signature.  Rooms at standard rates were still available.  Looks like a "bait and switch" game!
We got married in Las Vegas and I did hope to have a great time with my husband at the Vdara hotel! Great view and modern design saved it. Too long to wait to check in and check out. Refrigerator was not working, we requested dishes because there was a kitchenette, but next day it was missing. There is no restaurants in the hotel, except the Market cafe, that has long waiting line too. My husband was missing glasses and I was missing my silk nightgown. I wanted to file the report, and security told us that usually visitors do not complain when something small is missing(!) "I understand if it were a camera or laptop"! What? Paying 200$ a night i also do not have to complain about STOLEN THINGS? Is that normal? They promised us to call if they find missing things. Of course nobody called. They spoiled impression in our last day, when instead of enjoying last days of our vocation we had to claim and call to complain...
I stayed at this hotel with two friends. It is a very new hotel, and very nice. But the customer service is horrible. I have never experienced the worst customer service at any hotel then here. We asked for an extra blanket and about 3 hours later we got it. We called the front desk and asked a couple of questions about what to eat around there and were to go for the night and they gave us no references. When we checked out my credit card was double charged. It took them 2 weeks to give me credit back. Horrible, do not recommend this place to anyone.
Not juicy worth it for a vegas hotel. . Came here with my family for the sema show. They had a special of 2 nights with 2 free spa massage passes for about $600 including wifi and $50 in room dining.. . The rooms are all king size with sofa bed unless you upgrade. The bed was too soft and felt like an old run down bed with nice sheets. The sofa bed was horrible, springs about to come out and break your back. We had to call housekeeping to give us some kind of options since the sofa bed was really bad. Apparently they knew this sofa bed is bad because they were prepared in having bedding put on top of the sofa bed. So it wasn't as bad when you slept there. The bed felt too soft, it felt like a really old bed, the springs were just way too soft. . . The bathroom and tv's were decent. They give slippers if you ask the housekeeping which was nice. The rooms in Vdara are more for business people since it has a few tables to do some work. . . Went to try the pool and there was news about how the sun rays reflected off their buildings and to the people in the pool area. I had forgotten about this news when I sat across the building in the pool area and felt like I was getting burned. It was a different kind of burn from the sun, this felt like you were in the oven and your skin was literally in heat. That was a big negative. I moved to face the sun and the sun's direct rays were better than sitting away from it getting the sun's reflections from the buildings. . . The cafe in Vdara was pretty good. Got the burger and wrap. Was pretty good.
We decided to go with Vdara since their pool and the rooms looked nice, and we needed a place to relax after our week long road trip. I wanted to try out one of the city center places and, Aria didnt have suites. . I have to say, the room was pretty nice.. . The reasons I am forced to give such a poor review, which I rarely do.... . 1) We checked in at around 5PM; 20 minutes later someone opens the door and walks in, didnt even knock.. she comes in and looks at something and said she just wanted to look at the room map or something like that! .. for real? what if I was naked? or worse doing something else? . . 2) The place has only valet.. which sounded nice at first, but if you forget something in the car, there is no way to go get it.. and of course you have to go downstairs and wait for your car... 3) No coffee machines in the room? After floating in beer all day/night till 5Am, last thing I want to do is dress up and walk around looking for coffee when I get up. .. 4) So I finally force myself to shower and leave the place; I switch on the "please clean room" light and leave for the day.. get back at 4PM.. the room is still not clean.. So i had to call the service desk and ask for someone to clean it.. 3) Since the lady was cleaning the roomwe go to the pool.. but when we get there, the pool is closed ! at 410PM!!! are you serious? they closed the pool at 4PM.... And that was the whole reason we booked a room at this place... . . 4) But the worst of all this is, even though it looks like its right next to the strip, its hard to get to from the strip. Mainly because they dont have directions anywhere , even inside Aria, and since they dont have a casino or any restaurants in Vdara, you are forced to go looking for places.. . . Overall, even though the rooms are super cool, staying here was a very painful experience. I give it only one star, and I will NEVER stay here again.. . . Now I know why I love Venetian !!  cant wait to go back there..
The Vdara Hotel pool is open only from 9am to 4pm.  This makes it useless for business people, who are not at the hotel during these hours, as well as for tourists, who also may be out shopping during the day.  . . Additionally, they tack a $20/day Resort Fee onto your bill, supposedly to pay for the bottled water in your room.  Really, for a 5 star hotel this is a bit tacky.
I am checking out tomorrow and this was a bad enough experience that I am taking my time to let folks know.  I booked a corner suite for my wife and I and a deluxe suite for my two daughters.  I was willing to paya bit more for this hotel becaue it represents itslef to be an "all suite"hotel.  Unless you book a corner suite, the other suites are just rooms with a kitchenette.  The TV did not work in the corner suite and I got a recorded message saying they valued our privacy enough that they were not fixing the TV?  The deluxe suite had a horrible mattress and the room in this non-smoking hotel reeked of smoke and the room next door has a frat party that is continuing to rage on as I make this post.  Also, do not be fooled into thinking this hotel is "on the strip."  Get ready for planes, trains and automobiles just to get to the strip.. . I will pass on Vdara next time and I haven't even checked out yet.. . The spa was nice and I had a great massage.  Otherwise, no me gusta.
I was really excited to stay here because it was 100% smoke-free and no casino, but we found out quickly that we would have rather stayed elsewhere. . . room: no media package, as claimed. So no iPod charger/alarm clock, no DVD player, nothing. The nightstand lamps didn't even have switches so we had to get out of bed to turn on the lights (it defeats the purpose of a nightstand lamp). No coffee maker in the room! What? Hard to find outlets. No robes (for a new/modern hotel within that price point we expected to see them there). The rooms were pretty basic, they had a white comforter but no quilt, there was no color in the room. The toilet paper was crap. there was no safe! We're in Vegas, where's the safe? They have bad soundproofing, we could hear pool music at 8am. . . Service: one of the worst in Vegas and we've been here a few times. We were asked what floor we wanted and if the 36th floor was ok, we said yes, but then he said we'll upgrade you to a pool view after another worker whispered into our attendants ear. We ended up really disappointed with the room we had and the floor we were on. Constantly saw employees meandering around when there were lines. The person with the iPad, what do they do? When we were checking out there was no line and 2 attendants available, but because they didn't call us over we just walked to the front of the line. Except that two women behind us just ran up to the attendants and they helped them. I couldn't believe it! none of the front desk staff looked happy or at least welcoming. They didn't even ask us how our stay was; obviously they didn't care. . . Overall, unprofessional, mismanaged, and kids are running the hotel. We won't be going back
I stayed here on April 20 thru 22, 2012. I wanted to like this hotel since it has the modern appeal, but that's pretty much the only thing it's got going for it is the looks... I stayed at the 2 bedroom Hospitality suite with a group of friends for my weekend party. The biggest room they offered. Everyone liked the suite and the size is about 1600 sq ft for $800/nt. The view was nice we were facing Mandalay Bay and the I-15 freeway. . . The problem was with the front desk/staff they were absolutely horrible. I had called a day in advance to tell them I will be there the next evening so save me the corner Hospitality suite. The girl tells me sure we could that for you... I got there Friday evening to check-in the Front Desk guy Anthony (this is a shout out for you) was rude and did not greet any of the guests. I walked up to him and I said 'hi' he couldn't even squeeze a hello or a smile or anything. Someone must've rolled off the wrong side of the bed this morning. I told him I called and requested for a corner Hospitality suite, without checking his computer he gave me a quick answer no. I was like, what's the point of calling in and making a request if you guys don't even care for it? I'm not even asking for an upgrade this is more of a lateral move from one Hospitality suite to another. I did not want to start my stay here haggling with this guy, so I asked for my keys and moved on.. . So my group and I got the room and we found out that they we needed an extra rollaway bed so that a couple of the guys won't need to sleep on the floor. I called the housekeeping, they forwarded to front desk, and front desk guy says they don't have any roll away beds. Wow, I'm astonished by what they told me. I asked him seriously in a new facility this big and you don't even have a single rollaway bed? I asked to speak with the manager; with a little talk they finally dropped off a roll away bed which they told me they have none... it was like pulling someone arm. I was beginning to think what kind of Hospitality these guys are really offering. More like lame excuses/poor service and zero hospitality. . . These were actually the minor issues we had the real problems are to come next.... . The lobby is tiny compared to the other nearby hotels i.e. Aria, Cosmo, and Mandarin, and not to mention the Vdara was very difficult to get to by foot or by car. By car you would really have to slow down or stop your car to look for a single sign that points you to a single lane ramp that takes you to the front of the Vdara. By foot some of the sidewalks are closed off and you have to walk through the Cosmo casino to get back to Vdara from the strip. So either way by foot or by car it is actually difficult to get to Vdara. Seems like an engineering blunder when they attempted to link Vdara to the Las Vegas Strip.. . Vdara staff/house cleaning STOLE $500 from our room. I reported this to their front desk, security, and risk management, all were quick to make excuses and give me the run around. No one cooperated. The front desk girl Kelli even refused to give me her hotel manager's name and refused to let me talk to her..... She wouldn't even let me talk to her assistant manager! She kept me on the phone for an hour and nothing came out of it..... just more frustration. The theft was reported on Monday 4/23/2012, I waited a week they did nothing and they found nothing. I told security just check who entered my room on 4/20/2012 between 11pm - 2am. They have surveillance and an advanced key card system. Yet they did absolutely nothing to help out. . . I live in California; I go to Vegas often like 3 times a year often in various different hotels casinos going on 11 years now. Never, have I had this many problems with a single hotel. This is by far the first of all-times low in overall Vegas experience. . . The LAST problem was they over charged my credit card; they charged $1050 when the rate was $800 with their lousy Resort Fees and taxes. I had to call and tell them to correct the issue complained some more. This was corrected 2 days later. As you could imagine, I had enough of Vdara - they STEAL, they LIE, they FAIL.
We traveled with our 1 year old and 3 year old and liked the idea that the hotel is smoke free and does not have a casino   The rooms were nice but housekeeping was HORRIBLE.  The first night we were told that housekeeping would make the pull out couch and do turn down service.  Neither happened.  The second day we asked for housekeeping to clean our room 4 separate times and were assured the last time that our room would be cleaned.  Imagine our surprise when were returned to put our one year old to sleep at 8:30 and the room was still the same.  We spent at least 90% of the day out of the room, there was more than enough time to clean it. We will never stay here again and would never recommend it!
if there is 1/2 start or no star, I will select it without any hesitation.. room: 2 stars/ not as modern as I thought.  this is not even a 'suite', the dual electrical cooktop is right by the entrance door.  so don't get fooled.. housekeeping: 5 stars/ really appreciate for their quickness and refill with any item that runs low...including the complementary water.. parking: 2 stars/ no self parking structure.  valet only!!!  the nearest self parking is on the other side of Aria which will take you 15+ minutes to walk.. dining: 1 star/ all depends on Aria.  the cafe by the lobby is expensive.. last but not the least...bell service...the worst I've even seen.  especially the bell boy named 'Alex'.  I hope you get your butt fired by the time anyone read this post.  you went into the elevator together with my family and you left your cart with luggages flying around in the elevator which also hit my elderly mom (75 yr old) who was holding my daughter (21 months).  and you used the cart to hit my backpack to tell me to get out of your way and I had to turn my head and said to you 'I will let you out first'. because of you, I will tell any of my contacts not to stay at Vdara!  great job!
In booking 2 hospitality suites,4 months prior to arrival, I requested for both of the suites to be on the same floor and for one of the rooms to have two beds. I was told they would try to accommodate my requests. On my arrival none of those requests were taken into account. I was okay with that until the invited guest check in host said that the suites were pre assigned to guests already who booked in advance. When she saw that I booked 4 months in advance she had a shocked face and just said there were no rooms on the same floor. 30 minutes later, when I complained to another host, all of a sudden there was another room on the same floor. This entire process took over 2 hours and I felt like I wasted so much of my time at the counter.. Also, there was one person in line ahead of me in the invited guest check in line and the regular line moved much faster, helping around 10 people before I was helped.. Another complaint was I was not given my spa passes until the last day, which I had to ask for and was not able to use. I asked if one of the other guests that were staying at the Vdara could use it and I was told "No" because I had to be present. I was just very unsatisfied and disappointed about everything there.   . I was given 2 rooms on the same floor but it took over two hours before the problem was resolved. I was given 2 champagne bottles and a $25 room credit for each room. I feel that this type of compensation was so minute given the fact that I was celebrating a big occasion at Las Vegas and brought in more than 10 people to book a room at Vdara. I do not recommend staying here.
Cons:. Room keys initially weren't working.. Beds were not made the first time we entered.. Bath tub was half filled with water which meant it was clogged.. The stand-up shower would clog also and water would rise up about 4 inches.. Missing toiletries.. Electronic shades that would sometimes work (sometimes they wouldn't open or close).. The bathroom door was faulty, and I got locked in! Required multiple people to hold the door in place (because there was no railing for it) so I could unlock the door.. Detergent for the laundry was empty.. No self park.. . Pros: . Free wi-fi.. . Never coming back to this hotel again. Mind you, our room was supposed to have been an upgraded deluxe suite. They did, however, make arrangements to wave the upgrade fees after we told them how horrible our stay was. WORST HOTEL ROOM EVER!
I would never go back!  . . Our visit started with a group of bellman who ignored us when we pulled up to park our car at the valet.  We had to call out to a group of chatting bellman for help.  No sooner did the bellman start removing our bags from the trunk when someone in charge of valet parking started yelling at us to move our car.  It was unbelievable. The bellman was embarrassed but said "this is just how they are."  My husband got back in the car to reposition it (and stop the yelling).  . . We went in to the lobby and faced as line of at least 30 trying to check in.  They did not have enough people working to handle the crowd.  . . We paid for a high end room with panoramic views.  But unlike most better hotels, the bellman did not accompany us to our room.  When we got there we could not figure out how to operate the many electric operated blinds and light switches.  Ordinarily, the bellman shows you to your room and shows you how to use its features.. . We quickly discovered the room was poorly cleaned. There was dust on virtually every surface and a large coffee drip under the coffee maker on the counter. There were greasy fingerprints on the cabinets and TV.  There were hunks of fallen snacks just under the couch. Someone's forgotten beach shawl was in the closet.  Again, it was unbelievable.  . . We had theatre tickets and needed to change and rush out, so we had no time to demand a new room. The next morning we needed to check out early and tried to use the advertised check out service on the TV screen, but it did not work.  The service said the front desk was too busy so we needed to check out in person.  But when my husband went downstairs, there were no guests at the front desk.  Just employees waiting around.  To top it all off, when we called from our room for the valet to bring the car around, we were told that they won't do that.  We needed to come down and wait.. . This place holds itself out and charges high end prices, but the service is appalling and the dirty room was creepy.  Yes this place has a great view, but it is not worth the money.  Skip it!!  The one star I gave Vdara is for the view -- nothing more.
Horrible, they allow Yahoo Travel to book rooms for this hotel. Yahoo travel took my $$ through their website but never sent my confirmation info to Vdara hotel of my reservation. But what pissed me off was that neither parties were willing to assist us satisfactorily in any kind of timely fashion. Yahoo kept blaming the Vdara and the hotel kept blaming yahoo.. Get it effing together idiots.  You left us sitting in the lobby for hours while you waited for yahoo travel's confirmation fax which just never came & never came. Shame on you both for wasting our time & money. The one star is for Ethan of Vdara who was the only one who was willing to help us out & get us in our room! Yahoo travel doesn't have a way for me to review them on yelp, but you guys get negative stars for customer service.  Avoid them as a travel booking agency, not worth all this hassle to save 20 bucks. Uuuuugh!
This was my first time at Vdara and I was excited for this "5 star" resort experience. Unfortunately, it felt more like a three star hotel room. The pull out bed was horrendous, even with the feather down pad that you have to request. They don't provide cots and they talk to you on the phone like you're botheringthem somehow. The regular bed was fine though. . The room layout was not what the front desk rep described and was not very intimate or private. . . The internet was unreliable and it took some time and effort to get the front desk on the line to ask for a late checkout and for your car to be pulled up from valet, both of which they could and would not do for you. I did not feel valued or very welcomed as a guest and it was an overall disappointment. I would not recommend this hotel to friends. Frankly, the best part of the room was the view and bath robe.
The first thing I thought when I arrived at this hotel (besides it being far back from the strip) was that the hotel and my room looked nice.  That's about all I liked.  There are no amenities at this hotel.  No robes, blankets, extra pillows, sheets on the pull out, etc.  There was a sad tiny box in the bathroom sink that had three q-tips and cotton swabs.  That being said, because you had to call housekeeping for everything, you had to do a lot of tipping.  If you didn't want to tip for something that should already be in your room, then the staff would just stand awkwardly in your room until you did tip.  The bell service guy wanted a tip so badly that he told me three times that I wouldn't see him when I picked up my bags so am I sure I'm not forgetting anything.  Maybe I'm wrong, but I usually just tip the once when I retrieve my bags.  . . The front desk was nice when I checked in, but MIA when I needed anything else.  Would never answer the phone.. . My TV didn't work.. . They have a tram that goes from the Monte Carlo to the Bellagio, which makes it kind of convenient to get to your hotel from the strip. However it does close and then it's a two mile hike back to your hotel from Las Vegas Blvd.. . I would say save your money and stay at any other hotel that is the same price for the room.  You will end up spending more here with all the panhandlers (I mean staff) that you will have to tip.
The Vdara valet damaged my friend's car, and they were not helpful at all. They didn't try to resolve the issue, and only did their best to fight against us. The customer service really needs a huge improvement before I would consider staying here again.
I previously loved Vdara and recommended them to all of my friends, however my last stay changed this.  An hour after checking out of the hotel I realized I had left my brand new sonicare toothbrush in the hotel.  I immediately called the hotel and they told me to call back tomorrow after they had finished cleaning the room.  I did and they said they did not find anything but that I should call back later in the week to see if it was found.  I called back again and, again, nothing.  I understand I am responsible for my belongings, however this makes me question the trustworthiness of the staff that cleans the room.  I still don't understand why someone would want to take a toothbrush or, maybe throw away something that is obviously not trash or a disposable toothbrush. I contacted Vdara and informed them of the value of the toothbrush ($200) and they had me file a report since it was over a certain amount.  They also said they would contact me within the next few days once they reviewed the claim.  A month later, I received a letter in the mail saying they very sorry about the situation but under Nevada law they are not liable.  They also went on to state that, by law, they provide a safety deposit box at no cost (per the law) to store valuables in.  Who would ever store an electric toothbrush in a safe?!  This is horrible customer service.  I have had friends who have accidentally left valuables (including an engagement ring!) and non-valuables (articles of clothing) in hotel rooms and have had them returned. I would never have written this yelp review if this incident had been handled in a satisfactory manner but it is obvious that Vdara is not concerned with customer satisfaction, only what they are liable for by Nevada law.  In addition to possibly employing untrustworthy staff, customer service and guest satisfaction is severely lacking.
This hotel really needs to step up their game. . . The only good experience I had was that we were able to check-in earlier than 3 pm (around 1 pm). And that no one smoked in the hotel or lobby. But that's about it.. . The bad experiences:. 1. My room's shades kept going up and down by itself... in the middle of the night! Needless to say, I did not get a good night's sleep for two nights straight. I called the front desk after the first night and they sent someone up to take a look at it. The guy said we were out of batteries and switched a battery for us. The second night, it happened again! They sent another guy up to take a look at it and he said that he had never heard of such thing before. His options for us were to either switch rooms (which was not worth it because we were only going to be there for one more night and moving everything is a hassle; they were not going to give us a room upgrade or anything) or disconnect the switch to the blinds and just leave them down, which is what we opted for because I really wanted to sleep! So that was that, I did not get any views after that fiasco.. . 2. The resort fee is $25/night. The resort fee includes 2 bottles of water per day, which we never got. I had to call housekeeping to complain about it before I got some water. Frustrating. If I pay for something, I expect to get it, especially for the price I'm paying to stay at this hotel.. . 3. The internet was terrible. It would disconnect once I put my phone down for 5 minutes and I had to reconnect every time I wanted to use it again. . . Probably would not stay here again unless it were free.
If I could I wouldn't even give this hotel a star. . . day one - didn't realize it was a valet-only hotel, but whatever we used cabs all week anyway but more on the valet to come :-/ check in was smooth, requested a fountain view room and they gave it to me (not surprised though it was a tuesday - friday stay so its not like the hotel was at capacity anyway). the room: first impression was great we liked the set up of the room (2 tvs, one in the bedroom and one on the other side of the built in where the couch was.) we got the studio style room.. then it all went down hill from there none of the lights worked and the safe was open but locked so we couldn't store our items in it and go to the pool right away like we had planned. so I called the front desk and i told them the lights were out and that i didnt know how to use the safe. "the instructions are on the inside of the safe", says the front desk clerk. "there aren't any instructions in my safe", i said. "well they should be, i dont know how to use it let me get someone who does", says clerk"... REALLY? she must have been new. anyways we waited 30-45 minutes for someone to come up and fix our lights (they were shut off from the main electric panel in the room) and then i had to wait another 30 mintues for security to come unlock the safe and show me how to use it. . At this point the pool was closing in an hour so we rushed to unpack, change and get down to the pool. . . the pool: its small but it does the job, luckily being midweek, it wasn't crowded but nothing impressive, my in-laws pool is nicer. . . first night/morning after: being exhausted from traveling all day I crashed hard. next morning, i wake up with sharp pain in my lower back ( i sleep on my stomach ) and in the morning i inspect the mattress and spring box to find that it had been sat on my Godzilla and broke the mattress! probably the worst sleep i ever got in my entire life. so i call the front desk and i tell them politely that i think the mattress is broken . so again we wait 20 minutes for housekeeping to bring up a mattress for the sofa bed, apparently the clerk thought i was talking about the sofa mattress. keep in mind breakfast buffet was going to end in an hour and i wanted to resolve this before leaving but there wasnt any time  so i go down to the front desk after breakfast and let them know the whole situation and every problem with the room ( lights malfunction, water faucet pressure, safe, mattress and also the ac wouldnt cool lower than 75')  . . the clerk was very nice, he apologized and offered to move us to another room, and offered to take care of the resort fees for us( which is great because we planned on visiting other pools and would have to pay the resort fees there in order to use their pool) we really didnt want to move rooms since we had unpacked and organized everything into our room. so that was a pain. but that mattress drove us out of that first room. . anyway , get to the new room, its small. 1 tv. and different set up. so disappointing becasue we loved the set up of the other room. in the new room the couch didnt even face the tv. hated the lay out. but lights worked, ac went down to 71 and faucet had pressure. mattress still felt very used but better than the first. . . the rest of the stay (room wise) was just meh. . . check out; the hotel has a convenient method of checkout either on the television or through your mobile phone/email but the guy at the front desk didnt delete the resort fees from my account so I have to get out of bed and go wait in line (friday morning when everyones checking in) and explain again that the room was crappy and we were promised no resort fees. guy takes care of it. again, nothing impressive i just had to ask twice for the same thing. . . go back to the room, get our stuff together and wait for the bell to come help with the luggage. he helps us load our stuff into the car. and we head over to the mgm to spend the day at their pool when i get out of my car i look driver side door and it is beat up! they scratched the paint and left marks from who knows what? shoes? it looks like they dragged a suit case into the car from the floor (see picture) and my car is new! and freshly washed just before getting to vegas i was so peeved. and i even tipped them! this is why i hate valet. my wife said we should go back and show them but i know how they would have responded. i really wish i would have gone back and made them pay for the damages.. . then when we get to the mgm i wanted to lock the trunk since our baggage was in there while we were at the pool and the lock for teh trunk was damaged! i forgot my valet key at home so the valet had the real key that works for the trunk lock and they must have opened my trunk to see if i had anything of value in it. luckily i took everything out (laptop, jewelry, etc) just shows how classy this hotel is. . . NEVER STAYING HERE AGAIN! TAKE YOUR BUSINESS ELSEWHERE!  . Stay at the palazzo.
No stars for me. Me and my husband stayed in an executive suite and honey.... it was trifling to say the least. The room was very dusty, our dining room table was dirty as well. We had to wait an hour to check in to what we thought was going to be such an amazing room. Our tub was filthy.  It had hairs in it so I immediately requested the housekeeper to come and re clean our room. We never received our robes after asking for them on several occasions along with receiving our cook wear three days into our stay and we were only staying five days.   They did not have a garbage can for the kitchen either and not to mention im pretty sure I was bitten by bed bugs. I do not recommend this place to anyone!!!
Choose somewhere else to stay while in Vegas!  I do NOT recommend the Vdara.. When I checked in, the gentleman was fantastic and very nice....THAT IS THE ONLY TIME ANYONE IN THE RESORT WAS NICE.  Most of my interactions with staff were very short and they were very rude.  The worst- is the amount of children roaming lobby, halls, strollers everywhere....I love kids and if you have them-this may be a fantastic place for you to stay...because it is a lot like one giant day care center.  On my floor....there were babies crying 24/7 and kids literally bouncing off of the walls....all times of day!!  It was almost as if someone left their kids in the room next door to me for 3 full days...morning, noon and night.  If you are looking for a romantic time...or a fun get away...or rest and relaxation---DO NOT STAY HERE.  Now to the food- AWFUL, bad and AWFUL.  I would not waste a penny on food at this place- ordered room service breakfast---$40 and it was awful.  Had a grilled cheese sandwich- $13 at the cafe and it was burnt and had one slice of store bought sliced cheese on it...AWFUL.  Do not waste any money on food here.  It is amazing to me that their little commercial on the TV in the rooms say...."elevate your expectations" at the Vdara.  The rooms were ok....but not anywhere near what they advertise...they try to advertise like it's the Ritz or 4 seasons and when you walk in---it is IKEA, AT BEST!  Another very annoying detail....if you are going to have security ask you for your room key each time you enter the elevator bank---EDUCATE them.  Let's see ---I was at a business conference in the Vdara, so in and out of the room several times a day.  If they see the same person 4 times in an afternoon---WITH A NAME BADGE ON AND A BUSINESS SUIT--one would think they would recognize me?!?  hmmmmm ....I sure could tell you who was standing there all the time.  So annoying and really just amusing that they need that much security?  Or what has happened there?  And why on earth when you see the same person 3 times within 3 hours you do not recognize them?  I find it amusing on some of the other reviews they mention 2 free bottles of water---??  Never saw them???  Also- no coffee maker in the room- NOTHING?!  I recently stayed in Vegas at the Golden Nugget downtown Vegas and they had a great little one cup coffee maker in each room.
This hotel customer service is going down fast. The service at the counter is really bad, staff's attitude is extremely terrible! Their knowledge of checking customer in and out is lacking. Room is not available even after 3 PM. The room is with kitchen but nothing is provided except two water glasses, not even mug! Don't waste your vacation by coming here!
