Sorry Cornish!  You have a good thing going it seems but need some polishing/cleaning.  The place was doing a really brisk carryout business while we were there.  Very friendly and eclectic staff.  Good beer selection too.. . The pasties were tasty but the temperature of the filling when reheated was not consistent - some hot spots, some cool spots.  I worry that this could be a recipe for food illness.. . The star killer came just as we were getting ready to leave.  A small roach came crawling out onto the bar in front of us.  GGGAAAAHHHHDDDD.
Ive been here multiple times and love their food. Living in california i come here at least once a month. Any foodie knows there is more to a restaurant experience than a great product. An amazing restaurant has three basics covered:1) customer service 2) great food offerings 3) an overall great experience. This place lacks customer service which kills the experience. I stood there on a packed Tuesday and saw 3-5 different employees walk by with no acknowledgement that I existed. No eye contact, no greeting, no words at all! After 10 mins and a line out the door I left irritated and ticked. . . I sympathize with the youth movement and the college atmosphere this place has, however customer service needs to be emphasized to the men and women working the floor. They are the face of your store and if this trend continues, eventually customers will get fed up and go elsewhere. If I am an owner I would be pissed if this negative behavior was going on in my business. The business acumen is very important and should be a learning tool to teach the college kids the important lessons which can be applied to all different job titles. The staff I saw working tonight looked lazy and tired. Maybe due to the high temperature of the restaurant however with poor customer service and lack of a face in the entrance greeting me with a smile and a friendly greeting, it leaves me feeling like you don't want my money and you don't care enough about your customers standing around. Eventually the attitude of we have a superior product that ppl pay for and they not have to worry about customer service will come back to bite them in the butt.. . . Areas for improvement. . The waiters should be focused on turning tables and getting the checks as soon as the dessert is finished as opposed to walking around with their heads cut off. More tables being turned equates to more tips. I saw 4-6 tables sitting talking on their phone when they could have been served their checks or ordered more food. My avg time from start to finish was between 90-120 mins! You cut my time in the restaurant to 60 mins with efficient service and food running from the kitchen this place could double its profits and increase tips. . . They need someone to work the front and greet the customers and let them know they are wanted, appreciated and they want to provide me with a great meal! . . Drinks out in under 5 mins from order (I waited 20 mins and she forgot about my 2nd beer later in the evening and I had to remind her so 30 mins for a pint of beer...total wait time for 2 drinks: 50 mins. . Notification on food times (depends on who is working) . . Challenge your servers to turn tables faster . . Servers need to be smiling and social
A group of 5 of us just sat down on their patio after being told when we walked in to just "have a seat anywhere." After about 20 minutes of not being noticed one of us walked inside and kindly asked for some menus. We were assured there would be a server shortly. 15 minutes later a waitress came out but didn't have menus and said she would send out somebody else. 15 more minutes later still nobody had acknowledged us even though the person we first talked to had looked directly at us multiple times. We literally did nothing rude and feel like we were deliberately ignored or at best just forgotten about. I don't think this place will be receiving any business from us in the future.
My party and I sat at a table for 45 minutes and never even got menus despite being approached by a server twice and told we would be helped shortly. It wasn't even a busy night, and when we finally decided to leave and go elsewhere, we saw the servers chatting casually with each other by the kitchen on our way out. I eat out at least once a week and I have NEVER encountered service this terrible.
I have never been as insulted as I was last  night when my party and I were refused service at Cornish Pasty Company. We sat outside without being approached for 20 minutes, after being told at the door that we could sit anywhere. I finally got up to ask someone for menus, and was told by a male server that he would bring them out. He then proceeded to move in and out, making eye contact with me numerous times, without greeting our table. After 10 more minutes of waiting, a female server asked if we had been helped. We said no, and she said that she would send someone out. 15 minutes later, and we still hadn't been approached. We ended up leaving and eating somewhere else. I can't believe that we were ignored for so long on a busy patio that had at least 3 different servers moving around. We have eaten here numerous times in the past, but will never go back again.
Maybe it was an off night, but this just didn't do it for me. Dropped in, no one to seat me, figured I'd seat myself. Waited 5 minutes for a server to say hi and offer me a drink, another 15 to get some water and get my order taken. The server didn't know which Vegan Pasties were available that night so she checked, it was only the Vegan Greek Pasty (the menu stated at least two available on any given night). As a vegan, that was my option, so that I got (with a side of chips). . . A good twenty minutes later everything comes out. The pasty was ok at first, full of sun-dried tomatoes and artichoke hearts. About halfway through I bite into a huge chunk of Mozarella (not vegan) and put the rest down. The only vegan option available that night was in fact not vegan. Really guys? At least the chips were ok.. . Waited a good twenty minutes after I was clearly done eating before my server offered a check and to-go box. Overall the service was extremely slow and inconsiderate (I didn't really feel welcome), the vegan food wasn't vegan, and I still paid $15.00 for what amounted to a sandwich and fries. Maybe it was an off night, and I know a lone customer isn't a top priority, but I wouldn't come back again.
Came here for the first time to have a going away dinner with a bunch of coworkers because we work at a restaurant nearby. TERRIBLE service. Absolutely horrible. I have never felt so unwelcome before in a restaurant in my entire life. Every person I encountered was rude to me. I sat down and was never offered anything, never even got water! I tasted a friend's pasty and wasn't very good. A slightly better hotpocket really. . After telling a friend about how bad the service was, she told me she also got horrible service and got food poisoning after eating there a few weeks earlier. . Needless to say, I'll NEVER step foot in there again !
This was not my first visit. I've enjoyed myself on previous visits but this time ... not so much. Pros: the waitress was good, kept my water filled repeatedly without being asked and checked on me regularly...reflected in her tip. . . Cons: I really like curry so I ordered the "curried potato" side dish with my pasty. I wanted to like them, I really did but they were so salty as to make them inedible. The waitress apologized and took them off the bill. . . The "bangers & mash" pasty was great but again the small cup of gravy was too salty to be edible..and I'm a guy who eats salty foods.OK, I didn't need the gravy. . . My desert pasty arrived without the accompanying ice cream or cream sauce. The explanation was that the fridge unit with the ice cream apparently went down ....the ice cream was all melted....sorry here's your pasty without the rest of the desert. . . Brandon (manager) stopped by my table;  he started out by saying he understood there was a problem with my ice cream...I had to explain that the ice cream wasn't served at all...he seemed surprised. He acknowledged that I clearly should be disappointed if the full desert described on the menu hadn't been served .... Got me my check...the full price of the desert was included on the bill. . . I paid up and left. I know if I had asked him to reduce the price of the desert he would have done so...but frankly after visiting my table and learning that half of the desert dish hadn't been served, I shouldn't have had to ask.
Boooooo!  Walked in, sat at the kitchen back bar area for five minutes, we weren't even greeted.  We figured that we must have to sit around the other side so we got up, walked around and stood around looking lost for another five minutes.  There isn't a way to tell who works there and who doesn't in the sea of skinny jeans plaid shirts and black rimmed glasses so we finally left.  . . I've eaten here before, the food is pretty good but customer service is more important than food.  I'll take my dollar and properly fitting pants somewhere else.
