theHotel is a dark and unfriendly hotel. Most employees don't seem happy with their jobs. We couldn't even get them to clean our room daily plus we had a dog barking in the room across from us during our entire stay.  We weren't on the floor that allowed dogs, we called the front desk many times. Needless to say the dog continued to bark. The Moorea Beach pool entrance was $50 and gatekeepers with attitude! The waitresses inside the pool area were the nicest employees in the hotel.  When we checked in we were told theHotel was an upgrade it was definitely not. The bathrooms are tiny, the rooms are dark, the wireless worked sporadically,  and housekeeping was nonexistent. So much for an upgrade. Upon checking out I did mention all of the above issues and the front desk credited one night and the resort fees and said she would send us a complimentary night for the future. I won't hold my breath or ever stay at Mandalay Bay or theHotel again. This hotel needs a lot of work to get up to speed with some of the better hotels in the strip. Too bad it used to be a great hotel in the day!
Gave me a handicap room when I didn't order one. Said they don't gurantee me a room unless I pay a fee. Ridiculous and stupid!!!!!!!!:-(
DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL! BREAK-INS AND THEFTS ARE OCCURRING REGULARLY WITH MANAGEMENT DOING NOTHING!! . . Several friends and I stayed in a suite at THEhotel Mandalay Bay this past weekend. In the early morning hours of Sunday, September 18th (between 4:30-7:30 AM), our suite was broken into while we slept. I awoke at 7:30 AM to find my iPhone and wallet missing. Two other females in my party also discovered that they were missing items - two wallets and two purses with thousands of dollars worth of missing items. We immediately called Security, who had us fill out an incident report. Security did not at all seem concerned with our well-being or the fact that we had been robbed while being in the room. He told us to fill out the form and bring it down to security because he had "somewhere else to be." When we returned the forms we also filed a police report. We spoke to the Assistant Desk Manager who apologized but did little else. We were told that it had to be investigated through Risk Management and that we'd be notified later. It has now been five days since the incident and we have heard nothing. I also spoke with Raquel Marquez, who works in Risk Management. Not only was she unhelpful, but she had the audacity to suggest that we weren't actually in the room when it happened and that we didn't lock our doors.  As soon as the incident occurred we checked our locks to ensure that they were, in fact, working. They were. Ms. Marquez didn't seem to know anything about our case or the details of the incident report filed.. . I am shocked and appalled by the incident and how it has been handled by the Mandalay Bay management. Not only have we incurred thousands of dollars in losses and been significantly inconvenienced, but our lives were put in serious danger. We were just fortunate to not have been injured. We have heard that other patrons were similarly burglarized on the same night and this has been a recurring issue at this hotel, as noted in several prominent blogs and websites. Read the first 5 reviews of the hotel on City Search. Each one involved a similar incident as the one I described -  . http://lasvegas.citysearch.com/profile/39426248/las_vegas_nv/thehotel_at_mandalay_bay_resort.html. . Since a key was used to get into the rooms, I believe that a master key has been duplicated or used outright. The ineffectiveness of the hotel to address the issue is putting the lives of all of its patrons at risk. DO NOT STAY HERE!!!!! If I could give zero stars, I would.
Messed up the reservation and made condescending effort to fix it.  Horrible place.    MGM group is the worst.
We would never ever booked TheHotel again. . . This Thanksgiving was my second time been there. The only reason I booked TheHotel again was because my father loved the decroation of the room.  (From my opinion, the decroation is more like a business hotel...). . When we entered the room, everything was perfect until I found a dark brown stain on the quilt. GROSS!Then I saw stain on the carpet, too. That was very obvious both stain were caused by same stuff which I don't know what that was. They were looks very disgusting! I called room service right away. They didn't apologize and used monotone to notified me that they would send someone to change it. They sounded not surprised at all. That's ok, I didn't want this ruin my vacation, so  we just left the room and tried to havesome fun.. . I was the first one trying to take a shower; however, before I turned on the water, I saw HAIR on the drain!!!! GROSS GROSS GORSS GROSS !!! I was way too tired to do anything about it, so I didn't call the room services. If I called, I think the only thing they would do is probably using same monotone to tell me that they would send someone up and pick up the HAIR!?. . No More THEHOTEL
If I could give negative stars, I would.  . . THEhotel at Mandalay Bay was supposed to be the site of my wedding on 11/11/11.  2 months before the day, the O Suite (2000sqft penthouse) was booked and paid for in full.  A week before the day, I called to confirm.  The day before, I called to confirm..   . The day of, 8 hours before the wedding, they had given the suite (as well as all other penthouse suites) to Manny Pacquiao and his entourage.  He was fighting the next night.  He had been set to fight 2 months prior when the room was booked.  He had been set to fight the week before when I called to confirm.  He had been set to fight the day before when I called to confirm.  THEhotel knew all along that this would happen, yet took my money anyway, and let me book the suite for my wedding day. . . My now husband was the one to get the news at check-in, then come tell me (thus ruining the whole not-seeing-eachother-on-the-day-of-thing) w/ tears in his eyes knowing how heartbroken/stressed/upset I would be. I cried.  ALL day.  This was a destination wedding, we had people coming from across the country and other countries in general.  Now we had a skimpy 800sqft suite (which they kicked someone else out of, I'm sure) to hold a 35 person wedding ceremony & reception in?  Luckily, our great friends searched the city for what turned out to be an even better penthouse suite at the Trump Tower 4 hours before the wedding was to start (go there!).. . THEhotel only offered that other suite and another basic room to us, that's it.  There was NEVER an apology, just simply a, "we understand your frustration."  What they did was illegal, breach of contract.  There is a totally a small claims case there.  Finally, after PULLING TEETH we received our money back as well as a $400 comp to use at the hotel/Mandalay Bay (which we used to take all remaining guests in town out to lunch & I got a much needed 80min massage at their spa). . . While it all ended up working out and for the better (go to Trump Tower!), needless to say, I will NEVER stay here or give THEhotel/Mandalay Bay my business EVER again.
ARTHUR L. FINN.                                 . Dec. 23, 2011. . RE: Room 15810--Dec.18,19. . Chuck Bowlinz, Gen. Mgr. The Hotel @ Mandalay Bay. 3950 Las Vegas Blvd. S.. Las Vegas, Nv. 89119. . Mr Bowlinz:. . How lame and without dignity is your hotel? Let me count some of the ways. You close The Cafe in The Hotel cavalierly making Raffles a place to avoid because of the crowds. The reception at Raffles, one Blanca, who for me, represents your uncaring hotel, is as unwelcoming and unprofessional as possible.  You have too many people looking to say no to guests. Your valet service is obnoxious. Do they really work on tips? Some of your phone peopleare intimidating and silly. When I asked for a newspaper delivery one asked if I had a butler. I told her I left him home because I was going to a luxury hotel. Your "resort fee" says it includes a newspaper; it does nor say it is the free USA Today and one has to pick it up. PETTY. Getting amenities and things done by your housekeepers is a challenge. Too much of The Hotel's service is handled by Mandalay Bay. Not a good thing. . . I save the best for last. I told the front desk on Monday the 19th to check me out Tuesday morning. I got my bill, which was wrong on Tuesday at 2 PM and requested a bill be e-mailed. Being forewarned on just how terribly inefficient, untrained and cavalier your people are I checked my bill today.  Of course, you charged for Tuesday night and made some other overcharges. Your Margaret in unaccounts immediately informed me to prove I checked out Monday. After a long harangue by me she was willing to credit Tuesday. She still could not or would not tell me what the final total was . After spending about 30 minutes with Margaret teaching her arithmetic 101 she digfned to transfer me to her SUPERVISOR,after another 5 minutes I was transferred to Christina who was going to transfer me to the front desk. Remember them ? The people who messed up my incredibly complex checkout. I was not about to spend any more time with the inmates of your asylum. I will deal with your lame , cavalier inefficiency through AMEX. . . I have been in hundreds of 4 and 5 star hotels in my life. Never have I been subjected to one as totally customer unfriendly as yours. Strong letter to follow.. . Arthur L. Finn
A return to the hotel after a fiasco on Thanksgiving weekend of finding drug paraphernalia in  our room by previous guests and a general lack of caring by the security for this, I must say after 12 years of hotel staying at the HOTEL this New years will be my last for sure after the horrible experience that was shown to myself and our traveling friends from all over the US that came just for a fantastic new years experience that the HOTEL promised me to make up for the issues.. . I had been asked to let the HOTEL to give them another chance and they would give me a deal on the room that I would be staying in on the weekend of New Years. This option I would accept and I would ask several of my friends to come visit Vegas with my guest and I. . What I expected was friendly service, a clean room, and an experience that surpassed my expectation of the last failed trip. . . What I received at check in was a very rude manager who was worth her weight in rudeness and a complete lack of professionalism and knowledge. Even though my reservation was set up around December 1st, there was no communication from front desk to the department that offered the deal. . The manager was short with me, and tried to insist on charging me for the entire stay. During New years eve this would be a larger sum than expressed.  My card was charged for almost the whole price of our stay. I was told no one would be there untill the 2nd (checkout). . As stated prior, I have stayed with the hotel numerous times. When I came into the room, instantly I could tell that the space was not as it should be. Our beds were missing the duvet covers and instead were stained, "community comforters" that no one in there right mind would touch to themselves..  I called down to the front desk and was told it would be right up with the covers because they were being laundered. . At 4am, when we returned to our rooms that night, NO Covers. . . The next day we would go to pick up a package deal we had bought thru ticket master for a New years without  complications. . I had talked 4 friends into coming and purchasing them with me. This was based on the fact that the advertising said we could roam the properties bars, free of paying  a cover charge and that we could receive 5 free drinks that night all for one low price. The website for the hotel even stated it. All marketing would lead anyone with basic english  skills to think that that meant ALL bars. . It did not. What it meant was that guest could go to bars with no covers EVER, and the bars with cover charges would be upwards of $100+. because it was New Years Eve. Wow.. What was funny is we were a group of 5, yet 20 + people were getting there refunds to as it was a huge scam, all put together to entice tourists into thinking they were getting a good deal.. What we ended up doing is taking out money, spending not a dollar in the casino, or any money in thehotel and spending our money at the  Wynn. We all gambled a few grand, paid for our drinks and paid covers at places that actually seemed to care about the guest.. . For the trip being called " a makeup for your last experience" this sure would be more like a Finale.  I was so disgusted with the arguments with the staff over what the employees had said. The next day I had spoken to the head of the Security department and she actually said her associate Barry would never have offered us this time frame when we stayed at the hotel and that I was "lying."  The idiot had the nerve to call me and idiot not even realizing it was in emails. I marched down to the front lobby and had them print off all of them and I showed the  manager. . . Guest Experience FAIL.  . . I can tell you, 12 years ago, this would have been the place to stay. With the economy struggling you can really see that the casinos are hurting also. Take a look at all the empty space at the HOTEL. Take a look at how the staff acts, the towels all smell like burnt toast, and the rooms are a mess with the "Usual guests" dope pipes. I would stay at HOOTERS at this point over the HOTEL. This place belongs in Reno.
THE Cafe - service was POOR.  The waitress portrayed an attitude that we were bothering her or not worthy of being in the establishment.  Over the course of 2 hours, 3 people having to flag down a waitress or someone passing by to get the waitress for water or coffee is ridiculous.  I arrived at 7:20 a.m. and there were only 2 other people in the cafe.  Perhaps someone who labors for a living and lives in town doesn't rate the service provided to those with influence or fame.  Fortunately the 2 gentlemen I was with are millionaires and she gave them the same attitude and poor service  Maybe she was just having a bad day, but what a CRAPPY first impression.
Very disappointed with the valet and room service.  I had to unload my own car at valet And I never received my room service.  All they did was cancel my room-service order when it was going to arrive over an hour late and didn't even appologize! I want to change resorts . immediately! I've worked in the hotel industry and this is no way to treat a guest! Especially when your Not sold out. . . -room 3916
First and foremost, the entrance to The Hotel is in a dark parking garage.  Are you kidding me?  It's as if this hotel were just an afterthought to Mandalay Bay.. . When making the reservation for this hotel, we were told that upon check-in, we could request 2 connecting rooms with 2 queen beds in each.  Rooms connected by a door.  Upon actually checking in, we were notified that nowhere in the entire hotel of 1100 or so rooms did they have this configuration.  So we went for months between making the reservation to check-in believing that it was a possibility, even a probability that we would get this arrangement.  But there was never even a chance. . . The woman who was checking us in was rude when I told her we could have taken our business elsewhere if we had known.  She told me that she has worked all over the strip and we wouldn't find this anywhere.  Instead of trying to make the situation better, she spoke down to us.. . I asked for the manager, who was no more help and no friendlier.  She told us that reservations should have known, as if that was supposed to be our fault.  She didn't offer anything to make our experience better.  When I continued to try to make her understand the fault of her hotel, she cut me off, said 'have a nice day' and walked away.  Unbelievable for a hotel that makes a representation of "affording guests a haven of sophistication and service on par with the best boutique hotels in the world" I have had better customer service at a Motel 6, which would have been a better value by far.  . . We spent 30 minutes standing at the check-in desk.  A total joke.. . When we finally got two rooms next door to each other, thanks only to housekeeping alerting the front desk that they were ready, we were assured that our airport/strip view was one of the better views.  It was a view of the airport, and that's it.  . . The rooms are okay.  The entry space is a huge waste of space, as is the extra bathroom.  Speaking of that bathroom, there was human excrement in the toilet upon our entry.  I would have to say that the most ridiculous thing about the rooms is the coffee maker that sits on the counter of the bar, taking up so much space.  It isn't complimentary.  It costs $4 for a cup of coffee with powdered cream.  Another joke.  There was a tear in my pillowcase.  One of the metal fixtures on the door in the bathroom was ripped off.  Housekeeping wouldn't bring fresh glasses.  They forgot to bring fresh towels.  The chair in the sitting area was practically black with grime.  The carpet was filthy.  The water from the tap was so foul that I felt I was in Calcutta or something.  It smelled and tasted like dirty pool water.  Disgusting.  At night, I could hear the music and people from Mix Lounge 20 floors above me.   I just don't see how any of this adds up to "affording guests a haven of sophistication and service on par with the best boutique hotels in the world."  That is a total lie.  I think they should rename it "That Hotel.". . Another problem is the location.  The entire Mandalay Bay complex is so far removed from the happening part of the strip that it isn't worth the money.  If you want a better, more valuable experience in Las Vegas, stay at the Mirage or one of those hotels in the center of The Strip.  Because for $320/night, this place was not even close to being worth the price.
Very nice room, but: 1) the bedside lights on both side did not work, 2) the housekeeping left us an unwelcome present in the form of a previous guest's filthy wifebeater on the shower curtain rod (and then when we called to have the item removed and expressed concerns about the room's cleanliness, that's all they did - no attempt to clean a single thing or even give us fresh towels), and lastly 3) we left a cd we purchased from the House of Blues that night, when we discovered this we called the "Lost & Found" and left a voicemail - and never got a call back. I'm a local and would never stay at any Strip property normally, but it was a special occasion (seeing the show @ HOB and it was a birthday weekend). Extremely disappointed, disgusted, and a definite waste of money. No wonder tourism is down if this is the type of service & care provided.
So, I actually got a very nice response (not like the form letter above), where they acknowledged "their bad" and and offered a comped room for one night's stay good for year. Oh, but I am required to still pay the "resort fee"- I'm sorry, that's f*#(ing insulting and a scam.
Let me start by saying that I know that this is not a common occurrence (or at least I hope not), but why risk it?. . I recently stayed at The Hotel with a friend, and had several thousand dollars worth of personal items stolen out of our room by a person who had a key to the room. The safe in the room was not working, so we were unable to lock up our items. . . The hotel staff were not helpful and treated us like a burden rather than like a customer. They were unwilling to give us any helpful information, or to even give us a copy of our voluntary statement until we asked for it in front of police officers (the Las Vegas police by the way, are amazingly helpful and friendly). The hotel is claiming that they did nothing wrong because their computers show that the door was not left open, and that the room was only entered with a guest key. Right! We must have stolen our own stuff! That makes so much sense!. . And, forget getting any help from their risk management department (the group that does the investigations). We've called so many times and have received so much conflicting information about when our investigator will be in the office, or when they will call us back. And when we HAVE been able to talk to them, it's basically "We've done nothing wrong. You should have done x, y and z. And finally, we are only able to provide details or do a deeper investigation (looking at video surveillance) at the request of the police.". . The rooms are nice, but there are other hotels with similarly nice rooms, that have a better location, and treat their guests well. And do you really want to stay at a hotel that can't keep track of who they give their guest keys to, and risk having someone other than yourself and your travel companion(s) be able to enter the room?. . I hope no one else has to go through this. I almost never do online reviews, but I thought it was really important for people to know this story. Happy vacationing!
Robbed while asleep at " The Hotel"  Security did not want to make a report.  They wanted it swept under the carpet. The person came into our room while we were there and sleeping. You would think that they would care- but they did not.
Despite the assurance that a " very thorough investigation" is done, do not be fooled. I did regularly try to contact Risk Management, and kept getting the run around. Out of 15+ calls, I was only able to get the person handling our issue on the phone twice. Never got a call back, even if promised that I would get a call back by the end of the day. . . I was assured that the room was only entered by a guest key and that the door was not somehow left open. We had our guest keys with us when the theft happened, and I could not get a straight answer on how many guest keys were made. Somebody screwed up, and the hotel refuses to take responsibility. . . It was also a convenient coincidence that the safe didn't work. . . And last but not least, the hotel will tell you that this is a rare occurrence, but if you look around at reviews on the web, you'll see that there are other similar stories, and some where the people were sleeping in their rooms. We also had one of the security officers tell us that several similar incidents had happened on that the THEHotel property that night. Hotel managers and other security officers told us the exact opposite. If something happens to you while staying at the THEHotel property, do not expect honesty or help.
To celebrate a birthday, 4 sisters, 1 daughter and 1cousin spent 3 days at The Hotel at Mandalay Bay this past weekend.  Very disappointing, it's our second time at the hotel, and it will be our last.  We booked 2 rooms together with queen beds, and we were given king  rooms at opposite ends of the 18th floor.    . We were told we should have called the week prior to check-in to request the rooms be near each other.  When we said that we called 2 weeks prior, 1 week prior and 2 days prior to request the rooms together,  we were just told that's 'the best they can do'.  Then he said the Hotel didn't even have rooms with queen beds.....(NOT TRUE) . . A few unfortunate negatives were:. - When we checked in we had to lug our own bags upstairs and there was a MOLDY,   I MEAN FUZZY GREEN MOLDY room service tray in front of one of our rooms that stayed there for 24 hours. There were bags of empty boxes and garbage and green fuzzy cheese and strawberries.. - There were not bathrobes, no slippers and no towels in our room.. -  Most  of the staff that we had contact with, were not very friendly and seemed    unhappy to be working at the resort. . - The woman at the cafe would not give me small bills for change when I paid for our breakfast.  I asked for 2 tens and 2 fives and she said no, she couldn't do that....(even though I could see she had a lot of five's and ten's in the register...). -  The wave pool, and lazy river are tiny and took about 10 minutes to walk to through the casino area..... - These were supposed to be Suites, but there were no refrigerators and the Kurig coffee pot was there, although they told us it was $4.00 for each cup of coffee.. - We asked for late check out for one of the rooms since our flights didn't leave until 5:30 and they said they could not accommodate us. . On Sunday morning we asked for our bill so we could come back to pay.  He asked how our stay was, and we said we would have liked our rooms to be closer together, and he asked what time we checked in.  When we told him we arrived on Thursday evening he laughed...  He actually LAUGHED and said ' Well, that's why we couldn't get you rooms together... you have to check in early in the morning'.  (Isn't check in 3:00?). . Don't bother staying at this hotel.  There are tons of other options...
I have continued to try to contact Risk Management to figure out if they can tell me how many keys were made to our room. Surprisingly... still no response. . . I have however received a lovely letter in the mail saying that the investigation has been closed, that no fault has been found on the part of TheHotel and that they hoped the rest of our visit was nice. No details in it what so ever. Do they really think that providing no further information and following it with a message hoping our stay was nice makes any sense?. . I still want to know how the hotel thinks that someone entered our room if we were gone with our keys, the door was not left open, and the room was only entered with a guest key. How can it be hard to determine how many guest keys were made?  Do I really have to hire a lawyer or spend time and money marketing my story to get the hotel to take responsibility for their mistake and to hopefully care more about the safety of their guests?. . We had thousands of dollars worth of personal items stolen from our locked room and the safe conveniently didn't work. There's nothing about the service at this hotel that is good. Do not stay here! It's not safe. We're just lucky that we weren't in our room when the thief came in. Scary!
I had to stay one night in Vegas on business, and I booked a room at Mandalay Bay.  I paid for it in advance.  When I got there to check in, they said they had "upgraded" me to THE Hotel.  They had already assigned me to a particular room, and they gave me the key.  I took the key and walked back through the casino to the hotel entrance,. . When I got to the room, I saw that it was really tiny by Vegas standards.  It was nice enough, but when I went to plug in my laptop I saw that there was no desk, no chair, and astonishingly, there was only one electrical outlet in the whole room!!  I was there on business, and I couldn't plug in.  . . I was too tiredto go back downstairs and change rooms, so I stayed - it was only one night after all.  But I've never actually seen a hotel room before that didn't have a desk, a chair, or electricity.  All it was was a room with a bed.  It did have two bathrobes and two sets of slippers - but nowhere to sit down.  Business travelers beware!
What a joke. This dump cannot consider themselves a luxury hotel. My husband and I stayed here 9/16 to 9/18/12.. and if I close my eyes I can still feel the grubbyness of the room. Sheets were clean but had holes. Missing light bulbs, broken light fixtures, carpet in the living room so dirty it was gross. I had to call for them to send me over a room service book! WTH?! Bath tub drained very slowly and a nasty stench would waft up from the shower drain. YUCK. Will never stay here again. EW EW EW!!! Trying and failing to be Upscale...So Ghetto!!! :::shivers:::
I would like to start out by saying the Hotel property itself is impressive, the rooms have an amazing view and are spacious, and the bathrooms large and beautiful. However, my experience was terrible from checking in, to checking out. . . We arrived excited as it was our first time in Vegas. The attitude at the desk was less than impressive and seemed like they'd rather be ANYWHERE else than welcoming guests. Next, we had ordered a room a month in advance with 2 queen beds and they had us booked into a room with a king bed. They were somewhat apologetic about this and offered us a 75$ credit for room service as they were sold out and unable to accommodate us. Fine.. . We were only there for 2 nights, and when we got home, both my friend and I who had to share the king sized bed, both had BITES on our backs. This place has BED BUGS! and when i called to speak to a manager about this, (Paul, btw), he seemed like he could give 2 shits. He said that they would "check into it" and when I asked what would happen then, he said, "We'll just see.". . I'm telling you, we paid 780$$ for 2 nights in this hotel and were treated badly, had our reservation screwed up with little apology, and contracted BED BUGS!!!!!. . if you stay at this hotel, CHECK THE BED FIRST!!!!!
THESuite at THEHotel was THE Fucking Joke!. . My wife and I came here about a month ago for a quick weekend getaway.   I booked a $250 suite at THEHotel, thinking we'd get a little bit of upscale treatment.   Instead, we got a suite on the 4th floor that looked straight at a giant concrete fucking wall.   Sunlight never even made it into our bedroom which was bathed in the shadow of a huge and imposing parking structure.. . These guys spend millions, nay, billions of dollars building hotels in the desert.   Here's a thought:  put the fucking parking garage underground, you fucking idiots!!. . I came to the Mandalay Bay for my Bachelor Party back in '06 and didn't recall being super impressed.   This was the final nail in the coffin.   There's no way in hell I'm ever booking a room at Mandalay Bay again.
Do NOT stay here if you want to have any fun at all while in Vegas.  . . Myself, my parents, and 6 other friends all booked suites here for our wedding this past weekend.  We have now found several other names that would be more appropriate:. . THEbuzzkill. THEnofunhotel. THEhotel - where fun goes to die. . For both Wednesday and Thursday nights we had a total of 4 people in our room.  No TV, no radio, no party, nothing loud - and yet we received noise complaints both nights at midnight.  Are you kidding me?  . . Thursday night we decided to head up to the Foundation room to grab a drink and the overly pretentious snots at the front door took a look down their noses at us and said "we can let you up now, but we may have to ask you to leave later".  For wearing jeans and a shirt?  Regardless of the treatment we received downstairs, we decided to go up anyways.  It was a GORGEOUS view and the bartenders were great, but when you're asked to not sit on the couches because they're reserved for "members only" you really should have more than about 15 people in the place to make your snobbery a tad more legitimate.  . . We did have a nice, big room - but it was quite dark in terms of decor and starting to show wear and tear.  The wifi connection was TERRIBLE - to the point that friends of ours got their $25/day resort fee refunded to them for all 3 days because no one could fix it.  . . In short, our trip was ruined for the first few days.  I will never, ever stay here again, and cannot recommend it to anyone.  Spend your money elsewhere.
The room is really nice but the walls are paper thin and it's very easy to get a noise complaint.  We weren't partying, we were just talking, with no TV or music and we had noise complaints.  Seriously.  And the Wi-fi barely worked in the room (and didn't work anywhere else), thankfully they at least waived the $25 per day resort fee.. . Not to mention they don't have a bell desk; when you want to find a bellhop to get your bags you left with them after checkout, good luck finding them.  It's so bad, you can even walk into the "secure" storage area.. . I guess this is the place to bring pets and quiet children and expect a super quiet experience.
Is there such a thing as a negative star? Because this hotel deserves it! I was really excited to stay here for our winter trip considering it was our first time at this hotel establishment and the raving reviews from other yelpers! But I guess every experience is different! We probably came at the wrong time, but at the very least, the hotel should have been courteous enough to inform their guests of their renovations! . . I called, emailed and even filled out a survey about our experience at this hotel, and not a single staff has done anything about the issues we addressed!. . 1. Directions and signs: the signs will definitely get you lost! It took us 30 minutes to get around to the valet place. Even one of the staff members (from the other hotel: mandalay bay) gave us the wrong directions! There were alot of closures and other signs that suppose to direct you to the valet area, but it just took us to a different route.. . 2. Staff has poor customer service from the valet, bell men, bayside buffet to the shark reef aquarium! I don't think the staff like theirjob very much because all they do is stand around and chit chat with other staff members! No greeting, no hello, no "hi, can we assist you with any luggage today? NADA! They look bored, lifeless and simply not happy! Not even a SMILE! First impressions are very important! If you're not going to embrace your job whole-heartedly, then I suggest you look for a different job that's less rewarding! Customer service is very important! Especially in the hotel industry business! Upon check out, guest services didn't even bother to ask us if we enjoyed our stay! Nothing at all! . . 3. If you're going to charge a $25.00 resort fee, you better make sure that the internet works at least! I just think it's ridiculous especially since it didn't work most of the time! The hotels nickle and dime you for everything in the resort fee, but we didn't even get to take advantage of it!. . 4. Front Desk - you guys are the front lines of this hotel and if a customer isn't happy and is addressing a concern, you should take matters into your own hands and resolve the matter! Instead, what do you do? Offer us water! Seriously? What is that? Wow! That was really disappointing!. . 5. Bayside Buffet - this used to be a very classy restaurant, but when we ate for dinner, the food was mediocre and tasted like it's been sitting there for hours! No wonder this place was empty! They charge $30+tax per person for dinner and honestly, their food isn't worth the amount you paid for! That's more than the M Buffet Restaurant and that place had better food! The people that worked there just kept talking to other staff members and when you ask them about a particular item on the menu, they look pissed off because you interrupted their precious conversation! . . 6. Shark Reef Aquarium - Old. Outdated! For $18 you can tour this place in less than 10 minutes! It's sad because upon exiting (when you view your picture), they're suppose to be happy and excited to show you the pictures taken, but instead we were the ones who were greeting the staff and smiled at them and asked if they were doing great, but all they did was smirk and chuckled! Apparently, they weren't enthusiastic about anything! They were bored out of their minds! . . 7. The rooms were okay! But the TV is so old (it's a plasma and there's not alot of channels to choose from)! The entire hotel has a dark and gloomy feel to it! They need some major changes to the rooms!. . In conclusion....I'm not really thrilled to talk about this hotel and everything inside of this place! I should have just kept my reservation with the ARIA hotel since we've never stayed there either! But we just wanted to give this place a try! Other  that than, I suggest you yelpers look for a different place to stay!. . BEWARE: they're going through alot of facelift renovations during this time! Alot of places (cafes, lounges, restrooms, etc.) are closed. I hope they'll consider improving their customer service while they're at it! Don't even bother with addressing your concerns and issues. No one will get back to you to fix the problem or compensate you for the inconvenience! :(
The worst experiance ever!!After driving 10 hours from sf bay area,Upon check in at The hotel,I was told "Pet Friendly" ment a 20 pound yipping ,crapper could stay but my little caged bird had to go!I was not only told to leave,but when I called Vegas.com to complain I was told tough shit you can't have a refund you did not cancel 24 hours in advance.We Might charge you ALL three Days!!After some threats of a lawsuit I was refunded all of my purchase,but had nowhere to stay...
I consider myself a fairly well traveled person; I have traveled hroughout Europe and the Americas.  But I HAVE NEVER STAYED in a place that is so chintzy (as this place) that they charge you for in room coffee and water.  The decor is beautiful; yes, I do call it as I see it.  The staff is very condescending if they don't know you to be a high roller or regular.  I was just there 12/22 thru 12/25 and was utterly disappointed with the service and included amenities.  Another thing that drives me a bit nuts is that these folks allow dogs in their rooms.  If I wanted that I would have stayed at a low end budget motel.  For the money they charge you would think that you'd get at least free in-room coffee and water.  It behooves any value oriented person to patronize other establishments who don't simply bank on their brand and who do recognize the value of repeat customers. Oh, and BUYER BEWARE, THESE FOLKS ARE CURRENTLY CHARGING A $25.00 PER DAY "USE FEE" AND 12% TAX ON YOUR ROOM.  My understanding is that the use fee is justified by allowing you to use their internet and their tv which by the way has a rotten channel lineup, no hd and their internet service requires you to log onto their system and is still unreliable.  So not worth it!
This was my 2nd and last time ever staying at this Hotel. I have stayed at just about every major hotel in Las Vegas. And I usually do not write a bad review unless it is well deserved. . . We had booked one of their Internet specials offering a very good sun-thu rate with a $75 food and beverage credit. I was excited, because I had my kids and my 21yr old niece and they had never been here. I'll start by saying that at check-in, they debited my credit card for almost double what I owed for the room. We arrived on a Sunday evening, I had set up a Spa appointment on Monday at the bathhouse, only to discover my appointment had been set for the saturday before. My credit card was consequently charged for a "no show". When I complained, the staff talked to me like I was crazy, suggested I call accounts receivable myself. Then when I voiced my frustration, they offered me a mere $30 food credit. But was now out about $600 totall. With the hotel holding a hefty deposit and the Spa charging me for services I never received. Was $30 really going to make a big difference and their over rated expensive restaurants. Really? . . The room wasn't as clean as my previous stay, there weren't enough towels. The wi-fi connection thru cox cable was non exixtant. The room keys were so sensitive, I had to make more than one trip to the front desk to get new ones. There were no ice containers in the room and no complimentary coffee. One night about 10pm, I sat down to watch a DVD and they were doing repairs with hammers next door, with no prior notice. It went on for approximately 30 minutes. . . Last but not least, . . I hated how the staff was rude, short, and just down right not friendlly. I will never stay here again. Do not waste your money. About the only thing is that they have 1.5 bathrooms, and comfy pillows. But you can get that at any other hotel and much much more. I'll pay extra to stay at the Bellagio.
Disgusting... We got RASHES from their bedding! A group of us rented 5 rooms for a 40th birthday party.... . One room had BLOOD on the sheets (not washed bedding), the other room had RITZ CRACKERS in the bed, another rooms bath tub overflowed and they had to stay in the room with WET CARPET for 2 days.. .  I of course, saved the best for last. My significant other and myself are covered in a ichy burning rash - from head to toe!!!. . So I complained to the general manager and he said they would put my room on quarantine and let me know what they find out... Thanks! I will never again stay at the Mandalay Bay... It was my first and last time there. ---. . I would however stay at the Planet Hollywood, Luxor and even Treasure Island. Much cleaner and cheaper! And RASH FREE! Grosssssss!. . They would not take off any Money for the stay or anything!!!! (I was not looking for anything FREE, I have just had MUCH BETTER CUSTOMER SERVICE)
DO NOT BOOK AT the hotel..ALTHO WE CONFIRMED TWICE DURING THE DAY OF ARRIVAL WHEN WE ARRIVED THEY HAD NO ROOM FOR US...it was a horror show! Then made me walk 2 mi to Mandalay and had to wait for my bag from bell desk for an hour. What a waste of time! This happened to others checking in next to me also.. they typically OVERBOOK then shlep you  over to Mandalay Bay without so much as a nod..TUFF LUCK! If you want the hotel..GOOD LUCK! this is a scheme and a racket! Didn't offer any complimentary for the screw job..just ..TOUGH LUCK! Don't be sucked in! This is a huge rip-off...Stay any where else..you're better off..I didn't sign up for paying $500 for 2 nights at Mandalay Bay..GIVE ME A BREAK! It also bothers me they couldn't care less...NOT so much as a "We're Sorry" just tough luck.. WHAT A JOKE! I just realized they are getting $200 more a night at the hotel for my room than what I booked it for in advance..this is TRULY a rip-off..so they give MY reserved room to a walk in for $200 more than I pd for it!  NOW I GET IT!. . RIP OFF     RIP OFF     RIP OFF      RIP OFF   RIP OFF    RIP OFF   RIP OFF   RIP OFF. . CAN YOU SAY BAIT AND SWITCH??????????????
I stay here a minimum of three times per year. My last stay, last week, was depressing. Key cards did not work properly ( required repeated insertions in door to get it open) there was no bath mat placed in the bathroom, so I had to use a regulalr towel on the floor. Speaking of regular towels, could they be any rougher? Lots of signs of wear and tear...stains on the couch, scratches on wood and furniture, bed sagging in center. Tiles in shower look skeavy. All of this would have just led to a ho hum, no complaint on Yelp, but what really irked me was my last morning there. I went for an early breakfast came back to my room and neither one of the key cards would work any longer. I was in a huge rush to get packed, check out and make it to a 10 am business meeting. I waited in line, got new key cards, packed and rushed downstairs to check out. Waited in line for 20 minutes while three THE Hotel staff wasted time chatting with people trying to check in at 10am. You see, rather than have one line for check in and one line for check out, which would show organization, they do not do that. So people trying to check in at 10 am, when check in is not until 2pm, have nothing better to do than to chat the front desk staff. Meanwhile, those of us waiting to check out, needing to catch a plane, get to a metting, whatever, just waited. The waiting line quickly became quite long. After 20 minutes, when i finally got to a front desk person and complained about the wait and lack of organized lines, I got the rudest, most disrespectful response ever. So, if you stay there, be prepared for crappy service. I will never stay there again! It is fallen on hardtimes and poorly managed!
I am a frequent here at both THE hotel and Mandalay Bay but this weekend changed that indefinitely for good. I would not think to come back here ever ever ever. Overall my stay here this past weekend was horrid because it was one bad situation toppled on top of another. Room was booked under casino in APRIL and we did a follow up a month before arrival and THE SAME DAY AT 6 P.M, but based on availability, our suite at THE hotel was unavailable. Maybe it would have been nice if they did a follow up. We called at 6 p.m informing them of our arrival but at 8 p.m, the hotel changed it by downgrading us. Mind you we had a large group and a dog (Mandalay Bay does not welcome pets) so we had to drop off our dog elsewhere. Very understandable because that is noted on the terms and agreements. Secondly, after going back and forth with the front desk, they informed us that a room would be ready in an hour because it was not clean. Arrival to the hotel was almost at midnight. So my group and I resorted to canceling plans on a Friday because it was too late to go out. They gave me a petty $50.00 for food credit then bumped it up to $75.00. It was a complete waste of our Friday night so this bootleg comp money could not buy our happiness. We got in at 12 a.m, and got into our room at 2 .am It only gets better, our belongings had to be hauled from THE hotel to Mandalay Bay and our car was at THE hotel garage to top it off. . It the midst of all these issues we decided to move on, well that didn't happen.  We needed extra towels and that was an annoyance because it's so SIMPLE. Housekeeping completely forgot to bring the towels, fine it happens. I went down the hall to scavenge from them myself, then to find three different housekeepers that were unfriendly to say the least. I went to all three of them and they did not want to spare me three god damn towels. Is it that serious? I HAD TO CALL HOUSEKKEPING so the supervisor could walk me to where the towel storage room.. The hotel room was very clean ! Minor issues were a lot of the outlets not working at all. The a/c was not working sufficiently because it was extremely hot.. Valet didn't want to take my car and had to debate with the 118 degree heat on why they had to take my car in. That was insane because they wanted to send me to THE hotel parking lot, creepy and confusing cause that's where we got transferred from.  . Management called our room because they found out how horrific our situation was; mind you none of us complained what so ever. The manager was accommodating but again, trying to buy our love with the petty comps, she bumped it from $75.00 to $150.00. I felt as if they throw that in your face just to justify all the bad that went wrong, Nope doesn't work. . On Saturday, our room was NOT CLEANED, and no we did not have the do not disturb sign ETC. We didn't call to complain. All I did was kept my mouth shut because I was trying to enjoy an eventful weekend. I had to call for toilet paper and toiletries on different occasions. . What was supposed to be a three night stay turned into two night stay. We needed to vacate because we were very annoyed with this hotel as a whole. Coming back to this property is highly unlikely. What a weekend ruined. Never again !
I have stayed at THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay at least four times in the last six months. Usually the experience as been a positive one, no noise, non gaming hotel, without the smoking odor that many hotels have. However my recent stay was horrible. The express checkout through my mobile app did not show my actual bill, I was hung up on three times attempting to check out and then told I was checked out and my bill would be emailed to me.. . After twelve hours and still no bill, I called THE Hotel and spoke to a man who was reading the bill information to me and my concern immediately skyrocketed because there were charges that were not mine...then he called me by the wrong name and realized he was reading a different customer's bill.. . Lastly, the bill he emailed me did not have my dining charges removed (as I had a $75 resort credit). I explained this and he updated the bill immediately but said the charges were already processed on my credit card and the credit issues would not appear for two to three weeks!. . I cannot say how simply horrible the entire customer service experience was during this recent stay. I am in Vegas frequently for business and have decided to NEVER stay at this hotel again. I have booked at a NON MGM property (The Encore) for my next trip and hopefully it will be the start of many repeat stays.. . THE Hotel...you lost a very loyal customer...and I would not recommend it to a coworker or friend.
Headed to Vegas to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary and husbands birthday. With Michel Jackson tickets in hand for Monday and dinner reservations at Mixx on Tuesday to celebrate our big day we were pretty excited to get away.. Booked reservations at Mandalay Bay so I don't know how we ended up at The Hotel but the check in girl made it seem like we were being upgraded so we we went with it.. I have to agree with another couple of reviews regarding the smell. There is an obvious sewage problem that carries throughout the hotel once you leave the casino floor to the lobby. As you walk through the lobby hallway it's all anyone noticed and I'm surprised it's in another yelp review dated a month back and it's still so bad.It's definitely unappealing. Our room was clean and nice although only 1 pillow and 1 towel for each of us.The biggest problem is the building next door about 5 floors down has huge fans on it's roof that apparently never shut off.. I noticed how loud they were( think helicopter hovering outside window) and on our way to the show talked to check in desk and confirmed that fans ran 24/7. Requested a different room and could not be accommodated because the hotel was booked. No apology just too bad so sad attitude. If I had known that I was paying 300.00 to not sleep all night I would have stayed elsewhere. . We were so annoyed we ended up checking out the next morning and skipped spending our anniversary there. Too many other options in Vegas to spend my hard earned cash here.
How could a resort go so bad so fast. Soiled linen and poor maid service would normally turn me off. However from August 28 to September 3, 2013 the smell of raw sewerage emanating throughout the elevators, lobby and up to our 8th floor was outright disgusting. Throw in my casino host and hotel manager saying they didn't smell it was the last straw. I am out never coming here again :(
Not impressed...besides the horrible order...two days they skipped cleaning the room...coffee pot in the room but you will pay a fortune for the coffee that is available for your use.  Tried to go to the pool...oh I'm sorry you will have to go long way around, we closed this exit for a convention...try to get a tube to buy...oh I'm sorry...you will have to got to the other end this one isclosed...LIKE REALLY...by the time you get to the pool, get a towel, tube and a chair...plan on an hour or more.. . Called for dining reservations...oh I'm sorry it is closed for a private party.... . I would never stay here again.
Checked in as a guest of iHeart Radio and the staff at TheHotel aggressively sold us an upgrade to a 2 bedroom suite at the Mandalay. When we arrived at our upgraded suite it was clearly a room they could not have sold otherwise. The room was right over the tram tracks, close to air conditioners and vent fans, and within spitting distance of the parking ramp. The Mandalay staff told us there was nothing they could do and left us staring at at a couple of acres of a rooftop full of air conditioners and listening to traffic, music, and voices from the street. It wouldn't have been so bad if they hadn't SPECIFICALLY told us that the room would be"high up" in the hotel. BTW, do NOT believe the glowing description of the suites at the Mandalay. At this point I would move to a decent Marriott Courtyard in a blink.. . As I type this I'm listening to an air conditioner fan clanging outside the window and really loud music from somewhere. The room is worn and not that clean either. . . You've been warned.
I booked our stay months prior to our vacation the week prior to labor day Weekend. Disappointment one after another-from getting a smoking room after confirming a non smoking. THE WORST THING: NOT EVERYTHING STAYED IN VEGAS. BUGS-THE TINY ONES THAT INFEST-LICE-...I called immediately when we found them upon our return home. WHAT A TOTAL RUN AROUND, LIP SERVICE AT ITS FINEST FOR SURE Matt M.!  BS reports 'taken' by front desk managers that got lost as I went up the chain of command. Finally, after my 4th call to Risk Management, they concluded since there were no reports prior to or since my stay, they had nothing to do with it. WELL DUH, IF THEY COULDNT FIND MY 2 REPORTS FILED with MANAGERS, why would they find any reports prior or since? I spent $4000 AT THE HOTEL that week, plus RETURNING HOME, another $500 for total de-licing of my home, car, my daughter's hair and mine. TOTALLY UNPHASED WAS THE RISK MANAGER. Thanks so much for nothing...
Weak.  We have stayed here twice this year, and both were very disappointing.  Starting to show significant signs of wear and deferred maintenance.  . And I am not sure what you get for the $25 daily resort fee that is not included in the room rate.  After our last stay, we would not have come back except my wife wanted to go to the MJ One show.   . . . so we thought we would give it a try.  . . Pretty much nothing has changed from our prior stay that turned us off.  Good restaurants, but the spa is very disappointing.  . . For the price, there are so many better options farther North that are more convenient to the rest of the strip.
I will never stay here again!! Hire some housekeepers that can clean. Our suite is dirty & dusty.
After having a bad experience at Mandalay Bay, I decided to go to theHotel to give it a try. I am currently staying 5 nights, and the positive aspects are the spacious rooms. The rooms are fairly dusty, but it is manageable. However, the service at this hotel is horrible. I have stayed in this hotel for four days and the ice machine has been broken, and when I called guest services, they said they would have it fixed right away. They did not fix the machine, and brought a bucket of ice to my room after 2 hours. I can't even have a cold drink at my convenience in a 5 star hotel. Today, I called for a bucket of ice again due to the broken ice machine, and the guest service representative said I have to pay for the bucket of ice. So, I have to pay for a bucket of ice, because the machine doesn't work, what kind of service is this? I asked for tissues for the restroom, and it has been 2 hours and it has not yet been delivered. I cannot even conveniently use the restroom. The guest service representative had very bad attitude when I asked for a bucket of ice and tissues, and when I told him that I had ice delivered to my room the previous day for no charge, he questioned me as if I were lying. If you want to stay at a hotel with bad service, this is the hotel for you.
