Bad.  I have six years living in aircraft carriers in 200 person berthings and this hotel is worse.  Do you like mold and ants - if so, this hotel will deliver.  The bathroom had mold in the tub, sink, on the ceiling, and around the toilet- not a spot or two of mold, I'm talking about all the grout within 24 inches of the tub was covered with it.  The sheets were not even close to being clean.  I knew when I selected this hotel that it was old and of course there are a lot of children- I thought my kids would have fun, but these issues weren't related to being an older hotel- this is poor cleaning and lack of attention to detail.
Circus Circus isn't as glamorous it used to be. Then again I was young and naive back then. Went back with my girlfriends recently and it was a terrible experience. The casino is old and reeks of smoke. I would never gamble here. The Adventuredome was unspectacular. It happened to be raining that day and guess what? The dome was leaking. The cherry on top was they decided to place buckets and rags on the floor to catch the leaks. Pretty ghetto if you ask me. I can't believe we paid for the cab ride to get here. Also, there's this moving walkway that leads to NOWHERE. Spare yourself; avoid this place!
GHETTO. Dingy, dark, and low ceilings with annoying kids running around everywhere. Didn't stay here by choice, and I didn't come to Vegas to listen to screaming and whining kids all day. . . Rooms didn't have shower caps and couldn't get hold of front desk. The fitness rooms has little kids playing on the machines and people walking on the treadmills in socks. Pool? what pool? . . Only pluses is that it was cheap (~$150 for 3 nights over holidays), rooms were big, and close to encore and wynn. But it was still about a 10 min walk to encore. . . Stay somewhere else if you can afford it.
Forget about fear of clowns, if that's your issue.  I was more scared of the fact that my room was the scene of an obvious Crack party prior to my check in.  Upon entry none of the lamps would turn on,  so I reached for the lightbulbs.  Simply put, they were greasy with fingerprints.  The remote control was sticky.  The TV and wireless modem had been unplugged behind the TV cabinet and brownish toilet paper had been stuffed in the peephole.  No doubt some very important crackhead was trying to keep "the man" from surveilling their going's on in the room while they binged.. . On to the exercise room.  After signing out a key for the workout area I had to be escorted there by security as it is impossible to find in that aging labyrinth.  Neither my key card nor the security guards worked so I had to knock to be let in.  I wish that I hadn't.  The smell of old, penetrating and sour sweat hit me like a sledge hammer.  Like if I kept my heavily used workout shorts moist and warm in a plastic bag for several years.  Not good.  It took more work to find an operational machine than anything I did in that terrible room.. . Second night in the hotel I returned at 11pm, tired and ready to sleep in my crack sheets, when alas, my card key didn't open the door to my room.  I called the front desk and they sent security up.  The first security person's card didn't work so they had to call up another guard.  I told the first that, "this is Vegas, and if I were a betting person I would wager that the fact that my card worked earlier but doesn't now, and that your master card doesn't work, the door lock is broken."  My logic was apparently not sound enough because they called up another, whose card didn't work either.  They had to call up maintenance with some secret room opening device that I couldn't see.  I then had to relocate to a new room at 1am.  They were gracious enough to offer me late check-out for the inconvenience.. . Finally, the food at the buffet.  I was really hungry.  However, my hunger was clearly not powerful enough to make a single item on the nasty buffet palatable.  I even tried simple things like the chicken strips just trying to get some sustenance, but even they were inedible.. . If you are someone who has young children that you don't mind dragging around at midnight while you while away their college tuition, then this is the place for you, as it was for countless others of this description.. . That ain't me though, and I won't be going back to the place that made me think even less of Vegas...
Maybe I hate this hotel because any time we've ever stayed here, it's been across the street in their motel section, not in the main casino hotel..and it's ghetto over there.  And even if I were to stay in the main hotel, I still don't like this place.  It's junky, clowns - yuck...maybe if you have kids this is the place for you.  I'm all about "Who cares where you stay in Vegas, you only use your room to sleep in" but I draw the line here.  I guess I do care where I stay and that will be anywhere but here.
A more accurate name would be Shit Stank Palace. Unless you want to contract syphilis or diarrhea, stay away. My early childhood nostalgia became obliterated once my friends and I stepped into this dump on New Years Eve (They were Vegas first-timers). An overwhelming stench of smoke, body odor, popcorn and alcohol pervaded the casino and midway area. As we were leaving, a woman quickly remarked once she stepped in, "Ew, do you smell that? Ugh. Do you smell that?!?" Yes, ma'am, that smells like shit. No amount of cotton candy, foot long cocktails, and $1 hot dogs would have made it better. Even the famous Adventuredome isn't a good reason to visit (except during Halloween) anymore. Like most hotels on the north end of the strip, they have fallen victim to poor maintenance and cleanliness.. .  It's too bad, I think with better management and investment in upkeep, Circus Circus could've been iconic...in a good way. Now it's legacy will be associated with the smell of fart.
This is one place I can safely say you won't want to stay at on the strip. I booked over the phone and they gave me the wrong room. They gave me their "Manor" rooms instead of their "West Tower Rooms". The difference is shocking! The Manor rooms are worse than a motel, while the West Tower Rooms are actually "OK". For the price though you can do a lot better on/or near the strip. My advice on saving a little money would be to go to the RIO, which I found to be A LOT cleaner/nicer/just better. The only pro (if you had to pick one out) would be that it is close the Las Vegas Convention Center for events.. . Pros:. Close to the Las Vegas Convention Center. . Cons:. Dirty. Run Down. Manor Rooms are disgusting. West Tower Rooms are barely passable for the price. Not in the heart of the strip. Reservations over the phone may be messed up (get your reservation in writing...seriously, don't forget this step). . Overall:. Better value all over (on/off) the strip at other hotels
This effin' hotel is NOT on the strip regardless of what Travelocity, Orbitz, Hotwire, the hotel itself, its "neighborhood" on Yelp will tell you. It's about a $20 cab ride for two people away from the strip. . . Ahhhhh. I made the mistake of staying here in Sept 2008. WORST MISTAKE EVER. Spend $1-200 more and stay somewhere nicer, seriously.. . The LINE to check in was absurdly long. Two hours; I'm not kidding. It seriously looped around the lobby like a roller coaster ride line at a theme park, only when we got to the "roller coaster" we were actually being checked into the single shittiest hotel room I've ever been in. And I have stayed in $40 a night hotels in downtown Dallas. We noticed most of the younger people / couples had the exact same bewildered looks on their faces as we did.. . The room was atrocious. There were what appeared to be poo stains (no, not water damage, although there was that, too) on the ceiling of the bathroom. The wallpaper was peeling off in our room, bathroom and the hallways. The bed sheets appeared relatively clean, but it's not difficult for hotels to wash sheets. The carpet looked (and felt) like it hadn't been steam cleaned or otherwise taken care of in at least a year, which in Vegas hotel years is like, 1,000 years.. . The pictures were hung straight which is I guess a plus but they were of clowns and other various carnival / circus monstrosities. Although, I suppose that's to be expected at ahotel named after a circus... twice.. . The casino or whatever was alright. Don't expect great drink service no matter how much you tip. The circus part was shitty at best. . . SUPER GHETTO. Just say no. Or get really drunk and it won't matter where you stay. :)
This place is super ghetto man. I felt like a walked into the trailer park version of a Las Vegas Hotel back in the 1970's. Their restaurants are McDonalds and Krispy Kreme if that tells you anything haha. We stopped in to let my little guy do some rides and get some prizes so yes your kids will love it because they aren't pretentious little turds like we adults are.
Stayed on Feb. 18-20 for my wedding. Only reason we stayed was because we took our kids and figured they would be happy.  OMG never again! Cleaning ladies came in didn't even knock and I was in my towel, same thing with a few of my guests.  At the time of checkout the hotel had made an error with one of the rooms I reserved so as I was waiting for bell boy i called front desk and was told it needed to get resolved asap with all the commotion I ended up leaving my wedding dress in closet since it was going to be the last thing for bell boy to take and to no surprise after I realized I had forgotten it, it was STOLLEN!!! Hotel "Investigated" and now say they will not take any responsibility.  Never again will we stay there and neither will my guest a total of 30!  Hope it hurts them a little!
Decades ago, i  booked  low priced rooms here over the phone. should i have been surprised  when the room wasn't available when i arrived?  Circus cited some technicality that wasn't followed. (ya right.). . They offered some replacement rooms at some place on the edge of town. didn't take the offer.doubt i spent any monie$ at circus.. . wandered all over reno. it was slightly snowing, and  there was black ice on the streets. (taxicab was sliding, i thought the driver was drunk. he blamed black ice).  saw a show, saw the mgm building, got married at a chapel and returned on the return bus to oaktown.. . nothing unusual happened on that birthday. . . oh this circus is lv? my bad! meant to post for reno circus circus. (talk about murphy's law, this post illustrates it.)
Ok this isn't for circus circus as much as it it for the restaurant inside the hotel called "rockin ritas" I went there to order my gf her first liquor drink for her 21st bday and already upon walking in the place wasn't "rockin" besides that we sat down to order drinks she orders hers, I order a frozen margarita colored blue as shown in the drink menu and the server "Trinidad" chuckles at me I said "is there a problem with making that drink" he replies with "no it's just gonna be really inconvenient" I followed up with "really don't see what's so hard about making a blue margarita" He says fine and takes off,comes back with the drink 15 mins later we drink the drinks and I ask for the check I had to chase him down after being ignored for 10 mins while he sat and watched tv. promptly within 20 mins or so after leaving the restaurant I came down with a terrible stomach ache and nausea I'm not gonna say anything was done to my drink to cause that but it was strange that it happened only after drinking the drink in closing I will never go there again and it was a terrible introduction to my gfs experience into her 21st bday. :(
I'm sorry, it's creepy, it's dirty, and the slots aren't that great.  I hate to leave this low of a review, but...never again
I don't have much to say other than I felt like I had to delouse myself after leaving. My man and I went to the Steak House for our super sexy date night (a night where we get dressed up and have a nice dinner). We had heard great things about this place . The problem is you have to go through a good portion of the casino to get there. It reminded me of going to Tijuana as a kid....dirty and vendors selling cheap crap everywhere. I will come back to take the monkeys to the Adventuredome to ride the kiddie rides but that's about it.
Don't. Seriously, just don't.. . There are probably 5 kids to every adult here. The rooms are disgusting. Worse than any motel I've ever stayed at. The king beds seems like they are composed of only springs and a think layer on top. The only good thing is that they have low betting tables like $5 BlackJack. It was was my first experience and I double my money! But you've been warned, do not stay here. You're in Vegas, live it up!
Date of trip: October 2010 . Purpose: In town for a wedding . Status: Vegas Virgin . . I was sucked in by the price for a room "on the strip". I found a deal on a room and could have spent another $20 for a room in a NICE hotel that was ACTUALLY on the strip, so once I knew this, I kicked myself. Hard. . . The decor and condition of the room is on par with tired, dingy $25 rooms on the side of Route 66 in the middle of nowhere, I just WAAY overpaid. The bathtub spout wouldn't stop dripping loudly. The alarm clock was broken - didn't just not work, but some prior guest had smashed it to smitherines. There was actually a list of 6 things wrong with the room, which I called downstairs to tell them about. They just said ok, that they wrote it down, and suggested I order a wake-up call. SMH . . I also didn't appreciate them saying they're on the strip without a disclaimer, "TECHNICALLY we are on the strip, but you will be so far away from everything else on the strip that you will have to pay through the nose to get back and forth from your destinations and your room throughout your stay". . . Meanwhile, my friends on the trip were staying at nice hotels on the strip at or near The Venetian, where the wedding was held. They were sending pics of their rooms to FaceBook - gorgeous rooms, drapes with remote controls, etc. Then after I visited my friend in her Venetian room, my Circus Circus room looked like a total &*$# hole. I asked why nobody told me, they said nobody told them, either, that it seems to be the way of Vegas, Vegas Virgins stay in Circus Circus their first trip, hate it, and go to the nice spots every trip after.
Let me begin with this caveat: I wasn't expecting luxury. I wasn't even expecting anything special. I got a very good price on our room. All I was expecting a decent room, with a decent bed, in a decent building.. . That said, this was a truly dreadful stay. It's not even worth extensive detail.. . To begin, the signs for getting visitors around the large hotel property are useless.. . Check-in was quick enough, and the clerk was efficient, professional, and amiable. Nice.. . Anything nice ended there. We hiked to our room to drop off our bags.. . Oh. My. Gosh. Our building (in the Manor area of the property) was filthy on the outside. The carpet and halls were dirty, and the building smelled terrible. We requested a non-smoking room... and we were welcomed by the overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke when we opened our door. The carpet in the room, as in the hall, was extremely dirty. The furniture in the room had huge gouges and strips torn out of it--some as long as a foot or two. Classy. No, not classy.. . The television was quite old, but whatever. Not a qualifier for quality for me. Just ended up being another thing to add to the tally of sub-par experiences.. . The bed comforter was smelly and dirty. Shiver. I tried not too think about that one too hard.. . The bathroom might have been the worst part of the room (ew). There were yellow spatters and splashes and stains all over the walls--seriously, so ridiculous. They were things that would've easily come off with a wet rag. There were filmy splashes and stains on the doors, too. The whole place DESPERATELY needs a wipe-down. Seriously. It would improve it massively. Oh, and you only get shampoo (no conditioner) and two bars of soap, so plan on that. No lotion. No bath gel.. . Then, the worst part: Circus Circus walls are only good for keeping out light. I AM NOT JOKING. Our neighbors staying on both sides of us, speaking in regular tones, were clearly audible--many times we could hear everything they were saying. That's not to mention when other guests came home at 12:30 AM and later after having a good time at the bar and speaking rather louder than usual. Anywhere in the hall? You'll hear what they're saying. In their rooms, a couple doors down? You'll hear them there, too. You'll hear everything in the whole building. We even had earplugs that we put in a little after midnight... still noisy. The room air conditioners are like blow-driers. They're that loud.. . Last, their "Commitment to the Environment" cards fall pretty flat, when their tub faucets and shower heads pour like rivers. Flow control, anyone?. . We love a good hole in the wall, but this was appalling.
Decided to check the place out on our Vegas trip. What an awful idea! We should have turned around as soon as we saw the amount of trash in the elevator. As soon as we arrived on the main floor we were greeted with yelling screaming children, sketchy old dudes, and just general chaves around. TRASHY! but we came to see the free circus show. I definitely wanted to see some ariel work ad the net they had looked pretty cool. Instead we got a really bad clown and a juggler who kept dropping his pins. We also considered playing a little blackjack because they had some cheap tables. But at this point I felt like I needed a shower. SKIP THIS PLACE!
This is one of those 70s era Vegas spots that are still alive. I never, ever stayed at their hotels but I've been to their arcade. I remember wasting a good amount of money on the arcade for fun lol but I brought home a good number of domo stuff toys :D. . It reminds me of a depression future of Vegas, they have some small tvs scattered around their old-school glass dome arcade evoking 90s terribly nightmarish bad humor-clowns, it still haunts me.. . The shops are meant for low-key and stingy tourists and the casino is just average looking.. . They have circus presentations, though I'm not a fan. If been to their Reno rendtion and they're pretty much the same.. . Overall, Vegas and Circus Circus' management should improve this blackhole of failing attraction.
Stay away from Circus Circus! That is all I have to say.
Avoid this place, avoid the kids, avoiding the terrible gaming, avoid the smell, avoid the vomit soaked carpets, avoid the terrible food.. . The only ONLY ONLYYYYYYYYYYYYYY good thing about this place.  The Steakhouse in the middle.  I wish it could be teleported to a hotel that didn't suck.  . . Even then, it gets one star.. . Hunter Thompson must have been totally blitzed to come and stay here for an hour or two.  I couldn't make it ten minutes each time I come.
I get it... you get what you pay for... but really?!  Would not reccomend this place!. Me and a few friends booked a room online (after looking at photos of the rooms, we were stoked to be getting the deal). I guess we didn't see the small print saying we would be staying in a trailer-type building in the back of the hotel. Talk about red-headed step children. To top it off, the room was disgusting. I'm not one to complain because -let's face it- you are there to sleep and shower. But a little cleanliness never hurt anyone.
This has to be the worst casino in Vegas. We wandered in here because it was somewhat close to our hotel and decided to play a few rounds of black jack. We quickly left. The clientele is awful- there were people hitting on 18s like they had never played black jack before. Additionally, the casino was extremely dirty. . . I will never be coming back here. There are too many well kept casinos in Vegas that I would rather hang out at.
worst hotel in vegas. . suck ass!!!
*(My Circus Circus Nightmares)* . Worst place to stay in Vegas! . They just don't care! . We made a reservation because my daughter had Cheer Nationals in Vegas and we thought this place maybe a kid friendly environment which it was geared toward kids with the Adventure dome and such. When we arrived first thing out of the car I noticed the awful stench of rotten trash in the over crowded parking structure and figured well that's Vegas baby. Oh no as we waited in line to check in I observed the walks of life this place attracted and the dirt caked on the carpet. In my mind I was thinking this is already not where I wanted to stay, but it was midnight and we needed to get some rest after a 4hr trip turned into 6 hrs. due to a fatal accident on the way in. As our turn came to check in we were greeted by a lady and she looked up our reservation as it was brought up we noticed the charges did not match what we booked. Hotel taxes and room rates were increased only a few dollars but that wasn't the point. The point was it was inaccurate! Well we were tired and just wanted to hit the sack so we paid and were going to deal with the issue at check out. The lady hands us our cards gets a map and write floor 5 and room 099 and directs us on the map how to find the room. So we proceed to follow the instructions. While trying to locate the room carrying bags of luggage and dragging two kids around for a 1/2 hr. we were unsuccessful locating such a room on the 5th floor of 099. Mad as hell as we walked back to the check in I slipped on a flight of stairs that had a plastic edge wearing flip flops and landed flat on my back. Writhing in pain for about 10 Min's. not one person even security walked over to me and asked if I was OK! And yes they saw! Finally making it to check out tired and in pain we asked to speak to the night manager. We explained out situation to him and asked what can he do for us. This guy was a young little punk with and attitude and should never of been put in a position as a manager. He did nothing but offer a extended check out time from 10 a.m. up to 1 p.m. OH YAY GEE thanks! So he resets our room cards and tells us floor 9 and the room number. After 10 Min's. we arrive finally. The room was a standard 2 queen beds and didn't appear all that bad comparable to a Motel 6. . Morning arrives and is my daughters big day. We hop in the shower and first thing we notice was black mildew all along tub/shower line wall OMG REALLY! I have pictures of this gross and unhealthful environment. In horror and getting out of the shower I grab a bath towel again notice a problem not so much for me but my other half. They only provided 4 bath towels, Zero hand towels and Zero wash cloths. Running down a maid service problem was fixed but the point was these things should of been taken care of before hand. The entire day we were at the competition and visiting around town. We ate dinner at The Garden Grill in the Hotel before we went back to our room. Another horrible experience in itself. We were seated in a booth that the backrest of was loose and coming apart with on the other side a larger man was seated and every time he sat back it popped the backrest approx. 6" into my other half's backside violently. So we decided to relocate and mention it to the waitress. After that we heard the words chingada being used as she conversed with another waitress about us. We did not arrive back to the room until midnight and just went to bed. The next morning we packed up and wanted to get out of there. I think with our experiences we were just done with this place and decided to get one last shower before check out. The hell continues as my lady steps out of the shower I hear Oh MY GOD EWWWWWEEEE! I was thinking holy crude what now!!! Yes ladies and gentlemen when you thought this couldn't get worse well it did! She almost stepped on a cockroach getting out of the shower!!! Unbelievable!!! I scooped it up in a cup and wrapped it in the plastic trash bag to take to the check out lady. We finished and went to check out. I calmly handed the lady the plastic bag with the cockroach in it and asked in a very loud voice "Would you be willing to pay for a room that had these in it" She responded by setting the bag in the trash by her desk and said no in a hushed voice. We proceeded to tell her about our problems in detail and show her our photos. We asked what are you willing to do for us? She replied the best we can do for you is credit 1/2 a days stay and all the hotel taxes. Again we were unhappy and were tempted to dispute charges. . We promised the kids we would take them to the Adventure Dome for some fun. This is how they get 1 Star! Now this part was geared for kids and have to admit I even had a bit of fun on the rides. We bought a unlimited day pass which was reasonably priced. And have to mention the had some very talented artist where you can get a cartoon, life like portrait hand drawn or a miniature clay face scul
I would give this hotel a minus one, or a minus five, if I could. Or a minus sixteen, as my son says. I went with my kids and my sister, and her kids, and we all had the worst experience ever. The "upgraded" room was moldy and disgustingly filthy (really, you wouldn't believe the pictures we took), plus it was right next to the A/C chimneys on the roof of the casino, so it was the loudest place to sleep in, even with the flimsy windows closed. But we needed to open them because the place raked like tobacco and cheap cigarettes, the walls, the carpets, the sheets, the pillows. My kids had nightmares. Yes, we had asked for non-smoking, but no, they said they didn't have any. The wing we were in was all smoking rooms, and it was all full of families with children. It should be a crime to put children (and even adults) in these rooms. The food in the restaurant was horrible. Not even the hot chocolate won the approval of my children. We ran off in the morning. We felt like we needed to be disinfected when we left. This is the WORST hotel I've ever stayed in! Don't come here!
this place was terrible!! i stayed in the manor buildings. It looked as if i was staying in the ghetto. the bathroom was smelly, wallpaper coming off, the door didn't appear to be secure, there was a nail in the mattress, blood on sheets, the sheets didn't smell fresh, neither did the ones the maid replaced it with. I will pay extra to stay at another hotel closer in on the strip. so at ALL COST AVOID THE MANORS!! it's not worth it! yelp needs to post pictures of the manors so you can see where you may end up.
Old memories bliss. Shocking let down with a frown. Dirty, smelly, germs. . . for what its worth, my kids still loved the games.  my 8 year old did ask me why the restroom smelled so bad...
Well, Vegas can be disappointing! some years back they started promoting it as a place to bring the kids, however they didn't say that after Labor Day the rules change and everything but the casino oh and the restaurants close early....what am I talking about?? Well here's my list: effective today!!?!! Adventuredome (which is why we come here)  is open 11am-6pm / the pool here closes at 7 pm and the circus that their known for last performance at 4 pm -- weekends are a little later, but I'm here today! So much for family fun!? If u come to circus circus you have a curfew no matter what your age. Minus all of the stars possible for that!!! You should see all the disappointed families and their children :(
Disgusting!
After booking my room 6 months in advance when we attempted to check in we were informed that our room level was totally booked and not avalible so they were going to "Upgrade" us into a suite.  Liking the sound of that we took the key and headed to the room.  Upon ariving we found the suite to not be so sweet.  The furniture had patches on it, with a fridge that  the door wasn't even attached, the bathroom toilet was leaking.  But the biggest problem, was the fact that they were trying to put 4 of us into a suite with a queen bed and they were bringing up a roll away.  had we not already paid for it I would have taken my business elsewhere from then on.  We were moved into another romm more suitedfor us and stayed in that room, but even this NON smoking room had burns on the bed, the carpet, and the bedding had multipul burns.  We attempted to have them change the sheets for us, but when we asked they told us it would be done the following day, but when in vegas you dont get back to your room until late, and when we did the comferter had been changed but the sheets had not.  We will not be staying here ever again..   The so called bar of this hotel Rock and Rita's shuts down at 10.  How can you be in vegas and have a bar that shuts down before you even get back to the hotel?  No thanks..   The only part of this hotel that we will be going back for is the pizzaria!  If we were locked in this hotel we would have eatten here everyday.
The only reason why I stayed at this place was because I booked last minute on a busy weekend and didn't feel like forking out an arm and a leg just to sleep. . . If you have the money and prefer the better experience, don't stay here. If it doesn't really matter to you and you won't be spending much time in the bedroom anyways then stay here for cheap. . . The rooms were okay, The fridge didn't work.. The windows were broken and the frame was coming off the "glass." But like I said, I didn't spend much time here anyways. . . It's quite far from the main strip. I walked one day and knew that I wasn't going to be walking again.
Ok seriously? So this place is out of control.  I will NEVER return.  I didn't care for Vegas as a whole but this establishment really did it in.  The service was absolutely horrible.  They need some serious Customer Service intervention.  At first sight I was mesmarized, as I am sure all Vegas Virgins are.  We got an impromtu tour across the entire Circus Circus ground because they can't seem to articulate their own maps, but I don't blame them neither could anyone else.  We ran into plenty of people in their Peasant Wing where the project housing/extra rooms are located.  When we finally got to our rooms, after our hour long hike (with 2 kids and  my mother, we were highly amused.  I felt like I had been thrust through a time warp to the 1980s.  WTH!  My husband and I laughed for about an hour at the decor.  I really don't think I had a decent meal the entire time.  I felt like I was vacationing at a mall/airport.  The mallport of America.  The amusement park was pretty fun. My kids had a good time there.  The rides were exciting.  I loved the 4D theater and the roller coaster.  The lines were not long either. That was about the only decent money we spent.  That place needs to be torn down and rebuilt completely...starting from bottom up..all the way up.
Worst place ever!!!. . I like their arcade but that"s about it.. . It was my first time staying here and the only reason I decided to stay here was because they were offering a nice discounts on the rooms. . . So after hanging out at the pool, my friends and I decide to go inside to play at some tables and the arcade. We were having fun and all, then I was walking around and security comes up to me and says that he has to escort/kick me out for wearing a bikini in the casino...umm really??? where the fuck is there a sign posted saying no bikinis???. . With that said...I will NOT stay at this hotel ever again.
Most horrible casino/hotel I have ever been to! . . We checked in late at Circus Circus and they gave us a room in the back buildings located in Manor4.  We were suppose to have a room in the main tower but we did not get that.  We proceed to our room and once we finally figured out where it was at we were in disbelief that this was even part of the casino.  I think this is the most ghetto casino in existence in Las Vegas!  As we walked to our hotel room I felt as if I was in the hood getting ready to experience a drive-by shooting!  We quickly walked to our room through the smoke-filled hallways.  Our rooms were disgusting!!!  There was even hair in the toilets and sinks that had not been properly cleaned after the last guests checked out.. . We didnt even want to touch the beds and decided that any other hotel in Vegas would be a better experience than what we experienced here at Circus Circus.  They seriously need to retire this building from the strip.. . We will NEVER be staying or going here again.
Worst hotel I have ever been to. I was sent to a manor building that was like a hooker hotel. PRices ARE OUTRAGOUS AND ROOMS ARE DISGUSTING CIRCUS CIRCUS NEEDS TO BE CONDEMED!!!!!!!!!
No pros. What has happened to MGM Properties?. Color-cordinated duct tape does not a carpet repair make. In the parking garage, stacked, unwrapped mattresses and box springs from the remodel and what is certain is these, after being stored in an open-air environment, are re-used in the hotel rooms. Same for the furnishings. What else am I to think but; "if they cut corners here, in this manner, where else?" Do they scrape left-overs off patron's plates in the restaurants to make new plates for the next person? And these are just the first impressions you get upon driving/walking-into the hotel.. . At check-in, you are immediately made to feel like you did something wrong or are a second-class citizen for ordering your room through LasVegas.com. And that assumption becomes stark reality upon entering your room. Dirt on the floor from previous tenants. A part of a clothing tag there, a red piece of lint there (I would look at that same lint on the bathroom floor every morning as I used the toilet meaning, it was never cleaned) a couple of pennies on the floor there. Things that a vacuum couldn't have missed which tells you that it hadn't been vacuumed. . . An austerity and conservation program that asks you to sleep on dirty bed linens. However, you have the opportunity to request from housekeeping that the linens get changed every day, which we did. This did not go unpunished.. . Only 2 towels for 2 people in the bath. No hand towels, no laundry bag, no stationery in the desk, no coffee-maker, no refrigerator and furniture that is stained so severely you are afraid to sit on it or worse, broken so you cannot utilize it.. . Hair in the bathtub drain and a faucet in the tub that doesn't shut-off properly. You only have one option, full-on, but that doesn't matter for a shower because the shower head is so compromised that only a bare minimum of water can make its way to you and even that, in misdirected and errant streams. It's hard to even rinse the soap from your body. But you wouldn't know it because the lighting is so poor in the shower because, well, because there is no light.  The light must filter in from over the vanity but it can't because of two opaque shower curtains. Both are on the same hangers and do not permit leaving the exterior curtain open while you attempt to shower.. . Aside from lacking common sense, this system, it seems, leaves the property owner open to severe liability should someone fall in the tub due to poor visibility.. . The room does include an alarm clock that goes off automatically, every day, at 5AM. With no instruction on how to turn it off.. The phone book is two years old, the TV is old, small and dirty. I have larger screens in my vehicles. It would have been funny but it wasn't.. . No working vent in the bath so the mirrors fog up and reveal the hap hazard streaks and wipe marks of the very poor cleaning that seems never to include the far end of the mirror.. . The curtains are tattered and the air-conditioner window unit is so poorly designed and placed that it blows open the drapes to create a flickering light should you decide to try and sleep in the daylight hours. The noise is absurd and the unit must cycle on every 5 minutes in an effort to maintain a 69 temp even on a mild 85 day.. . We requested more towels the first day and they were promised but never arrived. We again requested more towels the second day (at 8:30 AM) but were told that house keeping didn't arrive until 9AM so our showers would have to wait. At 9:30 we called back and were told "I just got in, I don't know, I will run your order through again." Whatever that means. Can I assume that just got in means 30 minutes ago and I don't know means the order was never received? No. Because the man on the phone seemed to know what the order was without me ever telling him. Clearly he had received the order. So we waited and waited and waited. We should be enjoying our holiday, out and about and spending money at the tables. That seems like a good business model to me. But no. We wait instead for towels that never come.. . When we finally complain loudly and long enough we get upgraded to another, in another tower and are offered no help in moving our things. So we pack and move ourselves (again, when we should be out enjoying our holiday) and when we get there our "upgrade" is, in many ways, worse than the previous room. No hangers. So we call housekeeping and request some and are promised they will be delivered right up to us. That's at noon. We call back at 2. No answer. Try to call the front desk. No answer. Call the operator and ask to speak with the manager. We get a supervisor instead. He promises hangers. At 4pm we call back, still no hangers. I told him our clothes, which we had to pack and move ourselves, are now wrinkled and we have a dinner date. He suggests I use the iron. May I suggest he be sent to class to learn what customer service is?. . I could go on & on but no room!
Good place for kids.  The food isn't the best.  Luckily I had a car to drive around.  The room wasweak.  There was no fridge or even coffee maker.  I was given a fridge after I told the desk that I had baby formula that needed to be refrigerated.  A working fridge came after two attempts.  The iron kept on leaking water when I was using it.  My view was of the Circus circus building, and a big light shining outside.  There was no free wi-fi.  After contacting support, I was told the first four floors of the main casino hotel do not have wi-fi. Make sure you find out where you're staying.  You get what you pay for.
We checked in at Circus circus around 6.30 pm. We had 3 rooms close to each other. One of the rooms was not serviced. Upon calling front desk, they said they could move me to the next tower, which I refused. Then they were going to give me another room and told me that some one will bring the keys right away. Here I am  after 55 minutes wait and 3 phone calls, still have not received the keys for the new room. I offered them to service the room in 2/3 hours and I would come back to sleep later but their answer was ' we cannot guarantee the service time" come. On, I am talking about 3 hours to make up a room that they have already screwed up.... . Did I mention that we had asked for all non- smoking room while booking but none of the rooms we received were non- smoking. Really nasty smell and my daughter has already started choking.... Horrible experience here. This is not our first visit to this hotel, but in the past, we have been more than satisfied.. Not coming back ever to this place .
DO NOT STAY AT THIS PLACE!!!!  Worst customer service in Las Vegas. NEVER stay in the north tower. The rooms are old and smell like smoke. The AC unit sounds like it was having a securer every 3 minutes and if you decide to stay around Halloween time beware of the traffic nightmare getting or out of the parking garage.  The staff will not tell you these things when you check in and they will not compensate you for your loss. Recommend you stay away from this property.  Slots are ultra tight and table games are hard to find.
umm, this place is very colorful. and it looks like it is a lot of fun. i stayed in a really nice room. but this place did not feel... safe i guess you could say. I was sitting down and eating with my family and 3 people got arrested like in 10 min increments one, for hitting his wife, one for stealing something and i don't remember the last one. i would not recommend this hotel to anyone.
Never AGAIN!  Adventure Dome alone was a sea of unbathed children. I love children, don't get me wrong, but there's something wrong about parents that are holding ridiculous size alcoholic slushies while "watching" their kids here.. . There's no rhyme or reason is this claustrophobic muggy place.  . . The parking garage is so tight and cramped.  The elevator is always full.  The inside is so far from where I wanted to be in Las Vegas.  We've pleased my niece to ride 2 rides and that was all we can handle.. . NEVER AGAIN at the dome.  Never again!
We came over to check out the adventuredome... Lol big laughs... Well it's off the strip, so it isn't as classy as everything else, the adventuredome is not bad, but rides are limited and somewhat costly IMO. There are some carnival games/arcade which I love so we played some... Other than that, we were bored and left back to the strip!
Remembered liking this place when I was younger.  Here I go, thinking about staying here as an adult.  I book a room, but was able to find something cheaper and convenient in location to our expo/trade show.  I noticed the Circus Circus charges had not yet posted to my account, and canceled my reservation a couple days later.  Low and behold...two days after I cancel it... the charge posts.  Since I used a debit card it makes it very inconvenient for them to take the funds out even though I already canceled.  Mind you, I had checked my bank account 10 mins prior to canceling and there were no charges yet.  I was even given a confirmation number of cancellation.  A lot of good that did me.  Ugh.  So inconvenient.  Make sure if you book here, you are really staying here.  They'll charge you no matter if you cancel.  I'm currently disputing the transaction with my bank.
Stayed over MLK weekend and hotel was full.   Glass under desk that was not cleaned after calling and telling cleaning crew.   Wi-Fi was down and tech brought me in to other rooms with other patrons personal belongings (and left me in one room while he knocked on other doors).. They gave me a 2 for 1 buffet ticket for the trouble... Whoopie!. One star since they were at peak capacity.
Reasonable rates isn't enough to tempt me to return!. . I can forgive the screaming kids in the hallways; par for the course of a family lodging. I can forgive the nearly endless lines for check-ins; par for the course of attracting a lot customers with reasonable rates. I can forgive the dumpy condition of the rooms and hallways; par for course of high-volume, high traffic, and high usage.. . What I CANNOT forgive, at any rate I would pay, is the SCREAMING PARENTS during the day and middle of the night (there is just no excuse for that), CANNOT forgive NON-SMOKING ROOMS that are super smoky-smelly, and the terrible parking.
Fact: Circus Circus was one of the key locations for Sean Connery's 007 film "Diamonds Are Forever.". . Fact: The hotel today is even tackier than it was in 1971.. . Fact: That creepy feeling you got when you saw Mr. Wint and Mr. Kidd in the film? Yeah. The hotel will give you that creepy feeling, too.. . . They charge a mandatory "resort fee," which is a bit of a misnomer. This isn't a resort. Imagine instead that the t-shirt vendors and samurai sword dealers of your local flea market teamed up with a carnival, started a permanent location, and decided to add 3x more flashing lights than Britney sees getting out of a limo. To add to the ambiance, they found a way to make the building smell like an orange melmac ashtray that hasn't been cleaned in 30 years.. . Cheap. Stinky. Dark. Slightly seedy. That's a pretty good description.. . We had a recently renovated room, within the past month, and it was not as tacky as the rest of the hotel. That will not last, though. There was pizza sauce on the wall from the previous tenants that stayed put during my entire week stay. On one of the days, room service did not even check on our room or see if we needed towels.. . The furniture in the room, though new, was a peculiar blend. There was a desk and a table, but the only chair was a cloth living room arm chair. I'm not sure how they anticipated someone to use the table or the desk comfortably.. . For those of you who have driven up I-95 through the Carolinas, this is the South of the Border of the Vegas Strip. Don't do it. It's cheap, but it's too cheap. Find a decent place off the Strip, or wait for a special rate at a decent hotel through a travel site.. . What do you think of the review?. Mr. Wint: Very moving. . Mr. Kidd: Heartwarming, Mr. Wint. . Mr. Wint: A glowing tribute, Mr. Kidd.
I stayed here one night when everything else on the strip was way out of my price range.  I tried to convince myself that it was just for one night, that part of Fear and Loathing took place here so at least I could have some sort of an ironic Hunter S. Thompson like experience here.  . . Ugh.  . . The casino was gross.  Vegas is flashy, for sure, but this was over stimulation at it's worst.  The hotel section was pretty bad too and the rooms decor was tacky.  I really didn't expect anything great and you definitely get what you pay for.  We went and watched the small circus show in the casino.  It was ok.  Wouldn't have gone to see it if we weren't staying there.  Kids were running around everywhere screaming at all hours of the night.  . . The one plus side to my experience here is that I won $2500 on a slotmachine.  So thank you Circus Circus for the cash.  . . Haven't been back since.
This place is a dump! . My boyfriend still won't forgive me for trying to save a few hundred dollars on our recent trip to Vegas. . . Strike 1 - we were placed in the "Manor" buildings which are bungalows located away from the hotel and you have to go from the outside to get there (and the taxi cabs don't travel there). It was cold. It was far. We had to carry all of our luggage.. Strike 2 - the halls of the bungalows smelled like medicine cabinet. Every time we had to enter the bungalow, you were hit with a horrible stench (a mix of old carpet stained with cigarette smoke and an old person's medicine cabinet). Awful.. Strike 3 - screaming kids EVERYWHERE. and screaming adults at 5 AM hollering for their alcohol refill. Maybe i'm just too old, but I was ready to kill someone.. . If that's not enough, the hotel is far from everything, the blankets had holes in them, there was no room service, the food at the hotel was mediocre and did i mention that you had to walk really far to get to the rooms?!! . . Never Again!
This place is a dump.  . . I hate to have to be negative but I feel like I should warn people.  Here is why.. . You will save money initially, but it costs $25 each way to get to the top of the strip at Mandalay Bay.  You figure 2 round trips a day and that's an extra $100/ per day to save a buck and stay at the most disgusting hotel in Vegas.  . . The air quality is so horrendous everyday our lungs were wheezing until we could get out into fresh air.. . Nothing is vacuumed and did I mention it smells like farts and cigarettes everywhere.. . There is nothing around this hotel/ casino except empty abandoned construction sites and homeless drug addict transients.. . None of us felt safe walking to our rooms alone.. . This place should be condemned it is a health code violation.. . I could barely see out my window it was sooooo dirty!. . There was a pubic hair on the glass table in our room.. . I had to pay 50 cents every time I wanted to lock the safe in my room.. . The buffet is gross and expensive.  If you want to eat anything that's descent off you go in a cab for $25 bucks to the top of the strip.. . Ending this review on a positive note all the staff were kind of nice, but when I told them that my impression of the hotel was that it was really dumpy and smelled like "parmesan cheese cigarette fart pie" they just stared at me and told me they were repainting it soon!??? . . SAVE YOUR HEALTH AND YOUR MONEY AND DON'T STAY HERE!!!!!
I really don't see the allure of this place.  The place is run down and teeming with children.   The rooms are horrendous.  Please don't stay in the manor if you can avoid it.  Just trust me on this.. . This end of the strip has really fallen off.  With Stardust and Sahara gone, Circus Circus and Riviera are truly the only things left.  The rest is just empty abandoned space.. . If you are looking for a cheap room that is technically on the strip, Circus Circus will suffice.  However, I would guess that the rooms are easily as cheap as the Riviera across the street.  . . You can also abandon your kids while you gamble at the adventuredome or the midway. I could see where that might be helpful.
My first 1 star review ever.... . So many problems with this place, where to start. The rooms are run down, the hotel is run down, it is a good long walk away from most of the strip, the type of people that stay there are obnoxious and so many other issues. Most of the problems I could live with because of the price. The problem I had was the type of people that low price attracts. I was told that it is a nice environment to stay in and it was a fun hotel, which may be true. I was shocked by how many people try to turn a trip to Vegas into a family vacation by staying here. I was appalled by the parents that walked around playing slots while smoking and holding an infant. Parents let their little children just run around the hotel unsupervised while they got plastered at the bar. . . I am all for going to Vegas to gamble and drink excessively. But please leave your kids home.
I cannot say that I will ever stay here again..the room was remodeled so it was decent but the help was rude, the food was bad, and the location sucked. The only good thing was the adventuredome for the kids but it was so crowded that you could not enjoy it. The place smells badly and there are rude people everywhere..this place should be imploded
I'm a Vegas regular and my plethora of high end hotels under my belt from the vdara mandarin oriental and the palazzo-Venetian may not allow me to properly judge a lower end hotel, but believe me the moment you walk into this sleezy cesspool of a hotel you will instantly recognize a condemned resort ( if you can call this stink that). The horribly laid out hotel is reminiscent of something out of a cheesy horror movie and the vile gag inducing stench from the buffet really epitomizes EVERYTHING wrong with this god awful excuse for a resort. There are cheaper safer more family friendly locations along the outside of the strip with more amenities friendlier staff and nicer room than this sad excuse of an mgm property. Stay away  not even a motel 6 could compare to this.
This place is terrible. It is over run with children.  I understand there's a circus theme but children (young, young, young--still in their strollers young) on the gambling floor (holding your smokes)? Really?  Low class.  I wouldn't stay there.  I don't know who would pay money to stay here.  There are plenty of places you can stay for a reasonable price that are not nearly as trashy.
For the rooms we stayed at the  West Tower for spring break and got a serious rash from the water or bed, the water had serious chlorine in it.  Just had a thin-ish blanket as the main blanket.   Bed was really comfy though besides that.  View was pretty good.. . The food was alright drinks were not worth the money stayed away from the buffet because of the line, but thank god we didn't go there from the other reviews.  Went the caesars palace for the buffet even though it was 30$/person it was worth it.  The 24 hour deli was horrible, my sister got a chicken salad from there and it was just a big leaf with a scoop of per made chicken salad you put on sandwiches.. . The whole place was filled with smoke, me and my sister got bloody snot from the second hand smoke, for a child's hotel went to all the others like the Mirage and Luxor and all those others it smelt way betterand didn't have and barely any smoke.. . The midway was just the same as the one in Reno but a little bigger and but had seats for the free act.   I am surprised that people actually bring their little ones to this hotel/Las Vegas in General.  This place was way understaffed, there was no room service and had water for $3.00 at the vending machine so, we just went to Walmart and got some big  jugs of water for $1.00.  The only pool was outside  by the RV camps, there was no indoor one. . . In summery its like the owner doesn't even care about their hotel/casino.. Please just stay away from this and go to another one.  Next time if we come back to LV we're just going to stay at the Mirage or one of the casinos that the monorail goes to.
visit the free kid shows in the casino...but DO NOT stay in this roach motel. Period.. . The bed sheets have all kind of unmentionable stains and holes. Very musty odor in the room. I am not surprised if they even have bed bugs. Stay AWAY as far as you can.. . If there is negative or 0 start then this hotel needs it badly.
Worst casino ever! but when you think of  "circus circus" you have to think  "families" and i have to say that dome area was pretty cool. the bartender wasn't allowed to give change so he got no tip, he was rude anyway. the "greeters" were so rude, we went up to one to ask where the dome was and he put his finger up and said "i'll be with you in a minute" and walked like 4 feet away to this man that just came out of the elevator (doors didnt even open yet) and said he pointed to something to the man and we just walked away because i had truly never had been so insulted ..if i didnt want to see the dome so bad i would have told him what i thought of a finger in my face..grrrrr.
Let me start off by saying that this hotel needs to be shut down!  I went there to meet up with friends that were staying there, and first off, there were kids everywhere! Too many for that matter.  And it smelled like rotten sewer throughout.  Very run down.  I will never stay or even visit this hotel again.  It's just a horrible place.
D.U.M.P.  I've found the hotel homeless people go to when given $10 on the street.  Ewe.... Thought we would try it out just fer shits n giggles.  Heard it had a fun playful circul amusement park mentality...  Disgusting in every way.  And the staff!  Gross!  I think living in a trailer and eating cigarettes for breakfast are a Pre requisite for job application.  How can EVERYTHING taste like cream of wheat and bacon grease?  I felt the need to stop in at a roadside gas station restroom to get the stank off.  That's satin somethin
I will never step foot into this forsaken hotel even if the zombie apocalypse hit Las Vegas. I'll take my chances out on the streets. . . The layout and design of this hotel closely resembles a labyrinth of disaster and confusion. The architect responsible for this needs to be tarred and feathered for his atrocious design. The hotel rooms are divided into three wings, all of which, apparently, have the same room numbers. It's impossible to know where you are going unless you are specifically told which wing you are in. This makes visiting a problem since the workers don't even know where the hell everything is. . . Upon my arrival, I spent over an hour being directed and redirected to every nook and crevice at Circus Circus before finally reaching my destination. I spoke with four different attendants and two security guards, all of whom led me around the hotel with bad directions and no semblance of a clue of their own location. One of the hotel wings also had FOUR out of six malfunctioning elevators, which turned the little lobby area into a makeshift russian roulette of terror straight out of a low budget horror film. One poor sap waiting almost thirty minutes to get on because the remaining two elevators only went down instead of up, and the elevator occupants were particularly asshole-ish that day. . . Hilariously, there was one guy riding around in a mechanized wheelchair with a very drunk and sloppy girl wrapped around him ricocheting between elevator doors. I very much wanted to put my fist into his face. Very much. . . So there you have it. A confusing layout, extremely asinine and incompetent staff, and trashy patrons. I'll take my chances with the zombies outside.
I usually like to give compliments to show a hard working person or company some love, but after my experience at this wild house, I had to confirm the negative reviews. After straightening out my messed up reservation, I proceeded to my room that I was told overlooked the pool, and after taking a look out the window, my "pool" view overlooked the parking garage. . The advertised flat screen was on old television, the hot water was down the first night, no fridge or coffee makers and water cost $3-5. Just go outside the hotel get your water for way cheaper. . Everything reeks of smoke; the hallways, the elevators, every corner of the casino! I got aa free and unwanted audio session of the couple next to me have a morning quicky at 8:45 a.m. (moans , groans, skin slapping, etc) and had to crank up ESPN loud in order to get rid of the noise. No shuttles, so if you aren't driving , prepare to spend or bring your running shoes.. The people selling stuff on your way to the room get annoying quick and you can tell this hotel only cares about bottom dollar. The employees at the deli and Rock & Ritas are pretty cool but overall the Place is a dump!. Stay away from this place!
never staying here ever!!  staff is rude, rooms are really old and they stink
One of the cheapest hotels on the strip... I can see why.. . Me, my boyfriend, and 2 brothers stayed in the Manor. We got to Vegas early and decided to book a different reservation. Our first room was not bad. But then we got into our second room... the cigarette smoke was STRONG! It smelled like someone just smoked in the room. I found 2 clean ashtrays in the room... even though the room is suppose to be nonsmoking. Every time we would come back to our room... it reeked. Now that I am home... some of my clothes still smell like the room. Ugh! Even the casinos smelled better.
I will literally be to the point as I'm using qwerty right now, no keyboard.. . 1.  Walls are thin. 2. I can hear my neighbor fart, have sex, and listen to their ENTIRE personal conversation without yelling. Disgusting. 3. TV next door are loud and magnified. You will not sleep. Trust me.. 4,  too too many children. 5, again, too too many children. 6.  Too "ghetto" and trashy place. Never again. I was afraid for my life! . 7.  All rooms are smoky smelly! . 8.  Staff socialize too much ignoring customers.. 9,  old CRT tv. 10.  Def ancient feel to this whole establishment. 11.  Trust me on this please, YOU WILL NOT sleep! . . Oh yeah. . 12. Parking is very weird!. 13. No fridge just a cooler box that never gets colder than 60F. What the heck?. 14. SLOW Internet that crawls! Seriously. 15. They charge $7 convenience fee a day for their SLOW dial up speed Internet, pool usage that's overcrowded (I never used it - full of children).. . . Checkout is a very slow process by the way ...... ONE person to check you out while the line piles up. Good luck if your flight scheduled early!
I had never been to Circus Circus before because everyone is all, "It's sad and terrible and far away."  However, FREE acrobatic acts?  Carouseling bars and slot machines?  A Midway?  I'm trying it out!. We got the monorail day pass and got off on the "Sahara" stop like the monorail tells you to.  WRONG DECISION.   It is a terrible, lonely, non-shaded, long walk to the Circus Circus.  PLUS, the stop at LVH turns out to be much closer (like, half the walk plus no scary uninhabited casino to walk through).  . So you'd think that since we saw the entrance of the casino as if seeing water for the first time in a vast, dry desert, we'd be happy with WHATEVER was there.  Nope!  It's really sad.  Like, really sad.  The midway is full of crying kids and closed games and several "Star Darts," which is a game where you try to hit post-it notes with stars on them, stapled to a bulletin board.  It's kind of like one of those really sad church harvest festivals.. The acrobatic act we saw was actually pretty cool.  The acrobats were quite talented.  However, it was not worth it to travel that far.. The Adventure Dome was crazy boring and crowded, and we didn't feel like paying theme park prices for a couple rides.. The whole casino was kind of gross allover, so we didn't feel like eating.. We ended up staying for a very short time.. Overall: it's sad and terrible and far away.
Beware of vaccuming going on in the room next door at 2 in the morning.  Then to top it off the desk manager, Evan Rose - asked us "what the problem with that was?"  Oh come on - it woke us up!  Why would you treat a guest like that?. . Loud, dirty, unfriendly staff.. . So sad because this kitschy hotel chain could really be something fun if they would get out of their own way.
I'm sorry, Circus Circus, but after 4 days of lodging, I think it's time for a divorce.. . LAYOUT: horrible. Who puts the hotel lobby in the back of the building when the main entrance is on the Strip? So basically, you must walk the entire length of the main floor to even get checked in (God forbid you have a lot of luggage). There are no direct elevators to the rooms, so have your walking shoes ready. If you're staying in Manor or Skyrise Tower, you have to get off at the Promenade level and then take another elevator to your room (and the wait is horrible). In general, give yourself 20 minutes early to get down to the lobby if you're meeting someone.. . AMBIANCE: this hotel appears severely outdated, sad and depressing. It hasn't been updated since disco was still in vogue. The main floor is a labyrinth of gambling tables and slots, in addition to various sleazy merchants selling sundries and other garbage that nobody wants or needs. The rooms in the Skyrise Tower have been updated, but I still saw peeling wallpaper and there were no coffee machines, fridges or microwaves. So basically, they make you uncomfortable if you want outside food. If you want cold drinks, get ice from the machine in the hallway, fill up the bucket and put your drink on that. Don't bring any food that's quickly perishable because you have nothing to keep it cold with or heat it up anyway!. . This is a great kid-friendly hotel, but I don't want to be around kids when I come to Vegas. The staff looks like they want to be anywhere BUT there, and I would, too, if I had to wear an outdated purple jacket as my uniform. Unless this hotel does some MAJOR renovating all over and changes the layout, I don't see them staying in business for the next 20 years. Cheap and basic are no longer good enough for Las Vegas hotels.
Stay somewhere else if you can. . . The problems with the room included,. 1. An ant plague in the bathroom around the sink,. 2. a previous occupant had ripped the door of the fridge and it looked like it had been that way for a long time,. 3. door keys that didn't work,. 4. a tap in the bathroom that you couldn't turn off and ran day and night,. 5. Homeless person begging food off our plates in the restaurant while we were eating. I have compassion for homeless people but I like to eat in peace.. 6. Water pouring from the roof in the corridor outside. They cut a hole in the roof to fix the leaking plumbing but left it unfinished for a week.. 7. Buffet had limited choice of cold, overcooked and unhealthy food.Hotel was full of unhealthy overweight people, walking heart attacks.. 8. No thought about their internal sign system. Impossible to find anything using the signs.. 9. Some rude, nasty and lazy staff.. 10. A 45 minute wait to check in.  We needed to do this three times due to Expedia being uncontactable. Expedia have not published my review like probably many others from ripped-off guests for this hotel.. 11. The hotel faces two huge bankrupted boarded up casinos, blighting the landscape, The Fontainbleu? project, a 2.5 billion dollar project now rusting and abandoned and the Sahara Casino. It looks like downtown Detroit rather than a holiday destination.. 12. Slow wi-fi that continually dropped out. Only works for email.. 13. Dangerous parking garage. Poor thought about pedestrian flow for a kid oriented hotel. Something that they should fix before there is a fatality. 14. Poor sounddampening in the rooms. You don't want your kid hearing what you can hear.. 15. The whole place needs a massive refurbishment. 16. Unhappy desperate staff.. . There were lots of problems with this hotel and I can't see them staying in business. The management need to be replaced. We left early but lost our payment for the room due to what appeared to be dishonest behavior by Expedia. We called them several times to cancel our booking within the required time frame but they didn't answer the phone. I guess cancellations must happen often with this hotel and they thought they could make some money from me.Consequently I wasted a lot of time waiting on the phone and a lot of money on a hotel room that was not used. Expedia are exposing themselves to a class action related to their methods of doing business. Expedia need to replace their CEO with someone who understands how to retain customers. Someone who is not a short-term quick buck thinker. My advice is never to book through Expedia.. . One of the front desk staff said to me that he receives daily ongoing complaints about Expedia and another said that he would like to see Expedia closed down so I am not alone.. . Expedia have lost my business and others from the 250,000 business people in a social network that I established and manage who just heard about my problems with Expedia.
OMG this please is not even worth it The room smelled like smoke so bad and just think we paid in advance for 5 day's and i was pissed then once we checked in they informed us we had to pay a another fee of $10 a day surcharge I was so done with this hotel and was ready to check out as soon as i saw the room Do Not go in the pool it was so dirty you could see it from the side walk   GOOD LUCK
Bedbugs, urinated carpet smell, shady looking people, and probably drug dealers and prostitutes. If this is what you like you've come to the right place. Enjoy!
Circus circus is an accurate description of the type of people you will see here. It might have been nice 20 years ago but its a dump compared to any other hotel on the strip. There is plenty of things for kids to do and the steakhouse is superb. But if your net worth is over $5000 I wouldn't stay here.
I am sitting in my Circus Circus room, afraid to sit on anything. I was eager to take a nap after a long flight and the bedding on both beds in my room is nasty, dirty and encrusted in food and I don't even want to think what else. I checked under the sheets, big mistake, more gross yellow stains. I am so grossed out.. . The hotel is overrun with a million kids, it's loud, completely overwhelming, outdated, designed by a guy who got his architecture degree from the back of a magazine and hucksters peddling things approached me twice on my way to the elevators. . . The rooms are bare-bones, no coffee maker, fridge or any amenities you'd find at even the cheapest Holiday Inn.. . I will never stay here again and might be leaving tonight. Disgusting.
Horrible! What a dump, wen there just for our kids and checked out thee next day! Was put into a dirty room with laundry bags, had to be moved and therefore cause us to miss the only real dinner for the night, the arcade is run down, none of the machines work and the ones that do u have to wait for attendants to pay u out
My husband and I took the kids to Circus Circus for a little getaway... I was very disappointed.  First of all the pool area is surrounded by the parking lot so while you're swimming you will see cars going by, buses, campers etc.  The cleanliness of the room, I would say was below average. The elevators are extremely small and it was an extremely busy weekend so the wait time was very long.  Circus Circus has the air conditioner off in the hallways and no ventilation in the elevators.  The carpet in the hotel  had an unpleasant smell.  I know this hotel has been around for ages but it's time for it to be demolished!!!  And being right next door to the Camp site and Travelodge made matters worst....all the undesirables were right there!  They couldn't give me a room for free to stay here again!!!!
If I were a half drunk college student on a severely limited budget I might consider roughing Vegas Circus Circus style.  However, I am not.  And since I don't have a mullet or a Nascar tattoo then I can see no reason to spend more than 10 minutes in this place.  . . There is a smellupon entering the hotel that is more like the smell of a Chicago bus terminal.  There is a decent flair style bar somewhere in the maze that is the casino floor.  Honestly, other than history that little bar might be the only redeeming factor here.
This place is Awful! In town this week for a basketball tourney. Somebody broke into the room from the a joining room & when they came back it smelled like somebody smoked a pack of cigarets! Thursday night while the boys slept somebody came into the room while they slept & stole my sons money! Coach called front desk & security & nothing was done. Same thing happened last year! Never stay here! Pay a little more money & stay somewhere else! They deserve no stars!
We did not stay here-- because, well, we had heard not to stay here. We went over because of the history and the fact that we wanted to have a drink at the famous Carousel Bar ala Fear and Loathing. Nope. It's a frickin' gelato stand. Everything there is nothing short of depressing. I mean really, really depressing. That said, I got a Circus Circus keychain as I figure this place will be demolished within a short time and I wanted to keep a little piece of history (as I think that it used to be cool before it was overrun with rednecks, small children running around by themselves, old people that look like they are going to have a heart attack in the next five minutes, and people who look like they want to kick your ass just for being in their personal space).
The hotel itself looked quite interesting from the outside, but didnt live up to our expectations at all. We had the misconception that all hotels on the strip had a certain standard to maintain and that any hotel on the strip would be better than the average best  western or American best value inn. Well, Circus circus proves that it doesnt.. Its quite hard to pinpoint exactly what it is but the lobby, the casino, the shopping area alljust felt real shabby and dirty. The bathroom was really disgusting with mole-dew? (or at least it looked liked it) along the floor line. We strongly considered checking out and go looking for another hotel, but instead we went out to the streets and spend the night at the strip.. I wouldnt recommend this hotel for anyone. OK, its cheaper than average on the strip, but come on! Spend a few more dollars and youll get a way better experience than living on circus circus. Im sorry to say it but we have nothing good whatsoever to say about circus circus.. . It literally stinks!. . Unique Quality: There is an indoor theme-park at the site.
From the Movie Forest Gump I conclude the following along with al the other crappy and negative feedback written about Circus Circus........ . "RUN FORREST RUN". . After trying to get someone on the phone that actually knew around the hotel and was polite was our first challenge.   I finally got someone who raved how ALL THE ROOMS HAD BEEN UPGRADED AND REFRESHING INCLUDING CARPET......WHAT A BIG FAT STINKING (like the room smelled) LIE  !!!!    Welcome to Malborough Country !!!  Nasty. . There is nothing more annoying than travelling many many hours and just wanting to check into a clean fresh roomand relax for a few......not happening here.   We checked in to a room that had an extra pull out bed right in front of the door with no access to the actual room.....So I moved it and we noticed crumbs, glitter, confetti underneath it....way to go Maid Service.  No big deal but the leaking cielings with moldy water stains, dirty bathroom mirrors....Hmmmm ok I guess...... BUT THE URINE STAINS ON THE TOILET SEAT WAS DIRTY, SMELLY and  DISGUSTING.    We were moved to a new room and floor (one I was told was not available at check in about 45 minutees prior)  which now all of a sudden was available.  This room was a bit better becaue there was no pee stains and less of a smoking smell.. . On a scale of 1 to 10, The rest of the trip was a   Minus  -3  in which I am not even going to write about beacuse the dont give a rats furry behind anyway.   Never Ever Again !!!  Yes its kids land because of the rides....My favorite one was while we were walking along the carnival like games....It was the asian ladies (several of them)  that were bored while working becaus there was no customers and they were sitting on the actual front of the midway games while they were texting away or working hard........which one is it?
After having wait 45 minutes to check in I finally made it to my room. It was like one of those old run down hotels out in the middle of nowhere! Ice maker was broke, bed was hard and very uncomfortable, buffet was HORRIBLE! I wouldn't stay here again if it was free!
Shady and smelly. Avoid.
This place is the worst! It's run down and just ghetto! It's supposedly kid friendly, but I would never bring my kids to this shit hole! This was our first trip to Vegas so we had no idea this place was so nasty otherwise we would have never stayed here. It's all the way at the end of the strip AND you have to walk 4 blocks off the strip down a dark, smelly alley to get to your room! Yes, the prices are cheap, but if we ever came back to Vegas, we would pay the extra $20 a night and stay somewhere half decent.
This hotel is slimy and toxic, literally. It stinks severely, especially of fresh and old cigarette smoke and mold , the beds are extremely uncomfortable, the worse I've ever slept on.. And watch out, they overcharged my credit card and left me no proof that I overpaid because I never signed anything. What you get from this ultra cheap hotel is exactly what you pay for... and then you get ripped off. Avoid staying here if you  can.
This was honestly one of the most disgusting places I have been inside. Old pillow cases were all over the floor, the pillow cases and sheets on the bed were stained, the bed spread is probably as old as the building. Our shower ran all night long the walls had brown stuff smeared all over, half of the power outlets did not work. The hallways smelled of rotten old building. I would absolutely NEVER stay here again. With all their money they need some upgrades I'm hoping I didn't catch anything while I was there. Gross!!!!!
Worst hotel in Vegas hands down, Toilet didn't work, nobody came to fix after promised.  If they try to stick u in the "manor" its a dump.  Very seedy area, high possibility u will get mugged.  Paper thin walls , here people screaming bloody murder at 4 am.  This hotel totally killed our Vegas trip.  Super Dump.
It's is absolutely depressing to go to this casino.  The entire establishment has a tired, desperate vibe.  The music is just a little too cheery, a little too loud.  The smoke filled floors (is the air filtration system as ancient as the rest of the casino equipmenthere?) are littered with shrill children running frantically about while their distracted parents are mindlessly playing their own games.. . I don't like children, and I don't think they mix well with gambling.  Certainly not here at this derelict circus.
Wow, is there a negative 12 star? Seriously, the only accurate word to describe this place = Ghetto!. My GF booked a room here for her hockey tournament, thinking cheaper is better. This place is a rats nest! Cigarette holes in all the bedding, a putrid vomit tinge in the hallways, and the bathroom? Wow. All the towels were stained, and the shower curtain looks like a Petrie dish mold experiment! A new coat of napalm might help the walls and ceiling in there! If she hadn't paid up front we'd be out of this crap hole. Forgot to mention the drunk, sloth of a woman screaming at her man friend at 4 in the morning. Good times!
I finally decided to cash in my comps here tonight and go to Fright Dome; the people at the casino desk informed me that despite being able to use my comps at Adventure Dome and having the cash value of tickets in comps, I couldn't get tickets for Fright Dome. They actually weren't sure at first and said they called to confirm with someone that I couldn't, but couldn't explain why. . . I'm pretty sure they were just blowing me off and the icing on the cake was when the guy said "don't let it ruin your night" in a way that i felt was condescending. Ruin my night? Buddy, I'm at Circus Circus; let's be realistic about expectations. I don't expect clean bathrooms, I don't expect well kept facilities, in fact, I don't expect anything other than to be treated with the relatively little respect entitled to someone that drops in on often enough occasions to even accumulate comps. Clearly my request for tickets to a haunted house in exchange for the comps I've earned was too bourgeois, so I paid cash for them that I might have gambled with afterwards and went home when I was done.. . Fright Dome itself was fun though; I don't blame them and felt like it was worth the price of admission (get the extra line pass; it's worth it!). If I'd have gotten my tickets or at least a reasonable explanation instead of a blowoff, Circus Circus would have earned my loyalty. My two cents; go to Fright Dome and gamble someplace else.
I wish i could rate this place with less than one star.  I just checked in today and already it is the most horrible stay in a hotel i have ever had and that is no joke.  Here's why:. . 1. Walking in, I didn't even know where to check in. Normally the desk is in front of you, but that was a ticket counter for something else. Turns out the checkin desk was to the left and there were no signs indicating this.. 2. The line was so long I was standing there for literally 20 minutes just to get up to the counter.. 3. The directions they gave me to my room were incorrect and I got so lost in this maze they call a hotel.. 4. Once I finally got to my room 4747 in the sky tower... it was in total disarray. Lamps on the ground, used towels strewn about, no bedding on the mattresses but on the floor instead, leftover food on the desk, oh yeah... and cocaine and razor blades on the night stand. I even had to search the room for the phone which was under the bed and off the hook.. 5. When I asked for a better room the lady practically scoffed at me and said there weren't any better rooms. I told her I had pictures of the room if she didn't believe me and she said "no need"... then miraculously a new room opened up.  Hmm.  Isn't that something?!  I should have called the police seriously.. . Totally skeeved out by this place and will NEVER ever come here or recommend it to anyone!
I have stayed at over ten hotels in Vegas, ranging from little motels and the Days Inn off the Strip to the fondly departed Stardust, Tropicana, Bally's, Luxor, MGM Grand, Mandalay Bay, and Aria. This was by far the worst. I was greeted by gruesome stained carpets and grungy, smudged wallpaper, plus a vicious chemical stench piped through the ventilation in the hallways. Filthy piles of laundry on the bed when I checked in, many light bulbs burnt out, safe didn't work, no CNN on the TV system, then the TV stopped working. I called for repairs or exchange every day for 3 days, every day they sent a technician out, and still the problems persisted. Was unable to do the express checkout. When I mentioned all of this to a supervisor at the front desk, I got "Oh." Zero customer service. "$150 in promotions" were useless. Ripoff, stroke job "resort fee" (resort? hah!) with tax was $10 a day, this was not apparent on the mobile app. Bad location at wrong end of the Strip in a seedy neighborhood with endless drugged out panhandlers. Long, long walk to the next hotel. Buffet was vomitrocious. Next time: Luxor!
This place is dirt cheap, and that's the joke. You get plenty of dirt, cheap. . Once you've checked in and they've got your money, you are on your own. No customer service whatsoever, the hotel never answers their phones, whether it's for the highly limited and lacking room service, or information requests. Circus Circus advertises free in-room wifi, but it was so slow it was barely functional.  . . Every public area looks and smells like a zoo constantly, and the rooms are shabby. Everything looks old and worn out and reeks of cigarette smoke. All carpeted surfaces have a good 3 decades of wear visible, and any non-carpeted surface is sticky from the goo of children. The elevators are constantly breaking down, and the casino is always happy to inconvenience its guests by closing off staircases and corridors (fire hazard?!) when the elevators go AWOL. God help you if you stay in their Skyrise tower, it will take you a minimum of 15 minutes to get from your room to the outside world every time as Circus Circus is a labyrinth.. . The food is expensive and mediocre at best, and poses a serious health risk at worst. Do not eat at the buffet unless you are on a bulimia-by-botulism diet. Rock & Rita's is alright, but considers ketchup with cayenne pepper mixed in "barbeque" sauce.. . On the plus side, it has a Krispy Kreme on the premises. . . . Stay here if you have no standards.
There's a reason this is one of the cheapest hotels on the strip. It's a dump. It's almost always been a dump. It's a dump now. It's probably always going to be a dump. And it's run by people who know it's a dump and treat it that way. Try to valet a car. The valet screams at you to pull up because he doesn't want to have to walk the 10 feet to your car. Try to eat at a restaurant (if you dare.) The food is cheap because it's poor quality and cold. The place is worn out. The service staff is worn out and if you think this is a great place you probably don't get out of your trailer park very often. I'll never go back. I tried it to be fair to see if it was a bad as everyone says it is. And it is.
This place is old, noisy, and run down. It is very kid friendly...but I can't imagine traveling all the way to Vegas with your family just to spend time at Circus Circus. Your kids will be happy, but you will want to die.
The hotel overall is mediocre but the worst part of it is that the cleaning ladies are THIEVES. Stupid me, I thought leaving my Swiss Army Knife that I personally bought in Switzerland on the counter was safe but no. Next thing I know, it suddenly dissapeared. Never coming back here again and don't know the next time I'm going to Switzerland.
i well never come back  in place at all its very dirty  no hot water we payed for 3days in  we ask if  they can gave as back the money we payed for its trou online  in in they was very roods in nasty  about its  im telling you the place its was suck  i never have that bad s here we stupid we do we payed  $200.00a day for 3 days  the bad thing about its we meet my family there in we payed for 3 rooms in we are not so happy wint we got are room so my family bed was very filthy bath room to no hot water i my family if they have something that we have in are room wel they have worse than we got  so to all you people if think going to the place dont  its suck
This hotelis dirty. It smells like they have been trying to cover up funk over the years and do it by spraying a whole can of cheap air freshener in the room. This gives you a headache once you enter into the hotel room. The floors are stained, so don't even think a bout walking barefoot. I was looking forward to my stay here since it has so much history, but never again will I stay here.. . False advertisement!
The place is filthy! Don't waste your money here. You will regret it!
When we arrived the hotel staff were unfriendly and uncaring about our needs. Our room was supposed to be a non-smoking room but obviously wasn't. The people in the room next to us kept trying to get into our room. They were banging on our door all night for the 3 nights we were there. When we called the front desk (several times) the person told us, "just tell the people to stop." They would not send a manager or security to our room. Our room was not in very good shape the view was the roof of another part of the hotel. The casino was old and depressing. When we were leaving we were told that they had a shuttle that would take us to the airport. We waited for over 30 minutes. We finally had to call a taxi. We will never stay here again.
Extremely dirty dirty dirty arcade.... . Enough said.... . I've never seen such filth inside a place as this.. Gum on controllers of machines, spilled food and drink all over machines, water and spills on floors causing people to trip..... . I couldn't get out of here fast enough.. . Yuck.
i have been to the circus circus numerous times to gamble and wander around, but have never stayed in the hotel......i made the mistake of booking a room here for mid-may.....never again.....check-in was a nightmare......it took almost an hour to check in and, even though i had reservations and confirm #, they could not find my reservation.......stayed in the "new" wing (casino tower)....a joke.....the one bright light was "The Steakhouse"....great food and service........unless you get the room for $39, don't bother!
They should rename it Circus Virus already.  We only stayed because it was chosen as the team hotel for a soccer tournament.   It's old. It's musty. It's grimy.  Our rate was decent, but after traveling hundreds of miles I'm willing to spend an extra $50 a night to avoid live mold.
Straight ass ghetto! A hookers paradise! Good place if you want to save money. Don't book cheap vacation here! You get what you pay for! Splurge for better tower.
Checked into a room that was still being cleaned. Had to wait 20 minutes outside room for completion of cleaning only to find hair all over the bathroom. Very poor service and  service recovery.
rcus Circus. What to say? About 20 years ago, I think this was one of the finest hotels throughout Las Vegas. It is nicely decorated, good casino, although it is far down on the Strip.. Today, it is not as nice. It is worn, smell Christmas in the corridors of a non-nice way. When we checked in we had to wait in line for almost 30 minutes, which is crazy. We paid for a continental breakfast. Breakfast?! What you may choose to include milk, coffee, juice or a bottle of water. Then a croissant, muffin or danish. Finally, an apple or a banana. The bananas are almost always the end, one is allergic to apples, there is no one to do. If you want a cup of tea instead of coffee will cost you $ 4. The queues for breakfast is miles long.. Not even the staff is especially nice. They stand behind the counter and just looks bored. You get no information about the hotel, about where the breakfast is, where the pool is located, or you can pay $ 9.95 to receive a coupon booklet with a lot of discounts.. Must commend the hotel room. It is great, sofa, fridge, big giant comfy bed and free Wi-Fi.. Despite the nice hotel room is not the hotel worth more than 1 star.
It's as if Jerry Springer decided to open a casino in Vegas and hired all his guests as employees.. . If you enjoy white trash AMURRICA by all means stay here. . . If you enjoy tons of screaming kids in a casino by all means gamble here.. . If you enjoy being up on the seedy part of The Strip by all means stay here.. . If you enjoy cheesy-bad circus acts and evil clowns by all means drop in here.. . If you like filth then by all means come here but make sure you have your shots.. . I walked around for a bit and quickly left feeling the need to shower with scalding hot water. . . This place even has a parking area specifically for RV's. Nuff said!
Not a good place to stay. Not convenient, hotel service is not good, ice machine was not working in our floor, rooms does not smell fresh and lobby is not accessible. Hotel employees are not professional. Not coming back ever.., sorry!
Don't go to vegas on a whim with your kids if you are a frugal person. I've been to Las Vegas many times before but never with my kids and never stayed at circus circus. This was the only hotel that had rooms available on a saturday night that was on the strip that seemed "family friendly" for under $250.00. I was told at the front desk that all the rooms were nice and I overheard someone else say that rooms had been remodeled. Must not have been mine. I stayed at the sky tower for about $130.00 and the room looked like it had been the same since late 80's early 90's. My sheets had holes in them, the decor was dreadful, and the whole way to the room looked dingy and old. Lesson learned, don't stay at this hotel, and don't bring the kids. They where underwhelmed by the adventure dome and wished I had just taken them to six flags or knotts.
Please don't stay at this Casino. This place smell so bad you won't able to stand it.. I don't care if the room is free it's still not worth it. The people that go there also smell just like that casino. Do yourself a favor and don't go there. The only things that is good about this place is the Valet parking I  would give them 5 stars for that.
This hotel has seen better days. While we didn't stay here, we dined and gambled here. I was very disappointed that their dealers are very rude, quiet, don't smile, and don't converse with you at all. Most of them are very old and many of them are of Asian decent. I enjoy dealers that at least put on some makeup and try to make themselves look nice. Most dealers are very aware of their hands and have their nails done. Not here. I know it's shallow but they were just horribly unattractive and I think it was mostly because none of them ever smiled. The first table I sat down at the dealer kept coughing all over the cards. They don't have electronic card shufflers which seemed odd. The next table we went to the dealer was just very rude and barely spoke English. When I was getting ready to leave the table she insisted that I color up and when my husband started separating my chips, she very rudely grabbed them from him. I think her name was Yong. The last table we sat at was with an elderly but American woman dealer and she honestly looked like she was ready to commit suicide. She never smiled, never really acknowledged anyone at the table. It was very depressing.
In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas.If a deal is too good to be true, especially in Vegas, you know why. The worst hotel experience in Vegas that I have done. Way on the other side of the strip, hotel rooms are like "no tell, motels." Annoying frat boys throughout the night with shitty costumer service was the pits. I went on the strip so often just to avoid hanging out in my room. This was in the scummy part of the strip which added to the experience in a negative way. It's one of those hotels which looks great in pictures...not so much in real life. There were hidden fees when booking compared to other hotels which angered me to no extent.
Stayed there a kid in the 70's and it was fun and bright and clean.  Got married there in the 80's and it was still bright, fun and clean.  Planned to stay there in 2005 but wound up at the Golden Nugget...thank God.... We had a lot of trouble finding the Chapel of the Fountain where we got married.  They had moved it upstairs and it is staffed with a nasty lady who was not amused we wanted to visit.   The casino was filthy, we ate at McDonalds there and it smelled like vomit.   We peaked at a room being cleaned and it was truly ugly.   Was so glad to get back to the Nugget where by the way check in was really quick.. It needs Hotel Impossible to come and rescue it.
I've always made fun of Circus Circus, generally because I imagined the inside of the casino to feature a bear on a bicycle riding around a slot machine. However, I actually stayed there a few months ago when Hurricane Sandy prevented me from returning to DC, and I needed a cheap place to sleep for a couple of nights (read: I had no money left after getting the "prison treatment" from the blackjack switch tables at Bellagio).. . Well, let me tell you, there is not a bear riding a bicycle under the "big top," but I would rather let a similar and much larger Kodiak bear maul me publicly than to spend another night at Circus Circus.. . Because it was near Halloween, the hotel was apparently running a haunted house just outside my room. So just imagine the joy it brought me to hear someone RUNNING A CHAINSAW every 30 seconds until 2:00AM. Hey, don't worry me trying to sleep, guys. Just make sure you send LEATHERFACE up to my room when he's done carving up the kids downstairs and/or meticulously pruning the shrubs outside.. . When I did venture outside of my room, I was confounded by a layout that was surely masterminded by a sadistic meerkat. Admittedly, I am not great with direction, but I also know that "Hey Jimmy, put something together with your Legos" would be a better design strategy than whatever was used as a blueprint for the building.. . After meandering around for much longer than necessary and finally finding a place to eat, I noticed that the Mexican food restaurant in which I was standing had a faucet leaking sludge just beneath the fountain drink machine. If Erin Brockovich had been in line with me, I'm sure she would have discovered that PG&E was knowingly leaking chromium into my chimichanga.. . The only upside to Circus Circus is that instead of a "late checkout," you can actually pay $5-10 and stay late into the afternoon, which I suppose is preferable only to being waterboarded or watching an episode of "Whitney.". . I was so miserable, I actually choose a red-eye flight to Charlotte followed by a seven hour drive in a rental car to DC instead of staying an extra night. It was expensive. I was exhausted. And spending a full day on the road while trying to navigate the remnants of Hurricane Sandy was not very safe.. . It was still better than Circus Circus.
Tried to save money by staying here, but it really isn't worth it.. . 1) Too far from everything and you'll have to bus it or get a taxi almost anywhere.. 2) It's filled with small children and families. 3) GRIMEY-You go to Bellagio and see Fendi and Prada, but you see fake diamond chains for $10 at Circus Circus. 4) Room service is at like 8am every morning!. 5) Walking through the casino to get to the elevators is torture. . I do have to say that the room was clean but that's about all I can give it. And the $7 shuttle tot he airport...
Well First Off we stayed in the Manor... and it was horrible all we could smell was marijuana. the room was sanitary but so old and dingy. the area is very questionable. this was my first time in vegas we had to Walk 3 miles to get to a decent part of the strip. I would have rather stayed off the strip then sleep in the conditions this room ruined part of our trip to Vegas
This place is a circus and a joke, i thought the Stardust was bad but this one goes right along with it. They both need to be torn down and maybe Donald Trump can buy the land and rebuild some new casinos that would actually generate good business and jobs for Las Vegas. This is in the best prime Las Vegas Strip location and why this hotel is still standing there is beyond me? The rooms are horrible, the food is terrible and i refuse to gamble there...
Oh man.. I just want to get some sanitizing wipes and wipe this place from top to bottom! Some parts of the upstair game area smells literally like rotting trash. . . I understand this place is great for kids with all the games and prizes they can win. But come on! Spend a little bit of money and clean up / face lift this place. It's truly depressing how run down this casino is. . . If I had kids, I would NOT bring them here...
No, no, no, no... my family stayed here for 1 week because my younger cousin did not want to stay at Caesar Palace with boring old people is what he claims. Worst decision ever we should have gone to Ceasar's and my aunt and uncle should have stayed there. When we got to our room, they told us it wasn't clean and we needed to wait 3 more hours, when they finally let us in I decided to take a shower and the shower head was not working! I found a cockroach inside the nightstand, and the worst part was me and my brother had a separate room, what a big mistake that was at 2:00 am these two men were banging on my door drunk saying they were going to kidnap me they didn't leave till 2:30 and I had called the concierge telling them what was happening the security never showed up! The main reason we stayed at circus circus was my cousin wanting to have fun and go in the adventure dome, he got bored after one day he said the rides were dirty and stupid he was (12) at the time. Oh word of advice, outside the Adventure Dome they sell these "MAGICAL" fuzzy worms that are like $40 don't buy them they come with a string and don't work they ripped my brother off. Never coming here again!
This place just sucks.. Avoid at all cost.. Do your self a great favor, dont come here, i told you so..
Ok, here goes.... . We stayed at Circus Circus with our kids on the way to Disneyland between Denver and Anaheim.  We considered driving straight through, and in hindsight should have.  Instead we stopped at Circus Circus.  Our room was dirty when we checked in.  there were used dirty rags in the room.  The walls are paper thin.  You can hear your neighbor even having regular conversations clear as day.  We also had to call security as our neighbors were smoking, and having a party... At least 20 different people in that room.  Nothing was done.   My son has asthma.. I guess I made the wrong choice stopping in Vegas but there really is no other town half way to stop. Management did not care or address any concerns.  I will NEVER stay here again or recommend this hotel to anyone.
Worst hotel I've ever stayed at. No refridgerator, no microwave, no help!! My wife, duaghter,and I went to Vegas to see our oldest child have her first baby. We stayed a week. During that week we experienced thier mediocore casino, atrocious buffet, and the most expensive bagel I've ever had. I can get over the prices because, hey, it's Vegas. But when my daughter wanted to stay and visit with us the day after she had her son we were charged $20 for a wheelchair!! That did it for us. We willl never go back and I recomend you stay clear of this place.
We're locals and have been to Midway way too many times.  But being good hosts, we return whenever friends or family visit Vegas.  . . We visited on Tuesday, June 25th and treated all the kids to play carnival games and watch some free circus acts in the crazy, chaotic atmosphere of Circus Circus Midway.. . We went early to avoid the crowds and our group was enjoying our visit.  Service was overall great.  My little niece lost one of her small "consolation" prizes virtually minutes after walking away from the booth, and after unsuccessfully searching for it, the lady just gave her another one.  That was very nice.  . . The kids played in the one where you hammer a launcher that flings a chicken into pots and the little kids really struggled with it.  The nice lady there gave them 2nd chances without us asking or the kids even complaining. That was very nice.. . Then we came across Ms. Hoan, who was working the Buoy Game.  There are a bunch of little bowls on water and you toss ping pong balls into them.  Most are clear but there are a few red and blue ones.  I believe the blue ones are for the big stuffed animals.. . So get this.... . Our 9-year old tosses about 10 balls without winning a prize until he finally lands one in the blue bowl.  We erupt with cheers.  . . Ms. Hoan is on the other side, however, and another family tosses a ball in the same blue bowl which shoots our ball out.  They erupt with cheers and the two families look at each other uncomfortably.  Ms. Hoan comes over and we both explain to her what happened.  Ms. Hoan looks at my 9-year old and says "Nope...I only see their ball in their.  You get nothing.'. . WOW!!!  The other family apologizes and looks horrified as they walk away with their huge giraffe.  My son, to his credit, shrugs it off and we move on to the next game.  . . As a few minutes pass, I become infuriated and I go to the Customer Service office.  A supervisor by the name of Brian apologizes and gives my son a big stuffed animal.. . Circus Circus - I recommend that you review video of this incident.  Ms. Hoan is a disgrace to your brand.  The incident occurred at approx 3pm on 6/25 at your Buoy game.
I love having to purchase my own extension cords when outlets don't work.. . The scenic view of exterior pipes is utterly breathtaking.. . I hate being treated well so I felt right at home.. . Thanks for not providing a small fridge, microwave, or coffee maker as I love paying over $3 for a medium coffee and not being able to save this place'sbelow average food.. . My favorite feature of CC is still being charged an entire week when we decided to head home to finally relax.. . Highly recommended to anyone who finds camping to be luxurious.
We came here to play the kiddy games. We had two of the largest prizes you could win, a couple mediums, and several small prizes. Knowing we can not take all of these on the airplane, we approached the office to ask if we could trade all but one of the prizes for a unicorn. After the 150.00 we dropped, the man said "No" citing that the Despicable Me unicorn is hard to get (20.00 at Toys R Us). Mind you, we were trading much larger prizes. Then, he tried to trade all of our prizes in for a medium size crappy unicorn. This place is run down and overpriced. Go somewhere else.
Nasty!!! First impressions parking....horrible! No spots, traffic tie ups, small spaces, narrow isles in the garage.  My advice if you have to stay here use valet. Its free just have to tip.. . Line for check in was long but moved pretty fast.  Staff was very nice and friendly. The lobby and hallways are hot. Feels like there's barely any air.. . Its an old hotel, really needs updating badly.  We're staying in the Skyrise Towers. Room 28713.. . Our rooms....disgusting! There's ripping wallpaper, stains on the walls, marks on the door, hair in the mighty small blow dryer. The room is old and outdated. No coffee maker, no fridge, no nothing. . . Beds are old, pillows are small only 2 on each bed. I haven't toured the rest of the hotel yet but at this time I just want to leave, its disgusting!  The shower was a trickle of water I couldn't even shower properly. Beware also the A/C is LOUD! Works great but I can't hear the TV over it.. . The restaurants and food aren't much better. No Starbucks in the hotel but there is a Krispy Kreme. Bought a milk for my daughters from there along with some donuts to bring back to the room. Donuts were great the milk was bad I just dumped it.. . We did go to the buffet. Awful! Don't waste the money I can get better food going to golden corral. The place was clean but not worth the price go elsewhere.. . Spend the extra money elsewhere to get something better I wish I did.  Circus Circus is so far away from everything else on the strip you'll have to drive or take a can to get to anything. The monorails don't even go out that far.. . Oh...don't expect your cell phones to have much signal either most areas even with Verizon I only had 1x if I was lucky.. . The only good thing about this place is adventure dome. Great for the kids lots of rides and games decent price. Mine had a blast. Is come back for the shows and adventure dome but would never stay here again.
The hotel room was dingy which made it appear dirty. I had no idea my room would NOT be in the actual hotel, but in their RV/Hotel Manor which was about a good 4min walk. I was by myself, and female and every time I walked back to my room, I was being hit on and talked to by unsavory men. I did NOT feel safe in this hotel at all! This is definitely not an upscale hotel where you will find many classy people. The staff was also rude, and their buffet was akin to high school cafeteria food. They were an hr late opening up their Italian, and mexican lunch bar. They seemed to have no accountability. This hotel was very dark and outdated, I felt like I stepped into 1972 when I walked in. I would NEVER stay at this hotel again!!!!!!!
Every year my family and I visit Las Vegas to get away and also to visit family. We wanted to do something fun while my parents were gambling to be entertained however it was an experience that makes us never want to go again! I know Vegas is more for the "mature" folks but I mean we want to enjoy ourselves too. . . **This review is mainly for the ARCADE AREA** Everyone working in the games area are roughly 16-20 years old, I understand this may be their first job okay whatever. Anyhow, the machines in the arcade are pretty old so some of them are bound to take a quarter here and there but not every other machine. Come on! I learned after the third time it happened to my sister. The game area is just unorganized. We tried finding someone to help us maybe point out the machines that were working properly but no I did not find anyone on site. . . I saw employees more worried about their social life with their coworkers. They were chatting away on the side. One girl was wearing these glasses with a large bow on the side of them looking very unprofessional. When I asked her for help with the ticket machine she just said "well it should've had a sign that says it didn't work" basically saying she couldn't do anything about what happened to my ticket receipt. Couldn't she just ask how many tickets the receipt was supposed to print? My siblings didn't have a lot of tickets only 107 but my little brother was so excited that it just really pissed me off. . . The gaming area did not look clean. There were bottles and cans along the games and I was just not impressed. I used to come here a lot when I was a kid but now my family and I won't be going back anytime soon. They need a better and more strict sort of management. It's just not the same. We are taking our money elsewhere. For example, the Orleans which is off the strip, is a better casino overall BY FAR! Movie theaters, arcades, bowling, a large buffet. Yea, sorry Circus Circus the only thing I will give you credit for are your pina coladas near the main entrance.  . . I forgot to mention the security guards are just rushing you when you are near the gambling area. I know they are supposed to keep clear but I was with both of my parents just waiting for my brother to get out of the bathroom. It's not like I'm going to run to the machine and start playing.
Kids everywhere, outdated. There were only 2 women checking in a massive line of people, and then the manager (not sure if that's his position) says that if we check in before 2pm we have to pay an additional $35- Istayed here to save some extra cash and was going to stay at a nicer hotel. Drove all the way from la for a convention show. NOT HAPPY. Do not stay here.. . Rooms smelled old and like weed. The ONLY PLUS was the sheets, they were nice.
I guess you get what you pay for.  I just needed a place to crash and wanted it to be cheap, and that's what I got.  My "non-smoking" room smelled like a two-pack a day shut in had lived there, there was trash under the bed (nothing scandalous, an empty water bottle and a potato chip bag), the safe had been closed by another guest and the ice machine didn't work.  None of these things is huge for me, but things add up.. . The check in experience was a zoo, with people everywhere, long lines and a strange amount of time to check in once I got to the front of the line.  The front desk clerk was very nice and seemed professional, but spent endless minutes inexplicably hitting the enter key, the arrow key, or clicking on something.  i thought I might unknowingly be in a comedy skit of some kind.. . I can't comment on the gaming experience or any other the other things Circus Circus has to offer, but after a 10 year absence from Las Vegas, this experience does not make me inclined to return, and if I do it will be to another hotel.. . The only positive aspect of my stay was a very low price and a resort fee that is lower and therefore a little less stupid than most other properties in Las Vegas.
Do. Not. Come here. . This has been one of the worst hotel experiences I've had in my life, and I've had some pretty bad experiences. I urge anyone planning to book a couple nights at Circus Circus to read the entirety of my review which, please note, all took place in one night. . . First of all, we were charged an extra $10 per night in a mandatory fee that covers "free" wifi, and...uh...I don't even remember the rest because it was so useless or scammy. When asking the concierge about the hidden fee, he spoke to me and my family in a completely condescending, patronizing tone of voice, like we were dumb people. It infuriated me. He insisted the fee is stated clearly (it's not, I have hawkeyes) and then said "I don't have time to argue with you" when I asked where on the site it was mentioned. . . Next, the elevators are all rickety and one of them was broken. Not to mention numbers and buttons were scratched clean off. What a ****show. . . (BUT. HERE IS THE MEAT OF MY REVIEW. PLEASE READ!). . To top things off, my room had a leak in the ceiling. I tried calling the front desk and got a voicemail the first time, request to "leave a message in the mailbox" the second time, and an unanswered call completely the last time. Then housekeeping insisted it was the air conditioning and sent me to a disconnected line. Last, the room maintenance guy (who I reached after four tries hitting some weird message/mailbox thing) told me he'd send maintenance crew to the room. Of course, the maintenance guy shows up an hour later, rubs the carpet (what?), holding a flashlight that is constantly flickering like a strobelight and just suggests I move to another room. He gave us a room on the 32nd floor with a lame excuse for a view of the strip and guess what? That concierge from earlier told us no room on that floor was available today. Ha. . . Then in the 32nd floor room, we opened the door to be greeted with a blast of cigarette odor. So we go downstairs and demand another room. We get a sorry from the supervisor, a few buffet coupons, and a new room with a draining problem in the bathroom. . . This "hotel," if it even deserves to be called that, is disgusting. Yes, it's cheap, but for a tiny bit more money, you can get a WORLD of a difference in quality. . . Save yourself. Stay away. Please.
Horrible!!!! We booked through Expedia and when I checked in they didn't have my reservations so they charged my card twice and said one would drop off. While walking to our room there was a girl unconscious and cops were trying to wake her, the hotel smelled like weed, and people were throwing their own parties in the parking lot... One word GHETTO!!!
Nasty, Smelly, Cheap and rude employees. . I would not recommend this place at all its Nasty Discus sting, . . To start with parking smells like Drunk piss, Pool ugly and rooms Discuss ting we found moll in our room and then got transferred to a so called better suit that had glass melted into carpet, and the kids circus???? Circus is a joke and the McDonald in the place nasty Dirty staff with attitude. It was the WORST WORST experience ever. . Saw a guy touching him self and staring at kids in pool area.  untili confronted him about it. keep your self and kids away from here. . Pay the extra Money stay elsewhere
You know how some people "take a break " from their kids . . Well this place is where people like to take their kids to Vegas with them so that mommy and daddy can gamble and the kiddos can go to the arcade. . My boyfriend has never been to Vegas and he wanted go check it out... . I almost wanted to shoot myself in the head. . The staff were rude. The hotel smelled. . The buffet was horrible! It's 30 bucks a person and it tastes like shit! . If you have kids you know that they would be begging you to go on the rides . The wrist bands are 30 bucks and the rides by themselves are $5-8 dollars. . Rock & Rita's was pretty good. That's one thing I did enjoy about circus circus. . So bottom line if you don't like kids and you are thinking about staying here. You may not like it. . But if you have kids and they are between the ages of 7-12 I think they'll enjoy it.
My mother insisted on staying at Circus Circus during our recent trip to Vegas, I believe she wanted this hotel over others, because she was enjoyed when we went there as a kid. oh how things change! . . It takes forever to check in. I have never seen such a line, plus just standing in the line for a second, I knew there was definitely some ghettos at the hotel. Then, after that whole ordeal, we walk to our room and the hallway stinks of sour milk! . . The whole hotel feels like it hasn't been cleaned in a LONG time. it's as if Circus Circus takes no pride in its image, and relies on its cheapness to get by....  . If you wanna be cheap in Vegas and you don't care about the room and just about price choose circus circus. if you want a nice experience or it's your first time to Vegas please choose a different hotel. It's totally worth the extra money btw!
This was absolutely the worst hotel experience in Las Vegas! The overall condition of the hotel is old and crapy, even for a hotel on budget. The hotel staffs were not helpful. The house keeping is absolutely a nightmare! We found a pair of old socks left by the previous customers on the day we checked in! The AC unit was as loud as a chainsaw. The bathtub tap never stops stripping, and was impossible to be completely shut off. It took literally more than a half an hour for the security to come to open doors, when both of our key cards were deactivated for no reason! If you want a nightmare experience in Las Vegas, the hotel would be a great option! . . Even if you are looking for a hotel on budget, do not consider this one. There are plenty on the ends of strip which is at or below the price level here.
Where do I start..... . So we book a room to Circus Circus from one of those discount websites.  It was a great deal, half price and close to everything we wanted to visit.. . We get to the hotel and once we find our way to guest registration we are greeted by someone who clearly was at the end very long shift and wasn't at all pleased with the idea of checking anyone else in.  She very unceremoniously informs us that the room we booked wasn't available and we will be placed in another room.  No apology, no compensation.  When we asked if there was another available room that we could perhaps pay to upgrade to she simply said "No".  I also found it a little unsettling that there was a resort fee on top of what we had already paid online.  It was nice to hear that this resort fee did come with access to their wifi.  . . I try to not let my experience at guest registration ruin my trip so I head to our room, which mind you is literally as far away from guest registration as you could get and still be considered Circus Circus.  Our room was in the very back of their property in what I'm guessing is one of the original buildings from when Circus Circus was built.  If the decor was any indicator it was some time in the 60s, probably the last time our room saw any real attention.  . . We settle into the room and I attempt to connect to the wifi I was told about at the front desk.  The one thing I'm thinking is probably the only thing I'll get of use out of this resort fee I paid.   To my surprise I find that there is no available wifi.  .  . None of this was all that terrible really, it was a cheap price and really how much time do you want to spend in your hotel when you're in Las Vegas?  The real problem came with the paper thin walls.  I could hear people in the adjoining rooms as if they were in my room with me.  Being Las Vegas no one sleeps, ever, so clearly I was a fool to think I should expect any sleep.  . . In the end it was all too much for me and my trip was cut short.  After driving for nearly 5 hours and getting almost no sleep I opted to drive home.
The experience was fairly decent, despite the LONG check-in line and no fridge in the room. The kicker however was the power-tripping security guard who would not let me communicate with my Mom or 88 y.o. Grandmother while I was holding my toddler since we were somewhere near a slot machine. Really, someone else can hold the baby?! Awful logic!
This place is crap.  I know it's only $70.00 a night but this place is a dump.  We picked a non smoker room.  And the room smells like cigarette smoke.  The bathroom was the worst.  Pubic hair everywhere and sink was dirty.  The bed sheets was so dirty I don't even want to know what kind of stain was on it.  The pillow case stinks also.  The a/c unit was blowing stinky air so we can't use it.  We have to open the window.  People was drinking in the hallways and the lobby.  This place is ghetto stay away I warned you.
Had to almost walk a mile just to get to our room which was in the Manor Motor Lodge.  HORRIBLE room considering we paid over $100 for the room.  I guess you don't get much for that.  Room was old and UGLY!!  AC wasn't working correctly and they came out right away to fix it and called to make sure it was done after which was kinda nice.  Hotel was GHETTO!  I would never stay here again!!!  Person that checked us in was pretty nice at least.
You get what you pay for.  I wish I had realized this before booking a room there through Orbitz.  We stayed in the most elegant section of the hotel called "The Manor", which was truly awful.  You exit the main building, walking across a street of traffic, through an unrestricted parking lot where anyone can access, to one of five standalone buildings where you have no access to any amenities (unless, of course, you trek back into the main building).     Our room smelled, and our curtains (being on the ground floor) didn't close all the way and left a crack through which someone could peek through walking by.   Needless to say we didn't stay there that night, and we high-tailed it out of there and booked elsewhere.   While trying to save money by being really cheap through Orbitz and staying at Circus Circus, I ended up spending double what I wanted to spend.   You get what you pay for.   It's my own fault for not understanding the room situation before I booked.  blech!
Why did I walk back into this place?  I knew it was going to be a disappointment before I went there....but my friends insisted on checking it out for old times sake.  Maybe I though it has improved since I moved away from Vegas a few years ago....or perhaps I was holding on to the past when I remembered this place as a fun joint...silly me.. . The place is smoky and the crowd here is rough.  I didn't feel safe walking to/from the parking lot.. . The slot machines were busy and we didn't want to pull out our money on the blackjack tables with the rough looking crowd for fear we'd get jacked in the parking lot.  We wanted to go to the Steakhouse for dinner, but we just couldn't stand being on the property, so we decided to leave and go somewhere else.  . . I'm not coming back anytime soon.. . Return Factor - 1%
Wow, I dont even know where to start on this review.. . Almost everything about the circus circus experience was horrible.. . From check-in to check-out.  . . Our room was so old and outdated, the tv must have only been 18 inches (non flat screen), and there was dust all over it!!!  The plug jacks were falling out of the walls, we had a non-smoking room that was obviously never really a non smoking room.  And I hate to sound crude, but the shower curtain had poop on it, like someone used it after they ran out of toilet paper (and no it wasn't us)The customer service at this hotel was the worst I have ever ever experienced in my life.  Rude, not helpful, mean ugh I could go on.  And it was every employee i encountered was this way....maybe thats how they train them??? . . There is NO ventilation in this hotel....Normally its expected but in such a kid friendly environment I would think it would be better.....the kids arcade was just of old stale smoke!!!  My son couldn't breath and ended up very sick !!! I, myself am a smoker and my lungs hurt from all the smoke and no ventilation. . . Room service got our order wrong, the Mexican restaurant got our order wrong.  The billions of sales people stalking you all over the whole hotel was out of control.. . I could go on and on for days about certain situations while here but i would never have enough time......I will never ever go back to this hotel again and if I were anyone thinking of going I would re think it.....especially if you have young kids or kids with asthma or respiratory issues.  . . Circus circus you should be ashamend
Do not I repeat do not stay here. There are so many better options in Vegas. This place was absolutely filthy and I didn't feel like a VIP that's for damn sure. I felt like we were standing in a social services line for government aid when checking in.The line was super slow. I would never stay here again unless they did a total renovation and gave me an offer I couldn't pass up.
This hotel deserves no stars! We planned to stay here during the pigskin youth football tournament for five days. This being my first time in Vegas I didn't know better. However upon entering the lobby I just knew I was in for disappointment.  . . After waiting about an hour to check in to my supposedly renovated room I got off the elevator and walked down the hallway past a sopping wet ceiling panel above a garbage can in the middle of the floor surrounded by caution tape. I was shocked to say the least but kept walking to my room anyway.. . The room smelled like urinal cakes and the sheets and drapes were stained. I couldn't bare to spend a night there and left immediately. . . The worst thing about this whole experience is that I came to find out that this hotel is owned by MGM resorts international which owns about 12 hotels on the strip including Aria and the Bellagio for crying out loud! People bring their kids to stay here and this is how they are treated. Whether you're a billionaire or just the average joe you ought to be treated with respect and dignity wherever you spend your money and Circus Circus does neither. MGM should be ashamed of this and I feel terrible for all the people who came with theirkids and had no other choice of accommodation.
I hate it I stays there for a night and found a ball of hair next to my bed .the bathroom smell n the shower wasn't clean.never will I stay there again .
This place is sketch central. Out room was located in what seemed like a trailer park across the street from the main resort. It was so incredibly sketchy that it even had two signs with red font on the door saying "Make sure the door is locked at all times". The whole place is just dirty and trashy. Add another $50 a night and stay at the Paris for a normal Vegas experience.
This place is gross. The pizzeria is gross, the barista and bagel place are also gross. It smells gross, it looks gross, everything seems to be coated in some sticky sweet bullshit left behind by families of long ago. I'm sure it hasn't had a carpet cleaning in decades. I didn't try any of the other eating spots because the coffee and cinnamon roll I had at Barista were literally the most disgusting things ever. I almost asked for my money back but I didn't even want to talk to them. And NO SOY or almond. Milk!!!! It's really not too much to ask. Get that shit. Figure out your gross hotel.
