Huge portions? How about delusions of grander; delusions that the food is unique and good for starters. This place is a con job from beginning to end. They serve the food in over sized plates and stack the meat on top of the French toast and people seem to think they are getting something worthwhile. Its beyond lame. My friend ordered a "sirloin" and when it arrived it was about 1/4 cup of meat and the rest cheese and undercooked potatoes. The pancakes were tough and the wait was insane. $46.00 for breakfast food, long waits and a broken bathroom. Sticking a twig of rosemary on the food does not make it gourmet, just goofy. Maybe if you have never had really good "farm" food, you will enjoy. Otherwise, do NOT believe the hype. Its bizzaro world in this place.
Really you can't seat an expectant mother who is starving until her party arrives. Even when I tell you they are 5mins away. To add insult to injury the manager agrees to seat me while loudly telling his staff they did the right thing.  Thank dbag way to make a customer feel welcome, maybe if you read some of your reviews you would find that most of us think your policy is inane. Top this stellar customer service with a par bake pancake and swill masquerading as coffee, I won't be back. So elites where to break fast?
Adam Richman you are an idiot for recommending this place.. . I went in with high hopes as I like places with big portions and creative food. We were seated right away on a Friday night, but then sat for the next 20 minutes watching servers walk by when someone finally noticed us. I could tell the server knew we had been waiting a while when she noticed that we didn't even have water. She asked if we wanted to just order as no one had bothered to see if we wanted drinks. I ordered a coke and the chicken and waffles. After another 10 minutes we finally got our drinks. Another 5 minutes later they brought us biscuits which were big and looked good, but ended up being dry and kind of tasteless. They did bring the equivalent of about 1 pat of butter and a tiny bit of honey (imagine a McDonald's honey "spread" container). It just wasn't enough for four adults. Then after another pretty decent wait (our server came and reassured us twice that our food was coming up), the food came. I have to say that everyone's entree looked awesome. After we took photos, something I have never done at a restaurant, we dug in...... . My first bite made me gag a little bit. Imagine as a kid experimenting with the food in the door of the refrigerator: maple syrup, soy sauce, garlic powder, green onion? No matter how you combine these things they are not going to mesh well on a waffle with bacon. Ok, I understand the spin on chicken and waffles, but when this is your signature dish and it tastes like shit-something is wrong. The waffles were inedible-thick and doughy. The bacon was limp. The chicken was cold and dry. I basically just picked at the deep fried green onions and spaghetti noodles and took the 1/4" thick breading off of the chicken and had some protein. . . The other diners in our party didn't like their dish either; the pork cutlets. The bastards at HH even charged them $2.50 for splitting a meal that could have fed eight people. Needless to say, we didn't take any leftovers home.. . One last warning for good measure: if you are sensitive to MSG, don't order the waffles. The soy sauce in the dish contains MSG. I get a huge headache when I have even little bit and this must have had lots. . . I was totally disappointed with the whole experience. I would like to go back and try breakfast, but it was so bad I just can't stomach it.
Here's something I've never understood... what's the point of HUGE portions.. if the FOOD TASTES BAD?? Before I went to this place I kept hearing the same thing over and over again. The portions are HUGE! Well, yes, they are. And if that is all you care about you will have a great time at the Hash House A Go Go, but if you're someone who actually likes to eat a meal that tastes good, I'd -a- GO- GO somewhere else. The place does look nice, and the staff are helpful. They made quite a bit of the fact that Man Vs. Food was there filming during their run across Vegas. They serve very unique dishes, which is something I usually respect, but I think about restaurants, and cooking in general, the way i think about comedy. Some people say they don't like comedians who curse, other say they do, I say, as long as you're funny.. it doesn't matter. Same thing with food. You can be unique with your recipes, you can be traditional... so LONG AS THE FOOD TASTES GOOD! I had the corned beef hash with eggs. The eggs were bland, under cooked, and horrible. The corned beef was shredded in long thick strips and seasoned with something that smelled like foot powder. The potatoes were the worst part of the breakfast. Hard, unseasoned, and cold. It looked, and tasted, like they boiled a potato in water, hit it with a hammer, and put it on your plate.. Not to judge harshly because of one dish, I went back a 2nd time as I always do before deciding on a place. This time I had the strawberry pancakes. Same story. They were the size of Texas, but they just weren't very good. Boiled cardboard. Sorry folks, this one is a NO GO! . . Regards, . CFC
WHO WANTS THE BUBBLE GUTS?. . I guess I do, cause that's what we got after having breakfast here today. . . I came here today for breakfast with the Yelp-izzles. Thanks Elnino F. for organizing this breakfast and for letting us take advantage of your gift certificate! The other major players at the table were Jieun L., Sun M., and Oliver M. There was only one lucky player who walked away without the Bubble Guts. . . I ordered a Farm Benedicts with the Sage Fried Chicken cause I wanted to do it Man v. Food style. There was not enough chicken to go with the amount of eggs, biscuit, and mashed potatoes on the plate. The biscuit was dry. The chicken and spinach was good. The slice of pineapple and orange was probably the best thing on the plate. I had a Fresh Lemonade Mimosa to drink. It was ok.. . I guess I will have to come back to give them another try since I also bought a gift certificate from Sunny Dining Deals. I wanted to give 2 stars cause the service was great, but 4 out of 5 got sick so I couldn't do it.
This is for the one at M RESORT ONLY!!!  I went with a friend to the new location at the M I had talked her ear off about the other 2 here.  So we had planned this for a bit.  I should have known when there was no line what so ever at that something must be up.  The space was nice with a great desert view.  The problem was the food...It was cold!  I ordered the corned beef hash and the corned beef tasted like it just came out of the refridgerator! I have been around long enough to know there is such a thing as danger zones in foods.  I lost my appitite so just took the food home and spoiled my friends dog.  Yeah, that good.  I have hope that with time they will be great like the other locations, but until then I will stick to the original or the one at IP.
This place is a joke, way too much hype. Went to see what all the fuss was about. First off the service was horrible. I saw the other tables with biscuits and when I asked the waiter where mine were at it took fifteen minutes for them to come. Biscuits were nasty and stale. I ordered the chicken and waffles and that to was nit that good. Chicken dry and tasted like it had no seasoning. Waffles had to be drenched in syrup. Wifes meal was bad and my daughters chicken breast was horrible. Again they must have just cook the chicken breast with no seasoning. The only thing that was actually really good was the bread pudding. I will never go back to this place even if it's free it was that bad. The portions are big but if it does not taste good what can you do with it.
After all the hype of this place on Food Network this place should be renamed Hash House-Aww-Hell-No!!! If you don't live in a major metropolitan city that has GOOD FOOD then you might find this place cool, hip and tasty...just like Denny's.....BUT IF YOU KNOW BETTER...you'll know that LARGE PORTIONS DON'T EQUAL GOOD FOOD!!!. . This place should be nominated for a "KILLYOSELF AWARD"
Got seated outside without a heater on a patio by ourselves. The service was incredibly slow and they still messed up my meal. Had to ask repeatedly for water, butter and a heater. They never brought a heater and we felt like we were afterthought and a bother rather than valued customers. Will definitely NOT be going back.
Well I expected a wait,  we seen tons of people leave and many empty tables but there we were.... waiting. There was a few people who got there 20mins after us and were seated the same time as we were... that kind of annoyed me especially since our "party" was 2 adults and 1 child compared to others who were 4 or more. At the beginning I was asked if my son who is 5 wanted a high chair or booster I said no he could sit in a normal seat... he's not a baby and is old enough and tall enough to sit in a regular chair. Well low and behold when our thing rang the host tells us she though I wanted a high chair and if I didn't there would be more of a wait. WTF?! After waiting 50mins (which was only supposed to be 30) you want me to wait longer because the host doesn't listen?. . We just went with the highchair which my son DOES NOT fit in... but do you think they offered a normal chair? NO. Ugh. So the server comes and takes our order and we see the bigger parties get seated 2mins after we were... now I'm like super irritated... but I'm still super nice and what not.. . I understand there is a wait for food, but ONCE AGAIN the parties who ordered AFTER we did got their food first... ours came 10 mins later. Wait, my friends got here then 10mins after that I got mine. Seriously? Who wants to sit there and eat after everyone on your table get their food?. . He ordered chicken and waffles and I ordered the pork tenderloin sandwich. His food looked good, and finally after my food came I was wayyyy too irritated to even try it. Instead I pulled out my phone and typed this long rant/review.. The chicken and waffles were ok, nothing orgasmic and the sandwich was horrible and tasteless. I had to add hella salt and cut the piece of pork into 4's. Some people like the "huge" portions, but I dont. Why are you going to give me a huge oily breaded piece of pork and a standard sized bun? What am I supposed to eat the rest of the sandwich with? Ugh.. . The waitress was wayy nicer to my guy friend than she was to me, even though I was the nice one. Beesh! . . This place is nothing great, the food is over priced and oily and isn't worth the freakin wait. I wouldve rather spent the 40$ some place else.
was Bad din't like it at all ,too much things mixed just odd. Manager was upset because I said I didn't enjoy it or did the other 4  with me lol was yucky
Service is crap, FOOD is okay, didn't see a manager, but was informed that was her screaming for food runners in the back. (gotta love when the screaming takes over the whole restaurant) all in all I heard tons of good stuff about this place, but what I saw was, the same ole same ole, they try to mask up the crappy service, long wait, with half-ass food. Chicken Benedict would be the ONLY reason I would ever go back, BUT it's not to hard to mimic an at home version, just use Tabasco Chipotle with a white cream sauce. Brilliant huh? That's all they use, or so the server proceeded to tell us.  I was NOT impressed and have found out they are opening another location inside Union Plaza....hmmm Imperial Palace, Union Plaza, Sounds like they are stepping down not up? What happened they opened in the M resort and that restaurant has tanked? I guess you get what you pay for....crap.. I won't go back, and I wouldn't refer it to a frenemy either.
Rancid potatoes, greasy eggs, surly service, uncooked dessert, bad, bad, bad. This place sucks! At noon we got rancid overcooked potatoes, water for one only at a table of four, surly stupid service-when we finally got the attention of a waitress, her first response was "what's the problem"? . . We were not alone in our distress, all around us sour faces and food sent back to the kitchen. Don't go here!
Hash house a go go is a terrible place. The prices are high and the food and the service sucks. It's awful and overrated. All the food is fattening and garbage!!!
it's all about the WOW factor when they bring you a huge plate of food.  quality was lacking, we thought we'd rather go to dennys next time.  the coffee was from the bottom of the barrel both time, nothing flavored available.  should i really have to get up and ask for a spoon, butter, creamer, splenda because our waiter andrew was terrible. and no toilet paper in the loo?  REALLY? once is enough.
Most vile, disgusting breakfast I've ever had. Shit House a Go-Go is a great big no no. I was so mad when I left at being ripped off by this nasty place. Cold, huge portions of very bad food.
ugh. came here forbreakfast a few days ago. seriously so overrated and unimpressive. it wasn't busy so we got seated right away. i will say the hostess was friendly though. a lot better than our waitress. after looking over our menu and getting some water we decided on some eggs, biscuits, fruit, and potatoes along with a bacon waffle. our waitress wasn't so helpful and was unsure of what a country scramble was. (how does a place that is suppose to be farmers food not know what a country scramble is?!) she also never came by to check back up on us or refill our waters which we downed pretty fast. about 20-25 minutes pass and we finally get our food complete with no refill on our waters. the food was basic and lacked a lot of flavor. the potatoes did not leave me or my boyfriend wanting more. the eggs had no taste to them. the best part of this plate was the biscuit and fruit, or should i say lack there of fruit. the bacon waffle was not that impressive either. i could have made better. in fact i think i have. i shouldn't complain about it though because it did have more flavor than the eggs and potatoes. yes, the food here may be pretty to look at, but they need to work on flavors and making my taste buds yearn for more. i hardly ate any. our waitress was awful. never checked on us and when i asked for a box she brought me back a wet box and plastic bag along with the wrong check. sorry lady, but you are not getting more than you should.. i had such better hopes for hash house after everything i have read on them, but i don't think i can come back to this bland food.
Let me start out by saying I still have not eaten here... . . The pictures however are making me rethink my stance.  A couple years ago I was so excited to go to this restaurant and even got something in the mail with pictures that I brought along with me.  It clearly stated the hours breakfast was served and as far as the ad was concerned we were on time.  However, when we sat down and I tried to order the picture, I was told they don't prepare eggs that way past a certain time of day.  That I could receive eggs prepared the way they said or not at all.  Due to my prior excitement over the picture, and as a customer being told there were eggs in the kitchen, but they would not use them the way they advertised, I was very deflated.  It ruined my appetite, we stood up without ordering or eating and have never been back since.  . . I am glad to see so many positive reviews, hopefully I will move past my grudge soon and finally try the food that aesthetically appealed to me before.
I took my sister and boyfriend here for brunch a week ago. We were super excited because of all the amazing reviews I read. The wait was 30 minutes, but we didn't mind at all because we were so sure that this place would be amazing. We were wrong. The service was terrible. The food was horrendous. I ordered the tractor driver with a pancake. My sister had the chicken and waffles. My bf had the tractor driver with french toast. I ordered my eggs scrambled with cheddar. I received cold eggs with shredded cheese sitting on top. The cheese wasnt even melted. It just sat right on top of the eggs.  I ate one bite of the pancake and was done with the entire meal. How can you screw up a pancake?My bf ate the bacon and two bites of his french toast. My sister ate half of her waffle. We spent $60 for two pieces of bacon, a bite of pancake, half a waffle and two bites of French toast. This was by far the worst experience I've had at any restaurant.  We should have gone to the Original Pancake House :-(
Well, I broke my own rule and tried this place again. I am so angry at myself for doing it. I could have gone to The Peppermill and really enjoyed the fantastic food and the whole Vegas feel of the place. But I didn't. I went here instead and got the same thing I got last time I was here. Pre-made warmed over tasteless mush. .          It shocks me that they tell me i can't substitute anything because it will compromise there dishes. Now, how the hell do you tell someone that and then refuse to allow eggs over easy after 11am? Completely ruins some of the dishes that need the yoke to make the taste and keep it moist. Scrambled eggs in the salmon Benedict turns it to dried out crap. Just floors me every time i think about it..          I ordered what used to be my favorite, the Andy's sage fried chicken eggs Benedict. This is a rather complicated dish to make and it took them less than 5 minutes to bring it to my table. Can you say pre-made? No way are they cooking this to order. The chicken is a full breast of chicken with Corn flakes and a few other things on the outside then deep fried. This takes much longer to fully cook than about 3 minutes. .          When I took the first bite it was just how I remembered it the last time I was there. Luke warm, mushy, rather tasteless crap. This place has literally dropped right off the scale as far as I'm concerned. It used to be absolutely fantastic and now I would rather microwave a frozen low cal dinner than to eat here. .            I was with my mother and she ordered the biscuits and gravy. What the hell happened here? This used to be excellent and now it actually tastes synthetic and rubbery. My mom only finished about half of it and could not stand anymore. This WILL be my last time eating at Hash House. The Peppermill is absolutely fantastic every single time and they don't skimp on anything. That is where you will find me at breakfast time from now on. Really to bad how they ruined such a good thing.
Absolutely. Terrible. . . It took 2 hours to get our food, our server was rude and non-communicative. Apparently the computer system was down and the kitchen was backed up - how that explains a surly server I'll never know. Also, how it explains a luke warm mimosa I don't know either. . . Bleh. Don't waste your time.
Arrive shortly after 2:30, no other folks trying to get in.  Door locked, when finally in the customer service was atrocious, which is unfortunate because I love the food, but too bad for my guest whohas never experienced it!!!  . . Be a little more friendly!!!!!  Your restaurant was still operating and the kitchen was still open!  What hardship would it had been to seat and serve a 2-top!   PATHETIC customer service... Oh but we were told we could go eat at one of the other two locations!  At the nasty dingy IP or 45min away at M!  How ridiculous!!!
A complete waste of time and money for me. . . If you just want heaps of food, go to Denny's and order two Grand Slams. You'll be better off. . . It shouldn't take 45 minutes to bring out a breakfast. The scrambled eggs should be edible. It shouldn't take an act of Congress to get a refill of a cup of coffee. Or some cream. Or some syrup. . . And the final straw was the argument with the waiter. I don't eat fruit. It's my quirk. My cross to bear. I get that. That's why I read the menu and order accordingly. So when I order the basic because it is the only thing that doesn't come with fruit, and then it comes out with pineapple on my bacon and biscuit. I'm not happy. The correct response from the waiter is not "read your menu" and "if you aren't allergic what's your problem.". . If I hadn't been with a group, we would have had a scene and I'd have walked out.
I was told this place was unique and the food was great. I found neither.. . huge portions, great .......but at the price, you might as well go to claim jumper for less. . chicken and waffles unique? go to a soul food restaurant, they serve 'em daily. . no substitutions or additions to plates? are you trying to make sure your maintain the culinary integrity of the restaurants double cheesburgers? shut the f%*k up and give me a side of mayo!
Horrible experience! I don't know if they have some kind work program going on or what. No real rules. Hostess told my party of 4 we can take any high top at the bar then another hostess came and told us we need to get up since they are going to seat the table with a party of 3 since that's the maximum allowed at that table. Also then told us all the high tops are reserved. Story kept changing then we left management sux!!!!!
WIll not be returning for dinner. Took my daughter and mother to Hash House for dinner the other night and nothing went right. I have eaten there for breakfast at the Imperial Palace location and had much better food and service. Service was extremely slow, and we hardly saw our server the entire night . The evening started out with them forgetting the margarita I ordered even though the waiter asked me what flavor I wanted. By the time he came back to the table for me to ask him about it dinner was half way over. The shrimp appetizer arrived with no plates to eat it with, and the cornmeal breading fell off before you could eat it. The steaks my mother and I ordered were very over cooked and dry. Not only that but the food was only lukewarm almost cold by the time it arrived. They offered us two free desserts for the well cooked steaks and even the desserts were not very good. I've had better desserts at a fast food restaurant. We were a party of eight and all of us went home with shall we say buyers remorse. Breakfast my be a different story, but we will not be returning for dinner ever again.
I went there at 8pm, they close at 9pm.  There was about 2-3 tables worth of people there.  Their staff didn't greet me when I walked in.  I waited in the seating area for 5 whole minutes without someone welcoming me into the restaurant.  I made sure they were aware I am there, but nobody made the effort to seat me.  My guess is that they don't like late comers.  I thought that was rude.  I ended up eating next door.
We went there because the Weekly magazine listed this place as a must go to place for breakfast. We ordered pancake, it comes with hash brown and eggs. Pancakes --- very dry, and hash brown --- cold. We both had VERY bad food. This was the second time we visited, as I thought maybe we had bad luck the first time. I don't get why this place is over rated by Las Vegans? Pancakes for one person was $12.95!!!!. We would do a lot better going to station casinos and pay $4.95 for a buffet breakfast with our local IDs. We would never visit that place again ! Worst breakfast EVER.
We went there because the Weekly magazine listed this place as a must go to place for breakfast. We ordered pancake, it comes with hash brown and eggs. Pancakes --- very dry, and hash brown --- cold. We both had VERY bad food. This was the second time we visited, as I thought maybe we had bad luck the first time. I don't get why this place is over rated by Las Vegans? Pancakes for one person was $12.95!!!!. We would do a lot better going to station casinos and pay $4.95 for a buffet breakfast with our local IDs. We would never visit that place again ! Worst breakfast EVER.
I was very disappointed and offended by our server on my visit to hash house. He not only seemed to know absolutely nothing about the menu, he served me a meal with garlic in it after I told him I was allergic!! He clearly had no regard for his job or for other people!! Unfortunately due to this experience I will not be going back
I just left hash house a go go and I will never go back.  I ordered the chicken and waffles.  The chicken had no flavor except for the maple syrup poured all over it.  Sweet sticky meat with beading that tasted like fried white flour.  The waffles had bacon inside, again dessert meat. I ordered a side of sausage gravy to try to salvage the chicken, I ate about a teaspoon, it was the consistency of thick pudding. Again thick flour taste with a bit of sausage mixed in.  So needless to say I wasn't crazy about the food.  However my real problem was the service.  Kelly was my waitress, and while not exactly rude, not very helpful when she realized I had a problem.  I told her I needed the gravy because I wasn't crazy about the syrupy chicken, she said " yeah, some people don't like the sweet meat, I guess you learned!". When I didn't eat much even after she brought the gravy she said, "is it making you sick?, I'll get it out of your way".  I didn't ask for a free meal, and I was not comfortable saying more because of her comments.But the thing is, that she offered no options to rectify the situation, she did not send a manager over to talk to us, and charged us for everything.  Really disappointing experience.
Eek! Methinks not! Took the family here for a birthday dinner for our son.  Service was mediocre and the food was terrible.  Food was lukewarm and lacked any flavor. Chicken seemed like it was cooked yesterday, or earlier. Our daughter even commented that she never thought someone could mess up a pancake!  The worst part though was that 4/5 of us were sick for days from this meal.  By the time we got home everyone was ill, and it unfortunately lingered.  Don't see how this place will be in business much longer.
I concede Hash House ONE star because my husband loves their bloody marias and they do a pretty good lime margarita. That's where the good portion of the evening ended for us.. . We have been to three of their LV locations. Each time we've gone to the M location, the service has been spot-on, our food has come out at the same time and of course, the food is ginormous and good.. . The Sahara location is the pits. We went on a Saturday night and they seemed to be understaffed so we waited about 30 minutes for a table in spite of the dining room being only about half full.. . We waited about 10 minutes for someone to take our drink order. As we were waiting, we glanced around at what some of the other diners were enjoying. When the waitress came back with our drinks, I asked her a couple of (I thought) fairly simple questions about the menu. My husband also wanted to know what the people next to us ordered because it looked and smelled delicious.. . The waitress walked over to the other table and asked them what it was. We were slightly more than a little embarrassed. The waitress didn't know the answers to the questions I asked, either.. . Negative five points for menu knowledge.. . Then, when our meals came out, my husband got his first. Being the gentleman he is, he waited for our son and me to get ours. And we waited. And we waited. After about 10 minutes, mine came out. We asked the server, very politely, if the kitchen knew anything about theproper firing of meals because we had never experienced this at another location. The server, while holding my plate in his hand the whole time, proceeds to argue with my husband and tell us that since the kitchen doesn't use any heat lamps, they brought out food whenever it was ready. . . Which is all fine except that just the week prior at the M location, I went to lunch with a group of 15 people and our meals all came out within a couple of minutes of each other.. . But back to the Sahara location. The server continues to argue with us and finally just stops talking. Standing there. Glaring at us. After a few seconds of this I looked at him and asked, "May I please have my dinner plate or are you going to continue to hold it hostage?" At which point, he thumped it down on the table in front of me.. . Did I mention that the restaurant manager walked by at least twice during this and didn't say a word? Did I also mention that our son STILL did not have his dinner?. . And at this point, both my husband's food and my food are cold. Then comes my son's hamburger. . . All told, three meals over the course of about 20 minutes. Without a word from our waitress, drink refills or the manager stopping by.. . I will concede that my husband's bloody marys are always good. My grilled cheese sandwich, though cold, was still tasty. And my son said his hamburger was okay but nothing special.. . We would much rather take the extra 30-40 minutes out of our lives and go to the one inside M, where they actually appreciate their customers and have common sense when it comes to firing food in the kitchen.
More like Hash House a No GO! Tried to eat here last week. Not a long wait to be seated but once we sat we were invisible. Our server took our drink order then brought our drinks, so far so good. He preceeded to walk by us and go to his tables next to us for 15min. Flagged down another server so we could at least pay for our OJ and leave so we could go some place that wanted or business. We've really been wanting to try this place. The menu looked good too. It's not like the guy was busy he was just a jerk who was too cool to be there I guess. What a waste of time that was!
Disappointing! With all the rave review we expected better, much better! Yes their portions are big but so are the prices. You can get better quality food at other brunch spots for cheaper. Here's a breakdown of our 1st visit:. Atmosphere is always crowded & loud! Very loud! They pump up the music so loud that the hostess had to yell at the top of her lungs for parties and if you're seated near her it's all you hear throughout your meal. It ridiculous! Turn the music down a little and people will be able to hear the host and have a nice conversation without yelling over the music!. Food, hubby ordered his usual corned beef hash and let me tell u, don't order it if you're a corned beef hash lover! With the name hash house you'd expect their hash to be awesome. But it was just pieces of shredded fresh corned beef on top of seasoned potatoes, topped w/ shredded cheese & green onions. It's not even "hashed" together! They serve it with a lame dry biscuit and a piece of watermelon & strawberry. I ordered their popular menu item, banana French toast. Now this dish was good and had 3 big thick slices topped with cooked banana. This is the only reason they get 1star. . So for both dishes & 2 drinks bill was $40 w/tip. Never coming hereagain, so not worth the $ or the crowd u have to deal with.
6/11/2012 . I just left hash house a go go and I will never go back. I ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken had no flavor except for the maple syrup poured all over it. Sweet sticky meat with beading that tasted like fried white flour. The waffles had bacon inside, again dessert meat. I ordered a side of sausage gravy to try to salvage the chicken, I ate about a teaspoon, it was the consistency of thick pudding. Again thick flour taste with a bit of sausage mixed in. So needless to say I wasn't crazy about the food. However my real problem was the service. Kelly was my waitress, and while not exactly rude, not very helpful when she realized I had a problem. I told her I needed the gravy because I wasn't crazy about the syrupy chicken, she said " yeah, some people don't like the sweet meat, I guess you learned!". When I didn't eat much even after she brought the gravy she said, "is it making you sick?, I'll get it out of your way". I didn't ask for a free meal, and I was not comfortable saying more because of her comments. But the thing is, that she offered no options to rectify the situation, she did not send a manager over to talk to us, and charged us for everything. Really disappointing experience.
No so fast yelpers.  I have lived in Las Vegas for many years and have passed this place several times.  I was excited to kind of try it for the review were great! We tried the location on Sahara, were excited to see the watermelon drinks, colorful, looked great and couldnt wait.  $$$ this place is expense for what you get and not very tasty either.  I was excited about chicken and waffles they looked so good. My husband ordered the hamburger, and it was horrible.  So, So disappointed!  Oh yeah and the waiter we had was horrible, drinks were empty never offer a refill, and the food took over an hour to prepare.....  When I advised the manager of the issues, she comped our iced tea... The bill for 2 was over 43.00!  For lunch that is a little much.
I'm amazed that this place gets the reviews it gets.  I'm suspect of any place who's claim to fame is giving you more food than you can possibly eat.  This place is a grosser version of Claim Jumper.  I fell victim to the hype of the chicken and waffles.  Yes, it was huge. And yes, it had a tree branch sticking out of the top of it. But the most memorable thing about it was the taste.  The chicken tasted like dirty old grease.  When a customer takes a bite or two of a dish and then leaves the rest to be thrown away, shouldn't that send up a red flag that there is something wrong?  Me thinks there is tons of food being thrown in the garbage at this place which makes me dislike it all the more.
Skip it!!  I have come twice, the first time was bad but I assumed it was an off day... Today was worse!! The food was horrible!! It took 20 minutes just to get our drinks by the server had no idea which beers were in stock. My salad had black avocado and the server thought that was normal. I won't be back.
Honestly this place is overhyped. I got Andy's sage fried chicken with mashed potatoes,eggs,biscuit, and bacon. My food had no flavor whatsoever. I don't like my food too salty but this was just too bland. The only thing I probably finished was the bacon and biscuit lol. The wait service is excellent the food is just not up my alley.
Food portions are huge and tasteless. I've been twice and felt the same both times. And they really really love SAGE for some reason!!!!! Also not cheap to boot. A $40.00 breakfast    For two? Not including tip?! . If you serve lots and lots of glop, it's still just glop. . Go elsewhere and save your wallet and your waistline.
big platters of tasteless food.
Im sorry this place is not much to rave about. I understand they take a little longer to make fresh quality food, but in all honesty 3 out of the 4 times I've been there (somebody else always treated!) the food didn't even taste good! The only thing to rave about is how ridiculously massive their portions are! The 1 out of 4 times I actually liked my food was a pancake dish.... But pancakes taste good even at McDonald's. The fancy drinks are splendid.. But I can find that at any other restaurant. Go eat somewhere else.
This place is over rated. Food is expensive and waffle is cold. I went twice and both times I was disappointed. I am not sure what the hype is about.
Most over rated restaurant I've been to.
Just had the worst--WORST--excuse for a Grilled Salmon Salad of my life here. Described in the menu as consisting of "mixed greens", the dish that was presented consisted of lettuce--ONLY lettuce, so I guess "mixed greens" means color variation: light green lettuce, medium green lettuce, etc. The salmon was burned to charcoal on the bottom, and the rest was tough, dry and hard to swallow. My server was nice and the lemonade was good, but that's the extent of positive feedback I can offer for this place. Fail.
TOO MUCH HYPE... So many people pumped this place up. Even from Cali(which is where i moved here from). I tried their signature item. The sage chicken and waffles. UMMMM, no!!! The waffle was bulky, soggy, with no flavor & the chicken was lukewarm & overly sweet. (A) for Presentation, (D) for flavor.
Way too expensive for the less than mediocre food and service.. A large orange juice is more than $5 and it wasn't even fresh squeezed. OJ was even watered-down. Big rip-off if you ask me.
I was really craving breakfast food so my husband brought me here. . . When we arrived, we were sat in the back of the restaurant next to the exit. . . Every other table had cloth napkins and for whatever reason, ours were paper. . . Our waitress kept forgetting our order. . . She completely forgot to put in the order for my sons pancake. . . She dropped a used fork on the ground and got food on my Michael Kors bag and left the fork sitting on the floor. . . We asked for another plate and she brought us a clearly used plate.. . Needless to say, we absolutely will not be returning.
I went back  to the hash house a no no I mean a go go.... And it was some how better the last time when I gave it two stars. I don't know why most people love it. But for me the food taste like paper. It just has no flavor. And how many times can u rush someone and say we going to close in ten mins. LMAO will I be back to the go go...ugh heck no no.
Not a fan.  Have eaten a couple of times at the Sahara/Rainbow location.  Huge portions, but the food isn't great.  Service has been meh every time I've gone.  I do appreciate a restaurant with a drink menu at breakfast, but it doesn't overcome the negatives.  And giant sprigs of rosemary don't make the food haute...it's just an inedible stick on the plate.
Food probably gets 2 1/2 stars. The waffles and chicken was pretty good.  But nothing spectacular. . . Mostly upset about being seated in the worst table in the restaurant even thought it was about 90% empty when we walked in. When we asked for a booth they said sorry that's for party of 5 or more. This was obviously a lie as they went ahead and seated two groups later with 4 people. And they were all white. Very disappointing.  What's even worse, we all had stomach "problems" afterwards. All in all a horrible experience.
I will never return to this place again. Horrible, cold and disgusting food. Service was horrible and was a waste of $80! Never again.
Website shows restaurant is open until 10pm ... Yelp shows its open until 930pm. Went to restaurant at 9:10pm doors were closed/locked ! Get your restaurant hours on various websites straight.
Too Much Food!!! If you go to HHAGG, get a plate and split it.
Went there, waited 20 minutes for a seat next to an obnoxiously loud group, right next to the kitchen where I was in the path of all of the employees and on top of all that, a very loud radio speaker above my head. I asked for another table and the waiter, or host or whatever his job title is, told me if I wanted to relax and enjoy my meal than I was in the wrong place...I agree. Needless to say my wife and I walked out and never tried their food.
Very bad management!!!  They spill my drink all over my crotch and can't comp my meal.  And they still charged me for the drink on my pants.  ASSHOLES!!
This is the most overhyped place I've ever tried. I had their roasted chicken hash and it was the most bland tasting thing I've ever had in my life. In fact, it was even served to me lukewarm. To top it off, the waitress and management did NOTHING to rectify the situation when I complained. Bad food, bad customer service. Save your money for one of the many better food options out here.
NOT WORTH THE EXPENSE!. . Tamara C was our waitress, she took a very long time to get to our table to take our order. We had 2 other waitresses help us and ask If we needed anything before she ever got there.. . I ordered the 2 egg basic breakfast with turkey sausage which end really chicken sausage but the waitress didn't even tell me that. I asked for it to be well done, well...... the sausage came out not well done and the eggs were very wet still and were not fully cooked. When the waitress came back to the table I asked if she could please take it back and have it cooked well done. Her answer was well I told them to make it well done and then she rolled her eyes and took off to get some plates to transfer my undercooked, underwhelming food back. She should have never rolled her eyes, this was extremely unprofessional and she should have just said no problem let me have that fixed for you.. . When I was a waitress we never made it the customers fault although sometimes it could have been. We never put blame on our cooks or anything of the sort. We just pleasantly said let me have that corrected for you!. . So the moral of the Story is she gas overwhelmed by how many tables she had which was very obvious, and she should choose a new line of work since she is not cut out for that one.. . I will never be back and that was not worth $40 without the tip. Oh and did I mention after all that crappy service my boyfriend decided she should still get a tip even though I complained about giving her one.. . Good Luck!. . Oh I called the manager to let him know what had happened with the waitress. He thanked me and said he would address it with her.
It was amusing the first time, the second and third time just doesn't make sense. Food doesn't taste good, everything is either super gigantic big or piled on a mountain of mashed potatoes that most people don't even touch. I think it's cement to hold up the over fried oil glistening meat thing they call sage chicken or pork tenderlion. Flapjacks, tasteless unless you drown it in syrup of course, corn beef hash, dry as the Atacama Desert, really any of the "hash house" are inedible. Let's just highlight the best thing there..Bloody Mary. That's it. Needless to say I drank my food that day at Hash House a Go Go.
Saw the reviews for this place and couldn't wait to go and check out the rave of the famous dishes here, but it didn't pan out that way!!! When we got there it was 45 minutes to closing, so they act as if they are in a super rush to leave out and close areas of the restaurant. They wouldn't sit us in a booth, which many were empty and clean.
I am extremely disappointed.  HHAGG use to be my favorite restaurant.  After last night I will never go back!  Not only was the service terrible, but the food was not up to par either.  . . The waitress messed up our order by putting in the wrong plate, this after she told my daughter what she ordered was one of her favorites!  Took us about 30 minutes to get the appetizer.  When I saw food going to another party that came in after us(about 15 minutes later), with more people, I asked our waitress why they were getting food before us.  She argued with me that there was no food on or going to that table.  Three times I told her I saw it with my own eyes.  Finally she came back and said it was because we ordered an appetizer.  It was another 10 minutes before our food started coming out.  Once the error was recognized on my daughters plate, it was another 8 or so minutes before hers came out.  . . We got there at 7:30 but did not walk out the door until 8:50 pm.  We have had problems in the past with the service and still we returned, but this one takes the cake.  Worst part is that they weren't very busy so you can not use that as an excuse. . . After 7 years of loyalty I will take my business else where!
I don't like to due damage to anyone's business but I would not recommend dining at Hash House A Go Go. The food was not good and does not live up to it's reputation. I could have eaten at Denny's or Ihop and gotten the same on even better food. My daughter ordered a steak mid-rare and it came really over cooked no pink at all she didn't even eat any of her food. In all I would say 70% of are meal went uneaten.  I have heard good things about this place butgo to Denny's instead you will get better food.
We decided to eat at Hash House a Go Go because of having seen the restaurant on Man vs. Food. Quite a disappointment! The food was flavorless. The servings were extremely huge; however, I would have rather my food tasted better as opposed to having a huge portion. The service was a bit slow. I would never come back or recommend this place to anyone.
Too much food and it's not very flavorful.  I kept hearing how great the chicken & waffles were... meh. . Fancy plating and giant portions do not make up for the lack of depth in flavor.  I know this place has many fans who will rebuke this review, however, I hate it when I pay good money and receive poor service, so-so food and walk away feeling like I can cook it better at home!  . . I have been there a couple of times and still don't get what all the fuss is about.
My wife's plate was set down on the table behind us and then brought to us when the waitress realized her mistake.  This isn't okay for many obvious reasons.  . . THEN, my pancake was brought out and in my little metal cup there appeared to be some delicious syrup, I poured it, took a bite and hello BBQ SAUCE.  . . I think that's enough said.  Our waitress was nice, but when I overpay to the extent of hash house prices I at least expect the kitchen to realize they're serving pancakes not chicken nuggets. . . Never again.
