My girlfriend has been asking to go here, so we decided to go before going to a show on 1/8/11.  It was a chilly night so the inside was busy, but the outside was pretty open, so we decided to ask for outside seating (there were heaters to make it doable).  We were seated pretty quickly which was nice, but that was the only nice thing.  After being seated, a server never even came to our table to ask if we wanted drinks.  We sat there for 30 minutes waiting without even getting acknowledged by the two waiters working the area even when we tried to get their attention.  3 groups were seated after us and received service.  I could understand if it was busy and they didn't have enough staff to cover the outside, but from the looks of it, the 2 servers outside were just plain pissed off about something and it wasn't that busy.  30 minutes is an inexcusable amount of time to wait to even have a server take a drink order.. . It's too bad because the food sounded good.
I was excited to try this place out but I was sadly disappointed. The menu wasn't anything too exciting. The pizza was served bland. SMALL PORTIONS! not good for the price! Their famous frozen hot choco was OK. Honestly it wasn't anything too special either. My moms made that before just without the whip. The service is friendly though which made it a star! I wouldnt come back at all! sorry
Serendipity was on our list of MUST DOs in Vegas this trip & when they told us. 30 minute wait we figured it would be worth it...  Once at the table we weren't greeted for over 20 mins & only with a "will be with u in a minute" 15 mind later we still hadn't even ordered drinks.. We asked a hostess two times for our waitress & she was rude and never got her or asked if she could help us.. Then the manager came out to deal with another table & we had to get up & go to HER to voice out complaint... we told her we wanted our food put in all together including dessert & wanted our checks done within the hour as we had a show to be at...... Another 10mins before water finally came out!  the food was. Amazing however they had the nerve to add 18% gratuity to our bill!  Will never go again at this location! HORRIBLE SERVICE!
There we were during Restaurant Week, exploring the finer things in life. We decided on a more of a dessert kind of feel dinner, and so we decided on a place called Serendipity 3. Located right off the strip in front of Caesars, it definitely wasn't an easy restaurant to access. As soon as we were seated our waiter just dropped off menus without saying one word and let us be. After what seemed like an eternity, the waiter finally came back and asked us if we were ready to order. I then immediately asked if I can get the restaurant week menu. The waiter then replied saying that there were no specials that he was aware of. I literally busted out my phone and showed him that Serendipity 3 was a part of restaurant week and showed him the specials. He then left and asked one of his fellow colleagues that acknowledged that they did have a restaurant week menu. So the waiter comes by and finally acknowledges that there was a special menu, without any sort of an apology. He took our order and then left. I'm a very patient person when it comes to bad service. What I mean is I have taken a lot of crap without complaining, but this guy was just the worst. First of all he was very soft spoken, and had a very bad attitude problem.What's the first rule of working in the service industry? Leave your problems at the door, and put a smile on your face. This guy definitely needed a lesson in service. Anyways, after all the rude remarks and attitude he gave us while ordering, our food finally came out. Before our food even came out, I noticed the waiter just went around and asked everyone else how they were doing, and completely ignored us. I was without a drink for 15 plus minutes, and did I mention the food came out very slow. I can tell it wasn't the cooks fault, it was our waiter. My chicken dish I've ordered was cold to the core; not even a little feel of warmth. I just let it slide and finished my dinner. The most anticipated part of the meal finally came out, dessert. I've noticed that he has gotten our order wrong, and then informed him of his mistake. Once again without any apology he just takes the plate without a word. I can see his facial expression of disgust as he walked away. The nerves of this guy were incredible! To make the story short, we enjoyed our dessert very much.  Needless to say our waiter never came back after correcting his mistake. My friends and I sat there socializing for a long period of time.  All I can hear is the slurps from the straw, since the drinks were empty. Honestly I just wanted the check so we can leave, but our waiter was nowhere to be found.  When I finally saw our waiter, I politely tried to gain his attention. He totally just ignored me and walked on by. Finally I went up to the front and asked if I could get my check, and the hostess instructed us to ask our waiter. At this point I was furious and asked for a manager. The manager was very nice and offered us a complimentary lunch on them. One thing I believe the manager made a mistake was when he said, "Yeah, we get complaints on him all the time." When I heard that, in my head I was like, "Then why is he still working here!?" Thanks to that rude waiter, I will never go back to Serendipity again. I even have a complimentary meal, but no thanks!
I missed this place last time I came to Vegas so this time I was determined to go here. 35 as I expected . I thought that this place must be amazing.. Our hostess had no personality and did not make us feel welcomed. We sat down in 35 and got a patio seating. I was thrilled. This is when it went down hill. Our server apparently touched our table and said she would be there in a minute . I didn't even know who she was. 25 min went by and still no server. This place obviously doesn't have team work because NO ONE came by. My friend pointed out our server and she just kept walking circles around us. I had to ask te host to find our server for us ( where she said yes but felt is necessary to keep setting tables). GUEST ARE YOUR 1st PRIORITY!! We asked to see a mgr. Who kindly expedited our food out quickly. Our runner ( older blonde) was friendly and and made sure we had everything thing. Our server never came by to check on us . O refills. Never smiled. Ugh! It just made the whole experience aggravation! I was irritated and never wanted to come back here again. Then , she had the nerves to put a 18% grat. F' her! Why should I reward terrible service . The only reason she got a tip is because 1 of my friends felt bad. I left 0 tip on my share and same withe others around me! Older middle aged lady with brown hair! WORST SERVER AWARD to her!. The star goes to the runner and he deep fried Oreos !
I don't like it. I can make this crap at home and not pay $14 for frozen hot chocolate. Expensive and not worth the wait. I only gave one star because the creamy crab artichoke dip. Save your money for better food in vegas....and your time.
The service really deserves 0 stars, it required 20 minutes and the effort of 4 people to put some lettuce and chicken in a plastic dish and whip up a frozen hot chocolate! The real kicker... I paid $30 for the salad and drink! I could have done the Wynn buffet for nearly the same price.
My husband and I met a girlfriend of mine and her date.  She had heard the frozen hot chocolate was amazing so she and her date ordered it.  My huband and I split the nachos appetizer and the frozen Oreo dessert.  My friend and her date's desserts came out first...they each took and drink and had a funny look on their faces...we asked what was wrong and they both said "hmmm not at all what we were expecting".  They drank a little bit more.  Her date commented on how it was really dark chocolatey...He wasn't happy and wanted to send it back.  However, our waiter was nowhere to be found.  My friend was very disappointed considering all the build-up she had heard.  . The nachos were good.  Not the best ever.  My husband, who is one of the biggest sweet tooths I have ever met, had a drink of our dessert and also had a funny look on his face.  He said the same thing...it wasn't what he expected.  I tried 1 sip...it had a strange, almost slushy like texture.  We didn't even finish the desert.  I doubt we'll go back there.  Our bill (spliting an appetizer, spliting a desert, and drinking tap water) was over $30.. Since it is on the corner of Las Vegas Blvd and Flamingo, plan on walking!  We parked in the Caesars garage.  My friend's date parked in the Flamingo parking garge.  Not sure which is closer.  If you're not looking to walk, I'd suggest valet at Caesars.. On the way home, we stopped at baskin and robins to have some real ice cream!  Then I heard from my friend in the morning...she and her date stopped by Jack in the box for a real dessert, as well!  LOL!
This review is for the to-go cafe in the front. The line had about 9 people in it, yet it took my boyfriend 30 min to get to the front. Then after you pay, you have to go into another 15 min line to pick up your food. You should expect to get your food in 45 min after you arrive (LAME). This place should try investing in more employees to run this express cafe because I saw only 2 workers - one working the cashier and the other making the orders.. . As for the food, the frozen hot chocolate is tasty, but not all that it's hyped up to be. The hot dog we ordered was blah, but the sweet potato fries were delicious.. . I'm pretty sure I'm not going here again.
Three of us went to Serendipity 3 around 10:00 am.  the restaurant was half empty, yet we were told it would be a twenty minute wait.  When asked about the empty tables the greeter stated that "Those tables are for larger parties"  No larger parties were in site.  When asked about sitting outside the greeter stated " The patio heaters do not come on until 11:00 am and if you decide you don't like your seat, you will be placed on the bottom of the wait list" What BS.  I told the greeter that there is to many rules and left.  The hostess could care less if we ate or not.  The restaurant surely does not need repeat business, but you would think they would want to take your money, then give bad service.
We tried to go to Serendipity 3 for lunch, but we never actually saw a waiter. We waited about 20 minutes after being seating and saw plenty of other wait staff not making eye contact with patrons, but never found ours. It's too bad I was really looking forward to a $14 hot dog.
one word - OVERRATED!. . The fam bamz decided to come here for an afternoon snack.  We heard about the rave of the "Frozen Hot Chocolate" and wanted to find out what the hype was all about.. . It was around 3pm and to be expected, the place was mad busy.  There was an hour and 1/2 wait for a party of 8.  There was plenty of outdoor tables and the weather was absolutely phenomenal during the month of March. We decided to try out their take out orders.  It's a limited menu but again, we were there strictly for dessert.. . We were in line for 45 minutes.  I don't understand why there was a long wait when the orders consisted of ice cream.  I passed on the frozen hot chocolate - why do I need to spend $15 ona milkshake?  I went with the huge chocolate donut and the Forbidden Sundae which consisted of chocolate cake, chocolate and vanilla cream, whip cream, chocolate syrup, and a cherry on top.  I waited another 15 minutes for my order to be prepared.  I saw my sundae sitting on the counter underneath an air vent that was melting my ice cream. It took another 10 minutes for the server to grab my donut.  By the time I was handed my sundae, the whip cream turned into milk and spilled over the cheesy cup.  The cake was hard and chewy.  The ice cream underneath and had already turned into mush.  It was the MESSIEST sundae I have ever dealt with.  It was sooo messy, that it got me angry and I just wanted to throw it away! The donut was nothing special....just  big.. . This was the worst experience ever! Everyone wants to eat here because of the movie; well, I'm hear to tell you that the service and food is below standard!  WASTE OF MONEY AND TIME!  If you want real ice cream, come over to the bay area and hit up MITCHELL'S!  Mitchell's is worth standing in line for!
Frrrozen Hot Chocolate for $10?? You gotta be kidding me. Luckily, rewards points were used to pay for this. I mean, it was not gross, it was delicious, but not $10 delicious. It tasted like Hershey's syrup + melted ice + whipped cream.. the kind of shake you would get at the elementary school fair. I went to the take out line outside of the restaurant and it was service was soooooooooo slow, I mean ridic. slow just for a blended drink, while everyone else's orders were sundaes and blended drinks as well. . . After waiting for 30+mins, I asked the lady for my order.. . "Hi, can you follow up on my frozen hot chocolate?". . *Shows receipt*. . "Oh, hold on.". . *Lady grabs one of the bigass pitchers of already blended frozen hot chocolate and poors it into a cup and adds whipped cream and hands it back to me*. . "Here ya go..". . WTF?!
Was so looking forward to this place, but it towtally let me down. It was a busy evening and we got sat within minutes. However, we sat and sat.... We noticed a table next to us and they looked unhappy waiting too. We finally left after 15 minutes of waiting.. So, we decided to try their quick order window and another let down. Over-priced, salty hot dogs with dry buns. The dessert, what I was excited about, frozen hot chocolate. Yup, another let down. No one wanted to finish an over-priced sugary drink. Boo hoo Serendipity3!
A 45 minute wait for the frozen hot chocolate was such a letdown.  We go the for 2 size to share and it wasnt even as good as the choco shake at Wendy's.  It was not rich, it was not decadent, it was not to die for and it was such a waste of good slot machine money.  It was $14 which turned into $18 with tip and tax.  The whip cream on top was the fake kind that comes out of the metal cans.  On top of the whip cream was a budget flavored choco powder.  It tasted like it was made with Hershey's syrup.  I could have made this at home for $2.  I want my 45 minutes of life back so I can spend it throwing money at strippers.. . Service was super nice and friendly and the store was cute in the over colored circus kind of way.  They also serve food on the same standard as a TGIF's or Chili's if you don't want to waste your cash on the frozendrinks.
Ugh. I was made to go here because I have family in town and they really don't understand my values are a big deal to me. If I boycott a place I don't care if I'm starving I won't do it. But the louder of opinions in the group won and I have no say since it isn't my vacation. So the BF and I kept them company while they ate their over priced and over rated items. . . There wasn't anything that was gonna get us to order something or even taste what people are ordering so I have nothing much to say on food and will just quote what people said at the table. . . My one brother who's definitely a foodie wasn't happy with his frozen chocolate what he said was "a melted milkshake" and he would have been better off "with a In N Out milkshake". Then I found out he wanted to come with me instead to Max Brenner. *sigh* (And we did go the next day while family shopped). Another brother got coffee and it was nothing special. The kids liked their desserts, but they're KIDS. I can put sugar on roaches and they'd think it's a crunchy goodtime. My sister had a sundae and it was fairly standard. My cousin had a cake that was super in size and had a lot of leftovers but he said it was good. . . Service wasn't rude this time, but it wasn't really hitting service standards. It was more like- take the order, bring it, and if you need the check go find them. Desserts took about 35 minutes to come. One person came late and ordered after everyone else. They got a slice of cake and that didn't come around until way later when most people had their desserts done....Cake doesn't even need to be prepared so it shouldnt take 50 minutes to receive it! Just put it on a fucking plate and add whip cream and a strawberry.. . Well, just confirms to me- I wasn't just "hating" in my first review, this place isn't that great with service nor expediting orders.  Dessert shouldn't take almost 2 hours specially since we're one of the last reservations of the night. . . Stop buying into brand names. Serendipity lost the charm that made it sucessful in the first location decades ago. Serendipity doesn't live to its name and is just bad misfortune with each visit. . . AVOID.
Sooo, my hubby and I finally decided to see what this whole frozen hot chocolate hype was about... Was it worth it? Not for $10! All it was to me was a milkshake. Maybe I chose the wrong flavor, which was strawberry but none the less I expected way better for the price! My hubby got the one with peanut butter and he couldn't finish it because he said it was too rich and his was $11!  . . Breakdown: . jalapeno cheddar pretzel: 5.99 not bad but not crazy good. . Nacho cheese dip: $0.50. . Small Strawberry frozen hot chocolate: $10 tasted like nestle quick, never again. . Small peanut butter frozen hot chocolate: $11 too rich and too sweet!. . Total with tax for this little snack: $34 and some change! Ridiculous? I think so! Now I don't want to bash it too much because we only tried the to go menu, which was very limited but to be honest nothing on the sit down menu really wowed me either so I highly doubt I'll be giving them a second chance. They are know for their frozen hot chocolate, which to me was a major bust so my work here is done! Sorry serendipity you're just not for me!
We had a 45 min wait which was no big deal.  We hung around for a while listened to the girl with the heavy accent yell out people name at the top of her lungs for a while. It got pretty comical to after a while when not a single person could figure out who she was calling and they would all run up.  Once we were called and made our way in our server took her sweet time getting to us.  The first thing we noticed is the place is nothing like the NY Serendipity.  The decor isn't the least bit whimsical or special in anyway.  It's just another restaurant in a box, certainly not what we expected after going to NY so many times.  The menu is the same and we have already selected our favorites and where ready to go only to get a menu that differed from the one original posted outside.  We modified our choices and moved on.  When she returned she then informed us that they no longer had neither of the selections we have made where available.   So to recap to this point we have waited 45 min, had the menu change, and now are being told they don't have what is on the new menu.  We asked what else what not available and were told it depended on what you wanted to order.  We had no become so annoyed by the cold demeanor of the staff we left.  Hopefully others have better experiences they we did.
We were told a half hr to 40 min wait, waited about an hour and a half to be seated. Once seated the service was terrible! It took our waiter Jeff another hour to get food on the table and to top it off he felt the need to school me on EVERYTHING I ordered in a very rude fashion! Then about another half our to pay. All together it took over three hours to get food, the food was not even very good and Jeff really worked my last nerve! HORRIBLE RESTAURANT EXPERIENCE! Save yourself and DO NOT got to Serendipity 3!!!!!!!
Hype? YES... Overrated? For Sure. Will I come back? NO WAY!. . From the time we put our names on a list to be seated, to the time we ordered our food...it took about 1 1/2 hours. We were seated in about 30 minutes, so it took our food about 1 hour to get to the table. . . Everything is super expensive! We ordered off the appetizer menu and one dessert. All in all, our food + water, the bill came out to about $70.00 (tip not included).. . We had the crab/artichoke dip (just okay, nothing special), then weordered chicken strips (gross! over breaded, tiny chicken on the inside, they left the chewy tendons in the chicken too), we also had the kobe beef sliders (BURNED! BURNED! BURNED! - i don't mean a nice flavorful char on the outside, i'm talkin CHAR-COAL!). . . Lastly, on to the dessert, Red Velvet sundae (basically a red velvet cake with chocolate ice cream). Let's just say, the cake was dry, the chocolate ice cream was nothing special, and the heap of whipped cream hurt my teeth. The texture was so mushy and squishy. They should have added some nuts, or chocolate chips or something. . . Overall, I can say I've been here, but I'm NEVER going back! :)
On my recent trip to Vegas I was so excited to eat at this restaurant but my excitement quickly dissipated into dissapointment as we were greeted by a very unhelpful and rude hostess. She was not friendly nor helpful. (Ex: when we asked if we could get a menu to look over while we waited, she pointed to the wall and said "this is our menu").  People that came after us were seated before us and when we finally got a table our waitress was also rude and unfriendly. (Ex: When she brought my friend her tea we commented on how cute the tea pot was and she snapped back "it's hot, don't touch it!").  Needless to say we asked for the check shortly after that! For me, the service is just as (if not more) important than the quality of food for a restaurant to be successful. I was so turned off by the staff personal that I wasn't willing to sit through an entire meal. If you do decide to try this place, I hope you have a better experience! ( But if your experience turns south there is a great Italian restaurant in cesars palace called Raos that has great food and staff! (That's were we ended up eating!) Good luck to all!!
Okay, so I have heard really great and raging reviews of this place and was really hyped to check it out for the first time! I came here with a friend who's been here a numerous amounts of times.  The decor and ambiance of this place was actually fantastic. It reminded me of the bubblegum candy land and a little bit of sexy hip at the same time. . . The wait was about 25minutes, not bad for dinner on a weekday, and we were seated promptly inside with a view of the strip. That night we saw Penn & Teller eating dinner on the outside balcony, poor guys couldn't even enjoy their night being bothered by tourists and fans, let the men eat!! **My little highlight for the night!**. . For dinner I ordered the Salmon Caesar Salad with homemade Garlic Parmesan Croutons that cost almost close to $20 (but it was a huge mixing  bowl portion) While the size might have given you your money's worth, the fish was too fishy and half cooked, the lettuce was drowning in a mayonnaise based Caesar dressing so It was soggy. The only good thing was the Garlic bread/over sized croutons. The disappointment of my night. . . After my not-so-appetizing dinner, i was sort of looking forward to a dessert called the Frozen Hot Chocolate, but didn't get the chance to because they ran out of ingredients, so they suggested the hot chocolate sundae. What? isn't it chocolate and ice that you need to make this dessert? Ugh So we opted for the Strawberry Fields Sundae, cheesecake, strawberry ice cream, strawberry topping with whipped cream all for $15.00!!! SERIOUSLY? There was two scoops of ice cream on the bottom of a goblet topped with strawberry compote and LOADS of whip cream. Really is that necessary? . . In the end, I made a note to myself that I will never come here again, nor will I suggest this place to anybody. Chili's or Apple-bees in my opinion makes better quality foods at a decent-not-so-overrated price! . . Never again.
I had heard good things about Serendipity...especially all the stuff about celebs hanging out in their New York location and it was The Place for ice cream in NY, yada, yada, yada.... . Their location in Las Vegas was a turn off from the moment I approached the hostess to get a table. I was given what I now know to be their stock answer..."about 45 minutes". . . We decided to order some ice cream at the to-go window and sit outside. The woman at the counter was snippy and rude. When my friend asked if she could get whipped cream on top of her waffle-coned scoop of ice cream, the woman snapped back in a rude way, "no".  How about just putting some whipped cream on top and charging us an extra buck and a half and call it a day instead of being rude about it.. . After ordering I went to the pick-up window to get our stuff. The simple order for four people was screwed up and I had to wait more than ten minutes to get my scoop of ice cream in a cup. Of course my friends were pretty much done with theirs, so I was even more annoyed. . . Honestly I think this place is highly overrated and the staff were rude. The ice cream was good, but not great.  I won't be going back.
God this place is appalling. The service is horrible, the food is Deep Fried Cisco, and its nothing like the old Serendipity in NYC( and that one has sunk as well). The only thing here that is appealing is the Frozen hot Chocolate, which you can get to go from a window round back and take it to sit and watch the people walk by at your pleasure along the strip. And even that Frozen Hot Chocolate is just a pre packaged sad shadow of its former self that got this restaurant on the map in NYC. . Even the service at the window sucked. I don't care how much it costs, just give me great quality, and great service and I'm happy!. But this place is just SAD at any price.
Just returned from a Vegas weekend and this restaurant and service was just terrible. The layout of the restaurant should have been better to accommodate size and demands of tourists and visitors instead of only being able to service the basic size of a mom & pop shop. It has a great area for outdoor seating but the shade and covering or cooling was not enough for Nevada 104+ F demands. The host and service was NOT great at all and good luck trying to find a seat and service with a party greater than 3. We were forced to wait an hour and a half in 104 F when we just had to give up because although we confronted the host as to why several parties were being let in (parties of 1 & 2), our party of 5 is just too big for them and it's easier to let people with smaller parties in. So very rude and not worth the wait.. . My highest recommendations to you, if you're willing to pay the same amount for Serendipity 3 go inside Caesars with A/C and comfy seating and shade. Find a bakery called Payard's Patisserie and get their drinks and pastries, just the same price (perhaps portions are smaller regarding pastries but they are in French style-size, drinks are huge) and BONUS they give free samples.. . Will fly to NYC for the original shop and avoid this mock.
Horrible service for a half empty restaurant.  45 minute wait before being sat in an empty station.  My friend's knife was dirty ok things happen but then after our meal the table behind us sends a plate back because their's was dirty as well.  Really slow service granted yes we were told kitchen was backed up but again 45 minutes for sundaes.  The server asked how everything was going and left before getting an answer.  Overall the restaurant survives on the hype, don't go for it.  Save your money; this place is not worth it.
Horrible service! Our table waited 15 min before anyone even showed up to our table...and they were out of two of the deserts we wanted...freaking lame.
I am drafting this review as I am sitting here waiting for a waiter/waitress. My party of 5 got sat in a little over 30 min. We have been sitting for 10 min with absolutely no service. We asked the hostess to get someone to get to our table and it has been more than 5 min. I guess when they have a request like that they laugh about it with each other and do nothing about it. Today is Sunday...I can't imagine this place on a Friday/Saturday. This restaurant is pretty small with a lot of hostesses and waiter/waitresses but someone everyone fails to get it together.. . Finally, we got to order. They are "back ordered" on the white chocolate and strawberry frozen hot chocolates. Fantastic. You'd think that the kitchen would be stocked with the large amounts of people that come in for the infamous frozen hot chocolates. We ordered a classic sundae,  original frozen hot chocolate, a mint frozen hot chocolate and an oreo frozen hot chocolate. Our Oreo one didn't come out and we were already finished with the rest so I flagged down our waitress who gave me so much attitude because she forgot to put in the order. Also, we did not get our change back. Guess that was tip. . . This place is literally on the strip. Great location and a good amount of people but horrible service. If you have a couple hours to waste, come here. The only reason why we came to this place was to bring our friends from Cali and to try the frozen hot chocolate...which was okay. Probably would have enjoyed it better if the service was better? None of us are coming back!
one star... why? Here it goes: . TIME . 30 minutes for me to interrupt a random hostess to request a waiter... another 7 just to get water and another 20 to get our food out to us. Last I checked it takes less than a minute to scoop ice cream right? . TASTE: . -Chicken Strips..... forget it! that horrible Tabasco sauce that Hooters use is also used here....go to Buffalo Wild Wings instead or get the Spicy wings at the Albertsons deli...(amazing) . -Nachos: I didn't know it was possible to ruin Nachos until now, the canned black beans and dehydrated ground beef makes Taco Bell a 5 star restaurant....skip them and go to the Yard House for Nachos...best in Vegas (I'm not kidding) . -Oreo frozen hot chocolate.....I know my junk food and let me tell you something...those are not oreos, they are some cheap version of oreos because it has that medicine after taste. . -Carrot cake ice cream...Semi good, You could actually build a better one at home, the cake tasted frozen old and the ice cream was substandard, Cold Stone has better quality than this 14 dlls overpriced thing oh and the nuts on top were also old. . CLEANLINESS: . Dirty, there are heavy traffic restaurants in Vegas just like this one and they are clean. . . The run down...If you have time to waste and want to people watch this is ok, It has a great location outdoor and indoor tables but the food is substandard including the service, I believe that the only reason they are still in business its because of the location and they get tourists that eat there once then leave the city just like airport food. . . BTW, I come from a family of accomplished chefs. . avoid this place.
Amazing frozen hot chocolate.  Terrible service. The hostess was not nice at all, and we waited for over 30 min to even go inside and the place was not even close to being half full.  Our waitress was very nice, but it took a very long time to even be helped.  This one does not even compare to the one in NY.
I am a Serendipity fan, a New York original Serendipity fan. I am no longer a Las Vegas Serendipity fan. I ate at the LV location 1.5 years ago and had a great experience, but this time ruined its reputation for me. I also am a frequent diner at the original NY restaurant, so it's upsetting that this establishment shares the same quality name.. . Came to eat a late lunch here last Saturday around 3pm. I was meeting up with some friends and was the first one to arrive, so I put my name down. We had a party of 7, so when she said it would be an hour wait, that seemed reasonable since the place was packed. However, then she said that they ran out of buzzers and that I should just wait in the area for my name to be called. Wait around for a HOUR? When I can walk around Cesar's Palace instead?? I wasn't happy but I complied andthe waiting began.. . Since it was 3pm, and I hadn't eaten much that day and I had to wait around the restaurant, I decided to order a snack at the take-out window. Figured I would split a hot dog with my boyfriend while we waited since I was starving, and then when we were seated in a hour, I would order something lighter to complete my lunch. The take out window was super slow and inefficient but they guy serving us at the window provided good conversation. As I was waiting for my hot dog at the pick-up window, I hear my name called at the restaurant. WTF??? It had only been 20 minutes.. . The hostess gave me attitude because she had been calling me name. Hey lady, what do you expect when you don't give me a buzzer!!! I explained to her that my party was ready but that I had just ordered a hot dog at Serendipity Take-Out and asked if I could bring it into the restaurant. She said NO and that she could seat the rest of my party but that she couldn't seat me if I wanted to bring in a hot dog. Even though my friends hadn't ordered any food yet and I had bought the hot dog from Serendipity, she wouldn't budge. So I canceled the whole table and my friends and I just ordered more food from Take-Out. . . The whole ordeal just makes no sense. (1) Why would the hostess say the wait was an hour and then be able to seat us in 20 minutes?, (2) Why can't you bring Serendipity take-out into the restaurant if you are still going to buy food at the restaurant? And it's ALL THE SAME PLACE!,  (3) Serendipity is not some pretentious nightclub.
Wow where does one start. The frozen hot chocolate...is NOT frozen ! It tastes okay, kinda like a melted chocolate milkshake, but it costs $10. The cheeseburger was $15....and it was just a cheeseburger. After the 35 minute wait, followed by the 10 minute wait to be addressed for our drink order, I was not impressed. I think the sit down restaurant is not worth the time or money.  Food was sub-par, overtly expensive for the quality, and the service was spotty and slow.
First of all, this place was extremely cold to the point and too noisy yo couldn't even have a conversation with the person next to you. I ordered their mac'n'cheese and it was really good, my mother ordered the tuna tacos which were raw! i'm not sure if they were supposed to be like that but they tasted horrible, my father ordered the asian chicken salad and he said it tasted like any other chicken salad only the difference was it was way overpriced. The portions were small and we were going to order some dessert but couldn't handle not one minute of being there so we finished our food and left in a hurry. Worst dining experience I've had. But the service was okay, except that the food took long to get to our tables. I wouldn't return ever to that restaurant but I will probably order (dessert since I haven't tried it)  from their outside window and take it to-go.
All of my friends talk about this place.  I see it all the time on the Travel Channel.  Last week I decided to give it a try.   Had to try the signature Frozen Hot Chocolate, of course.  Since D and I were starving when we got there, we also ordered a jalepeno pretzel and a cheese pizza.  . . Frozen Hot Chocolate - First of all, it was 10 bucks for a size comparable to Starbucks Grande size.  Second of all, it tasted worse than a grande chocolate frapachino.  Nasty powder chunks in the drink, and not evenvery chocolatey.  Save your money and your taste buds, go to starbucks.. . Jalepeno Pretzel - 8 bucks.  Totally not worth it.  Tasted like spicy cardboard.  Go eat some desert sand.  I'm sure it will taste better.. . Cheese Pizza - 10 bucks.  Tasted like a 5 year old made a pizza in an Easy Bake Oven. . . The worst part....  we waited over 30 min in line.. . Don't think I'll be heading back there.......
Two stars at best!  If your going for Frozen Hot Chocolate you'll be fine.  Service good, food mediocre... They messed up seared Ahi, and it took 10 minutes to remake, it came back out on an app plate...incorrect and then took another 5 minutes to re-plate.  I have had best food and managerial attention (had non here) from Denny's.  Thanks Serendipity!  Don't try to make a mint from a name...try some customer service please.
Maybe the "real" one in New York is better or this one is just staffed poorly, either way it was a memorably bad experience.  I found out Las Vegas is a hustle bustle busy type of town with a small town "Ill give you service when I feel like it" attitude for anywhere on The Strip...and ths was no exception.. . Had reservations for an outside table at 8pm on a Wednesday.  We arrived around 7:30 and told the hostess we were early and would take a table ahead of time if one opened up.  She told us that wouldnt happen and to check back in at 8pm for our table.  The inside portion was filled but definitely not swamped, we could not see what the outside seating area looked like.. . We went to the bar which was able to seat 10-15 people, and had about 6 of us sitting there.  The girlfriend and I ordered a fish bowl to pass the time.  10 mins later no fishbowl.  15 mins later bartender tells us hes going to get 'The master bartender' to make our drinks.  Not sure if it was a joke or he meant the female bartender working with him who's shift must have ended the same time as he said that as she grabbed her backpack and left.  30 mins lapsed aand it was time for our table, no fishbowl, countless others had mixers served to them in the meantime.. . It was now 8pm aand our table should be ready.  Checked w the hostess who told us that we needed to wait to see if any tables were open.  10 mins later they brought us to our table.. . The outside seating area had 3 other tables with people and the other 7 or so were empty.  What?  No one walked out before us and the tables werent dirty?  Why the wait?  Waiter came over and asked how we were doing.  We told him we had waited for our fishbowls and they never came.  More or less deadpan expression and said 'Well do you still want it?'  No good sir, we want the delicious food we heard about.  Waiter took our drink orders, 2 sodas.. . ........10 mins later no sodas.  20 minutes later no sodas.  No one else was seated around us minus a table directly behind which had a family of 3 apparently in the same position as us because the one younger guy was sleeping on the table.. . We left after the 20 minute mark without being served our drinks.  We had some lacking service in Vegas but this place takes the cake.  Overpriced menu which would have been forgotten, but lack of service on top of an overpriced menu is just a thumb in the eye with a squirt of lemon juice.
I would tug on anyone's arm if they told me they were going to dine here.  This place was awful.  Terrible service.  Long wait, even with reservations.  We had to wait 25 minutes for a drink at the bar.  Finally when the bartender failed to make it for me, I got up and left.  I expressed my distaste with the Host, who then proceeded to seat us.  A second attempt at ordering a drink with the server failed.  Apparently the sign out front saying "Expect a 20 minute wait for a diet coke" was burnt out.  We left 40 minutes after our 8:00 reservation still with no apologizes or drinks.  Very disappointed.  . . The dessert menu was different and looked great, however.  But the food, was nothing noteable.  It was very overpriced sandwich, burger, nacho type of food for approx $20 a plate.  . . Save your money.  and your time.  And don't test your patience at this place.  There are many more better places to go in LV.
We went to Serendipity this weekend and I have to say I was VERY disappointed! When we got there we were told it was a 45 minute wait and to wait outside close by.  We sat at a table right by the entrance and never heard our name called! One of my friends went inside to make sure they didn't call our name and they said they did.  Since we didn't hear it they told us it would be another 20 minute wait or we could sit outside. We chose to sit outside.  The hostess was rude taking us to our table she did not smile once and we basically had to jog to keep up with her.  When she was handing us our menus she was cold and rude.  Our waitress then came and was okay at first but after about 20 minutes was the same as the hostess no smiling and rude.  I ordered the frozen hot chocolate and let me tell you it was not worth the $11.00! It was all whipped cream and the couple sips I did take I got chunks of ice! Our waitress brought us our bill and didn't come back for about 20-30minutes!! We all got up to go find her but by then she came back. Overall it was crappy service and the deserts were way over priced for what you got. I will never go back and I would never recommend this place to ANYONE.
I expected great things (charm, pizzazz, spunk, amazing desserts) from this restaurant since my NY friends tell me their NYC location is a must-stop for kids. So we took our 11-year-old to get a treat on a recent trip. Place looked dumpy, scuffed floors, beat-up furniture and no "flair" that I could see. To be honest, it didn't look that clean either! Worst of all was the attitude--no one acted enthusiastic or friendly. Wouldn't you think an ice cream parlor would be friendly? The food was overpriced, there was a long wait for a table and the sundaes (in my opinion) were GOOD, but nothing earthshattering (and believe me....I've had plenty of earthshattering desserts!) The view of the Strip was the only thing that salvaged this waste of $50--yes, $50-- for two sundaes and a milkshake. I guess that's authentic NY prices for you.
Horrible!. . Frozen hot chocolate = milk + ice + hot cocoa powder blended together for $10.  Not sure why everyone is raving about it?!  It was the worst drink ever!  Especially in comparison to a regular milk shake.... . On top of that, the ice cream used in the shakes, cones, and sundaes is Ben and Jerry's.  Uh, you are a fancy schmancy ice cream shop and you don't make your own ice cream?  . . To top it all off, there was a 30 minute wait to get in.  There is a real B&J's just down the street on the strip and another one in the Miracle Mile shops...So why waste your time at Serendipity 3?. . Why? WHY?!
You'd think a famous & expensive place would have great food and great service. Yah, who wudda thunk those things are important to people? I guess the owners of Serendipity 3 just don't care much anymore. . . Short version: . Service is below that of a chain-casual dining spot. The food is expensive but cheaply made. I can make wayyyyyyy better stuff at home. Cleanliness is questionable. So if you are reading this... spend your money on a buffett or show. . . Long version:. . SERVICE:. Walked past the host who was barely alive. Jeez, you are a cute girl so please smile. I know its hot out, but there is mist and a nice breeze plus its your job. Server was nice but was missing often. . . Why is there a 30 minute wait when there are so many empty tables? Your servers can't handle more then 3 parties of 4 people? Please, management pick up the ball and provide some training and push your employees to be more than they can be. . . Took forever with my change too. :P. . FOOD: . Looks nice, tastes fine, but it should have been better!!! . . $14 strawberry fields sundae . yummy cheesecake, STORE BOUGHT strawberry ice cream, atleast there was real whipped cream, cheap strawberry syrup, and one little strawberry. . $11 oreo frozzzen hot chocolate . Frozen watery crap with canned whipped topping like a Frappuciono from starbucks you left in the sun for 10 minutes. . . DECOR: . Pretty AT FIRST, but looks like they threw this place together cheap. plus CLEAN YOUR TABLES. Stick & the pretty lamp on the table had old marshmellow on it. NASTY! . . Leme tell you a secret. if you have water, blender, instant drink mix, and ice you can make these "FROZZEN HOT CHOCOLATES.". Take two-three heaping table spoons of any of your instant coffee or hot chocolate mix. Maybe add 1 tbsp of sugar if you want it sweeter. Put in blender. Add 8 oz water. Blend. Get a 16 oz cup. Fill with ice. Put in blender. Blend until smooth. TAR-DAR! You just saved $10-11 dollars.
Nothing Serendipitous about this place. It was overpriced and the hostess had about as much charm as my sweaty feet from walking in Vegas in 100 degree weather. A bad attitude too. I should've saw the red flag but we needed to evade the "Hot Babes Direct to You" swaggers for a while.. . We just had desserts (which were pretty standard) so I can't comment on the food but I won't be back to find out. Our waitress was nice but overall this place had a really crappy vibe. Thanks but no thanks.
Frozen hot chocolate is really gross. It tastes like a chocolate milkshake except pure sugar plus more sugar on top. I ate the whipped cream on top to counter the sugar high from the drink.. . Oh, it also costs $11. And believe it or not, the Oreo Frozen Chocolate is sweeter than the regular Frozen Chocolate. Gross.
This review is for my visit in Aug 2011. If the service is bad then thats it for me. Everyone here hates their job and you can feel it when your there and taste it in their food. Honestly its not that great. I think its in the same food level as your local apple bees and chili's.
OK --so you go to this place BECAUSE it is what it is! you know? you see it and it's cute! and you wanna try it because it's sooo popular! And then you go, and you're disappointed. LOL.. . Well, first of all...I made reservations. When I go there, the hostess was like dumbfounded, as if she's never seen someone make a reservation before.  Whatever-- we were seated. When we ordered, it was like a 50 minute wait for our food to ACTUALLY come. When it did, my breakfast potatoes were freakin' crispy! and it was somewhat cold. It was hard enough that I had to get breakfast at almost 2 in the afternoon..haha. Our service was horrible too...she barely came around so we couldn't even ask where the hell our food was.. . At the end...we ordered the frozen hot chocolate because that is what they're known for.. We got it as a complimentary dessert because the waitress knew our food took forever! And when we drank it...we were like, this is a milkshake.. hahaha.. . So please get it together Serendipity! You are  so lucky it's so damn cute in there! I mean look at the damn plates...they're adorable!!!!
This review is not about the food. We didn't get to eat any of it. It's about the service, or lack thereof. When we walked in they said "It's a 20 minute wait, but you can have a drink and sit outside. We'll call out your name." A while later they claimed they had called our names even though we were practically right next to the host stand. When my friend complained about that the hostess basically shushed her. Then we were completely ignored by the wait staff when we finally were sat down. No one stopped by to even say "I'll be with you in a moment."  We finally said "Forget it" and took our business elsewhere.
OVERHYPED. DISAPPOINTING. NO FISH TANK. . . Very disappointed in my experience here... Staff was friendly, which would've been the only thing saving it from a 1 star.  From the outside it looks very pink..girly..NICE.  The actual inside is retro, the table "lamps" were tacky as hell. Fast forward to the food (20 minutes later). . KOBE SLIDERS-- $12 for about.. (make a C with your fingers) that big, which were DRY.  Very overpriced for crap quality.  Bacon Aioli was good but that was it.. . SWEET POTATO FRIES-- $4 Why did people hype this up so hard? They're not crispy, the quantity is that of a kid's meal fries.  These were so whatever. . CRAB ARTICHOKE DIP $13-- This was ok.. has big chunks of crab swimming in a sea of CREAM.  Should have just called it, "Cream of Crab".  I'm not super lactose but this stuff made my stomach ache! It's a little plain in taste and I was def missing that "OOMPH". It never came. . PEANUT BUTTER FRRROZEN HOT CHOCOLATE $12-- The grand finale, the reason I came... BIG FAT DISAPPOINTMENT.  I mean I'll admit it's interesting I suppose but all you need to do really is make hot chocolate and blend in it withsome ice & there u have it. Also, load up on the whipped cream.  . . All in all, I wish I took the advice of fellow Yelpers who rated this place 1 or 2.  It's VERY overpriced, very disappointing & the food SUCKED.  Service was good and that was about it. Also, they got rid of the fish tank that was seen on that aquarium show.  Another fat disappointment.
I'm really disappointed in this place. I came here thinking it was going to be an awesome place for dessert and left here knowing that it's just an overpriced ice cream parlor that isn't even good.  If you've ever been to a Cold Stone Creamery or anything similar, you don't need to go here unless you really want to pay $11 for a cup of frozen hot chocolate..
I don't know why it took me so long to write this review, but this is, by far, THE WORST PLACE IN VEGAS!!! And I'm local, I eat in restaurants in town all the time.  Let's start with the host telling us there would be a table available in 40 minutes. It took an hour. We'll continue with the waiter sitting us in a freezing table next to the back door. We asked to move, he said there's no space available, we moved ourselves and it took them 20 min longer to get us menus. The music was super loud and so very annoying. The food was OK minus and the desserts were really NOT THAT GOOD AT ALL.. I'm never going back, I have such a bad opinion about this place. I'm getting angry again just from writing this review... Save your time and money and go someplace else!
I went to Serendipity 3 to have a frozen hot chocolate.  I'd had one about 10 years ago in New York.  Honestly, I don't remember a thing about how it tasted but I figured it must have been good if there is now one in Vegas!. . The place was crazy busy when we arrived but luckily I spotted a 'takeout' window on the side.  No biggie since I only wanted the frozen hot chocolate anyway.  Looking at the menu while waiting in line, I was shocked at the price for the frozen hot chocolate.  Most flavors were $11.  Flavors like 'peanut butter, mint or vanilla'.  No hint of fancy chocolate like Lindt or Ghirardelli flakes that might make the price worth it.  I bought anyway, the mochachino flavor, I wanted peanut butter but they were out and $12.97 later, ($1 for a plastic glass of tap water) I stood by the window and waited for my frozen hot chocolate.  They are fast, I will give them that, but what passed from the window into my hand was basically a grande frappucino at three times the price.  I'm not sure what others were raving about because nothing in that glass could come close to being worth the $11 price tag for the drink.  . . As my friend and I wondered exactly why there are so many people at Serendipity we could only guess that 1 -they'd never been there before or 2- like me they couldn't remember having it the first time.  Apparently, if you actually sit down in the restaurant, the frozen hot chocolate is much larger which might have made me feel a tiny bit better.  However, either way, the melted milkshake with a load of whipped cream that is the frozen hot chocolate is not worth your time or money.  Go somewhere else.  There are plenty of gelato places in Vegas where you can get your ice cream fix if that is what you desire for 1/3 of the price.
I'd heard/seen Serendipity 3 in NYC and kept hearing about this frozen hot chocolate drink. I guess it was finally time to try it (as there was no line when I walked by). . . The first sip is like 'woah this is....frozen...hot chocolate' but the next few sips you get sick of the drink. It's just way too sweet and very hard toswallow after the inital sip. A little too pricey and so I don't think I'll be getting this again, or recommending it to any friends.
I got so excited when I saw a Serendipity 3 in Vegas. It made me think back to that amazing frozen hot chocolate I got at the store in NYC.. . On a hot day (back in August), a frozen hot chocolate will just hit the spot. I was already full from breakfast, so just walking around the strip. I went up to the window, ordered my frozen hot chocolate to go, and walked around with it inside Cesar's hotel. . . It tastes NOTHING like the frozen hot chocolate from the NYC store. It was not good. I guess I just had high expectations from this place. I thought their stuff would be the exact same. It's not. I took a few sips, didn't think it was worth the calories, so I just threw it in the trash. I was sad. Wasted drink. I'll know better next time.
If I could give them a zero, I would. . . My group of 6 had reservations, and they still took an hour to seat us.  We were early and checked in multiple times.  When we got seated, there were plenty of tables......so what was the problem? . . I guess we got seated at a weird time because we couldn't order from the lunch menu because it was "brunch" still, even though "lunch" started 10 min later?  Whatever.  . . The service was soooooooooooo slow -- it wasn't even busy.  The waiters were rude.  The food was not worth the wait or price.  The frozen hot chocolate tasted watered down, so I don't get why people rave about it.  . . If you want food, go elsewhere.  If you want desserts, order from the takeout/to-go window I guess.  If you want nice ambiance or something, IT'S NOT HERE.  Walk the strip.  . . I left definitely NOT tummy stuffed.
If I had the chance, I would give them no stars. We were trying to get a table cause I really wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate. After waiting around for about 30-45 minutes, the hostess rudely told us that we were standing in the way and we had to move. First, she could have said that a little nicer. And second, if they had adequate amount of space there would be no issue. Due to her poor behavior, we decided to leave without even trying this place.
bad service, yucky coffee and terrible pretzel.  I won't be back.
love the food but HATE the service... 40 mins for a table... okaywell it's vegas. But 40 mins for food? When it all finally came i was asked if they could bring anything else like ranch etc. I asked for ranch for my sweet potato fries. Long and behold it never came. In the end we were not only annoyed but disappointed with the level of service.
What a disappointment. I was so excited to come here and try a frozen hot chocolate, after waiting 30 minutes I finally reached the front of the pay line and the cashier came back she said she had to take 3 minutes to restock, ugh, fine, so I waited because I was at the point of no return. The girl behind me got fed up and started yelling at her to come back, which ended up benefiting me, she came back and told me whatever I would order would take at least 30 minutes and all I wanted was a frozen drink, I ordered and she said it would take less than 5 minutes. What a joke. It took 15, I felt bad that my bf was sitting at a table waiting for me and the super sweet dumb drink I had my heart set on. I really should have gotten one of those tall flavored margaritas. I felt bad for all those other people waiting in a much longer line than I had. Why would you staff this place with 5 people when it clearly needs more? I will not be back. Serendipity on the go is definitely not on the go.
Crappy service. Average food. Don't waiste your time and money
Planned a carb cheat day here for my Vegas trip. So disappointed in the desserts. Ice cream less than average. Ordered Blackout Sundae and husband ordered fried oreo sundae and we took a few bites and paid the bill. Burger and chicken sandwich were good but unimpressed with dessert and will not ever return.
Seating took over ten minutes even though there were several empty tables available.  It was pretty hot outside - we were there in the beginning of June.  The staff, including manager, were apathetic about me and my family waiting to sit.  The hostess never called me; I continually had to go up to the podium to check.  The frozen chocolate was good (albeit pricey).   I was really quite aggravated by the way the staff did not seem to care about seating us and for that reason gave a 1 star.
overpriced, overrated and bad service. . My family and I (5 with three kids) decided to try Serendipity 3 after reading some great reviews on it in our hotel places to eat booklet.  They had it rated with Bouchons in the Venetian which is an absolutely great place to dine.  Serendipity was horrible..overpriced very basic root beer floats and shakes that cost half the total bill.  I've had much better in Johnny Rockets or McDonalds(seriously) for shakes. Service was bad.  It took about 30 min for those basic root beer floats and shakes.  Then the food was bland with no taste..I had chicken pot pie, my wife had the don't be afraid of my alfredo....be afraid of the Alfredo.  Olive Garden is better.  All the entrees were bad except for my sons wings...they were ok...not good but ok.  Don't fool yourself..this is not a good place to eat.  Vegas has so many other better choices.
What a cute Name! Serendipity... sound like you are getting dipped in chocolate or something,..lol.. just based on this cute name alone I would have totally checked out this place! . . Unfortunately my experience was not as cute at the name... the restaurant was not busy at all but after we got seated.. it took a loooong time for the server to come to our table. To the point where i told my husband, if they dont come in the next minutes let just go.... . and of course, she comes.... I ordered the hot chocolate ( since i was freezing) and this big cup full of ice cream, chocolate fudge and whip cream, my husband ordered a martini. Ive been with my husband long enough to know that he likes his martini shaken hard so there are bits of ice in the glass.. and i guess that makes the martini taste really good..for him. But at the same time.. you have to take the martini to him right when it is done, because the ice will melt and get the drink all watery.. no one likes that.. Yes kind of picky.. but everyone has their preferences when it comes to drinks.... . I saw the bartender make the drink... or rather heard him..shake it hard and there it sat on the counter waiting and waiting once again for our server who was M.I.A.. It was sooo long that i decided to get the drink myself from the bar counter. The bartender i think also knew it was a while because he kept moving the drink forward for someone to take it... when i went up, he was nice enough to apologize and bring the drink. Right after that the server comes in and brings the hot chocolate and the ice cream. . . Im not sure if my taste buds were off by then because of the bad service that we got.. but everything was just sweet... hot cholocate was like the one from the package that you add water..and ice cream was ice cream.... . Not asking for a whole lot.. just be attentive to your tables... expecially if it aint that busy!
The wait is too long! You wait way to long for mediocre food, if anything just get the frozen hot chocolate otherwise everything else is a waste!
SOOOO DISAPPOINTED.... . Came here with my hubby about a month ago. We waited about 15 minutes to be seated and almost 20 minutes to be served.. that was really retarded... I was so excited to try their frozen hot coco and my hubby ordered their sliders... *sigh*... we might have as well gone to sonic or something rather than throwing our money away at this stupid place. The frozen hot chocolate a regular mild shake that didnt even taste good and their sliders were sooo bland that i had to drench it with the whatever sauce that it came with... . . SERVICE SUCKED SOOO BAD... HORRIBLE. FOOD WAS BLAH. FOOD WAS EXPENSIVE
O m G. Wow. Ordered the Caesar salad w/ chicken. $17. It took like a 1/2 hour-45 mins. Wasn't even an actual salad. Just peeled and very soggy whole lettuce leaves...wth?!! Did not come with croutons but a piece of bread that was suppose to pass for croutons. Waited a while and order the Famous Frozen Hot Chocolate...very sloppy and I was very disappointed. The tower of whipped cream fell over right after I got it and it was just melting down the sides of the glass. On top of the good things I had heard, it's just a fancy $10 ice cold chocolate milk. Might try the Serendipity in NY but def won't come here again. Paid $30 total for lettuce, Sierra Mist and chocolate milk.
I rate this a 1 star because of their crappy service.  45 min wait they said at the door for just me????  I walk through the restaurant to access the strip and I see table upon empty table.  Someone needs to fire a GM and hire some staff.  I hope to try the food one day, perhaps at the real one in LA will be better.
If you're from New Orleans, or love New Orleans food, do NOT waste your time. The breakfast was very disappointing.  The service was slow and not friendly. Coffee is $4 a cup, which they do not fill all the wayand there are no free refills.
I do not know what is going on with this place but I've had two recent bad experiences with the walk-up  the window service.  Yes, two, I don't learn very quickly.   I've ordered ice cream from the window twice while walking on the Vegas Strip.  The first time I waited over 20 minutes to order.  No big deal since I was just people watching and enjoying the weather.  After another 15 minutes of waiting at window #2 a delicious ice cream appeared.  I will give them credit for a yummy ice cream sundae.. . Round two was the same routine of waiting with a crowd that was becoming restless and angry for over 30 minutes.  This time when my ice cream sundae finally appeared it had the wrong flavor ice cream.  I had ordered vanilla and it was chocolate.  No biggie, who doesn't like chocolate?  Then I discovered it was all melted and ruined.  Threw it in the trash (after eating the whipped cream off of course).  No way I could have gotten through the angry mob to ask for a replacement.  The price of a sundae is $10.00.  Geez, I'm a sucker right?  I plan to write Caesar's Palace and ask for a $10.00 credit.  I love the Qua Waters Spa and I think that's where I would use the credit.  Wish me luck!
I can't recommend Serendipity 3 for anything but going there just to say you did.  Our service was TERRIBLE, it took probably about an hour and a half to get our food (and we went in between thebreakfast and lunch crowds) and one of the meals was sent back.  The prices are astronomical, which I'm sure is because of the name and not because of the quality.  My egg-white omelette was not good enough to be $14, I'm sorry.  The mother/daughter duo that I went with ordered the shrimp fritatta ($18) and on their plate was a small egg-white omelette, one large shrimp cut in two, one asparagus spear and covered in a huge helping of arugula lettuce.  They ended up sending it back because, well, it had one shrimp and one spear of asparagus.  When they asked to order something else because it wasn't what they thought it was, we received a snotty response from the server.  Let's just say our 9% gratuity was about 4% more than he should have received.  The best item our group received was the kid's fruit bowl for the 3-year old in our group.
This place is horrible.  I have been to Vegas tons of times and every single time I went I always wanted to try it so I finally did and I was so disappointed! from the strip it look cool but the food is like whatever and extremely over priced!  I guess I was disappointed because I expected so much more since it look nice off the strip.
I'll just get right to the point. . - restaurant crowded, expect to wait.. - food is blah (not great, not horrible) comparable to a tgif chain.. - Dessert was the best part of the meal, got the frozen hot chocolate.. . NOW the ridiculous part that bother's the shit out of me is, my credit card get's pre-authorized double my $50 tab is actually getting tied up $100 ---reason because I allow to leave the tip?? and the manager tells me its typical for Vegas...I LIVE IN VEGAS AND work on the strip..just be aware if you decided to dine.
We wanted to go the restaurant, but the wait was 30 minutes and all we wanted to do was to try the infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  So I appreciate that they had a "Fun on the run menu" which is basically a way to grab something quick. The service was definitely faster, our drink was ready right after we paid!. Half star because the place was pink and cute. Half star because it tasted good. Minus four stars because the price was ridiculous and this place is seriously over-rated! . . $10- Frozen Hot Chocolate: For taste, I thought this was chocolate goodness. However, my friend says it tasted like his protein powder mixture.. . $11- Mochacino Coffee Frozen Hot Chocolate:  This was pretty tasty.  The mocha was rich in flavor and blended well with the chocolate.  I liked the espresso chocolate on top.  Although it was delicious, the Costco's version of Mocha Latte comes pretty close.. . . Would you pay $12 (after tax) for a regular size (16 oz. maybe) of iced hot chocolate topped with whipped cream?  Why do you call it Frozen hot chocolate when it wasn't even frozen or icy?
this restaurant is completely over rated. the portions are extremely small and over priced. the quality of the food wasnt that great. the decor was awful and the tables and seats look extremely cheap.be careful ordering alcoholic beverages here. i asked for their house chardonnay and didnt realize each glass was 12 dollars! i walked out of this place feeling like i was completely ripped off. serendipity is AWFUL.
I wish I could write a thorough review of this place.  . . We were told it was 35 minute wait - no biggie.  We waited for an outdoor table on a beautiful afternoon - 12:30 pm on Monday (4/09).  . . We got seated About 45 minutes later at a great table facing the boulevard.  For such a long wait I wasn't sure why their were multiple empty tables outside.  This place could turn over much more money if they filled them.  Their profit isn't my problem though.  We soon figured out why the tables weren't full.  They were most likely severely short staffed.  Although, since there were three hostesses to seat, one wouldn't have assumed so.  . . We sat and sat and sat. No acknowledgement.  No water.  No "I'll be right with you".  20 minutes and nothing.  Not a word.  Perhaps, they thought the view was enough.  One waitress passed us and we tried to get her attention, but she looked in the opposite direction as she passed.  So, 20 minutes going onto 25 minutes and this is added to the 45 min wait for a table.  We ended up walking out.  Why are we going to pay our hard earned dollars for food plus tip when there was a clear problem here.  . Who knows how long the food would have taken to arrive.  . . We went elsewhere and then came back for that frozen hot chocolate to-go.  The short, it wasn't anything special.  It was good.  But we truly are the dummies for paying an absurd ($15) amount for a humdrum to-go milkshake.  .   . How upsetting that for as often as I go to Vegas I can neither recommend not go back.
Ever wonder about the definition of hot mess? Follow along and I am gonna break it down for ya.. . My gf has been to the location in NYC and of course had visions of a ginormous ice cream sundae dancing in her cute little head. We figured the place would be just about the same and they would be able to replicate the picture perfect sundae she had on the east coast. Simple enough, yes?? Not so fast Batman!. . She ordered the sundae, it came to the table and it seriously looked like they decided to round up all the leftovers and scoop them into a bowl especially for us. I mean no joking around, this was a complete and total disaster! Easily the worst ice cream experience ever and I am sure you are asking yourself why I am making such a big deal over an ice cream sundae. Well, for starters it's $12! AND it's ice cream! How in the world can you manage to completely destroy an ice cream sundae? I mean let's take a quick tutorial on what a sundae entails. . . 1) Ice Cream. 2) Hot Fudge. 3) Whipped Cream. 4) Cherry on top. . 4 easy steps that went super sideways and that folks, is my definition of a hot mess. . . Oh, did I mention you will likely wait close to an hour to be provided with this mess? You will, if you are lucky and in Vegas, ain't that many lucky peeps!
The Food:. . * The Big Chili. * S3 Chopped Chicken Salad. . . The only thing "big" about this chili was the price! For $10 I was expecting a bowl of chili that would satisfy even a child's appetite. What came out was a shallow saucer with maybe 1  1/2 cup of chili and a huge glob of sour cream on top. Also to my disappointment, there was no cornbread! Serving chili with no cornbread is like getting a bowl of milk with no cereal...  The one thing I can say about this chili was that it was flavored well. The richness of the seasonings really came through and wasn't masked behind the ground beef and kidney beans.. . After a scorching afternoon in the Vegas sun, I was in the mood for something cool, refreshing and even a little healthier. Enter the Serendipity 3 Chopped Chicken Salad. If I could sum up this salad in one word, it would be: forgettable. Putting price aside ($16) what was presented was some chopped romaine lettuce mixed with some tomatoes, cucumbers and frozen chicken breast chunks tossed in ranch. The tomatoes did seem fresh, but the chicken breast was definitely of the frozen variety in which you could find at your local Coscto. I am still wondering how anyone could justify charging $16 dollars for this kind of salad.. . My Complaint. .  It is not unusual to have people in a large party order various things off the menu as their main dish - appetizers, entrees, soups, salads etc. We had a few people order soup with a side salad as their meal and even a person who ordered a sundae as his meal! With that said, its not unreasonable to expect that everyone's order come out together so everyone can eat at the same time. I guess that expectation was too much for the staff at S3. One person got her soup before anything else came out... finished it, and then got her salad after while everyone else was still waiting for their food! Another friend ordered the Dinosaur Beef Ribs with a side of steamed broccoli. They're steamer must have been out-of-order because she didn't get her steamed broccoli until she was half way done with her ribs! Not only did everyone's food come out at different times, sides of an entree even  came out separately! I generally try to write positive reviews and tend to post on places I feel other people would enjoy. However, wouldn't be able to live with myself if I didn't share the horrible service at S3.
While staying at Caesar's decided to try it despite mixed Yelp reviews. It was absolutely terrible. We made reservations since it is always packed and still had to wait a few minutes. My wife tried the crab and asparagus dip. It arrived cold. It was not edible so we complained and they microwaved it to heat it up. Seriously, they made the cardinal sin by microwaving it! I ordered sweet potato fries. They were horrible - couldn't eat more than one as they were overcooked and tasted like rubber. Deserts look to be their specialty, and that is all they should serve. Way overpriced for really bad food. . . Bottom line, go for the deserts and to be with the trendy crowd but remember I warned you about the food.
came here for lunch this past weekend with a group of 8. Service was s-l-o-w, food wasnt so good, and the waiter was no help. did not come by to check on us and when he did, he refilled 2 of our soda cups with water. when it was brought up to him he just stopped refilling the other 6 cups and disappeared again. Didnt give us our discount for the total rewards program when though we mentioned it to him in the begining and when the check came.... felt like a total waste of time and money. should had deducted the automatic gratuity from the damn bill but lucky for him we didnt! Only thing i liked was the fries.
I'm only giving them a 1 star because I have no choice. I went to serendipity a year ago for the first time and the service was great, and the food was on point. I went a few days ago and it was the complete opposite. We sat down and didn't get greeted by our server for a good 15-20 minutes, after taking our drink orders it took about 10 minutes just to get waters. I ordered the nachos and there was absolutely no meat, just cheese. Then there was confusion with our bill and it was chaos after that. It's a shame that I never wanna go back here again because of that experience.
Just ate here, ordered a ABC Burger and got a dry tasteless turd, the sweet potato fries were horrible, onion rings were burnt too. For dessert I had deep fried Oreo cookie sundae it was good but doesn't make up for the burger. If you want dessert it's ok but that's it!
Hostesses are horrible!!! told us 45 mins wait and people arrived after us was taken care of before us consider the fact that theres only 2 of us.. Weve been here before really loved the food and servers.. but this time hostesses no customer service not even a smile nor eye contact.. Totally disappointed!
The employees seem to hate their lives. We waited 15 minutes before the server even acknowledged us! They need some vitamin D in their lives!
This is a disgusting place. My wife got food poisoning from eating there. . . We had other problems too. It took 30 minutes to get our food (pizza and ice tea). I would have stayed at home an gotten Domino's if I had known it would take so long. The pizzas were small. We paid $50 for two personal pizzas and ice teas. For that much, I would have expected a meal-size portion (not a snack-size), and better quality (not burnt cheese on top of raw dough and under-cooked sausage).
I don't know what all the hype is about.  . . I ordered the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate.  Holy bland!  I could have kicked myself for forking over $10 for it.. . Overrated!!
Where do I even start? From the extremely slow service, the inflated prices, or the below par frozen hot chocolate?!. . It was about 11pm at night and I just came from Mon Ami Gabi over at Paris hotel. I thought I would try serendipity for dessert since it is quite popular and the idea of a frozen hot chocolate is interesting. So me and my cousin arrived at Serendipity and we see a long line outside as well as an empty seating area. I was informed that inside sitting is for people eating in, and the line outside is for take out or basically drink orders. I got in line thinking "this should be fast", "I'm sure they have plenty of staff considering it is summer and the weather is 105 degrees". Boy was I wrong! It took forever due to shortage of staff!! It was finally our turn to order and I got the Amaretto Almond Frrrozen Hot Chocolate because a friend of mine recommended it. It was quite convenient of them not to have the prices on the menu. Not that I am cheap with food, but I would like to know what it is I am forking over for this drink. hahaha. So the total comes out to be $11.82 for the smaller size. Holy Moly!! I was shocked! but too late to back out now, after waiting for at least half an hour to order. Then I had to wait another 10-15 minutes for them to make the drink. I am thinking to myself "this better be the best drink ever!" Again I was greatly disappointed. It tasted like iced down flavored Almond slush. I've had much better almond slushes in OC. Needless to say, I am never coming back here! It was such a waste of time and money! Don't buy into the hype like I did!
There was a 45 minute wait, even when there were multiple empty tables. The food wasn't good and for sure wasn't worth the price. Our waiter was TERRIBLE! He spilled coffee on our table and didn't wipe it up, took forever to take our orders and if we asked for anything he rolled his eyesat us. The frozen hot chocolate was OK- definitely not something you need to wait an hour to get. However, I guess it is cool to say that you've tried it.  I will not be going back.
Deeply disappointed. I came here with a few girlfriends because we were hungry and wanted to try the frozen hot chocolate. I ordered the veggie burger and it was a mess. It took about 30 minutes to make and when I finally got it, the burger fell apart. Right when I picked it up, the bun crumbled in pieces as well as the burger!! The black bean patty was bland and the frozen hot chocolate was just ok. I will not be coming back or going to the other serendipity for that matter. I don't understand all the hype.
Waited forever for a table instead of sitting outside in the sweltering heat. After an hour, our table opened up only right before we sat our asses down, another server came to tell us she had already reserved the table for someone else. WTH!
Since i can't leave negative stars I'll give them 1. . The waiting time was a while, which was understandable because the inside of the restaurant was full. After half an hour, we were finally seated. It then took us another 15 minutes for our waitress to come by and get our drinks. We waited 20 minutes for glasses of water. We waited another 10 minutes to get our order taken. About 40 minutes later we were still waiting for our meal. . Our waitress never came back to let us know how long it was gonna take or to apologize about the wait. She didn't bring us anymore water. She refused to make eye contact with us the whole time. . At that point, our group had been tired of waiting and getting ignored so we left. We went into Caesar's Palace and ordered from the food court. It took us 5 minutes to order and get our food.. I will NEVER go back to Serendipity 3.
I went to outside walk up lines.  Service was bad.  Wait was way too long to receive order.  Food (nachos) were literally thrown together.  Looked like mushy mess.  Pretzel was dry and hard.  Frozen hot chocolate was just a shake in a plastic cup you could get anywhere.  Very disappointing.
I was totally intrigued the first time I heard of frozen hot chocolate. How can it be frozen and hot?! Well.. after trying it out first hand, I conclude that it was a total waste of my $12 (for just a to go cup size)! It was simply a thick powdery super sweet cold chocolate drink! I rather have a glass of chocolate milk ):. . I later found out that this other place called sugar factory also has frozen hot chocolate on their menu- for just $6-7. If any of my friends insist on trying it in the future, I would take them to this place instead. I wonder what big of a diff it will be.
Serendipity- means a "happy accident" or "pleasant surprise"; specifically, the accident of finding something good or useful while not specifically searching for it. . Frozen hot chocolate... So will I burn my tongue while getting a brain freeze at the same time? After waiting in line for a tiny $12 frozen hot chocolate drink I was thinking to myself "this better be amazing." Unfortunately, the drink tasted like I was slurping mixed powder through a straw.  . . Serendipity my @$$! I just got ripped off! Skip this place and go to a super market and buy some milk and choco powder.
Way overrated... Not great service and food was mediocre at best!
Such a bad place. First my friends and I, waited 35 minutes for a table. But we said we will take a table outside. Gee! Then we ordered...server made up for long wait...but when it came time eat...for some odd reason the back of house people did not make my order...veggie burger. By the time I got my food my friends were done. The veggie burger was not great, I had better. The owners really think its business to make patrons wait for a table.
Oh, wow. Where do I begin. First of all, I've been to the one in NYC and it's... a little better. But then again, it's not hard to beat this place.. . Service is some of the slowest I've ever encountered this side of Chinatown. The food is as ordinary as can possibly be. The prices are insulting. It's like a test of how hungry you really are. Despite these details - sometimes there are waits for seating here. WHY? HOW? Though, I get it. People are fresh out of clubs at night and must just be starving. That's really the only reason I can think of. It's awful.. . It almost gets 2 stars though for having a walk-up window to order from. Butit's still slow, expensive, and awful.
Boy was I itching to get to a computer to give this place a 1 star.  . . I know a lot of people want to try this place out because of it's famous NY location.  My opinion is that you're better off going somewhere else.. . It's like 100+ degrees with a decent sized line and the cashier is moving like molasses.  I don't understand how come he is so slow, he is only taking orders...not filling orders.  It's odd when the line at fast food chains can move so fast while this place moves so slow. . And the wait would be worth it if the food was amazing...but it's not.  The frozen hot chocolate (which i believe is their signature item) is nothing more then a glorified frappuccino that costs 2-3x as much as the starbucks version.. . And i got a grasshopper marshmallow mint sundae that was as disappointing as humanly possible.   It's like 50% vanilla ice cream, 50% whipped cream, a bunch of mint chocolate chunks and possibly some marshmallow syrup?  I couldn't even taste any marshmallow.  It's one of those times when you don't know what to expect but you DO know that what you got was awful.
Went for the famous Frozen Hot Chocolate.  The line was VERY long and VERY slow moving.  They have food in addition to the desserts, so we decided to eat our lunch here as well.  The Frozen Hot Chocolate I'd give maybe 3 stars; not great not bad.  EVERYTHING ELSE about this place gets ZERO STARS.  The people working were unfriendly, bordering rude (cashier, cook, and one other person who all spent more time joking and laughing with each other).  My salad had the large stem/base in it, ugh.  2 of the girls in our group ordered pretzels and were waiting by the pick-up window for a good 10 minutes before someone in our group asked how much longer it would be only to be informed that they were out of pretzels.....was anybody going to tell them?!?  I would never go back nor would I recommend this place to anybody.  I'll make you some frozen hot chocolate, save your 4 bucks and time out of your life.
Stopped in here on a very hot day. Line up was very long. Very bored looking hostess took our name and said she would text us when a table was free. Nobody was clearing tables so there were quite a few dirty ones. There were also quite a few clean, empty ones but I guess they text you to tell you a table is free and lots of people don't come back so the tables just sit there empty. Seems very inefficient to me. Meanwhile my son asked for a glass of water and the snotty waitress toldhim he would have to wait until he was sitting at the table. I asked the bartender instead and he politely provided a glass of water. . . Waiter got our order wrong but never came back to check our table. When he presented the bill and we told him, he just shrugged.. . I expect overpriced food and drink on the strip but the service at this place sucked.
The frozen hot chocolate is nothing spectacular. Truly people, probably not worth wasting money at one of the strip's subpar restaurants when there are plenty of other delicious places to eat. . I waited well over an hour (without complaints, as I figured I would and the surrounding area is nice) and unfortunately was seated in the VERY loud, VERY dirty, and for some reason, not-so-packed inside. There were empty tables everywhere, so I'm not so sure what we were kept waiting for? . This place just seems like a glorified Sweet 16 venue and not much else. As 3, 20-somethings looking for (and expecting, based on reviews) a decent place to eat with a little funky ambiance, I felt more like what I was sitting in was a Chuck E Cheese, serving Applebees' entrees. . As for the beloved frozen hot chocolate, you can get the EXACT SAME quality at a Dunkin' Donuts/Baskin Robbins. Is it worth a try? Not really......maybe if you're looking for a place to treat your kids to dinner and dessert and the line at McDonald's was too long.
The way they go through the waiting list and seat people is disjointed and confusing. You think you're going to be handled efficiently because of the cellphone based text notification, but when youget the alert and you go in, no one seems to know what they're doing. . . When you read the menu, you think, "All of this looks so good!" It is not good.. . The best thing we ordered was the frozen hot chocolate, which is initially delicious, but after a few sips, quickly becomes underwhelming and leaves something to be desired. The size for two can easily be shared by four, but $15 for what is basically a chocolate smoothie is still unreasonable.. . My friend ordered the breakfast burger and there were two eggs on it - one of them was raw. I mean, clear white, blubbery yolk, egg-didn't-see-the-surface-of-the-frying-pan RAW. It slooshed out of his burger like snot when he lifted it up to take a bite. . . My other friend ordered the chicken and waffles. She said the fried coating was saturated in oil and the waffles were brittle and crunchy, like it had been left under a heat lamp for too long.. . I ordered the balsamic strawberry waffles. The strawberries were supposed to be soaked in balsamic. They were just regular strawberries and all of the balsamic was poured in the center of the bottom waffle. The waffles were at least softer and tastier than my friend's waffles, but they weren't anything special - they were your typical run of the mill, mass-produced Belgian waffle.. . Four items cost us over $84. This place is a rip-off and the food sucks. The atmosphere is noisy and crowded.. . Here's a good rule of thumb while in Vegas - if somewhere is family friendly and you're not there in a famIly, skip it.
OMG I love this place because of the movie but also because of the Frrrrozen Hot Chocolate.. . This is why I am soooo disappointed and freaked out by my last experience. . . My friends and I made Serendipity our last stop before leaving Vegas. I ordered the Hangover Omelette. I really enjoyed it so I took home the left overs. The next morning, while chewing on a bite, I heard hard loud crunch. I though it was an egg shell at first, but when I felt around and spit it out, I found it was A PIECE OF GLASS ALMOST A CM LONG AND HALF A CM WIDE!!!!. . This was literally right now and I was in Vegas yesterday. . . One side is rounded, smooth and shiny, while the other side is jagged and matte. I think its a chip from a plate or something. I am now freaking out wondering if I have already ingested any other pieces.. . Since I'm not in Vegas and I discovered this at home, I think that calling them and telling them this will just make me look like a crazy person or something.. . This is why I'm compelled to write this review.
Asked to sit outside on Las Vegas Boulevard strip side, noticed 9 open tables there on entry.....nazi hostess said we will sit you on back patio. . . I mentioned open tables where i wanted to sit she said ok, you can wait 45 minutes and sit there.. . What? . . F u serendipity. Found about a thousand other pleasing restaurants 50 feet away.
Went back in August and I TAKE BACK EVERY GOOD THING I SAID ABOUT THIS PLACE!!!!!. . They no longer serve large sizes of the frozen hot chocolate...but they're charging the regular size as a large. How is that even fair? My friend and I complained to the manager, and she gave us a full refund. We then proceeded to the bar, because the wait was 45 mins long, even though the restaurant was pretty empty. My other two girlfriends waited outside for their to go orders they already placed, which ended up taking half an hour for them to get their crappy salad and ice cream sundae. . . THIS ONE STAR IS MEANT FOR THE GUY AT THE BAR. He was really cool and gave us what we wanted the entire time. Thank you.. . Serendipity owners, if you want to keep your establishment in the long run, you might want to hire more servers, shape up your takeout cashiers, and stop raising already steep prices.
This place was a disappointment.  The wife and I decided to give this place a try after seeing it on the Food Network.  Although the restaurant and walk up area was empty, it took a half an hour to get our order.  We got the ice cream sundae and frozen hot chocolate.  It was pricey and way too sweet.  I understand that the desserts here are supposed to be super rich and decadent, but this was overkill to the point that it was inedible.  We probably ate a quarter of our order and threw the rest away.  Also, would it kill you guys to wipe down the outdoor seating once in a while?  Everything was sticky and attracting bugs.
Let me preface the following review by saying that if I didn't absolutely have a terrible experience, I wouldn't have said anything.  This review is also concerning their window ONLY.  I really wanted to go to their restaurant the next time we go to New York, but if this window is a representation of Serendipity 3's brand and values, I am NEVER eating their food again. . . Our experience at the window was THAT bad!. . We were only in Las Vegas for one day and wanted to do all the fun stuff instead of gambling.  I had always wanted to go to Serendipity 3 but we just never got around to it during other trips so we decided to try it.  I was really, REALLY excited about the frozen hot chocolate because I had heard about it so many times from people like Whoopie Goldberg, Jessica Simpson and of course from the movie Serendipity.. . Here is my warning to you, head it if you will: DO NOT ORDER FROM THE WINDOW IF YOU WANT TO GET A GOOD EXPERIENCE!!  I say this after an hour of waiting in their line for below average food.  There was a long wait for the restaurant so silly us thought the window would be faster.  We stood in that line for an HOUR and then once we ordered our food, it took us 20 minutes to actually get a very simple order, which was a chili cheese hot dog, fries and 2 frozen hot chocolates.  Apparently, there was only 2 people working the window for a line of about 50 people.  One girl, who I actually need to commend for keeping her cool.  She was very nice and it didn't seem like the pressure was stressing her out.  The cook on the other hand, was a complete jerk.  It seemed like he was just hanging out back there, not concerned about the line or even caring that people get their food in a timely manner.  He even took off for 20 minutes which is why it took our food so long to actually get to us.  When he came back, he took a sip of his drink and ate some chili, COMPLETELY unconcerned that he had a job to do and maybe needed to do it quite urgently.  Perhaps these are the wrong employees to be working this window.  I suggest getting maybe 4 people who have a deep sense of urgency.  These two lackluster employees are not going to cut it.  I could hear people crumbling behind us about how long the wait was and why were simple orders taking so long.  I felt inclined to get out of the line a few times and didn't because of what I thought I was getting, which was SUPPOSED to be an amazing meal and the rumored delicious frozen hot chocolate.. . This did not happen.  The food arrived to us cold.  This is because nothing is fresh in this poor excuse for a kitchen.  Everything is just sitting there.  The chili was cold (and too sweet by the way,) the cheese was half frozen and not melted, which means the chili wasn't hot enough to melt the cheese, the wiener was overcooked but cold on the inside and the bun wasn't toasted, the fries were soggy and cold, and the frozen hot chocolates, ohhh...... . The frozen hot chocolates were a HUGE disappointment!  The drink itself was pre-made and had been sitting on the counters the whole time we were in line because I could see inside the window.  The whipped cream was good and I guess the drink tasted ok but it was warm because it had been sitting there and it was melted.  The actual idea of the "frozen hot chocolate" is just ridiculous.  It's basically a glorified shake.  I THOUGHT it was hot chocolate with a scoop of ice cream in it! THAT would have been MUCH better!  Instead, I got a watered down shake I could have gotten at Baskin Robbins.  I don't really like Baskin Robbins but in this case, it would have been WAY better than what we were served.  It would have been fresh too.. . The prices are also really outrageous.  $12 for a glorified shake?!?!  After an hour and 20 minutes, we were able to sit down.  The food was completely inedible.  My husband, who normally keeps his cool and tells me to let things go, was outraged.  This coming from a guy who will eat ANYTHING!  We discussed how we would handle this and the possible ramifications and decided that we NEEDED to say something. . . I went to the restaurant and asked for the manager and saw that the inside of the restaurant was WAY better than the window.  It was like a completely different restaurant.  The manager came out and was really helpful.  I told her of our experience and dissatisfaction and let her know that I normally wouldn't ask for a refund because it's more about letting them know so they can improve but our experience was so negative that I was demanding a refund at this point.  She was very nice and said she completely agreed and rushed to get me a refund.  That made the situation slightly better and I appreciate that there are at least people in the main restaurant that know what good customer service is.. . I am really sad that this experience has tainted my want to try this restaurant again.  Even if I go to New York.  Stay away from the window in Las Vegas and I am sure that their food is actually good.
My bridal party and their dates made a special trip out to Serendipity 3 the night before my Mandalay Bay wedding and had, quite possibly, the worst experience I've had at any restaurant ever.  Their staff was rude and inattentive.  Our server, who ignored us most of the time we were there, spilled some kind of disgusting cream all over me (in my bride shirt and sash) and offered no apology or even extra napkins.  All we got was an, "oops" and smile.  Absolute garbage.  The manager, who was slovenly in his appearance, and couldn't be bothered when there were pretty girls in his view, ignored our request for more napkins and neglected to say a word to the server who spilled all over me.  We paid a total of $70 for flat and warm beer (which took 25 minutes to get to our table) and a couple of alcoholic frozen hot chocolates that were so full of flavored syrup, you couldn't taste anything else and a disgusting cream shower from an inattentive, rude service staff.  After our check arrived, we tried to speak to the manager again about our ruined visit (we ended up just leaving our drinks and dessert because I had to go clean up), he offered us no break in the check, an apology from our server or anything else. Oh, he did offer us something...one shot for one person in our table of 6 to make up for it.  Definitely disappointed.  This was one thing I had on my "must-see" list and made a special trip out on my last night out before my wedding to be there...and it was ruined by a rude staff, flat beer and an oblivious manager.  Save your money and get a milkshake from McDonald's.  This place is not worth the wait, cost and disappointment that is sure to follow.  Two thumbs way down.
So I finally got to go to Serendipity and boy was I disappointed. First of all the service started on the wrong foot. We told our server we just wanted dessert and right away she yanked the menu's out of our hands and asked us what we wanted. (Just because we want dessert doesn't mean we don't want to look at the menu and order something else off it) So we opted for the Frozen Hot Chocolate $15. Well I was very disappointed, there was nothing special about this dessert, it was just a frozen chocolate dessert like watered down Ice cream. Man I was so disappointed, I can't believe people actually rave about this dessert! There was nothing special except $15 down the drain. Well I had to finish this dessert, it cost me $15 and boy it took a while for our table to finish.. I know forsure I will never come back to Serendipity. Service was horrible, all the female servers seemed to be in a bad mood, the only thing I noticed at this restaurant was that all the men lookedhappy. If you ever decided to eat here, just got to Max Brenner and grab an Oreo Shake, that is AMAZING!
This is a warning for anyone planning a group event at Serendipity.. . I planned a 13-guest bachelorette dinner at Serendipity. I prepaid nearly $600 for an a la carte menu, and signed a contract beforehand with all the T&Cs. While I read this carefully, I didn't think too much of the statement: "Seating is up to the manager's discretion." I should have paid more attention because it was 100F -- even at night -- when we arrived. And my party of 13 was placed on the patio outside in this sweltering heat while the dining room remained half filled. When I requested to be reseated, the management promised me that they'd move us as soon as 5 more seats became available, yet we watched as walk-ups were continually seated instead. . . While the food was indeed great, it was hard to appreciate as no one was in the mood for eating in that uncomfortable heat. More than half the food and drink ordered went unconsumed. To add insult to injury, someone had the ingenious idea of putting misting fans on the patio to try and cool down the patrons, which just resulted in ruining all 13 girls' hairdos which had been carefully done for the night out.. . Maybe it sounds like I'm being finicky, but when you pay this much money for dinner (inclusive of a 21% service charge!!!), you expect things to go right and to be treated as VIP. This was a complete bait and switch.
40 minute wait for hotdog and burger, others waited longer than us just for ice cream.... $10 tiny burger. Don't do it
This place is seriously overrated and the ridiculous wait is not worth it. Yes, the frozen hot chocolate is worth trying but it is beyond sweet! Overall it was ok, I would not go out of my way to dine here again.
Went here for breakfast, not very good. Hostess was disinterested & quite "short" with us. Food was not good. Breakfast sandwich was a big greasy cheesy mess. Breakfast potatoes were more like blocks of salt.  The wind was blowing outside yet the doors were open & it was chilly inside. Orange juice tasted like it had maple syrup in it - weird. Stopped by the take-out window a few nights before & they had run out of food. Stick to hot dogs & fries here.
This review is based on the frozen hot chocolate.  I first read about it on a 10 things in Vegas you can't miss list, and I found many glowing reviews when I looked into it further.. . There is nothing amazing or life changing or delicious about this drink.  It is not cool or inventive or intriguing.  It is a pretty boring slushy that takes like your typical hot chocolate made from a packet.. . My tastes are usually discriminating but reasonable, and this drink did nothing for me.  I ate the whipped cream off the top, drank about 1/4 of it, and tossed it.  Eleven bucks well spent.. . I am guessing that their regular desserts are fine, but this seems to be some sort of a signature item, and it was a real disappointment.
DO NOT COME HERE!!! Horrible service! Treat costumers like dirt. I went to the hostess and she did not even pay attention to me. 3 minutes later she pretended to make a compliment about my dress. "cute color",  she said. She asked for my name and I put it down. She said the wait is going to be 30-45 minutes. My friend and I went to wait outside. 45 minutes later.... I came back and she told me I did not put my name down. . . The right customer service would say: "I am so sorry. I must of got your name wrong. Lemme get your name now and I'll try to get you in as soon as possible". . However she kept arguing with me that I did not give her my name. We went on like this for 5 minutes. There were only two parties who were Asian and waiting for table. I wore a bright green dress. She came out multiple times to call names and I was sitting in front of her. I am not that stupid to waste 45 minutes of my vacation time in Vegas if I did not put my name down. She did not evenapologize. What a narcissist!!! . . Another guy waited to 45 minutes before me was telling her that she did not call his name and he was outside the whole time. She also argued with him that she called his name. . . I cannot believe Vegas and Serendipity have this kind of customer service. We went to Max Brenner instead and had amazing food with attentive customer service. We had 3 people serving us the whole time. The manager even stopped by our table and talked to us.
Service is an epic fail one after the other starting from the hostess, to the servers and all the way down to the kitchen.. . We came on a monday around noon. We were four people sitting outside while we waited for about 20-25 mins. Not bad..that's what we were told how long in the beginning. We were texted that our table was ready so went inside. We were taken in by the hostess all the way around the restaurant and back outside....just so she can seat us right behind the table we were sitting on while waiting! Thought that was kinda funny but whatever. Waiter came and took our orders....and so it began.... . Food took about 30-40 mins to come out. I got the shrimp pesto pasta. It was kinda bland so I generously poured salt and pepper all over it. My 2 friends got the pizza (I forgot what kind) and my bf got the steak standwich. I didnt try the pizza but it seemed mediocre from my friends' reaction. The steak sandwich was pretty good except my bf ordered medium well but the steak was red. He still ate it bec he likes rare also. Before this, I forgot to mention the waiter forgot to give us napkins and utensils. My friend had to go up to him to get his attention so we can ask for some. We also asked for parmesan cheese and red pepper for the pizza and we never got them. After a while you just get tired of waiting for the server or asking for things you will never get. They (2 different servers) also refilled our glasses with the wrong drinks. They tell you what they were gonna pour but before you can even say no, they've already poured the wrong thing or they tell you the right drink, but the wrong drink comesout of the pitcher. I didnt know whether to laugh or get mad. We were just bewildered by this catastrophic lunch. Customer next to us who was there before us didnt get her order until we were already done eating! As soon as her food came out, she also stormed right out just to prove a point. The main server said the kitchen is backed up. I wanted to tell him that I've been to plenty of really busy restaurants but their service remains excellent. Here, everything just seemed to have all gone wrong!. . The 1 star is for the frozen hot chocolate...that will be the only thing I will ever order from here (if I ever come back) and will order it to-go.
Don't bother! We were greeted by some blonde hostess girl who was being EXTRA rude to everyone who had a question....we asked how long the wait was and they said  it was a 30 to 40 mins but we were on our way out of Vegas so we went to the To Go side....... All 4 of us ordered the bacon cheeseburger which was literally the size of a McDonald's hamburger it came with cheese and bacon no condiments not lettuce or tomatoes with fries an extra large soda for $16 each!!! We could have gone to In n out and spent that much on 2 meals I wanted rootbeer as my drink so They had to give me a small because the rootbeer is more expensive?????. . The banana split my friend ordered was not spectacular I could have made a better one at home plus it wouldn't cost nearly as much.
Simply terrible. Wait time was supposed to be 15 mins.  Turned out to be 25. Staff was overworked and not responsive. Drinks took 10 mins and came slopped over on the saucer. Gave up on 2 appetizers after 20 minutes. Don't waste your time.
If I can give no stars, I would. I'm still trying to figure out what the fuss is all about. All this place has going for it is their location. They are located right in the middle of the strip, which catches a lot of attention but other then that, the food and especially the service was not good. . . My husband and I went on a Saturday morning for brunch. We were told the wait was going to be 30 min. An hour later I went to check and they totally skipped my name. Mind you, they took my cell number down to text me when our table was ready. I never received a text but they did sit us as soon as I went to check on our table. Not sure how or why they skipped my name. . . As soon as we sat down we thought we were going to be greeted by a wait staff with menus but we waited for about ten minutes before our not so friendly waitress came over with her sour face and bad attitude. I think she was having a bad day or just hated her job. Nonetheless, her service was terrible. She made it seemed like we were wasting her time. . . My husband ordered a margherita pizza. It came with just cheese. If you want to add toppings, it's a dollar each. We ended up paying $18 for a soggy pizza with no flavor. I ordered a breakfast burger and asked for it medium rare. It came out well one and greasy. It was basically a cheeseburger with an over easy egg. It also came with some sort of home fries but it was so dry and hard. We had to order the frozen hot chocolate. Supposedly, it's what they are known for. It was nothing special. Definitely not worth the long wait. . . In conclusion, there are plenty of other places to dine in Vegas. I would not return to Serendipty 3. It did not meet up to the hype.
Im sorry, the only thing good about here was the staff was nice.  I had a 50.00 coupon that i could have used at a number of places but though why not  here it was next to the show we were going to see.  Love the text message for waiting... but once in the place was dirty the floors and the menu had what looked to be splattered ice cream melted and sticky on it. ordered a t-BLT (clubhouse) the sandwich was HUGE that would have been nice had the bread been fresh and the turkey that was just  ..off. the fries were ok but were a little on the cold side. The total  for the sandwich an extra order of fries one pop  was close to $50, i do wish i went some were else.
I was really underwhelmed with everything in Serendipity 3.  . . Sure, the inside is cute enough, but then you look at the menu and realize that you probably should have gone somewhere else because the prices are CRAZY high.  Our party mostly came for the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, but since it was getting close to dinner, some of us ordered actual food too.  I would advise you to get your meal somewhere else and come here for dessert, if at all.  . . You would expect a restaurant of this popularity to have some quality control.  But no, my friend ordered sweet potato fries and they were hard as rocks.  luckily, our waiter was understanding and sent her a new order right away without question.  A Las Vegas native advised me to skip the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate and get a different dessert, but I stubbornly said that the hot chocolate was what I had come here to try, and I might as well since I can't come here a lot.  Boy did I regret that! For $11, I ordered the Oreo Frrrozen Hot Chocolate, and it was pretty enough.  After drinking a bit, I realized that I could easily make this myself.  The ice wasn't that well blended, and it was mostly whipped cream.. . Serendipity 3 appears to think they can get away with having inflated prices with sub par food because there is a lot of hype surrounding them.  They may have duped me into it, but don't let yourself be next.
After foregoing the 45 min wait to sit inside, I decided to try the outside take-out window. You would think that on the last Friday of the year, when Vegas is more crowded than usual, there would be more than one person working the counter. Well I thought wrong as I stood patiently in line in 46 degree weather. I could see one guy taking orders, working the cashier, AND preparing the food. After a 25 min wait I finally approached the window only to be told half the menu items were sold out! Really?! So I ordered the Frrrozen Hot Chocolate to see what all the hype was about. I am sad to say it was not worth the wait or $11! Very dissatisfied. The only positive is we didn't wait 45 min to be seated inside.
Do yourself a favor, go somewhere else and enjoy one of Vegas' numerous other food spots! I didn't want to write any negative reviews but I feel like I'm obligated to other foodies out there to write this one.. . came in on Sunday around 430pm and waited about 40 mins.. . Came here last year and got the frozen hot chocolate and it was soo good we ordered another. This time it tasted worse than something I'd make at home with some cocoa powder. What happened? Not only that but it looked smaller than we remembered.  We asked the waitress if they could add some more cocoa or if there was anything they could do and she explained twice to us that they use powder, and ice. Ok great so I know that but maybe they could add some more powder or whatever.  Instead of making it seem like we don't know what we're talking about, maybe that waitress could have responded differently.  $15 down the drain for one cup of ice blended powder!!!. . We also ordered a side caesar salad ($6) which came out soggy.  WTH? I could have bought a supermarket salad for half of the cost and it would have definitely been fresher.  If an easy salad could be botched, I'm thankful we didn't order anything else, especially because this place is expensive.
Ordered the nachos with no meat. I was craving them badly and was totally disappointed because they were nasty as hell and cold. They were topped with a massive amount of sour cream, barely any nacho cheese, whole black beans and jalapenos that had zero taste and spice. Never eating here again, but then again why did I eat here when there's world class cuisine in this city?! My bad.
Okay, definitely one of the greatest food disappointments I've experienced ever. For years I have heard of this infamous Frozen Hot Chocolate that I so deeply regretted opting out of during my visit to NY a few months back. So even after an enormous buffet lunch and an almost as equally large Thai dinner, I made sure that I could squeeze some of this drink in me. I am so sad to have wasted my stomach space.. . The Frozen Hot Chocolate is nothing but a glorified Starbucks Frappuccino for triple the price. The cup size is way smaller than I had expected for an $11 drink. Perhaps you pay for the ambience and experience when you sit in the restaurant, but the to-go line is a definite no-go. The whipped cream is also coming out of a generic brand can, so it's also great knowing that you're paying for such fine quality. And the worst part of the night was the unfriendly worker who wouldn't give me a cup of tap water so that I could somehow manage to finish the overly sweetened, overly expensive, overrated cup of chocolate in my hand!
You would think that after all the hype and attention Serendipity in NY and LV has been getting over the past several years, they'd put more attention and profits into improving their restaurants... nope.. . Both the NY and LV locations did not impress me. But on to focusing on the LV location today:. . Went on Christmas Eve for lunch at 12pm with my mom and my friend. . - Service: Hostesses were stuck up. However, they did do their job. Their told us it would be a 20 min wait and it was about a 20 min wait. When we came back we got seated. So can't complain too much. Our waitress was pretty bad. It took her forever to come greet us and asks if we wanted any drinks - only to realize that the hostess forgot to give us food menus and only gave us the menus for the alcoholic drinks. My mom ordered hot tea and it took her 2 trips back to remember to give it to her. It wasn't even that busy when we went. Since my mom and I were sharing a meal, she told us she'd come back with extra plates. "Oh, well that's good..." I thought. Nope, she came back with plates - dirty plates. "Whoops," she said, "let me get you cleaner ones." Came back and the "cleaner" ones still had some dry food stuck on it.. . - Food: I ordered the Las Vegas steak strip sandwich... the size of it was fantastic BUT the taste was very mediocre and quite bland. The worst part was that it was super oily. I ate about 1/5 of the sandwich and got full due to the greasiness of it. Got pretty nausceous for the next few hours and didn't get hungry again until midnight. That's pretty bad. The sweet potato fries were okay. The frozen hot chocolate was worse than the NY one because the cup was pretty much 1/4 frozen hot chocolate and 3/4 whipped cream. And I had to pay like $10+ for the stuff. Disappointment.. . Bleh. Never coming back unless they give me a free meal.
Well, let me start by saying that me and a few of the girls in my bday party decided to go to Serendipity on a whim. I was starving and it was literally one of the first places besides Margaritaville that I saw. It was way too early, at 11:30am, for margaritas (although I know it's Vegas--I had my share the night before), so we went to Serendipity. It looked cute and I thought they were serving brunch (it was Friday). . . Anyway, we go in and the front is packed, but when we came through the back way there seemed to be a ton of seating available. We were told that the wait would be 30 to 40 minutes. We decided to wait. Anywho, about an hour later we were pretty annoyed so we went inside to check our status. We were told we were coming up next, yet about four other parties or so were seated ahead of us. We basically waited another 20 minutes. At this point I'm beyond annoyed (did I mention it was my 30 bday and I was nursing a slight headache so the fact that I had no food was turning me into a beast?). We are finally seated and it takes a little while to order our food, and then forever to get it. Turns out that they didn't have brunch so I had to order from the lunch menu. . . I ordered a burger that had avocado and caramelized onions. I think it might have had some cheese on it as well...this immediately tells you how I felt about the burger. It was so tasteless and forgettable. I mean, I tried to put salt on it to bring out some flavor and it just went nowhere. . . I don't recommend this place. There has to be other spots that have way better food, with less wait time.
I am sorry but based on their lunch prices and offerings this place is a total joke. My sister ordered the Caesar salad for 17 dollars (Plus 3 more for chicken) and it literally came as a whole head of romaine lettuce leaves stacked on top of each other. Not cut at all. She had to sit there and make her own salad. I felt terrible for her. It was such a rip off. How anyone could charge 17 for romaine lettuce leaves and then not even try to pass it off as a salad is beyond me. Plus the waitress was rude and our tab was still over 100 dollars. This place is only decent for breakfast (best breakfast potatoes I have ever had) but I will never come back. Such an overrated, overpriced disappointment.
Completely out of control expensive!  Why do people wait in line for normal burgers, hot dogs and nachos for $11 each?  Insanity to pay these prices!  Stood in line for over 15 minutes to decide that it was insane to purchase anything!  You people are crazy for allowing this place to even be in business still!
Accidently spilled a drink on the table and it took asking the servers and fifteen minutes to get any service. Food was not notable. Average food at high prices. Location is nice though. There are better options on the strip.
what's with all the hype?. . It's a daringly awful frozen hot chocolate gimmick in a cup...for ELEVEN (that's right, 11, one one) American USA dollars.. . oh Serendipity, it means pleasant surprise alright. In that you'll be surprised at their hiked up prices and terrible drinks.
Probably the most overrated place I went to on my trip. Many of my friends told me I need to go there for their famous Frozen Hot Chocolate. For all the hype and $11 later, I got the most expensive chocolate milkshake I've ever paid for (and it wasn't even that good). We tried to get seating in the restaurant, but it was at least a 30 minute wait, so we just decided to go to their side window and do takeout. Took them a while to come over to even take our order, but once they got it the milkshakes came out quickly. My Frozen Hot Chocolate was really sub-par, and certainly a very disappointing moment as all the hype was surrounding it. My friend who had the Frozen Hot Chocolate at another Serendipity 3 even commented that this place was really not up to snuff in comparison to the others. . . My advice would be avoid this place despite people saying how good it is. Unless you are a chocolate milkshake connoisseur and cannot live without one, try to get your dessert somewhere else.
This place is overpriced. The steak sandwich had no flavor. The beef was tough and  tasteless. For $23 a sandwich I expected better. Some will say you have to pay at least $30 for a good steak, but I don't care. Good food is good food. If you are known for something, then you should do it well.. . The Forbidden Broadway Sundae did not taste good. It was basically a bowl of fat.. . The music was too loud too.
For a Thursday night the restaurant wasn't busy but we waited 50 mins. To be seated.  Once we got seated it took another 15 mins for our server to get our drink order but at that point we already decided what to order. He was nice, but took forever. They looked short handed, but no one was in any hurry, including the cooks. It took over half an hour to get our food, and after getting the food, we were ignored for another 30 minutes. When we asked for water at the waiter kiosk, which we had to approach to ask, a hostess offered to give us water, and another waiter stood there and made fun of her instead of helping. We wanted dessert, but after waiting for 2 1/2 hours to get to this point, we gave up. Then we had to wait 15 minutes for our change! This was pathetic for anyplace, especially a supposedly great place on the Vegas strip. Sorry, but ignoring your customers will just fail to get you any more
OVERHYPED AND DEFINITELY OVERPRICED! I cant believe we waited 40 minutes just to order crap that we didnt even eat. not to mention the stupid airheaded hostesses were obnoxious and rude. once we received a text that our table was ready, we went to the front desk to be seated. I said hello and both of the hostesses ignored me and carried on with their conversation. Luckily my friend pushed her way through and they saw her but again the hostess didn't even acknowledge her presence she just took the menus and walked to the table. Not even a follow me or a glance in our direction. FAIL! COMPLETE FAIL!. . 2 frozen hot chocolate, mochaccino frozen hot chocolate, pasta dish, nachos, and buffalo wings came to a whomping 90 dollars before tax and tip! WTF?! The food was disgusting, we didn't even touch the wings and barely ate the other two dishes. we wasted hella food and money that we could have used somewhere else. . . the frozen hot chocolate was the ONLY thing that lived up to the hype but save your time and money by just going to the take out window. DO NOT DINE HERE!
First I had to send back my water, it tasted like straight up dirty tap water and had black floaters in it. Next had to send back my salad that came with a black hair in it. Last had the frozen hot chocolate that was a step below store bought cocoa mix with cheap tasting whip cream. Definitely not impressed, is clean food too much to ask for?
Wow this place is over-hyped!!! Should have gone to max brenner!! $12 for a mediocre chocolate shake! Honestly, it was nothing special at all!. . The only thing that was good was the Sundae with a chocolate cake in it.. Also the software they use to seat you is nice. And the wait was shorter than what they had said.
I think one time was enough for me. Poor Service always does me in. With so many other options in Vegas, why waste you time here?
Wow, may I say....definitely overrated?. . I was determined to try this place after hearing people rave about their delicious desserts. Not too hungry, I went to their window to order a cup of their famous frozen hot chocolate. Firstly, it took forever for them to prepare my drink. Secondly, when it was finally ready, the kid at the counter called out a frozen Oreo hot chocolate. Normally, I would not say anything, but since I paid $11 for a blended frozen beverage and went out of my way to try this place, I wanted exactly what I ordered. The kid at the counter (who also took my order) then starts arguing with me, claiming I ordered the "Oreo". He then proceeded to call the attention of his manager, also a kid, and she also gave me a hard time about my order although she was relying entirely on the kid who took my order. . . All in all, I felt berated and unnecessarily confronted over re-making my drink that probably costs them less than $.50 to produce. Don't let kids handle your business. I will not be back.
Service is really bad people have a attitude the food taste like its been re heated. And pasta was reated from out side and when eating it it was cold I'm sorry for being honest :-(
Just like so many first timers, I was extremely excited to try this place. I just wanted to go. So many great words were expressed about this place that I found myself craving to try this experience out. my GLUTEN FREE AND VEGAN folks, stay away if you're going for dessert. I was really hoping that I would be able to find at the very least two orthree different options what I found was a scoop of sorbet was my only option. Even though I was kind of heart broken that I couldn't fully experience this cute little place, I went ahead and ordered my sorbet ... Well, my waitress forgot to bring it out. She brought out everyones food ( which I couldn't order anything) and then when she brought out dessert mine was missing. By the time she came back my friends were done with their meals and desserts that I had to tell her to forget about it. The place is really cute, the view of the strip is nice ( outside patio) but the service wasn't great and their aren't really options for us Gluten free and Vegan people. Want to go for the decor? I say go! cute little spot and it is an experience, but prepared to make your tummy grumble and growl if you are a Gluten and Dairy Free person.
waited in a relatively short line b4 being waited on after 25-30 mins...bc waited so long, wanted nada...then, my two friends got a frozen hot chocolate (tasted grainy n dry...worse than starbucks n almost $10 more expensive) n a sundae (mediocre for $15).  also, after waiting as long as we did indicated above, the window server says, "sorry I'm the only one working so we only got certain things available.....................". wow cut ur prices in half n I'll MAYBE CONSIDER waiting...forever...at  this place.
OVERRATED.  Stood in the take out line outside for 45 minutes for a weak frozen hot chocolate.  While it cooled me on the one night it was warm... The chocolate taste was majorly lacking.  The only reason I drank it was due to the peanut butter and whipped cream.  Not worth your time or $11... At least I can say I tried it.  Next time I'm in Vegas I'll skip it.
Worst service I have received in a Long time. Lousy kitchen management, please check your cups had fishies in mine
Hopefully the service has improved since I was last here in April 2012. However, I'll never know for sure because I'll never eat another meal here again. Although this Yelp review is over a year later, it's just a cut/paste of a Facebook post I made the day of.... . Got seated. Waiter asked for our drinks (water) and we ordered food at the same time. Got water 30 minutes later, only after having to flag someone down because our waiter was never on the dining floor. Got food 10 minutes after the water and wanted refills on our drinks. Didn't see waiter for the next 45 minutes after getting our food. No point in getting a drink refill anymore because our food was finished, so I asked for the check. Received check 20 minutes later. Place my credit card in receipt holder within 30 seconds. Waiter picks up check 20 minutes later. $53 tab. I leave three cent tip out of spite.
Sad story! Very much different from the original Serendipity in New York. The novelty and charm is totally lost here. From the ambiance, to the food, and service, everything here is disappointing. . . The frozen hot chocolate has always been a favorite here but it seemed to have lost its umph. It doesn't taste as good, the size has gone smaller, and price is too much. Because of a bad experience with their service in the past (really slow and they just don't care about you, period!), I went straight to their take out counter in the back to order the frozen hot chocolate. My oh my, same sad story. There were two windows with two lines but no sign saying which window was for ordering and which one was for food pick-up. No staff on the window counters to ask either. Eventually you'll see food come out from one of the windows and you'll figure it out. My turn to order and no greeting whatsoever. The lady was just staring at the register waiting for me to tell her my order. Just horrible...
I guess maybe because we were in a hurry to eat we tried here. The food is ok, certainly not bad; I just didn't like it and it was super expensive. We got two appetizers and a milkshake and it was $44 without tip. I get that it's the strip but you can do wayyyy better for your dollar pretty much anywhere else.
First, there was no system for adding your name. We walked up to the podium and the girl walk right past us and started taking names from random people on the patio with her ipad (there is no discernable line).  We had to wait an hour when they estimated 45 minutes. Once we got called in, we sat for 10 minutes and no one had even taken our drink order.  This place is overpriced and inefficient.  I had a much better experience going to Mon Ami Gabi at the Paris.
Ugh, after seeing this place on Tanked I had decided to check it out, bleh what a waste of time and money, the food was horrible and the service was worse. Our waiter kept checking on the table next to us and we were forgotten. The person who brought us our food just slammed it down and walked off as if we were bothering him from doing something more important. Then we had asked to speak to the manager and he didn't give a rats ass either. I do not recommend this place at all. We went on Saturday the 25th.
Sorely disappointed. . . I went with five other ladies and upon ordering, my friend advised of her nut allergy. The server advised that the only nuts in the thai chicken skewers were in the sauce, served on the side.. . After her first bite of chicken, my friend was not feeling well. . . It took the manager to tell us that the chicken was basted in peanut sauce!!!!. . The server was unapologetic. The manager at least expressed concern and offered to get help. . . As for the rest of the food, Vegas-sized portions. Run-of-mill stuff.
I went here because I've had so many friends and colleagues rave about this joint. First of all, it is packed, like literally out the door packed. I come in, give the lady my name (mine was a two person party, much smaller than the five-six people groups coming in), and she tells me it'll be ten minutes tops. Alright, ten minutes rolls by, and people who had come in after us are being seated, and we don't hear anything. I finally confront the hostess, and she makes some bullcrap excuse about me not hearing my name. I was standing right next to her and looking right at her the whole time we were waiting.... . So, we are finally seated, and bad service aside, we thought we'd enjoy the food. Wrong! I ordered something along the line of a polenta benedict with baconstrips. I've made better at home. The polenta was over cooked and dry. The bacon tasted like the way your dog's bacon treat smells. The poached eggs were probably the only thing done right. I also got the Tiffany expresso. It was literally a shot of expresso top with a small dollop of whipped cream and exactly (yes, I counted) seven jimmies. That's it. For 6 dollars. I would not even be so offended had the expresso itself actually been good, but it tasted like the sub-par stuff they give you at Starbucks. You know, the kind that leaves a sour after taste in your mouth.. . My girlfriend's breakfast was just as horrible and unsatisfying. She got the Eastide Western omlette, and it was just bland! Her cappuccino was entirely tasteless as well... . This place is not at all worth the hype, time, money, or horrible service you get. Do not be fooled by the flashy colours and your friends' lies! If they tell you this place is good, they probably have horribly low expectations in dining.
Oooooh noooo.  Had such high expectations and was so disappointed.  Loved the movie Serendipity and the outdoor pink patio looked so cool and fun that they suckered us into coming.. . Our story.... we came in for a late lunch.  Right upfront the waitress mentioned that it will be a while before we get our food because they are busy.  Once she left, I looked around only to notice that they were only half filled to capacity (since the majority of their seating is outside and half of the outdoor tables were empty)  Go figure.. . We ordered an appetizer, salad, and we were going to split the hamburger.. The appetizer arrived, and the hamburger arrived.... salad never made it.  Once we finished eating, we finally caught the waitress and asked about our salad... she apologized and said she would take it off the bill.  Take it off the bill????  Wow.... how generous of her considering we never received it!  . . It was comical because when she said that, she was acting as if she was going to do us a huge favor by not charging us for that salad.. . In addition, she had no sense of personal space....not sure if she was hard at hearing or what, but when we were ordering, she was leaning down right in our faces.... It was very annoying.. . About the food.... bland!  Our hamburger was dry, the soda was flat and seriously, the cookie dough sundae could be made at home and it would have tasted much better than theirs.  Seriously overpriced.  Months before, I tried the Carl's Jr. hamburger version of what we ordered here and let me tell you, Carl's Jr. was a 10 on a 1 to 10 scale and this was a 1.. . There are so many delicious restaurants to choose from in Vegas so I am shocked as to how little they care about good service and food here.. . I think it is a good idea to look at Yelp before going into a restaurant because if you see the average is 3 out of 5 stars, its safe to assume that nearly half the people weren't satisfied.  That's huge.  Most of my favorite restaurants do have 4 or 5 stars... this isn't one of them.
Awful service, the laziest hostess & servers I've ever seen, save your money folks as this place is a big overpriced joke!!! The stoner hostess was at least a little funny as she stared off into space while I complained, these places know that they can get away with poor service because of the constant flow of new people, I'll never stay at Caesars again because. of this shitty tourist trap
Well. This was disappointing.. . I guess it's a good thing this restaurant is in Las Vegas, because I was already expecting to spend exorbitant amounts of money on really stupid things that I would grow to regret, and that's exactly what I did.. . I was looking forward to trying a frozen hot chocolate at Serendipity 3. I love dessert, and it was about 6,000 degrees outside. The restaurant was conveniently located just outside of our hotel, so we trudged our way over and placed our orders at the take-out window in the back (for those customers who are not in the mood for a sit-down meal). We then forked over $11 each, received our drinks (the basic Frrrozen Hot Chocolate) and trudged over to the seating area closest to the water misters.. . Maybe it would have been better to sit down and order inside the restaurant. Who knows? All I know is that I was very saddened by my frozen hot chocolate. Because that sounds really fancy! That sounds like it should be exotic and delicious! But after a sip or two, it dawned on me that we'd totally just spent $11 on a glorified chocolate milkshake that was probably worth $2-3 at most.. . There is nothing interesting, exciting or innovative about the frozen hot chocolate at all. It's not even that tasty. I had been taken for a ride. I will be happy to never return to Serendipity 3.. . But I do like the font they use on their menu.
We rented a room in Vegas at Caesars Palace They gave us a room with a broken bed, the shower was putting more water at the bottom than at top.  The room had a window that was the whole wall, but they had a water tank as our view. the room was from the El Capone's era.  We had made the reservation about a month ahead.  We complained to http://Vegas.com and they said it was the hotels fault, we complained to Caesars an they said it was the people we had the reservation through, the managers at Caesars were very rude, I did get an upgrade but I had to pay for the difference, I had the worst Customer service from the manager. We had 3 persons in our party but the manager refused to give me the 3rd key until I apologize, I refused and never received the 3 rd key.  the hotel is supposed to be a 5 five star hotel this is not true.  Please do not stay there is not worth the hassle when you are on vacation.
$10 milkshake.  About three sips of milkshake and half of the small cup was whipped cream.  . . Tremendous rip-off, even by Vegas standards.  Get thee to Burger Bar for a fantastic milkshake.
After living in Vegas for 5 years, I finally decided to check out Serendipity. Everything is so over priced. It was mediocre at best. For the price, I expected a lot more. Definitely the first and last time I'll ever go.
Go across the street to Hash House A Go Go. The food isnt anything I cant make in a dorm room with a microwave. The wait was 45 minutes, which didnt surprise me. What did surprise me was how rude our waiter was. I've never had an incident ever in my life with a waiter that didnt want to be there, didnt want to write four extra words onto his order ticket, forgot to fill waters, doesn't check on us at all (except at first when only half of us had our food), and takes 20 minutes to figure out how to split a 6 person check in half. I actually watched his brow furrow when he tried subtracting an even $40 from $100. Aside from just a shoddy waiter, our backs were literally touching the backs of the people behind us (tables poorly laid out), tables and floors were sticky, hostess was rude, nearest restroom was outside of the restaurant at the end of a garage/tunnel
Worst experience ever. Service was worse. food was cold. workers were rude. food wasnt as good as talked about. never want to eat here again. ridiculous wait also.
Are... You... Serious....... . Why in the world is this place so popular? I really wish it wasn't so I wouldn't have been tempted to go and waste my time and money!. . 1. Took them 15-20 minutes to bring us water. We just came from a pool party and we were SOOO dehydrated. It shouldn't really matter where we came from, everyone is dehydrated in Vegas, it's a desert! Hello! Can we please have some water ASAP?! . . 2. Food took a million years to come out.. . 3. Food was mediocre, at best. The $30 ribs were so dry they tasted like dirt. The pasta had no flavor. The omelette was okay. The burger was okay too. But we could've gone somewhere else and paid the same price for much better food. REGRETS!. . 4. The frozen hot chocolate they brought me (the only thing I really wanted to come for) looked and tasted TERRIBLE! Well, I guess it tasted alright... Like icy hot chocolate basically. But RIGHT when they brought it out, it was melting all over! I couldn't even get a good picture in. I had to send it back. I have NEVER sent back anything in my life, but I was NOT about to pay $15 (is that how much it is?) for that.... No thank you... They brought the tables next to me prettier frozen hot chocolates. Why did MINE suck?! Whatever, saved $15 I guess.. . Don't waste your time, people! Go elsewhere. . . Extremely disappointed as I was really looking forward to trying this place!
I have out of town guests no less than 10 times per year. The last time I went here, was the last time. Service was so horrible we left before even getting our food; our waitress took our order - a burger and a veggie burger and then never came back to our table. 45 minutes, she walked by multiple times as everyone around us got food and refills. Our glasses empty, no explanations until she saw us get up to leave and sprinted over to beg us to stay, because she forgot to put our order in. I politely told her no, we had been there over an hour counting how long we waited to place our order, and that enough was enough, that next time that happened to her she should make her customers aware and maybe offer a water refill. No offer to speak to a manager, the hostess clearly didn't care either since we were seated beside the hostess stand, and my tweet to the restaurant went unanswered. I'll take my local dollars, and my tourists' dollars elsewhere.
Worst service. Had reservations and was bring our child to celebrate her Bday.  Had to walk out after an hour of waiting.  Manager was passive and didn't care.  DO NOT GO HERE unless you have to do the touristy thing!
Ah, what idiot of a restaurant does NOT turn on their fans for outside seating until 11? Sitting at the restaurant now sweating while trying to enjoy my breakfast. Note to serendipity, turn on your fans! It's the desert, it's summer! WTF! . Food is not that bad, but hard to enjoy because it's soooooo damn hot!  Service is eh. Nothing special.
One star because the food is really delicious. Otherwise, the service is terrible. We waited for a table for 40 minutes at 3:00 in the afternoon after being guaranteed 20 minutes (a party of THREE). Our waitress was apathetic at best, completely forgetting one of the items I ordered and leaving our table before we finished asking questions. Not worth your money.
Overpriced, crowded, loud. Three words that perfectly describe this place. I ordered the frozen hot chocolate for two to share with my girlfriend. Thinking it would be a bit on the sweet side, I ordered a pot of tea to share, also. It took forever for the drinks to come out, and it was quite comical when they ran out of tea pots and had to scramble for it. The frozen hot chocolate sucked. It was too watered down and half of it was whipped cream. For around 25 bucks total, I would much rather get drunk on something from Fat Tuesday or gamble some more (andget free drinks + tip) than drink a crap "hot chocolate" and stay sober...Never again.
Everyone makes a big deal about this place but their service sucks at the restaurant and also on the to go windows. The only reason we went back wasbecause we liked the desserts and nachos but when we ordered nachos they said they didn't have some so we asked for chili cheese dog the girl also said we dont have that either. How can a very known place like this not be well stocked. I was very disappointed i dont think ill ever be going there again.
Wife and I visited here two days ago.  We waited an hour for our sandwich which was not properly cooked (steak sandwich with the meat barely cooked and bloody).  Our desert arrived an hour late.  When we talked to the manager, he just smirked "the was not even cooked huh" after seeing the bloody mess on our table.  No apology.  What a disappointment for an anniversary dinner.  Never going back!
If you think this place is good you should try Sonic Burger.  Better food and better service there!!!. What's the hype about?
Save yourself the terrible service, overpriced food, and awful experience, and go somewhere else. Definitely not worth it, especially if there is a wait. . . After waiting nearly an hour to get our food after we placed our order, our food came out. I would have been willing to give this place 2 or 3 stars if the food was at least half decent, but it wasn't. Our burgers were extremely dry, the chicken satay wraps were tasteless and cold, and my sister's fries were dry and stale. I was hoping that after the long wait, at least our food would be good, but it seemed like it had just been sitting out forever. . . Frozen Hot Chocolate: . My best advice would be to skip their frozen hot chocolate and instead, go to Godiva and get their frozen Dark Chocolate Decadence shake. It tastes better and costs less than half the price. We got the frozen hot chocolate to go because we wanted to get out of the place. The frozen hot chocolate is good, but definitely not worth $11. Each of us took a few sips and that was all we needed before throwing it away. And trust me, it was not because we were full. . . This was the closest I have ever come to walking out of a restaurant. Our server, Robert or something like that, was probably one of the worst servers I have ever had. My entire family works or has worked in the restaurant/service industry so we usually give servers the benefit of the doubt, but this guy was unacceptable even to our standards. He gave us a bunch of attitude and was not attentive at all. At one point, it was taking so long for our food to come out that my mom asked him to cancel our order. But he told us, "Oh, but it's right there, I can see it". I had a direct view of the kitchen and there was nothing on the counter... but we decided to be nice and say ok. Fast forward 15 minutes later... still no food. He intentionally avoided our table during that entire time and was not apologetic at all. I think he may have said sorry once but it was the least genuine and most condescending "sorry" I have ever heard. . . To end on a happy note, the decor is really cute. Reminds me of an old school ice cream shop.
Awful experience! We were seated after about a 30 minute wait only to wait another 20 minutes at ourtable without anyone acknowledging us. No drinks. No hello. We got tired of waiting and left.
This place SUCKS! We live in Las Vegas and used to go there a few times a year to celebrate special occasions. We were their on Valentines day and is was terrible. Well we decided to give them one more chance yesterday and it still SUCKS. . . From the waiter being unorganized, to waiting 20 minutes for your drinks, to getting dirty dishes, yes dirty side plates (which we had to ask for) and to service that is below par. I am not sure what happened to this place but something has to change.. . I remember this place being busy well not anymore it was a Friday night and it was pretty dead. I am disappointed with this place and sadly we will not be coming back.
Paid $15 for a signature ice cream and it was melted before I even received it. Waiter said it was due to the humidity but really that's no excuse since its Vegas. Not worth your money.
Worst breakfast ever!. went over Monday morning for a breakfast with some friends. Over priced omlets/salads, took the food about 45 min. to come out, and tasted like airplane food... the best part of my breakfast was the toasted bread!
Looks like Sandra C and Jay G experienced the same horrible service as we did.  Sunday around 9am.  They were not that busy but had severabl people waiting outside and empty tables inside.  The check in person asked for a cell phone to text us when the table was ready, yet called out names for others.  People that came after us were seated before us since we did not have our cell phone in hand to know they text us and called names for others. When we were going to be seated outside and asked if we could take one of the EMPTY tables under the umbrella, we were told they were not being waited on.  We asked for an EMPTY table in the corner that was BETWEEN 2 tables that had patrons at (would assume the waitress that was serving those tables could serve the EMPTY table) but were told we would have to wait 5 minutes before they could assing a waitress to our table.  We asked if we could wait while sitting at the EMPTY table.  That bothered the hostess but she allowed us to sit there.  And...YES... we waited... longer than 5 minutes as waitresses passed up our table to wait on the tables around us.  After ordering, the coffee took forever to come--- in paper cups because they ran out of actual coffee cups...with a LESS than packed house....guess that means if they are full at breakfast time...EXPECT TO GET YOUR COFFEE IN PAPER CUPS. The food was delivered...3 of the 4 of us had food.  I tasted my food while we waited...it was COLD.  The food would have been good if it has at least been warm.. Customer service of check in and seating, service at the table, food prep and delivery all need attention.
Waited a long time for the food...6 people dining..half of the orders were incorrect. Wait staff rushed and unorganized. Food was mediocre...rate this one a "must miss"
They close 15 minutes early and will ignore you knocking on the door. We rushed from the fashion show end of the strip to serendipity (a 20 minute walk) and got to the restaurant with 15 minutes to close and thought for sure we would be able to at least grab a to-go frozen hot chocolate but they had shut and locked all windows and doors and the guy cleaning literally ignored my husband knocking on the window 2 feet in front of his face! Horrible service!!!! . . Places that are so flippant to customers don't deserve to stay in business.
Food is ok.. Worst servers ever.
I've eaten here before and loved it - but this trip I'm severely disappointed. Last night my friend and I came for dinner. I ordered the fettuchini Alfredo, it was bland and tasted like plain pasta. But because this USED to be my fav place, I figure I'd try again today for lunch. We were sat at 1:50pm - brunch is served until 2pm. I wanted the orchard salad, which is not on the brunch menu but I figured since our server was taking our order at 1:53... The seven minutes wouldn't be a big deal. Apparently it was. She said she'd have to come back to take our order since brunch was still being served.... For SEVEN  more minutes. Ridiculous. Two bad visits in a row means they won't be getting my business for their overpriced food anymore.
Food tasted bland.bill came out 112.56.... WTF?. customer services was by far the worst.... tip them 10 bucks and left.
place sucks.... if you want to pay $20 for a small burger and fries then come here. way to expensive for  a simple burger.
While the food was as phenomenal as my many previous visits, my personal rating is based on the service received this time around.  While I understand busy banks of people, I don't think it's acceptable to wait 30 minutes for an introduction/welcome and water service.  For the entire dining period, no water refills or follow-up once meals delivered.  I sure hope this is not a trend...
Yes a one STAR!!!!!!!!!! . . I am not very mean but this place took the cake out of all Las Vegas places.... . 1. 45 minute seat time to sit outside, hey we chose to wait so that's not where the stars lie.. 2. We are seated and it takes 15 minutes to get 4 waters and 2 ice tea's . 3. We give our order and she goes off on her way, she barely even looked at us. . 4. 55 minutes later we ask what the status of the meal is?. 5. We get a reply of it's really busy and it will take some time, by this time 2 other tables behind us with 5 to 6 people at the table have come in, ordered and had their food brought to them. . 6. We talk to a manager and he goes well Ill get you a free ice creme for the wait. . 7. We find a new manager who comes over and asked us what the issue was, we informed her it has now been 1 hour and 15 minutes and still no meal.. . Let's be real here, the order never got entered, we waited and waited and nothing good came from it.  The food once it showed up was good, not the best but not the worst either.  I ate there last year and everything was top notch, this is just suck! . . At Chilis when this happened to us, the entire meal was free without us having to ask, just because it's LV they figure screw it nobody will care.  Well we do care, our 200$ next trip won't be going to your joint, we had to ask for a manager to come over, he never even came over to say sorry to our whole group.  The stink part about this whole thing is, I talked our group into waiting for the table, I talked them into coming to this place and at the end I feel like shit because they spent their time and hard earned money for shitty service. . . I hope someone from there reads this...
I just moved to California from New York and I frequented Serendipity 3. When I found out there was one in Vegas I was excited. A little piece of NYC. I even went on there website to make sure they had my favorite sandwich. Summer Brie. So I made the trek. When I got there I was told they don't have it anymore, despite having just looked online. It was very disappointing. Even worse then that I went to talk to the manger to voice my concerns and he could really care less what I had to say. I guess when you have a name in Vegas that's all you need. Oh and the humble pie. Nothing like the real thing. If you are looking for a piece of NYC, go to New York New York. It's much closer to the real thing.
I had the baby back ribs here and got major food poisoning. I spent the rest of the night in my hotel room feeling like crap. They were pricy and not even that good. This place is just too overrated.
So... $17 for a ordinary burger that I finished in 6 bites and a large soda. That should be enough said. Definitely a tourist trap
one sentence: Medium food, bad service, $12 irish coffee and a gas leak complimented our visit.. . longer version: all of the above, plus when we found a hair in one of the dishes, the staff promptly took the dish, promised to replace it and never actually did. when we asked about it 20 minutes later we were promptly brought a plate that had been under the heat lamp so long the plate was too hot to touch. icing on the cake they still tried to charge us for it.
BJ brew house located at Charleston. . service sucks, we waited 20 minutes to drinks and 45 minutes for food. waitress was too busy with too many tables to provide adequate service. Rib eye steak was very fatty. Do not take BJ coupons to this location, they will be not accepted.
Ughhhhhh never. I repeat.. Never waste your time to try this place. The only thing worth trying is their Frozen hot chocolate.. But other then that... Complete disappointment!!!! Guys.. It's rare that I get this mad over food.. But we literally sat down and waited 20 mins for a server to come by and ask what we'd like to drink.. (And she wasn't even our server for the section!) this girl who we finally were able to wave down.. Had said she would go get our server... 10 mins later.. She came back and said "you still haven't been helped?" And decided to just help us.. We over heard her asking another server where the server for our table was... That right there... Biiiig red flag for bad experience waiting to happen.. . . Anyway. We finally got to order.. We decided to share the steak sandwich.. That I see everyone getting... And the frozen hot chocolate as dessert... After ordering we waited what seemed like forever for our food to come out.. They bring us.. The frozen hot chocolate first.. (That's dessert.. What in the world?!) at this point I was so hungry I didn't care anymore., we downed that frozen hot chocolate in less then 5 mins! Our steak sandwich finally came out.. It's really big.. So plan on sharing. But after reading this.. Hopefully you don't even bother to waste your money! This steak sandwich is served on a long baguette that is cut in half.. Then it has two pieces of steak, bacon and an over easy egg on top. Now.. If you the plate looks pretty darn good. But when you eat it.. Your opinion will go south pretty quick! It was like biting into rubber! We couldn't even bite the sandwich. The baguette was hard as a rock.. And the steak was so chewy and rubber.. It was ridiculous.. We had to start using a knife to cut it into small pieces just to eat... And not only that.. We asked for a Medium well steak... My piece came out MOO-ing to me! It was so bloody.. I felt like a vampire .. The blood started dripping and made my bread look all bloody.. I couldn't even eat it! My bf had to switch with me cause his piece was actually cooked correctly.. Ugh! Such a bad experience.... . The service here is horrible.. If you read a review on bad service.. It's cause it is! They run around looking so busy.. But I seriously don't see them doing anything.. And the food here is just plain horrible! Forgot to mention this is my 3rd time here... Everytime their food just gets more & more disappointing... STICK TO DESSERT HERE! It's also super pricey! The steak sandwich and frozen hot chocolate came out to be $40.. Nooooo thank you! Never coming back again!! . . . *quick tip..if you must.. Just order the frozen hot chocolate to go.. Don't waste your time in the restaurant!*
Had the absolute WORST experience here. Only went because out of town family wanted to check it out... We waited an hour and a half for a table outside in the cold. Service was terrible. Started off by announcing a $25/per person minimum order- and said that if you ordered less than that you would be charged a fee. I thought this was ridiculous as one of our older family members did not want to eat but the waitress said she would charge her $25 no matter what. I ordered the nachos (super mediocre at best), the crab and artichoke dip (which tasted spoiled and almost made me sick) and the original frozen hot chocolate (which was good, but not worth the price... Max brenner has much better chocolate drinks). . . When my server finally returned, I immediately sent back my rancid dip, and she offered a replacement entree, so I ordered a hot dog thinking it would come out quickly. After 30 min I still had not received my food, at which point everyone was done eating even their dessert! The waitress again never followed up, so I asked for them to cancel my food completely. . . We waited another 15 minutes for the check to discover we were slapped with an auto gratuity (which she did NOT mention) despite the menu clearly saying there are NO AUTOGRATs. . . I asked for the manager and gave her the rundown on our disastrous meal. She offered to discount the bill, but then returned the bill to me with no discount. Another 20 min ordeal and she have us 20%.... Hardly worth it. . . I would NEVER advise anyone to go here and will not go back ever again. If I could leave negative stars I would.
