Food?  Good.  I was definitely a fan of their Sweet Potato fries with my burger.  . . Ahh the service.  I would like to just say that after this experience I sent an email from their website to the location letting them know about our bad experience, and no one ever contacted me.  Hmmm...what does that say about their commitment to their guests?. .  So I arrive at burger bar with my two sisters and a mutual friend in tow.  We approach the hostess stand and let them know we are a party of four.  So the host grabs the menus, walks us to a table, sets the menus down, and promptly walks away.  Doesn't say a single word to us during the entire interaction.  Not "Your serve will be right with you", not "Right this way guys" Nothing.  Just dead silence.  Awkward.. . So our dude of a waiter comes up and takes our order, our food comes out, and the guy comes back to check on us once.  Everything came out perfectly we tell him.  So as the meal continues, our drinks get empty.  We kind of all glance around, but no one has seen our waiter walk by in at least 15 minutes.. . So finally another server walks by, his name tag read Damien, and he glanced over saw our drinks were empty, and brought over a pitcher of water.  So another 10 -15 minutes goes by...still have never seen our unnamed server...our meals are well beyond finished, and Damien walks by again. . . "Has your server checked on you". . "No". . So he says he'll be right back, and comes back with our checks.  So we pay, and I don't think too much about it until as we are leaving, my sister and I look back and Damien is cleaning our table.  She walks over and politely asked him if he was getting our tip or the dude who took our order.  He informed her that when he went back to check on the server and find out why he hasn't been attending to his table that the guy had left for the night and hadn't reassigned our table to anyone.. . So..thanks Damien for your server and F-U dude who deserted out table.
I've held off on this review for quite a while, but after strike 3 here I felt compelled to finally write my review. I'm sure this might be hit or miss, but at least this experience has repeated itself.. . The concept of the build your burger and of course the Hubert endorsement is a reason that fills the seat, but my love for the Burger Bar unfortunately stops there.. . I have gone on 3 separate occasions and the first 2 I have had issues with the burger and recently it was now my wife who had the "Irish Luck" with Lunch.. . The first two times I had the build your burger and both times they had come out raw vs. the medium that was requested. I normally am not a complainer when I eat, but for something like that getting sick is not my forte.. . Recently I went and this time it was my wife's burger that was red and dripping blood which was inexcusable. She ordered sliders and she even said it best "how can you undercook a small patty"?. . Beyond those experiences, I feel the overall flavor of the burger itself is just not there. I was looking for a little kick or at least something that doesn't leave me looking for a soda or a "dolled up" milk shake. I'm now on the hunt for a new burger establishment to satisfy my requests.
Other then the milkshakes, there is nothing about Burger Bar that would make me want to go back.  Service was pathetic, we waited 15 mins just to get drinks and place our order. The food was nothing special. Aside from a variety of toppings to choose from, I've had better burgers from Five Guys. Even worse then the experience we had at lunch, my husband got sick and spent the remainder of the day and night running back and forth to the bathroom to rid himself of his lunch.. . Save your money and go elsewhere.
The food was bland and the service was slow.  My Mom ordered a shrimp salad, and it had a ridiculous amount of lettuce in it.  The burger was undercooked and had no flavor at all.  I was not impressed, expecially for the prices.
I would like to preface my review by saying that I have no bad things to say about the food.  We opted for the lamb burger and were perfectly happy with the outcome.. . The service, on the other hand, was inexcusably bad.  The bartender was inattentive, impatient, rude and did not listen to us at all.  Worse yet, the manager supported this kind of behavior and had no sympathy whatsoever for what they were choosing to call a "miscommunication".  We waited almost 45 minutes for a burger which we later found out was never even put in because the bartender was not listening.  After calmly inquiring after our burger, we were told that we never ordered one, but that it would be put in on the fast track.  Apparently the fast track meant we would have to wait yet another 30 something minutes for a medium rare burger.  Under the circumstances, I'm not sure if the burger was even good or if we were just starving.
Burger Bar is appropriately located in the shopping mall at Mandalay Bay because that's pretty much the caliber of food you will get here. After a long wait, my burger was overcooked and lacked any sort of flavor. I wouldn't recommend it.
I was really waiting to eat here, due to the extensive burger menu.. We had a party of eight and they told us it was a forty minute wait. An hour fifteen minutes later we we're finally seated.. Sitting at our table we were given our menus but never introduced to our server. Twenty minutes passed as we were passed about eight times by various servers, but never acknowledged. . Luckily, one person in our party called the hostess desk and told them we did not have a server. Within minutes, the manager came by apologizing and finally giving us a waitress. We were even offered a free round of drinks.. The dissatisfaction in my face and stomach was not repairable. . Food was ordered and still wasn't happy. I blame the service solely on the manager. If the manager was on top of the staff this would never happen. The apology of miscommunication is inexcuseable. If the table is assigned to you, you should attend to your table. Burger bar, you got my money today but never again. No matter what city, country, or planet you are established in!
Sliders are the size of a dollar pancake. You'll pay $17 for a smattering of junk beer with subpar ice cream in it.  Another $17 for a good, but heinously, disgustingly overpriced hamburger. Are you paying for atmosphere? Certainly not.  This place is effectively in the middle of a mall. You're paying for Vegas real estate and getting what is, in the world of gourmet hamburgers, pretty darn mediocre food. Save your money for something useful. This place is criminally overpriced for what you get.  They'll charge you for every single add on.
A-holes.  We called to see if we needed a reservations and they said no.  We said we'll be right over.  This was at 22:45 at night.  We took a cab, got there within 15 min and they told us the kitchen was closed.  Ummm, information you could have shared when we called 15 minutes earlier.  . . I had to spend 10 days in Vegas for work.  I sure as hell didn't go back and neither did my colleagues.
After waiting half hour, checking in with our 1 year old son and  6 year daughter's pasta in our hand, they told us when seating us that our children are not allowed to eat outside food.  The food was bought right next door at the pasta place.  What place does not allow a baby to have their own food?  To make things worst, I explained to the restaurant that my daughter was special needs and all the manager could throw at me was health code violations.  This restaurant clearly has no respect for ADA.
Ok selection of beers. The menu looks ok, but after being at the bar for twenty minutes, and watching the bartenders ignore my party, serve folks that were seated after us, and be chatty with each other, we were done. As Mr. Pink would say, busy isn't a word that should be in a servers dictionary. When the server finally came by, we settled up our bar tab and we went elsewhere to eat. Shame, too, because the jalapeno bacon sounded good. But the bar tenders' attitude made it easy.. . Won't be back. Was looking forward to a good burger place in LV, guess I'll keep on looking.
If this is what Mr Keller puts his name on he needs to maybe eat here one time. I would rather go to Red Robin than go back here. A medium rare burger that was brown all the way through and sweet potato fries that had sat under a light for who knows how long. 100% tourist trap Oh and the service Sucks too......
Definitely got food poisoning here.  Went here around 8 for dinner, sat at the bar, ordered the Herbert Keller Burger (buffalo, spinach, blue cheese) medium.  Service was quick, food took a while, burger was more rare than I'd expect when ordered medium, the sides were just barely browned and it had way too much spinach on it, which was kind of cold.  Anyways, it tasted good.  BUT four hours later on my flight back home I break out in sweats and nausea sends me to the toilet.  I know you're warned about eating undercooked meat...  Could also have been the spinach... . . Other 1 star reviews mention getting food poisoning too.. . Definitely will not be back.
Usually I'm a fan of Burger Bar, good food, reasonable prices, great service. I don't know what happened today, but the new hostess at the front desk couldn't have been bothered by an earthquake. After standing in front of her with an inquisitive look on my face, she finally woke up and asked if I'd like a table? As if I was there wondering what the weather was going to be tomorrow in Machu Picchu. After being told there was a 30-minute wait for 2 people, I went next door to Hussong's and was immediately sat with water and chips on the table in under two minutes. I'm going to go write a review on Hussong's after this margarita!
Mediocre burger and foodservice fries. What a below average burger joint. Any inspiration left the building a long while ago. Avoid.
wont be coming back....
Very Disappointed!!! Had been waiting all day to try the Kobe burger. I ordered it Black Jack style with fat frys.  The burger was chewy and it had several pieces of what looked like tendon/grissle/idk but it was bad!!   Definitely not worth paying $18 dollars for!  To top it off I felt sick as soon as we left.  Did not end wel.....
This place had rave reviews according to Mandalay Bay, go figure.  Not only was it over priced for a dry gourmet burger, the service was not great. The fries were just okay.. . My recommendation, try an appetizer first such as the sliders.  This you will tell if you will like the meat and will not be surprised by the bill!. . One star as it is a burger place.. . As previously mentioned in my tip; DON'T BELIEVE THE HYPE.
Not worth the money. The Kobe burger was not season well. It's overrated don't waste your money or time.
My friends and I went here on a recent trip to vegas. Saw all the yelp reviews and figured we had to give it a shot......... . . We all had burgers of various kinds with fries and a soda. None of the burgers stood out because the only thing we really tasted was the ton of salt that had been put on it and the fries. We all three left feeling Ill from the OD of salt.
Not worth it.  Period.  Full stop.  End of discussion.  Saying this is an alternative to Fleur is like saying that a Hyundai with "Ferrari" spray painted on the hood is an alternative to a fine Italian automobile.. . I was fully prepared to love this place.  Had the $60 burger.  Was with a companion that ordered the second most expensive burger.  Had a couple sides/appetizers.. . Again, not worth it.  The $60 burger is very good, but it's worth more like $25 or $30.  Most everything else?  Typical diner fare.  When I'm at a place that serves a 60 dollar burger, and numerous 16-23 dollar burgers, I don't expect to get appetizers out of a food service of America bag, but that's exactly what I got.  Mozzarella sticks at BB should not be the same ones you get at Denny's for 5 dollars. Period.  Eff this place.. . If you want to be upscale, be upscale.  If you want to be a Denny's alternative, be a Denny's alternative.  Mixing and matching the two is just deception.  It's BS.  That's why this place sucks, and I'll never go there again.
The food is delicious but I would not  recommend it because they do not have a knife that will cut the food they won't even bring a knife out to you.  No knives in a restaurant is ridiculous, The knife that's at the table will not even cut a piece of bread, and another thing that I thought was strange   was that on the food network they advertised chicken Thai burger sold here, low and behold when I get here they do not have the chicken Thai burger that is very strange if you Google it you will see it come up with the name of that burger and the name of the chef. Also the restrooms are a long walk.
Came expecting great burgers and was disappointed.  I ordered the Angus with peppered bacon and my friend ordered thr Kobe, both supposed to be medium well (a thin line of pink.) When our burgers came out both were overcooked.  Sent the Kobe back, comes back medium with blood all over bun.  I was willing to put up with overcooked angus but the bacon was so tough and it was too dry. Manager comes out with an attitude, and instead of trying to make the situation better makes it completely worse. And the poor server tried her best. Nit recommended at all. Will not be returning here.
We were very excited to try this place based on all the good reviews we saw. But that is where the excitement ended. First, this is located in the middle of the hotel shopping area and is a walk from the parking garage. Big deal though, it was going to be a good dining experience, right? Wrong!. . The service was ok, but the place was extremely loud. All four of us tried different burgers and they were just ok. None of us thought they were anything special. We also tried a couple shakes but they were nothing to write home about either. But really took us was the pricing. It is outrageous how much this place costs for a burger place. Steer clear of this place, there are much better and affordable places in town for a burger.
2nd post.  Burger Bar has paid to have mine removed.  So here we go again.. . Kobe Burger.......Good, could use more salt.....And when waitress say's it will be bloody, make sure it is.  It was not.. . Swiss Cheese.....Good.. Oyster Mushrooms.....Not-so-good....Tasted as-if-out-of-a-can..... Bun......Very Good....Toasty, potatoey.... Fried Egg....And here is the reason for the low score...... NO YOKE....NO YOKE....I advised both the Waitress and the manager (whom the waitress sent over) and neither of them offered to have another egg made.  The Waitress even said, 'That's the best part."  No shat!!!!!. . Wings.....Great....tasted the Red Hot....Which is how it should be....... . Beer....Was bottled, so it was Great......... . So yelp has decided to filter this review.. DO NOT GO TO BURGER BAR....... So many other places that are doing high-end burgers right....and this place is not.... . From 6-25-2012
