Don't wast your time or money.  There are SO many better places in Vegas.. My wife and I booked on line, looks pretty cool, away from the strip with a nice relaxed vibe.. Red Rock is a complete mess...... First was burned out light bulbs.. The TV didn't work, and the fixit crew never got it working in the three days we were there.. The music at the pool was heavy Gansta Rap.. They will charge you a $28 per day "resort fee" that they won't tell you about until you see your bill.  We checked in late in the afternoon and still had to pay the resort fee for that day.. We spoke to hotel management and got a bunch of talk with no action.
I booked a room for tonight that included tickets to the weezer concert.  I specifically called and asked if my booking included tickets to the concert and was told yes.  I bought this package for my husband's birthday present.  When I checked in I was told my $300 room did not include the tickets after all.  This was obviously overpriced to include the tickets as their rooms don't cost nearly this much.  This is false advertising at it's finest.  The assistant manager ended up coming out and told us the concert was sold out and "there will be no compensation"  I told her I wasn't going to stay and pay for the obviously overpriced room  and the assistant manager cancelled the reservation.  As soon as she cancelled it my husband insisted on some sort or compensation to which she replied "you are not a guest here, you don't have a reservation any longer".  Customer Service at it's WORST!  We asked for her manager and was told us we would have to wait until 2 am.
"I used to love Red Rock..............".  Reviewed August 14, 2011  . Just returned from 4 days with several couples to celebrate a birthday. My husband and I have come once a year for as long as I can remember. We chose this hotel to celebrate a dear friends 50th birthday several years ago, there were 50 of us and we had a glorious time. Fast forward to the weekend of August 11th 2011, and what an incredible disappointment. The staff always stood out on previous visits, always accommodating, not this trip. Here is what we experienced this weekend: when we checked in, we apparently were supposed to be issued wrist bands that allowed the guest into the pool area. That didn't happen, the grumpy front desk clerk overlooked that point, so when we went the pool the next day, we got hassled and had to go to the front desk for them, grrrrrrr. Hassle number one. Next issue, We didn't have any shampoo and our snack tray was completely barren. Called the front desk to complain and was told the hotel was full the week before and they were OUT! Lovely. When I've stayed here before, the hotel always made available free of charge, no hassle, small bottles of water at the front desk or valet. Well I went to the front desk one night to request 2 small bottles of water, and was told by the front desk clerk I was only entitled to free 8 oz waters upon check-in. Well that grumpy desk clerk apparently forgot my pool wristband and my (2) free 8 oz waters because I never collected them and told this 2nd front desk clerk I wasn't issued the (2) gratuitous waters and she refused to give them to me! She repeated (3) times her mantra "you are only entitle to free water upon check in' speech, but finally caved after I made a scene. Next debacle, security wakes me up to tell me they need access to the room because the previous guest left personals in the safe, sure I'm not doing anything other than sleeping, come on in. Next complaint, Red Rock now has a policy they automatically ADD gratuity (18% I think) to your poolside check. When is tipping mandatory. I thought that was discretionary based on the service. I hate this resort now and don't plan on ever coming back. They're cheap and staff isn't trained properly in customer service basics. I spoke to the front desk assistant manager Brittany I think (not sure though I was so irritated) and her remedy to calm down this now raging room guest was to send up a couple bottles of water only inflamed me more. There was lots she could have done, but didn't. I feel like I've lost a good friend writing off this hotel.......but there are plenty more Vegas options, and the few that come to mind don't make you feel like a cretin for asking for complimentary water. Hatchi was fabulous for dinner and the waiter there was outstanding and we gladly tipped him 18%. Jody our poolside waitress was great also and very attentive.
This is for the concert series only.  We went to the Concert for Pit Bull and Enrique Iglesias on Saturday Oct 8th.  After getting there at 7 p.m., ticket said 7:30, we found the line to be through the entire casino.  At 8 p.m. we gave up and asked for our money back as we could not get in still.  The staff at the counter were nasty and non responsive, so back in line.  We got in finally, but not until after Pit Bull finished, there were at least 1000 people in line behind us. Poorly managed by Station.
Made a reservation and was told when I got there that the rate was actually $28 more (resort fee) for things I didn't want (pool, internet, etc).  What pisses me off was that they quoted me a rate on the internet, I paid the rate, and when I got there they demanded more money.  My only recourse was to pay it or leave.  It's fraud, plain and simple.
So I bought the Groupon for this place that stated, "Two adults and two kids under the age of 17" can stay in the King room.  I knew there would be one King Bed, but since they stated two kids could stay for free I assumed they had a pull out bed or at least a couch, because where would everyone sleep?  I called to book my reservation and asked about this, they told me that even though we state four people can stay in this room we don't provide a place for everyone to sleep.  WTH??????? Isn't this a hotel?  I also told them I would pay for an upgrade and they told me I could not and that I would have to call Groupon.  Of course Groupon could do nothing.  Shame on Groupon and RedRock and since I am stuck with this Groupon I will be using it in July so we will see how it goes. I guess my kids will be sleeping on the floor.  They also said, "If available I could rent rolly beds for $30 a night a piece".  Even though they said kids stay free...... and they emphasized IF AVAILABLE!  So rude!  I have never dealt with such rude service at a Vegas hotel before.
Ok, Red Rocks is horrible.  They are arrogant.  And if there ever was a "bait and switch" hotel type outfit, this is it.  We booked the Red Rocks Resort for our stay during a friend's wedding.  The couple had a room block.  We booked the room, then were told that they were sold out, but they would complimentary upgrade us to the next room size (which was a standard suite - about 400 sqft. more).  We received an email confirmation to this effect, so we naturally thought everything was in place.  . . Fast forward 5 months.  We checked in and were told that the amount we were quoted was incorrect, even though we were already charged (it was a prepay).  I then showed them the email confirmation, for which they said they had no record that we were ever offered the rate.  But if we wanted the same room we were quoted, we needed to pay the additional night (which was already paid for in the prepay - evidenced by the email confirmation we had).  I reluctantly paid it and told them I would take this up with their sales department once I got back home.. . Now here's where it get worse.  They were to authorize the room, plus $200 for incidentals.  They did.  That came to just under $500.  Then, I see another $290 authorization, then another $100 authorization.  So, for a $285 room, they authorized close to $600 ABOVE AND BEYOND THE COST OF THE ROOM.  They did this despite telling me they would only authorize $200 above.  The manager said she'd call their card processor and have the hold released.  This was never done.  I spoke with the main manager on the day we were to check out.  He could not explain the additional authorizations either.  He said what the front desk person did was authorize $485 ($285 room charge, then $200 for incidentals), then submitted a charge for the room $285 (which isn't supposed to be done until after checkout).  The $100 charge he couldn't explain either.  So it is a matter of inexperienced front desk people not knowing what they're doing.  . . They say the pool is great, it isn't anything to write home about.  Yes it has a fountain in the middle but it is small compared to the ones at the Wynn and Encore.  The drink prices YIKES.  A screwdriver, a midori sour and an orange juice were $35.  We got the same drinks at Wynn for $26.  A local bar you're looking at about $12 to $15.  So somebody has their hands in the money bucket.  The 18% gratuity was already added for three drinks.  So you're going to take my drink order, come back 15 minutes later and add an 18% gratuity for being slow?  Thank you.  . . The room had a strange smell to it.  The AC cabinet rattled when the fan was on.  So all in all, we had a better stay at Encore.  A way better stay at Palazzo.  This by far customer service wise is one of the worst places I've stayed.  Red Rocks played a game with our credit card account and when I asked them to fix their mistake, they act like they're doing me a favor?  No thanks.  Much better resorts in Vegas that cost less.. . A hotel that claims to be trendy is not that.  The Red Rocks is a frivolous attempt to be ilke the W or other trendy hotels.  Their in room promo video looks like it was made by the lowest bidder.  . . Stay elsewhere.
They are currently running a swipe your card promotion where supposedly "everyone wins" Yeah, like "free bingo" that costs you $2 to play & "free entries" which is not a "win", just an entry. Plus if you did win something & not there they make it hard to find out who won. Also, 1000 points only worth $1? Yeah, play a thousand here and get a dollar, whoopee! Buffet is ok, but nothing special. Not worth the trip to this place.
I truly don't know where to begin.   I'll give you the bullet points:. . 1) Promised an early check-in.  We arrived at 11:30a so we can enjoy the day.  We didn't get into our room until 4:30P. . 2)  We upgraded to a suite to celebrate our anniversary.   The guest bathroom had cigarette ashes and bobby pins on the floor.. . 3) When we got back to our hotel room around midnight  and turned down the comforter there was a FECAL stripe on our sheets.  Management came up with housekeeping and promised to give our room a spotless cleaning the next day while we were out.  . . 4) We rented a cabana to celebrate our anniversary.  We were told we could bring in our own food and drink.  They told us at the hotel that was incorrect information after we spend a good $150.00 of our own.   After the previous nights' DOODY STRIPE incident that didn't go over well with us.   The pool manager said she let us bring our own stuff in but to keep it on the down lo.   Which we did.   Our cabana hostess was lovely and brought us anniversary champagne on the house in honor of our anniversary.  Very nice gesture.   The next thing we know - security is insisting that they confiscate our glasses, and champagne saying there is no glass allowed by the pool.  When we explained that the champagne and glasses (which were plastic btw) were supplied by the hotel he claimed we were lying and that the hotel didn't carry such items.   Basically this 20 something security guy was treating us like we were 21 year old doing jello shots on spring break.   We are in our 40's wanting to relax and have a romantic weekend away from the fam.   He was rude, condescending and tried to bully us.   . . 5) When we got back to our room - cigarette ashes and bobby pins were still on the floor.   When I turned down the comforter this time there was a MENSTRAL stain on the new sheets.  I KID YOU NOT.   I really felt like we were being filmed.   When we called the manager on duty - BECKY - she was beyond rude and wouldn't address the issue.   She refused to see us in person.   My boyfriend then went down to the lobby and she was rude and told him to go back upstairs.   She sent the day manager of housekeeping upstairs and once again they changed our sheets.   We at this point had missed the free shuttle service that takes you to the strip and the manager told us he would arrange for a car to take us to the strip for free.   When we were ready to leave BECKY refused to honor that and was once again rude and short.  . . 6)  After housekeeping left I went to wash my face and the faucet came out of the wall. . . The Hotel Manager was lovely the next day I do have to say.  She met with us - comped our room and cabana and gave us a free stay for a future date.  I do have to say - if we do choose to go back is is SOLELY because of how awesome the hotel manager was.   She was EXTREMELY apologetic and claimed that this was not the hotel she knows and would like for us to see what Red Rock is really about.  Looking at the other reviews one would think we had a fluke stay - but for two solid days with things going wrong over and over again - it is challenging to think that this isn't their norm.   I feel bad writing this review because the hotel manager that we met with was so great but this is our truth and felt I needed to share it.  . . I would love to send the photos of said stains, the broken faucet and the champagne that the hotel supposedly didn't give us but I am not sure how to do that.   Once I figure it out I will be happy to post.   Please don't waste your money and mostly time.  If you are a parent and want a romantic weekend and time is precious to you - then this is not the place to be pampered.
This is strctly a write up on the Red Rock Hotel Buffet. We are locals to vegas and you know the saying if you watch vegas tv "Stations is where locals come to play" so you would think they might be more accomodating.. Either way family of 5 show up at 9pm on a friday night. Not extremely late as most places close between 1030-11pm. The host greeted us and said they were closing down for the night and the food was to be picked up off the buffet line at 930 and the restaurant to be cleared by 9:45. Knowing this was no problem because we had to be at a movie at 10pm. So we paid and as soon as we got to the host to seat us she says I dont know why they let you in we are done seating. So they rushed us to our seats. I think it wasnt till about 15 minutes in and the server finallly decided to get us drinks. Food was mediocre although at 925 they put out hot food. Really nothing spectacular on the buffet line. Salad was a little brown food really didnt look appealing. Nothing like the wynn buffet. Ive tried many buffets and no one has been as rude and the food as bad as the Red Rock. Dont go is my only advice. God forbid you show up close to closing they will give you a hard time and try to kick you out before you get in. Well 935 rolled around and they said it was time for us to leave which was supposed to be 945 but I was happy to leave.
Continuation of my yelping of Red Rock, Nevada.... . We were told within a week we would be receiving our letter stating we were entitled to a free suite for future use.  Just letting you know - Red Rock is consistent.   Their promises mean nothing.    No such letter has arrived after almost 3 weeks.
DO NOT GAMBLE HERE!!  I just left there.  I'm not going back.  I just dropped another $80 on nickel video poker without as much as a 4 of a kind.  NONE.  NICKELS!  That's hundreds of hands!  That's crap.  I was dealt 3 of a kind at least 25 times, saw 4 royal cards several times but couldn't hit ANYTHING.. . I made it a habit of meeting my friends here on fridays as well as stopping by a couple times a week.  What a waste.  It's the only casino I haven't been able to walk away from with a real score.  I'm going to tell my friends we need to meet somewhere else from now on.. . I've won a few hundred a couple times but they always IMMEDIATELY take it back as I kept gambling.  I'm not kidding.  A couple of months ago I hit a Royal on nickels worth $400.  I stayed and gambled quarters and various slots.  I lost everything back within a couple of hours.  My friends and I have speculated about NOT using our gamblers card to see if the luck changes after a win.  I think the gamblers cards are rigged.. . AND the service has gone downhill.  Don't ever expect to get served on the floor around 5pm.  It's some kind of shift change.  The last time I experienced that was last friday when, after about 15 min. i finally saw a server, asked for a beer and waited.  10 Min. later I see her come out.  She stops to talk to a couple and stays there talking for almost 10 Min!.  I had to leave my machine, go over to her and give her a dollar and ask for my beer.  Not acceptable.... . It's a beautiful place, and it has great food... even in the cafe.  But I refuse to go back.  I'm tired of having money stolen from me.  There are too many local bars willing to give you something back once in awhile.
So disappointed with this place!  I bought a Living Social deal for when my friend came into town so that we could stay here, sit poolside and have a mini stay-cation, as I live in Las Vegas.  I had 3 available weekends in Augustthat I could go. I called to make a reservation and all 3 weekends were not available.  The deal expires the last day of August so I asked the reservationist what she thought I should do and she promptly told me to contact LivingSocial and get a refund?!?!?!?! really?. . I then asked for a manager at which point I was told that they wouldn't be able to help me any further [either alerting me to the fact that they've had this issue so much that management has advise the reservations dept not to pass the calls on  OR they have really bad training with their reservationists?-both are terrible].. . So my fun stay cation will be planned elsewhere included w/ all the eating/pooling/ and gambling we planned on doing.. . So now I await my LivingSocial Refund so that I may book another more accommodating hotel.
I bought a Groupon deal on March 2012 to stay at Red Rock this July for 3 days & 2 nights.   I made the reservation over the phone on March, and when I tried to confirm it on the 1st week of July, the rep said the reservation was never made.  I was so mad because I was not able to save the confirmation number when I made the reservation and they never e-mailed me a confirmation receipt! The rep said that the Groupon was invalid and that if I wanted to, he can give me the dates I wanted for $300/night! I was livid when I heard this! Good thing my husband called them again, and we found out that it was like a call center number and the rep I spoke with was possibly looking at a different hotel chain; so I was able to use my Groupon after all.. (Note: when we requested them to email me a confirmation receipt for the 2nd time, they still never did).. . At the check in, the lady insisted to see a copy of my Groupon voucher even though I already gave them the confirmation number when I made the reservation.  She said she still needs to see it even though I have no way to access the voucher since if you mark it "redeemed" in Groupon like I did when I made the reservation, you loose access to the voucher.  I didn't print it initially because I wanted to save paper.  The front desk staff was very unapproachable about this so I had to e-mail Groupon support staff for help.  In order to do this, I had to PAY $1/min for Internet at the hotel's business center, AND $1.50 for printing. The hotel also charges $15 for Wi-Fi unlike the hotels in the strip.. . The Feast Buffet restaurant inside the hotel had very poor selection and the food was very bland. The hotel also had poor noise/sound control, got woken up by doors banging in the hallway and loud music playing somewhere in the hotel.  . . Unless you really want to be AWAY from the strip and all the nightlife, Red Rock makes you feel like you're isolated and confined in every single way.  They don't even have a complimentary shuttle to take you to the strip. Cabs will charge $50 and up for a ride to the strip. . . There wasn't a lot of options in the casinos as well; they only opened 2 tables for Roulette and Craps even though there was a lot of people waiting to play.  . . Good parts: the pool was great, lots of lounge chairs.  The rooms were very spacious and clean, with nice views of the Red Rock mountains.  The bathroom was huge and clean.
This is a 0 star review. DON'T STAY HERE. Absolutely devoid of customer service!!!!. . Our party of 4 adults arrived at Red Rock Casino Resort, a Palace Station hotel, at 10 PM on Friday, August 17. After 10 minutes, the desk clerk informed us that we would have a king bed room even though I had booked a room with 2 queen beds on the phone. The clerk said there were no more queen rooms and promised a roll-a-bed that would sleep two. I asked about compensation, and the assistant manager Mark came over. He offered a two queen room at another hotel (we were visiting our daughter who lives  1/2 mile from the resort, so this would not an option) or a $25 resort credit. We settled for the roll-a-bed option, a guarantee of two queen beds for Saturday night, and at 10:30 headed to our room. At 11 I called the instant help number (actually just an operator). They listened to my concern and connected me to the front desk. I sat on hold for over 10 minutes. Finally talking to the front desk, I was informed that it would be another 30 minutes. After expressing frustration, I was forwarded to housekeeping, where I was told they were busy. One hour after check in, my husband and son-in-law went down to see if they could get the bed themselves. They could not but were told that the bed would be there in 15 minutes or we would receive another $25 resort credit. At 12:40, over two hours after we checked in the SINGLE roll-a-bed arrived. The maid told us there were no more comforters. To her credit, she offered to bring us several sheets. While getting the sheets, she managed to find one comforter.  Using the cushions from chairs and bed, we created a second bed. Again, my husband and son-in-law headed downstairs with pictures of what we were reduced to, and received a $100 reduction in the room rate. At sometime after 1 AM we were finally able to go to bed. The next morning after breakfast, we went back to the front desk to check on our new room. The desk clerk informed us that no request had been made for two queens, and there were none available for Saturday night. After the clerk went to talk to the manager, she came out with no options, and we had to forcibly explain the situation the previous night. She asked her manager to come out. After waiting 10 minutes, I asked our kids to find a reservation at another hotel for that night. I came back and loudly told my husband what the kids were doing. The clerk stood up and brought the manager, Rebecca Mitic, out. My voice shaking with anger, I re-explained the situation. She removed charges for Friday night and managed to find a queen-room, which undoubtedly meant that someone else would experience what we had the previous night, and promised that our bags would be moved from our room to the new room while we were out. When my husband called at 3:30 PM, we did have a new room and we had to check in by 5, but the clerk had no idea they were to move the bags. Checking in, the clerk asked how many card keys we wanted, We said 4, she gave us two. In the room, we did not have enough towels. Calling housekeeping, we were told they would be right up. We went out for the evening 45 minutes later, with no towels.  The towels did arrive while we were out. A bogus minibar charge was on our bill. Rather than just accept our word, the clerk asked us if we'd had a Fiji water. The charge was removed.. . Having traveled in over 20 foreign countries, over 20 states, I have never experienced such a total lack of service. NO ONE cared, NO ONE followed through, the clerks were automatons with no manners, who didn't listen.  I will never stay at anything affiliated with Palace Station Hotels, and I have a hard time seeing us using any restaurants at Red Rock, despite my daughter living a half-mile away. The level of stress of this experience impacting what was to be a fun birthday celebration for daughter.
Hachi,. Absolutely the worst dining experience we have ever had in Vegas...we have been going here for many fine Japanese dining experiences..when you don't get what you ordered, and then have the server TELL you this is what you ordered..WTF...won't be be back...I know Management monitors this....make it right boys...Your losing the locals...
WORST HOTEL EXPERIENCE EVER.. . Hotel staff was rude and not helpful at all during or after our stay. . . The first issue we had during our stay (1/18 to 1/20) was after gambling for over an hour (and being down over $400 at that point), a drink waitress finally approached the area of the casino we were in asking for cocktail orders. We signaled that we would like something, she acknowledged us, but before we could order anything she turned and walked away without another word. I'm not usually one to complain (especially about something that is complimentary) but after playing for a significant amount of time and losing a fairly good chunk of change, being acknowledged then rudely walked away from before we could get a word out is completely ridiculous.   Not to mention, the rest of the time spent on the casino floor (aside from the short amount of time at the card tables), we were not approached again by anyone on the floor offering refreshments.  Would have been nice to have a single cup of coffee or even a bottle of water while playing. . . On top of this, we get home from our trip (booked and paid for completely through a travel agency), and notice two charges from the resort of 27.99. After a call to the resort, I am told these are for "amenity fees," which I do not recall being told about by the front desk at check in.  When I questioned these charges and informed her that I was told by the front desk at check in that my credit card was only needed for a deposit (and that my card would not be charged anything unless there was damage to the room), she stated that the front desk would not have informed me that they would be charged to my card because it is not their "responsibility."  I was told to take the issue up with the agency I booked through because there was nothing she could do.  Im not even sure what "amenities" these charges even cover as we couldn't open the broken mini bar in our room, a package I dropped off at the concierge still has not been registered as accepted through the postal service (I assume they haven't mailed it out yet-- even though they can't tell me for sure), and it's impossible to get drink service on the casino floor unless you're sitting at a table. I would think perhaps they might cover things like use of the hotels WiFi but my travel agency vouchers expressly state "free use of hotel wifi, fitness center, parking, and pool."  So these should have already been covered.  . . The only pleasant part of this trip was the movie we saw at the Regal Cinemas (awesome!) and the lunch and drinks we had at the Yard House on site (not affiliated or managed by the hotel).  . . We go to Vegas quite often and we were very excited to come check this place out for a weekend, but after our stay would definitely NOT recommend this resort to anyone or stay here again.  For the same price (or less) I'd recommend staying at Caesars or the Rio.  Both hotels are equally as nice if not nicer, and the hotel staff and services are wonderful.
We got a room for the night with the kids and I would say very disappointed when we got into our room it smelled like someone had a sandwich and left it on the heater it smelled like onions and dead sandwich meat we called about the smell and they brought up an ionizer it just made it cold in the room and on top of that wifi isn't included with the room you get free wifi at Burger King you would think the $100 we lost in the casino they could afford free wifi in the room!!!
I've been to this casino many times before from gambling to bowling etc. Anyways I took my little brother to the movies today and I ended up loosing my medication in the seat that i was sitting in which i have to carry for stomach complications, I had realized I left it about a half hour after the movie finished so I called them and asked if they could look for me the guy that I talked to was very rude and said I just give tickets out I don't take care of the theaters he also informed me that there is a movie playing and nobody's going to look for me told me to call back when the movie was over so I did he said that they didn't find anything so I asked him if they clean the theaters every time and he said yes well if that was the case they would have found my meds me and my little brother were the only ones in that row so I guess some teenager that makes minimum wage that cleans the theaters decided to take them : / I wouldn't be writing a bad review if they would have put a little more effort into there jobs but I guess you can't expect much from minimum wage movie theater cleaners. Just wish people had morals and feelings for others won't be returning!
BEWARE and stay away.. . *Beware: The extra fees and added charges add up big time. Resort fees, 18% mandatory gratuity on all purchases at poolside even for drinks ordered at the bar itself, wi-fi for a limited number of devices (2 per room) and charges after that, etc. etc.. . *Beware: Make sure you know what you bought.  If you bought a package make sure you know what you are supposed to get WHEN YOU CHECK IN.  Movie tickets, bowling coupons,meal credits among some of the items.  If you don't ask you might not get them at all.. . *Beware: they are not going to tell you that they are doing major construction to the pool area.  If you are looking at the fantastic pictures of the pool and are dreaming of a relaxing time there be prepared to listen to constant masonry grinding all day long.  Yes, all day.  The pool opens(ed) at 9:00 and the noise went until after 4:00.  The construction noises drowned out the overhead music and the fountain.. . *Beware: staff indifference and ignorance: The poolside hostess just shrugged her shoulders and said, 'oh, talk to the manager.'  The clerk at the front desk did not even know they have been working on the pool ALL WEEK.  No manager on duty ('in a staff meeting'.. conveniently.)  The Front desk clerk took my phone number and said the Manager (K******) would call me to discuss... did not.. . *Beware: Food credits (apparently) have many stipulations.  They cannot be aggregated by multiple rooms , cannot be used at certain restaurants, etc.. . This 'resort' has a LOT of work to do if they want to act like a real resort.  VERY disappointed, will not return.
Arrived at hotel and went to Lucky Bar to play video poker and have a drink, put $5.00 in machine and was told by bartender that I had to play at least $20!!!! I replied I thought I was in las Vegas ? Ordered kettle one, was told they did not have kettle one, belvedere was the comp vodka! Actually ended up playing and paying $100 for a drink I didn't even want because of a cross eyed bartender with a attitude! Later that night went to another bar to play video poker and asked if they had kettle one? The bartender said yes! I told him I was told at lucky bar they did not carry it at that hotel, he replied that some bars in the hotel don't comp it!! So, what is the truth? Never in 35 years have I had so much trouble getting a drink in Vegas ! The room was nice and clean. Heard nothing but great things about this resort, went for my birthday and was seriously disappointed! Staff was unfriendly, no customer service. The best thing was the Yard House restaurant and I can eat there at home!!!! Will not return!
besides the fact that this hotel was like 30 minutes from the strip, the staff was rude and mean.. . they kicked us out at 5 AM over "some girl passed out in the casino" who was NOT part of our party. They came into our rotom and woke up my friends, who were clearly quietly knocked out and forced them to eleave.. . one word: RUDE!
Do not go to Red Rock...staff there gave my room away and refused to get me another room when I arrived late after telling them I would arrive late.  I paid for two nights and they took my $ (with Groupon getaway).  Then they would not give my money back or give me a room for the 2nd night after I arrived and told them I was arriving on 2nd night.  Red Rock and Groupon are unethical businesses.  Go to another hotel and Do Not use Groupon Getaway deals...buyer beware....jack in San Diego.  E
Terrible service. Good rooms and convenient but continually screw up guaranteed reservations, even when you verify them earlier in the same day.. . Management ignores complaints.. . On a previous trip, my wife had a broken arm in a bright red cast, she had to unload her own bags because there were no bellhops in the valet parking even though she was the only guest parked in valet. There were a number of valets hanging around, but no assistance other than taking the car.. . After finally talking to management, they want us to pay for upgrade to a suite be ause they messed up our reservations on e again.
This review is only  on the customer service on reservation cancellations and management communications.. . Canceled a reservation for my boss and apparently they do not have the standard 48 hour requirement.  Theirs is 72 hours.  We were penalized one night's stay.  Fine.  . . Tried to retrieve the invoice for the charge to complete an expense report and apparently this request is brain surgery.  I called and was connected to reservations and they sent me an invoice alright, for a charge for two room nights?  Not only that but the document was quite official which was impressive but the charge was for the base room price, no tax or any additional resort fees which tells me that it was a manually and carelessly generated invoice.  That was day one.. . Called again and the reservations representative apologized and mentioned he would look into it and there went day two with no return call or follow through.  Before the end of my day which is 3pm, i called the hotel and asked to speak to a manager.  Until today, day three... no call back.. . As mentioned, it's now day three.  I called the hotel myself and stayed on the phone until i got an actual manager on the phone.  Then she transferred me to accounts payable at which by this time I had repeated my story to THREE different people.  ANNOYING.. . FINALLY, Amelia Carr from Accounts Payable took the time to make sure I got what I needed.  . . REALLY???  three days for an invoice???  SHOOT ME NOW.
Just checked in. From the outside, this is a beautiful looking facility.  The foyer is beautiful and looks great.  Bathrooms in the lobby were good, not as clean as most hotels, but it will do after a long drive.  . . Check In - Got ignored and had to wait about 5 minutes.  I thought maybe I got in the wrong line, as Stephanie, one of the manager did not indicate that she would come back to assist me.  Should have been my first clue.  . . Room - . You know how you get that disclaimer about non smoking rooms and if you smoke, then you get fined, etc.  So 14th floor, room 150, it smells like smoke.  BIG TIME.  What can they do after a long drive and a group of over 10 plus rooms booked?  Send us to another floor or on the same floor without a view or move us out tomorrow night.  Really, after a long drive and just wanting to settle in, I have to do that all over again?? What a waste of time!!! Not really an option!!  . . Group Room Rate/Booking - . The reason we are all here is for a family event, we all want to be on the same floor (which they failed to do) as 2 on 9th floor, 2 on the 12th floor, 4 on the 14th, etc.  Really???  Couldn't even get the request to be on the same floor. Second clue.  . . Mike our bell hop was great.  Tried to accommodate us and gave us suggestions.  Now that is a great employee who knows how to protect the company he works for.  Can't say the same for the front desk and Stephanie, the manager??  Maybe she needs to go back and get additional training.. . My brother's room, 14-148, although not smoky,  his air condition is not working.  It's a 109 degrees outside.. . I will continue to update this review as I have not had the opportunity to hit the pool just yet.  . . My sister loves this place. Not sure why.  It's like 40 minutes from the strip, and room rates are doubled in comparison to Mandalay Bay, MGM, just to name a few.
The only star to give this place is because of the pool.. . When you have a large group of 60, this place was perfect because we were able to all have a lounge chair and not have to pay for a cabana.  There was a lot of room.  . . Otherwise, I wish you well in getting good customer service and a good room.  I think they will be out of business in a few years.
Horrible service. May be the end of the pool season. Waited over an hour for a server after I had to ask one and didn't even get a server to come to our section. Then had to go back to the bar and order my food pay 18% gratuity then go pick my food and walk it across the pool. Very unprofessional service. Even staying at the resort. Not a place to enjoy your day off.
I loved so many things about the hotel, but it started off on the wrong foot. We arrived at 12:30 and they gave us a pass to use the pool, nice, came back at 4pm, our room was not ready, we told them that we needed the room soon because we were hosting a family reunion and needed to get the gift bags and a special dinner ready for that evening. They offered us a room, the furthest from the elevators or facing away from the pool, we asked if they could speed up housekeeping and we'll keep the pool view room, we came back at 5, still not ready, 5:30 we are panicking, we'll take anything, we have so much to do. we suggested a room to change in and then move into our room later. they finally agreed. now we are running around. it sucked big time. I wouldn't have cared it we didn't have the dinner to get organized, and when you have 30 people depending on you it can be very stressful and this delay did not help. There was no follow or any apology for the inconvenience. The front desk ran their operation like the palace station not a 4 star resort. We loved the pool, spa, restaurants, quiet rooms. Hopefully, you will have better luck or not care if you get into your room late.
This review is for the Casino and Staff. We have been going to the Red Rock weekly since we have moved to the neighborhood 6 months ago. Well we are now boycotting this Casino as the staff is not friendly, not trained properly,  not customer service oriented and doesn't care about locals. Their slogan "we love locals" is a total joke. Our problem is with the player's card staff. We were told we had dining credit, so we used the dining credit to only find out we used our points. Points was never spoken of, the term dining credit was used. They refused to take responsibility in giving us the wrong info. and having communication issues. We spoke to several representatives, supervisors and a manager to only be told they can't do anything about it. Their attitude sucks, and one employee lied and said he explained it to us, when a "he" never waited on us. All to cover their behind. BYE BYE RED ROCK!! We are taking our business else where. . . . Side note: Their buffet is also horrible. Food taste is horrible and not worth it even if you have a 2 for 1 coupon.. . On the bright side: Nicest employees are Alberto (waiter) in the buffet and Curtis at Starbucks at the food court.
