i have to admit, i had a bad experience at this steakhouse from the service being so-so to the food being o.k. the biggest disappointment is that my girlfriends steak and my steak were both cooked incorrectly. i ordered my steak medium rare, my gal medium well. at first i thought the waiter got us mixed up regarding how we wanted our steaks cooked because mines was well done and my girl friends was on the rare side. so when our waiter came back and asked us how everything was, i asked him, "how did i order my steak?" he replied, medium rare. i got my steak knife and cut right down the middle of my steak and showed it to the waiter and he glanced at it and replied, looks like it was over cooked slightly. my girlfriend and i both noticed that our waiter was not exactly polite after we pointed out our steaks were cooked incorrectly and didn't offer to bring us new steaks knowingly that the cook blew it by a long shot with the beef. my steak was honestly cooked all the way through. no red and not even any pink. not the end of the world. though this was our saturday night dinner in vegas and we have heard sooo many good things about this restaurant. so we were quite disappointed when we had a somewhat rude waiter and food which was cooked incorrectly. we are going to try this place one more time and give them another shot. i think we just got unlucky. irregardless i have to give the rating in which they provided. sorry delmonico, maybe next time.
This place is horribly overrated.  Service was terrible.  They act like they don't want you there.  It took 45 minutes between the first course and the main entree for the food to come out and not once did any waiter come by to check on the table.  Do not go.  Plenty of other great steakhouses in Vegas.
Service was Horrible, Food was Cold, Drinks were Hot!  Just plain Lousy.. Very Disappointing!  Go to Prime Steak House instead @ the Bellagio
Is there an email address I can complain to about my experience somewhere? For being the priciest place we ate at during my trip to LV, this was definitely the most disappointing. Service was incredibly aloof. The food was sub-par. . . For 2 we ordered a few drinks, the Caesar salad and the Chateaubriand, both to share. The Caesar salad was delicious but how can you really go wrong with that? The main course was the absolute worst. Three pieces of meat per person, and it was barely lukewarm. I saw our server "heat" it up for maybe 3 seconds, and then take it off the grill. Although the meat was flavorful, the fact that it was almost COLD ruined the whole meal. Not only that, I asked our server to take a picture of us since it was my bday, and he handed over my camera to another server as if he was too good to take a damn picture!. . At the end, we had a couple cups of coffee, and was given their birthday raspberry sorbet, which wasn't even edible. Overall NOT recommended.
At ces trade show and looking for lunch. I show up at 2:03 and the host jokingly says we are closed. We laughed. But he meant it. Last year my burger ordered medium came out almost raw. I am never going back
A very disappointing experience overall. We went there for New Years Eve 2011/12 and were very disappointed to find that there were no decorations at all, and nothing had been done to bring out any kind of party atmosphere. The food was OK, but what really let the restaurant down was the service. Our waiter did not know the cocktail list. We had to spell the names of the cocktails we wanted for him to be able to order them for us. Same went for the wine, and once we got the wine, he didn't poor it for us a single time throughout the night, not even to taste when he first opened the bottle.. Clearing the table was slow, and no one came to offer dessert, coffee or anything else after we had finished our main course. Getting the bill also took some time, and not a single person acknowledged us when we got up to leave, not a "thank you" or even a "good bye". We felt like we were being ignored, or forgotten, as we could see the people at the table next to us being looked after a lot better than we were. There was no reason for them to treat us this way. I work in service myself and I always make a point to be nice, pleasant and polite when at a restaurant, and if an honest mistake is made, I am normally very forgiving, but this was too much. We expected much better and I would not recommend this restaurant at all.
WORST STEAKHOUSE I HAVE EVER BEEN TO. . . So I just stopped by to have lunch by myself. I read the reviews and cannot wait to have a perfectly cooked Filet Mignon. I got the BBQ shrimp and the Filet Mignon ordered specifically MEDIUM RARE. The BBQ shrimps are four tiny shrimps that are by no means jumbo shrimps but suspiciously resembled frozen out of a bag. . . And then is the Filet Mignon. They overcooked it so much that when I taste it, I almost wanted to cry. It can hardly pass for well done. I was so hungry and I waited 35 minutes for it. But I had to wash it down my throat with water. If this is MEDIUM RARE, then I will be ordering a live cow next time. The manager Michael did come by, confirmed that the steak is overcooked and asked if they can take it back. (I cannot wait for another 30 minutes for a new one. Doesn't a customer's time mean anything to you?) This is nice. But when the chef finished cooking my steak, how can he decide this is OK to serve? He must have cared so little about how his customer would think to decide to serve me this. LET ME TELL YOU. IT IS NO DIFFERENT THAN SPITTING IN MY FACE.. . Paid 95 dollars for the bill. I am feeling like a complete loser right now. Good thing is at least I came alone. If I have brought my GF, she would think I want a break up. And Michael, next time this happens, just take 20 dollars off the bill. You guys can never be a top notch restaurant.
One of the worst dining experiences I have ever had.  The strip steak was sooooo bad, I finally asked to have it taken away and removed from my bill after the kitchen made2 efforts to correct it. My wifes salmon was dry. I also found it very poorly managed - had to walk among rows of extra chairs in the corridor (which needed cleaning and a fresh coat of paint) on my way to the restroom. DON'T BOTHER.
We were sat at 9:15. Dinner arrived at 10:45...  Those of us not drinking wine were not offered anything other than water. Once dinner arrived a couple of the steaks were placed in front of the wrong patrons. Instead of just correcting the issues, the server/manager restated what I ordered (the bone in NY strip). The steak in front of me was very clearly a filet. Our wine glasses were not cleared until our dinner plates were.... The steaks were decent. Not amazing, but adequate...  . Restroom was dirty, toilet seat damaged, no hand towels. . A relatively pitiful attempt at a fine dining experience.
We have previously eaten here each time we're in Vegas because the food is excellent.  We've eaten here our last three anniversaries - this year was our 25th.  We were seated and the evening began well enough; however, there was a large group of men at a table several feet away becoming louder and louder as the evening wore on. As other couples in the room finished no one was reseated in our area (the stone walled room with the wine 'wall').  As the group became louder their language also worsened to the point of being profane and the mention of male body parts. My wife and I were appalled as well as shocked that the staff  which recognized the situation did NOTHING but apologize to us. There was no request that the group exercise some decorum or that we be moved.  . . One of my favorite restaurants in Las Vegas failed to deliver on a very special occasion.
Our bad experience started with the lady who answered when I called to set a resv. She sounded like she wasn't very happy and didn't make me feel good about planning to go to Delmonicos.  . We get there and the hostess simply said "follow me" she did not make eye contact or even ask "how's your evening?" She walked so fast to our table it was hard to keep up.  She sat us, gave us a napkin, said nothing at all, and walked away.  (Also they only have white napkins.. I'm used to fine dining where your napkin, either white or black, be offered to go with your ensemble.). Next, our server(s), didn't seem to care that we were dining there.  Not sure if they judged based on skin color, age, and style of clothes, but it felt like they did.  After offering us drinks and giving us menus, it was about an 8 to 10 minute wait to see our server again.. Mind you that we'd chosen what we'd have for dinner and had our menus closed a majority of that time.. Overall for service from beginning til end was way below par for such a place.  We did not feel welcomed nor that they gave 2 funks about us.. FOOD:. My bone in rib eye was ordered medium and came out medium well, which made it particularly dry and tough.  My spouses bone in rib eye was cooked correctly (medium), but was nothing to call home about.. I ordered my steak Oscar style.  The asparagus was the highlight of our dinner and the crab seemed a but overlooked and dry.. We also had a lobster tail each, which came de-shelled and on top of the rib eye.  Drawn butter was brought out but lemon was not, nor offered.. We had the New Orleans style creamed spinach.. The only "new Orleans" about it was the name.  The spinach tasted fresh but it was about a 3.5/5 on overall taste and quality.. For the price there are many better options in Las Vegas (Mastro's ocean club; the capital grille, del frisco's..).  . We will surely never return.
I visited this place with a few of my friends while we were in Vegas for a wedding.  . . I can not say it enough.  This is the best steak that I have ever put in my mouth.  This place is well worth every penny.  I ordered the bone in rib eye.  I did not even need a knife to cut the steak.  The steak was melt in your mouth delicious.  The bacon wilted spinach salad is bomb!  I have never enjoyed a salad or steak this good.  I make it a point to stop by this place when I am in Vegas.  . . Went back in September and the restaurant has lost it.  Ordered the bone in ribeye and it tasted like death. The maitre d, said the meat was over aged.  Why the hell would you serve it if the quality was not up to standards.  After issues with food we were treated like crap.  Not impressed. There are tons of good restaurants in Vegas. Don't waste you time or hard earned money!
Didn't like the steak there . I ask for medium rare but it was wel done and cold . I am not going back there agian .
Went in last night with a party of 5.  Unfortunately the service was really off.  Having dined here a few times with solid results, I was underwhelmed by this meal.  Took about 20 minutes to get the drinks out, was served appetizers with no silverware, soup was barely warm 1st time, 2nd try hot with a skin, mains sat for 15 min on a tray waiting to be served.  Spoke with the manager and he end up taking one of the mains off the bill.  Way to much competition in steakhouses at this price point to risk a repeat of this experience.
