This review is based on how we were treated, not the food because we didn't actually get to eat. . . Called on the afternoon of July 9th and they said no reservations were open. I asked if they take walk ins and they said yes, but to expect a wait of about 45 minutes. . . We showed up at 7 expecting to wait. The hostess told us that they had no tables until 9pm. That is when their first open reservation would be. . . I asked if we could wait at the bar as walk ins and told them that I had called earlier about that exact thing. She basically said 'too bad' and that we would have to wait til 9 unless we wanted to eat outside on the patio (nobody was outside in this heat). . . I have heard this place is good, but the hostess was quite rude with her tone and basically told us to leave.  . . It seems that this place could benefit from some additional training to make sure that all of the hostesses are on the same page.
Is there less than a star rating?. . Met a group of 10 people at this restaurant for a friend's birthday.  First impressions were good.  It is a lovely old-world mission style building with a warm glowing Himalayan salt wall to illuminate the dining area.  Sounds amazing.  I was sold at first site.  . . Service seemed accommodating and eager.  The server kept asking if we wanted shots and we all declined, it was way too early to get the birthday girl that intoxicated before dinner, right?  Food was nicely displayed, minimal portions but filling and tasty.  The server asked if we wanted dessert.  We declined.  It was time to finish our wine and think about our next destination while enjoying each others company.   Suddenly, three to four dessert plates are delivered to our table.  Hhhmm, who ordered this?  It was a big table, I assumed someone wanted to share the full course dining experience.  I didn't think to inquire further.  The server again, asks if we want to do shots.  yea, no dude.  Stop with the shots.  Not interested.  A few minutes later a tray of shots shows up....Weird!  Nobody seemed interested the last few times our server asked.  But here they are so bottoms up. . The bills arrives approximately $800.  Tips included.  Wow.  Okay, we split it.  We continue to consume our drinks and talk.  Minutes later, the manager ( I assume since we hadn't been graced with his presence prior to this event)  comes to our table to encourage us to leave as the restaurant is filling and they need the table.  Really?  Are you Eff-ing kidding me.  We just dropped almost a grand and have been served a full course meal and you want us to wrap it up.  . . Outside we are discussing this last event and our dining experience... come to find out, no one in our party ever ordered the desserts or shots!!!  Holy server manipulating and pocket padding scandal!!!. . . What did I expect?  Ventured into Scottsdale. The land of taking advantage.
OK, I went to The Mission when they first opened.  I was not impressed by their menu, or by my dinner there that evening.  I eat out every day, but never returned.  Fast forward to today.  I was headed somewhere else, but they were closed for the Labor day holiday.  There were cars parked in front of The Mission (as there generally are) so I decided that perhaps I had been hasty in my original opinion.. . Perhaps it was because I arrived after 3:00 when they only serve a limited menu, but I tried the brisket sandwich.  The experience didn't start off bad...it was kind of flavorful and interesting, until I realized that what I was chewing on was mostly fat.  The $12 sandwich was mostly not brisket (coleslaw and such), and the brisket that it contained was very fatty meat.  The second half of the sandwich was so greasy that I passed on the saturated bread and picked through the contents...coleslaw and fat.. . No third chance for this restaurant.
If you are 21 and don't know what good food is, but want to drink with your friends in a loud room, this is your spot.  "Soulless Mexican food" is the only way I can describe The Mission.  We had some tacos and guacamole that were expensive and really mediocre.  Drinks were fine but nothing great.  We sat in the courtyard patio area and busboys and waiters hovered annoyingly over our table for the duration of the evening.  It took ten minutes for us to be seated even though we had reservations and the restaurant was half empty.  I don't understand the appeal here at all.  Only way to justify the one star rating is the outdoor fireplace.
I have to preface this review by saying that I have never written a review, let alone a negative one.  However, after the response of the owner, I am happily writing this review. That being said....Food poisoning is a key indicator of extreme health code violations. Mission, if you read this, clean your kitchen, make sure employees who prep food in your kitchen wash their hands, wear gloves, and make sure your food is fresh and stored properly. I ordered a salad and table side guacamole. About 30 minutes later I had to go home. Cutting straight to the point, I spent Thanksgiving eve and day projectile vomiting the contents of my stomach. Went to the doctor, positive for food poisoning.  My friend was extremely ill also.  My parents were dining with a friend who was with the owner of Mission (at Tommy V's which I recommend to anyone as it is a professional and CLEAN environment with great food.) The friend informed him of my food poisoning from dining in his restaurant and his response was, "well, eating out is dangerous." REALLY?!!!!!! Thankfully for this rude and inconsiderate man, I am not an elderly person or baby that could have been fatally injured by his carelessness. Unfortunately for him, negative reviews spread 10x as fast as a positive review. My friends and friends of their friends as well as family members will not be dining at Mission again. I contacted the health department of maricopa and informed them of the situation.  That type of arrogant attitude from the owner is what will lead to this establishment being shut down. Maybe he will take pride in his restaurant after someone dies and he's slapped with a lawsuit. I fear for the health of future diners.
I was excited to try this restaurant after reading the reviews.  Sadly,I was majorly disappointed. We arrived after the lunch crowd, yet had to wait a very long time for our food to arrive. We started with the table side guacamole and the avocado was not ripe enough ... The chicken taco horrible and pumpkin bread pudding too sweet. Do not arrive starving, because the wait staff moves like turtles.  I give this a three at best.  Not worth the $$$
Just watched the "owner" physically accost two patrons who complained about their dinner. They were seated at the bar next to me. Believe me the food isn't tht good so they had a valid complaint. He threw their plates of food over the bar and ruined all the bar patrons evening,. . What a fucking asshole. I have been in the restaurant business for 30 years and this owner is a total asshole. Please don't waste yor time at this hole.
Try it if you like e-Coli poisoning and a evening spent on or near the toilet. The Pozole has the taste and texture of a barbecued sock, and comes with a side of salmonella. In the interest of fairness the guacamole was good and the service was decent.
I'm surprised this place doesn't have more lower rated reviews. We should have sat in the patio because couldn't see our menus or even our food indoors. Seemed every table was using their flashlight iPhone app. I complained on deaf ears. Chicken was dry, food presentation nice (if only we could see the food on the plates!) but lacked much else. Way overpriced for what you get (tiny servings). Best thing was the side of beans (amazing!). Next time will try the place across the street.
Be careful of what you eat. 8 of us went for lunch. Two of us had the brisket and we got food poisoning.
Bad customer service. I got the steak tacos. They were nothing special. I asked for one more corn tortilla since the tortillas were too small for all the meat and I was told that they come in sets of 3 for $6 extra. Really?? I just wanted one more tortilla that was 2 1/2 inches in diameter.
This place is over rated, over priced, the service is good.  Be prepared for avg. guacamole, over glorified made from scratch food not worth the $.  Will not be back.  And advise folks to be aware of this over rated place.
Are you frickin kidding me?  Have a reservation for 9 and they keep us waiting half an hour.  Go to the bar and order 2 margaritas with salt on the rocks - cost? $30.  Ask for an IPA and they bring me a clone of Stella Artois for $14. (And not a good clone at that).  Overpriced, overrated and just OK food.  Save the money, the time, and your effort - go somewhere else. And then we got the food... No problem paying big money for food... But hey - that sucked too.  Just about every Bistec taco from a taco wagon has been better.  Am I bitter?  Heck yeah. Am I wrong? Ummm no.
Warning even though yelp says Mission closes at 11PM on Thursday the kitchen closes at 10PM.
This place is the reason I signed up for yelp!. Wish my first was a positive one.  This place is not cool though.  . . I have no idea what the food even tastes like here.  I walked in with my wife around 3:30 in the afternoon and there were open tables all over (definitely busier than I would have thought for the time though.) The rude hostess told my wife she would "get to us in ten minutes."  Then I watched three groups of people walk in and get seated after us.  They had no reservation just asked for a seat.  I could see them.  Then I asked the hostess about this issue.  She said "our kitchen is really busy, and we do take some reservations."  What does that have to do with this situation?  I wasn't sure so I left, never getting a chance to eat their food.  You are not better than anyone.  Judging your patrons on the clothes they wear won't get you anywhere.  I would never give my money to a place like this!  . . If you wondered what I was wearing it was a Michigan tee shirt and some jeans.  I was there for their bowl game.
