We booked our trip to CES really late and had to stay at the Stratosphere. I heard that it was a decent hotel but was still a little weary.  First of all, its located at the end of the strip right before downtown. It starts to get sketchy near Circus Circus.  One of the workers advised us to always take a cab at night because it can get a little dangerous.. . Second, I had booked a non smoking room with two queen beds. They didn't have it when I arrived but had a smoking room. I didn't wanna sleep in a smoky room so they gave me a non smoking one bed and said I could switch tomorrow.  The room smelled of smoke.   Did the switch the next day which was annoying but it was fine.  Room was better and didn't smell.. . Third, they charge you 11.99 per day for internet and $1 for LOCAL calls. WTF?. . Fourth - everytime I called them to the front desk, I either got hung up on or disconnected.  Everything I asked for never came.. . Fifth, I asked for late checkout on Sunday and figured it wouldn't be a problem since the conference was over.  Flight wasn't until 4 so I didn't want to have to just hang out in the casino or airport. $30 for a late checkout. . . So the service is horrible, they charge you for anything and everything. Its far from everything and gets dangerous at night.  Also, not entirely related by the waitress at their bar on 107 was rude. Booo to Stratosphere. Avoid staying here if possible.
When you replace the songs in your head from Katy Perry's "Waking Up in Vegas" and you end up with many morbid Smith songs with lyrics like "I was happy in the haze of a drunken hour, but heaven knows I'm miserable now", that's when you know you're at the Stratosphere.. . While my friends from LA stayed at higher end hotels on the more festive part of the strip, I went the cheap route with a $69 dollar rate at this hotel. Don't get me know I've had many adventures at other cheap Vegas hotels but this one takes the cake. . . The best way to get by is to never turn on the lights, or be in your room in daylight. If you manage to see your room you'll be overwhelmed by the stark whiteness of it all, with no decor and a small window at the end with a window A/C unit. Basically, it looks like a room at the asylum. It also has an amazing funky smell. . . The hotel is pretty far away from other attractions and the main part of the strip where all your smarter friends are. What you saved in your overnight stay you'll be making up for in taxi fees (It's about $12 one way from Treasure Island to the Stratosphere) and I wouldn't recommend walking there at night. . . However there are some pluses. First the hotel has several pools. It's one of the first few pools in Vegas that actually has clear water and look like you may not need a Hepatitis vaccine to enter. The first pool is a large pool meant for families. Basically it's like kids gone wild, and looks to be fun.  There is a smaller pool that is 21+ with a bar and dj, on a high floor so it has a great view. It also has a topless option. Please keep in mind, those who exercise the topless option are not those who should. As a women based on what you'll witness, you'll be praying to the gods of gravity, breast feeding, and plastic surgery to treat you right. The lifeguards are friendly and keep supplying you with wet towels to cool off as well as place damp towels at your feet. . . One star for the lifeguard.
This was the worst hotel in Vegas. The Non smoking room smelled like a smoking room. The service is horrible here. I then asked for another room, made me go back downstairs to pick it up. They moved me to another room.  They room was much better but I woke up in the morning with three bug bites on my leg. Please never go here follow friends. Circus Circus is better than this.
This hotel was a waste of money. I mean the first day, the fire alarm went off at 10 am. Second TV is really old n does not work. When I call to fix TV, no one came so for three night, I had no TV. Third, the shower heads has molds or green thing around shower heads. DONT PAY OR GO TO THAT HOTEL. YOU PAY WAT YOU GET FOR. This the truth. Do your search for another hotel. Thanks.
The cheapest hotel for a Memorial Day weekend.  I dont think I would come back here.  The sink water had an odor and tasted like burnt rubber tires.  Ewww I cant believe I brushed my teeth with that water!!
one star only because I have to! Stayed there last weekend and that was an horrible experience.
The Stratosphere opened in 1996, the Bellagio opened in 1998. SOOOOO, what the fuck Stratosphere? Care to explain why you're so disgusting?. . This place is just beyond busted. I assumed this place was built in the early 80's but when I found out it was only 15 years old, I was shocked. Like, the cheesy sign that says "STRATOSPHERE" in neon orange isn't helping matters. Cue Casio keyboard solo.. . I have never stayed in a room here but I've been enough times to tell you it's gross. The place is just cheap, dingy, and dated. Everyone there is just some haggard career slot machine crypt keeper and the place smells like cigarettes so bad you can't even breathe.. . The "mall" area is depressing. It smells like old funnel cakes and churros and not one store is recognizable. It's just lame tshirt stores selling Vegas themed crap and kiosks with hair straighteners and creepy foreign guys accosting you to try hand lotion.. . The observation deck costs money and it's a rip off. It's boring and the view is nothing special. (same view you get from any high rise casino) You get a really nice view of the Stratosphere's shitty pool though. The rides are also really expensive and the lines are too long.. . This casino is in a rough part of town past the Wynn and Encore so don't plan on walking here if you have little kids with you. In fact, just don't plan on going here period.
Stay at the NY NY instead.  Better quality, location and basically the same price. . . I was very disappointed with this hotel.  It was icky from the moment we arrived and called the front desk to ask about parking and got major attitude and smart mouth from the front desk chick.  No bueno.  . . On the upside - we were upgraded to a "Select" room for 6 bucks extra each night.  This actually meant a shabby chic toilet seat.  Hooray for us!  Seriously - it just meant that it wasn't a total S-H-I-T hole...but almost.  . . We were informed that we had access to the "Select" elevators.  Warning: do not feel special.  You aren't and they aren't!  On the upside to this - they were close to the parking garage entrance/exit, which was imperative to avoid smelling like an ash tray the walk from our room to the outside. . . The bed wasn't exactly a cloud and the pillows SUCKED.  The towels are WIMPY, to say the least, and the water pressure reminded me of a drizzling rain.  The shopping center inside of the hotel would be better titled the White Trash Mall. . . The positives: The room appeared clean and had an iPod/iPhone ready alarm clock.  . . My advice is to SELECT another hotel. . . P.S. I wish I had taken a photo of the toilet seat...just horrible!
I Stood by the bar waiting for a drink while three other dudes walked up after me and were served first. When I was served, I wanted to put the charge on my room and needed to walk all the way across the hotel to get my ID. When I got back to the pool to get my drink he served me the original beverage that had been sitting on the counter with the ice melting in it (yum, watered down vodka). For God sake, don't serve someone a $9 watered down beverage.  . . There aren't any employees capable of providing guests with the consistant hotel information. With regards to the events taking place upstairs on levels 107/108. I had asked the following questions to numerous staff members including the concierge and front desk. What time does the top floor open? Is there a cover? Is there a dress code? Is there is there a club or only fine dinning? What time do they close? What nights are busiest? Do you need a reservation? About 6 hotel staff members gave me different information. No one was on the same page. So, during my 2 week stay I said screw it and went up there to find out for myself. (read tower review for the rest of this story).. . One night I ate at the hotel's Italian concept Fellini's. WOW, this is by far the best food the entire hotel has to offer. I was seated right away and served hot bread with a carafe of Chianti with in 3 minutes. I looked over the menu for about 5 minutes before ordering the fettuccini and vodka sauce with shrimp and mushrooms. Not only did this entree come out the door in 4.36 minutes (yes I timed it) but it was a marvelous dish. Extremely well put together and it made me want dessert. Just as wonderful was the red velvet cake. Everything here was spot on!. . On the flip side of wonderful is Roxy's diner and it is in dire need of culinary help. This is one song and dance that's on verge of becoming the next episode of restaurant rehab. If you ever served Chef Irvin the middle melt burger which is what my server said was "the best thing on the menu" you would probably be about 5 seconds from a boot in the ass. I ate half of this soggy mess and most of it fell apart when I cut it in half. Trying to eat this thing was a chore. The shoe string onion rings should only be served on the sandwich not served as a side. I expected rings and got a ball of deep fried onion that was stuck together. No way was I going for dessert here. This was the best thing on the menu??? What a hot mess!. . On the floor I stuck mostly to table games like Craps, Pai gow and wheel of fortune. All of the dealers were extremely friendly and really cool including the guests that took down $650 on Pai gow and the two guys that won $911 on the wheel of fortune slots. I had a good time gamming here but really wish there was more eye candy. The servers are really old and scary looking. They all carry with them this face that says I used to do drugs but now I just smoke a lot. Generally, the more one drinks the better the women look. Well, not so much at the Stratosphere. The more I drank the more scared I became. By the end of week one I remained completely sober and documented all the exits in pen on the back of my hand. Get with the times! Have you seen the gaming floor at the Cosmo? Even the Golden Nugget has a really nice pool going on.... . Here is another real kicker... When I received the email asking me to complete the survey and respond to my experience online. I was told to be specific so I thought I would do them a favor and take 30mins out of my day to review them. I was willing to type out this entire post later to find out I couldn't submit it to them b/c they only accept 1024 characters in the survey. Really? A hotel that is obviously behind the times and becoming the next shit hole on the strip is going to not allow me to give them a thorough review? Tell ya what then. I'll post this all over the web and just submit to you the links of where you can find it. . . If I were the GM overseeing this property I would change everything...
My husband and I booked The Oasis Suite online in July. When I arrived on Aug. 31 to check-in I found out about the hidden fine print of a $50.00/night deposit which was NOT mentioned anywhere on your website during the reservation process. My husband and I were looking forward to spending our Vegas honeymoon in a lush suite...instead we spent it in a room that was very small, had terrible pillows (I'm still working through the chronic neck pain those gave me), and lacked a refrigerator so whatever leftovers we wanted to save went to waste. We felt especially alienated during our stay because we (fortunately) do not carry credit cards....this prevented us from, well, everything. We wanted to get in-room wi-fi internet access....but alas, a $150.00 deposit ($50/night) was needed since we didn't have a credit card. We wanted to rent a movie for in-room viewing...again, another silly deposit of $150 ($50/night). We offered to pay cash upfront....alas, a deposit of $100/night was required for cash. Ridiculous! These silly policies made us feel unwelcome at the Stratosphere; we felt like our personal well being wasn't important, only our money was what mattered.  In addition to all this, the most annoying thing about our stay was consistently being harassed by people on the casino floor by the Select elevators trying to get us to sign up for promotions and sell us things we had absolutely no interest in. They had a hard time taking a polite "No thank you" for an answer.  . . All of this guaranteed that when we return to Vegas we will NOT be staying at the Stratosphere.
I'm not sure what they are thinking but as a local, I decided to stay on the strip after a show.  I hadn't been to the Stratosphere in years and now I know why.  For starters, my girlfriend booked the room online at stratospherehotel.com.  I don't know where the rooms are that are pictured on their website, but our room looked like a Motel 6 room... NOT EVEN CLOSE!!!  She got suckered in with a buffet package deal with a "strip view" room.  Turns out, the "view" was of the roof of the casino and the crappy motels next door.  The "Buffet Package" was just a 2 for 1 ticket... an INSULT for anyone that is used to getting those in the mail regularly.  The rest of the "package" deal?  No cover to a bar that wasn't open on tuesday night, membership to the player's club that wasn't open, a $20 all you can drink deal in the main floor bar when you could get $25 all you can drink deal and free admission for the bar in the top of the Tower.. The room?  Average.  The halls were dec'd out with new cool wallpaper and carpet... but the room was blah.  Not even a picture on the wall above the bed.  The remote didn't work.  Very few towels.  A leaky sink.  They didn't even put a curved shower rod in the shower so it seemed really cramped in there.  The bed was average... and the view sucked.. Gambling?  Good luck finding a server.  My girlfriend and I gambled for over an hour without even a sniff of a cocktail waitress.  We had to go to the bar and play video poker.... which we didn't want to do ... so we could get a free drink.  Even though we had been gambling on the floor for an hour.  When we left, we saw cocktail servers near the table games... on the other side of the casino.. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE!  There are plenty of other hotels on the strip in better locations that will give you better deals and WAY better service...
With a night nearby Vegas we decided to have  a little fun and ended up making a prepaid reservation at the Stratosphere for the one night. We arrived later in the evening and were told our reservation for a king room would not happen and they only had queen/double rooms, nothing with a view and nothing could be done.. . The room itself had a failed air conditioner which did not work even after maintenance was there, 2 outlets that are not secured all the way in the wall, a vent in the bathroom falling off and a bathroom door that we could not close or we would be stuck in there because the handle just spun. When we did shower, the towels smelled as if the dryer had caught fire while drying them.. . ...and no smoking floors SHOULD NOT STINK OF SMOKE. Heck, maybe get rid of the ashtray by the elevator, people may get the hint.. . As for the appearance of the room, I was dumbstruck how this makes a 3 star rating. I can only think of one hotel in my adult life I was more disturbed by the cleanliness and the 'happy nap' feel to it... and the other hotel offered 'happy nap' rates.. . Can somebody tell me WTF is up with the ironing board? The damn iron was attached to the board by a cable and the base was mounted ON TOP of the board, making 1/2 the board useless. I am pretty sure prisons have irons that aren't chained to anything, but Stratosphere does. I guess when you are down on your luck and pissed you are staying in a room like this you will try to pawn anything including their irons.. . After this first hour in Vegas, we decided to head out of the hotel and spend any money that weekend elsewhere. This hotel is 4 blocks away from anything you would want to give a crap about in Vegas. Seriously, Sahara was closed and nothing for blocks. If it wasn't prepaid, we would have taken our stuff and left. Instead, we had fun elsewhere.. . Tip for those at the Stratosphere, we don't need the signs every 30 FT telling us abou the brand new rooms you have... if we can't stay in them, that only makes the experience less appealing.
WAY TO FAR FROM ALL THE GOOD CASINOS! I would not stay here again. the casino and rooms are decent and the price is good...but with the amount of money you spend on cabs you might as well just pay the extra 50 to stay at mgm. . . the bathroom is super tiny and needs an update. . the hair dryer in my room didnt work. . the view from my room sucked! (5th floor, room 120) all i could see was a parking garage. . . and the air quality outside the casino is so horrible. my eyes, nose and throat were killing me after like 20 minutes. . . the end of the srip where statosphere is was sooo ghetto. tons of cracked out bums and garbage everywhere.
We got a "suite" and it's oddly shaped and just looks like a regular room.  Too far from everything and nothing special.
The "suite" was supremely disappointing (at an extra cost) and looks like any dingy motel room.  . . The price is good but if you factor in additional cab fare since you are farther from the nice hotels, you are not getting that much of a better deal.
We visit Vegas regularly and have stayed at the Strat 4 times. We will not be staying again. The hotel has really gone downhill the last 2 times. Customer service is poor. Our friends also stayed ( on our recommendation ) and called ahead to confirm a late check in with a specific bed size and a smoking room. When they arrived they got a room with 2 small beds in a non smoking room. the management didn't even fix that until i went down and made a fuss! My other friend checked in and the room was not even clean. There was urine in the toilet and toothpaste in the sink.. The casino doesn't vent very well and tend to be smokier than most of the newer casinos. It is impossible to get a drink while at a machine ( I totally recommend Planet Hollywood for this) and we won more money at the airport machines than in this place. Good bye Strat!
Ive stayed at high end and mid level hotels in vegas. Thought id try it out.  All the good reveiws must be from drunks or people that dont stay at better hotels. The place is no better than a local ez 8 motel.  Pimps and hos yelling at 2 am knocking on wrong doors. Ridiculous place . Ive been more comfy at palace station and thats supposedly cheaper than here.  Decent if u just want to crash and dont mind all the ruckus.
My brother booked and paid for our room.  When he arrived on Thursday he checked us in as well since we would be there early Friday morning and he wanted to make sure we could sleep as soon as we arrived.  He was told that he could not leave a key at guest services for us and kept the key in his room.  We didn't arrive till 3:30 in the morning.  At which time I had to WAKE UP my brother and his wife to let us into the room.  Later Friday evening our other brother and his wife (who's room was also paid for by my brother) became stuck in the elevator for OVER AN HOUR AND A HALF with 6 other people.  My brother has BAD KNEES and a BAD BACK and there was NO ROOM to sit.  My sister in law was PETRIFIED the entire time.  We MISSED OUT on seeing Bite and my brother was in TOO MUCH PAIN to go out or do anything else.  Although my brother's room was comped, and breakfast provided the next morning (thank you), it did not stop the fact that my brother was in too much pain to enjoy the weekend and in turn RUINED OUR WEEKEND.  He didn't want to do anything because he couldn't, he couldn't walk around and he couldn't sit for long periods of time.  We brought money to gamble and he said no as he was in too much pain.  We couldn't leave him, as we didn't want to be rude, so we didn't do anything other than leave Saturday night to see a show.  He left Sunday and by then, OUR WEEKEND WAS OVER.  When my brother checked out on Monday, October 31st, he was told there wasn't shuttle service to the airport so I woke up at 5 AM to take him to the airport.  I came back to the hotel, slept until 10 and checked out at 11.  As I was leaving, I realized I had forgotten my keys in the room.  My husband went back up to the room to retrieve the keys and housekeeping was already in the room.  They REFUSED to give my keys back and said they had called Security.  We waited for AN HOUR for our keys, at which time I was asked to describe the club cards on my key ring.  I couldn't remember them all, but I KNEW the numbers for 2 of the keys as they were the keys to my desk.  Still Security would not give them back.  I was able to guess at another card on the key chain and they FINALLY gave them back.  I had to rush home in order to make it by 5, just in time to take my children Trick or Treating.  Needless to say the one vacation a year I get to take with my husband was completely ruined.. OH!  and when I emailed them my review, not one person contacted me regarding our stay... nice...  DON'T DO IT! Go somewhere else for your money!
Why put the toilet so close to the bed? If you're kinky and wanna hear your friends icing the porcelain cake with chocolate frosting, then the Stratosphere is for you. I loved this place so much that I dripped puke all through their casino. One of my best friends slept on the floor with a coverlet as a blanket. And in conclusion, I ate the whole thing. This place hardcore sucks balls. I said it, cuz I'm classy like that.
I am late in writing my review as my stay was in October of 2010 - but I wanted to share my experiences with the staff in regards to the lack of customer service I had received while there.. . We flew in from Portland in the late afternoon and took a cab to the hotel where we checked in and were given our room.  We were not offered any assistance with our bags which but I didn't take notice of it at that point but it is strange due to the fact that most most hotels offer that right away.  I would have refused it however it was the start of our glorious stay at the Stratosphere!. . We went to our room on the 7th floor and plopped our suitcases and duffle's up on the bed for unpacking when I promptly took my shoes off to walk around the room, scope the place out and get ready to shower.  I came across a 12 inch diameter wet spot on the floor next to the bed and my socks were soaked right away.  . . I hopped out of the wet spot and stripped off my socks and looked around the room for more wet spots - nothing.  I wasn't about to put my face down to smell the floor but the first thing that came to mind was someone else was unhappy with the hotel and decided to take a whiz before they left or they were drunk from the nightlife and spilled their stomach contents on the floor prior to checking out - and I just got it all over my socks and feet.  . . The front desk was called and informed of the issue, we were told not to do anything, standby and that someone (the manager) would be right up.  30 minutes go by and another call is made to the front desk - "someone is on the way" they say.  20 minutes go by and we are wondering where this person might be?  We discuss how quite the casino was and the front desk/lobby was not busy at all.  Someone should be here any moment.   Give them a bit longer, perhaps another group of planes came in and they got busy - however we want to get this resolved so we can unpack and go see Vegas, it is our first time here.. . We waited another 20 minutes and we call again and are told the same thing - someone is on the way.  We tell them to please hurry up as we have been waiting over an hour and we are hungry, want to unpack and shower and go eat as we have been flying all day.  No problem we are told, just a few more minutes.. . Total time waited at this point before I call - 1.5 hours and I call the front desk and ask for the manager (who is supposed to be on the way to our room) and they pick up the phone and proclaim "Service Manager can I help you".  Hello, do you know which room number I am in?  "Yes sir".  Do you know of the complaint we called about previously?  "Yes sir".  Are you aware that for the past HOUR AND A HALF you were supposed to have been on the way to our room to get this resolved and we have been sitting here patiently waiting for you?  "I will be right there sir".. . He knocked on our door within 5 minutes and looked at the spot then told us that they just cleaned the carpets, it is nothing.  I asked him why is this one spot soaking wet and not the entire carpet then if the carpet was cleaned?  if it were cleaned, the entire carpet would be damp.  If he is so sure that the spot is from the carpet cleaning, perhaps smelling the spot wouldn't be out of the question?. . The manager said absolutely out of the question, I had a valid point and he would move us to a different room immediately and have someone else come in and "clean these carpets again".. . We were moved to a new room on the 19th floor I think it was where indeed the entire carpet was damp and smelled of a fragrant soap.  The manager stated that this one was obviously cleaned and apologized and left.  That was it, nothing about leaving us sitting in the piss/puke room or about putting us in a room with a completely damp carpet.  We called downstairs again and asked them to bring up fans to dry out this carpet and they did.  They offered NOTHING for the hassle and no apologies for the wait.. . The entire stay construction was going on throughout the day and night, you could hear hammering through the walls and ceiling in the elevator as you came and went.  The food in this hotel/casino was pretty crappy.. . For 9 bucks more a night you can stay at the Luxor which is a cool place and in a safer location.  This hotel is also at the bad end of town and if you walk down to the strip you have to walk through the ghetto and there are some suspect people standing outside the t-shirt stores and liquor stores begging for money and scoping out the passers by.. . Spend your money elsewhere.
We have stayed here with a large group of people for the past 5 years.  This will be our last stay--place is not what it used to be.  Management has changed hands and service/quality has gone downhill.  They used to waive the $7.50/per day resort fee for us, but not anymore. Your resort fee gets you unlimited access to the tower which means absolutely nothing unless that is going to be your main entertainment during your stay.   . . Their "upgraded" rooms really aren't all that upgraded.   Room became stuffy and hot each night even with the air conditioning blowing full blast and down as far as it would go to 69.  A/C blows across the window toward the opposing wall and not into the room.  You could definitely smell smoke in the room and hallways even though it was a non-smoking room and portion of the floor.    We had a  jacuzzi tub--not worth the added expense.  Took 45 minutes to fill above the jets, and when you could turn the jets on, only 2 of the 6 really worked.  Shower head was terrible.  Towels were newer than in previous years, and housekeeping services were to be commended, at least for our room each day.. . C-bar and casino are smokey and noisy.  You cannot get service from the bartenders unless you are sitting at the bar playing the machines.  Waitresses will come over and ask you if you would like to order, but when we ordered from one, she never brought our order.  She came back 45 minutes later and remembered we had ordered and were still waiting, placed the order a second time, put it on her tray, but never brought that order either.   My advice is to go upstairs to the retail floor store and buy your beer there--its a dollar and a half cheaper than the bar, and you get it quicker.  . . Area outside the hotel is less than desire able--you are located in a severely depressed location on the strip, however, the first couple years we stayed here we were able to walk outside the hotel in a group.  Now that the Sahara hotel has closed, the undesireables who live outside on the street are more prevalent.  We were warned by a cab driver not to walk around the outlying area to get anywhere so we always took a cab.  Be warned--those who live on the outside easily make their way inside the hotel lobby, casino, restaurants and bar, and have incredibly easy access to all the elevators and any floor in the hotel.  They will follow you around and panhandle relentlessly.  Bartenders do nothing to get them to leave the bar area.  Do not leave your personal belongings laying by a slot machine--we heard of many peoples cell phone being stolen, while they were distracted by some "incident" around them  It used to be security was posted at each elevator entrance at night and you had to show your room key to get into the elevators but no more.  For the most part, security in this hotel is non-existent and when we tracked them down and approached them about our concerns, they seemed uninterested at most.  . . Eating options are extremely limited around this hotel.  The Mexican restaurant has good food, and in the past we have eaten at Fellini's Italian restaurant.  Other than that your options are Roxy's Cafe which is noisy and pricey for the amount, McDonalds, Tower Pizza and the Buffet.  Many of the stores on the Retail floor will give you a 10% discount if you use your ACE/PLAY card--25% at the buffet.
Hotel was average, my view was ok but only on 7th floor. Be prepared to do alot of walking, it's so crazy how if you get on the wrong elevator you end up on some mystery floor. Everything is totally expensive in the restaurants and bars, the back alley bars bartenders charge different prices every time you order the same drinks, it's totally odd, burgers are 15 dollars just for a cheese burger that is all dry and nasty .  and be totally ready to have everybody offer "upgrades" some do it nice and some are just down right pushy and sneaky, telling you how much better it is blah blah blah, worked one time on me with the rental car but not again...everybody wants your money so have a budget and watch out for the scary area's and hookers.
I have never had an experience with a hotel as bad as the one I had this past weekend at the Stratosphere in Las Vegas.. . This week is my 36th birthday; so to celebrate, I decided, on the spur of the moment, to make a trip to Vegas togo to one of my favorite clubs last weekend.  I mean, why not? This past year, I received a kidney transplant. No more dialysis, so now I could travel freely. I had the money.  No reason not to, right?. . I originally wanted to just go and book whatever hotel room I could find while I was in Vegas itself, but at the urging of a close friend, I chose to go online and see if I could find a deal.  I used a third party website, and found a room at the Statosphere for $67 per night.  Since I was traveling late, and would not get there until after midnight, I booked it for Saturday, figuring I would stay overnight and come back to LA on Sunday. No problem, right?. . Apparently, in Las Vegas, days do not begin at midnight like they do everywhere else in the U.S.  They begin at 3pm, which was naturally not indicated on my confirmation.  So when I got to the Statosphere, and tried to check in at midnight itself, I was told that I would have to buy two days, because this was still considered Friday. No attempt to make good, just to charge me more money, a pattern I would later learn was typical for the Stratosphere.. . Across the street was a sleazy motel, so I figured I could just crash there for the night, and check into my room the next day. Since I did not have the much vaunted Statosphere for internet access, I searched for a wireless connection. As luck would have it, the city provides $5 wireless per day through Las Vegas.net. I bought two days, figured I would check in to the Statosphere the next day and all would be well.. . When I got to there, I learned why my room had been such a "bargain": it came with a glorious view of some storage area where apparently the hotel keeps scrap metal. Two windows worth, no less.  But that wasn't as bad as learning that the Stratosphere BLOCKS wireless providers so you have to buy theirs... at $11 a day.. . Flabbergasted that a ritzy (cough!) hotel would be this cheap, I realized that I would have to use the phone to make my plans for the night. Not a big deal, I have a phone card, and their phone's display said local calls were free, except that, well, they're not.  When I just got a rapid dialtone whenever I dialed nine, I tried calling the front desk for a solution. They put me on hold FOREVER.  I tried other numbers - the concierge, the operator, SOMETHING - to find out what was wrong with my phone so I didn;t have to sit on hold, but to no avail.  The Statosphere wanted me to hold on for five minutes, no matter what. So I did, only to learn that local calls are A DOLLAR each. What's on the phone, I guess, was put there by the manufacturer, because no one in their right mind would believe a luxury hotel would charge a buck each for LOCAL calls. But the Statosphere is not like other hotels.  It's far worse.. . So I used the cell, got to where I needed to go, and got the Hell out of there, discovering my favorite thing about the Statosphere - check out is easy and fast. I'm sure they had to do that because they get so many.. . Bottom line, unless you're part of the 1%, stay at Circus Circus if you're going to Las Vegas on a budget. And stay as far from the Statosphere as you can. The tower, I now believe, was put in to distract you from how horrible this place is. Never again.
One word.... ROACHES!. Its impossible for me to give this hotel anything over 1 star because I found a roach lingering in our restroom.  That is a deal breaker and ruins a stay automatically.  Paid money to sleep in a roach infested room., disgusting.. Now to be fair, the good and bad of it all:. Good: Nice, fun pool and service was good. . Felini's was awesome!!! Delicious and service wonderful.. Bad:. Roaches. Toilet not flushing on first night and took 5 hours before someone came to fix.. Far off the main strip. Valet service is slow and don't make it a point to open doors. The decor looks like its from 1972. . Do not stay here!!!  Its not worth the cheap room rate, seriously
I am currently writing this review from my laughably terrible room at the Stratosphere using the laughably expensive $12 a day internet (more on that later).. . This whole place just reeks of quiet desperation and looming bankruptcy. Tired, old and sad.. . My best friend, her husband and two of our other friends were coming to Vegas and were not in a position to be high rollers so when my friend booked the rooms, we got the cheapest place available pretty much. It WAS ridiculously cheap (I think less than $40 a night for our room) but I really wish we had spent ten or fifteen bucks more a night and stayed somewhere nicer and closer to the nicer part of the strip. We would have ended up spending the same amount of money anyways, since a cab is a minimum of $15 each way to the Bellagio or Aria etc and can be as much as $25 if you leave a 20% tip and pay by credit card, for which there is a $3 fee) and we would have been so much happier. After reading through all the other shitty reviews of the place, I have to say our experience seems pretty typical. We didn't notice the neighborhood feeling particularly ghetto or feel unsafe walking to the car at night, but maybe that's because most of us grew up in East or West Oakland? I have stayed in a lot of really posh hotels, a lot of really cheap motels and plenty of shitty hostels and this was truly the worst spot I have stayed at overall. I would have much preferred to stay at a Motel 6 or Howard Johnsons, etc. . . CONS. . - When we arrived we had to stand around for fifteen minutes and then go hunt down a bellhop who would take our bags up to our room.. . - Our room was fucking gross in addition to not being updated since the early 80's I'm guessing. The bathroom was dirty and the size of a broom closet. The lights flickered forever before turning on and were not very bright. It was pretty smoky smelling. The window (singular) is only 2.5 feet wide and has a gorgeous view of the parking garage. The TV remote was out of batteries and the sound was off from the picture. There was no refrigerator. The toilet took multiple flushes to flush any toilet paper. I found a small cockroach in the bathroom. On the second night our tub wouldn't drain (like ten inches of water to stand in while showering and then couldn't shower because it would overflow). We complained about each of the problems that were fixable and they did eventually send someone up to clean/give a new remote/look at the toilet/fix the tub draining problem, but they never once offered to switch our room or comp us anything for our inconvenience.. . - Super far from everything, as I mentioned previously. We probably spend more than $100 on cabs in three days.. . - They charge $12 a day for internet PER COMPUTER!!! Not only this, but on the third day, they charged me twice for internet for my laptop and it wouldn't even work. I called the service number where I was then disconnected twice before finally hearing that the charge had been removed and they fixed whatever the problem was with the internet.. . - The service was shitty almost everywhere in the hotel and casino. I don't gamble but the whole casino just looked so tired and sad and desperate. The other casino's we walked through looked much more lively and with much more attractive people. . . - The food is gross (especially if you're a 'foodie', but lets be honest, even the fine dining establishments in Vegas are at least something of a tacky copy of their namesake's better restaurants in New York or The Bay Area). We ate at Roxy's diner and it was like a subpar Mel's diner with the same tacky 50's theme. I had the caprese eggs benedict which was ok but the eggs were really overcooked (totally opaque yellow and hard in the yolks). I had eaten one half and asked the manager to either remake it or refund me 50%. He agreed. Then when the check came he had only taken off 25%. I complained and he rolled his eyes and took off another 25%.. . -We heard other people staying at the hotel complain about having their room robbed (I can't confirm this obviously, but they seemed believable). We chose not to have our rooms cleaned during the three days we were here because we were worried that valuable or medication might disappear. . . - Weak drinks. A pitcher of daquiris a person at the pool bar brought on nary a buzz. Boo. Even when we supplemented them with one or two 'alcohol infused popsicles'. These things were kind of hilarious. They had to put some kind of gelatin in them to solidify the alcohol so consuming them really was like blowing a guy with a frostbitten semi. . . PROS. + When we finally did get a bellhop to bring our luggage up, he was a really sweet old guy who rapped west coast shit for us. A little Snoop and Pac.. . + At the pool we went to, the bartender was really nice. I dropped my $22 pitcher (its a SMALL pitcher) of strawberry daiquiri and he replaced it for free. . . + The bed was actually pretty comfy. I slept well and had no back problems, which is rare for me
Just wanted to write a quick review. Stayed in this hotel in September of last year (2011). It is SO hot in vegas in september. Also, if you take a shuttle from the airport to this htoel it is SOOO FAR from EVERYTHING , that you have to pay EXTRA for "downtown" and not the "Strip" so its about a $3 difference.. . The pool isn't on the ground its somewhere in the middle. It was NOT Fun, or NIce. The tropicana has a WAY better pool and is only a little bit more at the other end of the strip.. . If you miss the bus, and have to wait in the heat to get back to the stupid stratosphere its miserable. OR if you have the bright idea to WALK, it takes forever.. . The food is ok. The views at the top were nice, but at night there was wind and we could feel the tower MOVING. It literally made me sick to my stomach!. . SO far, if you are young dont stay here. I would suggest The Flamingo or somewhere closer to the middle of the strip. it's very depressing, the stratosphere isn't close to ANYTHING!  Also, one of the closest hotels the Sahara has shut down (I believe just a few months before we got there), so the monorail doesn't go this far out .. . DONT STAY HERE!
My husband and I scrimped and saved every last extra penny for a year so we could take a trip when our young son was old enough to leave with Grandma and Grandpa for 5 days. We decided to go to Vegas, since it's cheap to fly there, and I had never been. I think our choice of hotel essentially ruined the entire trip. From the moment the cab driver dropped us off the service was lousy. We had to wait HOURS for our room to be ready, when we were told it'd be minutes. Still early in the trip with our wide eyed optimism we checked our bags and decided to check out "the shops." After a short trip through a curving hallway of novelty shops and closed up gates, we were left wanting. We were hungry so we ate at McDonald's only restaurant on the "shopping level" besides Mexican food reeking of dirty socks filled with chicken. After we ate we decided to check out the casino floor, and gamble a little. No one looked happy to be there, the bartender at the big circular bar was aloof and disinterested. When we finally got to the room it was all right...we weren't planning on spending a whole lot of time there anyhow. We choose the place because it was cheap...how could we expect a whole lot more than what we got? But after the first night trying to walk the strip from the Stratosphere, we took cabs for the rest of the trip. We definitely made up for what we saved on the room on taking cabs all night long for the rest of our stay.. . Not worth it. Really put a damper on the whole trip.
Well, during this trip to Vegas I stayed in Stratosphere two times: my first time and my last time. Unfortunately I read reviews on yelp after we came back, I should do it before we reserved hotel. But well, let think I paid for my mistake.. . It was first time in my life I saw hotel aplomb of five star place and amenities worse than in motel in the middle of nowhere. OK, I saw hotels with paid Internet in rooms, but not for $12/day. And all of them have free WiFi in public area, like cafe, business center, lobby, etc. But I forgot last time when I saw hotel without coffee machine and fridge in room.. . And one small piece of soap for four people tree days stay. I understood from one of reviewers, that new owners had to cut expenses, but is it really so bad, to make them save on soap?
I stayed at this hotel back in 2010 so decided to come back because of the excellent rate and first experience that we had. Our second experience of this hotel  in 2012 was the worst experience I have ever had in my life.. .  We checked into our hotel and came to find out that the shower had little to no water pressure at all and the water temperature did not warm up. I wanted to make sure I wasn't just being crazy so I had my husband check it out as well. Low and behold it was not just me. . . We called maintenance and it took them several hours to come to our room and look at it. Finally they said they could see the issue but he could not fix it and would need to call for an additional repair man. It took them an additional call and seven hours for them  to come up to our room and we had a show to attend that evening. . . When the second maintenace man came up he said that the entire side of this hotel had the same issue. Our question at that point was, if the entire side of this hotel had an ongoing water issue why did they book us in this room. . . We decided to go to our nine pm show and returned later that evening. I decided to go to the front desk and speak with the night manager. She kept apologizing and saying the hotel is "old." I told her that the hotel definately might be aged but this water issue was not acceptable. I do not mind if the pressure isn't all that hard in the shower, but to have one drop coming out of the shower head is just ridiculous. . . The manager said I can credit you the resort fee of $7.50 only. I just got back from Las Vegas and the hotel charged me the full amount for my stay 220.00. They did not even credit me the little $15.00 fee that they said they would. I will be calling my bank to disupte this and Iwill also be contacting them to fight for a credit for my one night of a non functional bathroom. . . We will never be returning to this hotel ever again! Is it to much to ask that we are able to take an actual shower?
Stayed for one night. I got one of the new rooms. Rooms are nice and clean. Hotel is clean and the staff was nice. Here is the bad- There was about a one inch gap between the door and the door frame. As a result, the hallway light shined into my room all night. I could hear everything going on in the hallway. Doors slamming all night, people putting their key cards into the machine to open the door, people using the ice machine and talking. it was one of the worse nights of my life. I will never stay at this hotel again. They paid to update the rooms but did not do anything to keep out the noise. I have been to Vegas over twenty times and have stayed in a lot of hotels. I have never had an experience like this.
The worst hotel in the history of hotels. A total waste of money. Oh we got a strip room? Nope, we didn't. You have to pay to use the internet, $11.99 for 24 hours, you have to pay to use the pool, $7.50 a night. No fridge or microwave. Everything expensive. Staff didn't seem to know shit about ANYTHING. $50 deposit to make phone calls and they charged $25 for a two minute call. No shuttle they told us so we paid 40 dollars to a cab to take us there even though there ended up being a shuttle!!!! Worst hotel. Will NEVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER EVER stay there again. I don't give a shit if they give it to us for free, I would rather stay at a Travelodge or Motel 6 than the Stratosphere. Crap! Crap! Crap!
Was excited about seeing the strip from the top. But I didn't know that it would cost $16 just to ride the elevator to the top, and when you get to the top what a dump! The restaurant was closed for some reason when we where there, the top area is sectioned off into different "areas." For some reason there is a deli and a shitty bar. I knew it wasn't a 4 star hotel but god damn this place is run down. If there is a micky d's in the casino...beware!
I used to have a good stay at this hotel, but after many years it has completely changed.  They do not update their rooms and the customer service is horrible!  I was in a room in the old tower (which I just booked on expedia and had no idea I was going to get this old, outdated room).  Well, my toilet didnt work.  They were trying to tell me that the plumber was going to have to be there for an hour or so and come back with parts.  UM NOOO!!!  I demanded to be moved/upgraded to another room.  This was like pulling teeth!  I did in fact get upgraded to another room and besides everything at the pool being closed (like drink and food service, which was ridiculous), I was relatively ok.  THEN...went to go use my sink and it was broken and clogged.  I called customer service again and they would do absolutely nothing about it.  I asked for a room comp and they said no.  They told me I could move to another room.  But after my stuff was all spread out all over the place, it was more of a pain to move, than to allow the sink just to fill to the top for them to clean out the next day.  If you are going to Vegas, pay a bit extra and go to a nicer hotel!
a lot smaller compare to other hotel on the strip, very disappointed i had to pay just to get to the top where the rides were an pay additional for the rides. shouldn't that just be free to go up to see the view? just another way to get you to cough up the dough. every casino on the strip had no problem bringing me a bottle water an drink but apparently they can't do i here.
DO NOT stay here if at all possible. Every single person that I spoke to was rude and incredibly condescending. As it was my fault that the company that I booked with and their staff did not communicate correctly about my reservation....  Even when I called to confirm that everything had been sorted, the girl who I spoke to at the front desk had complete attitude with me and said, "Uh yeah. What else do you want? Everything has been settled." Is it MY fault that you chose to work in an industry where people have issues? I can also confirm that I did not call angrily either, just anxious!. . The blankets were not warm enough for the weather either.  And they kept charging us extra for things that we shouldn't have been charged for! Also way further from the strip than they advertised, in my opinion. Only saving grace is that we only had to pay about $33/night because we made our booking through a third party.
There are plenty of reasons as to why I probably will never visit Stratosphere again, and why I had to check out two nights earlier:. . Area/Location: The Stratosphere doesn't feel as if it's even on the strip. One night when I was coming back from a El Nopal, people that were homeless and what seemed to be were drugs, approached me in a hostile manner. This occurred not once, but twice. Once going to El Nopal, and the second coming back. When heading to the restaurant, the first person got so close to me with alcohol on his breath and seemed began to yell at me to "Want me to tap that a** girl?". The second time coming back, another person came at me and grabbed my arm and asked me to, "Help me him out?". This is unacceptable, due to it being less than half a block away from the hotel. Added security should be a main concern to let guests feel as if they are safe.. . Front Desk Personnel - I did NOT feel welcome AT ALL when I checked in. The attendant did not ask how I was doing/how my day was. The vibe to begin with did not start my trip well. When I ended up leaving two days earlier, the attendant didn't even ask me how my stay was or care to even ask as to why I was checking out early. . . Room - Did not provide a Vegas atmosphere. Everything seemed bland and basic. The bathtubs in the bathrooms are so high, that the two times that I had to take a shower I almost tripped and fell onto the floor.. . Shops - Were empty, no one seemed to be actually doing their jobs, people in middle booths were texting and playing video games. There was a male at the henna tattoo booth who tried being flirtatious with me when I had not even acknowledged him. Other people actually doing their jobs in the shops had a depressed demeanor.
If there was an option for a negative rating, it would be a -5. Ok so let me run down the list of things that warrants the negative rating here: 1. Upon check-in, the girl who checked us in was rude. She asked if we wanted a smoking or non-smoking room and we requested a non-smoking room. She never asked if anyone was handicap either (my husband had spinal surgery so he's considered handicap). We get in the room and it smells like cigarette smoke and the towels also reeked of smoke meaning the towels weren't changed or clean for that matter. The tour of the rooms on the Internet are NOTHING like what we walked into. I was quite shocked to be honest. So we went down to registration to talk to the same rude ass chick and she changed our room. Again, she didn't ask if anyone was handicap but I told her I needed something handicap friendly and what does she do?! Put us in a room that WASN'T handicap friendly. My husband is very anal about hotel cleanliness so he checked the sheets and pillows when we got in. Two of the five pillows were stained so we asked housekeeping to bring us two clean pillows. Upon return that night, we were still two pillows shy. 2. The buffet was down right atrocious! The French toast tasted like it was the frozen crap that was microwaved too long so it was like chewing a piece of leather. The dessert was equally awful; bland, not sweet, and the soda was flat and the water tasted like tap water. 3. Top of the world restaurant..good gracious. The chick who checked us in at the bottom was a snot. We had an hour and a half to eat and somehow didn't eat! We got to the top and were seated quickly but our server seemed to be pre-occupied in serving other tables that came after us. She continued to walk by our table and say "I'll be right back". We managed to get a half a glass of wine that tasted like it was straight vodka and a $9 bottle of damn water. Everytime she walked by (about 5 times total) I tried to put in my order and she just kept saying she would be back. Now I really hate to pull the race card because I would like to think that the times have changed and people embrace diversity, but I'm doin it for this one. I also noticed the Asian family seated nearby was starting to get the same treatment. After waiting an hour for our waitress to attempt to take our order, we had to leave for a show in 30 minutes. She said she could have us out in 30 minutes but I wanted to enjoy my food and not inhale it, after all, we were going to drop a substantial amount of money there, I just wanted to enjoy it and our waitress killed it. Needless to say, we spent half of our honeymoon at the stratosphere trying to work out problems that shouldn't be there. I will never come back here. Please do yourself a favor and RUN AWAY!!!!
Seemed like we were in the ghetto.  It was dirty and a scary crowd was in the casino.  Husband was approached by a hooker one night in the casino. Then the next night was approached my a man of color and asked if he wanted to help him "roll a drunk"  no security was seen from Friday - Sunday during our visit.  . . We were checked into our room, but when we got up to it, there was already someone in there!  Housekeeping did not knock, just walked in on Saturday. Then woke us up early on Sunday to "check and see if we had checked out".  These are just some of the problems we had.  . . When I brought it to their attention when we checked out I was told "What do you want me to do about it?"  I said  I guess nothing.  I have tried to contact them since we got homeas well to inform them of the problems and have not received any response.  . . Our next trip we will NOT be staying at this place and I suggest you keep on looking too!  Cheap is not always better.
We booked a trip to Vegas on short notice and all of the hotel prices on the strip were astronomical ($300+ a night most everywhere we looked). We ended up getting matched with The Stratosphere on Priceline for $83/night. We checked out the reviews and decided for the price and the love/hate reviews it would be worth a try.. . We checked in on a Friday afternoon and we were initially impressed with the service. Everyone was very knowledge and friendly and we were swiftly whisked away to our room. . . On first glance, our room looked comparable to a Best Western or Days Inn. Everything looked fairly clean and was decorated in the generic motif that you expect a midrange hotel to have.  . . I wish I could end this review on such a positive note..... . We were given a small room with 2 double beds. It was just my boyfriend and I, so we picked the bed farthest from the door in which to take a nap before the nights festivities. We pulled back the blankets and immediately noticed spots of what appeared to be blood on the sheets. Disgusting. We checked out the other bed which was clean and decided to call the front desk to inform them of what we had found. We were put on hold in excess of 20 minutes and the system eventually hung up on us.  Luckily, we had the second bed or I would have flipped out on someone.. . Later in the same evening we each went to take a shower and noticed that there was still smears of makeup on one of our towels. Really? We called down to housekeeping to ask for more. Again, it took about 15 minutes to be connected and the woman who answered was very unpleasant. I asked to have towels sent up and informed her of our room number and she literally said "Fine." And slammed down the phone. Surprise, surprise....I waited for 45 minutes before giving up on the towels and getting ready to go. The towels never came and we were almost late to our dinner reservations.. . The next day our bathroom/vanity lights went out. I had my boyfriend call this time. Same result. Put on hold forever and hung up on. While showering in the dark may seem like an adventure, it is not. It's incredibly annoying and our experience at this hotel had been ruined.  It was probably something as simple as a blown fuse, but apparently no one was willing to take the time to find out.. . The toilet seat was also broken, if you didn't hold it firmly against the tank while sitting down or peeing it would snap closed. . . At this point we decided to spend as little time at this hotel as possible. We spent as much time as we could out on the strip (which is NO WHERE NEAR the hotel....20-30 min. Deuce ride or a $15-$20 cab ride depending on traffic). It was closer to the Fremont Street area, but not by much. . . If you need a place to rest your head and watch the room spin, this may be the place for you. If you don't mind taking long drunken bus rides in the middle of the night, you just might like this place. I, for one, will NEVER go back to this hotel and will tell everyone I know to avoid it at all costs.  Lesson learned: I will fork out the cash for a nice room on the strip next time and spend my money elsewhere.
I called 2 hours in advance of arriving to verify our reservation, which was made through a 3rd party site. After repeated calls to different numbers listed on their site, someone finally answered and I was told everything was fine and assured the room type I requested. When we arrived they insisted I never called, and when I showed them my call log they continued to insist this despite it showing a 5 minute call to their hotel. After 6 hours they didn't have our reservation and refused to call to check it. They insisted we pay again but assured they would "fix it all" in the morning once they received their reservation. When we got to the room it was two "double" beds, not the king as I was told. The entire hotel floor was covered in garbage, discarded food trays,  and debris. The room floor was also full of trash and dirt. There were public hairs all over the tiny, squalid room, which smelled heavily of sweat and smoke. I couldn't stop sneezing all night. The towels did not look clean and one was even damp and crumpled. The room walls are paper thin and you hear every person in the hall and in the nearby rooms. It was a horrible experience. When I spoke to the supervisor he only made flimsy excuses and platitudes. What a disgusting place. They don't even meet the minimum standards of cleaning or customer services that you would expect from a one-star hotel. Honestly, once you add in the resort fee ($13) and the taxi (about $25 each way, because its ridiculously far from the decent casinos and in a crappy, somewhat unsafe area), you may as well stay at a better place regardless of if you you got a good rate from a third party site.
One of the least pleasant hotel experiences I've had. First of all I should say that we only paid $62 including tax and resort fee for one night, so our expectations were not high - I realise you get what you pay for. But we paid for a non-smoking room, and got a non-smoking room which stank of cigarette smoke - yuck. . . We did actually get upgraded from the smallest/most basic type to a "King suite". However, this just meant a bigger bed (this was admittedly comfy) and a bigger but weird-shape room. Our TV was so far from the bed that the remote wouldn't work without us getting up and walking across the room!. . The room was clean but dated, and despite having our AC set to 66, we both woke up sweating in the heat in the night. . . Wifi, often free in cheap hotels, was $12 for 24 hours, but whereas with the Cosmo I could use the Internet anywhere in the building, here I could only get a (patchy) signal in the room. The speed was appalling and it kept dropping out completely. . . Finally, our shower only gave us lukewarm water in the morning.. . Overall we couldn't wait to get out of this place.
Bed bugs!!!!!!! Bed bugs. My husband and I had to stay at the Stratosphere until our apt was ready to move in. I was in one room and everything in the bathroom stopped working we were switched to another room. I woke up two days later with what I thought was a rash at the time. I went to quick care and was told that the appeared to be Bed Bug bites. I went back to the room and low and behold there were several Bed Bugs I found. I immediately told the hotel manager and was moved to another room. I made a report with the security. I had bites all over my body that turned into these big dark spots that looked like little rashes. No one never inspected the room while I was there this was done days later. Security took pictures of my body in the new room. I had to buy all these different itch  creams, take all my cloths, bags, luggages, shoes ect to the cleaners to get steamed cleaned and washed because the only way to kill these Bed Bugs are by high heat. Finally risk managment got intouch woth me and said theu had some one come to check it out and it was negative sign of bed begs. I have pictures showing these things. The hotel didnt compensate me for all the money I had to spend to get rid of these bugs they offered me a complimentary dinner at the nasty a** disgusting resturant cafe these people are a fuc****  joke and im still suffing from the incident. This hotel is the fuc**** worst. Please please spend a little extra money and find a better hotel to stay at. The worst hotel in my life.
Worst fucking valet line ever. Even with a sign the lane is apparently "not for valet". I see no valet drivers either even though the security guy told me valet is still open!. . As for the casino, this is the creepiest hotel resort I have EVER been to on The Strip! Like the Circus Circus, it caters primarily to the hillbilly and redneck tourists. Anyone who is not missing all but their front two incisors are either passing by or headed to the rides and bungee jumps at the very top of the casino.. . Often you can gauge the quality of a hotel's clientele by the looks of the cocktail waitresses. If they look fucking old or octogenerian, and still wears the company-standard uniforms that shows WAY TOO MUCH (cover your fucking eyes!), then they probably cater to a group of gamblers that are mainly homeless on the penny slots. . . Personally, I use this place as a convenient parking spot for First Friday. . . The parking garage lanes are VERY confusing though. It's kind of like a very tightly wound maze that goes 20 stories up.
It's cheap.. . It served its purpose -- a place to sleep. But that's all it is -- a place to sleep. It's so far away from the center of the strip, you're better off finding a place closer to the middle than wasting cabfare.. . The casino smells like years of smoke that have etched itself into every crook and nanny of every slot machine and every chair. As if third-hand smoke couldn't get any worse, you can SEE the cigarette burns EVERYWHERE.. . My former roommate did the bungie jump at the top and said that was pretty cool. Otherwise, save your money and time and stay somewhere else.
This was suppose to be my happiest day for me. I had Family and friends stay here along with me for my wedding. I would never recommend staying here. We had nothing but problems with our room. The air conditioning didn't work. On my wedding night my husband had to go through 10 rooms to find one acceptablefor my mother and father in law to stay in. My husband and I arrived on June 29,2013 and left on July 1, 2013. We booked the Oasis room and was placed in a different room, like my mother and fathers and in-laws room the air conditioner didn't work. They down graded us into a room that was worse then the first room. On our wedding night we were being bounced around. Finally on our last night we were put in the room that we first thought that we paid for. My husband spent more time in with the Manager than with me. Not very pleased with them.
Terrible place to stay or play. The A/C hardly worked, and you can't turn it down past 68F. Noisy guests slamming doors all night long and screaming in the halls. No Security presence outside the floor. Housekeeping never came during stay despite a phone call down stairs and the "service requested" side of the do not disturb hanger showing. I have played at most of the casinos in Vegas and I call foul on the table games. The tables are dirty, the dealers are rude, and I honestly feel there is some funny business going on. As in rigged. I have had good runs and bad but this place is a joke. I can go into plenty of details if anyone else has had the same experience. Would not play or stay at this grind joint again. Lesson learned!
It seemed like nothing here worked. I called downstairs because the tv wasnt working, they said theyd send someone to look at it, after over an hour of waiting we called again and finally they came up and gave us a new remote. The elevator closest to our room was not working for some time so we had to walk to the other side of our floor to take the other elevator. The light in the  bathroom flickered for a while before staying on and was not worth it at all for the price, I would never come back here or reccommend this place to anyone.
The room smelled like smoke (non-smoking room) ac barely worked. Tv didnt work. Outlet in bathroom kept blowing the fuse. Hair drier started smoking. The room was $100 & only stayed one night...to much money & too long in this hotel.  And don't walk by yourself outside at night. I heard the pool was nice but didn't stay around to check it out!
Yes, it's cheap, and for a reason... I spend 35 minutes on hold for the front desk just to have someone tell me that I need to come downstairs... All to extend my stay by one day! I'll be extending my stay here in Vegas by going to another hotel. You'd be wise to do the same...
Not my favorite place in Vegas... Kinda reminded me of a Best Western type hotel. Did not have that Vegas "wow" factor. Will not be staying here again...
At the craps table for over an hour gambling, no one came by to offer us drinks. We asked the manager and other waitresses. NO ONE CAME.  WORST SERVICE EVER. I came here before of the view and the lounge at the top of the stratosphere. That is the ONLY SAVING GRACE. It's so far away from the rest of the strip, it isn't worth it. The view above is AMAZING. I'll be writing a review for the lounge, but I would never suggest anyone to stay here or gamble here.
I've stayed at 3-star hotels and even 2 1/2-star hotels on the Strip that had clean rooms and since Stratosphere is considered a "3-star" hotel, I didn't think twice to book a 4-night stay especially when the rooms were on sale.  . . When we first checked in, I was surprised about the $16 "mandatory" resort fee they wanted for each day.  Since my room was already prepaid, I had no choice to accept it.  At the other hotels on the strip, I can opt out paying the resort fee.   At check in they told us that we would be checked in at the lower floors and if we wanted to upgrade it would be $20 a night.  Now do the math.....$29 a night plus taxes, then +$16 a night, +$20 a night for a better room.  I could have spent that money for another room down the street!  I should've seen the red flag at that moment but decided to stick with the room I payed for.. . The room we had was disgusting!  I don't mind a real basic room just as long as its clean!! The only thing that was new in the room was the bed.  The bathtub had filmed on dirt and the toilet was really noisy. No mini-fridge and safe.   The worst thing of all was that it was too dusty!  The A/C vent had so much dust built up that the weak air spewing out  made you breath in dust!!!!!  It's unsanitary.  The rug also needed a much needed shampoo.  After complaining, we eventually were moved to a better room.. .  After complaining about dust, you would think the housekeeping would wipe things down better.  After coming back to the hotel at night, I can see the dust build up on the cabinets, which I would wiped down myself.  Also, they should clean the bathrooms better.. . Aside from the cleanliness, its far from everything else. I didn't really want to walk the area.  It's better to just use your car if you intend to go some place at night. One last thing, it takes forever to get a drink when gambling.. . I won't be a repeat customer.  To me it's not a 3-star hotel that they said it was.......NOPE....not a 3-star hotel.
So extremely disappointed. My mother booked two nights at the Stratosphere for a much needed couples week-end with my husband. She used Expedia. Cus we Expedia the Stratosphere kept telling us we booked with a third party and to work details out with them. Expedia said to call hotel and request room type and preferences. When I did I was told hotel did not have our reservation from Expedia yet and call back day before.  When I called a day before I was told rudely we were in the "old un remodeled part of the tower in two queen bed and it was to late to make changes". Once we got there we did get one queen bed but very far from the pool and with a horrible view of the rooftop of another building and depressing North Las Vegas. We ate diner at Mac gross -the most pathetic attempt at a steak house. Gross. The pool closes at 7. There is only ONE POOL and it's full of kids in clothes. Sunday we slept in. Skipped brunch an decided to have dinner in the tower at 11:00pm. Everything was closed (with exception of the diner) club 107 had only 4 appetizers available out of the entire menu. None appetizing. By the way... We had to pay $15  per person per day to. Use the facilities as a guest of the hotel! WTF?! That was $90 extra for a gross kid filled jacuzzi and a pool that closed at 7! A restaurant that closed too early to enjoy and a stinky old room with a debtor easing view. No wonder 7 people have committed suicide here! We should have stayed in Laughlin!
Staying at the Stratosphere was right up there with THE worst experience I have ever had at a hotel stay. I have traveled all over and stayed at many different hotels from 2 stars to 5 stars and this takes the cake on one of the worst. . . Not only did I find a COCKROACH on the first day on the night stand next to where we sleep at night..!!!!!! Which alone is horrible and appalling, but the tub was completely disgusting with hair left from previous hotel guests and other particles. I can't express how important cleanliness is to me when staying away from home. After I PERSONALLY cleaned the tub to relax before a night out I turned on the jets and two jets FELL right out of the tub! I tried to fix them but they were obviously broken and had been for some time. When I drained the tub after a bath, all the water came straight up into the shower drain (they are completely separate from one another) with such a putrid smell I had to leave the bathroom for a good 30 minutes before I could then WASH the shower floor so I could step in it without getting dirty water/sewage all over our feet. . . The entire hotel floor stunk of vomit or some sort of stench we could never figure out. Did I mention this was the suite that we HAD to upgrade (and pay for) because the hotel room we were given previously had a view of the parking lot with the smallest hotel room I've ever stayed in Vegas? The elevator from our floor to the lobby was sticky and the elevator button was broken from stickiness or some other substance blocking it from working our entire stay.. . All we could hear the entire time we were in our hotel room (which we tried to stay out of as much as possible) was the shaking of the elevators going up and down and the doors opening. I will never stay or recommend anyone to ever stay at the Stratosphere. I am appalled and disgusted with the conditions and customer service of this hotel. After awhile all we could do was laugh at the situation and got the heck out of there as soon as we could! You might as well stay at the Holiday motel across the street, at least that would be cheaper.
Terrible experience.  The distance from all the good stuff doesnt even have anything to do with my lack of satisfaction here.  The rooms are DISGUSTING!  Staff sucks.   Housekeeping walked in on me.  Water pressure is crap.  I do NOT recommend this to anyone!  Stay clear of this one.  However, the Tower itself is nice to visit :-) HOTEL and SERVICE IS TERRIBLE!
Absolute worst hotel I've ever been to. Cleanliness is not of importance for this hotel. The bathroom door hinges were all rusty. Also the bathroom shower head was just covered in green build up. Some of the TV control buttons did not work. As another reviewer did mention, this hotel definitely does try to nickel and dime you on everything. After talking to the front desk in regards to my concerns, they didn't have any other rooms to move me to and told me to come back the next day and couldn't offer anything for the inconvenience. The buffet was way over priced for what they offered there and the quality was really bad. Definitely my first and last stay at this hotel. Advice yelpers, save your time and money as this place isn't worth any of it.
if i were you guys i would stay far far away. came her on the weekend of Oct/18- 0ct/20. i booked a reservation prio to coming here and paid everything up front. when i checked in the front desk told me that nothing would be taken out of my account. Friday night, i get an alert on my account stating a $100 transaction has posted to my account. called the hotel and they informed me it was a mistake and would release it immediately. bank told me it should be realesed already if not tuesday. Almost 2 weeks later i call back today and tell them i still havnt gotten anything. They dont care. as far as im concerned taking money without authorization is stealing. they try to rip you off. never bak to this hotel AGAINNNNN!!! spare yourself. never had to write  a review but this was absolutely necessary.
This place is horrible!!  Sink backed up and black mold on the shower curtain!  I called and they fixed the sink but left the mold so I could feel like home in the ghetto!. . Be warned... Stay at your own risk!
My wife and I had a stay scheduled at the Venetian and decided to come into town a night early and check out the Stratosphere as it was part of the Southwest Rapid Rewards program. Upon arriving in our room, we quickly noticed a strong odor of cigarette smoke in the room. We had specifically requested a non-smoking room when booking and confirmed this with the front desk while we were checking in. The bathroom also scored failing points as the toilet seat wouldn't stay up. This might sound like a minor thing, but it's not. As a man, I had to hold the seat up with one hand so it wouldn't fall down on me as I was going #1. Additionally, the walls of our room were paper thin, so we could hear our neighbor's conversation word for word (they also were disappointed with the room).. . Shortly after checking in, we headed up to their Top of the World rotating restaurant where we had made reservations and were meeting another couple. From the moment we sat down, we felt that the server (Rebecca H. according to my receipt) was in a rush to get us out the door. We came for fine dining and I wasn't even asked if I wanted a drink before dinner. Truly astonishing! When it came time to receive the check, we asked Rebecca if she would split it by couple. She didn't even try to hide how frustrated this made her. She was able to split it, but not after making a production about how she had to go "look into whether or not this could be done." Give me a break. Our table had spent nearly $400 in total on this dinner. A real restaurant would have asked us if we wanted the check split before printing it out.. . As for the food, my wife and I both ordered the filet. I thought it was average and she thought it was slightly below average. My advice: check out the observation deck (free for hotel guests) but skip dinner here. It's nothing special.. . After dinner, we headed over to the Bellagio to gamble and drink for the remainder of the evening and early morning. We returned to the Stratosphere at approximately 4am. From the front door, we had to walk the length of the casino to get to the north elevators. We had dressed up for the night. I was in a suit and my wife was wearing a classy, shorter cut dress. As we passed through the poker room, there was only one game going on which wasn't surprising given the hour. As we passed this table, I immediately began hearing heckling aimed at my wife coming from the approximately seven men playing at this table. The phrase that sticks out in mind is "she's gonna take it tonight." Of course, it's also hard to forget the sexual grunting and moaning sounds that we were also treated to. As I looked back at the table, they began to actually mock me with chants of "oh look, he's getting mad now!" What upsets me more than these comments themselves was that neither the dealer or the poker floor manager who was standing nearby said a word to the players. I doubt that this heckling technically broke any hotel or casino rules, but they certainly broke the rules of common decency. I own a business and if I learned that two of my employees sat idly and let this go on without saying a word, I would have been furious and the employees would have been reprimanded and/or fired on the spot. It was so disrespectful to us as customers and to my wife as a woman that neither employee had the guts to say "calm down guys" or "those type of comments aren't appreciated here".. . When we got back to the room, I called the front desk and they transferred me over to the poker floor manager who we had previously walked by. After telling him what we had happened, he told me there were two poker games going on and that I would have to give him a description of the dealer so he could determine which was the problem table. This was an outright lie. There was only one game going on. I decided that was enough on the phone and walked down to the front desk. Here I was, a paying hotel guest who had also spent over $200 at dinner in the hotel earlier in the night, standing at the front desk at 4:30am. I spent about 20 minutes talking with the night manager who "would be just as upset" if he was in my position but "men will be men especially in Vegas". In the end, I wound up with free breakfast and a late checkout.. . For what it's worth, the breakfast sucked. My stomach didn't feel right for the entire rest of our trip. The moral of the story: you get what you pay for! We'll never step foot in this place again.
Size of the room we were given was OK.But the bathroom,OMG,that is one horrible experience.. The tub is light 2 foot higher from the ground level and I fell down almost every time I stepped out of the shower.. And the actual shower did not seem to be in a normal working condition.. The internet was 12.99 a day,and you have to give your credit card details to a web link to get that activated.. We gave the credit card details and it said it could not process the transaction.. BUT WE WERE CHARGED ON THE CARD.. we enquired the front desk about the same and they said they could not refund the money as we did not go through them to get the connection(THE REASON THEY TOLD US IS THAT WE HAVE USED THE WEB LINK WHICH IS A THIRD PARTY).WHAT THE HECK?. OVERALL,THE experience is BAD.
I love Vegas! I visit all the time and have always had a pleasant experience with the hotels I stay in. However, this past weekend I stayed here at the stratosphere. From the moment I stepped into the hotel I knew it wasn't going to be great. I got in at about 1:30pm, granted check in was not until 3pm. I have never had any issues with being accommodated when arriving early at a hotel. If there are rooms available, check ins are simple and hassle free. Not the case here, with just 1 1/2 before check in, they had a $10 charge because I was "checking in early." Really?? The $10 weren't the issue, the attitude and tone of the lady "assisting" us to check in was extremely rude! Customer service is huge! And the stratosphere employees all seem to hate their jobs! No one greets you, and when you attempt to ask a question, it's as if you're bothering them! . Sad to say, but I will never be staying here again. . L
Worst hotel we have ever stayed at here in Vegas. We checked in and the first room they gave us had a hazardous material waste bag right outside our door. We went to switch rooms, we requested non smoking and the second one smelled liked someone had just smoked in there! The third room was finally ok but the whole floor smelled like smoke. Oh and the towels smelled like smoke as well! If you are a non smoker I would NOT recommend this place to stay.
The absolute worst hotel where we have stayed. Checking with Cory from Long Beach couldn't be any ruder. Claimed the room we booked and paid for 10 months in advance was not available. Would not appologize and appeared to care less. We spoke with a manager who accomodated us but why couldn't Cory?. The room looks like something out of 1970 without any updates at all. There is a hanging light with a chain down the wall-seriously! No room safe and plastic cups wrapped in more plastic makes me start looking for the hookers. Motel 6 has better rooms and free wifi.. Avoid this hotel at all costs!
