The buffet is extremely overrated.  Its way over priced, we went on a Tuesday night and there was an 1 1/2 hour wait, so we decided to pay extra for the VIP.  The cost was $56.95, for that price i would recommend going to the SW and pay a little more, but it would be worth it!!!!  King crab legs were not even worth the wait.  Screaming kids all around us.  We asked to be moved to another table and waitress told us we would need to wait another 15 minutes, after 1/2 hour wait.  Food was typical buffetfood, nothing special.  Extremely disappointed.  If you have a car, travel to Red Rock Casino and get the same food for  $20.00.
went there during christmas week. line for lunch was 2 1/2 hours long.  Nothing spectacular...everything was below average other than prime rib & king crab leg.  such a waste of $ & tummy.  definitely would not recommend to anyone.
I was not pleased with Wynn Buffet, for 38.00 per person it really was a let down. I was not happy that the food selection and my guests were surprised also. The food was pizza, and prime rib, nothing specular. We went to Wynn thinking it was going to be the best. Sorry Steve, I was let down on this experience.
Worst buffet ever...  Selections was limited, steaks and lambs were not fresh.  Other high end buffets such as Bellagio would be a better bang for your bucks.  $50/ person including tips for our party of 8 was such a waste.
Very disappointed!!!!! Well luckily it was comp. bc i wouldn't want to pay for Wynn's buffet ever! lets just say i was VERY DISAPPOINTED!
YUCK.. YUCK... YUCK. What a complete disappointment my husband and I experienced at the Wynn.  The hotel itself is absolutely beautiful and we wouldn't think twice about staying there, however, there is NO way we will ever go back to the Buffet.  Like friends of ours we went at a perfect time, breakfast, but still there for the lunch.  It is a shame when you spend over $50 for two people and my one and only favorite item was the oatmeal.  I tried several other of their dishes, but each was a complete disappointment to the palete.  Little to no seasoning on anything.  I do have to say though, that the presentation is totally adorable and that is the only reason they get a star.  We tried the frittata, yuck, bland and no flavor.  Eggs benedict wasn't even appealing to sight.  Eggs were runny and no flavor and the breakfast meats were just ok.  We had hoped that as they switched out breakfast to lunch that the selections would be better, and the answer was a HUGE NO.  My husband said that if we had paid for the lunch price, we would have asked for a refund.  All I have to say is if you want some amazing food, where pretty much all of the selections are tasty and appealing, then head over to the Carnival World buffet, NOW that is worth the cost.  Don't let the Wynn's beauty deceive you into to beleiving that the food would be just as beautiful. (NOTE:  the desserts were absolutely adorable to look at, but the taste was horrible, just so sad that everything was not appetizing at all.)
It used to be a great buffet place, at least when I was there in Nov 2010. But now it sucks!!!. . My friends and I was there a couple of weeks ago. We waited in line for 20 minutes when they have plenty of empty seats inside. When we got in, the food selection wasn't as impressive as I remembered. The taste and quality was just so-so. It's definitely not on the same level as the high price they are asking for. The desserts were average as well. I was so disappointed and none of us was satisfied with our food. Now I know which place I won't go back again!
We had high hope before coming to the buffet. This buffet is certainly not worth $40 a piece. I had the dinner buffet on a wednesday night. Food varieties were very limited. Sea bass was not very impressive. And to be honest, I don't think it's Sea Bass. 7 out of 10 beverage glasses on the table are dirty.  The Curry doesn't have any taste. Other than the fruit pancake & creme brulee, desserts were not outstanding either. ,& are okay.  I'll not pay full price for this. I was trying to eat my $40 worth of food back, I don't think I did
I want to curse everyone I know who recommended this craptacular buffet. I don't even know where to start. . . First, my husband and I just got married on Saturday and this was our first dinner after getting hitched. Everyone told us that the Wynn is where it's at. It's the hottest buffet in town! Yeah!. . Second, NO IT IS NOT. It's absurdly overpriced at more than $50 a person for dinner. . . What do you get for that princely sum? . . *Some cold crab legs (it's NOT King Crab, either, despite what others are saying). *Shrimp cocktail (several of which weren't even deveined. GROSS. Shrimp poop does not go with prime rib) . * A bunch of other unremarkable crap you can find at any other buffet on the Strip. . . Third, the interminable WAIT. We waited for an hour, thinking it would be worth it. We're suckers.. . The prime rib was decent, however, and there was some really good mushroom risotto. But those two things in no way justify the price or the wait or the raves this place gets. The only thing that could have made our experience worse is if we had coughed up the extra $12 to skip the line. . . This only confirms my belief that the nicest hotels don't necessarily have the nicest buffets - the Bellagio buffet is no great shakes, either. Stick with the Rio or Paris and you can't lose. . . Now, who do I see to get my $50 and my 60 minutes back?
Totally disappointed. Crab legs were small, sushi selection was poor. The Bellagio Buffet is WAY better!!
All four of us were sadly disappointed. We were expecting crab, sliders, chicken, etc. and instead we saw stunted shrimp cocktail, cold cereal, dry omelets, etc. The selection was poor and the quality about average. The service was also lacking; we didn't have anyone to bring water until after we'd already eaten our first plate. My bf asked for a coke and was forgotten. After paying $40 for our brunch and fighting for basic service, we filled up on the only decently good items we found: mashed potatoes, bacon, rice...sad times. . After trying to make the best of it we became increasingly unhappy with the food and service and complained. We were told that since we had been there over 20 minutes we could not be comped but they would talk to the chef. We will not be coming back. I'm sure it's a different deal for dinner but if you want brunch, don't waste your time here. Bellagio would be a better bet.
not worth it!!! The food was OK just like the other buffet on the strip and nothing surprise me beside the price!
A huge disappointment. Paid $100 for the worst Benedict and a miserable salad bar. Will not be returning!
It has been like 5 or more years since I have been to a buffet in Vegas. I usually won't go as the food is really poor quality and overcooked.  We arrived later on a Friday and rather than try to get into a nice restaurant that we could not make reservations for b/c we did not know when we would get into town my wife suggested the Wynn buffet.  She said there was great reviews on yelp for it so against my better judgment we tried it out.  I was completely embarrest the food was so bad. The service was great better than any other buffet I can remember eating at before but again the food ahhhhh!!!!!! I never finished a single thing I took I would have rather eaten in n out burger!!! Please avoid, over cooked fish as dry and hard as chicken and pasta that makes baby food have a crunch! Just gross!!
This buffet is terrible and expensive. The food was bland the service was almost non-existent and we were seated at one of those long bench style set ups where you have no sense of privacy at your table. At forty dollars a person it is more expensive than other buffets but has nothing to show for the extra expense. There was plenty of other seating that was quieter but we were crammed in on top of each other. The only thing the buffet has got going for itself is the dessert selection (lots of choices and a crepe station).however, my wife thought the desserts tasted old like a refrigerator. I can't believe so many people on yelp have had good things to say about this buffet! Yelp usually steers me in the right direction but we got screwed this time. No way does this place deserve four stars. If you have functioning taste buds don't abuse them by going to the Buffet at Wynn.
Good food, horrific service and even worse-- some employees lack class and training, to say the least.  Let me first say that i had never before had a bad experience at a Wynn resort.  This is what happened to me.  It was my sister's birthday and I suggested we go to the Wynn resort in Las Vegas.  What a special treat!  For the purpose of this review I will focus on the buffet - we walk up and there is no line for dinner.  We were a party of 9 and the cashier lets us know that if we sit together there was going to be an 18% automatic gratuity charge for a party of 8- that would be a charge of about $60-at $39.95 a pop .  (keep in mind that all the waitress was going to do for us was take our drink order??)  Great advice by the cashier - we should just get 2 tables.  My 5 y/o niece is on a special diet and had just eaten so we explained that she would not be dining.  They sat us down at two adjacent tables but only gave us 8 chairs.  We didn't think anything of it, we just grabbed an extra chair for my niece and started to eat.  The waitress, instead of asking for clarification assumes we did not pay for my niece as part of our secret plan to cheat the buffet of $20-the charge for a 5 y/o.  The waitress, probably feeling burned that we got two tables, flags down the hostess and the hostess comes over and yanks the chair away telling us we only paid for 8 people!!! Holy smokes, i am fuming - I guess the problem was that my niece at this point decide to eat a piece of fruit.  Fine - i was planning to pay for her buffet but the hostess went way overboard and acted crazy.  She made a whole big scene and tried to embarrass us.  Wow!  My sister gets really upset and up and leaves dinner along with her husband.  I went to the cashier and paid for my niece and finished my dinner.  My sister calls the manager on duty to explain how upset she is and what does this guy tell her (his name is Nick-hotel manager at night-and now I know why)?  "Well I'm sorry you left dinner but it looks like your party is having a great time without you" - apparently he was checking out the cameras?  He tells her that the Buffet manager brought over a champagne glass and desserts from the counter to apologize for the way they acted.  Yes - that is exactly what my sister needed to hear.  Alright - end of dinner - we walk out but my mom stays behind - my mom hears the hostesses laughing at us and cracking jokes about how they caught us trying to rip off the buffet and how they embarrassed us.  She calls them on it and and they all shut up.  The food is pretty good but some of this staff needs to be replace asap ( i think her name was Lila-elderly lady with a really terrible attitude).  I would also like to say that there is no need for the hotel to contact me because I have no interest in EVER stepping foot in this establishment EVER again.  Management at the Hotel was also condescending and of no help whatsoever.  Kyle, "thanked" me for letting him know about the problems and he said that he would be "honest" with me and tell me that there was no way he could refund us the buffet charges even though they ruined my sister's birthday celebration.  they took off 2 buffet charges for my sister and her husband-who left the restaurant before eating- thanks so much Kyle - you are a shinning star.  Every single word I have stated here is true or so help me!  By the way the buffet is way overpriced - should be more like $20-$25...  btw, the staff probably has a few thousand years experience but doesn't act like it...  I would STAY AWAY!!!
Liars beyong belief.  Called today to inquire the price for tonight.  Since we were trying to decide between several buffets, I wanted to get all the details.  And we made our decision based on what we were told by the Wyn,,. . I called and was told that the price would be $39.99 pp (more than the normal dinner price) and that there's a seafood special tonight.. . We get there, and the price is $49.99 AND NO SEAFOOD SPECIAL.. . Seriously, when we call, give us the real price, don't BS us, that's just wrong.. . Won't be back, the Bellagio's Buffet is just as good, if not better, and guess what, they are upfront with their prices, even listing them on their website.
Do not go here. This buffet has gone down hill with quality since they first opened. Cooked Fish options were ice cold and our fried chicken was raw in the middle.. Management did not want to acknowledged our complaints and were just blatantly rude. Stay away you'll find better food elsewhere
I had high hopes for this place. I was NOT impressed. I'm very confused as to why people rave about this buffet! It was way to expensive for food I could have done a better job of making. I did like the dessert. But i basically got a little bit of everything and took a bite of everything. Didn't get seconds on anything. $50 for dinner (new years weekend) was not worth it.
I expected much more since it cost $50 per person. But it really should worth only ~$20. Not only thefood are soso. The service was terrible. They do not clean the dishes fast, they never re-fill drinks unless you ask. Terrible!!
Let je Tell you i Loved this Buffet . But now. . Food quality??? Horrible. Prices Too High. Service just ok. Staying line 40min. . Hell no. Bye Bye wynn Buffet.
For all the magazines saying it was worth going to, I think they were crazy. Not only was it over priced but I tried everything and it was disturbingly unsattisfactory. I don't think anyone should have to pay that.
I am not a fan. We waited on a line with no signage telling us anything about the buffet. All the food was overly caloric, greasy and COLD! . . My friend and I spent $22 each to have tea.
After having had a wonderful brunch/dinner here a few years back on his birthday, this year my husband decided he wanted to relive the experience. So we invited some local friends (all doctors) and went ... What a disappointment!! All 12 of us decided we would NEVER go there again! The food was bland and very average, some items quite bad ... I've seen better salad bars at The Sizzler! The only memorable item according to everyone at the table was the pea risotto! They had something named Kobe meatloaf - almost dog food! IF indeed they used Kobe beef, it was a waste of good meat! The crab legs were easy to eat and OK tasting ... The last time we were there they had a smoked breast of duck salad that was awesome - GONE! Lamb chops - available only Friday and Saturday I was told. Now - even the desserts were blah! . The worst part of the experience is that for some of us who wanted to smoke, we weren't ALLOWED to go in the casino. Four different people (including the manager) came to tell us that once we're in, we cannot exit and re-enter, as if we were trying to sneak in without paying. At some point they cleared the table including the champagne glasses that we paid extra for ($10/person) and they kept coming to ask if we needed anything else. By the way, the place was quite empty, no line to get in, they just had enough of us. We are locals, used to the treatment we get at Station Casinos such as Red Rock and Green Valley Ranch, or the M Resort, where the buffets are better and nobody keeps you hostage in the room if you want to go out for a smoke!!! I wonder if Steve Wynn is aware of how ridiculous the policies are in his hotel! The worst $85 spent on a mandatory tip for a group of our size for the lousiest service we've had in years! And the crappiest buffet food for $597.11 for 12!. .  Don't worry buffet managers, you won't have to deal with our kind EVER AGAIN! Not only that, but we will strongly discourage all our local friends, relatives and business associates from ever coming to your establishment again!. Not only that, but some of us wanted to gamble afterwards, but we were so turned off by the lousy treatment that we gave up and went to Red Rock!
I expected way too much...
Wow! $103.75 for TWO people?! Cheap! Har har... (That was my Quick Tip?) Add $10 tip to that.... . Anywho, this place is sooooo overrated! Avoid @ all costs & go to Bellagio, Bally, or Rio's buffet! Not only is it overly costly here, there is so little variety! Poor quality as well! Let me recall the types of cuisines available.... . American: PIZZA?? (I'm here to eat food that I cant find elsewhere!) .                  Salads & Soup (asparagus, clam chowder, chicken noodle)-Ceasar, Baby Spinach w/ creamy balsamic & candied walnuts-NOTHING special @ all! U can have better @ Soup Plantation..                 Meats-Prime Rib (only thing worth mentioning), Corn Flake fried chicken (I can make this @ home!), turkey, & typical sides like mashed potatoes, corn, & green beans. It tasted alright....                 Seafood: Crab legs (only thing worth ur money), small shrimp cocktail, smoked salmon-MEH.. . Italian: Fattening pastas I didnt even bother touching...you can even create ur own & have them make it.. . Indian: Typical stuff u can find anywhere! Didnt even eat it-didnt look appetizing.. . Asian: Again, typical un-quality stuff u can find @ your typical Hong Kong/Panda express. I did find the pork dumpling savory, however. Fried rice, japanese eggplant, veggie eggrolls, shrimp shu mai....           Japanese: So disappointing!!! NO sashimi, there were only small tiny rolls-not even REAL rolls...more like Kappa Maki with overly soggy rice used. Didnt touch this either-looked totally unappealing!.          Vietnamese? I didnt check on this but the main reason why I went here is because my husband LOOOVES Pho & he said he read a review on here & someone mentioned PHO! Nope, no Pho whatsoever in sight. Disappointment.. . Desserts: Have had better elsewhere as well. Creme Brule was too liquid-y. Fancy-looking desserts in shot glasses were just mere pudding. They had a crepe maker person. I didnt try it but my husband did. It looked alright. . . There were a lot of people there & we all felt so claustrophobic! Tables are small & only fit like 3 plates.
This was the most expensive buffet I have ever ate. The food was not even worth the money that you have to spend to eat at the Buffet in the Wynn. I will never eat there again and will not recommend people to try it.
What in the world?! How does this place have such positive reviews???? . . Staff - SLOW, slow, slow. Other than slow, they looked miserable - I almost felt bad for them.. . Food - When walking into a buffet there should be So many items that stick out that Im overwhelmed and can't decide. This was not the case - I actually had a hard time deciding this time because nothing was appealing.  - the only thing that I was slightly excited about was the fried chicken - which btw was also disappointing. It was greasy and flavorless. The lamb was another item that was bad - it was extremely overcooked - dry and jerkylike. I even had a hard time trying to cut it into pieces. I should not be struggling this much. Crablegs were sad - hardly any meat and icy cold. Desserts - not good. The crepes were so sad. The blueberry parfait had the worst texture. Upon first bite, I wanted to throw up.. . In the end, I left the buffet hungry and unsatisifed. This should never be the case when I'm at a buffet.
Not for Champagne Brunch, anyway. We have been here several times for brunch, and this last time was definitely the last. We are patrons of Wynn and Encore, staying at both properties frequently. They have downgraded their "champagne" (sparkling wine) to Jaques Bonet, the bottom of the barrel ! It sells for 1.99 a bottle at Lee's Liquor in Vegas and is horrible! Only served at the lowest of low brunches in Downtown Vegas casinos. What is going on?? With the price of that brunch?? The service was slow today and inattentive. Prime rib good, shrimp limp, and chicken undercooked. I had food poisoning that night. Long wait in line.
Disappointed!  Choices are limited and the food is cold....
Not worth $$$$. I paid $43 for holiday buffet. This totally not worth it. Not sure what am I missing why am I seeing 4 stars here. This buffet only worth like $9.99 where you will find this kind of buffet middle of no where. This is Vegas...need to get it up to the standard!
Overrated. Guys, don't wear tanks to this buffet cause they won't let you in they'll make you buy a $12 shirt unless you are staying at the wynn and can go to your room to change. Food was not that great and service was even worse.  The lady that was supposed to serve us got our drinks once and never came back to check for refills we had to get other waiters to get us more drinks.  We wanted to try this buffet going off the ratings and reviews on here and also spent more at this buffet than any other but were very disappointed with it. Studio B at M Resort and Wicked Spoon at Cosmo way way way better food and service.
To begin; The only reason I gave them 1 star, because if you want to wright a review on yelp you have to give them a star. My wife and I,  wanted to try a new buffet. We always preferred going to the Excalibur buffet. . . Guys, its really expensive and the food is not that great. To be honest, there was nothing that i actually liked. Most of the food was cold and very mediocre, hometown buffet or even the salad bar at sizzler is way better than this buffet. The pasta bar was not good at all. They had meet ball with marinara and the meet balls tasted very funky. I do have to say the desserts where just OK. Like the carrot cake was dry and they put to much orange zest, it actually made the cake taste like and orange cake instead of a carrot cake. I do have to say that the service was really good, Sandra our server was very attentive of us, bringing drinks and picking up or dirty plates. . . So in conclusion, just go some where else. I mean honestly there's a lot of buffets in Las Vegas specially on the strip. Sorry Wynn buffet, but you guys really need to re- analyze your buffet cuz the food was not even good.
Skip it! If i could give no stars (or) negative stars i would.. . It's overpriced, and definitely NOT worth the wait. . . The food was bad buffet food. It reminded me of the scene from Vegas Vacation when Clark Griswold & Cousin Eddie go to the buffet. . . Food had no flavor....i didn't think you could screw up mini waffles but the batter was dry and the strawberry compote (really just strawberries in sugar syrup) didn't help the dryness. I thought maybe the prime rib would be good but it was very fatty and was dry as well. All the vegetables i tried were bendy if raw or mushy if cooked. They just couldn't seem to get anything right. The only thing that was ok were the deli meats & cheeses, but i would hate to pay the full ticket price for a buffet to only eat deli meat. . . I had such high hopes since there were so many review and a very high star rating, but i was extremely disappointed.  Please don't waste your hard earned money and time.
This place tastes like old country buffet.... Remember that restaurant???. Carpet smells, food tastes like crap, and service sucks. Don't know what the hype is all abt..... If u want the best buffet in vegas, go to wicked spoon at the Cosmo!!
Although we typically do not like buffets we tried this, thinking that since it is at the Wynn, it would be good.  The only thing that was half way decent was the pastries.  Everything else was typical dry, cold, and crappy buffet food.
If I could give this place zero stars I would. My boyfriend and I stopped by here hoping for a nice lunch buffet. But instead got turned away for him not having a sleeve on his shirt?!! We waited for 2 hours in line for us to tell us that? On top of that it wasn't even lunch it was brunch served at 2pm? Costing us 82$. Plus they charged us 12$ for a shirt just to cover him up. I asked a lady why is that rule enforced. She said that Mr.wynn himself was eating there and saw a guy wearing a sleeveless shirt and he was hairy?! All because he saw one guy he assumes every guy is hairy? I just thought it was completely rediculous. I took my money somewhere else.
I was so looking forward to eating here after the high reviews.  I was more than disappointed.  I came Friday at lunch, waited in line for 30 minutes, which is fine, I expected a wait.  The line moved along nicely.. . The waitstaff was friendly and attentive.. . But the food was mediocre at best.  I can honestly say that there was not one single dish that had any wow factor.  I expected more seafood options, based on the pictures posted on the Yelp review.  However there was not much at all.. . To be honest, this was comparable to eating at Golden Corral.  A $25 Golden Corral meal at that.. . Should have tried the new buffet at Ceasers!
Did I miss something? Was I not supposed to go to their lunch buffet? Because it was horrible. I was looking forward to trying the Wynn buffet ever since hearing about its rave reviews. Unfortunately it did not hold up to our expectations. Yes, it's a very cute and dainty place with its colorful fruit and flower decor. It's well lit and kept clean. The lunch variety was lacking and composed mostly of starches (pizza, pastas, stir fry). I was extremely disappointed. The only thing I thought was good was the noodle soup made to order and their gelato bar. For the money we paid, I was expecting some shrimp cocktail or ceviche. There was none. A bigger issue we came across was the fried chicken. It was inedible. It had no flavor and there was something off with the meat, like a bad after taste. We left unsatisfied and rarely do I ever feel unsatisfied from a buffet in Vegas, because at the end, the dessert bar makes up for it. Unfortunately, their dessert bar was sad as well. Boooooo.
REVIEW NOT BASED ON DINING EXPERIENCE:. . This is just a review to say the line to get into this place is ridiculous! We waited hours with no table for lunch service and ended up leaving!. . They need to get pagers if people are going to wait that long! Was so dissapointed because we really heard great things about their food.
Ummm....no. . . My husband and I had free passes here on 1/21 with our room at the Wynn. If we had paid the $30 lunch price, we would have been pissed.. . This place WAS terrific in quality, selection, taste, etc. 5-7 years ago, but it's gone WAY DOWNHILL! Honestly, you can get a better lunch anywhere for $30 per person, even on the Wynn property. All of the bad reviews people have posted are correct.. . I'm surprised this restaurant hasn't been revamped seeing how Steve Wynn is a perfectionist with everything he does...his properties are the absolute best in Vegas. Didn't think he could disappoint us, but this restaurant is a for sure MISS. Help this place Steve!
Not so good
US Today needs to have its head examined. Had a brunch buffet for $25 which featured really, compared to Bellagio and the superb Cosmopolitan, very few choices. Dry brisket and sausages. Seafood bar without seafood. Had a small cup which had a handful of gamey shrimp and crab pieces in it. Needed a big mug of green tea to wipe my mouth clean after that. Desserts were equally a mixed bag. Gelato was fine, but forget the dry little chocolate mousse pieces or even worse the over sweetened pecan tart. More green tea was needed. Best part of the buffet, other than the green tea, was a raw fuji apple. Imagine that... and they didn't even have to cook it at the hotel. Forget the hype and avoid this culinary waste space.
I saw pictures of Wynn Buffet and decided to check it out. We waited about an hour at the line (it is ok, when you trying to get into Buffet in Las Vegas), then the hostess gave us the worst table ever! It was in a dark area next to the food station...I was really devastating by getting that table! I only choose that Buffet by the nice picture they had on their site! Turned out it is not so nice in reality.... The food was ok, but for $100 we paid, I expected to have more variety... there was mostly breakfast food: omelets, bacon, ect.  Seriously, $100 for breakfast??. The only good thing I can tell about this place - unlimited mimosas! Our waitress was very quick in giving us refills! But again.. the price! It cost you $15 extra for unlimited mimosas... Just compare: it is only extra $9 in Cosmopolitan! By the way the food in Cosmopolitan's  " Wicked Spoon" is so much better, then in Wynn!!!!
Went here because of the great reviews and was very disappointed. Felt more like your average Denny's restaurant turned buffet than a world class dining experience. Besides the made-to-order omelette station which seems to be standard fare at any buffet establishment, their offerings were not very extensive, nor were they remotely tasty... some inedible. Probably doesn't help that my wife and I went to the Wicked Spoon the day before for the weekend brunch... now that's a place that does a proper buffet - HIGHLY recommend it! Go to Wicked Spoon, not the Belaggio.
Gross, even for a complimentary buffet. I am glad I did not have to pay for this, but even then it left a nasty taste in my mouth. We went for a Sunday brunch and there was a long line. We got there at 11, and had to wait approximately 30-40 minutes to be seated. Didn't mind that as itwas busy -- fair enough. Once we got to the buffet, the selection was horrible. The only thing I liked was the fresh to order pancakes. The Asian was the nastiest. The fried rice were under cooked, the veggies gross. The sushi was the worst ever. There were not many seafood selection -- only salmon (eww), fish cakes and shrimp cocktail. The Italian was so-so. The pasta was cold, but better than other stuff. The desserts were a joke. I can't believe it was a Wynn Buffet -- I expected better.. . I loved staying at the Wynn and it was a great experience but the Buffet just doesn't compare to other places or is worth the $35 a pop. We had complimentary buffet as part of our stay, other than that, it would have sucked to pay the $$$.
poor buffet that I've had in US ever.. bad & slow service, no sea food dish , hardunfresh bread, too salty salad.. There is nothing to be happy. 27$ lunch is really bad deal.
The wait is simply ridiculous!
Truly disappointed with this place.. . We came here on Sunday at 2:45pm to wait in line. 3 of us in my group had to use the restroom, when we tried to come back to join our friends at 3:02 the hostess says with an attitude the line is closed at 3. Seriously lady??? . . After that another patron came after us just goes in line after telling her she just went to the restroom. Uh hello??? We just told you the same thing. After I tried to reason with her, she then tells me my friends has to pay for us before we can go in. WTF?!?!? You just let that girl cut in front of me right in my face, and now you're just giving me a bunch of bullshit excuses. After we finally got to go back in line, another lady tells my friend he cant wear a tank top here. Are you freaking serious?!?! I didnt know this is a michelin starred restaurant, its a freaking buffet. Luckily one of my friend was staying upstairs so he was able to change. And of course to top it off after we got in half the guys were wearing tank tops.. . The food was ok, good selection decent quality. But god damn train your hostess.
SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT!. . We were debating between this buffet and the Wicked Spoon and decided to give this one a shot. . . Came on a Tuesday for lunch... maybe thats part of the mistake but that shouldn't be an excuse any time a buffet with this high of reviews should be consistent across the board.. . We sat down waited 20 minutes for drinks then once we got them went to get food... As soon as we came back they cleared our table. This happened twice.. . The food: I had high hopes and was excited for a buffet. I have been to bellagio and caesars buffets previously. Me and my man started to fill plates... we didn't like anything we ate. The only thing that was good was the italian meats salami mortadella etc but still bland with just the bread... how about some tomatoes, olives etc to go with it?!. . SO many things we tried and did not retry. Some things we even spat out. After about 20 minutes and the inability to make a plate of ANYTHING we liked... we started to give up. Even the pizza tasted like frozen. I liked the pizza I got at 3 AM on the strip way better. . . We went to the dessert room to find about 5 prepared desserts, ice cream, bread pudding, and that was it... SO PATHETIC for a las vegas buffet. Instead of putting desserts we looked at each other and thought how our local town buffet is even better... so disappointing.. . At that point I spoke to a manager and got a full refund. We both left hungry and disappointed in the quality of the food. What vegas buffet serves fried turkey and fatty chewy hanger steak as their meat choices?? The steak was so fatty it couldnt even be chewed. BLAHHHH. . SUCH A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!
The WORST buffet I ever had. I went on July 7th. They charge $47 for lunch. However, they only offer all the cheap dishes such as pancake, ham, eggs, dumping and roll. No seafood. No sushi. They make people wait outside even though there are plenty of empty seats inside. They do his to make people think it's popular. I will NEVER go to this buffet again. Terrible........
Didn't even get to go into the place because we were not allowed in because we were wearing tank tops. . . The lady followed it up by letting us know that they sell T-shirts for $15. $55 for a buffet? No thanks. It was 115 degrees outside and I was not going to wear a shirt!! . . Thanks but no thanks Wynn. You let myself and my friends down.
"Perfect Place to Get Ill!". . Received a comp when we checked in at the Wynn hotel and used it the last day of our stay. OMG! The food was absolutely terrible. If you want to feast on grease, food oozing with fat and pastries that taste a few days old this is the perfect place to go. Both my husband and I are used to very fresh fruit, breads and dishes made from wholesome ingredients. This place provided nothing that even resembled fresh. If you don't care what your food looks like or even tastes like then this is the place for you. Recommend anyone with a palate stay clear of this place. . . . Visited July 2013
I called and asked if they had alaskan king crab legs, the worker said yes and when I showed up, they only had snow crabs.  BIG DISAPPOINTMENT.  The only thing that was good was the prime rib, everything else was only mediocre at best..  . . This place has gone downhill.  4 years ago this was the best buffet in Vegas.  . . WILL NOT RETURN.
Big disappointment.  I was expecting quality food.  The food was average.  Variety is not.  Service was bad.  Even the dessert did not taste good for us.  Price was very expensive.  I would have rather gone to Golden Corral (a bit exaggerated but given difference in prices, I would).
Extremely disappointed!! I expected much much more in quality and choices. . . I have ate here before years ago and at that time it was fabulous. It has since gone way down in quality.. . I had tuna poke, okay nothing great. The worst part was a California roll that I actually had to spit out. Not okay for a five star hotel. It tasted so fishy. I ventured on to find something else, tomato bisque looked promising. WRONG. It was one of the worst soups I have ever had, it tasted like tomato paste in a bowl.. . The desserts were okay. I had a good mint chocolate cupcake but everything else tasted artificial and old. I also thought it was not right that you only have 2 hours to eat, they say it's for their customer service. I'm all for customer service but I feel if you pay $28 dollars for lunch you should be able to sit your fat ass down as long as you want!. . No thanks!
SO DISSATISFIED!!! Really have always enjoyed the buffet in the past, no shrimp, no crab, NOTHING but pizza for kids, no toaster for bagels, EXTREMELY SLOW SERVICE and a manager who doesn't care. You're better off going to a restaurant and ordering from the menu. Only two salads and a nasty brown fried rice. This USED to be AMAZING and now I'd just AVOID AT ALL COST!!!  I'M MAD AND FEEL RIPPED OFF!!!! . Still love the hotel though.
small dessert areas,  sushi  dishes and pizza are old ,.most of the dishes are low quality , small salad island and lack of fruits. all meat are chewy and tasteless. they don't have any dishes that catch our eyes . seating takes too long due to lack of experience. we saw so many empty tables scatter around . it took 48 minutes to be seated. they can learn from fast food restaurant employees
I am so very disappointed in the Buffet. I mean u spent $85.00 for 2 of us which I am fine with if the quality was good. The mashed potatoes in my opinion were powdered. Then I come to Main St Station downtown an pay $19.00 for 2 and by far the food was way better and real mashed potatoes. What did I pay for Location!
I found this place in Yelp. I was excited to visit! But it was my Bad experience. The queue was so long, but that's not the point. The point was Most food are so Normal! and small choices for choosing. My friends and I, we tried Bellagio, Baccanal, and Le village buffet before..Those place are so good!! Comparing to this place, here is such an awful one. . . If this is your first time visiting Las Vegas, ignoring this place. . . One good thing I found is chocolate icecream..it's just ok anyway.
nothing to eat ........
It is not worth the price of $40+ per person. there is nothing for you to eat, but a few tacosand pasta and cookies and cakes. Save your money and go elsewhere
I don't know why this place gets such good reviews. We had a horrible experience at lunch. It is a very small buffet. Not much selection at all. And all the food was dry and flavorless I seriously couldn't find a single thing I liked. and not for lack of trying. I'm not to hard to please but this place is not worth the price. Very dissatisfied. The only good thing was the decor.
The buffet was great but the manager Malinda was rude when she kicked us out. She said "Hi I'm Malinda and I'm the manager here. We are closed now so it's time to get going." My friend was so disappointed that I had to write this. We would expect more courtesy in a professional manner. At least a 5 minute warning. I would give it average 3 stars for this but put 1 for the managers attention. But our waiter man was great!!!!
First of all the only reason it gets the one star is the waitress. I can't remember her name but she was great! Now to the review. To start off there was little to no wait which was great. The hostess staff is pretty rude and not very helpful at all!I was in a party of 10, we asked for a table that was open closer to the buffet and she said no because she was going in line to who got there and we were not first. Well um you were seating us right then so yes I would say we were first! Carrying on... . When I got up to the buffet I was amazed by how much stuff was there. My first choice was the blackened salmon. HUGE MISTAKE as it was pretty raw! It was terrible!! I grabbed a few other items that were pretty sub par too. The sushi was also warm and tasted terrible!! After almost gagging on that plate I figured I would hit up the crab and shrimp. First piece of crab I grabbed was covered in curly hair! Now I know this crab did not get a Jerry curl after being killed so someone forgot their hairnet! YUCK YUCK YUCK!! the other pieces I took were rubbery and tasted pretty bad. Shrimp was OK. Prime rib was my next stop after. I was hoping to say something good about that but with the salt content on  it I just can't :( There was really not a whole lot I can say I enjoyed here. I left feeling gross and mad that I had paid well over $100 bucks for this crap!! I tried to speak to a manager but the hostess told me to get over it and leave. I did not even have a chance!! When I tried to explain that I was feeling sick and that my friend got up several times during our meal to get sick she told me to stop whining and leave already! I have worked in hotels and as a hostess at a buffet before and have never in my life would i ever dream of talking to someone like that!! . . Terrible just Terrible! Next time I am in Vegas this is one place I will not be going back to!!
It is really not that great plus an hour and half wait time with $54 per person. And there are really not many choices of food. Asain food is really not good at all. Japanese roll and sushi is bad and there's no sashimi. . All the grill stuff are also not good, all kind of dry and old.. Desert... Not many choices and not good. Ice cream were ok.. The only plus would be the girl given water while waiting in line.
We stopped here for dinner right before the show Le Reve. It was a bad choice. It's  the worst buffet we've tried in Vegas. The selection of food is limited considering the price. The Asian food is horrible, Sushi rolls are not good, and the crab leg stand smells like a bad fish-market and looks like one too. There is big chucks of sea salt in every bite of the Spanish (or Mexican) tomato rice. Not much choice of fruits and deserts. Very disappointing dining experience. I gave one star just for the decor. I would never go back again.
Went to eat at 12:30pm on Friday after thanks giving, wait time was 40-45 mins which is okay. They were charging 50 bucks per person as they were starting dinner at 1pm.. ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!!! Who eats dinner at 1pm??? RIDICULOUS.. never going back there..
The ambiance was beautiful at The Buffet.  Unfortunately, you do not eat the ambiance.   The food here was simply terrible and the selection was very limited.  We went to the Buffet at 10 am and so we got to experience both their breakfast and lunch menu and it was very unimpressive.   . . Sushi - was simply terrible.   The rice they used was no sushi rice and so it was very mushy.   And the scary thing was that some of its plates were dirty.  . . Seafood - it did not exist.  No crab legs, etc.  Menu was very limited.  . . Grill - only had one beef item and a turkey.  Both were dry as hell.  . . Asian - again, very little selection.  The best item was the siracha sauce.The food was not good.  I tasted a few items and passed on the rest.. . Italian - they only had pizzas and a pasta item. Both could have been purchased in the frozen food section of Ralph's so there is no need to go to Vegas for that.
The food is excellent but with little difference between the other main Vegas strip buffets. The 1 rating is due to the rude service we received trying to seat our party of 8. We respectfully and repeatedly tried to tell our seating waitress that we will not split our party. Instead they tricked us by walkingus to the back, and then telling us we need to split tables or walk back. I will definitely tell my friends not to go here.
In a word: disappointing.  After reading some reviews that placed this consistently in the top five buffets, we decided to give this a try.. . We went on the 26th after Christmas for an early dinner to avoid the crowd.  The line was about one hour (3:30pm until 4:30 when we were seated).  $200 for four adults.. . By appearances it could be nice with 15 or so stations with a lot of variety.  Unfortunately no coffee station for the price!  . . Salad:  not appetizing or original at all.  Skip.. . Italian: the lobster ravioli was okay, polenta not good, gnocchi no good.  . . The grill:  prime rib okay, lamb chops adequate (a fresh roast came out and that was good, the first one was tough and dry).. . Chilled seafood:  probably the only thing that was worth it.  Oysters, crab legs and shrimp cocktail.  Difficult to mess up.  . . Sushi bar:  sadly inedible.   The rice was the wrong texture and fish not fresh.  Ahi tuna poke was not sashimi grade fish -- this would not have been served in a good restaurant anywhere.  The grilled calamari with lime dressing was okay.. . Desserts:  not bad but it was disappointing without a coffee bar.  Some highlights here:  a profiterole, creme brulee, various small cakes.  Avoid the bread pudding.. . All in all, this would have been good for $20 with no wait.  For $50 save your money and just go to a good sit down restaurant.  . . When we left the line looked about 2+ hours! oh sorry.  Their disappointment was probably way worse than ours.
False advertisement!! My friends and I are not happy w the food here...it is a big dissapointment. We paid $60 for $10 worth of food. :(
