Can't believe people gave this place "5 stars". Food came out after 35 minutes of sitting down and it was crappy crawfish that tastes like a week old. The staff was rude with a "I don't care because we have a line out there" attitude. Don't go, waste of your time. We are never coming back.
Heard about this place on one of the TV Food shows so I gave it a try.    I ordered 2 pound of Crawfish in Mild and various flavors.  All tasted the same. Its just cooked in very basic Buffalo Wing sauce you can buy anywhere.  The 2 pounds of crawfish looks big but since I can only eat the meat in the tail, the edible part was tiny and would fit in the center of one palm of my hand.    Very disappointed.   Overpriced.
The food is ok at best, service was terrible or the waitress we had was slow in the head or something, Boiling crab was way better and i can name a number of places that are not as famous that have better service and food. Took 30 minutes to get our fries, another 10 minutes to get STRAWS for our drinks and then they messed up our order and the waitress had a sick attitude.
Hot and Mushy is more like it!  This place is WAY over priced, and they do NOT stand behind their food.  We live in a neighborhood of friends, and often get together on a Friday night and order something fun.  Many times it has been Hot and Juicy.  This week we ordered hot and juicy for pickup.  We ordered 13 lbs... 11 lbs of shrimp, and 2 lbs. of crawfish.  The shrimp were inedibly mushy when we got them home.  Luckily, I had defrosted a bunch of king crab legs an lobster tails from Costco.  This higher quality seafood saved the day, and the party.  We called hot and juicy the next day to see if they would refund the money for the shrimp, and that we would gladly bring back the mushy shrimp.  It took 4-5 calls and many hilarious conversations dealing with several of the 20-something children who seem to run the place. One girl said "for the future, I would ask them to put no more than a lb. per bag.  The shrimp are fickle"  Really, young child??  As if we are the ones who packed all of the shrimp in one bag!  I'm not at all convinced the amount per bad has any bearing, but she shed all responsibility, saying she doesn't have the authority to give a refund. After a few more calls with other little girls who had no authority, we finally got a hold of a manager, since the owner is apparently too important to deal with his customers.  He offered a 5% discount on our next order.  when we promised to write the story on Yelp, he upped it to 10%.  The problem is, I don't want disgusting mushy shrimp paste nastiness at any price.  The manager said "I checked with the 'chef' (I'd call him a cook at best) and he said that they were cooked perfectly".  Did he?  Hahaha!  Of course he said that. I have 10 people, one a sous chef at a restaurant in the Bellagio, who beg to differ.  The manager also practically accused us of lying when we told him we order from there often saying "well, I don't see an order history on your card". This, after we had already mentioned that a different person in our group of 10 picks up the food each time. Some of us pay cash.  This place is damned sure not worth the wait, and certainly not worth the exorbitant prices they charge.  They just lost a ton of business from all of us and everyone we know, and don't seem to care at all.  They simply don't stand behind their product at all, so why should we?  Order at your own risk!
I went to the new location in closer to Valley View.  the food was great...but the service was HORRIBLE.  they served us crab with no crab crackers.  we were told that they simply ran out and were washing some but they NEVER came out.  One person in out party cut their had trying to crack the crab.  We called a manager over and she really didn't care at all.  the servers didn't care.  it was HORRIBLE!!! HOW CAN YOU SERVE CRAB WITH NO CRAB CRACKERS!!!! i WILL NEVER COME HERE AGAIN.
Take it from a real live coonass cajun...This ain't it. Dumping a ton of cayenne pepper on something does NOT make it Louisiana!
Alright sooo I have a buddy in Vegas who claimed that this place was the shit and way better than Boiling Crab and Claws out here in Orange County so I had to put it to the test. Took a trip to Vegas with a group of our friends and decided to have dinner with one of my friends friends who said we could try this place. . . When we got there it looked to be pretty busy with a fifteen to twenty minute wait which wasn't to bad. The host was pretty cool and talked to us for a bit while we waited for our table. We finally got seated and ordered right away. It pretty much took them 20 minutes or more for them to come out and let us know that our food was going to be coming out a little late due to the rush they had. 10-15 minutes after that was when our food came out. The sauce was good but a bit watery. The shrimp was perfect and not over cooked. The service was alright with the waiter coming to check on his here and there. As I was eating one of the remaining shrimp that was left in the bag I noticed a thick black hair on the head of the shrimp. Normally I would think it was just the whiskers or whatever you want to call it from the shrimp but NO it was straight up a pubic hair with the little white thing on bottom tip of it from wherever the hair was from. My friend decided to take the piece of shrimp with pube still on it up to the front and complain. The asshole Caucasian male waiter gave her attitude and claimed it wasn't hair and that it was one of the whiskers from the shrimp. He said that the hair wasn't purely black and that there was a redish color to it which was bull shit. So my friend came back to sit down with us and was irritated with the waiter for handling the situation the way he did. The host that was talking to us before we got seated walked by and we showed him the hair and even he himself knew it was a piece of hair. He joked around and said "well thats obviously not my hair." and laughed because he had a buzzed head. He finally took care of the situation and took the order of shrimp off the bill for us and apologized. . . Overall... place is over priced compared to what the Cali prices are. The sauce is not too bad but not what I imagined it to be after all the hype. And lastly the service sucked balls but the only thing that made up for it was the host who was nice enough to help us out. Would I go back there ever again? Absolutely not!
Hate to rate sooo low but honestly, if there was a choice to put zero stars, I would.. . Went today...craving crawfish...was told because crawfish out of season, they had only frozen or live brown crawfish.. . I never had either so I asked the waiter to give me a suggestion.  She shrugged and said many customers take the frozen.  . . Decided 1 lb of frozen and 1 lb of brown....this was the worst food I have ever tasted!!!!!!!!   So I told waiter to take back the frozen (only ate 2 pieces) because it was nasty and give me a lb of shrimp instead.. . Shrimp sucked too!  and worst of all, i got charged 6.99 for the two pieces of crawfish I ate, which I almost gagged on.. . So, I gave zero tip!  For those of you trying to compare Boiling Crab to Hot N Juicy, my suggestion, wait for BC to open up here.  Should be soon.  I live in Las Vegas and am telling you to SAVE YOUR $$$$$
STAY away from the Dungeness crab.  They claim its fresh but they are actually recooking cooked crabs.  The meat was mushy upon opening so we complained and received another new crab. It was however the same mushy and spoiled crab.  Other than that everything else was fine.
While visiting Las Vegas with the family, we had to stop by to visit this place. Having been on Man vs. Food (one of my fav shows), it has gotten much much more exposure. We've waited 40 mins..... I was very disappointed. My family was disappointed. I expected more. I've been to The Boiling Crab, and this place doesn't come close. Being charged $9.99/lb for the crawfish, they were disappointedly small. I thought the crawfish were brought in from Louisiana.  The sauce had great taste went really well with white rice. Presentation of the product was not what I expected.... The servers were in very casually clothing but the decor didn't go with the atmosphere. The atmosphere has a sports bar feel but the decor was a lil too formal for me.. My husband was disappointed. After we left this place we were still hungry. Disappointingly hungry. Should of had Chinese food instead.. This place is over rated.
over rated crap. wanted to go bad to this place after i saw man vs food.  Of course they see that it will go on TV and give Adam the biggest and juiciest crawfish but for us we get crappy tiny crawfish that were not even fresh.  Most likely they gave us frozen.  Ordered 2 lbs and probably got few ounces of meat only.  The weight of the head and left over skin came out to be 2 lbs.. I know they got popular cuz of man vs food.  but they should come out on man vs crap. . DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY HERE,  JUST HEAD TO WYNN AND HIT THE BUFFET
I thought the food was flavorful and tasty. But Im not sure if it was very healthy because I had major hershey squarts (diarrhea) after. The waitress was really nice, but we felt a bit decieved by her. She offered sauce on the side, without informing us that we were gonna be charged for it. And, once she delivered our food, she disappeared. So when we wanted to order more food and get our drinks refilled, no one came over to help us. We were disappointed. It was a bit pricey for the product/service we received. Never going again.
No star if I could. The stench of this place you won t be able to get rid of for days... The food isn't good. If it wasn't for the very hot sauce that masks any flavor you d be able to notice that there is no taste. The shrimps were big but no taste, crawfish, and blue crab were no better. Do your self a favor and pass!
King crab legs were great but the place leaves you smelling so bad that its not worth it.
I just picked up a cajun french fry with a strand of light colored hair wrapped around it with a burnt crust at the end of the strand at HOT N' JUICY CRAWFISH!! I will never go back and I suggest you don't either!!!!
Really disappointed in our experience last night. The crawfish were VERY tiny. Great flavor, but had to struggle so much to get the meat out of the tiny shell that it mashed it all up. Talked to our server and she confirmed they were smaller than in the past. This was our 3rd time at this location and unfortunately, the last.
Horrible experience my buddy ordered oysters on the half shell, and he kindly offered me one. On a side note my buddy had been drinking for two days straight so his taste buds were not on point. As I took the oyster the smell and taste were very OFF to the point I spit it back up right away. I eat raw oysters often; and frequent the hot and juicy in Hollywood, this location is gross flies, floor looked horrible. Once we made them aware that the oysters were bad all they did was remove it from bill. Mind you buddy ate two or three before I noticed they were bad. I don't expect a free meal but when your dealing with people's health I would at least expect a hey sorry let us remove your buddies one drink also. I mean we just tried to poison you!! When we asked for salt before this experience it took so long we just went and got it our selves. Bad service and bad food not a successful combo!!!!! I believe the service was the worst, my shrimp were overcooked but the sauce is still great!
They sell you Dungeness crab without telling that all you can eat is legs which cost three times cheaper than the whole crab, and after you mention that you actually ate only legs, they still charge you for a crab shell... Never coming back
