Greatly disappointed at this place!!!!!!!! I hardly give bad reviews but I have to give this place a bad review!!!!!!!! My boyfriend ordered the $60 steak (which I can't remember which one), and I ordered the seared tuna - both were wrong texture, un-flavorful, forgettable and totally not worth the money!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I must say, place looks great; perfect setting for an intimate event. But overall, including service - would not come back again!
When the bill is $320 for 4 people (2 split an entree), the food better be good.  Del Frisco is all image and no chef.  It's a charade and theonly reason this place is still open is millions of people visit Vegas everyday and if they can 20 covers that visit for the first time, they can continue to put out a bad product. . . The night started off well because everyone is friendly and they do have top notch service in the front.  In the back is where this place is suffering.  Whoever is the quality control person for the food going out needs to read this.  I would be okay if we only had one bad plate, but 7 out of the 10 plates we had were very bad and shouldn't have been served.  We're celebrating two birthdays and it's difficult to be that person to make a fuss and spoil the evening.  We just rolled with it and figured our only way to make things right is to Yelp about it and prevent others from making our mistake.. . When we were seated, a guy greets us and gives us the rundown of the menu specials.  He really pushed specific items on the menu which we didn't order.  Had we known in advance that our Ribeye was going to be 60% gristle, we would have understood this greeting speech to really mean everything on the menu sucks except the stuff I'm telling you about.  . . Plate #1: The bread is very good. It's a full loaf that's not sliced and the way to eat it is to pull it apart with your hands.  It's good, but we didn't want to fill up on bread.. . Plate #2: Crabcake was lump crab that had no binder, so you really can't call it a cake.  Lump crab with a sauce. It was good, but a crab cake is something you think is grilled and has a crispy edge to it.  So, for a crab cake, it's a zero. For lump crab, it's a 5.. . Plate #3: Shrimp cocktail.  It's about 15 jumbo shrimp with 3 different sauces.  All of the sauces could have been out of a jar and the shrimp was overcooked tough.  Another zero stars.. . Plate #4: Caeser Salad:  This was good.  The croutons were homemade buttery and crunchy good.  But.... it's a salad that isn't that hard to make.  . . Plate #5: Asparagus.  Somebody needs to tell the chef they need to break off the woody part of the stalk.  The tops were cooked prefectly, but you end up leaving the woody part on the plate.  . . Plate #6: Au Gratin.  Diced potato with some cheese.  It was meh.  . . Plate #7: Osso Buco.  The pasta was cooked perfect, but the star of the show was dry.  It had a nice tomato based spicey sauce, but the meat just wasn't moist.  It was falling off the bone tender, but leaves a dry taste in the mouth.  The marrow was the only really good part of the shank.. . Plate #8: Tuna.  This was the WTF item on the table.  It had zero presentation. It's was just a thin slice of Ahi Tuna that was breaded with sesame seeds and flashed grilled.  The tuna was bland and didn't have that sushi quality flavor and texture.  If I had to guess, I would say this fish was frozen at some point instead of being fresh.  Just a dissapointment.. . Plate #9: Ribeye.  As mentioned, 60% of this steak was tough and gristly.  My mom and sister split this item and the staff cut it in half for us.  Sister ended up with 50% of the gristle meaning she had no real steak to eat. Mom ended up with the eye which was tender.. . Plate #10: Banana Bread Pudding:  This was good.  Crispy exterior with a nice scoop of vanilla on top.
Brought some VERY special wine for a very special occasion. The server tells me "we do not offer corkage." What? An upscale steak house that doesn't offer corkage? Only the second time in my life I've been refused corkage.  Sure it's my fault for not checking in advance, but in this era of upscale, wine-centric restaurants, refusing corkage is almost unheard of. Will never return to Del Frisco's unless they change their policy.
The service was great but the food was very overpriced for the quality. I had a bone-in ribeye medium. There was very little charring on the outside and it was more rare than I wanted. The meat is supposed to be prime grade but this steak had very little marbling, I've bought better at Costco. My wife had a 14oz. lobster tail which was dry and meally. Very disappointing meal. Save your money and try somewhere else
This was our first visit to this steak house, it's similar to Morton's and Capital Grill, but The decor was very dated & 70's-remember The "York Steak House"? not much ambiance, our waiter was fine, but the chef could not cook a steak medium if his life depended on it. to begin with, I had a horrible cut of fillet all gristle, first they served it practically raw, then they ruined it and sent it back charred but still rare inside. Then the Chef came out in a huff, he had butterflied the meat which had shrunk to nothing it was overcooked and inedible, I didn't complain further as I was with a client, BUT, They did nothing to correct it or replace it. I would never go back or recommend this place simply on their guest service. There are many other great steak house options available in Vegas...
wouldn't ever go again.....service was poor and rude, manager was in your face, we had couples who wanted to share a 26 oz double eagle strip and they denied us said we could only share the special steak of the day (assume it was because it was $100)....we had a private room and were told this is why no sharing or specials would be allowed (suppose they had a minimum to meet).  Also, we were told by the frumpy blonde manager we could not share and in fact if someone chose not to order an entree they would charge us for one anyway.  Sadly, several of us are small eaters and wanted to try lots of sides without a giant steak required.  Wholes experience was awful.  Would absolutely never go back and it seems to be just a cut above the outback.    Do not waste your time here.  Oh, did have a good vanilla lemon drop from the bar.  Place is so overrated.  Also, they refused to allow separate checks,etc.  The shrimp was tiny, way overcooked and smothered in cocktail sauce (from a jar).  For those of you who like this place give others a try like Mastro's or Ruth Chris or even Flemings...all beat this place by a mile.
this place was awful.  the lettuce tased like it had been gathered onthe Monorail.  the wine was over priced and under aged.  the dressing tasted like it came with a kids meal at MacDonald s.  What a let down.  Will never repeat.  I have bought steakat the local meat market cooked on our grill and it was better. FORGET IT. YMMV.  We won't be back especially with the other choices within a mile.
Stay away!  This place is absolutely awful.  We decided to give Del Frisco's a try since it is a different name from what we are used to in LA.  The service is awful and pretentious.  The food is mediocre at best.  The pricing is downright predatory.  The shrimp cocktail tasted stale as if it sat in the fridge all day.  The filet mignon was tough and was overcooked and overseasoned.  The mixed drinks were weak.  The wine list does not offer an adequate international selection.  They gouge you on the bill.  The prices are high enough, and we would have not minded paying if the quality matched.  They even charged for the bernaise sauce for my filet!  There is a reason that this place does not come up on the top lists for Las Vegas on Zagats etc...  Spend your money elsewhere.
weve been coming to this location every year since 2010 for our wedding anniversary and every other time we are here in vegas.. . this last time we were here was a couple weeks ago, was sort of like the twilight zone. the experience we had was so far from we have always typically experienced at del's. what made this restaurant unique wasnt just the great food, but the experience. the staff was always so friendly and engaging, always making us feel like we were the only customers -- actually more like friends and family. whether it was just us 2 or if we had brought our toddler with us. the staff was also attentive and friendly. . so lets count all the ways del's failed us this time. . 1. they didnt ask us if we were celebrating a special occasion when we checked in, and they always did before. we noticed they didnt ask any parties that night for some reason. we were seated right by the hostess so we could hear everything. . 2. my wife didnt receive any water service all evening. . 3. my wife stepped away from the table and they still brought out our steak entrees so hers had been sitting at the table for a few minutes. in the past if we were away from the table they would wait to serve our steaks. . 4. lobster mac was a shell of what it used to be. no pun intended. about half the portion and barely any lobster. . . 5. not visited by the manager all evening (this is what they are known for). . the whole evening was lackluster. we've always come to expect del's to deliver a memorable evening. in the past i have received cards from our waiter after we returned home. a signed birthday card from all the staff. engaging personal conversation with the staff all evening. . . this time around was a true let down to the point that we really question whether to come back here again. the restaurant failed us this time in so many ways. . . i got a survey from del's the day after and i obviously rated them very poor. i received a call from the GM Matt the following day. he promised that my experience was an isolated experience and that he would send me some gift cards so that i could come back and give them a try again. ive been home 2 weeks now and i havent received anything from him. so again, another undelivered expectation. damn, who runs this location now? what a shame! i did receive something from corporate though. . . all in all, its doubtful i will be coming back again. i can spend $250 on a nice steak dinner for 2 at lots of places in vegas and la. what sets del's apart was the experience and without it, i can find a good steak anywhere.
If you have been to the Del Frisco's in Houston then you are probably expecting a wonderful experience in Las Vegas. Sadly, when you enter Del Frisco's of Las Vegas you quickly find that not only is it in a terrible location with no view - but it's interior and overall atmosphere is poor right from the second you enter the door. Aside from that, let's just get down to the food which is what we want. Del Frisco's prides themselves on service and presentation - you get neither in Las Vegas. I loved Del Frisco's in Houston - I went several times per month. . . Upon making a reservation in Las Vegas - they asked was there anything special - I advised them a birthday. Once we arrived, we were placed in a table in the center of a room. Not that I'm too particular, but the arrangement of their furniture in this cramped dark building does not make for a nice dining experience. Anytime they place you in a table in the center of the room you get the great fortune of being gawked at as others lose interest in their table. As well, the service was not up to par. One server waited on us - rushed through the menu. . . Once the food arrived, it was not up to standard. Steak was not cooked well and the cut of meat was poor. As well, the drinks did not taste fresh. Lastly, the birthday we mentioned during the reservation was forgotten. I will NEVER go back to this one. Horrific! Poor location, no view, horrific lighting, poor layout of tables and poorly trained staff. If you want a solid steak - Fix at the Bellagio is the best in town.
[EDIT]. . A manager here acted like she was concerned about my experience as she personally messaged me, asking if she could call to talk more in detail. It's been a month and she never called. I don't think they really care about your experience here, so why eat here?. . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------. . Totally got gypped!! . . Came here on a recent vegas trip because of its amazing reviews on yelp. Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about their specials and their steaks so we went with some of her recommendations. HOWEVER, she failed to mention the price (of course) for her recommended appetizers that wasn't on the menu. Looking at the prices of the appetizers in the menu, they were all around the price range of $12-20 so we figured it'd be around that ballpark. The bomb came with our check when we found out that what she had recommended were TWO appetizers (as she made it sound like one) that were each $40!! That's $80 +tax!! She totally hijacked my wallet!!!  What a rip off and so mischievous! That costed more than my steak since I had shared one. I would watch out for this place!. . I shared a bone-in ribeye cooked at medium, but was still rarer than when I order my steaks at medium rare elsewhere. They REALLY undercook your steak. I could barely eat it since i kept chewing and chewing and chewing...and could not break it down enough to swallow. Overall, not a great experience since I've had better steaks without feeling robbed!
