Casears palace seems a bit overrated.ive been staying at this hotel everytime i have a family trip out here and some of the rooms are nice and some are completely horrible. The only thing that i would make me rate this place as one star is because customer service i.e valet annnnd bell boys are fucking rude. They do NOT greet customers with a smile nor do they treat you with good hospitality. Valet denied us even though we were diamond members and bell boys talked down to my dad when he was checking our bags in.bell boy even had the nerve to question why we tipped him what we did.excuse me? He doesnt even derserve a tip for how he treated us! He should be thankful we even tipped him! THANKS CAESARS FOR A HORRIBLE WELCOME AND GOODBYE!
When I placed my reservation over the phone, the gentleman was nice and helpful.  He informed me that if I add about $80 or $100 (not sure the exact amount) to my original reservation, I can get a larger suite in the Augustus tower.  I placed the reservation, he sure sold me.  I received an email confirmation that did not give the details of the room I reserved, it simply gave a confirmation # and explained that I can set up a text message service that will provide for a quicker check-in.  I signed up for the text service and I was so excited to use it and know that I can avoid the check-in lines and go straight to the bell desk to pick up my room keys.  . . Upon arrival, the bell desk claimed my keys were not ready and to continue to the platinum members line to ensure faster service.  I waited in the platinum members line for over 15 minutes, not one person came to the desk to greet me.  After 45 minutes of what was supposed to be the "fastest check in"  I was finally greeted by staff who said they will check me in. By the time my reservation was pulled up ( an hour of wait time had passed)  he gave me keys to a regular room.  When I noticed he wasn't directing me to the Augustus Tower as promised, I quickly mentioned that I paid extra for that type of suite.  He questioned me and asked if I had any proof.  I told him when they sent a confirmation email, it says nothing about Augustus, so I have no proof, other than the extra price I paid for the room.  Another 3o minutes pass, several arguements, and a lot of disappointment occurred before the check in attendant finally found my correct reservation. . . This is completely unaccepatble.  I dont understand why Caesar's doesn't automatically send an email confimation including the correct room reservation?  Or why the computer system is not updated correctly.  Either way, after a huge mistake like that happens at the resort's expense, the customer MUST be compensated somehow.  After such a stressful and aggravating check in, I went up to the room to settle in.  Only to find dirt and nasty body hair all over my bathtub! I had to clean my own tub before I got in.  This entire experience was very disappointing and unsettling.  I called management and notified them of my experience.  They took $100 off my reservation, which did not solve the problem or satify me one bit.. . The ONLY reason I would ever come back to stay here is because this is the only hotel on the strip that is pet-friendly.
Three of us checked in to Caesars on a decent deal that we thought was a great deal.  After walking from the parking lot to the lobby which we schlept our luggage approximately a half mile (No exaggeration)  We checked in and schlept  the luggage for another half mile.  We got to our room opened the door and found it to be occupied.  Tired of walking, I contacted a maid and tried to explain the problem, after she realized what I was saying she stated "that happens often"  I telephoned the front desk and was immediately given an upgrade.  So I had to return to the lobby and get the new room key.  We were directed to a new tower.  Upon entering I noticed the room looked nice.  When going to take a shower the shower tile was full of black mold, the water drained slowly and the previous residents hair was stuck to the drain.  Several phone calls to fix the problem and plenty of exasperation.  . . 12 dollars for 3 k cups of coffee, 25 dollars to use the gym, internet was not free (i used my hot-spot so I don't know the cost)  7 dollars for a beer in the refrigerator, but considering that was the price for a beer at the bar at least they are consistent.   The prices throughout the casino were high, this caused meto leave the Casino and go to a casino that at least had decent prices.  A beer at a local casino was $ 2.75, I put the rest into the slots. Caesars is too big to fail!, and to big to manage.  Wynn, encore, mirage is much better.  Caesars should hire Steve Wynn to decorate the place.  Might help, though i'll never go back.
I always look forward to Vegas trips. Though I don't like to admit it, I get all excited and giddy days before! I'm not too picky when it comes to hotel accommodations. I've stayed at hotels ranging from Circus Circus to Polo Towers to The Wynn and almost every other hotel in between. But I have never experienced such terrible service as I did at Caesar Palace. . . I had booked 3 rooms for the weekend and was told the rooms will be ready by 4 pm for my friend to check in. By 4 o'clock  only 1 of the rooms was ready. No biggie though, I didn't need the room immediately. At 6:45 pm mysister arrived and tried to check in for the other 2 rooms, front desk told her house keeping was cleaning the other rooms which will take about 10 minutes, the rooms will not be in the same tower with the first one because there are no rooms available and the rooms will not be next to each other. WTHECK?! Really Caesar Palace, is it that difficult to arrange for 3 rooms to be in the same tower at least?! Anyways, 10 minutes roll by still the rooms are not available, 30 minutes later still nothing, 1 hour later still nothing... 9:30 pm and still my other 2 rooms were not available. To make matters worse, I had 8 guests waiting- not able to grab dinner and not able to get ready for the night out! Finally I arrived at 10 pm and was furious because the rooms were "supposedly" still not available. After throwing a fit and almost on the verge of throwing the front desk man into the fountain, the rooms were magically available and incidentally next to one another. To make matters worse, they only offered the rooms to be complimentary for the night and an upgrade with kings beds not 2 twins. . In conclusion, Caesar Palace can offer bad customer service so be aware if you decide to stay here. They overbook the rooms and do not prepared to accommodate their guests when they are over capacity. . . So aside from the whole rooms ordeals, I don't think I can stay at Caesars Palace in the future again because the rooms definitely need some upgrading, the selection of food/places to dine at are minimal, wow it's quite a trip from the parking lot to the hotel and Oh Yea, service can be a hit or miss. . . The only thing I really liked/looked forward to whiling staying at Caesars Palace was the pool and checking out.
Being a Vegas local, I would recommend to go else where.  I had had the impression that Ceasar's was one of the premier resorts on the Strip and I found this to be incorrect.. . I had a conference this past weekend at Ceasar's and had a room in the Roman Tower.  I am aware that Ceasar's had recently built a new tower, but in my opinion, they should have spent the capital upgrading the original towers.  The room was nice enough, but I have been in Comfort Suites that were nicer.  There was mold in the shower and hair on shower walls and ceiling.. . The first night, I froze in my room.  The second night, I turned up the thermostat to find that the vent was only blowing cold air.  I placed a call to Front Desk and a serviceman called upon my room 90 minutes later (around midnight, when I had a 7:30am meeting the next day for my conference.)  The on the second night, the electrical breaker blew in my room and I, temporarily, had no electricity in my bathroom.
WORST Vegas experience EVER! . . Where do I start?? First of all, my husband was attending a conference, & we made our reservations for a King room 4 months in advance at the conference price. When we arrived, we were checked into a double TWIN room. When we made this mistake known to the front desk they told us; " we are very busy with another big conference & near sold out. We can see if tomorrow we can accommodate you better". It was late, & we were both very tired from the 8 hour drive, so we agreed. . . The next day in between my husband's VERY important conference, he attempted multiple times to remedy the mistake. Each time he was told "well, maybe we can change your room this afternoon, after housekeeping? But we are near sold out, so we just don't know". . . At 1 pm the second day of our stay, we were given another room. We packed up all our stuff/luggage & made our way to the next, supposedly correct room.......MUCH to our dismay, this room was also......you guessed it.....a double TWIN.  So, we slupped our luggage BACK down to the front desk to AGAIN attemptto rectify the mistake. . . FINALLY, on day 2 of our 3 day stay.....we obtained our correct room. Albeit, the crapiest King room they probably had, with a view of the dirty/dusty, pipe filled roof of the "good tower". The wall was PAPER thin, & the drunk guy next door kept smoking in his room despite the wing being "smoke free". I could actually SEE the smoke wafting under the adjoining door (that incidentally, his drunk ass kept trying to open, day & night). . . Each time we encountered the front desk person of the hotel, we were met with smiles & apologies, but little else for these logistical mistakes. . . I mean, seriously??? Doesn't the computer system KNOW which rooms are TWINS & which are KINGS?  Seems simple to me??? . . Also, in the land of complimentary hookers & cocaine......all we got was a meaningless "sorry" from the front desk for this kind of minimum wage worker folly of errors??   At least toss us a spa credit or something???  For what we paid for this place....you'd think they could actually get the damn reservations right? . . With all the competition & places to stay in Las Vegas....shame, SHAME on "Caesar's Shack" for their lack of customer services & mediocre facilities. . . I WILL NOT be planning another stay at this craptastic place EVER again!! . . Do yourselves a favor & stay next door at Bellagio or even at one of the older places like Luxor.....I bet you'll get some ACTUAL customer service.....
For 42 years I have wanted to stay @ Caesar's Palace. In April I finally got my wish, and shared a room with my niece, who has stayed @ Caesar's twice before. The room was adequate except the "Do Not Disturb" sign was missing. While we were having lunch the housekeepers came to clean the room. When we returned, my niece came to find that her brand new bottle of Ed Hardy perfume and Coach clutch were missing from her suitcase; A value of $165.00. This was reported to the hotel, and within two days a letter was sent denying all fault. She suffered the entire loss. My Niece has stayed at eight other hotels in Las Vegas, and has never had a problem. Because of the security issues, we will never stay @ Caesar's again.
My buddy was having a bachelor party in Vegas during Memorial Day weekend 2011. Before arriving, we called around various hotels to book a suite and Caesars Palace gave us a quote around $1,800 for Saturday night in a 3,000+ sqft two-bedroom Palace Tower Senators Suite. I forget the exact numbers, but it was the best deal we could find. They also said it included an amenities package that gave us free WiFi, a tour of VIP facilities, entrance to a luxury pool, etc. Finding nothing better, we called back and booked it.. . On the day of check-in, they told us that there was no amenities package. Really? We requested that it be brought up to a manager. The manager went to check the phone logs and was only able to conveniently pull up the call confirming our booking and not the sales pitch from the first call. It took him 45 some minutes on the phone to pull this up! Really? MAKE US STAND 45+ MINUTES IN THE LOBBY WHILE THE MANAGER IS ON THE PHONE? We asked nicely if they could give us any comps, perhaps entrance into the hotel's nightclub, Pure, or vouchers for the buffet, or at the very least free WiFi. He said the nightclub wasn't possible, since it isn't operated by the hotel. Really? He said that WiFi was $15 per night and that could not be waive. REALLY? He did offer a $200 voucher for the buffet. Really? We ask if it's possible for the vouchers and WiFi but he said he couldn't do it and that we have to choose. First of all, that's insulting to present it as "$200 buffet voucher or free WiFi". You're a freaking manager, what's $15 for WiFi to you? Come on, WE WOULD PAY $1,800 FOR THE SUITE BUT THEY COULDN'T COMP US $15 FOR WIFI!? And a $200 voucher is nothing! We had at least 5 guys staying. . . This whole ordeal took over an hour of our time, and HE NEVER APOLOGIZED FOR MAKING US WAIT. Heck, while we were in line, another guest was complaining that Caesars Palace screwed him over because they gave his room out to someone else. Being diabetic, he originally had a room with a fridge to hold his insulin, but Caesars Palace screwed up. THE GUY HAD TO GO GET HIS INSULIN SHOT AT THE URGENT CARE BECAUSE CAESARS PALACE DID NOT PROVIDE HIM WITH THE PROMISED REFRIGERATOR!. . We were so pissed we asked to cancel our reservation. We were going to find somewhere else to stay. The manager then had the nerve to say "You know it's Memorial Day weekend right?" Implying that we wouldn't be able to find living arrangements elsewhere. You know what Caesars Palace? WE'RE NEVER GOING TO STAY AT CAESARS PALACE EVER AND TELLING EVERYONE HOW YOU MISTREATED US!
horrible   stayed fourth of july weekend  hotel lets outside people into their pool facilities and then tells their guests looking for pool chairs that its first come first serve     pool manager even worse and extremely rude   been to Vegas over thirty times     Cesar's the worst
Was attending a conference in January for which my plan changed-still working it out with billing department as I was charged fees even though I canceled. No response from their "customer" service department.  With all the choices available in the area-can they afford to be so cavalier?
Went to 2 places to get a drink and a bite to eat. Each place had no customer service- I didn't get served or given a menu even after I waited.
I was in town for a national healthcare related conference hosted at Caesar's Palace in Las Vegas. I had never been to Las Vegas before this, nor have I ever gambled. I flew in a day early and stayed at a Marriott in Henderson. I spent the next day hiking to the Hoover Dam and some nearby mountains.. . I had a rental car. For a first-timer, the Strip is a little daunting. After some maneuvering, I found Caesar's Palace. I didn't know they had free valet service and wouldn't you know it, the free parking garage is a loooong walk from the check-in desk. . . When I checked in I made a grave mistake that only someone who has never been to Vegas makes. I didn't tip the registration person before I checked in. This guaranteed me the worst room available at that time. I hadn't done enough homework on the nuances of Vegas. I would be paying for my initial error many times over again during my stay.. . I asked if there was a cart I could use to haul my week's worth of clothing and tradeshow materials to my room. I was curtly told that wasn't possible, but I could employ a staff member to do it for me. I declined. Even though it was going to be an ordeal to carry all of it through the floor of the casino, I could physically handle it. I was in the Roman Towers. It took three trips.. . After I checked in the room, I took a shower. The room itself was a nice size. I had a view of an interior courtyard rooftop. There was no door on the bathroom. There was a handset phone next to the toilet, more antiquated than quaint.. . A small TV screen was next to one of the sinks. The bath tub was large and in-charge. . . I went downstairs and signed up to get a player's club. I also signed in on FourSquare and was given a free buffet at Lagos as a special. . . I told them I had never gambled before and they took their time answering my questions. You can't buy chips with a credit card, but there are ATM machines all around that take plastic. You don't even need to know your pin number (you just pay a higher fee).. I had set my limit at $100. When I withdrew it, I got a hundred dollar bill (instead of 20s). Next to the ATM is a machine which will turn your $100 bills into smaller denominations. . . I found a helpful young lady at the small concession stand near the parking lot elevator who gave me a map of the facility.. . I had dinner at the Noodle restaurant by the lobby elevator. The decor is a shocking white pattern with mirrors reflecting light into your eyeballs which still maybe adjusting from the dimness of the casino floor. They had massive fish tanks filled with thousands of goldfish.. . The beer that says draft on the menu is not what we in America consider a draft. It was a weak beer in a bottle and draft was the brand. The noodle dish was okay, but average isn't what I want from Vegas dining, not at the price for my dinner.. . All night I was roused through vigorous banging on the hotel wall at random times. Several thumps were hard enough to shake my bed. In the morning there was no cold water in the shower. Thankfully the bathtub had a hand-held shower extension and I could bathe there. That was the only morning that the shower's cold water didn't work.. . I discovered my room shared a wall with the servant's elevator and work room. That is what had made the noises the night before (and every night at random times during my entire stay).. . I ate each morning at Lagos and each time, it was excellent (except the last day). They have two lines. If you are a diamond or seven club member, there is no waiting. Otherwise, come at the wrong time, and the line looks like a crowd waiting for a Disney ride. I arrived early enough (8AM) each day that there was no line. Typically by the time I left, folks were accumulating, much more so on the weekend.. . They had wonderful lox, capers and other delights. The waitstaff, almost to a fault, was exceedingly attentive. The only negative experience was when I asked to see if my friend had arrived before I did for our meal. I was told to look from the door but was discouraged from entering to see if he was indeed there.. . On our last morning, the buffet had turned from being breakfast into being a 'brunch'. What that meant for us much greater cost and almost none of the good food we'd been enjoying all week. Lox were gone, and most of the regular breakfast items were either low or out. . . Another friend of mine who arrived separately was incredulous that we didn't know the tip rule. He had the same level of room reserved as we did (same conference) and tipped the front desk $50 on check-in. He was given a palatial, presidential suite. . . You can smoke in Vegas casinos. I don't mind second hand smoke, so it didn't bother me.. . The TV doesn't get many channels other than Caesar/Las Vegas promos/Asian ones. The internet is woeful and expensive, but I didn't expect anything else. I brought my Sprint hotspot and was getting 4G almost everywhere.. . The pool is nice, but randomly, private parties bar all but diamond/7 stars.
Even "upgraded" to a $500 suite in the Roman Tower, this place reeks of someone's idea of "nice" from the 1950's.  Terrible wi-fi you have to pay for ($16/day), if you want a coffee maker that's an extra $40, no mini-bar but a mini-frig with no ice maker, yes the suite has a a huge room , two toilets, and small bedroom, ancient jetted tub, and steam shower, but the water would not get hot.  Overpriced, with such poor service, we left after the first night of a planned three, immediately got a fantastic, modern, WORKING room at the Mirage for 1/2 the price!  Casino floor seems smokier than Mirage, Paris, or Venetian. NEVER AGAIN!
I've stayed at this hotel only 3x and don't know why I bothered to give them another shot.  Thinking their attitude would improve...me thinks not.. . 1) Was there around Thanksgiving this year and the quality of the rooms were as follows:.    a) Carpet corners looked like a cat/dog has been chewing and naw-ing on them for the last few years.  Bathrooms had wallpaper covering OLDER wallpaper.  Why wouldn't you strip it and just redo it or paint it?  The beds were HORRIBLE....the mattresses clearly were not replaced in YEARS.  The TV -- we now have LCD and what's with the old cabinets?  We had 2 little lamps and one electric socket that wasn't working.. . 2) When explaining our unhappiness with the room, the front desk asked us "so what do you want us to do about it?".  I thought to myself "you have got to be kidding me....the economy is bad but there are 150+ other hotels to go to and they think their entitled"?  . . 3) After mulling through 3 managers and raising a stink were we able to get issued a food credit.  Even that took more than 6 hours to get.  Disappointed in overall service, their total rewards program (how they are different "owners/operators" from the hotel that is.  Getting things comped isn't so easy and unless you're famous, their motto seems to be just to STAND IN LINE...sorry guys, but our family had other options and we regret we chose your establishment to stay.. . The long and short is this: don't get suckered into paying anything extra for a room that they cannot guarantee for you because you may end up in a worse off room and even asking to change properties won't happen.   . . I will never stay here AGAIN and I will stay at the Westin or off the strip before staying here ever again.  I don't care if they offered the rooms for free.  The hotel overall is smoky, dingy in the hallways, and not quick to respond to fixing things.  They will "get to it when they can" and that can take up to 1.5 days.. . For the prices of these rooms at retail, go stay at Vdara or Cosmopolitan.  Even the Bellagio standard rooms are nicer than this place.
I've been staying in hotels for 35 years and the room I had last night (3914) wins the "worst smelling room ever" award. . . It smelled like someone had lit a truck-load of cigarettes on fire in the room for the last five years and then coated every available nook and cranny with tar and nicotine.  It was so bad you could smell the room the minute you stepped off the elevator and onto the hall.. . I had asked for a King non smoking room. When I checked in the desk clerk said they didn't have anymore (really? in all of Caesars?) but I could either take a twin or take this smoking room.  Which she reassured me they had aired out with an ozoneator and I wouldn't be able to tell the difference.. . They truly ought to give tours of this room.  If you're in Las Vegas and are trying to quit smoking be sure to drop by Caesars Palace, Centurion Tower room 3914.  . . It's like sleeping inside of a nicotine patch.
Caesar's Palace is the Walmart among the strip's big properties.. . Crappy customer service - making me wait while they train their newbies (how about training them on the process BEFORE you put them in front of people and try training them on how to serve customers?).. . Price gouging runs amok. $15 a day for in-room WiFi ($25 for property-wide access), $25 to use the health club, a crappy meal at the noodle shop costs $9 for a small bowl of soup / $20 for kung pao chicken / $5 more for noodles or rice (really?), $17 for a HOUSE red wine at RAO.. . The layout and furnishings are as old and tired as the brand itself.. . If you go there expect to grab your ankles and bend over a lot.
I am a 22 year old female. This is one of the worst hotels i have ever stayed at on the strip. The shopping obviously is great. We had to wait 45 minutes in line on a wednesday night only when 4 people were in front of us. Very very slow check-in. Now the people who work at the Hotel is the problem.  At Qua Spa the front people are very rude and unpleasant to their costumers. They told me that i had to get my mother "in check" while we were 2 minutes late for our spa day (DO NOT BE LATE). We were 4 people booked for about $160 per person massages (for two days) and that is the way they were treating us, if not the other costumers/guests as well. They never asked how our stay was going, nothing to make us feel comfortable as they should. And if you are late, your minutes will be deducted from your massage. . . The room we stayed in was nice and very huge!!! Grand piano and all! Didn't really bother me the we had a wall for a view but there were chunks of the walls missing and the room looked as if people tried to destroy it. The 90's tv was mostly static so wecouldn't hear or watch it most of our stay... (If you try to use WIFI it cost $14.99 per computer, per night. Rollaway bed is $30.00 fee a night. Room service is also a 18% gratuity charge.). . Another incident happened twice in the Caesars Palace gift shop. Two times i had went there to buy stuff for the flu i was having at the time. They would not let me charge to the room and was giving me a very hard time. My name was on the room with my parents so i immediately tell them that i was going to the front desk to complain. I did just that and the guy at the front desk apologized and told me there should be no problem. I went back the next day and the same thing happened, unfortunately i was so fed up and sick that i did not feel the need to keep complaining about the poor costumer service. . . As i am still sick with the stomach flu/strep throat i caught there, i called front desk to help me out so i could go to a 24 hour urgent care. They gave me a number of an operator who informed me that urgent care was not 24 hours. I called the front desk again and had explained what had happened. Front desk this time gives me an address of an urgent care 4 miles away. Got into a taxi and by the time we got there, the urgent care sign said they were not open on weekends WHEN Caesars Palace assured me that it was. By this time i was so ill i had to go to the emergency room and they would not call me an ambulance. I was rolled in a wheelchair into another taxi going to the 3rd hospital, that did nothing for me, and they were not allowed to give me a throat culture or tell me what my fever was at that point. just prescribed me a bunch of drugs and sent me on my way to walgreens so i can wait 2 hours for my prescription while throwing up blood. Worst experience of my life. . . . Moral of all of this ..The people at Caesars Palace treat their guests like crap. Everything is also EXTREMELY over priced. Even for people with money. They really like to rip you off and talk down to you. Never staying here again! And never get sick in Vegas..worst healthcare of ALL time.
This hotel should receive no stars, at all. The check-in process was long, the room, soiled and for $225/night I received no robe, no coffee maker, no refrigerator, no make-up mirror and was charged almost $20/day for a three cup coffee service. There was smoke everywhere and most attendants were too busy to assist in directing me to my meeting room. I was ripped off and am now upset. Furthermore their internet service is over $20/d, their restaurant offerings, overpriced and the selection - poor. The bell hop was friendly so I tipped him well...
What a dump.  I had stayed here several years ago for a conference and was back in town this week for another trade show.  Instead of being at the Venetian or the Wynn, I was one of the few unlucky ones who got stuck at Caesar's.  . . Let's just do a quick rundown of what was crummy about my stay there:. - Official check-in is at 4 PM but my room wasn't ready until 5:30 PM.. - Room was in the Roman Towers which smells musty.  . - TV was broken, 2 lights were out, 1 flickered, and there was no TV remote.  Not offered a room switch although I should have insisted on one. . - Paul Mitchell convention with tons of young hairdressers who unfortunately were in the room next to me and got back drunk every night at 3-4 AM yelling & screaming.  Rooms don't have much sound insulation so I heard much of their conversation.  It also took the Front Desk over 15 minutes to send someone up 2 times to get to finally shut up.  I wasn't offered another room either or a comp.  . - $25/day to use the gym which had the cheap eclipital machines, no rowing machines and a single bench press.  YMCA typically have more impressive gyms and equipment especially in regards to free weights.   . - There is no express check-out.  It took over 30 minutes just to hand in my key & get my room receipt.    . . It is clear as day that Caesar's has been really hit by the economic downturn & really been skimping as much as possible on room maintenance.  Also not a place that is business traveler friendly as evidenced by the disaster that is the check-in/check-out process.  It never was a great place for service but you frankly get better service from the Front Desk at a Motel 6.  . . The only good thing about the stay was that the bed was comfortable & the bathroom had a shower & tub.  I would have just been better off staying at the Hard Rock or another place off the Strip instead.
Overall it was ok, but I left with a really bad taste in my mouth and I won't ever come back. They charged me $15 a day for Internet access PER DEVICE! So, my wife and I got online with both of our laptops and both iPads. They charged us $60 for the day. Shame on me for not reading the tiny print, but that's ridiculous. I know Vegas is all about squeezing every last dollar out of you, but I thought they had a little more respect for their customers than that. I don't care how the rest of the stay was, if you screw me that bad, I won't ever come back.
Nightmare wedding location. I had a wonderful planner on the wedding side named Lindsay and she has nothing to do with what comes next. Caesars just cancelled my wedding ceremony venue 3 weeks out due to ignorance in construction permitting that led all brides until August to find a new venue outside of the Juno Garden. I have already paid for invitations programs etc with this info on it. I'm sure there will be no reimbursement for this at all. Thanks for ruining my wedding day and all keepsakes from it. You construction manager should be fired and sued for incompetence. In the meantime my wedding is ruined and potentially thousands of other girls who got that call saying from today trough August all weddings aren't happening at the Juno Garden. Furthermore I tried to work last ear with your citywide group to secure a reception venue and they consistently blew me off and misquoted me and changed sept heads over the 3 months forcing me to secure a reception venue off property as well. Not a good sign Caesars it looks like you are on the decline despite years of supremacy on the strip. So beyond disappointed.
I'm not sure if I've ever given only 1star but this hotel is horrible! Thank God we did not actually stay here! We had a trade show at Caesars all week and had the worst service I have ever experienced, especially for how much money we spent. I am so happy we decided to stay almost next door at Treasure Island, they were great and cheap!. At Caesars, It seems like they hire people from off the street for their staff because no one knows where anything is and can not answer any questions or direct you to anyone that can.. Every time I picked up the phone to call for anything I was on hold for at least 5min before having to hold another 5min to speak to someone that could help with anything. The trade show was 5days and I do not know how many times I had to call to find where our luggage had been taken to or never getting items that we ordered and paid for. They lost our luggage for several hours and still charged us per bag for drop off. . We absolutely dreaded coming back each day. The entire hotel reeks of smoke, and for a Vegas hotel to stand out like that, they have to really be bad. The absolute worst service EVER! I would rather stay at some cheap motel then have to deal with their incompetence and lack of customer service ever again.
this review is only based on my experience here. Overall the hotel is huge and nice. rooms are comfortable. So we checked in and they ask us smoking or non smoking. we told them non smoking. we than go to our room and guess what it was smoking. so we called to have them move us. And after driving 6 hours we just wanted to relax. they told us there is nothing they can do for us and they will send a machine that would clear the smell. We didnt like the idea but watever. But we have to leave the room for one hour.. . "One Hour Later". We go to a bar and have some rounds. we go back to the room and the guy who drop off the machine must have lite a cig in the room bc it was worse now. My wife called and talk to someone for about 20 mins just to find out that there is nothing they can do until tomorrow. we ask for corporate number and the women refused to give it to us. she was very pushy and demanding. so we had to sleep in that smell which we hate.. . "Next Morning". We call at 8am bc the front desk told us to call first thing in the morning. Lady was very rude and told us there is nothing they can do we have to wait until 11:00. Finally we get a new room around 1:00pm. . "Around 4:00pm". At the casino changing some money the cashier throws me the money. and yells NEXT. isnt there job to tell you good luck.. . "Next Next Morning". Go to valet to pick up my car. guy didnt even look at me wanted for 20 mintues and after i started to see people who arrived after me get in there cars. So i had to approach the valet guy to figure out where is my car. No one got it.. . Im sure this hotel has tons of employees but during our stay we spoke to all the ones that were having a bad day and bad attitude.
Attended a conference last last month.  Had never stayed there, but had fond memories from my younger days.. . In a word, disgusting.  Bathroom tiles had moldy grout. Wood trim and doorjambs around the tub warped, moldy, and dry-rotted.  Ridiculous 70's phone by the toilet that I am sure costs 2.00/min.  No fridge in room, not even a mini-bar.  Staff could care less about you as a guest - not one even a hint of a smile.. . Worst thing was the pool - we wondered why it closes at 4pm?  Happened to be in the pool area after hours, saw a roach, then 2, then 16, then 128 - we left before the invasion overhwelmed us - apparently they own the pool after dark.  Like someone turned off the lights and the real nightlife of Vegas came out to play.. . Cant imagine having people, especially kids sitting on the same pool deck and loungers covered with roaches the night before - shouldn't this be some kind of healthcode violation?. . And the food was terrible - bland, uninspired, did not have a good meal on property.  Had better meals at in my highschool cafeteria than here.. . My first and last overnight stay at this hotel - the nerve to charge 160/night for what I consider worse than a 50$-a-night motel six.
I had my wallet stolen here. I knew exactly what machine I was sitting at because I had just put $20 in when I realized it was missing a few minutes later. Security claimed they would "check their security tapes" and offer me compensation, which never happened. They were not apologetic at all, as if this happens all the time. I didn't like the tone in which they spoke to me, as if I was lying or had dropped it. No. I was playing at a machine and know the *exact* moment I reached into my purse to get more money and the wallet being gone. It's a little bit my fault for having a baggy purse and I won't be using it again EVER, but I felt as if their security lacked any type of customer service experience. I will never, ever come back here again if they are that relaxed about theft or monitoring the gaming floor.
My friends and I shared a room together during Evo 2012 and we stayed at the Roman Towers floor 14. The room was pretty nice, BUT on the day we checked out our friend was removing luggage from the top of the TV Cabinet (pretty tall at least 6 ft) and a DUSTY, OLD, USED CONDOM FELL TO THE GROUND. Idk about you guys, but I was pretty pissed that our room ended up not being cleaned from top to bottom especially with it being Caeser's Palace. . . My boyfriend called the front desk and explained the situation and they said they'd send up a manager. We got a call about 10min later from front desk saying they'd comp a phone call that was made for $62 (boyfriend had called me "long distance" because it was a call from NV to a CA cellphone - was about 5 minutes long). Obviously that wasn't the point and they ended up sending up the manager. So the manager and another random lady showed up, we explained the story and he pretty much confirmed what had happened. To be honest, I don't think anybody believed us because we all LOOK like we're teenagers but I was the youngest in the room and I am 23, so they probably thought we made everything up.. . ANYWAYS, 10 min passed and we got another phone call from some random person who was obviously given the task to call us and he said they'd comp us $50 for the room. Our other roommate then chimed in explaining how what had happened was a completely violation to cleaning standards, but nothing else happened. On the way down I reminded them that they said they would comp the WHOLE phone call and not just $50, so when we went to the Check-Out desk we explained to the lady our story and she was happy to do it (of course she was, so we wouldn't cause a commotion most likely). We all remained professional during the entire thing and kept telling them it wasn't about the money, it was just disgusting and they acted like it wasn't a big deal.. . Anyways, probably never staying here again. Completely grossed out and disappointed with the lack of customer service with this place. Caesar's Palace is going to SH*T.
So excited to stay a Caesars Palace for our wedding! So disappointed in our stay. We booked our room over 3 weeks prior to our stay. We booked a room in the Palace Tower that was supposed to have couches and overlooking the pools just as our previous stay. We asked for early check in. When we arrived about 1 pm we were told no rooms were ready yet. They took our cell number and would call. At nearly 5 pmwe went back to check on our room. They assigned us a room. When we got into it the room was NOT the large room as requested when booking. At that time we had a dinner engagement.  Went to fromdesk next morning at 7 am and politely asked about it. The lady at the front desk was so rude. We told her it was our wedding stay and we just wanted theroom we paid for. She told my husband..oh just go buy her a purse! She did not care at all. . . At the bar across from the front desk the blond male bartender was worse than rude to our party of 8. He insisted they were out of Makers Mark and Jack Daniels. There were plenty of both on the shelf above the bar at the other end.. . The concierge was rude when we asked about ordering extra flowers. . Caesars took what should have been a very special stay and turned the time there into a non memorable experience.  Money was no object but they have lost out because next time we will go across the street and try the Palazzo!. . Let's call it the Bait and Switch hotel
I WILL NEVER USE VEGAS.COM OR STAY AT CAESARS. We were booked to stay here 7/3 for 2 nights & left after the 1st. The bathroom fixtures were rusted, the bottom of the door was broken & coming apart, urine had ate away at the marble around the toilet the grout around the tub was dirty & moldy. The other doors were 1.5 inches from reaching the floor, we could see out into the hall & into the adjoining room. the air conditioner was very clanking. They sent someone to fix it which was no help. They switched our room to an nicer room that had 1/2 the crystals stolen off the wall sconce chandelier. The blanket had a big hole in it & the lighting was too dim to apply my make-up. We asked where the buffet was & they said it had been closed for month & vegas.com should have told us & they didn't. They suggested we go to Flamingo's buffet which was closed for 4 hours due to a water problem. We then walked to Paris who's buffet was open but were out of food. No meat, no fresh cooked veggies. The salad bar was old wilted lettuce with no tomatoes, cucumbers, tomatoes or other fresh veggies. At least the Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian was outstanding. I will never stay at Caesars and never book from Vegas.com & will tell everyone i know to avoid both of these when booking a Vegas get away
DO NOT STAY HERE!!  Management service is awful. Their toilet backed up and did not respond immediately not even to fix problem and make us, their guests happy. We noticed problem at check in.  They did not address issue until night before we left  Upon check out they tried charging us the entire first night and part of the second night!!! This was being done despite their restroom not being of any use to us! My husband was not happy!!! The hotel supervisor was extremely stubborn telling us that was all he could do. How can you expect a guest to stay in a restroom with a backed up toilet. While we were in lobby another couple was waiting with same issue!! After spending an hour arguing with supervisor he only comped part of the first night.  Never ever staying here. I should have read the reviews as it seems others noted the same issue with management doing all they could do to make their guests happy.
Caesar's Palace, you are the WORST hotel/casino that I've stayed at during my trips to Vegas.. . Short story:. - Messed up our comps when confirmed they were available. - Dirty band aid in our hotel bathroom. - Broken faucets. - No video roulette. - Housemaid didn't replenish our bathroom toiletries after the first night. . Long story:. My boyfriend, a total rewards member was graciously comped 5 free nights plus food comps at any of the Caesar's properties. And without a doubt, Caesar's would be first on our list. When I booked the hotel, I was confirmed that the nights were free and the food comps were available. After a sickening flight, we were told that we did not make reservations under the same code and was not offered other comps as substitution. Disappointed, we went upstairs to check out our hotel room. After a quick tour, I stepped into the bathroom and there it lay. A DIRTY BAND AID. Just there. Laying. On the ground. I was appalled that this institution supposedly reputable and gorgeous had such a disgusting slip up. Furthermore, the faucets were broken. HOW DO YOU HAVE BROKEN FAUCETS THAT YOU DON'T BOTHER TO FIX? Then the cleaning lady didn't even bother to replenish our bathroom toiletries. The whole time at Caesar's was a disappointment. In all, Caesar's is nice on the outside and the casino floor. I wouldn't bother to come back to Caesar's to stay the night though.
DO NOT STAY HERE. The cleaning ladies robbed us. They took all of our cash, and jewelry this weekend. All the hotel manager did is give us a $100 credit that was used up with lunch and one drink. I have stayed at many hotels in Vegas, and I was giving Ceasars a chance since I had never been. I should have just gone with the Wynn or Cosmo where I normally stay. Extremely disappointed.
The front desk was so rude to us.  They oversold the hotel because there was a huge event going on that weekend and she wouldn't even help us try to find another room elsewhere.  We were tired from driving six hours.  We looked tired.  Anyway... lets just say everyone was booked and we had to stay at a fairfield inn.  At least the Fairfield inn front desk people were extremely nice to us.
We went to Vegas this last weekend for my bachelor party and had the utmost horrible experience. I have traveled all over the world and have stayed at different calibre places- from 5 star resorts, motels, and even 3rd world country bungalows in remote villages. I have never been so disgusted in my life than I have with my recent stay at Caesars. . . We had booked the VIP Absolut Suite at Caesars and were HIGHLY disappointed. The room is NOTHING like what they advertise in the pictures. For spending $4,000 a night, it was the biggest waste of money.. . We get to the hotel early to check in, and get situated to start our fun filled weekend. The first disappointment occurred with us waiting 45 minutes for the bellman to take our luggage from valet to the inside of the hotel. I literally had to push the cart myself to get it in. Standing in the heat outside of the hotel for nearly an hour was definitely not how I wanted to start my weekend. We go in to check in and reservations said the room would be ready in an hour.  Since it was an hour wait, we went to have an early lunch and came back 2 hours later to give them enough time. The room was still not ready and were told that they didnt know when it would be cleaned. Even with American Express Platinum Early Check in, the hotel screwed us over with our room. We had a Cabana reserved at Encore Beach, and almost lost our reservation.  We had to go through our luggage in the middle of the lobby, take our clothes,  change and get ready in the public restrooms.. . Later on in the day once we were able to check in and received our keys, we go to the room and the keys didnt work. We had to go back down to get new keys 2x. At that point, one of our guys pushed the door in and the doors opened without a problem. In order for us to get into the room the entire weekend, we had to push our way in because the keys didnt work. Maintenance came at least 3 times to attempt to fix the electronic panel on the door (it was never fixed.). . The service was horrible, we waited 20 minutes on the phone in order to receive any customer service. For VIP treatment, we were treated as if we didnt exist. . The rooms were disgusting and the beds were dirty. The showers and bathrooms were filthy with remaining bodily fluids still present. The bathrooms definitely were not cleaned. Housekeeping came both days but only cleaned the downstairs living room. We had to call the front desk 2x to tell them to come and clean the bedrooms and the bathrooms. Their response was that they "forgot". . . We tried reasoning with Guest services but they did nothing to help or accommodate us.   . . After those 2 days we could not take it anymore. We had to check out of the hotel. To spite our group, the bellman from Caesars sprinkled and threw a can of Comet all over the inside of one of our bags. All of my clothes and shoes were ruined. We have pictures of this monstrosity.. . We went to Wynn to stay for our final night. We had a basic room and were treated like royalty. If you want an amazing and luxurious experience, stay at the Wynn and don't even bother at Caesars. It lacks customer service, needs a facelift, and is definitely dated.
I would give a ZERO if there is. I left two items in the room, one of them during the room switching. I talked with their front desk, security, and lost&found many times, and their answers were always "NO". For a hotel like Caesars advertise, it is not acceptable. Also, the room is noisy which was the reason I switched the room, and their maintenance person had to come to turn off the fan completely. Want to stay there? Your call, but I won't!
Stayed here for two nights for a business trip.  Definitely WON'T stay here again.  Last time I stayed at the Bellagio and I remember it being all around better.. . Since I'm not much of a gambling man, this review focuses on the hotel aspect and primarily the room.. . First, the hotel, like many have said, is too large and the conference center is buried in the back of the compound, with some of the longest escalator rides ever.  Casino/hotel signs and directions are generally lacking and not clear, especially in the conference center.. . Second, my room in the Roman tower was outdated and lacking.  Tube TV with 20 channels; a cheap power strip sticking out from underneath the tv stand with a plethora of items plugged in.  A Motorola cable modem blinking away down there too.  Lacking some standard amenities (coffee pot, mini bar/fridge, ample power plugs on desk or near bed).  The only redeeming factor was that the bathroom was huge.. . Third, in-room wireless internet is an ungodly $14.99 per night PER device.  Other "standard" business hotels (Hilton, Marriott, Westin) charge for internet, but all your devices can use it.  And to top it off, the wireless service was extremely slow.. . In summary, if it weren't for the business trip and conference at Caesar's, I would not have come here - and I definitely won't return.
Security broke into my room at 2:30am because they double booked my room! Didn't knock or think to call the room?! When they were tampering with my door I thought it was the room next to me. Than they ask for my ID as if I'm some sort of criminal, I even have to ask the security guards to excuse me so I can get dressed!! Absolutely unacceptable!. . Did I mention that when I got to my room the cleaning lady was still cleaning it. Of course I called the front desk to speak with a Supervisor and they bounced me back and forth between Caesars and the Flamingo, it took 10 minutes to get someone on the phone! This leads me to believe that they don't hear about most of their guest concerns. This hotel is obviously mismanaged and disorganized.. . Needless to say, I will never come back & I suggest that you don't run the risk of having your vacation or getaway destroyed by this place.
SoI get this miscellaneous $200 charge from Caesars and immediately call them.  First off, it's hard to find their phone number and they say all billing inquiries must be handled my email only.  Heck no, I'm not waiting days before they care to respond, I want answers.  . . So I call the front desk and they pretty much tell me that the money is for movies, music, internet or any room damages.  And I said "I'm sorry, so you just assume I bought $200 worth of stuff or caused that much worth of damages?"  She then tells me it's a retainer and they wait until the cleaning lady gives the "green light" saying the room is fine and then they refund me in 5 days.  Well thanks for telling me when I checked in. And thank god I used a credit card and not a debit card.  I can't wait almost a week to get $200 back. I will never go back here.
Bar service is pretty stuck up and very rude if you don't have ID in hand
I'm pretty much done with this hotel simply because their service is atrocious.  I was upsold to the Octavius Tower.  The main reason I did it was not because it was a nicer room but rather, for the parking.  The woman at the front desk told me they had special valet parking with an entrance on Flamingo.  It had just taken me 30 minutes to go 1 1/2 blocks on the strip, so that benefit alone was worth the upgrade.  I picked up my wife at the airport about an hour later (she had arrived that evening) and we zipped into the valet without having to deal with the strip traffic.  I was very pleased until I was told that unless I was a "Diamond" or "Seven Seas" card level, I couldn't park there.  When I informed the valet what the lady at the front desk said and why I upgraded the room, he just said sorry and when they were full that didn't apply (he then preceded to direct me to the Forum Shops valet...which is all the way down by self parking.....what's the point?!).  When I complained to their customer service, the witch on the phone said since I didn't appear to be happy with the arraignment, we could just pack our bags and move to the room we originally had.  Imagine that.  They upsell me on false pretenses, it takes me a total of 45 minutes to get back to the hotel after being redirected, and now she wants to inconvenience me more by packing up!  I let her have it and insisted on talking to a manager.  He apologized for her behavior and gave me a $75 food credit.  Might I suggest to management that if there is some stipulation on your service, you sure as hell should mention it when you're upselling someone.  I wouldn't have wasted my time or money on it if I knew it wasn't guaranteed (and your Front Desk person knew that by the comments I made to her). . As for the casino itself, the best analogy I could give is a person living in a small town and going to New York.  The place has gotten too big for it's own good (and their staff doesn't seem well equipped to deal with the traffic).  No matter where you went, it was a long walk.  Ironically, for such a huge area, their table area is rather small.  There's very little about this place that's relaxing (I usually stay at the Wynn and it's much more enjoyable).  Their new buffet, Bacchanal, has lines the size of the bigger attractions at Disneyland (it was an hour and a half wait on Saturday night).  Of course, if you were a "Diamond" or "Seven Seas" member you got to cut the line (or you could pay a $20 line pass....hilarious).  Once inside, there were still lines everywhere.  . . On the day we were checking out, I had to wait 2 hours to cash a sports ticket because their computer were down.  When I went to the "special" Octavius Tower registration desk, the woman said her computers had limited access, so she couldn't print my boarding pass and directed me to the Front desk.  The woman at the Front desk seemed annoyed that I had taken her away from some paperwork (keep in mind this was at 3:30am...we had a plane at 6).  She said the concierge normally takes care of that and they weren't open until 8 so I would have to go to a "paid" kiosk by the Total Reward Center.  Again annoyed, I went back to the Octavius Registration.  There was another lady there and she said she could print my boarding pass.  After 4-5 minutes she said she couldn't find my reservation.  I told her I was sure it was right.  Somehow the woman thought my first name was my last name (not exactly a common mistake).  I truly have to wonder when this hotel hires people if the manager just puts a mirror under their nose, and if it fogs up, you're hired.  Seriously, there are a lot of brain dead people at this hotel.  They also treat anyone that isn't a "Diamond" or "Seven Seas" member like crap.  When I'm at the Wynn, they certainly roll out the carpet for their high rollers (yeah, I get it), but they treat everyone else nice also.  There's no reason why you can't do both.  I never even notice the difference in service at the Wynn and am always treated very nicely.  I don't care what kind of deal I get at this place when I go back to Vegas, I won't be staying here again.. . P.S.  I was just reminded about their marketing of their "no resort fees".  If you and your partner use internet, it's a joke.  They'll make more off of you then the resorts that offer a "resort" fee.  We paid on average about $10 more per day and luckily we didn't go to the gym (yeah, that's extra also).  The "no resort fees" ploy is just a gimmick for them to make more money.
UGH! had the worst experience trying to get our room at this hotel. i was checking in on a Sunday, around 2pm, trying to see if our room was available,  when the man (not quite) helping us told us rooms were ready, but we would have to pay a $40 early check in fee, or wait until 3 pm, to get our room sans fee.. . Ok, I have never paid a fee to check in early- esp by an hour! at any hotel. this seems unheard of ,but fine,  we'll wait and hang out with some friends in the casino.  . . So at around 3pm, we come back, see if we could get our room - and we are told no, rooms arent ready- theyll call us within 40 minutes for our room key. An hour goes by- no call. we go back to check in at 4 PM, and NOPE theyre still cleaning the room. . . It wouldnt be so bad if we didnt see the crowds of other hotel guests being given key cards and directions to their room. but seriously? . . So by 5 PM, we're pretty fed up. Our room was not ready. We need to get ready for dinner! It wouldnt have been so bad if the staff we dealt with were apologetic or even showed any sympathy for our situation . . We finally were able to get our room by 5:30pm. We thought the worst part had been over, but as we walked in, the room was unlike the other rooms we had previously stayed in at Caesars. The bathroom had no door, the room seemed cramped, I'm pretty sure it was a wheelchair accessible handicap room- but not in a good way. It's almost as if they saved this sh*tty room for us. It was in stark contrast to Cosmopolitan where we'd stayed the night before. I almost wanted to go running back to Cosmo, where the staff have ALWAYS been accommodating.. . 4 unsuccessful check in attempts, one sh*tty room later, i'm never ever staying here again. Zero stars..
This place sucks. The parking takes forever to find, buffet is overpriced and takes 3 hours to pay, direction is confusing! Will never come back.
This review is based on a recent stay at the "Laurel Collection" rooms in the Octavius Tower.  Short answer is:  don't.. . I visited during a busy weekend and was happy to get several emails asking me to check-in online so they could be ready for me when I showed up.  They also mentioned that I could use the VIP Porte Cochere on Flamingo Ave instead of the main on-strip entrance.  So, after battling the hideous strip traffic, I went right by the main entrance, which was a zoo, and zipped into the VIP entrance only to see two signs:   one said "Laurel Collection."  The other said "Valet Full:  Seven Stars and Diamond Only.". . When I asked the valet what to do the Valet Full sign won -- I was Laurel Collection, but not Seven Stars or Diamond -- he rejected me and offered lame directions to get back to the main entrance -- which I did some 30 minutes later.  I was livid.  . . Think about this:  I was at the main entrance, I drove by it because they said I could use the VIP side entrance, and then they wouldn't let me.  So I had to cross Interstate 15, come back up Flamingo, sit through numerous light cycles, finally make the leftonto the Strip, and then fight to make the left turn into Caesar's ... all in all taking me to self-parking -- the farthest possible spot from the Porte Cochere --  which, by the way, was itself jammed.. . On arriving I told them this tale, and a manager named Andrew offered to put a $50 food and beverage credit on my bill.  After I left, I noticed that they couldn't even get that right -- no such credit was applied.  F**k you very much.  Empty promises squared.. . All that aside, Caeser's is simply too big for its own good and unless you are Diamond or Seven Stars you will most likely find yourself -- even in the Laurel Collection -- treated as a 2nd or 3rd-class citizen.. . By the way, I think "Laurel Collection" is Greek for "far from everything."  The rooms are nice, but far from the center of the action so think "more walking" which is just the thing that everyone wants to do in Vegas.  The other amazing BS was that my room was on the "61st floor" in a building that maybe had 40 floors.
BE AWARE TOTAL REWARDS MEMBERS!!! . . THEY WILL NOT COMP YOU THE WAY OTHER HOTELS WILL COMP YOU. . . THEY WILL LIE TO YOU!!!! EVEN WITH A DIAMOND MEMBERSHIP!!!. . They said room was free. NOPE!!!!. If you don't care about getting comped... this is the place for you. . The view on the outside is spectacular, view on the inside is just as great!. . Rooms are nice, gambling is OK. . . Won't be staying here in the near future. Plenty of other great stays on the strip.
The worst check in process ever.  The place is old and tired.
Well what a poor experiance  have had at the resort in las vegas .Don't stay in the palace tower room 1406 unless you want food exhaust pumped into your roon most of the day and night. I 'V Been in vegas many times but this was my worst experiance i offten stay at The Wynn and will return to them with open arms as Caesars palace is not a Palace. Upon calling the front desk for a solution i was offers a room air freshener  well that stinks . Pass on the palace and move over to another Casino in vegas you will be glad you did
I have never experienced racism until I went to CP.  My husband, a friend, and myself were staying at CP and decided to have a late dinner at Joe'sSeafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab.  The host told us they were about to close and not taking anymore customers.  When we looked back to the restaurant, the host sat a white family.  My husband and his friend are both Hispanic and I'm Filipino.  We were appropriately dressed (better dressed than the white family that was seated).   We complained to the CP management and they mildly apologized.  I will never stay at CP and will strongly discourage friends and family from eating at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak & Stone Crab.
The journey to Vegas can never be fast enough. Crossing the barren desert, everyone rejoices when they see the lights and know they are on the strip. This was our first time in Caesar's Palace- we paid online on Caesar's website where the room was advertised as "pleasing to the senses." The first contact we made was with Elsa, a loud mouth, rude, snappy front desk attendant. I paid for the room with my B of A debit card and expected no issues as I have been to many, many hotels in Vegas and beyond with no issues. Elsa made a point to berate me for not having provided a credit card- I made it clear that there was more in my account than most people have lines of credit for and eventually had to get a manager as she was making such an issue of it. Meet Tyler Moeller. Tyler is the night hotel manager, he comes across as well spoken and appears to be attentive- he simply does not do anything for you other than nod in mock understanding and say mmmhmmm.  I realized that the pool of people that the recruiting department had to pull from "was what it was," - I made my way to my room. Now keep in mind, it is a Monday( I am writing this as I am sitting in my room now) and we paid top dollar due to Easter being so close. The room was utterly plain and devoid of anything- Hard Rock, Palms, Venetian, Wynn...even Treasure Island, hell, the Tropicana have better rooms. The TV is a barely working 32 inch from 1995( I just had to check) you know, the large 100 plus pound, can't get your arms around TVs of yesteryear. Shocking.  Cheap. Crude. I called and Annisha, the customer service rep answered the phone with a breathy, nasal voice. After a few seconds speaking with her and her limited sentence construction, I realized I was getting nowhere- her last interest was in making sure that I had a good first time.. I decided to order room service- the "hard charge" they put on my card did not work for room service and I was told that I would have to provide my card # again or pay cash??!!!? Seriously???? I would give no stars if I could- never again...
I was so disappointed with Caesars Palace. I can't think of a single good thing to mention. I checked out of my suite a day early and my friend from Vegas took me to Red Rock.. . Staff - With very few exceptions they were Rude, Slow, Apathetic, Unprofessional and clearly don't value nor enjoy their jobs. . . Food - I'll be posting individual reviews for each restaurant but during my stay I experienced Gordon Ramsey's Pub, Munch, In Room Dining and the "Food Court". All bad experiences, some shockingly (Gordon Ramsey's /tear). My best "meal" was the $17 small, lunch meat sandwich from the Food Court and the two tiny pickles that came with it. . . Slots - Don't bother. They are ridiculously tight. I was here last October and thought I just had Extremely bad luck. This trip was even worse somehow. Money that would last me all day and night in one of the local station casinos was regularly lost hour after hour at Caesars. In my two trips now staying with Caesars I have yet to see ANYONE receiving a hand pay. My highest hit has maybe been for 80-100. This trip alone I had hits of 400, 430, 550, 2000 at Red Rock. . . Room - Two rooms clumsily converted into a large suite. 9th floor of the roman tower. Was straight out of the 80's. Carpet was worn, I was terrified to touch anything. The water wouldn't get hot enough for my liking. The arms of the entertainment center conveniently blocked half of the old school small tube TV. My back still hurts from the bed and the pillows were either totally flat or 14 inches thick when compressed.. . Unless your desire is to live out some Hangover fantasy, these guys are everywhere, STAY AWAY.. . edit - check-in took 45 minutes.
Stay away from Caesars Palace! I have stayed at Caesars Palace several times before and each time my experiences get worse and worse. I continued to stay there because of location but if you are going to spend over $500 a night on a room don't spend it at Caesars, go to the Venetian, or the Wynn properties. The VIP check in clerk was completely incompetent. When he looked up my reservation he asked me if i knew how much the rates were even though i had already paid the first night, frankly insulting. He gave us a smoking floor room when my wife has bad asthma and I had requested a non smoking room. He never took my credit card information when I handed it to him at check in, and was woke up at 7:30am to put a credit card down. Food Court was slow and serves cold food. Room service was ridiculous. They got our order wrong every time, and it took at least 1 hour plus for delivery of the cold food you pay an arm and leg for, and I got two harassing phone calls asking us to immediately put the cart back in the hallway (one of the phone call the cart was already outside). Our room had a broken lamp that flickered off and on all day. I really got the overwhilming impression they do not care about people anymore only the bottom line.
I haven't stayed here, but I am planning on staying in August. I really want to get a suite, but there are no pictures on their website! The pictures they do have cannot be viewed for some reason. I have tried to view the pictures several times on different computers. I'm getting so frustrated I might take my business elsewhere.
Don't check your bags with the Bell desk.  It will take over 40 minutes to get them.  And you have to wait in your room.
I was really disappointed from the start of our stay.  We were on a girls weekend and made a specific request for two non-smoking rooms with two beds.  When we checked in there were none available.  Kimberly, the front desk clerk did her best to find us an alternative, but two of us still ended up sleeping on pull always.. . At the end of our stay the bill was completely wrong with all kinds of extra charges, and because we did express checkout rather than stay in the 1 hour line, I could not dispute the charges.  Rather,I must take extra time out of my day to call the billing department.  I found dealing with minor issues at this hotel difficult at best.  I don't recommend staying here.  There are plenty of other choices that have way better customer service.
WORST PLACE EVER!!! RUDEST STAFF I EVER MET!!!!. now i didn't stay at their hotel but i was in the casino and their staff at the gaming tables were BEYOND rude.. . i'm just standing there, watching my boyfriend play roulette and the roulette ball tossing woman decides to card me even though i'm not playing. Okay, no big deal. . I hand her my US Passcard and it's obvious she has absolutely NO idea what she's looking at, she hands it over to the guy next to her who's stacking the chips and he too has no idea what he's looking at, at which point they hand it to the female pit boss who (guess what?) has NO IDEA what she's looking at and they start giving me a hard time about it. . It was the day before my 30th birthday. Yes, THIRTY! 3-0. . Thanks for ruiningmy birthday Caesar's Palace with your incompetent staff who were practically on the verge of tossing me out of the casino if i didn't conveniently have my passport on hand. . . it's absolutely ridiculous having two female chinese immigrants harassing me about my United States passcard whilst IN THE UNITED STATES. . what kind of absurdity is THAT?!. And then they have the nerve to tell me that it would've been better had i shown them my driver's license. . so you're telling me that you know what all 50 driver's licenses look like and what all 200 country passports look like BUT you have no clue what a United States passcard looks like when you work and live in the United States?!. . You need to better train your employees on their manners and what government issued IDs look like. You are lucky yelp requires a 1 star minimum because honestly, you deserve ZERO STARS!
I hate this hotel more than I can say.  I'd give them a negative star and beg people to tear it down, but the Forum shops are okay, and their concert venue is really nice, so I'll add a star for that.  Other than that, this place is overpriced and over-rated crap.. . Their casino is awful.  Their machines have some of the lowest payouts in Vegas.  Their table games have some of the highest minimum bets on the strip, and their staff is snobbish and rude.  If you aren't laying down $100 per hand, then you are simply not worth their time. . . The last time I was there was about a year ago. I actually had one of their pit bosses SNEER at me when I asked if there were any $10 Blackjack tables available, and he told me me it might be best if I found a lower class hotel to play in.  EXCUSE ME?!?!  I was wearing dress pants and a polo at the time, so it's not like I was looking trashy...I was just waiting for my concert to start and wanting to blow $100 or $150 while I waited.. . The hotel itself was probably considered really nice when it was built in 1962, but it is completely dated and tacky compared to anything else on the strip.  It looks like some 60 year old Persian guy went nuts with marble statues and gold spray paint. (Not trying to be racist, but that stereotype is the only way I can think to describe the absurd level of tacky). . Do yourself a favor.  Play somewhere else.  Oh, and for less money, you can upgrade to a pretty nice suite at any of the folowing for a MUCH better experience: Mirage, TI, the Monte Carlo, and the Venetian.
Paid 900 for a weekend stay in a room that smelled like sewage. Complained and they sent maintenance out . The man said the rooms have this problem in the summer, and all he could do about it was spray air freshener. TOTALLY UNACCEPTABLE! This facility has unsanitary plumbing ventilation and is too cheap to fix it.  Should be shut down until odor issue has been resoved.
I did the math..... . $28 resort fee X's 3910= MORE THAN 40 MILLION A YEAR!!!!. . Commie fee alert, Commie fee alert!!!. . I also Googled resort fee for my fellow yelpers..... . covers.... . fitness center. local calls. internet. newspaper. . I NEED NONE OF THOSE!!!!. . When is it time for us to speak up about this kind of BS...its an outrage....the above should be services and amenities that are part of the fact that I would choose to stay in such a resort.. . Do not even get me started on room service Commie fees..... . This is false advertising, we are being taken advantage of, start standing up for your rights people!!!!
Don't stay here.  Bad security.  Car got broken into in the parking garage.  They were no help whatsoever!
Wow this place has gone down hill. Old smelly rooms. Service is horrible
My Fiancee and I visit Vegas 3-4 times a year. This time when we were coming to Vegas, our trip was going to be a family trip So we decided to pay a little more money and book two Palace Tower Deluxe King rooms. I explained to the lady on the phone that we were coming with family so we wanted our rooms close together and we wanted a pool view. She told us that would be no problem and she could accommodate us. .     On Saturday July 27, 2013 at 1630 we arrived to Caesars Palace. When we first pulled in we were told Valet was full so we could drop off our bags, but would have to park at another location. When we pulled up to valet, my fiancee's mother told the valet that she was a players card holder. The valet said since we have the players card he could park us. When we arrived to check in, Salcala helped us. The first thing she told us was it was kind of early so she wasn't sure if there were any rooms cleaned for us. It was 1651 at this point, so I was very confused since check in time is 1500. I told Salcala that the lady I talked to on the phone told me our rooms would be close together, have a pool view, and be non smoking. Salcala said the closest she could get us was one room on the 24th floor and one room on the 25th floor, but since the rooms were so high up we would get a great view. Salcala also explained that since I was using a debit card she would have to charge a fee of $200 on each room for incidentals.  When I walked into our room (room #2541), the first thing I noticed was the strong smell of cigarette smoke. The next thing I noticed was our view. All we could see was a parking lot and a small section of the Mirage pool. Not only had the lady we booked with told us we would get a pool view, but Salcala told us we would have a great view. A view of a parking lot and part of another hotels pool isn't what I consider a great view. The next thing I noticed was a bottle cap and peanut shells on the floor.  When I sat down to call and complain about the cigarette smell, I smelled a very strong stench of urine by the phone. I called and complained and was told that they could bring in a machine that takes the smell of cigarette smoke out but we would have to leave the room for an hour. We had just arrived and the last thing we wanted to do was have to leave the room for an hour. The lady also told me she could have someone come in and use a spray that would help remove the smell. I told her that would be fine. I was very upset that we couldn't be accommodated any other way, so I called back. I talked to a different lady and she told me again that they could bring something in that would get rid of the cigarette smoke. I told her I had already been inconvenienced and would not be made to leave my room. I told her I expected to be switched rooms. She said there was nothing available to accommodate me. So after all this inconvenience of being on a different floor from my family, having been lied to about the great view we would get, the smell of cigarettes and urine, and the uncleanliness of our room, there was no way we could be accommodated. If it wasn't for my family staying, I would have gone to another hotel. Even with the staff spraying our room, it still smelled, very strongly, like cigarettes the entire weekend. .     After lunch, we wanted to go to the front desk to get a copy of our bill. The gentleman, STFlores, explained to us that we would be receiving back $91.02 on my fiancee parents room (room# 2423) and $116.00 on our room (room# 2541). We explained to STFlores that we were told we would be receiving back $200 on each room. He explained that in my fiancee's parents room they ordered internet, and we did understand we had to pay for that, but we should be receiving back $200 on our room and $175.01 on the other room. STFlores explained that the resort fees come out of that $200, but we told him that Salcala did not explain that to us. He told us that Salcala was right over there and we could go talk to her. We requested that he have Salcala come to us. She came over to us and we explained the confusion. She said she felt she explained herself correctly because she, "always explains herself thoroughly to customers". She went on to tell us all resorts charge resort fees. We explained that we are not trying to dispute the resort fee's, but she did not explain herself in a way that was clear. When we checked in we asked Salcala three times if we would be receiving $200 back for each room as long as we didn't charge anything and she answered yes all three times. Salcala said she was sorry WE didn't understand HER and then stormed off. STFlores didn't ask us how our stay was or if we were satisfied and didn't offer to have us speak to a manager.
I've stayed here several times over the years and it seems like this place has fallen on hard times. . . On arriving to a room in the Augustus towers we were shocked to see that in room coffee was $12 and if you wanted to use the fridge it was $25. Motel 6 has better service than this. . . I used a debit yard and was told there would be a $200 fee per guest for incidentals and this was fine,  however it wasn't until we were at the bar with drinks in front of us that we found out that they don't allow you to charge to the room if you use a debit card, even though they hold $400.. . I went back and forth with  Calvin at guest services who was less than helpful and seemed to insinuate this was somehow my fault, while this is different than every other major hotel. . . In short, I have had better service in 3rd world countries, and even though I was here for the blackhat conference, I will never set foot on this property again. Anyone who raves about this place has no idea what constitutes good service
If you stay here, make sure your room is not facing the pool as they host parties down there occasionally and basically have no consideration for the hundreds and hundreds of guests who now can't sleep because the bass is so unbelievably loud.  Even with ear plugs in, the bass is so loud that I can't even think straight much less actually sleep.  For those of us here on business, this is just plain ridiculous and the hotel does not care when calls were placed to question it.  Parties are great in Vegas, but to basically say 'F you' to all the other guests who are paying good money to stay here is not good business practice.  I've been in Vegas many, many times and have never had such an experience.  Horrible customer service.  Stay away.
DONT STAY AT THIS HOTEL!!!!. . It was my first trip to Vegas ...I had trouble experience . First I made reservation through Hotels.com and requested 2 connected rooms since my mom on wheelchair .. The receptionist was so rude and was yawning all the time. He checked me in and gave me the keys for my room and told me" sorry since you made reservation through third party we cannot honored your request and there is nothing we can do to help!!! Really!!. I got room at the 10th floor and my mom at the 15th floor which been such a hassle for her.. Got to the room and even though we claimed my son through our reservation there was no bed for him so I had to call to request a bed. After 15 min there was no bed ...my husband called again and after 30 no bed I have been told I can leave the room and when we are back the bed should be there.. I got back to the room after 2 hours and still NO BED!!!. . At the check out  I have been asked if my visit was pleasant and I informed them that it was horrible all I got SORRY !. This is our first visit to the hotel and Vegas and this will be the last visit to the hotel.. My mom visiting from out the county and I really wanted to make her feel special .. I hope this will help you to improve your service !!!
The Palace tower suites were a joke.  Bathroom had maintenance issues, exhaust fan not working, missing floor tile, etc ... front desk didn't seem to care.  . And security didn't seem to do much about allowing children into gaming areas....Perhaps a phone call to the Gaming Commission is next. . Don't waste your money at this run down casino.
Will not stay here again going back to staying at the Venetian! Better service and bigger suites! Caesars parking situation was rediculous charging people staying thenight for parking because they can't handle the amount of people?? That's a joke, they also require a large deposit even after u already paid for the room which I have not seen at other Vegas hotels. Was looking forward to staying here but left dissapointed...
I travel to vegas roughly 4 times a years and I was excited to stay at Caesars for the first time. That excitement ended as soon as I got in the check in line. I arrived at 10am so I figured I might not be able to check in right away unless a room was ready. Lucky me there was a room ready but I had to pay $33.60 to check in early even though the room was clearly ready and just sitting. They I was told no free wifi and it was $25 a day to use the gym! Within the first hour I was ready to leave. Never again. Stay anywhere but Caesars!
ok when we got there they tried to sell us one of there more expensive towers an up grade of $40 more a night when we were already paying $109.00 a night .oh plus a resort fee of $28 a day for use of the pool internet and use of the gym, which we didn't even use. ok when we got upstairs the little closet which is usually separate and in the hallway was in the bathroom . ok when I went in and took a shower there was no skid backing or mat in the shower to stop you from falling "very scary" and dangerous. I called and told them they said they would try to do something.they sent up 4 bath towels you lay at the floor I called them again and said if I fall or my husband fell I would sue caesars palace then the guy that brought they towel finally brought a rubber mat I said that is what I was looking for .it took 3 calls to get that straight . also the toilet jammed 2 times while we were there and they failed to clean the room after we called them twice and didn't leave glasses they finally brought the glasses that they brought to another room thanks a lot ! finger prints and all . then they brought 4 more after I called. oh did I mention they put us in the room next to where they dump the laundry.oh we wanted to valet they were always full 90% of the time. I couldn't believe it. the room they gave us before along time ago was great .this was a horrible experience and we will never ever stay there again ! oh I failed to state their ice machine was broken the entire time we were there that was 8 days really at an averge of 100 degree of heat per day my guess you would need ice. I see others that have stayed in the "ROMAN TOWERS" had the same issue with the ice machine not working either.
Just awful. Terrible room. Beat up furniture. Dirty carpet.  Terrible room. Despite being a non smoking room it smelled of cigarettes.  Font desk gave incorrect check in and room change information.  I will never stay here again.
Worst hotel room I have ever stayed in. The Roman tower is the ghetto tower. I wouldn't put my dog in this room.
This was my first time here.. . I was playing black jack at one of your tables and the dealer was rushing us.  . . I told her i wanted to split my two cards and she got mad.. . Also i didnt know the 3+ rule on the table and she got angry and tried to force me to do it the next hand.. . Same lady kept urging me not to hit on a hand and didnt speak much english and was very impatient.. . Im never playing black jack here again.  Or any cards.. . Very poor trained dealers.
If I could give negative stars, I would. The rooms were dirty and old. The customer service was like nothing I have ever encountered.I felt truly disrespected and didn't feel like I was cared for whatsoever.. .  There are no jacuzzis.. .  They charge awful resort fees and rooms are ridiculously overpriced.. . It was really not an enjoyable experience and I will NEVER stay here again.
If there was an option for no stars at all I'd choose that one.  I used to think Caesars Palace was one of the best hotels to stay at in Vegas and I've always recommended anyone and everyone to stay there.  Obviously, I was wrong.  In a recent trip to Vegas for a work conference, I experienced the WORST customer service EVER - in general - c/o Caesars Palace.  I've gotten better treatment at the Holiday Inn.  . . It took over an hour for me to check in.  They didn't offer any apologies for losing the paperwork that was faxed and emailed to them and they made very little effort in trying to find it.  There was no "sorry for the inconvenience" or any attempts to remedy the situation.  It was such a waste of time.  Caesars is no longer one of the main hotels.  You're better off spending your money at Bellagio or Palazzo.  Good luck.
RUDE AND INCOMPETENT SECURITY + OUTDATED ROOM + POOR MANAGEMENT. . This is a one-star coming from a person who couldn't care less when it comes to hotel rooms. I've stayed at the Motel 6 and was even fine with it, so to say that my experience at Motel 6 TRUMPS my experience at the Caesars Palace really means something.. . 1. Outdated rooms. Step up your game, Caesars. Even Circus Circus has all their rooms fully renovated.. . 2. All our room keys suddenly stopped working the second night even though we had the room checked out for three nights. What? We were extremely tired and all we wanted to do was come back for some rest, but were locked out and had to inconveniently go downstairs to be issued new keys.. . 3. After working in customer service for more than seven years, I have a lot of empathy for the people who work behind the counter. I understand there are some bad days and some customers just ask for it, but what I got from the incompetent security guard was unacceptable and uncalled for. All I wanted to do was to pick up a binder that was left behind by my friend who had the room checked out to her. My friend spoke to the hotel manager about the situation prior to my arrival and he told her to let me know the procedure: Go to security - get housekeeping involved - get the binder.. . This security guard made my life so much harder by playing games, asking who specifically stayed in the room even when I gave him the name of who the room was checked out to, saying the room wasn't checked out to her even though it WAS, playing with the pronunciation of names, making me walk all the way to the front desk even though he knew the power was in his hands to just call housekeeping up for the item, making up "issues" even though the hotel manager clearly said THOSE WEREN'T ISSUES to begin with.. . Basically, this guy just wanted to come off as if he knew everything and made up his own procedures to kill his boredom. I ultimately got the item after more than an hour of dealing with his incompetence and his need to go on a power trip.. . 4. No apology from the hotel manager even though he knew exactly what the dbag security guard was doing. . . To top it all off, this whole security fiasco made it a sour start to my birthday. I recommend this place to no one.
The bar by the nude ladies statue had awful customer service. I was dressed very nicely and was treated incredibly rude by the staff there. The bartender asked me what he could get for me and I asked for a bud light. He proceeded to actually scoff at me then didn't even acknowledge me after that!! He easily could have said oh we don't carry that (which Isaw a man drinking a bud light at said bar) or would you like me to recommend another choice? But he did not.  Instead he turned away and apparently didn't want my money or business. Unfortunately I will never recommend this hotel to anyone I know because of this little experience.
I wrote Caesar's customer service about my terrible experience and referenced this review. Amazingly 4 useful votes disappeared that very day. Wonder how much they pay for that kind of service?
My room had hair from the previous occupant all over the bed.  My keys to the room had to be reprogrammed 3 times ( each time waiting in the checkin line for 15 mins). The facility is run down broken and wanting a coat of paint. Everything was extra even to print your boarding pass. If zero stars were possible that would have been my choice. This was my first and last visit to Ceasar's palace. Ceasar's should consider the wrecking ball as so many other hotels have done in Vegas.
It is my first time to Vegas and after a 48 hours flight from Indonesia you dont expect to be treated like shit by the black woman at the front desk. She really made our trip in pieces. She is so racist and her attitude towards us was beyond belief. Please somebody fire her. Thank you.
This was my first time staying at Caesars, I found a good rate on online so I thought I would try it out. I think the Hotel is fine, but the Roman tower must be the oldest tower. NEEED UPDATING. I use to staying at VDARA or COSMO and it is not up to that quality. I have to say the 2 things that drive me nuts about LAS VEGAS is the resort fee. You really get nothing for it. It may as well be called extra profit fee. The other thing that made me mad while checking is was the desk staff telling me that my room is ready but you can't check in until 4pm unless you pay an extra $30 dollars. WOW, I was shocked, it was 130pm, the hotel was NOT busy, and they tell me this? I decided at that point that I will never stay here again. I thought that was BS. This is just another way to add on to the EXTRA profit charges. BEWARE of these extra profit fees. Its not that great of a place.
4 hour plus wait for table of 6 at buffet - what a mistake - don't bother - so many other options!  Would give 0 stars but can't !
This place needs new management.  Nothing to eat past 11 pm. The cafe has 3 items for ridiculous price and they are out of ingredients of those items?!?!  Time for a new hotel manager!
By far the WORST hotel and over priced  POOR SERVICE disgusting old food!  John Bernard the hotel manager appears lazy and irritated with his job!  THE ABSOLUTE WORST check-in service!   Don't  expect help or short lines!!!!  I Ama  rated player in the Harrahs chain and by far this is the WORST OVER PRICED HOTEL IN THEIR CHAIN!  We left went to ARIA & ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT!!!!  IWILL NEVER GO TO CAESARS AGAIN
