Went to eat there this afternoon service was great food was good but I was in absolute shock by the way one of the managers was scolding the employees in the middle of the dining room..... I will not be back!
The food and service was great until the owner of the place came up to our table and was absolutely rude to us about using more than 2 credit cards for a party of 11. We had no idea we couldn't use more than 2 cards and there was no point of her yelling at our table and showing how sad and ungrateful she was for anyone dining there. She ruined our entire experience here. I would never come back because of the way she approached us and even was rude until we left by talking to other patrons about us. So rude.
Eat you might, good eats you might not. I am sad that my experience at this place was not one that would leave an ever lasting desire to go there again. The servers didn't listen well and the food was bland. As a side note I believe that a restaurant that is only open for brunch time should probably serve the whole menu. . . I live in the downtown area and was thrilled when I heard this Eat was opening.  I had been thinking about going for weeks... finally I made my way down to eat.  . . When we arrived it was about 1pm... they close at 2 now, but by the way everyone was paced it seemed as if they were already trying to close.  There were about 10 people in the place.  It is clean and nicely decorated. There were two hipster girls that were running food and drinks back and forth.  Girl 1 gave us our seat and menu.  Girl 2 brought us water. Girl one came to take our drink order... Coke, coffee... Girl 2 brought them out, and said the creamer was coming. Girl 1 came by to take order... I tried to order pancakes because I saw them on the sides menu, but they stop with breakfast at 11 so I  ordered the veggie chili, and my bf ordered the free range chicken sandwich. I asked for honey as girl one was walking away but said sure... she came back with creamer. I asked again.. . I received a big bowl with a corn tortilla, it had flavor of spice and chicken... I didn't think this is was I ordered... my bf was not very pleased with his sandwich.  It was bland and was dripping water with every bite. The chips were greasy and soggy... Girl 2 came by and dropped off the check by conveniently placing it on the table so that my bf had to move his arm to make way for the bill.  LOL.  He moved it to the center of the table and I picked it up and said, "no, no, it belongs under your elbow, put it back."  Geez... thinking that I has not received what I ordered because I noticed there was chicken in it, I checked the bill.  It said Pasole.  Good thing I am not a vegetarian anymore... I would have been furious.  I notified Girl 2.  She apologized and said I wouldn't have to pay for the pasole... and would get me some chili. How very kind.  Girl 1 came back inquiring.  I told her I thought I ordered chili. "Oh you wanted the BLACK BEAN chili."  She left.  Girl 2 came back and said, "sorry the pasole is green chili pasole and so they are often confused."  I asked her to take this plate away. . . Note to yelp: If you are vegetarian, and want to order the veggie chile make sure you say black bean very clearly this way you don't accidentally take a bite of their chicken pasole.  . . My chili came out... it was cold. There was no slice of corn bread or crackers.  Just plain chili, by then my bf was done eating and I wasn't hungry anymore... I got it to go.  They brought me a to coffee cup... I threw my chili in there... we paid for it and went on about our day.. . PS.  I know I am a bit of a foodie and have given a few other restaurants downtown low reviews.  My hope is that they will improve and meet a higher standard making the downtown community a great place to live, work and eat.
SO SO SO Disappointed. I am usually one who writes positive reviews, because being that I am a business owner, I like to praise others for what they do right..rather than only the wrong. WELL today I was SO upset that I vowed to write a review because any place who treats their guests this lousy is not getting my business. . . My bf and I came in around 10:30 am.. the hostess informed us that the wait was about 20 min. COOL. then she said oh wait, are you two OK with the bar top? That is open now.. we said sure. She said ok, Ill get it cleaned and you can go over. We misunderstood and walked over to the bar top only to be confronted by the server who basically asked who sent us, and we were escorted back to the hostess where this waitress whispered to the hostess in front of us. SORRY didn't know it was that BIG of a deal. Then we waited an additional 30 minutes while we literally watched the waitress and hostess clean off all the tables... SO the restaurant was practically clear and clean and un-seated while we and MANY others waited in the waiting room. It was just ridiculous. Why would you wait to seat people who have been waiting, and clean the whole place up. Mind you the bar top had already been cleared and was clean and we were still waiting waiting waiting. WE LEFT and I cannot tell you how upset I am still. Drove over 25 min to get there for that RUDE and horrible customer service. Hope they clear that strategy up asap.
The food is great, but their service is terrible. I've gotten less than accommodating service the two times that I've been here. . . This time on a Monday morning we arrive 15 minutes before breakfast ends, they say we have to wait 15 minutes to be seated for lunch to start, and mind you there are plenty of tables. They only took about 7 min to seat us, but they werent serving breakfast anymore. I came for some breakfast food, not an expensive sandwich. And breakfast is supposedly served from 7-11. Not 7-10:45.. . And a side note, they should open the darn patio seating. It's completely shaded and there's still another month or so before it gets too hot out.
Been there numerous times & always made excuses for their poor customer service. Today was the absolutely last time, after speaking with the own & being told I had the option to take my business elsewhere. I'm local & I'll take my business elsewhere from now on. It's not just about having good food if your attitude tastes like crap. Good luck with your establishment.
Never coming back here again! We walked in and were told the wait was 10-15 minutes for a party of 5. 35 minutes later, we were still waiting. In that time, they seated 7 parties of 2 and 3 that came in after us. They kept assuring us that they simply needed a table large enough for us (and they couldn't possibly put two smaller tables together, for unknown reasons).. . After waiting for 45 minutes for a table, two tables opened up at the same time. One was a 6 top, one was a 4 top. They tried to seat the 5 of us at the 4 top. (Side note, their 4 tops are NOT large by any means). Now, at least 2 of the other parties that came in AFTER us and were seated BEFORE us were seated at other 4 tops. . . At this point we politely said no, we wanted the 6 top so we could sit comfortably. They went the consult the owner (I'm assuming she was the owner, she was a female with short curly hair who wasn't wearing the standard black uniform). The owner then rolled her eyes and, said, "Yeah, well I want a million dollars." She didn't realize our party was standing directly behind her and to the left, so we were able to hear the conversation very clearly.. . Isn't that lovely? After making us wait 45 minutes, we are being unreasonable by asking for a table that will actually seat all of us, when there is one available right there. They did eventually, reluctantly, seat us at the 6 top.. . Pity, several members of our party were actually big fans of this place, but you can't come back from such terrible customer service. The biggest problem, honestly, was the fact that they tried to seat us at the 4 top after a 45 minute wait with an open 6 top right next to us. Several of our party has worked in food service and we understand waits taking longer sometimes due to parties sitting around chatting. But treating us like we're being demanding for wanting space to sit AFTER such a wait is unacceptable. The owner's comment was the final nail in the coffin to assure we never return. Clearly this place has no appreciation for it's customers.
This place was terrible. The pictures I saw on yelp did not match what was on the menu and the staff was awful. To top it off screaming kids and you can't even have a mimosa with your brunch.
Stopped by eat w/three of my friends and we all left horribly disappointed. Not only was our waitress rude, condescending, unwelcoming, and clearly hated her job but the service was slow and the fact that there was no options for vegans was disappointing to say the least. When I asked the waitress if there was any vegan options she rudely stated "we have salad."  Clearly she had no idea what vegan meant as the salad on the menu had animal products in it.  I had to settle for a $7 bowl of oatmeal which they served to me with carmelized apples/pecans (carmelization requires the use of butter...an animal byproduct) which irritated me to no end as I already stated I was vegan and ordered it plain.  We were also never offered refills on our water or coffee, and halfway through our meal our waitress abandoned our table and never came back.  The staff has no regard for your concerns. The four of us agreed we will definitely not be going back.
I gave this place a try twice with a coworker before leaving this review. We were seated right away both times (yay) but waited at least 10-15 minutes before the server acknowledge our presence. The place isn't big at all so even if you're busy you can at least say hello to your table!. . The first time, I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich with potato salad. The sandwich is ginormous and 90% bread and 10% cheese. While the cheese was yummy, you could barely taste it with all that frikkin bread. Should be more cheesy in my opinion. Shrug. But to each his own. And the server gave me chips instead of potato salad. When I asked her to bring me the salad, she seemed perturbed. Geez! It was your mistake, not mine.. . The second time, we waited 15 minutes to order, very frustrating. Especially when you only have an hour for lunch. I ordered the two eggs over easy with chive potatoes and bacon. For $11 I expected something goooood. WRONG. My eggs arrived well over medium (no gooey yolk to dip my bacon in, booooo.) The potatoes were overcooked and maybe four bites worth, and the bacon way too crispy. Guess the cook forgot about my breakfast and just let it sit there overdone. . . When I asked for jam for my toast, again the server seemed hassled by my request. Is it just me? Do I have a booger on my face? I didn't ask for new eggs because I don't like to complain (nor do I risk saliva or snot in my food). Very disappointed at both of my visits.. . This place has let me down twice in guest experience and food. I will never go again. Overrated.
Groan.  Unfortunately, not impressed. Hostess clueless. Took care of personal business for 15 minutes before seating us. Zombie waitress with no personality. Also, we were upcharged for everything without letting us know ($3 to sub side salad instead of potatoes and $5 for three medium pieces of shrimp).  We did complain - no response, no customer service. Additionally this is 2013, how do they notcarry gluten free sandwich options?  Place has great potential. Would really love to see them become more customer service oriented. This seems to be a problem throughout Vegas and what keeps us from being a world class city. Backwards mentality. Short term profit instead of customer loyalty. Good luck with that!
The only place I've ever been to where they seat 3 parties of 6 before my party of 4. . I don't mind a little wait but 45 minutes was pushing it and watching groups show up AFTER you've been waiting is unacceptable. I'll Take my business up the street to Dupars inside the golden gate where their pancakes are way better than eats.
Very bad service. Sat 4 parties after they told me we were next.  Which is OK, but no apology. Sat at our table for 5 minutes before someone acknowledge us. She even checked on the table next to us twice. When it finally came time to order, no decaf coffee and no beignets. Very disappointing after hearing such good things about the place. Won't be back.. . Update. 5 minutes after I order the chicken fried steak they tell me they are out of that!!!  Ridiculous!!!!!!
