0 stars. . . Over this past holiday weekend we stopped by The Cosmopolitan to check it out before heading to The Buffet at The Bellagio. We found out there was a buffet at this casino/resort and decided to try it out. I don't understand why people are stating it's difficult to find, when it's really not if you can read the signs that lead you to the 2nd floor. . . Anyways, we arrive at the entrance to the buffet and there is a lady standing there stating they were not letting any more people in. WTH?! When does a buffet reject people entry???? I was willing to wait the 1-2 hrs to try their buffet, but didn't even have the chance to stand in line. The line wasn't even ridiculously long. They lost business that day not only from me, but from the other people who were willing to wait in their line to see what their buffet had to offer.. . I will be back in April and at that time I will hopefully be able to write a real review on their dishes. . . If you're wondering where we ended up eating, it was back to The Buffet at The Bellagio... where we waited about an hr.
Big disappointment.  I'm pretty easy to please too, and I had only gone in for breakfast.  I wasn't looking for prime rib or crab legs or anything exotic.  I just wanted some scrambled eggs, maybe a bagel, some fruit.  You know, basic stuff.  . . What I had was cold scrambled eggs (completely inedible), chicken sausage that was horrible (something I never thought I could say about chicken sausage which is one of my favorite foods), some pineapple (the highlight) and a dish of macaroni and cheese that was crusted over and tasted like it had been sitting out for hours.. . It was a colossal fail all around.  I don't get it.  So many people have gone to this buffet and given it two enthusiastic thumbs up, so I don't know what happened when I was there.  But it was far and beyond one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had.
I hate this place service was ok food was garbage food was not hot enough all the salads where made like hours before so it's all soggy pizza all dry sushi so much rice
I went here on recommendations from several friends who swear by it. The plating is great. They use small pots and pans to serve the food. Its very novelty, but functional as a way of portion control. I went on a friday for lunch. Unfortunately I didn't find the quality of food acceptable.... I grabbed a piece of fried chicken and discovered upon returning to my table that there were still feathers in the chicken...battered, fried and all. Not just one or two, but about a dozen.. Additionally, the water they server is a filtered water delivered to your table in a glass bottle-- It had floaties. It looked like someone had backwashed into the water they were serving us. . Also, just something that irked me was at the dessert counter. The plates (as with the rest of the buffet) are kept warm under heat lamps. Unfortunately when you grab a piece of chocolate or some ice cream, it instantly melts. Not very gourmet to slurp lukewarm ice cream sludge. A room temperature plate would have been nice.. . After all of this I spoke to the manager. I explained the problems one at a time. His response was to give us complimentary cocktails. A nice gesture, and it cured my sour mood, but this is not a fix to the problem. He offered no apology or explanation, nor did he make any indication that this would be fixed. . . My opinion of this establishment is that they care more about appearances than quality. It would definitely recommend AGAINST eating here.
I went there last week because of all the rave reviews on Yelp. Well, these reviewers should have their taste buds checked by professional doctors! The food variety is limited; the food sat out there too long in small pots and all dried up; limited Chinese food and no sushi to speak of-spicy tuna is all you get; the crab legs are too small; carved meats too tough; lobster bisque is all cornstarch and no lobster. The dessert is the only section that's decent. I should have gone to Bellagio which is still the best on the strip.
First of all, this place appears to be a step child of Cosmopolitan. If you enter through front door, there is no sign whatsoever on where the buffer is. You have to ask around and they will tell you it is all the way in the back.. . The buffet located all the way in the back passing all the banquet rooms. It looks like they neve planned a buffet until they figured out they have too many banquet rooms.. . The place is nice and the price is not too bad. But the food? Errrh, 1-star the most!. . I have to agree with many reviewer here that most food is not hot, but at room temprature at best. This includes primb rib and soup. The bone marrow (I guess that's what makes them unique) is horrible. Imagine a pile of fat with no taste at room temprature. . . While putting food in single serving container to discourage waste is a fantastic idea, it also makes the food looking dry and ugly for non popular dishes. Unfortunated many dishes are like that. Saw a dish with onion over a totally black cube. It turned out to be blackened cod. On the oriental secton there is Thai green curry over noodle. How could that go wrong? You buy some green curry and put it over the noodle! Guess what? Their green curry is so green and it makes you think of green paint.. . Over all, I am totally disappointed  with their hot dishes. Nothing is good.. . On the bright spot, their cold section and dessert bar are fantastic. The cold section seems fansy and clean, featuring interesting dishes. Their dessert bar, while not big, is filled with pretty nice stuff.. . I would prefer Ballagio buffer (next door) over this one any time of the day.
Very disappointing! . After reading the reviews of other Yelpers, we were excited to celebrate a birthday dinner. We came with high expectations. Upon arrival the decor looks dusty, the tables were sticky and the framed signs are crooked. The water came in a fancy bottle that has been refilled and room temperature. The food presentation were pretty but the food looks bad from the shredded shards of small snow crab legs to the pathetic and puny sushi rolls. The cocktail shrimp is snow white and has no taste at all. Most of the food is super salty including prime rib, leg of lamb, Korean BBQ ribs, general tso's chicken, the salmon, the cod the pasta just to name a few. The food selection is limited compared to other places that charges the same ($35) for dinner. GO SOMEWHERE ELSE and thank me later!
For $35/person for dinner, I was expecting buffet that's up to par as the Wynn or Bellagio.  This place couldn't even come close!  It was very disappointing!  The food did not taste fresh.  Dishes were either overcooked or undercooked.  The presentation was awesome, however it takes more than just appearance to please me.  The chef even came to speak with us after we complained, however he couldn't give us anymore explanation than just "I promise we choose the freshest ingredients".  This is definitely one buffet I won't be going back to.  The Wynn buffet is still #1 in my book!
Tried it for the first time on 7/17/11 and it will be my last time eating there.  I had such a horrible experience.  Our waitress got our drinks and took off for lunch and didnt let us know.  We had stacks of empty plates sitting on our table for a good amount of time.  Then we had to flag another waiter and asked about our waitress.  He goes oh, she is on lunch.  I will be covering for you.  Still with him covering, he didnt come by as much to pick up the plates or get us refills on drinks.  First plate i got was the fried chicken....boy was that a bad idea!  Took a couple bits then noticed it was PINK!  My other friend got some too and it was the same.  I told someone that worked there and she was like yeh...i never eat chicken here.  I was quite amazed on her comment.  The crappy part was that i got sick and had to miss a day of work cause i got sick and was yacking my brains out the following night.  Everything seems to be extremely salty as well.  I rather use my money and get Burger King or something.
Bad. Bad. Bad. Worst buffet I have ever had. Overpriced and not on par with the rest of our stay at the cosmo. The presentation was great but they should invest more in flavor of food. Not one of the 3 of us enjoyed it. Rather than telling each other to try items on the buffet was good we were all sharing things to say how terrible they were. Don't recommend at all.  The dessert selection looks impressive but there really isn't a lot to offer there. Never again
How Wicked Spoon got anything over 2 stars is beyond me. First off, my favorite Vegas buffet at the moment is at the Aria. But since my cousin told me that Wicked Spoon was 10x's better, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try. We went there dinner time on a Tuesday night, and the place was half filled. We are seated immediately and head over to the food to begin Gorge Fest 2011. I was excited at first because of the presentation. A lot of the food came in cute little pots, but most of it was lacking in taste. I tried the bone marrow, which is supposed to be their specialty, I have to say there was more grease than marrow. The shrimp was alright, plump but that's all I can say about it. The crab legs were ok, but I was a bit disappointed since the Aria offers notjust snow crab legs, but also King crab. Again, the Wicked Spoon was only visually pleasing, because the dessert bar kinda made me feel like a kid in a candy store with all their selections. I must have had 8 different desserts on my plate, and none are really worth mentioning. Ehhh...going back to Aria buffet next time.
Food looks great but tastes terrible! I've been to many buffets and I know that buffet food is buffet food but Wicked Spoon is low on the Vegas buffet scale.. . For Sunday Brunch, there weren't any crab legs like advertised. We found this out the hard way after paying to get in and then being told that they didn't have any crab legs. What is a Vegas buffet without crab??. . Sushi is terrible. . . Individual Mac & Cheese and other pastas were also terrible (mealy overcooked pasta).. . Tacos were overcooked and the tortillas were rubber.. . Prime Rib was dry and unflavorful.. . The best thing about the buffet was the desert bar. Gelato was delish as were the chocolate dipped strawberries.
feels like eatting at hometown buffet! most food are super oily and creamy.  they charged $35 ...for such service and food quality , i dont think its worth it. . best dish : watermelon o_O
I swear this is my last buffet in Vegas!. . There are lots of food and different food to choose for my $22 however, i can't find anything taste ok, they are either dry, very dry, heavily seasoned, watery and blend....just very buffet quality of food.. . Except two thing: Gelato & the complimentary champagne are good...
I wish I can give this zero stars! I went here when it first opened and it was AMAZING! Last night I came back and this was by far the worst buffet and dining experience I have ever had. For the $44 they charged, I would have been better off going to McDonalds,Circus Circus buffet OR JUST STARVE instead. . . The bone marrow was the worst thing I've ever had, it was just a ridiculous amount of fat and the prime rib was flavorless. I even had the end piece of the prime rib. How do you mess that up??? They use to have mac n cheese and it was yummy! Now they replaced it with some cauliflower dish that looks exactly like the mac n cheese. Why would you do that?!?!?!?!? It's like they are just purposely pissing me off with this deception!!!!!!!!! One of my favorite dishes that they had was the pork belly sliders on mantao bread (Chinese white bread thingy) and again it was delicious. I even ate 5 in 1 sitting! Now it's GONE!!!!. I had to force myself to eat enough to justify the $44 I sent. I ended up filling up on bread, yes you read that right, bread, sugar free cookies and ice cream. I still can't believe that a simple dish like spaghetti can be ruined but Wicked Spoon you proved me wrong! The so called clam pizza was tasteless. I just ended up eating dinner rolls. In fact if they had served King's Hawaiian rolls, then that would have been the best thing on the menu but since they didn't, the plain dinner rolls were good enough. They even messed up on the Korean short ribs. HOW DO YOU DO THAT?!?!?!?!?. . What makes me even more ANGRY is seeing people writing reviews about how great it is after going on the same day and eating the same crapI! I had to create an account just to share how disappointing this experience was.
So the we arrived around 8pm and then paid and started eating the food that was already cold. Then we were told the restaurant was closing at 9pm (of course they did not tell us this when we paid) and saw the staff taking away the food. My friend left her cell phone on the table to rush to grab some food before the closed. Hardly anyone was left in the restaurant. We saw the bus boy cleaning our table. When we returned to our table, my friend's cell phone was missing -- stolen. We suspect the bus boy as he was the only one seen going by our table. The restaurant staff was not helpful in speaking to him to try to retrieve it or doing much else. They just called security and refused to help in any other way. Of course the thief texts nasty crude emails to my contacts before it was finally turned off. Security then says they have no cameras in the eating area restaurant. . . Of course no one else in our group ate after that!. . Since we believe the bus boy staff is a thief and stole ... and the food was all cold... we would never go back there again
I remember now why I didn't review this the first time around which also caused me to come back and re-experience the sad 2 hours of pure dismal horrifying nightmare for any buffet enthusiast.  . . I don't know how this place has such high reviews.  People, the cosmo is fancy schmancy and nice.  And sure they like to dress up their dishes a little bit better and the food is served in individual containers, but the food is absolute crap.  It doesn't taste good and the selection is an insult to all other buffets in existence. . . On this occasion, I came for brunch ($45 including bottomless drinks) and was hoping to find myself faced with great brunch assortments including cocktail shrimp, maybe some crab cakes or crab legs and prime rib and lamb roast, etc.. . -Prime rib - dry and flavorless.  PLUS they only offer 1 cup of au jus for the masses?  blasphemy!. -cocktail shrimp - dinky, overcooked, and they give it in cups containing 2.. -smoked salmon - dry over salty. -green curry clams - only thing interesting but still tiny. -crab - what crab?  theres crab?  NOPE. -lamb shank - extremely gamey and just bland as hell. -drinks - WARNING, if you come in after 2pm, there's no bottomless after 1 hour.  Therefore, I had to rack in as much drinks as I could by ordering 5.....they gave me 2.  Thanks.  Thanks...... -coffee - stunk. -caesar salad - this was actually good size and serving, but CMON, its salad!. -soup? - miso soup.....go figure, cheapasses. -Fried chicken - tender, but so salty that it tastes bitter.. . NEVER coming back.  I know now since I finally wrote my review for it.  Fool me once, shame on you.  Fool me twice, shame on me.
I wish there is 0 rating in yelp system, i mean it.. So far, this is the worst buffet I've ever had. I didnt like it when it first open, but my friends told me it got better and i gave it another shot; but it still disappointed me.. I had so many buffet in Vegas, M resort, Wynn, Bellagio, Rio, Aria, Cosmo etc. (thats the ranking from best to worst in my opinion).. I wouldn't go there anymore.
I only went here because of the reviews on Yelp. Let me just say that I will never listen to Yelpers ever again. Wicked Spoon is the worst buffet I have ever been to! Expensive, small variety, food lacks flavor, and the small pots and bowls that they put the food in take up way too much space on your plate. Not practical at all! And I'm sure it only makes cleaning up much harder on them. . . The dessert section wasn't good. They hardly had any cakes, mostly just ice cream, cookies and little cups of custard-like crap. The salad section was a joke. They only had about 3 pre-made salads. You cannot make your own. The mac and cheese was the worst I ever had - too gooey and lacked flavor. I like the one from the Kraft box better.  The Au Gratin potatoes were awful - they use sweet potatoes and a bland watery sauce. . Even the bread options are limited. They mostly have cracker-like bread and a couple of other types. The olive bread was too doughy and undercooked. They only had 3 types of cheese. The mashed potatoes were dry and hard. There were only 2 kinds and sushi rolls and the fish inside was almost non-existent. I could go on and on about how awful it was. Everything was very limited and I couldn't even find one item that I liked. I can usually find at least 3 things that I like at any average or below average buffet. Even the water wasn't good. They give every table it's own glass bottle of water and the small blue cups that they use for the water were ridiculous. They don't put ice in it unless you ask. . . I would not recommend this buffet to anyone. Go to Bellagio or anywhere else if you want real food. This garbage overrated buffet wouldn't even be worth $20 for me. Heck, I probably wouldn't even eat here for free. . . I can see that they are trying to be different and stand out from other buffets and they certainly do - that's what makes them the worst buffet in Las Vegas!
Wynn Buffet vs. Wicked Spoon. . Since these 2 buffets seem to be the top contenders for best buffet in Vegas I felt it would be beneficial to potential customers to structure this review as a comparison.  I visited Wynn and Wicked Spoon on 2 separate occasions for their weekend brunch.  . . . PRICE: Wicked Spoon. . The Wicked Spoon is slightly less expensive for all meals, but your savings will amount to about $3 per person.  . . . AMBIANCE and PRESENTATION:  Wynn Buffet. . I'm not sure what the theme of Wicked Spoon is.  It has metallic ornaments hanging from the ceiling and I'm not sure what they're supposed to be or represent or how it compliments the name of "Wicked Spoon".  The rest of the dining area is kind of dark and woodsy.  Overall, the ambiance  is kind of random and haphazard, just like the rest of The Cosmopolitan.  . . The Wynn Buffet doesn't have a catchy name, but the environment is gorgeous.  From the ceilings you will see beautiful hanging plants decorated with different fake vegetables and fruits.  It's visually appealing and at the very least consistent with the theme of gluttonously devouring endless plates of food, which is what a buffet is all about.  . . Another annoying feature at the Wicked Buffet was the use of mini skillets and cups containing smaller portions of food.  While I like this approach as a means of controlling the size of my portions, it gets annoying placing these items in my plate with other items.  I have no idea how many people have touched those containers and I certainly don't want them touching my other foods.  Additionally, those containers are bulky and take a lot of space on my plate.  . . . FOOD VARIETY:  Wynn Buffet. . SALAD BAR/ PRE-MEAL ITEMS: Wynn. . Both Wynn and Wicked Spoon lack decent salad bars, which is a huge disappointment for me because I like starting my gorging with a quality salad; at least Wynn offered some options for creating a decent salad though, whereas Wicked Spoon offered 2 choices of premade salads in small bowls.  These salads were tasteless and failed to impress me.  The appetizer/ hor'derve/ pre-meal area consisted mostly of different types of breads, small cups of shrimp cocktails (2 small shrimps per cup).  Additionally, I didn't notice any hot soups at Wicked Spoon.  . . CUSTOMIZED FOOD STATIONS: Wynn. . Another huge disappointment at the Wicked Spoon was the lack of stations where you could have foods freshly made.  At the Wynn Buffet there was an Italian station where you could have a pasta cooked in front of you with your favorite ingredients by a chef.  The Wynn also had an omelet station, crepe station, and panang station where you could also make the aforementioned items cooked to your specifications.   The only station at the Wicked Spoon was for omelets.  . . . MEAT STATION:  Wicked Spoon. . The Wicked Spoon actually offers more meat at the meat station than the Wynn Buffet's meat station.  Wicked Spoon offered large cuts of bacon, ham, sausage, lamb, and prime rib.  At Wynn Buffet, there were only 2 fresh meat items offered at the time of my visit.  . . . DESSERT STATION:  Wynn. . Both Wynn and Wicked Spoon offer a diverse and tasty variety of desserts and the only real advantage that Wynn has over Wicked Spoon is a crepe station.  There's plenty of dessert pics so you can see for yourself what Wicked Spoon has to offer.  I recommend the cheesecake.  The cookies were rock hard and inedible.  The gelato was mediocre.  . . . other notable observations at Wicked Spoon: . . 1.  Breakfast station combined with Mexican station!!? The breakfast station offered pancakes and french toast and then as I walked a half foot further I saw tacos and Mexican dishes.  In between the breakfast and Mexican station was a section for toppings for both pancakes and tacos.  As I mentioned before, Wicked Spoon was way too haphazard in its presentation and organization.  . . 2.  Italian Station - do people actually like eating shitty cardboard pizza?  Why would you pay $30 and pile your plate with that garbage?  I didn't even bother with the Italian station at Wicked Spoon.  . . 3.  Asian Station - Wicked Spoon had some more meats here (Korean BBQ and some turkey thing covered in teriyaki sauce), which is a plus, but not enough to beat the Asian station at Wynn, which had a Panang Station, where a chef actually made panang in front of me tailor made to my specifications.  The Asian station also had crappy sushi that I didn't touch  and some Vietnamese Bahn Mi sandwiches, which I wasn't interested in because it was pork based.  The Asian station also had the only soup; that's right, the only soup the Wicked Spoon had was Miso!. . SERVICE:  Wynn. My server was a bit slow.  I observed another party being immediately greeted by their server as soon as they sat down.  I didn't see my server until a good 5 minutes after I sat.  . . . CONCLUSION: . The Wicked Spoon is all hype.  I attribute the high reviews to a large number of female reviewers who enjoy trendy new things and tasty desserts
uh.. this place sucks! everything is so salty. The MISO soup taste like SOY SAUCE. THE END!
This buffet did NOT live up to the hype. I debated on going here to try it versus going to Aria's buffet again, which I thought was a solid 4-5 stars. This experience was a waist of time and money that I regret having to go through.. . FLIES - Came on a Monday night around 6pm and had to wait 35 minutes, which wasn't too bad. The presentation of the food and dining room looked good, until I spotted a couple of small flies flying around over our food and the area we sat at. That's a good sign that there are more of those flies in other areas, prep stations, etc. 1 Star just for sanitation alone, but wait there's more.... . LAYOUT - Getting past how everything looked and the couple of flies i had to swat away, I quickly noticed the layout of the tables were horrible. I had to take the long way and walk around tables just to get to my table because chairs were literally back to back in some areas and I didn't want to keep asking individuals to push in their chairs. Another thing I thought was funny, yet disappointing, was that they used a black sharpie on some of the food labels versus just taking the time to reprint the label.. . FOOD - I personally look for the higher end items when eating at a buffet, i.e. the crab legs. The snow crab legs here were awful and dry, I hate when they slice it in half. Most crab leg fans will agree and rather receive the crab legs as is and do the work to get the meat out. Plus you have someone serving you 2-3 legs at a time, where all other buffets you can serve yourself and get as much as you want. Seriously, these are only snow crab legs, I could only imagine IF they had alaskan king or lobster, they'd be served by an armed guard.. . The sushi station was a joke, they had more empty platters then they had sushi. When they finally put rolls out, they had 2 roll types spread out in front of 6 labels which didn't match. I even asked the person at that station for a side of vinegar for my very dry crab legs, and they replied, why? Like I said, what a joke.. . The dessert station was disappointing. The selection was very limited and there were a lot of things missing and not replaced in a timely manner. There was even a few minutes where the dessert station was unmanned. The guy with the glasses giving out gelato was rude and didn't understand English or he was just one of the guys that mumbles and doesn't enunciate when they talk. Zero customer service skills, go figure, scooping gelato isn't that hard.. . CUSTOMER SERVICE - The waiters taking plates and giving drinks were like ghosts and had to be called for service instead of checking on their tables like most real buffets do. They all lacked customer service skills, and you could hear it in the tone of their voice and literally see the dislike in working there in their faces. . . SUMMARY - The only thing I liked was the pb&j gelato even though they come in very small scoops and I had to interact with the rude gelato server wearing glasses, I wish he had a name tag so I could put him on blast. The mac and cheese station was good as well, however I don't plan to spend another $35 to eat here again and receive the very poor service/customer service I received.
Oh you Yelpers have deceived me.  :(  What is the big deal about this buffet?!  I haven't had a chance to yelp lately due to school and work but now that I'm on break from school, this is the first on my list.  Read more to hear why.. . Been reading reviews and supposedly this place is "good" and I've seen my friends check-in here so I thought it should be good right?  Nope!!  Came to this buffet last Saturday around 1030am.  No line whatsoever, got seated right away.  Happy so far.  We are shown to our table and decided to delve into the food right away.  There's all kinds of food, no need to list because you see this food at pretty much all buffets: prime rib, sausage, pasta, Asian foods, breakfast items, dessert bar, etc etc.  Yes it's kinda cool that they have little mini pans/tin cans to help separate your food, but once you start putting it on your plate, it gets heavy and really just takes up most of your plate space.  I'd rather just lump all my food on my plate, in my opinion.  As soon as we got back to our table, our server Tony, took our drink orders.  So far so good.  . . The food is good, but I don't see why it stands out to the other buffets.  My bf and I were getting ready to get dessert and we wanted cappuccinos with it.  But we haven't seen our server after two times!!  Some lady that I guess he was training or maybe she was training Tony, I have no idea cause they both sucked at serving us.  Well anyway, we gave the lady our order of two cappuccinos.  We waited, and waited, and waited, and waited, and waited...you get the point.  I've seen Tony and that lady server come out half a dozen times to serve other tables and every single time they came out I was for sure it was our drinks, but nope!!!  My bf knew I was getting annoyed so he distracted me by taking me to the dessert bar.  Sure enough when we came back our cappuccinos were there.  Geez, after almost 30 mins later!!!  We drank it and it was just "okay".  Can't believe we waited that long to drink that "crappuccino."  We decided we were done and I was not happy with our server so I only put a dollar down as tip to make a statement for the suuuuuuper slow service.  We get up from our table and who comes chasing after us so fast??!!  Tony, our server, comes up to us to give us the bill for the "crappuccinos" because they're EXTRA CHARGE and NOT INCLUDED in the buffet meal!!!  I paid $62 for two people, you mean it's not a part of the price I paid?!?!  I've paid LESS at crappier buffets and it included everything, even cappuccino!  At that moment I asked one of the ladies working at the front to get the manager and the manager came quickly.  I explained our situation and told him I wasn't comfortable paying for the drinks after getting crappy service.  All he said was "ok I'll take care of it for you."  He didn't even apologize, didn't even say he'll talk to the server, nothing!  I don't care that he comped us for the drinks, I want to know he will talk to his staff to be professional and proficient.  . . Maybe we came here on a bad day and got paired up with a bad server, but I don't see myself coming here ever again.  All I have to say is you've been warned.
i was so excited to try this buffet since i heard such good things and saw delicious looking food. but i didn't even make it inside since the staff were so rude that we've decided not to go in. . . went there, didn't know that we're supposed to pay first before lining up, waited about fifteen minutes (til we're in-front of the line) until one of the staff asked us for our receipt. told them we didn't know and none of the cashier told us about paying first. talked to the manager and they didn't do anything about it. since the wait was so long, rude inconsiderate manager and staff. its not worth eating there and spending money. . . end up eating at Holsteins Shakes and Buns and it was delicious, great service and staff!
DO NOT go here! The lines are ridiculous. Platinum members have no wait at all so everyone else waits 2 hrs. The line completely stops moving if a platinum member gets in their special line. Fucking ridiculous. The 2 hr wait does not even cover the long ass walk to the back of the hotel to the buffet.
I'm so overwhelmed by the level of fail I experienced here that I don't even know where to start. I have already eaten at the other highly rated buffet, Studio B at The M Resort, so I'm not exactly a newb to the buffet scene.  I came in expecting decent food and good desserts, especially for the $45 per person that we paid after tax and 18% gratuity for our group of 20.  I left really upset with this place because of both the food and service.  I thought i would like this place better after a good nights sleep, but the more I thought about it, the madder I got. Hence, this bad review.... . Service: Our waiters were a little slow and inattentive, but I don't really hold it against them as they were all given a huge swath of people to care for. It would have been nice to get a refill for my coke, just once sometime between 5pm and 7pm, but I ended up finishing the water and getting some coffee instead. I really disliked that there was only one person on desserts. The line for gelato was wrapped around almost the entire dessert island, and the other dessert stations had empty trays for a good deal of time. The sushi trays were empty a lot of the time too, because the guy they had making the rolls was poorly trained. (Not that it mattered because their sushi was $6.99 chinese buffet grade sushi)  And the final blow? At one point, there were no plates. Anywhere. In the whole buffet. It got to the point where I was about to grab one of the empty dessert trays. Reeeediculous.. . Food: Nothing special. Not sure what all the buzz is about, and the selection is way more limited than Studio B. The sushi was epic fail, as mentioned. The other Asian foods were pretty bad too. About 2/3 of the stuff there was starch based. Bourbon style creamed corn, gnocchi, potatoes, overly salty risotto, sandwiches and pizza...is not worth 35 bucks. The hyped bone marrow wasn't that good. I seriously don't understand the hype behind the mac and cheese bar. Five people at our table made their own combos, and none of them were any good because the cheese was so overwhelmingly bitter.  Anybody who likes this stuff should come to my house, I have a box of Kraft you should try for only $9.95!  The prime rib looked like it was perfectly cooked...right before someone accidentally stuck it in a microwave for another 10 minutes. The beignets and shrimp were good though.. . Desserts: Looks pretty, but mostly not that great. The macarons were good. The gelato lost out to Studio B though.. . I just can't imagine why anybody would choose to this buffet over anything else on the strip. Go to Studio B instead, it's a long wait but it's cheaper and at least you get better food and service.
long wait, one hour to get to the cashier, 20 mins wait to be seat and long line for food. Very bad, not much of choices, crab legs are skinny, sushi only have 3 choices(spicy Tune, veggy, and tempura). always have emty tray, takes lots of time to refill. The only good thing is dessert and nice prime rib.
This place was an absolute disaster on Christmas Day, 2011. Lines were long to get in (about a 2-3 hour wait, which was to be expected). But no, that wasn't the issue here.. . First of all, I don't think they were expecting the hordes of asian people who would make a beeline for the crab legs and the carving station. No insult intended - I'm asian and I have an understanding of the common asian buffet strategy. The lines for both stations were so long I didn't even try for them. . . But the bigger issue was that it was difficult to reach any of the food surrounding these stations, thus making about 70% of the food very difficult and unpleasant to reach. I'm not a fan of being stared down every time I try to reach for a serving of pasta. Chill out people, I'm not trying to cut.. . Furthermore, they seemed to be having a lot of trouble pumping the food out in time to satisfy the needs of the ravenous crowds. The sushi station - I never saw more than 3 pieces of poorly made, tiny little rolls sitting there. The guy making the sushi rolls - poor guy, was trying to pump them out as fast as he could, but it seriously looked like it was his first time ever. The rolls looked awful (misshapen, almost falling apart, tinier than tiny), tasted awful (the seaweed was...soggy?), and seriously, if Hometown Buffet were rolling out a new sushi station, they'd probably have more success than this.. . The salad station...bless their hearts. Completely ran out of some of the cheeses by the time I got there, and it was near the beginning of dinner service. By mid-dinner, the wedge salads weren't even wedge salads anymore. They were trying to construct them out of odd ends and pieces of iceberg lettuce. I seriously saw one dish and it only had 2 outer pieces of lettuce, that they were trying to cover up with dressing. That's not a wedge, man. At least tear it up into pieces and call it something else.. . Same story with the dessert station. It was difficult to reach anything on the left side, because the gelato line was so long. Poor gelato guy - he was working as fast as he could, and he was surprisingly courteous despite the fact that his arm was probably killing him and people were ordering like 15 scoops of gelato, all in separate cups, at once.. . But the final straw was our offensive waiter. We sat down, and I ordered tea for my mom. He acted like he was doing us a big favor, for free when he should charge us. Every time, he would hesitate for a while, act like it was burdensome, act like it wasn't a service we had already paid for. He would say,. . "For you? .....sure. On me. Just for you" . . like he was giving us a free beverage on him, at his expense. When I asked him for a refill on my dad's wine, he stopped, winked at my dad, and told me . . "make sure you tell him it's on me. It's on me." . . Hello, I clearly paid for "unlimited wine refills." PLUS THIS IS MY THIRD TIME HERE.. . I saw him doing the same act for the next table. He must take his guests for fools. Nevertheless, I controlled my anger, and we tipped him well because it was Christmas. But I was furious.. . Not to mention that we ran of water, and it never got refilled. We had to stack our plates off to the side because they didn't really get cleared away.. . Christmas here ruined the Wicked Spoon for me. They need to reevaluate their holiday strategy. I still have a soft spot for them. I've grown fond of their chocolate covered strawberries. Plus I hate buffet crab legs, but the ones here were surprisingly good, sweet, still warm, and not over-salted. Otherwise, a complete disaster. Avoid during holidays.
I don't know what happened to this place.  Loved it a few months ago.  I visited this week during CES on a Monday and paid $35 to get in.. . It was not the same experience at all.  All the food was dried up and I just didn't feel satisfied at all.  There were a lot of Japanese businessmen sitting next to me and they were all ranting in Japanese how bad it was throughout my meal too.  They even talked about going to another restaurant afterwards.. . To top it off, all the dried up crab I was eating gave me food poisoning which gave me a bad stomach ache / diarrhea / vomit for a week now.  It ruined my Las Vegas vacation and the days after.. . I will never be returning to Wicket Spoon.  It's not worth the chance to ruin my vacation in that way again.. . ---. Update : As an added bonus, I emailed their management about this and got no response.
I heard people mention this place.  So when my friends and I went to Vegas and the night we arrived they wanted to go eat here I was up for it.  It's not Vegas until you've overeaten at a buffet.  . . We arrived at 8:30pm and we were one of the last few groups to make it before they shut down the line.  By shut down the line I mean they had a nice lady stand at the back of the line and tell people they are no longer letting people in line.  . . We were told the wait was 2 hours, so we were in for the long haul.  However, after 2 hours and not having eaten since lunch we started to get delirious.  We could see empty tables not being cleaned.  Then as we approached the entrance at 10:45 people who were on their way out told us that there was no more prime rib.  We discussed with the manager who told us that they would bring out something else in place of the prime rib.  . . However, now that we were going to be seated we only had 30 minutes before they started taking away the food.  I would have yelled, but the lack of food made me weak.  . . It was a mad dash for food.  Sad to say most of the food was gone, dry, or unappealing.  . . The only redeeming parts were the chocolate covered strawberries and their create your own mac and cheese.  . . Not worth the hype!  If you must go make sure you have enough time before they close.  . . Tip: they charge 15% gratuity for parties of 8 or more.. . Dinner cost $40.
Save room for dessert!! . . Hands down the #1 buffet in Nevada. I don't know if it was because we arrived for the dinner buffet at 5:30pm (open at 5pm)but everything was fresh and extremely flavorful. . . First off I tried the bone marrow since I've never had it before and that was FANTASTIC. The carving station has peaking duck, beef (forget if it was prime rib or roast beef), and turkey which was all moist and flavorful. The Mac and cheese bar was insanely good and there were about 16 ingredients you can add yourself. The counter all the way to the left had chicken that's similar to what they use in gyros and that was the best tasting meat I've had there. The truffle potatoes Au gratin and regular mashed potatoes were perfectly made. Salads, meatballs in the Italian section and Asian pork buns all the way to the right side was all good. The only thing that didn't appeal to me was the corned beef because that looked dry and I don't think anyone ate that the whole time i was there. . . For dessert they have gelato, macrons, tiramisu, cheesecake, cake pops, red velvet cookies, brownie lava cakes, beignet station and many many more. I literally tried a bite of everything there andhad no room left. We've been to all the buffets on the strip except for the $85 seafood in Balleys and this is by far #1.. . . Edit 5/3/12. . We recently went and the quality of the food is slowly going downhill. They are changing the menu and some dishes are not hot (temperature wise). We haven't gone as much anymore as we used to after the last 2 visits.. . Edit 7/4/12. . This place is garbage now. They changed a lot of the food stations for cheaper unappetizing dishes. This is what I expect from lower end hotels but for a place that used to be one of the best, it's a place I'll never step foot in again.
This is the worst buffet I had in Vegas. I waited over an hour in line to pay $23 for crappy food. I had the korean bbq short ribs, and it tasted like I was chewing on tires. The best things here were the butter nut squash ravioli in the little tin cups and the gelato ice cream. And those two things were ok not great. Everything was practically unedibble. The biggest waste of money in vegas without a doubt.
I got the worst food poisoning of my life (lasted 48 hours) after brunch here last weekend. Ick.
I think what this buffet suffers from is the classic example of style over substance. Presentation wise, the food looked very good. The descriptions of the food were quite good as well. Very "foodie" in nature. However, where it suffered was breadth of selection and quality/execution of food, both were VERY poor.  If you can't even do a decent biscuits and gravy at a las vegas buffet, its time to give up. . . There are actually TWO lines here, one where you wait to pay and a second one where you wait for a table. I don't know how much more inefficient it could have been.  Service was piss poor as well. We didn't get our drink orders in until AFTER our first plates of food were finished (and we had someone wait at the table to make sure to get it). The table next to us, jealous of our bottle of water asked us "do we have to get our own water here?". . Foodwise, like I stated earlier, its all foodie sounding concepts that are presented in a hip fashion. Tastewise, it was very crappy and cooked on a mass-produced scale with seemingly no consideration to taste. I enjoyed maybe two selections, the french toast and the sliced lamb.  . . Pho bar was embarrassingly bad. I'd be shocked if the stock WASN'T powdered beef stock. Smoked salmon tasted off. Chicken wings were disgusting and strange texture, Chocolate covered strawberries had a weird powder dusting which ruined the flavor. didn't even want to touch the sandwiches, pizzas or chinese food with a 10 foot pole because they just looked either dry or under the heat lamps too long.  Overly salty pastas. The list can go on and on. Also, some of the foods are hard to reach due to the low positioning of the glass shields. . . I've probably been to 80% of the Vegas buffets and this one rates very low on the scale. If you're going to go to one, do one that actually cooks their food well (like the Wynn or Bellagio).
Came here with a friend for the second time. I hate to say this but our sever (his name was Allen or Alex) was extremely rude and unprofessional. He pretty much ignored us pinpoint and took like 50 min to bring WATER, while he served other customers just fine. I was very disappointed since food was as good as before.
i wanted to visit this buffet a year ago, but went to bellagio instead.  this time, we got a comp meal at wicked spoon buffet.  . . arrived at 6:22pm on sunday of pres day.  the line is deceptive.  there are two lines: one for paying and one for seating.  took 21 minutes for us to get to the cashier.  then we were in the seating line which took forever like a line at disneyland.  time we stood in line to be seated??  1 hr 12 min.  I HAVE NEVER WAITED THAT LONG BEFORE *besides cheesecake factory in pasadena back in college, but we went planning to shop for an hour before going back.  we weren't cramped like sardines for that long like in the wicked spoon line.  would have been nice if we were offered water in line (they do that at the bellagio buffet line) *  we waited a total of 1.5+ hours finally be at our table.. . *NOTE: i called cosmo to ask about wicked spoon hours and whether we needed a reservation,etc.  the person told me, "the wait will be about 5-10 minutes.  you don't need a reservation or anything." WOW...REALLY?!?!?  =O. . i like the concept of little dishes but for me, it was a MAJOR FAIL IN EXECUTION.. . food selection was not as much as i expected.  they had some food in little cute dishes.  there was a line for the meat...rotisserie pork shoulder, lamb, prime rib.  i don't remember the last time i was this disappointed at quality/taste of prime rib.  the prime rib i had at flavors buffet in harrah's yesterday was several times better than wicked spoon's.  the pork shoulder was more flavorful than the prime rib.  after eating some prime rib that was overcooked, i spit it out cuz it was that bad.. *i did it carefully when no one was looking*  SAD.... . the mac n' cheese bar is a novelty.  cool to pick your fixings and see the mac n' cheese made before your eyes.  the people who serve food are very nice (at the meats, mac n' cheese, etc). . . truffled potatoes, creamed corn, beet salad, israeli couscous, asparagus were worth trying.  . . i tasted some of their asian food...omg, tasted like crap.  a lot of other food was either too salty or just plain bland.  . . crab legs were good and cut in half so that you could easily get the meat out.  shrimp w/grits was okay.  fish was dry.  i rarely waste food.  pretty much whatever i get is what i eat.  but i had a lot of uneaten food on my plates... . dessert..  there were two things i actually did like: pecan square tart and chocolate cake with caramel sauce on the bottom.  chocolate strawberries tasted good but they win the award (if there was one) of the sloppiest chocolate dipped oreo strawberries ever.. . i also asked for hot tea.  when the teapot arrive, the water was only lukewarm.  . . i don't care how fancy the place looks.  i'm the type of person who comes for the food.  don't charge me extra for your fancy decor.  I AM HERE FOR THE FOOD!!. . SO WHY 1 STAR???  *they don't even get 2 stars for one free buffet*. . HERE'S THE KICKER... hubby and i both had DIARRHEA 1.5 hours after consuming their buffet.  the food was not fresh.  it didn't look fresh...it didn't look appetizing...and sure you aren't supposed to judge a book by its cover, but one look and i knew (even though i still tried it to give it a chance).  . . so glad we didn't pay for 2 buffets.  not worth it.   i really should have stuck to my guns to go last year..  if you look at the pictures uploaded onto yelp, they are from last year.  definitely deteriorated in quality/taste??  when a buffet is newer, the place tries to impress the guests.  *i've found that bellagio is the most consistent after over a decade+..*. . *Note: we would have been better off going to Flavors Buffet @ Harrah's since it would have cost us $10 each with the coupon.  no long ridiculous misleading wait, no diarrhea, no wasting that much time.
When I go to a breakfast buffet, I don't expect great service, just reasonable. This place was horrible. The waiter gave us a dissertation what he would/would not do then screwed up the order. We asked for the manager and she never came. . . The Hostess apologized, so we tried again the next day.. . The next day we encountered a new mean hostess and we could not get coffee refills. How many times do you have to say no cream, please bring skim or low fat milk?. . Ok, this place went 2 for 2 as a 1 star buffet. No mas!. . As the name implies, it's wicked.
We tried this place a third time due to proximity and the service was consistently horrible. . . The manager's attention was requested and for the second time, she didn't show. . . Very, very bad service and it's hard to screw up a buffet!
I'm not sure if we went on an off night but my boyfriend and I never really eat at buffets but I've heard a lot about this one and loved the idea of individual portions so we just had to try it. We did go on a Saturday night and got there are 6:45 pm, there were only 2 or 3 people ahead of us but it took 15 minutes to pay. We were told a 20 minute wait for seating, now I don't mind waiting an hour if you tell me an hour but don't tell me 20 minutes when it's going to be an hour. So that was the first negative.. . Now for the food...it was really bad, everything except the mac n cheese was cold, the  prime rib was lacking flavor, the chicken was dry, the sushi tasted funny, the risotto was pasty.. . I do have to say the mac n cheese was amazing and the shrimp cocktail was some of the best I've had but $35 for those two items was a little much.. . One other negative is that we got up for dessert and they cleared our table. Not a huge deal, the waiter said, oh just sit here but then some other lady came up immediately asking for our receipt. We told her what happened but she looked at us skeptical and started asking some other girl when we had pointed out the waiter who told us to sit there. I guess they get a lot of people trying to sneak in for cold tasteless food.
Came here on a weekday and the food sucks.  Maybe I should come when they are busy because all the other reviews rave about how great they were.  To me, the presentation in the little containers of the food is great but when the food looks like it's been sitting there for awhile, it sure definitely doesn't taste great.  Guess I was there to eat with my eyes because the taste of the food was just okay.  Maybe I should of gotten food from that taco/chinese food place by Jose.
i have no idea how this place averages 4 stars on yelp.. this is the worst buffet i've ever been to in LV.. there's plenty of variety.. but everything is pretty damn piss poor.. the one saving grace is the gelato which was pretty damn good.. i would save your money and avoid this place
Just back from the Wicked Spoon....It's definitely the WORST buffet I've ever been for dinner. Incredibly long wait in Line--Only to pay and then wait in a SECOND long line...about 1.5 hour wait.  $35 per person...Server never came back to ask if we needed refills on our drinks.....VERY LIMITED variety of food.  Don't GO...Don't believe all the HYPE that it's so great!!!!!. If you go, you'll regret it....
After reading the reviews here on yelp we were pretty excited to try this buffet.  Well it was a big disappointment.  If you only want something fancy to look at this place is for you.  Many of the items are very uniquely displayed in little pots, or basket.  Otherwise, my advise is to skip it.  The food wasn't very good.  Nothing was labeled, and there wasn't as many choices as most of the buffets on the strip.  The line for the omelet bar was about 20 minutes long.  They also had some breakfast taco, but no sour cream.
Sorry ya'll. I really wanted to come here because of all the talk but it really disappointed me. Maybe it was an off day, who knows. We went for lunch (maybe lunch isn't good) for $40 and I expected to be blown away. The presentation of the dishes were spectacular in cute little pots and pans etc. however many things were lacking. For one, the food was COLD. They were sitting under heating vents but I guess the food was old. Secondly, there was a lack of flavor! I felt like I had to add my own seasoning. . Some dishes that really disappoint:. 1) Sushi...umm, looked like a glob of white stuff.. 2) Chinese veggies: needed some fiber but the veggies were tough and unchewable.. 3) Fruit: there were only 3-4 types in a small plate. Where's all the good stuff?. 4) Prime Rib: Chewy...overcooked.... 5) Tacos: oily and soggy. 6) Pasta: MEH...only one had a good marinara sauce with eggplant. . What was good:. DESSERT! Good selection of chocolates, cakes, cookies, macaroons, and gelato! However, I couldn't even enjoy them :(. . All in all, never going back. There are definitely better foods in other hotels!. . Wicked Spoon...I will never spoon you again.
I had a friend in town visiting and we decided to try this buffet since it has such great reviews. When we arrived, there was a group ahead of us. When we got to the cashier, she said they were closed from 3-5. It was 3:00 on the dot. Keep in mind, we were behind a large party that paid and was let in. I was very disappointed in this type of service.
The first time I came here was when they first opened and the price was great and the food was amazing for the price.. . Over winter 2011 I came again and I brought a whole bunch of friends, wanting to show them this awesome decently priced buffet in vegas HOWEVER not only was it not cheaper-priced anymore but the food sucked, even my friends (who have obviously not been here as stated above) said it was bad and they'd take me to a better place.. . ugh what a disappointment.
I was hoping for amuse-bouche, but instead I got big little bowls of bleh.  If you want to sell food for more money, you give it a fancy name, and people will perceive it as delicious, because it's expensive.  But remove the pricing from your perception, and this buffet is just another pile of food you can get anywhere else.. . We went Saturday at 6pm and the line was surprisingly short. The waitress was very friendly and the table was cleared often, until the end when we went for dessert and the dinner plates never left, even for the half hour we sat talking over coffee.  But these things do not go into my rating, because I went there for the food, after seeing enough friends posts on Facebook that this place rules.. . Unfortunately, I was underwhelmed. For this kind of money, I would rather go to Paris, Wynn, Bellagio, Mirage, or even Yama Sushi for AYCE.. . I was frustrated with the tapas-style portions of food, because I don't want eight gnocci in a bowl of lamb sauce -- let me pick out one noodle to taste first and then I'll decide if I want a whole serving.  I don't want a cup of fries to go with my fish n chips -- I just want a piece of fried fish. So many things I wanted just a taste, but were only served in portions that meant a table full of wasted food.  Am I the only weirdo who walks around the buffet first gathering literally ONE BITE of things, and then I go back to get more of what I liked?. . We finally figured out the key is to share the first round of bowls with the whole table, so everyone gets a taste and then goes to get what they liked for themselves.. . The second frustration was that things kept running out.  My friends would bring back dishes, I'd go up to get some, and they were gone.  I never saw the prime rib, and the pork shoulder I got instead had five-spice on it, which I loathe.  The crab was served in open shells, which probably explains why it was so watery and void of flavor.  The sushi was grocery store quality.  The bone marrow tastes like something my grandma would scrape out of her cast iron skillet before doing dishes.  It's funny how people run out of fancy ideas, so they circle back around to the garbage that used to be fit for peasants and leftovers, and they call it a triumph with a new price tag.  Chopping a dozen cherry tomatoes in a bowl with a crust of bread is a sad version of cheap-old bruschetta, and left me with a bowl of tomatoes to deal with when the bread ran out two bites in.. . The best thing in the dessert area was the blood orange gelato, so sweet and tart.  The red velvet cookies were also lovely.  But there were no macaroons, my favorite thing on this planet, so I was super bummed the rumor turned out false.. . We stuffed ourselves sick, and then enjoyed walking the Cosmo's hallways of beautiful art and people.  It's such a great property, but the buffet falls short of those otherwise excellent standards.
Eek no. Nothing outstanding. The marrow turned into mess fat when you eat it. Not creamy anymore. The sushi so bland. Plus they have no chopstick when I went there. When I asked for chopstick, the counter lady said it will be out. I waited for 5 minutes in front of the counter and nothing done. She saw me and mentioned not to wait. She has asked the chef about the chopstick and didn't know how long. I have to dumbly ask if the chef needs to "make' the chopstick. Seriously? It's not about the chopstick but the fundamental that we paid almost 40 bucks for buffet and below average foodwith dumb counter person really ticks me. I like Wynn and Bellagio better.
I cannot believe people are saying this place is the best. Considering this place is new I would have expected better. First we went there at 9am for the brunch. They opened at 8am and when we got there the food was cold !! Not room temperature cold! I was so excited because my friend said it was awesome. I was excited to see dinner food at brunch. It all looked so good. But nothing I ate except the egg drop soup was even hot. The first cup of egg drop soup I had was luke warm the second was hot like it should have been in the first place. Let me tell you the heat lamps or boiling water under the food that must not have been working. I could see steam coming from the bottom but really everything was cold.. I got the following:. Tri Tip with sauce- I was afraid to eat it because I don't eat cold red meat when its cold. Green Beans- Good flavor just needed to be hot or at least luke warm. Eggs Benedict- English muffin was so hard I could barely cut with knife!. Biscuit and gravy- bleh. spinach quiche- not very good no taste. Grapes- awesome!. Egg Drop soup- pretty good taste and what made it better was the temperature. Peach cobbler- good taste would have been awesome if hot.. I was going to get an omelet however first the green bell peppers looked like they were chopped up days earlier. They had no red bell peppers, the onions were already grilled not sure why I like them raw and so were the mushrooms and the line was pretty long. But I walked out of it after seeing the bell peppers.. I stopped eating because I was so disappointed and waited for the secret pizza place to open.
I guess lesson learned: never go to this place on a Monday, especially at 8pm. The selection really diminished. They only had three sushi rolls out and they all looked unappetizing and dry. There was only one soup available. They ran out of clams. The dessert area was reduced to just one bar area. The person that sat you was horrible! There were so many tables available but we still had to wait 20minutes for a table. They ended up cleaning up four tables for our party of 8 but we were standing in front of those tables for 15minutes prior to someone coming over to clean them. . . Wicked Spoon really just has normal foods (mac and cheese, lasagna, pastas, salads), placed in unique containers for presentation--that's it! The food was decent but not great for the price you pay. This was my third time here, and I must say the the quality of the food declines each time. Will not be going back.
Staff is extremely rude and unprofessional.  I have had better service at McDonald's.
Very slow service, attitude issues with line cooks and floor staff, we were there for dinner and lunch bith times staff was reaaaly bad and slow, not enough bus/cleaning staff on the floor.
Must have been an off night cause this place was WICKED HORRIBLE!! I cannot beleive they have the balls to charge 35 dollars to eat here. Here are my problems with this place.. . 1-Service - If you're going to charge 35 dollars a person, at least have a full time server. I had to pour my own water which is kept on the table along with the glasses. Also what the hell is up with keeping the wine bottle on the table with the glasses it takes up way too much space. If we didn't order it, clear it off the table (which is the size of a full sized pillow).. . 2- Food- EVERYTHING WAS WAY TOO SALTY. Food stayed out way to long sometimes, so its not as fresh as it should be. Also way to slow on replenshing food. Plus the variety was poor too, not much to choose from. Bone Marrow bones were disgusting and not much of a salad selection. Also needs to redirest A/C to not blow directly on table, makes hot food cold.. . 3- Dessert- I didn't really have desert but my g/f did. She likes to take 1 of each desert and try to see whats the best and she couldn't find one thing. Also we over heard the couple sitting next to us they said the dessert was not good.. . Overall this was the worst outing I have ever HAD...... PERIOD. I have never been so annoyed after eating at a buffet, you can usually find at least one thing that is good but not here. (I actually had to throw up afterwards). I will not be coming here again.
I believe this place captivates and lured people because of the decorations and how they serve their foods in exquisite silverware rather than investing in the quality of the food itself.. There selection on food varies from pea-pods or chow mien in a Chinese to-go carton, California rolls if you craved sushi, mediocre pasta, and a chunk of lamb or pork.They decorate the meat section with bone marrow, but the lamb meat itself is cover with blood. So much for a medium-well piece right? Salads, soups, feta cheese and cranberry salad was mostly it. They had a cook who will cook up some calms, mussels, & shrimp in your choice of butter. A pile of snow-crab legs and cocktail sauce. The dessert deserves a one star, there ice cream is exceptionally delicious and macarons tasted just about right, but they were limited. The mocha, moose, sugary tiramisu, cheesecake,  panne cotta, were contained in a sample shot-size cup, not the best, I rather have a piece and use a fork to eat it. . . But overall, the food beyond low-graded, disgusting--no flavor, and  after the first plate your just wondering why you wasted $35 for tonight's meal. Service is okay, they clean up your mess the second you leave the table. . . Bye wicked spoons. ):
I was severely disappointed when I came here this weekend. There was a giant line outside which was fairly quick, but as soon as you paid they made you wait in another line! That line was slower than death itself. After the insane long wait, we finally went in only to see more lines in front of all the food! I decide to wait in line and try one of everything. After getting the main dishes which were the prime rib, leg of lamb, and snow crab I finally return to see the waiter give us our drinks. That was the last time I saw that waiter all night. The leg of lamb was fairly dry and the snow crab tasted too strongly of lemon and had no seafood taste! The prime rib was fine but I had to dip it with scalloped potatoes to give it some flavor. . . This would have been fine for any other buffet but we paid 35$ a head to get in! This was supposed to be one of the best buffets in town and we were horribly disappointed. Average tasting food with crappy service....35$? I think not.
So disappointing.  I had heard this place was fabulous, rivaling the Wynn buffet but it did not live up to the hype.  I went for brunch on Sunday.  First off, with so many people there why did they only have two people making omelet/eggs to order.  It took at least 20 minutes to get your order.  Second, there was not enough service staff to accommodate the crowd.  Our waiter came once to give us drinks and never returned.  There was no one to bus our tables- completely unacceptable for a buffet that you pay $38 a pop.  Third, the food was good to ok.  Just average food, same items you could find at the Rio Buffet.  I agree with the other reviews...the presentation was cute but did not make up for the rest of the problems.  As a local, I will never return and will not recommend this place to anyone.
So friends and I had given our first try at the Wicked Spoon for lunch, we hated it, others kept saying it was good but you have got to hit up the dinner. We said okay let's give this one more chance. Verdict? Still hate it. . . We were hungry and beat the dinner rush by arriving around 5 for dinner. Our first plates seemed promising, I picked up a tasty shrimp ceviche, duck taco and the ginormous bone marrow. Liked 2 out of the 3 (bone marrow was not what I was used to, but maybe because I missed the little bowl of chimichurri on the side). All the following plates were a major disappointment. Even some of the crab legs were kind of questionable. Honestly the presentation is exceptional, but really I'm only there for the food. To add insult to injury the food at the buffet gave me quite the raging case of food poisoning which is not fun when you've got a 4hr car ride back to LA. . . This buffet is banned for life.
Yes. I'm giving this place one star not only because it isn't worthy of more but because they need to be brought down a notch. Hard to imagine why so many yelps think this place is so great. Maybe we knew there was an issue when we got there and there was no line.. Ok here's the first thing that pissed me off. 36 bucks plus tax and gratuity. It was more than $90 for 2 to eat here. I moved from here 8 years ago and anything like this at the time was unheard of. Gratuity included? What happened to leaving your tip on the table? I'll decide how much that's worth. . We immediately grabbed our plates and started to peruse the place and the more I looked the more I realized there wasn't a lot there for me to eat. Where was all the fish? Farmed salmon in a place that cost more than 90 bucks for 2? Really? I will not eat that garbage so don't even ask me to. What was there for a pescatarian otherwise? A few meager choices of veggies and potatoes everywhere - mashed, fingerlings au gratin. Hell. Oh, and where was the salad? There was actually no salad to be found anywhere. Desserts were good but the pumpkin flan was flat and it lacked the right texture. Other chocolates were good though. . So, in the end, this place was not worth the price and there are better places to eat. I'm not going to pay a premium price for for something just because someone tells me I should. Just because it's a City Center Hotel on The Strip. . Next time I'm in town we'll just skip the buffet thing entirely. Hey Caroline. Let's eat at your house. I'll buy if you cook :)
Let me Start,. This was now myfavorite Buffet Since they opened & we are locals. We ate here 20 Times &brought guest from everywhere to eat here. . . Here is my issue. . The quality is getting worse from visit to visit. . Price Increased of course. :-(. . Came here for Brunch. Line was 2 min.  Hosts are very nice & attentive. Our waitress was nice too. She dissapeared a few Times but yes Thats Not a Problem. . . But the Food. Almost everything was cold. I Never fill up plates & Walk Around i usually go straight back but evrything was cold. . Mussels cold, chicken cold, potatoes cold, .... . The choices are very Limited. They dont really fill up. . . Only the Desserts are Good ( choc Lava cake, gelato) evry other cake was too Sweet ( Carrot cake, cheescake) the sweelpotatoe flan was just Bad. . . We ordered OJ & Tea. The Tea used to be Great quality they now suck at Tea. Its coffee flavored tea. Not Even Tea bags. They bring it in the Cup already prepared. . . I will Not go back. Sorry but it Sucks now. :-(
I'm not sure why everyone raves about this buffet but it was not good imo.  I came here Thanksgiving weekend and tried mostly everything.  The meat station is a joke and so is the dessert bar.  The chocolate dipped strawberries were not even sweet!  The only good thing from dessert was the grapefruit sorbet.    Food is very underwhelming.  . . Service is very good.  Our server was attentive and picked up dishes and refilled drinks.
8 adults dined on breakfast Nov. 1st 2012. 8 adults violently vomiting with uncontrollable diarrhea that evening, and spent the 3rd in terrible shape. Cosmo Hotel says sorry not out problem. We were guests at the Cosmo. Ruined our last day at SEMA. Made our drive home a nitemare.  Never again will wicked spoon be a desired Vegas option for any of us.
i don't care what it was before.  as of the date this review is written, a total disappointment.  it should be a $20 buffet, not a $39 one.  considered yourself warned.  very few choices and the food don't taste good.  after one or two plates, you'll be out of choices.  take your money to somewhere else.
WHOA! . $37 on weekday dinner. . not tasty at all... cold fried chicken, horrible asian food, not much variety, small crab legs, bone marrow is not fresh and needs more seasoning. . yum - prime rib, dessert section
I really can't believe how badly off the mark the Yelp reviews are for this place. After waiting 2 hours (!), we were seated in a less than full dining room, where it took another 20 minutes to get one of the all-you-can-drink Bloody Marys that came as part of our buffet. The food? Don't remind me. The pastas were gummy, the meats were gristly, and what minor amounts of seafoods were out were overcooked and tasted off. We started in line at 11, thinking that was plenty of time for brunch, but got in close to 2, which meant nothingwas fresh and the dinner foods hadn't been put out. . . Bottom line:  I would have had more luck putting a 100 bucks into the slots, and I'd feel a whole lot less screwed over.
It is just a below average buffet.  I have no idea why the rating is so high.  We did get there a little before 9 PM and they closes at 10 PM.  Thinking it will be ok because of many recommendations from others.  Man oh man are we in for a surprise.. . First, the seating speed is super slow.  We were there late and there are tons of uncleaned seats.  We were still in line for over 40 minutes.. . Then it comes the food.  Asian food, soy sauce + water with a little udon, miso soup with nothing else in it (usually I am expecting tofu or seaweed), tough hard to chew vegetable and beef, only bright side is the ribs.  Then the pizza and Italian food, why I need to pay $45 a person to eat those and spaghetti with meatballs? Standard roast beef and pork chop, you can get those at hometown buffet. Seafood, also standard crab leg, salmon pieces are ok.  No good salad bar, one star down.  No good fruits, one star down.. . Desert is ok, but the ice cream bar has a constant long line.. . Oh, one more thing, when we got there, there is no sushi anymore.  I guess I can only snack on wasabi and those pink ginger slices.. . Before 10 PM, they started closing already.  Nice for the worker, not so nice for the customer.. . Overall, I want to give them a  -7 if I can.. . -1 for seating speed. -1 for Chinese food. -1 for pizza hut type food. -1 for no salad. -1 for no fruits. -1 for no sushi. -1 for the price vs variety
I heard many great things about Wicked Spoon from my friends so I had my bachelorette dinner here last October. What a mistake. The food looked appetizing but was bland and unmemorable. I don't think there was ONE thingI finished. I thought they were known for their desserts but even that failed to perk my dismal mood. I could have probably received better food at a cheap local restaurant. I will never be eating here again.
Don't spend your money here!! We're very disappointed at this place, food  was too dry. Looked like it was sitting there on trays for too long. Steamed salmon, crab, sushi were not fresh. Soup and Chinese food were way too salty. The worst Buffet I ever had, never going back again. Price was too high for the quality of food.
The Wicked Spoon Buffet was excellent when it first opened.  Since then the food has become disgusting.  Do not be fooled by the pretty surroundings.  I is xpensive fora buffet and the food is awful.  I have been many times and will not go back.  The last 3 times were dreadful.
One Star because although I spent rest of the day worrying about it, I didn't throw up or get diarrhea.. Was there 2weeks ago. After 4+ hours of driving from Venice to Las Vegas I was far too tired to go to my beloved Grand Lux Cafe, so I said what the heck, let's get a nice buffet and famish ourselves. Big mistake. For 40$ per person there are MANY nice places you can eat in Las Vegas good quality food. The food here was mediocre, bland, cold, tasteless. All ingredients felt low quality and the food simply did not sit well in our stomachs. Had to overdose on those Sprite Zeroes to restore some semblance  of peace  in my stomach. Save your money and go somewhere where you will actually enjoy the food.
I really wanted to like Wicked Spoon.  Honestly, I love the concept of small plates and having a plethora of things to try.. . However, I don't know if it's because I went on a Saturday afternoon at 1:00 pm with the brunch closing at 3 pm and there was an hour long wait, or that it didn't seem like the were refilling the food as it ran out because brunch would be closing in an hour by the time we got in there, or that the service was TERRIBLE (my mom had to bus all the plates and the server completely avoided our table as if we had the plague);. . In fact, the service was SO BAD that we had to ask another server for a refill on drinks, however all she did was tell our server who scurried away and didn't bring refills of the drinks.  I get that the buffet is busy, and that the staff is overworked, but even with all of that, there is no excuse for the terribleness of the service.. . The food was good, however it is not worth the hour wait or the price.  Also there was no seafood area so it was slightly more limited in selection than i expected given how everyone hyped up this buffet.. . Thanks, but no thanks.
My expectations were too high... :(. . I just kept thinking... Wicked Spoon... so amazing sounding... must be so amazing with the way everyone marvels about the presentation and the styles of food available. Wicked Spoon was at the top of my list and while I enjoyed the route from one end to the other (my friend did not have the same amused appreciation), there was not much else worthy to claim 5 stars about. . . I think I paid something around $40-45 for a weekend meal. It was so expensive and the little eats that were supposed to be so fantastically orgasmic were average, at best.  I can't really think of anything that really stood out to what I would come back specifically for. . . I'm trying really hard to sum up some nice thoughts about this place but besides the decor, there wasn't anything really awesome... . . And I really had to use the bathroom after I ate... my belly did not feel right or well.
Why does this buffet get so many good reviews? It's terrible.  Everything is portioned out into small portions and the food is mostly cold. Here's an example: cocktail shrimp are put in tiny cups and they put two tiny shrimp in each cup.  I eat about 20 cocktail shrimp at a Vegas buffet, so you can imagine what that looked like.  Also, the bone marrow had turned into a gelatin.  As if bone marrow wasn't gross enough.. . The only redeeming quality is that there's gelato.  Yippee?  . . For $40 at dinner I should have just gone to Ruth Chris.
Wow... Warning. The pictures you see here do not represent what is currently at this buffet. They have GUTTED this buffet. We walked in, did a lap as.d wondered if we missed something. There was NO SELECTION at 6pm on a Saturday. It was so little and 75% of what you see in pictures is NOT THERE we were gutted to pay so much for a lie. 4 stories of colorful deserts? Nope! We got strawberry rice crispies, and a few sub par chocolate cake items. The bone marrow was tiny and poor, the meat selection is 4 or 5 options, Asian had 2-3 options, Mexican the same. It felt like a station casino buffet, good, but for 14 bucks, not 44 plus tip... We feel had... Advice, ask to go look at the buffet yourself before you buy if they we will let you. It's a sham. Go to Bachnaal. It's WORLDS better, we should have just gone back there....
Wow, I'm so surprised by the positive reviews for this place. I found the Wicked Spoon Buffet to be simply awful as did everyone I was with. To be fair, we arrived late. It was close to 9pm but if you are running a pricey buffet you should be able to provide delicious food all evening. Perhaps one needs to be drinking to appreciate this food, none of us were regrettably. The food was bland and colorless. I was really psyched to go because I had heard it was good but boy was I disappointed. I will never return.
They should remake the food selections ASAP. . Pros:. * Locating in Cosmopolitan. * Their desert is the only thing good there. * They put many of their food in small cup/pan/pot. . Cons:. * For the subpar food selection they offer right now, $40+/person is a ripoff (Don't come here if you like seafood, their selection is very limited; they use crab legs the same level as those in $15-$20 asian buffet places). * Most of their food doesn't taste like $40+ buffet, it was so plain and basic. * Their ambiance/decor can be considered "OK" if it locates elsewhere not name Cosmopolitan, but for such an upscale trendy hotel like Cosmopolitan, Wicked Spoon should spend a little more money on the restaurant's "vibe". * Our waiter was discriminative. (After being seated, our server walked by our table couple times but never acknowledge us to ask what would we like to drink. Then when two other parties were seated after us, he went to their table almost immediately)
For the amount of money we paid for two for Sunday brunch (total of over $70) combined with the level of service (which was very poor) and quality of food (which was mediocre) we have definitely experienced better.. . Don't get me wrong, the Cosmopolitan is a gorgeous new hotel sprouting with young people all over the place.  The vibe is hip and cool and the "eye-candy" is everywhere.  . . The presentation of the food was alright, but what pissed me off was the young girl serving up the cuts of meat.  I asked nicely for a thin slice of beef and she obliged by actually throwing the meat onto the plate like I was some sort of dog.  No eye contact, no interaction, no "there you go, enjoy..."  I went back for seconds and was even worse the second time around.  . . What the Cosmopolitan lacks is great customer service that Las Vegas is known for.  That is what really keep the customers coming back (and that's for any business).  . . They need some more studying to do because we will NEVER return here.
less choices of food than Caesar's Palace or Wynn ....food were either too oily or too salty. I am not sure if it was just our bad luck or what. Because I have heard quite a few hypes about the place.
People on yelp must be insane crazy to review this place as the best food. No offense to anyone but my experience was horrible.. . FOOD - it is okay. Yes they offer variety of food, seafood, chinese, korean, japanese, thai, italitan, french, etc. Asian they have sushi dried up, rice, chow mean in togo box. Not enough selection for chinese. Three or four items only which was on Friday night. I don't eat beef and pork so I had barely much selections.. . Seafood... Crab legs were not my fav. Shrimp cocktail was okay.... Nice dessert area but not the greatest.. . Interior is very modern but comes with a price tag of buffet almost $50 per person.
After reading reviews on here, I decided to dine at WS for my Birthday dinner.  I was so excited because I saw that they served Bone marrow, which I have never heard of a buffet serving.  I figured I had to pace myself, so I grab a plate of the crab legs, which was nice because they are already split and ready to eat!  After finishing my warm-up plate, I was going to get my second plate.  As I was turning to show my bf what I got, some random stranger walked by and wanted to share what he had eaten by projecting vomit all over my right side! I was like WTF? Did this just happened to me? On my Birthday? Just shocked and stun, I was so embarrassed because everyone who was sitting there saw what happen. I quickly went to the bathroom to clean myself off and trying not to vomit myself. I was picking chunks of pasta noodles and meat off my shirt and hair.  I was mortified and humiliated and just wanted to get to a shower and get the strangers vomit off me. I proceeded to the front and ask for the manager to get a refund, because at this point I was done arguing with the guy who assaulted me with vomit. I informed the manager of what happened and he gaveme a refund. Did they do anything to compensate for this? Nope! I felt that they did nothing to make the situation better but only gave me a refund. The customer service was handled very poorly and have left a very bad first impression on me.  I am traumatized and am very skeptical about going to buffets now, especially in Vegas.  Being assaulted with a strangers vomit isn't exactly the birthday dinner I had imagined.  I wish I could rate on the food but since I didn't get the chance to enjoy it but as far as the customer service; I felt that it could of been handled better. So don't expect bend over backwards service.
This buffet is GOOD and I still want to show them some love but after I found a SPIDER crawling in their beloved chocolate-covered strawberries (you know, the ones everyone writes about), it completely put me off and ruined my meal. Imagine taking a bite out of your strawberry, and then look down to see a spider drop down onto your plate from the strawberry you're holding. Pretty much a sure fire way to completely lose your appetite for the rest of the day.. . But I think I was more put off by the way the manager handled the situation. The server sends over the manager who just stands there as I explain (I wasn't that annoyed, I was just trying to make them aware because no one wants to eat a damn spider). But then he just stands there, doesn't really say anything and makes it really awkward. Like....was I supposed to make a bigger fuss so I can get something comped? I think it was his really quiet demeanor and just standing there that made me think "okay so....really, you don't know how to handle it". You could have just confidently told me you're sorry and will inform the staff about the issue. I think I was more put off by the clueless manager who didn't really know how to handle the situation. The other staff is great though.. . Hopefully this was just a one-time occurrence but pretty sure I won't be going back for a long time. Bleh.
Horrible service.. Cashier - attitude. Server - lazy . Cooks "seafood section" - talking in a foreign language about u. . . I wouldn't come here on a holiday weekend that's for sure.
Overrated and over priced. My husband and I went to the Wicked Spoon on our recent trip to Las Vegas, because of the Yelp reviews. We were expecting it to be great. First of all, for the most part all of the food was cold. The selection was not the best for breakfast food which is what we were looking for more than lunch. I did have a scrambled egg dish that was disgusting. The first bite did not taste right, and I immediately ran to the restroom to dispose of it. I have not felt good since, and it's been 3 days. . . We did not try other buffets, but would recommend doing so over eating at the Wicked Spoon. We will not be back on our next visit.
Greatly disappointed. I would not give it any stars at all but Yelp won't let me. Have no problem paying big $$$$ for a superb breakfast buffet. Should have known by the price of $25 per person that it would not be very good. Even the dessert buffet was just kind of so-so.
This buffet is a joke. Monday brunch -June 17th,2013.....very limited seafood.. No crabs... I asked the chef, he said only dinner time or weekends. Left 20% tip... Unfortunately you pay before you get in and nobody nobody took our drink order for an hour...end of our brunch....3-4 empty plates each sitting on our table and nobody cleaned up the table , nobody!! .. We sat there an hour an a half. No waiting staff.... Food is mediocre ...cheap and repetitive... . . Do yourself a favor and go to Bellagio. Even Flamingos buffet has mountain of sea food and crab legs.... Really!
Sucked...total hype...food was terrible...$40 per person rip! Yes the serving style was unique and yes there were different food menu items like you most likely would not see at other buffet's. But these items were not gourmet, nor would I say good in general. Bad, terrible, simply distasteful in most cases. A couple items I liked; little fried chicken wings (greasy as hell though), actually that is the only item I liked now that I think about it. Don't waste your time if you're a foodie. This food is for entertainment purposes only and unless your a punk kid or a tourist just looking to kill time then I would pass.
Worst $44.00 meal I ever had. Buffet was horrible, desserts were tasteless...I paid $44:00  just for decor:( please check the menu before going.
Rotting fruit, watery yogurt, congealed Tabasco Macaroni and Cheese that is supposed to be good, greasy but poorly seasoned meat. Definitely the worst place I have ever been.
I just signed up to write this review. There were 9 plates on our table and just three of us. Waiter just looked at the table and walked passed us.... R u serious????  hope i can post a pic. with this posting but not sure....  This was a truly a bad experience... Well i gotta thk this place for letting me make an effort to sign up on yelp... Food was salty service was bad.... One star for my first official review...
Just terrible. From the dishes to the service. If you want to waste your money go here. I have frequented many Las Vegas buffets. This buffets hype is worth 2$ at best. The dishes were about as tasteful as Walmart microwaved delights and the zero service except when I had to holler at a bus boy was pitiful. I could go into detail but this place was not worth the effort. Sad excuse for Vegas Buffett.
Probably the worst buffet I've ever had.  Do not come here.  Overpriced.  Poor selection.
This place is loaded with sodium!!! I give them one star because of the amazing salad bar and muscles in white wine sauce. I only sampled a little of each dish and ended up drinking 3 glasses of water and about another gallon of water after the buffet. I went to this buffet because of the good rating on yelp but got very disappointed. . #### SODIUM ALERT ####
friday night review, $41 per person, No rice porridge, no sticky rice in  banana leaf,no pho station like at baccanal buffet.  Italian station was a joke: meatball , gnocchi.  Seafood was clams, shrimp cocktail,  Two sushi roll, two sushi options.  3soups total.  Ok desert.  Asian food included steam rice fried rice, fried noodles stir fry Korean ribs .   Limited meat selection.  Sad meat station, two Mexican dish.  No onion ring.  Best thing there was the squid octopus salad.  Compared to Cesar palace buffet, it doesn't compare!!!!! I regret coming here.  Glorified hometown or old country buffet.. . For reference I've been to buffets at cesar, planet hoolywood.wyn.belagio.paris.  I don't know how anyone thinks this is the best.  6:30 pm and no line to get into wicked spoon should have been a prediction of bad food outcome.  For the few people I saw on my way out, I wanted to tell them to run the other way.  And even Paris buffet had a line on the same night!!  This I know bc we passed by it!
Expensive, $88.00 for 2 for dinner, and food was below average.  Not to mention it's location is at the very back secluded area of the cosmopolitan.  Complete disappointment!
Not worth it went to the brunch and spent $72 on crap food. McDonald's has better food then this place. It's nice I like the decor thats why I rated it one star but the food and service suck, and speaking of the service aren't you allowed to have a refill on your beverage when you go to buffets?!?! Asked our server if she would bring more orange juice she gave us this look like "what the f*@k" absolutely ridiculous she took FOREVER  to return with the drinks. There are waaaaaaaaay better buffets in Vegas than this place!!!
Felt like I just got robbed. No sashimi, 3 kind of sushis. No fruit bar. No melons, grapes, strawberry. Nothing. Well bananas and apples. Who the heck wants to eat an apple at an expensive buffet in Vegas? Never coming back. Worse selection of food. Ever.
Yelp really disappointed me today. For the first time. I really don't understand why this place has so many stars! Way below average, so disappointing! Beef so hard and chewy, pork dry and tasteless, salad just..blah..Best thing on my plate was smoked salmon that I can get in a supermarket.. I was never really crazy about buffets but this one makes me never want to try another one again...yuck
Dear Lord...who has been reviewing this place?  Went there for their "quote unquote" BEST CRAB....more like crap.  They are small legs of crab, cut in half, as dry as jerky and there was something gritty on them.  SERIOUSLY?  Place is nice enough looking - service was personable, but the food was not worth the price of admission.  I worry that this restaurant YELPING is fixed.
The waiting time for Thanks Giving dinner was 3 hours. We were starving going in at 8:15pm but the foods were running low. They ran out of sushi and only had 4 types of rolls which had no flavor due to driness of each ingredients. Crab legs were only available with unopened portion of legs. Bone marrow wasn't even available until 9:30pm when I stuffed myself with mediocre flavor food. $50 sure was over priced for such service.
We were so looking forward to our first buffet while in Vegas and left very disappointed.  Glad we didn't pay full price or I would have left sick to my stomach for two reasons :(. . Although the presentation of the food was great, that was actually the only thing going for it.  Every meat we tried was nothing but rubber and every "hot" item was nothing more than luke warm at 6pm on a Friday night.  . . The desserts looked amazing and oh so cute beings they were small and I thought to myself "dessert is easy enough, that should at least be pretty good" well needless to say not the case at all.  What little favor some of the items had and was smashed with being dry, yuck.  . . Service was good and she was very attentive with drinks and clearing of plates.  But it is never good when you leave a buffet that is $41 per person and you think to yourself I would have rather had a Happy Meal. For those raving that it is amazing food my heart goes out to them and their lack of truly great food.  So save your money and you appetite for something worthy of your time.
Rotting fruit, watery yogurt, congealed Tabasco Macaroni and Cheese that is supposed to be good, greasy but poorly seasoned meat. Definitely the worst place I have ever been.
What a waste of time and money. My favor of this place is the salad.. Korean BBQ rib is not chewable, Mac and cheese is basically Mac and cheese sauce, bone marrow is 90% pure fat, serving red wine in white wine glass, and not to mention  they serve hot and sour soup in 5 stars hotel.
No crab legs for lunch time!!! No seafood at all. Too disappointed!! . . Holiday price is $42 for lunch. Waiting time is around 30 mins at around 10:30am. . . I have to say gelato and Korean kalbi are really good! Other than these, they are all ordinary.
Waited 1.5 hours to pay and another hour to be seated. The buffet ran out of food - no prime rib or meats! Great desserts.
We came here for a lunch buffet and it was $39 a person. I am not sure how some other reviewer paid only $35 a few days before us (12/26/2013). The good thing about this place is the decoration. Other than that everything about the food sucks. There is no barely any choice for main dish such as sirloin steak or Korean BBQ.  There is no seafood at all; no crab, no mussel, no squid. The sushi station is horrible and they have California roll and spider roll only. The California roll was made with imitation crab meat. They serve scramble egg for lunch. Who would want to eat that at 5 star hotel? In summary, overpriced food and lack of variety to eat and cheap food not fit for a 5 star hotel. I will never come here again for the food.
Wasn't impressed at all. A lot of different dishes, but none delicious. Everything was ok or worst. Huge lines, aprox 1 hour waiting. Every food was really cold. Desserts looked good but didn't taste 20% as good as it looked. Anyway, overpriced, cold food and not impressed at all. Spent $85 for 2 people. With that amount we could've gone to a very fancy and delicious french, italian or stake restaurant.
