The ambiance is nice, the food is good (and the crab legs were sweet and pre-cut to you could drop the juicy crab into your mouth without any work.) . . The 1 star is because of the management. The service gets 2 stars (why is it that when you have all you can drink champagne that you NEVER see the waiter!). . recap:. Management: 1 star. Service: 2 stars. Food: 4 stars. Deserts: 5 stars. . We paid $23 for the Weekend Brunch (Sat & Sun 7am-4pm). It's a great food value and for another $7 you can get all-you-can-drink champagne or Bloody Mary's. . . Here's the problem with The Buffet at Aria--the management is terrible and the service is mediocre. When we paid (as we walked in) we were asked by the cashier if we wanted the champagne or Bloody Mary's and a few of us were trying to decide what mood we were in. . . The cashier said: "You can choose now, and change your mind later." I'm sure she was trying to keep the line going.. A problem occurred when a few of us "changed our minds" at the table and the waiter said "No." We had to stick with what we originally ordered.. What? . We explained that the cashier told us we could change our minds and the waiter again insisted that that was "the rule" and there would be no exceptions. . No exceptions. (This phrase was uttered to me six times in the next 20 minutes). We protested until it became uncomfortable and then I asked for the manager.. . Again, we just wanted to switch our drink order from Bloody Mary to champagne. . The manager arrived and told us many people want to "switch" and it is not allowed. We explained that the cashier told us we could. And she insisted that we couldn't. . . We were a table of 8, and it became uncomfortable, and so many of our friends said: "that's ok...we'll just have the Bloody Mary. Or: you can have my champagne." At some level everyone just wanted to keep the peace. . . I informed the woman she was a very poor manager because while I understood the "no switch rule", she should stand by her employee's word. (The cashier said we could switch!). . Her retort was that the cashier's were part-time employees and they didn't know what they were taking about, and she wouldn't "honor" their word.. . In the end, after an uncomfortable and lengthy confrontation, the manager let one person switch (and warned us that she couldn't switch back.) It was ridiculous and unacceptable behavior from a manager and I was shocked. Aria should be ashamed.
it really says something if there's no line on a saturday nite at a buffet.  THE Buffet at aria really sucked.  there's no varieties there and the food is forgettable.  if there's no variety, at least have something there dat u wud say "wow, dat's good".  however, the buffet has no such food.  their crab legs r small n too salty.  the shrimp cocktail is soggy, n their main attraction, lobster, is overcooked.  not to mention it didn't come for at least 45 min after i sat down.  after the 1st round, i struggled to find anything i wanna hv to get seconds for.  their desserts r ok, i guess, but for $37 a pop, i wud expect more than ok desserts.  i'm just glad it was comp by aria.  on the other hand, go to cosmopolitan if ur a dessert person. also, their buffet beats aria hands down n twice on sundays.
WTH. For being in such a nice hotel, you'd expect the buffet to be just as opulent. But, it's like some random buffet.. In fact, for the price you pay, I'd rather go to "those" kinda buffets for half the price....at least, you're not expecting much.. . I went for brunch. And maybe, I'm an idiot but, they should serve BRUNCH. All the brunch I really saw was the breakfast foods, eggs benedict, and mimosas.. . The Chinese food was HORRIBLE. Might as well go to Panda Express but, the difference is Panda's beef broccoli tastes good. The broccoli wasn't fully cooked and the beef was cooked too much....practically fried.. . Sushi sucked. Although what can you really expect from buffet sushi, right. . Pizza sucked. I'd rather have those frozen pizzas you make at home!. . Even the desert bar wasn't too crackin'...I mean, you have all the flavors of ice cream/yogurt/whatevs BUT, CHOCOLATE. Ughhh, fail. You gotta have chocolate...it's a staple!. . I normally take pics of the food for the sake of my Yelp...but, this wasn't worth the time.
If Aria, a 5-star hotel, is going to offer a buffet, you'd expect it to be spectacular or at least up to par. Bellagio has it, so why not Aria, right? I  came here with my family yesterday--truly DISAPPOINTED! My mom took a bite of the cold cut meat and spat it out because it had a foul taste and smell to it. I saw the meat, but didn't get it because they looked like they had been sitting there for a good while. I was going to try granola with yogurt, but it had a film on the yogurt as if it had been sitting there for a VERY LONG TIME. My first round barely filled the plate because nothing looked really fresh. I am not a picky eater or a harsh food critic, but I am not going to eat something that looks like it had been sitting there from last night. The tomato salad looked like it had been sitting there for a good while, too. Management is obviously the problem and ARIA NEEDS TO TAKE NOTE OF THIS! WHAT IS THIS PLACE TRYING TO DO? GIVE US FOOD POISONING??? C'mon!!! If your buffet selection is not great, at least make sure that your food is fresh. I was at the curry section yesterday and they didnt even bother to empty out the old curry. Instead, they just threw more fresh ones on top. The old ones on the bottom will only turn bad, it's not going to make it more fresh with the fresh ones on top. The only best section of the buffet was the dessert section. Even though options were not many, at least they looked decently fresh.
This is honestly the WORST Vegas buffet EVER! From decor (or lack of) to food, it really was probably the worst thing to come out of Aria. For being such an amazing hotel, they sure are stingy. The waitress forgot to give one of our friends a lobster and when we brought it to her attention she insisted that she had brought out the right amount. She argued and gave us attitude for a good 5 minutes before finally giving in. The selection was MINIMAL and honestly there was just a lot of empty space. Not only was it bad food, it was OVER PRICED! I would definitely skip this place when at Aria
HORRIBLE HOSTESS'  and MANAGEMENT!!!!!. . I visited the Aria buffet this monday (march 21st) and I was so excited because I love the hotel and had the best service all 3 days that I stayed there! I had never been to a buffet in Las Vegas but made sure to make a point to visit one this time around. I really wish I would've gone to the buffet at the Wynn beause the reviews for it are stellar!. . My girlfriends and I arrived at the buffet around 130pm for lunch the price was great about $23 and the cashier was friendly. There were maybe four people ahead of us so there was no wait and there were tons of open tables. After paying they had us wait there at the register for the Hotess to come and take us to our table. After about 10-15minutes of waiting there were about 10-15 people lined up behind us all paid and waiting on the Hostess. By this time we are asking the cashier 'what's the hold up?" and "why is it taking so long to be seated?" The sweet lady (shikieko) who took our proof of payment was getting flustered because we weren't the only customers questioning the wait. Another man in line offered to go and find the Host for her because she expressed that she couldn't leave her post. After a few minutes more of complaining from all the customers waiting Shikieko ran off to find the Host who were no where in site. They came strolling out in a pair (one was named Kirly, she was especially RUDE) without any sense of urgency and still chatting to one another as they approached us. At this point a friend of mine was was pissed and requested to speak to the manager. The manager took a minute to come out as well so when she came we were all already at the buffet rushing to get food because we were on our way to the airport. Once we got to our table the manager (Brittany) was standing there. She started by saying "Did you all want to speak with a manager?" We replied "yes we did we are not satisfied with the service we recieved at the front counter! The Host are not friendly and have no sense of customer service or urgency we have been waiting for nearly 15 minutes to be seated and there are several tables available" Before I could finish she replied "oh well they came as soon as they could they were busy clearing tables, but ill talk to them". Before I blurted out BITCH what fuck is your problem you owe us a damn apology!!!!! My gf stepped in and said "Tthey were no where in site and a 15 minute wait is just unacceptable when there are several free tables. It's not busy in here and they could have thanked us for waiting, apologized or something!" Brittany replied "oh ok well ya I will talk to them." We also brought in a cake with us. We had no intentions of cutting the cake there our plan was to grab a cocktail at a lounge in the Aria and cut the cake there. Brittany made sure as she walked away from the table to say "oh by the way you all can't cut that cake in here!" We were extremely pissed at this point.. . So we conitued to eat, but the food was nothing spectactular. They had a a few dishes from several different cuisines (Italian, Mexican, Japanese, American, seafood, roast beef, and a pasta bar) Im a vegetarian so I wasn't impressed. I had a a few avacado rolls, vegetable rolls, mixed green salad, corn on the cob, french toast and tofu salad. Believe it or not the best thing was the damn french toast everything else I tried was so mediocre. So after we ate we decided to cut our cake and offer our sweet server Shikieko some she decilened; but wecontinued to nibble and left the rest there in hopes the manger would see!!!!. . DON'T GO HERE THE MANAGER IS BEYOND RUDE SO WHAT CAN EXPECT FROM HER RAGEDY ASS EMPLOYEES!!!!!!. . Really sad my stay at the Aria ended this way!
We came here for lunch. Food is not good. Its better to go out of the hotel and eat at Mcdonalds. Their gourmet dinner during weekends may be much better.
We were extremely disappointed with this buffet.  Fortunately we didn't have to stand in line as we had VIP passes.  Standing in line for the final product would have been 'adding salt to the injury'.  . After having to flag down multiple wait staff, we finally got a drink when we were three quarters finished our underwhelming meal. . We were hungry as it had been a long day at the pool.  We were open for anything.  We took a variety of food and were game for enjoying an array of food.  Unfortunately, half of our food was left on our plates.  Overall it was very bland.  I ended up filling up at the salad bar as my meal.  . For such a grand hotel, this restaurant was very unsatisfying.  Although classified as casual dining, I have felt more satisfied at no frill chain restaurants at home.
At $39 person, this place didn't offer much for the money. The line for the sushi (limited selection to Tuna only), crab legs, and cocktail shrimp was long for a buffet layout. Food is limited in selection, I found better places on the Las Vegas strip and Rio for a better deal. We were there on Saturday of the Memorial Day weekend and there was no line at all! so expensive and far from the strip.
Haven't signed on in awhile but decided to update just for the sake of this buffet. Took a girls trip to Vegas a few weeks ago and stayed at Aria. Lovely hotel! So you would think the buffet would be at least decent. NOT!. . The selection is horrible and as starving as we were, we barely ate 2 plates. (Mind you, I can do so DAMAGE at buffets) They tried to be sneaky by making 10 different dishes with eggs but they were not fooling anyone.. . I would have rather thrown $30 at a complete stranger than eaten here. You've been warned!. . Sidenote: There is nothing special about previously frozen, cut open crab legs that looked extremely unappetizing.
I hate giving one star but this place was just Bad.... What a big Disappointment!?!?!?  There was not one item on this buffet worth coming back for.  I only got ONE (not fully loaded) plate and THAT WAS IT for the night.  I had to fill my stomach with their chicken noodle soup since there was nothing worth eating.. . The quality and presentation of the food was way below average.  I would put them in the Circus Circus category yet I paid almost $40 per person?!?!?!. . And the person who served/cut the salmon kept screaming at me asking me to get the salmon and when I said, "no thanks", he kept asking why not? and kept selling how WONDERFUL the salmon was.. well.. if it was that good, then why did it looked SO DRIED and no one was in line for it.  It made the whole experience cheap.  Like he was a street vendor trying to sell me food.. omg... . They had a 1/2 lobster per person but the meat on the lobster was really tough to eat.  It was totally overcooked.  And the unlimited wine... sorry, but I was there for the FOOD~  what good does the wine do if the food sucks.
The food here is actually pretty good, but for the price, I expected more. Aria is a great hotel but as far as the buffet goes, I doubt that I will ever be coming back ever again.. . I took off two stars for the horrible service my group of eight had to deal with. Sure, the person ordering drinks has a thick Chinese accent that may be difficult to understand but that should be no justification for the waitress being completely rude. It takes time for a large group to consider what drinks it wants to order. A waitress should NEVER sarcastically comment, "Thanks for the long break." We are not imbeciles, we understand a sarcastic comment when we hear one even though everyone at the table is speaking Chinese. Not only that, she was rude the entire time we were under her care. In fact, we didn't even get the iced tea that someone in our group had ordered.. . Sadly enough, someone in our group got sick right after eating at the Aria Buffet. I'm not going to push all the blame onto the buffet but when the first thing that any of us had eaten was at the buffet, I really don't know what to think. I didn't get sick so I'm not going to complain about not being able to give zero stars.. . Aria, I love you and your amazing rooms but I'm utterly disappointed with this buffet. I seriously expected more.
This is an awful buffet.  Aria, you should be ashamed of yourself!  . The Chinese chicken salad was 'off'- like it was left out too long.  The 'complimentary' lobster was freezer burned and tough. The prime rib was overcooked and rubbery (what did they do? Cook it, freeze it, then zap it in the microwave?) . Beautiful surroundings, terrible service (could have used another glass of wine after that meal.). Not worth the price, even if it's free.  Check out the Cosmo buffet, Spice Market at Planet Hollywood, or the Bellagio for a better gourmet buffet experience.
Definitely not a good experience here at the Aria buffet for lunch. The selection was very minimal, the wait was pretty long, and to really ruin my experience I had a chunk of msg in my veggie chow mein. I know, I know, probably not the wisest decision to get the chow mein, but again, the selection was really small for lunch. That chunk of msg was REALLY bad though. Will not be coming back, given there are so many other great buffets around.
paid 40 dollars each person on Thanksgiving day, no lobsters, no salmon, nothing could eat, Steaks were dried out, snow crabs were not fresh at all and felt sick of it.  Overall food sucks and desserts disgusted.  really really disappointed, will not go there again.
I booked a vacation through Southwest. that included a free buffet at Aria. I loved the rooms at Aria, but the buffet was terrible. If I eat at a buffet in Vegas, I usually go to to the buffet at Wynn, which is excellent. The prime rib at the Aria was more like a Sunday night roast, and the rest of the entrees were marginal at best. I thought the food and service was so bad that I would not  eat there again even if they offered it for free. Maybe that's the reason they included the free buffet as part of the vacation package! Really disappointed in the quality and service for such a nice hotel.
This place is still subpar at best. For the price, go next door to Bellagio or the Wicked Spoon at Cosmo. I've given this place three tries already and the only thing I can commend it for is in its consistency at disappointing me. The food selection, in addition to being bland, was sparse. The dessert selection - by higher end buffet standards - was also not good. . . The buffet's design and layout is particularly puzzling to me; why would you have elevation changes in a dining room where people are walking back and forth will tons of food on their plates?! The elevation change made walking around a pain because it forced everyone to walk along the same spaces, thus leading to congestion.
one star is too high for this buffet.. I have been here once before when they first open and it was great. they had jumbo shirmp, sashimi and everything taste good . . however, came here for lobster night on new year day, I was disappointed.. it's about $45 per person.. you can only get half lobster per person for the whole meal.. the worst of all, the lobster looks green in the center.. I have never seem lobster that's green color.. so I ask the waitress to change for a normal one.. and she says it's all like that so I demand to have the price deducted from our bill.. so after waiting 20 minutes she brought me a white one.(a normal one). . all the food is really bad tasting  for the price they charge.. you even have to peel the skin of shrimp yourself!!!!! what the..............?. . desert bar is very small and very limited selection.. . I left very unsatisfied and stomach half empty.
HORRIBLE! Oh god, where to start? They charged us the "holiday price" since it was 4 daysafter Christmas apparently, but had nothing "holiday" to serve us. The crab legs were gray and mushy, they told us there were lox and bagels--nope, and the meat was all fatty. It was a ridiculously overpriced cafeteria, oh and they charged us 18% gratuity for our group. For what? bring us a fork when we beg? Awful. Did I say that already? The only thing decent were the desserts, but they are probably shipped in. Oh and the line was over and hour for non-skysuite people. Ugh.
Came here after it was recommended for it's large selection of food, however we were left very disappointed.. . For $48 dollars each, you get unlimited food, wine, and they also serve lobster tail. But after being seated, we realized there was a lack of staff, and we were getting pretty thirsty. We flag down a person who looks to be ranked higher, and explain that we'd like our server so we can get some soda or water, or wine even.. . Finally, I take my receipt and I go to walk to the front to complain, because according to my receipt, I have been sitting here for 20 mins with no drink, no "hi i'm so and so" no nothing.. . As i'm about to instigate, I notice a lady with what looks to be our drinks on her tray. So I went back and didn't complain. We got our drinks and then we went to get our plates for the buffet.. . Everything looked really really good - presentation gets an A to A+ for the most part, however the 20 min wait for drinks should have been our first indication.... . I placed a few items on my plate: tamale, white Indian rice, tandoori chicken, asparagus, potatoes, pineapple and cantaloupe, a slice of steak meat, and some pita bread.. . All of it tasted either bland, bad, nasty, awful, or worse.. . Round 2: pita bread, indian white rice, curry vegetables on top.. . I want my $48 dollars back. I should have kept walking past the waitress lady and complained like I was doing, but I backed out because I didn't want to be the asshole in my group who complained.. . Well, realize you need "bad guys" sometimes, who will point the finger and hold others accountable: This place took over 20mins to get us soda, and their food was so bad we all almost had to get McDonalds or something to cover up the nasty food we just ate. . . Never again. NEVER NEVER NEVER.
Horrible buffet! Not a really big selection. You would think since the buffet is inside Aria it would be at least decent but I was wrong. Don't waste your money here.... I would've been a lot more happier if I just got a burger from McDonald's or something!!
Visited The Buffet at Aria in April 2012 for a dinner. . . 1) Food was just mediocre. 2) Not much selections. 3) Lobster and wine dinner only entitle you for 1 wine and 1 "baby" lobster. You are paying close to $50 per person and only getting 1 lobster per person and that has to be ordered through the server....(seriously?). 4) Desserts were okay. 5) No fruits? I have never been to any buffet in Vegas that do not offer fruits!. 6) Our server was constantly busy running around, had to serve too many tables and that made him less attentive.. . If you are a lobster lover, try the Studio B Buffet at M Resort. While it is quite far from the strip, you are getting unlimited lobster with a wide variety of other food selections (check website for lobster dinner, not available daily). The dining area is nice with attentive staffs and friendly servers with smiles.
This buffet blows, do not waste your time and money here. We did not get a freakin cup of water until we were done eating. We were on dessert by the time water arrived. Our waitress sucked as well, she was pushy and did not even say hello! The only thing that came out of her mouth was "do you want wine or not?!" The buffet is small and all the food they offered was BLAND. By the time you make your plate and get to your table. It's all cold! How can a hotel that has so much money be an epic fail on their buffet? Don't get me wrong I love Aria but jesus christ all mighty. Use some of that money to teach some 101 of basic customer service to your employees for god sake. People don't want to spend a pretty penny on crap food and crap service. Oh and to top it off, my gf got FOOD POISONING. No wonder they offered a buy one get one free buffet. Do yourself a favor and go eat at the Wynn.
My gosh you failed me. Lunch and Dinner sucks. Overcooked fish, meats and mushy grilled veggies :(. . Its only been 6 months since I visited, what happened?? It was recommended over Wicked Spoon and boy was it correct 6months ago. Not sure about know. Go off of recent reviews because these place can go down hill in just a couple months.. . A plus, the restroom is in the same section as the buffet area. No need to exist and come back. And so far I haven't experienced any lines or wait. But some servers are pretty disgruntled here.
straight to the point.. omg this place sucked. . . * $33 per person Sunday brunch. i had hotel credit thank gawd.. * for real now how can u mess up on salmon sashimi?. * sushi selection was small.. tuna, eel, and other vegetable rolls. * the strawberry gelato was melting before they served it to me. * getting soda takes forever.. the lady took my Sprite and i didn't see it until a long time later. * crab legs are alright.. cut in halves.. nice that i don't have to work for it. * parfait was sour? why... . that's about all i had.. i was tired of wasting food and the disappointment.. so i stuck with crab legs until the end.. . ps. the big boy handling the cut meat had gloves on.. the same gloves he used to grab a whole bunch of tip from the omlette bar thing.. he shoved the tip under the counter and resumed meat cutting. never changing his gloves. health code violation?
God, Make sure to skip this one, they started pretty good but now is just not worth to go here, go to the Cosmopolitan or anything else, even those cheap ones at Terrible's....I don't know, they don't have variety, food is not that fresh and ONLY the dessert section is worth it, but this should be a $20 buffet. :(
IMO this is an overpriced buffet with not a lot of selections(at least for me). I don't eat a lot of seafood so I can't comment on the crab legs which seems to be a major selling point for them. The carving station is not my cup of tea coz its "juiced up" animals, spiceless junk and lacking any flavor, in my opinion. I cannot see how people eat this without hot sauce or spicy salsa. The Italian, Chinese, Mexican and Indian sections, plain and simply suck with limp veggies and poorly flavored meat. . . The only positive about the buffet is the dessert section, which had a great selection of desserts. I usually dont eat dessert but I had the vanilla gelato and strawberry cheesecake which were very good.
ARIA ARIA ARIA...I thought you were you were doing everything right.  Your rooms, your other restaurants, your customer service...everything was up to par until I decided to try your Buffet.  Can I say, major sad face?  My tummy was very disappointed!. . Came in for dinner on Sunday and expecting a WOW experience since the price tag was ~$39.  This was NOT worth it.  I thought a buffet was all about dining debauchery with vast selections of food bound to please the most discriminating palate.  I did not find one item I went back for a second helping.  Food was served on the warm side.. . The selections were so limited I memorized what THE BUFFET had:. . Chinese:  veggie chow mein (so bland), mongolian beef-ish item, spare rib, siu mai and pork bun.  A few cold chinese-ish salads.  (Seriously?? that's all you can come up with?). . Italian:  2 pasta dishes, a pasta bar, and 3 types of pizza.  WTH?. . Indian:  Naan, paneer, bland and spice-less tandoori chicken, chicken curry.. . Carving station:  Salmon, beef/pork ribs, lamb, prime rib. . Chilled Seafood:  King Crab, jumbo shrimp.  . . The only 2 things that I gave a star for was the desserts and the prime rib.  The food here was very bland, few choices, and way to expensive.  If you're paying close to $40 for a buffet, may I suggest:  Wicked Spoon or Wynn's buffet. . . Come to think of it, I'm beginning to feel very upset now...how a buffet can be so bad in a 5 star hotel. ARGH!
While in Vegas, you have a finite number of meals to enjoy. This is one I wish I had back. . . I heard good things about the nearby Bellagii buffet, but there was an hour wait. I decided to take the tram to the beautiful new Aria to check out the buffet. The fact that there was no wait with a half empty restaurant should have been a warning sign.. . The only thing about this meal that alluded to the fact that I was in a fine hotel was the unnecessarily heavy silverware and glass stemware for the water. After that, everything else was largely unimpressive. From the food to service, this could be a run of the mill buffet anywhere. It certainly does not fit the image that Aria is trying to convey. . . King crab legs - how could you go wrong? They were chilled and had an unappealing smell to them. The shrimp were set in a glass with what looked to be cocktail sauce, but it only tasted like ketchup. The buffet is long but rather boring. . . I'm chewing through valuable phone battery with this review, but if it keeps someone from spending $40 on a boring, sub par buffet, it's worth it. . . This has to be up there with one of most disappointing Vegas meals. . . Even if this meal had been comped, I would have still felt ripped off. . . Had it been reasonably priced for what it is, it may have received two stars. I've had other mediocre buffets, but it was nowhere near the cost of this, hence the one star rating. . . Time  to wash this sorry crab leg smell off my hands. . . Never again.
I generally don't write on buffets,especially at Vegas since they have a set standard base on price paid. However i had to write this one during our stay at the SKY SUITES in ARIA, met a group of college friends for reunion, first thing we were force to pay a 18 -20% gratuity up front for party of 8 or more. The cost per person was about $36 Saturday lunch plus tips $6 ($42) and there was no line, i know why now. Food was mediocore at best, a step above circus cirucs of what i remembered. The snow crabl legs were 2nd tiered quality and size. We are paying for 1st tier pricing. The rest of the selection was average at best. Turly a bad experience and this was my 3rd and final time going to this place. Service was good but of course 20% for a buffet. DONT DO IT, go to the M buffet, TI or Bellagio, thos will be much worth it.
not a lot of variety and range for the breakfast transitioning to lunch.. nothing wow'ed me or made me go for seconds..most of the food i only . ate midway of it all.. . i rather go to wicked spoon or to even excalibur's buffet.. . vdara comped me 2buffet tickets for it so thats the only plus
Expensive for low quality and limited choice of food....not enough staff (and poorly trained - obvious union influence)... Not even busy...it was 8:30 am...Dirty plates stayed on the table for more than 30 mns before a chewing gum busgirl came over and piled them up along with others under her arm, no tray,..... I bought  "champagne" brunch for $6+tax extra each, more than 45 mins passed by before I could get the 2nd one, and I had to call the waitress attention on it. Coffee ordered arrived late and cold, not even in a pot, straight in cup... Pathetic. The worst buffet I have experienced in Las Vegas. So long "Aria"....Never again. Mandalay Bay or Wynn Buffets are much better. However prices at buffets have skyrocketed while service and quality have plummeted... Beware.... I live here..... Been there, done them all...
Do not go here. The Aria hotel is beautiful site and a must spot to visit, but the buffet is the worst I have had  in Las Vegas (I am a local). I went with a small group and ran into friends. The buffet would not let us sit next to each other, or even the same section unless we paid an additional 18% which would have been $60 dollars - just to sit at a table next to our friends (several were open).  The service was really poor from the check-in to the server (who only showed up once the whole time).  To top it off the food was poor even by buffet standard, especially the sushi. Tried to have an open mind but even the prime rib was overcooked and thin, the salad had been siting so long it was soggy. So many better options- do yourself a favor and don't go back..   They are the first restaurant I have ever thought was so bad I would give a negative review.
they have a great variety of international foods, but the food was not delicious and wasn't prepared right. . . Their Banh Mi (vietnamese sandwich) had there had way too much mayo, their noodles were way too hard and their fries were soggy. All their foods were way too salty too. Out of all the different types of foods they had, the only one I enjoyed was the Indian curry. it was really good with their garlic naan. :)
We went the day before the actual opening and was pretty excited to try a new buffet thatwill try to compete with Ceasars......Too bad it didn't come close.. . Cons:. . - Majority of the hot dishes were cold, not warm but actually cold even though some of them were brought out fresh. - Nothing really stands out to make it unique. - Price for what was offered. . Pros:. . - Sushi was pretty good compared to buffet sushi. - The nan breads were great. - King Crab legs. . I most likely would never come back unless they get their act together. It was a pretty horrible experience for Day 1.
Given free dining credit upon check in & high recommendation from the front desk, we decided to give Aria Buffet another try since it is 're-opening' on the 2nd day. The staff that seated us promised that 'the new buffet is much better than the previous one'. However, it is still the same as before & nothing special. . . The cons: . 1) Food were mostly warm, very close to cold. 2) Selections are still limited with 'nothing special'. . 3) Not enough servers. Plates were not collected promptly compared to other buffets on the strip. 4) Our silverware were cleared as we were done when we were only 1+ hour into brunch. We returned to our table with most items cleared. . 5) Dessert bar were empty most of the time during brunch. I'm talking about 10-11 am when ppl started to come in. . 6) Super plain Asian food selection. They were only serving fried rice, fried noodles, and some other small plates. . . Not likely to come back & I'm sure most users that ate there before will feel the same. Still selections are too limited for the $$$.
One of the worst buffet experience ever in Las Vegas. It's almost like I'd rather go to Denny's for brunch. First of all, it's full price for a 4 year old, so they already robbed you there. Food quality is awful. Prime Rib was chewy, crab leg is too salty, and the rest of the food was barely interesting. What drove down the experience is our server Linda, accusing our nanny for drinking a glass of Orange juice and decided to call their manager on us. Can you imagine how rude and embarrassing that is coming from a server and they are suppose to represent a brand image of Aria Hotel? We had just spent $250 worth of brunch and they're going to lose that entire business over a glass of $.10 cents worth of orange juice. . . Manager did come over and apologize but it's way too late to fix things. . . Completely unprofessional! FAIL!!! Will never ever return!
Food selection is minimal. They put out very small portions of everything therefore the food runs out quickly and is not replenished right away. I have eaten at Bellagio and Caesars Buffett and this place does not compare at all. The staff is not as friendly with the exception of our waiter Randy! Randy was AWESOME! He is the reason I gave it at least one star! Some of the foods stay in a pot on top of a warmer and just get hard. I ate some crunchy tasteless fried rice today... Yuck! Beat part is the oce cream and sorbet selections. The flan was good. The rest was tasteless! Extremely too pricey for the wack selection of food. Spend 3 more bucks and go to a better buffett. This one sucks!
I was in Vegas in the summer of 2011 and went to the Aria Buffet many times because it was amazing. They just recently remodeled and it is half the size it used to be. the food was sitting around for a while and had no taste at all. I was very dissapointed. Almost $50 nd it was horrible I would recomend Caesars Buffet it is like what Aria used to be. I really hate writing bad reviews , but Aria really dropped the ball
Yelp deleted my last review that kept it simple "Yuck!"    So here's the deal, we came here last summer about an hour and 15 minutes before switching from brunch to dinner.  The station for omelette's was closed, the rest of the options were old and bland.  I almost asked for a refund because the food items were not appealing and I couldn't eat it if you paid me to, but I thought I'd get my money's worth with dessert... To no ones surprise, dessert was just as bad as brunch, if not worse.  The service was also way below par for a resort such as the Aria.  Seeing most of the other reviews in here, I doubt I just went in on an "off day" . Quality dining establishments do not have off days.  This place needs to be on the show restaurant impossible, it lacks in every department.
This buffet was really poor quality.  If we didn't have a credit there, I would not have eaten here.  Nothing seemed fresh and it was all flavorless.  The desserts looked pretty, but all tasted like cardboard.  There MUST be better buffets in Vegas, don't bother with this one.
If you want mediocre this is the buffet for you. We would not eat here again, the prime buffet (and were not big on buffets) would be Cesar Palace - this is the gold standard buffets for us at the time of writing this review. . . Aria had a nice atmosphere - good music, bright lights, a few choices, decent wait staff, but the food leaves much to be desired. A few options I tried were: prime rib, chicken, crab legs, fish and chips, caprese salad and many others. On the desert side I tried the butter scotch mini dessert, ice cream, pane cotta and few others. Maybe it was bad (in my opinion) because we ate late 9:30ish but even there the dinning room was packed and the food was mediocre at best. I ordered regular tea and my Wife had the rasberry tea which she said was good.  One interesting thing was the alcohol special advertised - $12.99 for endless selection of wine, beer etc not a bad deal in vegas. . . We will not be back.
The food was very disappointed..$39.99 for buffet, you would of thought the food would be great.  I was extremely disappointed with the food...very thing seems to be all dried up and over cook.
Anybody that is given Aria 5 star has not eaten at a real Las Vegas buffet.  The selection is not very good, The food is sub par, service not Las Vegas quality for the prices charged.  The atmosphere is like a high school cafeteria.  Even the desserts were disappointing.  If your going to splurge on a buffet on a buffet go to Wynn or Bellagio.
Don't waste your time. No markings of the food you maybe eating and what food you eat was soso.
I am posting my review I wrote to the establishment.. . I am not one to moan and complain about something but being in the industry I feel I need to give feedback about my buffet experience since Aria takes so much pride in it.. . Granite the buffet was free, this was a horrible experience.  I am not complaining because Iwant anything free or I am trying to down your casino/buffet.  You have a wonderful casino, from gambling options to hotel, to awesome guest relations but your buffet needs improvement, a lot!. . When I came into Vegas all I have been seeing on advertisement is how good your buffet is.  I don't have a really high standard for buffets but when I visited Wicked Spoon last year at the Cosmo, the bar went through the roof.  I never try to compare buffets but when one hits the fan such as your I want to notify your establishment.  I always wanted to check out Aria's buffet because how you acclaim that it is amazing, so I decided to give it a try.. . To start me off, how you list your food options on the chalkboard is definitely creative but hard to digest.  Digest being the board sometimes is in the middle of the option food bar and trying to distinguish which item is which becomes a little tough especially when there is a line of people behind you and you don't want to hold them up.. . The choices were not neaten and seemed a little trashy like a Home Buffet.  The food at best was par and the lady cutting the prime rib told me my piece of meat was med/rare when clearly it was medwell+.  I wasn't going to argue with her because there was a line behind me and I am easy going but that is the first time I didn't finish a piece of A1-Prime rib.  It was dry and not appealing.. . Your Asian selection was definitely below par.  Half the food didn't taste fresh and the steam pork bun was super dry.. . The only plus side was your seafood selection.  I mean it is hard to mess up cold seafood but it was the only and the best part of dinner.. . The worst part of about the experience was the server Victoria.  She seems like a nice lady but if she was doing full service she would crash.  I don't know if she was overwhelmed or was behind but it is not that hard to grab a spoon or listen to a specific drink request which she both botched. My guest and I asked her for a spoon two separate times and she did not return with one.  She didn't get the drink request right and she barely came by to clear done items off the table.  I still left her a good tip because it was a free buffet but that left a sour taste in my mouth.  I served before and it is almost an insult that she fails at a buffet which is the easiest serving job in a world.. . If someone was to ask me to recommend a buffet to them in Las Vegas I would not say yours until it improves.. . dp
I don't like buffets.  There... I said it.  Long lines. Mediocre food. IKEA tables.  So why review Aria's buffet?  Because I can do what I want.  This is America, pal.  I also visited several buffets while on a recent trip, so... I'll give you my worthless feedback.. . I tried the lunch buffet at Caesars, Cosmo, Aria, and M Resort.  This was, by far, the worst buffet I've ever visited.  Every dish was overcooked.  The steak was impossible to cut.  Bland flavors.  They did have Indian food... which was ok, but man... I couldn't get out of here fast enough.  Even the desserts were crappy... which is usually pretty hard to mess up.  If you're staying at Aria and they offer you a free pass... skip it.. . Would I go back?  They couldn't pay me to eat here. Ok, they could... but still.
very less selection, with this price total disappointed
I felt ripped off, even though we had a voucher for $33 off per person from our hotel. It just wasn't very appealing. We came for dinner, and the crab legs everyone talks about just weren't enough to overcome the profound sense of meh that I experienced surveying the other options. The sushi was meh, the pizza was meh, the Indian food was meh, the gnocchi was meh... I could go on. But I won't. Because this buffet isn't even worth the time for an extended review.
Had a horrible experience here on Tuesday. We went around 3pm & the line was okay, not too bad. We noticed that service was quite slow because there were a lot of empty tables but it was taking forever for people to get seated. The ladies at the front desk kept calling customers up to pay when the line to be seated was already extra long. it took us about 20 minutes to get to the pay desk, then about another 25 to get a table. the girl who was looking for a table for our party was disgustingly rude. She clearly did not like her job. She kept giving customers attitude, was very snappy, and kept rolling her eyes. Once we were finally seated, we went to get our food and the selection is not that great. I must say though that if you like seafood, i'm sure you'll like it - but if you're looking for a wide selection of food - do not come here.. . no one ever came to give us re-fills and no one came to clear our plates. it was a pig pen on our table. . . never coming back to this buffet again.
The food is bland and we got sick after eating in this place so we never came back after that first visit. But if you like desserts I guess its ok.
The buffet does not offer varieties of red and white meat . And still is buffet quality for that expensive price. It is not worth of what you pay. Dessert selection and appetizers are ok but . Not good main dishes. Very expensive
HORRIBLE SERVICE. COME ONLYIF YOU WANT TO BE TREATED LIKE SHIT! . If I could give it less than one star, I would. The WORST five star buffet experience ever! . They made us wait in lie on a Tuesday morning at 9 am for 40minutes while the restaurant was half empty. . The management has no sense of customer service and what it takes to run a five star. After complaining to the manager, he came up with some bullshit excuse of why he's making us wait, something to do with their system of serving. What they don't understand is that customers don't care about systems. . I just want the five star service that I paid for. And to make matters worse, the food was disgusting and not worthy he wait at all. . HORRIBLE!! Never coming here again! . . Head over to Bachhanal at the CaesarsPalace. The best buffet in Vegas. The food and variety are insane. Excellent service too.
I have to agree with Deepika below, this is probably one of the worst buffet at $33 dinner price.  This is our first try at Aria so we don't know what to expect.  We had to wait in line for 75 minutes and the restaurant was only 3/4 full with some sections closed off at 3:30 pm.  I noticed that our waitress had to cover 2 big sections and she's not even fit physically (250 lbs +).  I'm nothing against overweight waitresses but she moved really slow and didn't even notice that our glasses were empty for half an hour or so.  Moving on to the food, the only thing worth eating is their brisket and rack of lamb.  Their prime rib is too dry and the king crab is nothing special.  I don't care about the Indian and Mexican food because they're so cheap to eat elsewhere.  This is probably the worst $33 we've spent on any buffet.  If you're thinking about trying this buffet, please don't waste your money.  Just go to Wynn buffet for LUNCH and you'll be glad you listen to me.  Finally, we went to Wynn for lunch the next day and their lunch was way bigger than Aria dinner buffet at only $25.   Wynn had more cheeses than just 3 cheap selection of cheeses at Aria.  Wynn had parmegiano reggiano cheeses (expensive), more gourmet salad selections, more italian station, better sushi and way better dessert and gelato.  Even our kids didn't like Aria gelatos.  Their selection is poor and taste awkward.  If you go to Wynn, don't forget to try their bread pudding with anglaise sauce next to it...it's the best I've ever had.  Their gelato taste like real gelato and not some cheap ice cream.  I'm glad we came back to Wynn and after so many years trying Wynn, it never disappoint us.  I will never come back to Aria, for less money I'd rather eat at Paris Buffet who has better prime rib.
I love the hotel, but the buffet is the worst buffet on the strip. I was excited when I saw that they had crab legs, and at $45 per person, I was expecting some great food. The food turned out to be below average, and the service was my highlight of the evening. Our waiter was beyond rude, and his sarcasm lost himself a good tip. The prime rib was the best thing on the menu, but if you want more value for your money, I would try any of the other great restaurants at Aria.
One of the worse buffet I have ever been to.  First of, the crab legs,  no tasteless  and it's seems like the crabs are old and might have been recycled from the previous nights.  Second, hardly any good selection of food# downer.  Third, the price, too much for what it is that it isn't there at all.   take my word for it don't go, there are plenty of other buffets in Vegas. Come on, its Vegas baby!
Really Aria?? A supposedly fancy/elegant/sophisticated hotel has a Mexican station with hard shell Tortillas, yellow cheese, ground beef and sour cream? For one moment I though I was at Taco Bell. What an insult for my country. For the price of the buffet I would have expected real tacos. . . Not a really big variety of food. Even prime rib was chewy I couldn't eat it.. . Onlygood thing was the ice cream and the men that served it. He made my day. He was really nice.. .  Also, Waiter looked like he was mad at everyone. I was scared to even ask for water.. . Instead try the one at the Whynn, Paris or Rio
Ahhhhhh the famous Las Vegas buffet.....yeah doesn't exist here for me! I have had umpteen and I mean umpteen Las Vegas buffets at probably every hotel on the strip and the one at the Aria is truly forgettable. . . My first grouse....the long line...we waited for close to 45 minutes to get into the buffet and when we got inside....there were empty tables everywhere!! The ladies that were checking people in and collecting the money were painfully slow and were too busy talking on their cell phones. Plus inside the area is pretty disappointing...come on Aria spruce it up!!. . My second grouse....food labeling....it is terrible! They have food sections and in a particular food section there will be a plaque telling you all the dishes that are available there. The problem is sometimes I don't know what dish is what....how about putting the label in front of the particular dish!!! Ain't that a brilliant idea!! Example....I picked up a type of salad thinking it was a potato salad....nope turned out it was tuna salad....now if they had just put the label in front of each dish...would have made my life much easier! . . Also I am not vegetarian but I noticed that the labeling made it very hard to tell, which dish was vegetarian or not. Example, it says vegetable fried rice....but its full of pork and beef...fabulous Aria!! You just ruined some poor vegetarian's day!!. . My third grouse....food taste...overall not impressed. Yes I know its a buffet and I should not expect Michelin star rated food and to be honest I am not. But I do expect there to be flavor in the dishes and for them to taste different! I tried almost everything they had there and the best thing was the "vegetable fried rice" and the Parmesan bread....all of which I don't need to pay $25 bucks for!. . My last grouse....variety....Las Vegas buffets are famous for their lavish spreads and variety in food. I felt a distinct lack of "lavishness" here. If you are going to do less than you had better make sure that the quality of the food is high. Unfortunately, Aria fails in both the variety and the taste department!. . The servers were nice and the dessert bar was decent...but that's about it. So if you're looking for a Vegas buffet, don't come here, save your time, money and energy and walk yourself over to the Bellagio or Wynn yes it costs more but at least you leave feeling full, satisfied and happy!
Came with my family i paid for four an my cousin paid for four an they refused to sit us together they said it was against company policy with so many empty tables unless we paid 18% gratuity for serving water an soda.  Food wasn't fantastic spit 3 things out crab legs were dry so was the brisket, and ham. How can you mess up butter
Went for breakfast on a Monday morning after staying the night at Aria.  . . The good..Nice layout, located on the 2nd floor promenade, and it was reasonably priced (if you like the food). . The not so-bad..It's not as big as the other Vegas buffets I've tried.  . . Let's get to the ugly.. How can you screw up breakfast?!? Cold potatoes and eggs. Eggs benedict with no hollandaise, tasteless dim sum choices, dry waffles and pancakes, and the sausages.. ugh.  Seemed like we tried it all, and all were FAIL.  I felt a little guilty that I've wasted all that food.  But, my taste buds were not having any of it.  We ended up eating a pastry and gelato for breakfast.  A $30 meal for pastry and gelato.  Might as well just have gone to Jean-Phillippe.
if I could give negative stars , I would. terrible service and food not fit for hoggs. worst restaurant in Vegas hands down...
Visited the buffet at Aria on 12/23.  Very disappointed.  This is the most over-priced buffet in Vegas as they were charging special holiday gourmet dinner price of $46.99!!! And they charged the same price for a 5 year old kid???  It's definitely nothing special and not worth the price even with the $34.99 regular dinner price.  The food is just OK.  Buffet at Wynn is a lot better.  The roast beef was over-cook.  Grab legs were just like any other Vegas buffet places.  The only positive thing I can say about this place is the newly remodeled decor.  The environment is clean.  I will never visit this place again.  There are so many other buffet choices in Vegas that are more price reasonable with better food than Aria.  Even with my 2 for 1 myVegas coupon for dinner, it's still not worth the money.  Aria buffet, you definitely let us down!!!
