Bellagio has a lot of redeeming qualities; the lobby looks fantastic, the rooms are well appointed, the fitness room is airy and well maintained, the spa is relaxing and the restaurants are spectacular. Although I've given this a 3 star rating, it is almost a 4 star -- no thanks to their service.. . I booked a suite at the Bellagio and checked-in in their exclusive lounge. The lounge was pretty and the lady that checked me in was nice enough, but she was working at the speed of slow. She was banging on the keyboard like she was writing a dissertation -- what on earth would you need to type into a computer to check a person in? . . After checking in, we walked to the suite and we very pleased with it, the room looked great, the view was spectacular.... until a member of my party stepped on a broken needle. We called down to complain and to get housekeeping to come re-vacuum the room since we had kids with us. Some guy in a red suite came up to take an incidence report, and when he asked if there was anything he could do for us, we asked for some room slippers. To which he told us that this was house keeping's duties and we were to call house keeping directly. Really?  Passing the buck like that? . . I had also asked for a roll-away that never showed up, I called again before leaving for dinner and was assured that it would be taken care of. When I returned at midnight, it wasn't around and I had to call  a 3rd time -- the person answering actually said "oh it hasn't been taken cared of yet?".. . After the vacation I was sent an email asking for my comments. I laid out the issues and clicked on the check box saying it was okay for them to contact me to resolve issues I might have. 3 months after I have not even had an email from them.. . In general, I felt that the level of service really wasn't reflective of a hotel of this reputation and hence the 3+ stars.
I didn't stay here, but I roamed around the conservatory, casino, and Bellagio's shops. The conservatory is pretty. They had the Chinese New Year exhibit when I visited. Bellagio's Casino and shops were just ok. They are the same as any other casinos and shops on the strip.. . To sum it up, Bellagio is a bit boring for me. I do love the outside exterior and how Bellagio looks from the street especially at night. It's elegant on the outside, but it's boring in the inside just like an uptight woman...or man.
5 STAR PRICE for a 3.5 STAR ROOM. .  They didn't have any non smoking rooms available when we checked in and I was not about to sleep in one. So we were offered to do a room upgrade to a fountain view room. The view was spectacular, Eiffel tower directly across from us and we got a great view of the fountain show. The room however, It was outdated, old and DUSTY! I accidentally elbowed the curtain and dusts flew like crazy. I think I've stayed at better 3.5 star hotels before. The lobby and the casino are definitely 5 star worthy but the rooms need work and a lot of CLEANING!
This review is for the champagne brunch.. . What could be better than winning $140 on the nickel slots while your friends wait in line? Using that money for the $29 per person champagne brunch and treating your friends! Yay!. . So once we got in, we were seated in Vicky's section. She was great. It was like eating in Chinese restaurant except it wasn't our water glass that was never empty, it was the Champagne glass!. . Lot's of options, great sweet potato mash, salad wing... you name it. Definitely worth hitting it up! The only thing that was missing were some corn dogs or something.. but I forgot... I wasn't at the Gold Coast.
I stayed in the Bellagio when it first opened, and it was grand - I would have probably given it 5 stars.  However, my most recent stay here last weekend wasn't as climatic. By all means, the hotel is a must-see, but staying here and paying an arm and a leg isn't worth it. . . The rooms are not as luxurious as the newer hotels - so minus 2 stars for that. Everything looked old - the walls, paint, bathroom decorations, the old-school TV, etc. I'm sure they are trying to go for the classic Italian feel, but they should invest some of their money to spruce things up. I also stayed at the Vdara that weekend, I have to admit that I wished I stayed both nights there instead of the Bellagio.. . However, don't let this review stop you from visiting this hotel. The casino is top-class, the conservatory is breathtaking, and the fountain show is amazing. However, I was disappointed that the show I watched did not have any music playing.  . . All in all, you're better off staying in the City Center, Venetian, or Wynn for a 5-star stay.
The grounds and the casino decor are the only things that set this hotel apart from the others, but only slightly. I'm really not sure why this hotel gets 5 stars as the rooms are underwhelming and outdated. Newer hotels have much nicer rooms. Our bed was old, saggy, and uncomfortable, the furniture was worn, and one night there was even a hole in our sheets. That obviously wasn't a big deal and didn't affect our sleep, but not what I'd expect from a so-called 5 star hotel. We also found that that food was not good enough to demand the higher prices. We don't mind spending more if the quality merits it, but we found that one can eat at other hotels just as well, for less money. . . If having a really nice room is important to you, stay at a newer hotel.
I think we were all brainwashed with that commercial when it first opened, remember the one with all the water and misty camerawork with the andrea bochelli in the background? Anyway, the hotel is nice, granted we only had comp'd rooms from a friend so it's not like we had a view of the fountains or anything. I can say they do treat their high rollers with visual disabilities quite well. There's lots to do here and the location is prime. But other than that nothing special to report. I think i'd rather staybat the venetian.
Maybe I had my hopes up, but I didn't think anything much of the actual rooms within the Bellagio. The hotel overall, is beautiful, but the rooms are just average.. . Pros:. -Conservatory area is beautiful.. -Home to one of the best Cirque shows.. -Trams that take you to other hotels!. -The lobby is already a pretty site on its own.. -Fountain show!. -Buffet is yummy.. . Cons:. -Shopping areas are selective (and by that, I mean I can't afford anything near the bellagio...wahhhh).. -Rooms aren't as nice as the hotel itself. The beds weren't as comfy, the TV was constantly glitching, and the bathroom was average. I've stayed in better rooms at cheaper hotels.. -Despite the above bullet, rooms are still pretty pricey.. . Overall: Go to the hotel and look around, but I wouldn't recommend actually sleeping there.
I guess it's more fun "watching" than "staying" at Bellagio. . . Overall the hotel is nice but nothing special. Room is spacey (but again nothing special). Service is the real problem here. Long waiting line at check in & check out; staffs are very unfriendly (if not to say rude). The invoice came out all wrong (overcharged) and when calling them, we'd been placed on hold forever before finally talking to another very rude customer rep.. . I do hope that i'm just a few unlucky ones, b/c Bellagio is still a nice place to me. However after this incident, I think i'd rather stay at Venetian or Cosmopolitan.
I will put a disclaimer on my review that this was the first time I've stayed in Las Vegas, so I have nothing else on The Strip to compare it to.. . That being said, I can compare it to other hotels I've stayed at outside of Vegas at a similar price-point and star-rating.. . The good:. -room service was fantastic, even making up a special gluten-free box lunch for my partner for a trip out to Death Valley.. -rooms were comfortable, a good size and well appointed.. -the fountains were fun to watch and the pool was beautiful, even though it was too cold to swim in late March.. . The bad:. -customer service, apart from room service, was non-existent. I realize it's a casino, and there are a lot of non-hotel guests milling about, but it felt like I was putting someone out to even ask directions.. -the restaurant choices weren't spectacular, but *were* spectacularly priced.. . The ugly:. - everything smelled like cigarette smoke, which made me ill. It's ridiculous that you have to walk though the stink just to get to your room. And even though we were on a non-smoking floor, our last night there someone was smoking in the hallway or something because smoke infiltrated our room. Seriously disgusting! I spent virtually zero time in the casino, but my clothes and hair still smelled like smoke each night. . . I gave it 3 stars only based on the speculation that it might not be the best, but maybe it's better than other places on the strip? At least the rooms and hallways were clean. But, that's a sad way to judge a 5-star, 5-diamond hotel.
This is one of Las Vegas' premiere hotels so you except more.  But the Bellagio isn't being kept up the way you would expect.  The grounds are still first class and the public areas inside are still spectacular.  . . But the rooms are not being renovated fast enough.  We've stayed here many times since it's opening and very little has been done to some rooms.  Our last stay was in room 20091 which was pretty much the original everything.  . . The carpeting looked like the original carpeting--very worn and even worse dirty.  We requested to have it cleaned and they did promptly, but it was so old it didn't clean-up very well.  The TV is still the old small tube type TV.  The caulking in the shower was starting to show mold.. . When your paying top dollar you don't want to deal with these type of amenity shortfalls.
I think the rooms need an update. I mean, for the price, they're not spectacular. Staff were really nice though.. . The casino and bar/club/restaurant choices are fine, typical Las Vegas. . . The lobby is gorgeous, but you don't have to stay there to see it!
Over priced. Average food. Slow service. Bellagio really could improve the menu at this spot! You don't really have any other choice!
While it is probably the most famous hotel in Las Vegas with people coming from all over the world to witness the fountain shows, the Bellagio is not among the best in accommodations.. . During Memorial Day Weekend, we booked two queens, only to be told upon check-in that only rooms with a single king bed were available. We entered our room and were greeted by an extremely strong smell of what seemed to be some sort of fragrance used to cover up the smell of cigarettes (this was a non-smoking room). The smell was unbearable, so, I adamantly requested another room with two queen beds the following morning. They reprogrammed our keys and gave us the new room number. I went to the new room and found out that they gave us another room with a single king! I called the front desk again and finally got a room with two queen beds. Everything should be smooth sailing now, right? Wrong! Our sink had a plumbing issue that caused it to make loud draining noises every hour or so.  Definitely not what I expect from a top tier Vegas hotel, and I've stayed at quite a few of them.. . Now for gambling. One thing I like about Bellagio is that they have a good number of Pai Gow tables. Most casinos on the strip only have two tables going. The Bellagio has about five tables going in the Asian section, next to Noodles Restaurant (talk about segregation!). The table minimums during holiday weekends are usually $25-$50, versus $10 on normal days. I also wanted to play Baccarat, but the two tables they had going were both $100 minimums. I decided to play at the $50 minimum table at the Cosmopolitan. I lost a bunch, but overall, a good gambling experience at the Bellagio.
Staying at the Spa Tower at Bellagio is okay, but first choice should be the main building. It's not the Spa Tower has any major flaws, it's just out of the way, with more distant views of The Fountains & The Strip.. (across an expansive view of an upper deck parking lot). . And the rooms do appear a bit smaller.. the twin bedded room has enough space for a desk & one chair... (no other seating... 2nd person has to sit on a bed)... really not desirable for a hi-end hotel. . If it's a comp it's one thing... but out of pocket, rooms in the fountain tower are the better choice.
My husband and I are Vegas regulars. We go at least annually. We try and stay @ a different hotel each time & were excited to try bellagio.. Upon check-in I was less than impressed. We arrived prior to 3 which is actual check-in time. They informed me that I'd need to come back or call around 3 to see if they were ready for us yet. I found that to be irritating, especially when the Wynn called us when our room was ready on our previous trip. However, I obliged.. When we finally got into our room, it was very basic. 2 queen beds, TV, the usual. Our 'mountain view' as they informed us was really just the view of the freeway.. The pools were very nice. We decided to splurge one day and pay for the cypress VIP pool. This was a nice option with no kids. The fee was $150 & that literally bought you a comfortable chair. Needless to say, we won't be doing that again! . Also be on the watch for their $20/day resort fee. They don't totally disclose it to you. . The stay was comfortable. I was expecting to be blown away, but wasn't at all. The location of the bellagio makes the rating 3 stars vs 2. We will not be returning to the bellagio! We'll stick to the Harrah's hotels!
Once again this casino has a great interior design. I'd love to stay here if I had a chance, but fact of the matter is my sister lives here andI'll probably will never get a chance to stay at any hotel here in Vegas. I can't really review much about this place as I just came here to walk around and it was connected to Venetian and we were in the area.. . One thing I did like about this place is that this hotel is famous for it's fountain water show. Usually when I'm in town we always come see this show even though its the same every time. It's just cool to check out because it's pretty famous and has been in a few movies (oceans 11). Other than that we don't come to this hotel for anything else, so I can't really review this place any higher than other hotel/casinos.
This place definitely did not meet up to my expectations at all!! I was here in December for three nights and I was expecting it to be one of the nicest hotels on the strip because it has such a good reputation, but it wasn't...don't get me wrong, the casino inside was nice BUT the rooms fell short by A LOT in my opinion compared to the other five star hotels I've been to on the strip such as the Wynn and Venetian. My room was pretty small and the decor lacked any style or sophistication. The bathroom was about the only nice thing about it. The TV we had in our room was an old 37 inch Phillips tube T.V. i mean really now?! I know this place is suppose to be older than a lot of the other five star hotels, but I felt that my room at the mirage was equal in comparison. Ironically, the room rates at the Bellagio is much higher than a lot of the NEW five star hotels and I don't understand why...maybe because of the location? But the Venetian is right across the street and the room is bigger and probably the same price if not less!! The service was nice and the atmosphere was nice, but the room failed me...if I has known I would've just booked the Wynn or Venetian.
I'm doing the local tourist review today. I haven't stayed at the hotel, so DON'T READ if that's what you're looking for.. . Going to Vegas? Yeah, you're gunna want to watch water dancing to music, 1 Star.. . That garden thingy? Oh yeah, it's the picturesque place.. if you could have the place to yourself. 2 Stars.. . The big chocolate fountain? I long for the day that I can dip my hands and drink from that magical fountain. 3 Stars.
My recent stay at the Bellagio was 10 years too late.  If you are just walking around the casino floor, then it is still beautiful, with the Chihuly glass sculptures, the gardens, and the fountain show.  . . The guestrooms have not aged well and need to be upgraded.  The TV's are still CRT, the equipment is dated, and everything feels like it's been used a little too much.  We visited my friends' room at the Cosmo (wow! Japanese soaking tub and balcony) and going back to our own rooms at the Bellagio was disheartening.  Bellagio has begun the renovation process, one floor at a time, but until it's done - I would not recommend the rooms, with the exception of maybe the fountain view room.   If you stay in a fountain view room, you can watch the fountain show and  listen to the accompanying music on the TV in the coolness and comfort of your own room.  . . Know that the junior suite is not a suite - it is a single unseparated room with 2 windows and a desk.  . . The pool area is nicely manicured - but just way too family-oriented.  I love kids and all, but can't Bellagio take a cue from pretty much every other nice Vegas hotel and have a free adults-only section for those of us who are there sans kids?  Our only choices were between piss pools swarming with kids or the paid pool area with senior citizens.  We chose a small piss pool but had to scramble out of the pool when the kids started bumping everyone with orange loungers (despite the no floatation devices sign) and doing belly flops.  There was no music, just the sound of screaming, squealing kids splashing in the pool.  I enjoyed the pool cafe, but that'll be in a separate review.         . . Tip: to upgrade to a better room, try doing the sandwich at check-in. There's a high rate of success at  the Bellagio.  If you don't already know what it is, just google it.
I've been in Vegas multiple times but this was my first time staying here.. . The location here was convenient, although the hotel now looks like a little midget next to the City Center Extravaganza next door. The rooms were insanely small compared to THEHotel, Palazzo/Venetian/Wynn/Area; granted that those are much much newer.. . Snootiness of the staff definitely needs to be cut down a notch. I get that they used to be THE place to stay but I can get a much nicer room at other places for a lot cheaper without the attitude.. . I'll admit... I love the no child policy the hotel has. Getting nipped in the ankles while walking around Vegas rubs me the wrong way. Who takes an infant to the second hand smoke infested town!?. . The hotel itself is gorgeous, the conservatory is beautiful and they have huge gorgeous flower arrangements throughout the entire place. I guess that's why they charge an arm and a leg for a room that doesn't even sport flat screen TVs!. . We were lucky and they upgraded us into a lake view room where we were super high up and dead center to see the fountains.
A beautiful hotel, but the guest rooms are quite average considering you can find nicer rooms at other Las Vegas hotels for a much cheaper price. . . That being said, you shouldn't stay here because you want to stay in a nice hotel. The price you're paying is for the location and the view of the fountain from your room. The hotel is in a great location in the center of the strip. You'll have access to everything you want to do/see in Las Vegas. This means more money. Everyone loves watching the fountain show in front of the Bellagio. Why not watch the show out your window, naked in the comfort of your own room? Try doing that outside. Now compare the cost of your stay at the Bellagio to the the amount of money it will take you to bail you out of jail for indecent exposure. Not too bad right? Man, that was a horrible night....er I mean, that's what I heard happened to a friend of mine.
The hotel itself is beautiful, do not get me wrong, but you can get a lot more bang for your buck. If you're most interested in gambling, it is not a bad hotel to stay at, however, if you want a really nice room and a fun atmosphere, Bellagio might not be the place for you. It is definitely not a party hotel.. . The Bellagio has a Chihuly moral on the ceiling, Dale Chihuly is a very talented glass blower and the artwork is a unique and innovative addition to the hotel. Additionally, the Bellagio fountains are quite the sight and while I consider them to be an essential stop for first-time tourists, you do not have to stay at the hotel to enjoy them.. . The rooms are what I have the biggest problem with. They are not necessarily shitty but they are pretty basic. The last time I stayed there, my room was relatively small, almost congested. For just a little more, you could have a far more spacious room at The Cosmopolitan, with upgraded amenities.. . The pool at the Bellagio is very, mellow and relaxing. It's also quite pretty. Unlike many of the hotels in Vegas, you can actually read a book here. However, I don't really find Vegas a place to go to have a mellow time. If I wanted to read a book by a pool, I'd go to Hawaii.. . The location of the Bellagio is ideal. It is in the heart of the strip so getting from point A to point B is a lot more simple than if you were to stay at Palms or even the Wynn. You can walk next door the Marquee at The Cosmopolitan because you're not going to want to go to The Bellagio's club, The Bank. It just really is not the place to be.
I stayed at Bellagio for a whole week while attending a business conference, and then a little extra to party with friends. Honestly I wasn't very impressed. GRANTED, this was my first trip to Vegas and I work in the travel/hospitality industry, so my opinion may be somewhat colored. . . The staff is very friendly, but inconsistent. Everyone working the conference was amazing and spot-on - some of the best hospitality work I've ever encountered. Outside that, however, it was a little dicey. The front desk workers were borderline incompetent, the concierge was extremely rude, and even the casino dealers were snarky and pushy about being tipped, even if we were losing. The cocktail waitresses take FOREVER. I know they have to take several orders and travel great distances in tiny outfits, but 20 minutes for a beer seems excessive. On top of that, I had $100 stolen from my guest room and the hotel seemed very unconcerned. . . The food is pretty good. I ate at Olive and Yellowtail, both of which are very expensive but tasty. The breakfast buffet at Buffet is worth the $15 if you can eat a lot... not a good hangover place though.. . The rooms were fine and clean, but very tired and outdated. I know the hotel is in the process of renovating, but unfortunately I did not get to see any of the improvements. Maybe in a year or two it will be a whole new experience. . . I'd consider going back, but would probably try a different hotel first. If I'm paying top dollar I want the applicable quality.
I guess I've been spoiled by staying in the Palazzo, Veentian, Wynn, Palms and Cosmopolitan. The Bellagio is reasonably priced and good for the budget conscience. The rooms are dated and the service is horrible at the front desk, but housekeeping, bellmen and valets were very friendly. (See what tips do!) . . I will not stay here again, and would rank this in the second tier of Vegas hotels like Ballys, MGM, Paris, TI and other such properties. I was there this trip for a convention and made a reservation very late, hence, I got stuck in the Bellagio. . . The amenities are second rate compared to other similarly priced properties.
food was okay. a good amount to chose from but nothing blew me away except for their dessert! bellagio buffet probably has my favorite dessert selections out of all the buffets i've tried in vegas.
This review is quite dated, I stayed there back in 2005 or so, I'm scheduled to stay again this Thanksgiving 2011 and I'll update after that.. . Though from family stays, I know it's a nice hotel, swanky, for the older crowd I feel. The rooms are alright but as a kid I was really unimpressed. Maybe I'd appreciate it more now.. . The housekeepers don't go through the sheets before they take them, they just roll it all off, so don't leave clothes, toys or worse, baby-blankets on the bed, or say goodbye. I learned this the hard way, as a kid I left my blankey there and that was the last I've seen of him. Despite calling housekeeping and being re-directed all over the damn hotel, I got nothing for my grief, and instead left a very devastated child.. . And now that I'm 21 I still have a biased grudge against them...
Pro: good view for 1st time, nice room. Cons: room 25052 cannot lock, request 2 queens but got king with small extra bed, breakfast?!?!
If you sit at a table with a dealer named Matthew, run far far away.. . He faintly resembles tom hanks, and is the meanest person in the world. I don't think I saw him smile once and made my gambling experience the most unpleasant one I've ever had. Send him to a serious table or fire him please.. . He also made me feel pressured for sitting at his table and told me to go to another table countless number of times. RUDE RUDE RUDE service. I'm disappointed.
Okay, I give the Bellagio three stars for being the Bellagio. It's beautiful. It has fine, if not great restaurants which I frequent with some degree of regularity...and the most beautiful holiday decorations in Las Vegas.. . Before MGM: No kids. Now I find myself being run over by strollers in the casino, seeing folks wearing fanny packs and T shirts wandering about.. . Sorry people, while it has first class rooms, restaurants and service, this is no longer a world class, first class hotel. . . And for you tourists in Vegas, give us break in high end places: Dress and act like you belong there.
I have heard very god things about this hotel. And let me say I was very disappointed . I thought I was going to be wowed and I wasn't. The customer service is ok. I personally think for being the Bellagio it should be better.
Not worth the money.. . I ponied up and paid the premium to enjoy a little luxury for a weekend at Bellagio, but unfortunately was a bit disappointed in the room and don't feel that I got what I paid for.. . ROOMS :. The "renovated/remodeled" rooms have been redecorated with walls horridly painted with tacky 70's retro lime-green and bright purple swirls/flowers (?), definitely taking the anticipated luxurious feel down a few notches.  Everything was in decent shape and functioned properly, but the only thing that impressed me about the room was the push-button shades/sheers (wall mounted, not remote).. . LOCATION:. Bellagio's location on the strip is pretty good, but then again, so is Imperial Palace's.  That being said, I didn't leave the property for the extent of my stay; so I guess there's something to be said for the casino.. . POOL:. The pool(s) area is pretty large, but nothing exceptional beyond that.  A few of the smaller pools have fountains (these are not heated), but most are just standard, rectangular, 3 or 4 foot deep areas to wade around in.. . THE BANK:. The Bank (the nightclub at Bellagio) is nice, a decent size, and has tons of tables if you'd like to purchase bottle service.  As a hotel guest, you can get free entry before around 11:30pm.. http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-bank-nightclub-las-vegas#hrid:6xl78ZnLe3cPVEI7Nc53rA. . MICHAEL MINA:. Michael Mina's restaurant offers fine dining at a 1 star Michelin rated level.  Quite delicious, but of course, also quite pricey.. http://www.yelp.com/biz/michael-mina-las-vegas#hrid:fJ_xzAemOWoo5glLBcf0FQ. . BUFFET:. The buffet is actually really good.  Lunch was $20; which isn't bad at all for what you get.  If you gamble enough, use your player's card at the register to get this partly/fully comped.. http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-buffet-at-bellagio-las-vegas#hrid:6LQS0nrbEKAEzjBGroXU4A. . Even though I've experienced more luxury (I'd prefer to stay at MGM Signature) for less money, I'll give Bellagio 3 stars.  It's still pretty classy in it's old age.
Just about every hotel on the strip has had reports of bedbugs recently. Any of yo yelpers have any experiences tor report on the matter?
I've never stayed at the Bellagio so this review doesn't apply to the accommodations. . . I feel like the Bellagio is overrated. When it was first built, it was a cool place to check out with the fountains, the garden arrangements, as well as the shops and dining. However, since then, it's like everyone else has followed suit and Bellagio has just become another resort on the strip IMO. . . I only tend to end up at the Bellagio these days when I'm playing tour guide to friends and or family.
I don't understand how such a nice hotel can have a horrible check-in process.  It's extremely disorganized, you just look for the shortest line, and get in it, no matter it may suddenly slow down and people who got into other lines 20 minutes after you did are probably in their rooms by then.  Unfortunately, we picked a line like that the last time I stayed there.  I don't understand why they don't use the ropes, so the line is fair and orderly, instead it's crowded and there are people scattered everywhere.  It took probably 45 minutes to check in because the people who were at the front were from out of the country and had about 8 passports to check in, then they decided they wanted to change their type of room.  Now, this is not the hotel's fault, but if they had an orderly line, I could have gone to the next available person.  Instead, the employee directing people to lines tells us to stay where we are.  I did not even see the point of that person.  Seriously, a simple rope that probably doesn't cost much could make all the difference and keep guests tempers down.. . They have recently renovated and the rooms were very nice and clean.  I liked the photographs they had throughout the halls and in the rooms.  Of course, the lobby is beautiful (but not beautiful enough to distract from the line!).  The housekeeping staff was extremely friendly and they are a definite positive about the Bellagio, unlike the cocktail servers.  Good luck finding one while you are gambling or if you do see one, getting them to stop and take your drink order.  I will probably stay there again, but I know I need to prepare myself for the cattle call check-in.
What? No flat screens in the room? . . The Gold Coast has flat screen TV's (and a quicker check-in).
We stayed at Bellagio for the first time last Christmas.  My first feeling is that they're overcrowded with guests and patrons in the lobby and surrounding areas.  It took us a long time to check-in.  Our rooms were split-out to two different complexes even though we had asked to be near each other.  . . The room is not as clean compared with other hotels nearby.  The walk way to the elevator doesn't have a security check point either so it's not that safe.
A few aspects of the hotel are fantastic and a few were disappointing so that's why overall I give it an average score.. . The Good Things:. We had a fountain view on the 23rd floor for $159 per night. I felt that was a good price for the view we had. The view was wonderful! We really enjoyed tuning into the TV station to watch the fountain and listen to the accompanying music. The room was nice but not over the top opulent like the Venetian. . . Housekeeping staff was very nice. I like getting chocolates at bedtime.. . Coconut gelato at the gelato shop on the way to the pool--FANTASTIC. Yes, it's $7.50 but it was actually worth it.. . Lots of shade around the pool. Plenty of chairs/loungers.. . The Bad Things:. On Tuesday, Friday and Saturday nights the disco over at the Paris Casino is so loud it actually shook our windows and thumped in our room until 3:30 a.m. We complained at the front desk but the response was "there is nothing we can do about it." It is incredible that the city of Las Vegas allows that much noise. Really, this is a shame because the fountain/lake view is so nice.. . Front desk staff smiles but basically they do not really do anything special or try to accommodate. The other couple we traveled with thought they had booked a handicapped lake view room. Unfortunately, that didn't exist; all handicapped rooms look over the pool. She wanted to view both rooms to decide which to pick and it was almost impossible for the hotel to accommdate this.. . There's nothing cheap to eat there. We had lunch at a crepe shop and each savory crepe was about $13 and barely filled with anything. We ended up eating at other casinos. Actually, right across the street at Paris is a fantastic bistro with outside seating.. . Way too much smoke in the casino and lobby area. . . Lobby & casino too crowded--you are always bumping into people.. . Overall:. To me the conservatory isn't that special but I know it's a big attraction for most. . The hotel lobby is jam packed, the casino is jam packed...it's just so crowded.. . I would only stay here again with a lake view and I would make sure it's not during the disco days at the Paris.
I feel because the Bellagio has almost one thousand reviews on yelp I don't want to bore you with a long novel about my experience here so I will give you the cliff notes version.. The Good:. -Fully stocked min bar with snacks in room, all can be yours for a price.. -Helpful staff who are composed even during the busy times.. -High End Shopping, if your into it.. -Restaurants and buffet are located in the hotel.. -Spa service. -Pool. -Large Gaming area. -Plenty of Parking. -In Hotel Garden. -Good size bed. -Large Shower. -Amazing hair dryer in bathroom. -Quick Room Service. -Amazing view of there world famous water show!. . The Bad:. -The Bellagio is kind of a maze and when it gets busy its hard to walk through crowds of people.. -No Starbucks located inside hotel.. -Small bath tub.. -Noisy hallways, you can hear whats going on outside of your room.. -If there is a party going on in a neighboring hotel, you can hear the noise even if its across the street. . -You have to walk a far distance from your hotel room back to your car (if you rented one). -Everything is pricy.
Ugh, what a disappointment.. The hotel is not old enough to be as outdated as it is.  I'd rather stay at the Wynn or Encore any day.  We went there this weekend, and here's the breakdown.. . PROS:. The fountains - probably one of the most beautiful things I've ever seen in my life.. The beds were nice and soft.. That's it.. . CONS:. Rooms: The a/c is loud.  too loud.  And I can hear people, the walls are too thing.. Forget it, I changed my mind, I'm not gonna make a list.  Who says I have to?  Just because I'm yelp elite? Oh Contraaree, I can do what I want because I'm yelp elite.  Here it goes. If I'm gonna pay a lot of money to stay at a luxury hotel room in Vegas, I expect for it to have better amenities than what I have in my apartment back home.  The bathtub was this ghetto looking small stupid thing.  The shower gel, shampoo, soap and lotion were stupid.  They smelled like olive oil and had no lather whatsoever.  We sat at the casino for a few hours, asked for a server about... um... 7 times... and nobody came.  Good thing my husband's a professional complainer so he let em have it for that one.  (lol he asked the supervisor, "hey, how's your coffee?  You enjoying it?  I'm still waiting for one... yours looks great".  "I haven't had service since 10pm last night").. ok im going back to making a list.. . service:  Hi, can I request a late checkout?  We were up till 4am gambling money at your casino.  "We can extend your checkout to 11:30". ... uh, what's the regular checkout?  "11".  Really?  half an hour huh?  Or else they charge you for half a day.  That's not cool.. . The Buffet:  Sucks, I'd rather eat at hometown buffet.  It's old and the food's mediocre.  I can't complain about the food too much, but there was nothing amazing either.  Which is why it shouldn't cost $500 for a party of 8.
Old money vegas feel.  very upscale and clean. didnt stay but am sure it would be nice.
The Bellagio as expected is opulent and refined. The staff that greeted us was friendly and efficient. The lobby, gardens, and conservatory are all beautiful. The room is just a room. It is a hotel room with nice amenities. We stayed at many hotels on the strip and the Encore is the better choice for rooms and pools. The Bellagio pool area is beautifully landscaped.  The problem is the service at the pool. The wait staff is absent and when they are visible they do not ask to provide any service. It can take a hour between drinks and it gets frustrating when our plan for the day is pool and relaxation.
i've stayed here before, but it seems to be going on a slide downwards. the room was not particularly clean - toothpaste from a prior guest along the rim of the sink stayed there for the two days of our visit (sure, we could have cleaned it, but i wanted to see if the staff would eventually get to it; they did not). worst part: upon check out, my fiance was charged $27 for minibar (which we did not touch) and two phantom $25 charges listed as resort fees. the minibar charge was taken off, but we were explained that the resort fee (about which we were never informed) was for internet, gym, and boarding pass print-out. we did not use the gym; we drove from los angeles (thus, no need for boarding pass print out); and the internet connection was not great. what's more, shouldn't all these things be complementary or at least a la carte?
Ehh. The rooms are decent. Even though it was a lake view room the feeling inside didn't feel too luxurious as it did panoramic view at the encore. Better than having no view at all but ehh. The service was exceptional though, they keep it clean and fulfill your needs. I mean I wouldn't stay here again with so many options but it's not the worst choice either.
Smells like old people.
The hotel is beautiful and definitely worth spending a day in to look around all it has to see. However the service here was only okay for me. I work in hotels and come to expect a certain level of service at hotels that have as high of accolades as the Bellagio does. I felt the rooms are kinda outdated and made me feel like I took an immediate trip back to the early 90's
Wifi doesn't work in many of the public areas!  You'd expect them to get it right.
I don't know, might be the fact that I been multiple times to the palazzo or the Wynn, but I really think bellagio fall beihond the above 2 and the prices are all must exact,. Casino is small,food options are really small vs the other 2 hotels, the smell in the holloway reminds me somthing stuffy,. All in all the service and crew are great and very friendly, I belie bellagio are doing thier best to keep up with the competition but for this guy the only way I'm coming back here is if it's for free ( which might happen given how terrible of a player I proved to be ). Woulda gave it 2 stars but it's wouldn't be fair the service here is great ,too bad restaurants and attractions in the hotel arent as I got accustomed to.
Love the shopping here and the best part for us was the water show every 15 minutes at night and was a site to see. Always saw it TV and seeing it live was an experience. Not a gambler so can't comment on the casinos, but the shops and the views here were great.
I admit i enjoy coming to Bellagio because of the wonderful decors that change from time to time. But playing here is kinda boring. Some dealers would deal for hours without uttering a word, sometimes not even look at you. If you guys are gonna take our money, at least make a decent conversation or show some personality. Some of the dealers try to chat and joke around with the players creating a fun and upbeat ambiance but some are just like zombies giving you cards. They gotta do something about this because there's a lot more casinos out there who got dealers with personalities.
Beautiful decor but getting a little old by Vegas standards. The fountains are a big draw, the sports book has free drinks.
I would like to provide a review of the Bellagio Hotel and Casino.  My last review was on the Aria and I found the Aria an outstanding resort.  My stay at the Aria was July 2012.  The stay at the Bellagio was November 11 to 15, 2012.  I was travelling on business and had a confirmation that needed to be amended.  I tried the 1-877 number on a number of occasions and was never successful getting through.  I arrived at the hotel on the 11th and proceeded to the front desk to check in.  I explained to the checkin lady (Jodi) that I was frustrated with their 1-877 number and she did not care in the least.  She advised that she was going to place me in one of the "newly renovated" rooms.  I obtained the keys and lugged my baggage across the entire casino.  Enter the room on the 16th floor and commenced unpacking.  Part way through I went to enter the bathroom and found the light switch snapped in half.  This meant I could not turn the light on.  I called the front desk and advised them of the issue.  Again I was met with someone that did not care.  She said I would be moved and tried to swap my keys to the new room.  She could not do it so I was told I would have to wait at the room for the bellhop to arrive.  It was at this point that I would have expected a typical Vegas "upgrade" for my troubles.  Instead I was met with person after person that did not care in anyway.  The bellhop arrived and said "I guess I am here to help you move rooms.  I took the keys to the new room and moved myself....I did not see the need to endure his poor attitude why I moved.  They also ensure the move was convenient by making me move to a room on a separate elevator bank.  This meant returning with bags in tow to the lobby then into another bank of elevator and up to the new room.  Once at the new room is was as average as the other.  Simple room with a view of nothing.   The rest of the trip was as I should have expected....packed Casino with very impersonal service.  While I know both resorts are MGM properties let me clearly state...if you want a great experience with friendly service head to the Aria.  If you want to be treated like crap and be just another customer in the land of packed casinos...take the Bellagio.  Aria is 5 stars and the Bellagio needs to be downgraded to a 3 star at best.  Even the cocktails are better at the Aria...
The Bellagio needs to work on customer service with its blackjack dealers.  60% of them were bitter and unfriendly and did not even greet you (that means no tips dealers!) 40% of them were great fun despite winning or losing.. The beauty of the resort is diminished by the attitude of its employees.
Disappointing birthday bash. The sheets were muslin!  I couldn't believe it. They were very greedy-$25 resort fee plus $3 tax on the resort fee-and I could not log on with my Ipad, Iphone or Nook reading tablet. What a bummer. Housekeeping stunk, dirty glass was left with someone's lipstick (not mine) and a long black hair was in my bed, also not mine. They comped me 1 night for the aggravation. Lovely hotel is not maintaining.
I and my girlfriend stayed at the Bellagio hotel during December 25th, so this may have been a factor to consider when reading this review. We booked a room through Expedia. I will start with the good things: The room was very comfortable. That means the bed was very comfortable, the shower (we didn't have a bath) was nice, and the minibar was well equipped.  Also, HD TV with convenient inputs if you want to bring your own equipment like Ipad (just bring a connector). The view from the window was not impressive (i.e. not the water show direction). The bad: it took us 30 minutes to find parking. I should note that parking is free and probably other hotels in the stip face the same problems during peak hours because many people (not hotel guests) use the parking forvisiting the casino. Also, you can always use valet parking if you wish.  The way from the parking to the hotel was tedious. Generally it feels like walking in a busy shopping mall with your suitcases. Not a feel of a luxury hotel. There are many pedestrians tourists coming in to the Bellagio to see the water show and inside to walk around. This is part of the experience of the strip, I guess. However, this makes the place be less elegant and more like a zoo. The front desk is located within this chaos and the clerk at the desk was pretty cold to us. But I could understand that she was very tired herself from all the noise around. At the check in we were also informed that we will pay another $28 dollar per day for a "resort fee". I think Expedia should inform clients about this fee when booking because it is a serious addition to the price. I also know Priceline does not inform about this fee. This is common to other hotels and you will not know the fee until you know the hotel. During my time of visit there was not much a "resort" feeling because the only free thing we used was the internet (which btw worked great). However, It was too cold to use the outdoor pool (we didn't see anyone using it and it may have been closed- not sure). The water show which I heard so much about before I came was also not such a big attraction in my opinion. Yes, if you pass by you should stop by and watch but don't book a room at the Bellagio for this reason. Just stop by like most others.  Generally, some people may be impressed from the indoor decorations. If you come from Europe you will probably not be impressed at all.  The Bellagio is more a pretentious hotel, not schick.  This is my opinion- many people will probably disagree with me. Many others will say this is Las Vegas. But I have seen much classier lobbies and casinos in Las Vegas during my visit. From my walking around I prefer the Aria or Encore lobby, for example.
A/C didnt work that well...was kinda warm throughout the night... . Air vent in the window was taped shut which was odd... they used white duct tape  go figure.. not sure why they did this.... . Vending machine on 4th floor had super stale starbursts... Maybe it was because no one buys the $2 starburst... Hard as rock........ . But my brothers room on the 36th floor was great.... . Probably just a one off..... Still a nice hotel.. just not a good room this time...
***This is a pretty big Las Vegas hotel gift shop (in Bellagio); you will find touristy stuff, toiletries, snacks, sweets, and refreshments; they currently have a special where you can get any 3 bottled waters for $10, which gives you a sense of the high prices here; service was good and personal***. . Like most Las Vegas hotels on The Strip, Bellagio offers both free valet and self parking.
We went for the buffet. It was good. I just dont get what the hype is about. They a wide selection for decent food but the prices are too high for what you get
We're in one of the penthouse suites for 5 days and so far we have had several issues with the thermostat, tv/sound system, and food quality from room service.  And today is the 3rd day.. . The suite is beautiful, but the overall experiences leaves something to be desired. . . I did like the his and hers separate dressing areas and bathrooms, although having to leave one dressing area to go across to the other to shower was a bit odd.  But the oversized jacuzzi tub on my side is a nice touch
We've stayed here three weekends ago and we were stoked about getting a high-end stay and at really good rate. When I was younger, I've envisioned staying at one of these hotels to be like a vintage palace but only to find that wasn't the case.. . The rooms were just okay and it was just a standard room.  Really, I was holding my breath before opening the doors thinking yes! a high ballers dream stay! when we opened the doors and turn the lights on then I thought hmmm...similar room like TI's but just slightly above average from that.. . We had the fountain view room which was cool, you get a good clear view of the fountain along with the music playing when you have it at a certain channel though your TV. The bed comfort level was okay, spacious bath with tub, decent closet space and of course a flat screen tv.. . The biggest cons that bothered us was the room temperature! We set the room control temperature at the lowest setting but we ended up with a not so good night sleep man, we had a warm night! I had to do away those comforters.. . The casino level is in decent size, the club atmosphere that friday night was bumping with hoochie mamas waiting to get in The Bank (Club). Next morning only to find no more hoochie mamas but many golfer types and football fanatics during that Super Bowl weekend who were looking to eat or gamble.. . Maybe I'm just spoiled from staying at many different hotels, hip, vintage,boutiques, motels you name it, but to pay for a high rate here for me, nah! I'm just glad we stayed here it did satisfied my curiosity and there goes one for my list of collection hotel stays in the Vegas Strip.
You know, this breaks my heart to give Bellagio 3 stars.  Its the BELLAGIO for crying out loud.. Beautiful hotel, really great rooms, centrally located.  . There are some things that are not so good ..... The lobby is chaos.  The have a terrible mess with incoming traffic and the check in desk.  The desk is in a terrible place.  No flow.. Secondly, we didnt know that this hotel had a tram access from city center.  This creates a HUGE amount of foot traffic everywhere.  . Next time we visit, we will be staying in a hotel that does NOT have a monorail access.  Its just too busy.
This is my 3rd stay at the Bellagio. I really like this hotel and my mother is a gold member so they treat her well. However, this time we had some complications with checking in. Coming from Toronto, we got there very early (3 hour time change) so we didn't expect for a room to be ready. Also we had reserved 2 rooms for that night then we were adding another one the next day. They informed us that they will call our cell when the rooms were ready. The rooms we got were both DIRTY! Crubs on the floor, garbage left in the garbage bins and the washroom had hair on the floor. SO unexpected from the Bellagio. My mother was quite disappointed especially that it was already after 3pm and we have been up the whole night from our flight. The hotel was "fully reserved" but they "upgraded" us (not really an upgrade) to the view of the fountains. Same room just different wing. I will admit the view is spectacular from the rooms, better than any restaurant view. I expected a little more from Bellagio in terms of customer service. They had 2 boxes of chocolate truffles sent the following day.. The hotel is always busy, but not extremely crazy busy like some other hotels. The restaurants and bars are great. The cleaning is a little lacking, since I found garbage left in the bathroom bin in my room. I don't know if the cleaning staff just rushes through and forgets to clean that part often?. The wifi kind of sucks, was going on and off.. Will come back because my parents are a big fan.
Would not honor reservation made two weeks in advance for a smoking suite.  They upgraded us to a beautiful suite overlooking their fountain and the strip, but it was non smoking so I suffered for 5 nights. The casino area was much louder than any other I entered.  I had to replace the room key 7 or 8 times as they were way too sensitive, and although the suite had 4 TVs, the remote controls were hit and miss (the bedroom tv went to the porn movie channel whenever I used the volume adjustment).  One last thought is that you will find better toilet paper in any prison!
Check in and out was a nightmare.  Stood in line for over an hour--felt like two hours.  room had a nice view of the fountain, but was very small.  wonder if there are better deals in vegas. surprised that for a four star hotel, it was not any better than a 4 star hotel in China.  Would have given 2 stars, but sure glad didn't bring home any bed bugs...
It's a fine hotel. The rooms are comfortable and I had a good night sleep. However, based on what friends have told me about Bellagio I was expecting to be clown away and I was not. Rooms are smaller and not as good in my opinion than the Mandalay Bay not to mention "TheHotel at Mandalay" which is my favourite hotel in Vegas so far. I also enjoyed Aria more. Also, it's quite expensive and I think you can get better for less elsewhere. Location is good if you like to be in the centre of the strip where there is much action... and you don't mind the constant traffic jams around there. Otherwise, a nice experience.
Vegas Baby! For the weekend. Decided to spurge on lodging and picked the Bellagio. Good location. And, of course the fountains. Lobby with the glass sculpture is beautiful. The room was recently refurbished. Good sized room and bathroom. Powered curtains.... seventilicious phones, 2 in the room, 1 in the bathroom. Pool area very nice. Supposedly only smoking allowed in the casino, but everybody was smoking everywhere; the pool the hallways of our non-smoking floor, etc, etc.
Another great trip to the Bellagio but two stars less than last time due to a few hiccups. Our Deluxe Fountain View room was unfortunately located on the 9th floor and had a view of the restaurant rooftops; not what I had expected, or experienced in the past. We managed to get a higher floor room which was much better. It had a few issues, some sneeze on the window and a few spots of mold in the shower but nothing too bad. I was here with my mum for her birthday so wanted it to be nice for her, unfortunately things didn't get much better. . . We went downstairs to walk around the conservatory and visit the patisserie. The conservatory was undergoing it's quarterly re-build and although I knew this happened I had no idea how chaotic it was. Imagine dirt, workmen, tools, drills and the constant 'beep beep' of machines riding by carrying supplies. Ugh. Our lunch in the patisserie was really chaotic and unpleasant. Pool experience was also a huge fail as we arrived there at 3.15pm and it closed at 4pm. Yes that's right winter/spring hours for the pool are 9am - 4pm. It was 75 degrees and sunny, why close the pool at such a ridiculous time?. . The overall look of the Bellagio was as beautiful as ever but I am starting to notice a few areas that need attention. There are bigger, fancier hotels cropping up on the strip and I hope the Bellagio continues it's focus on customer service to keep up with them. I love the the personal service and, of course, the fountains so it will always have it's draw for me.. . Room Tip: The conservatory display is changed about 5 times a year and can take up to a week to complete. The schedule can be found on the hotel website. It's best to avoid construction times.
The good.... . Beautiful grounds, nice fountain. Good location on the strip.. . The bad.... . Not sure if having to wait 30 minutes to check in is the norm. Exceptionally slow check in service. Very cheap towels, my gym towel is in better shape. No wireless for the first day. Multiple calls to have this resolved. Not a five star experience.. . The ugly.... . The casino looks a bit outdated. Maybe it's the elaborate architecture of the place.
There is no explaining why you go to the Bellagio.  It is absolutely beautiful.  The fountains are amazing.  Aside from that, the rooms are okay.  What is a complete deterrent from staying there is the amount of foot traffic there.  As a guest, I do not feel like I should have to fight for the comfort of the hotel I am paying for.  Nevertheless, I do not advocate the Bellagio to begin restricting its attractions to guest only.  That would truly be sad.  However, because of how crowded it is I will not choose this hotel again to stay at.  I will simply follow the crowd and enjoy its attractions and leave it at that.  It is certainly not worth the expense of a stay.
I initially had high hope for this hotel, I don't know, probably because of the overall reputation of the hotel. We stayed here and got the normal room during the EDC weekend. . . . PROS: . . 1.)The overall condition of the facilities is very good. Clean, but kind of dated. . 2.)The casino was great. Huge, with great selection of games, with the dealers having a great personality.. . 3.)Unlike some other previous reviews, I thought the check-in process was very easy and they took care of our requests rather painlessly. . . 4.)The housekeeping was decent, but came at odd times. If you need anything extra, though, it almost seems like they're taking inventory. Kind of strange.. . 5.)And overall, the hospitality of the HOTEL service staff was EXCELLENT. (Everyone saying hello, Food service, different story). . 6.)The pool has a fantastic ambiance, but nowhere near the size, or quality of Caesars.. . 7.)And of course, the fountains!!. . . CONS: . . 1.)Given the reputation and what the hotel is trying to market themselves as, the "elegance" of the rooms were disappointing and very plain comparable to others. (I recommend Caesar's, Palazzo, or even Aria, if looking for bigger, better or comfier rooms). . 2.)The choice of foods were so-so if not spending $100+ per person. The buffet was less than stellar (food=bland, selection=no bueno) as compared to the Wynn and Caesars. The fine dining restaurants are excellent, the rest? Not so much, very, very, very plain, and overpriced. . . 3.)The Bellagio Cafe put us (girlfriend and I) on a 30 MINUTE WAIT late night, with about 6 tables in the restaurant (about 5% full restaurant), and sat a party of 7 before us, who arrived 15 minutes AFTER we did. To the point where the party apologized to us, and the couple in front of us, who was there 10 minutes before us, as we watched them get sat.. . 4.)Wi-Fi is the horrible (included in Resort Fee). No matter where on the resort you are.. . 5.)There never seems to be enough taxis at this hotel. The line is relatively short, but you will wait, because taxis seem to not like the Bellagio. Unless "O" is showing.. . Overall, not a bad resort to go to, but for the Guest base that they are looking for, there are so many better options such as Caesars, Wynn/Encore, or even Venetian/Palazzo. If you are going to Vegas to strictly look at the fountains and no other reason to leave the resort, then stay here. But I guess Bellagio has seemed to rest on its laurels and chosen to not make significant improvements to try to keep up with the likes of Cosmopolitan, Aria, Caesars (classic, yet updated luxury), or Wynn/Encore, which are a much better "bang for your buck" luxury resorts with so many higher quality amenities.
I don't often write reviews when the experience is still in process, but sometimes you just need to get something off your chest.. First off, hubbyand I had high expectations of Bellagio.  Five star, fountain hype, and overall presentation would have expected that.  When we travel, we do travel very well, and Bellagio has fallen short on a few areas.. We reserved a Deluxe Fountain View room.  I love the fountains.  On an earlier trip, watching the fountains was a highlight, and I was looking forward to a good book, curling up while hubby was at a convention, and gazing away from my comfy perch at leisure.  Well, deluxe fountain view rooms start at floor 9, and we got put on floor 9.  That means my view is over the roof of the lobby and accompanying spires, and yes, I can see it - but disappointing.  There is a premiere fountain view, but I didn't think I had to upgrade to the very most expensive room.  I was wrong.  It's just frustrating to think we were the next to the highest price room there is, and then getting on the elevators for the lowest floors there are every time depressed me a bit (28 floors I think, divided into 4 elevator lobbies).  And they don't do the fountains during the day, and I didn't realize that part, either. Enough of that.. Dining options were fine, enjoyed breakfast in the Cafe and had a good panini at a little cafe near the pool.  The pools are nice, but hitting them just after 10 am on a Tuesday morning there were no chaises with umbrellas or shade available.  I went to the farthest pool a(there are like 5 pools) and was perfect for about an hour until the sun shifted.  Lots of options, but 4,000 rooms = a lot of sunbathers so be warned.. Casino is huge, but we're not gamblers.  To me it is a hassle to have to walk a million miles from the parking garage or breakfast to guest rooms elevators thru the maze of casino - but I know they are all that way.. Check in was fairly easy for us, but the concierge has had what I consider too long of a line the whole time we've been here (3 days as of now).  We had ordered O tickets and the box office line was 30 minutes for pick up, again disappointing.. The room is a good size, but not plush.  The linens are not really up to par for our expectations.  Bed is the same, OK, but not really 5 star.  Shower is generous size, but water pressure and temp was only OK.  Tub is neither oversize nor jet in my book.. Housekeeping has been fair, day 2 our room did not get vacuumed so we returned to pretzel crumbs.  I did not use the tub, but saw evidence of hair in the drain that they missed.. And night 1 and 2 there was no chocolate left on pillows, but night 3 housekeeping came knocking around 5:30 rather insistently and handed me chocolates in person, then a few minutes later a second housekeeping came barging in obviously unaware we were here.  Odd, on many levels.. It'll prob be here 10 years before we return to Vegas, and when that happens I'll do my homework on hotels and not pick one because of a favorite memory of fountains.
Bellagio had always been where I thought would be fanciest to stay ever since I was not 21 yet, I've finally stayed there this week, and it didn't live up to my expectations. . First I will speak about just the room itself, although I did get a fountain view room, every thing was just pretty basic. The pillows were also uncomfortable, it sank to the mattress, the first night I woke up with a sore neck. . . Now let me get to the customer service part. When we checked in, it was pretty packed, so they said a double queen facing the fountain is not ready and for us to wait a couple hours. I was pretty tired, and they said they'd put the request that we can change the room day after. The day after I called the front desk, they said we can move to another room in about an hour an a half, call and check back with them later. The third time I called, now I was told the room that's been on hold for us, is "still occupied" and that they're sorry after i've been on hold for about who knows maybe 30 minutes. I find that irritating, since they could have told me in the beginning, it's like time lost, but it went to waste. . . The first time I called a lady also told me to try to check back "before 6pm". The 4th time checking on getting  a room change I decided to go in person to the front desk. The lady there told me that they didn't see anything on hold, and that I "should have reached them earlier" which I did try to all day.. waking up since 9, and called since 10am. She said "late check out fee would be expensive" and that all their double queens are all full. I just couldn't get why different people told me different things, in the end I couldn't get what i wanted. . . Also at 8 in the morning, I hear a banging as I was asleep, "HOUSE KEEPING!" At first I thought I was asleep past 11, but it was only 8, and I have no idea if it was my room or the room next door. The knock was not polite, and it did scared and woke me up.. . So everyone thinks staying here is fancy, and luxurious, everyone acting all high class, and its everyone's dream to experience a stay at the Bellagio. I finally did, and the experience, and my expectations were a different story. I didn't feel like I was at a fancy home a way from home. Not gonna be my top choice any time soon, but I do thank them for the complementary services.
Make sure to ask for the VIP air.  We just stayed there June 25-27.  The temps were 100-107 outside.  If you are not a VIP, they put motion sensitive AC in your room and it turns off when you sleep.  I had no idea what the heck was happening.  I would wake up feeling like I was suffocating in the middle of the night and move the covers.  I would then be freezing.  This repeated all night.  I called in the a.m. to have the AC looked at because our room never really cooled down.  When the repair man came, he told me about the VIP air.  I could not believe it.  If I had known there would be no AC at night in the summer I would never have stayed there.  I am sure this hotel is fine during the winter, but avoid it during the summer unless you are a VIP.  Not sure what that entails . . .  but it is the only way you get the AC at night.
I only stay here when I go to vegas as my friend loves the poker room...so do I. the rooms are nice and all but I stayed at the venetian before and I think their rooms are better.  Lots of nice things to see here if you don't want to gamble, the garden and art fixtures alone are super.
I booked two connecting queen rooms for nine people about a week ahead of time. When we got there, the lady at check in told us she only had one queen room available for us. How are we supposed to fit nine people in one room? It was absolutely terrible and some of us ended up sleeping on the floor. . . The buffet on the other hand was great. Food came out regularly and the waiters always came and refilled our drinks. I suggest going around 11-12 because it isn't as crowded. . . The pool area was another great experience. Although I recommend going in the morning when it isn't crowded but still sunny enough to tan. The only thing that kind of confused me was that all the pools were 3 1/2 feet?
I'm a bit neutral about the lunch buffet compared to their dinner. The selection was there...but, nothing compared to their dinner. If it's your only buffet visit, wait for the dinner. I was there for their dinner buffet couple of years ago, I would rate it as one of the best ones I've had in Vegas.
This is such a classic hotel, and we really enjoyed our stay here. Our room was gorgeous and we could see the fountains from our window. Very cool! However, this place is MASSIVE. I was overwhelmed. We had family on other floors and had trouble finding them, and couldn't even go up to some of their levels. Too much!. . Personally, if I come back to Vegas and I'm footing the bill, I'll head to the Wynn or Encore where I'll have a wider range of food options, especially in the room. But we had a nice time and I certainly wouldn't refuse if I was invited here again!
*Sigh*. . Though MGM Mirage Resorts has done a better job of keeping up the Bellagio than their other previously Wynn owned properties, you can see her beauty has faded a bit. . . All of the elegance that Steve Wynn put into this hotel is still there, just like I said, faded, a bit dated, and somewhat empty feeling - many of the machines and gaming areas could use an update as well but they do their jobs, which is to take your money while you wait for your complimentary beverages while trying to outsmart a video poker machine that was new and technologically advanced in 1994.
My husband & I recently stayed at the Bellagio hotel we hadn't ever stayed there before & were expecting it to be top notch since it isn't exactly cheap to stay there. I'm giving them a 3 for a number or reasons I realize not everyone's experience won't be the same. . . Pros:. 1. The woman at the concierge desk was so extremely nice she blew me away she made sure Greg & I were well taken care of at the restaurant FIX & she told us all of her favorite things to eat. Also the woman who checked us into the hotel was very sweet & I could tell wanted to impress us. . . 2.  FIX the restaurant was absolutely delicious! I highly recommend going there for dinner & getting the tacos & the fried Mac & cheese so so good. They were prompt with service & the waitress even placed our napkins in our laps which I found odd but still it is a very high class place. . . 3. The sweet woman in the shop across from the elevators. She was so sweet & exhausted but she helped us & even chatted it up with us for a little while. . . 4. Gorgeous downstairs & for the most part everyone that worked there was nice & said good morning or hello when you crossed their path. . . Cons:. 1. We got there early so I didn't expect a room to be ready right away & was told that they'd text us when our room was ready. We arrived at 7am & still didn't get a text by 12:30pm which sucked cause we still had to get ready for the event we had planned at 2pmwe also had a drive ahead of us & didn't know what the traffic would be like. So we called to check to see if the room was done or if another one like the one booked was available yet. Well the room wasn't ready it was suppose to have a garden/pool view we asked if another one exactly like it was ready otherwise we'd still wait. They switched us to another one which I assume was suppose to be like it I could be wrong but they told us to go up to that room after almost getting to the elevators they called to say go to the front desk for new keys to activate. We got to the desk & the new lady was pretty rude we told her what happened she got all pissy & said "who are you? Let me see your ID." My husband gave it to her and she then looked up the room she said "it isn't even listed on here so I'll have to give you something else like it." She gave us the new card keys & we headed up to the room. It was pretty lame we got a king size bed but there was nothing special about the room or the view we got a view of the freeway definitely a downgrade from the garden/pool view. The tub & pillows are nice though.. . 2. After a long day at the Vegas speedway we wanted to take a nap & refresh our batteries for the night out, we were on our way up to our room when we were stopped at the elevator entrance by someone that worked there he yelled "um excuse me you two! Room keys?" I wouldn't have minded him saying this but since we were the only ones he stopped to see the room keys it was rude & I didn't appreciate the look or tone of voice he gave us. I'm not sure if he was having a crappy day or didn't want to be there. . . At the end of the trip although I liked the food at fix & some of the people that worked there I wasn't the impressed with the hotel rooms or the view. I don't think id stay here again unless it was extremely discounted.
Hands in the air, shoulders shrugged, not sure what to say about Bellagio. I am a frequent Las Vegas visitor, I have stayed at just about every major hotel/casino on the strip. On this last trip the purpose of my trip was work related, at least the first few days were dedicated to business. My employer made the travel plans and booked us all rooms at Bellagio. First off it is a perfect location located smack dab in the center of the strip and all the action. The lobby is beautiful, the entire resort is beautiful and clean. All that being said I still have a hard time giving this place more than 3 stars based on my own personal preferences and experiences. Check in lines were a joke, I waited over 35 minutes in line to check in and then waited another 30 minutes for my bags from the bell desk once I got to my room. I requested and paid extra for a room with a fountain view, about $30 a night extra. When I got to my room all I really had was a view to their parking deck and a corner of the fountain pond, what a joke. When I called down to the front dest to ask about a different room they could not accomodate me.  As beautiful as this place is it feels a little stuffy to me, I like a more upbeat vibe in a casino.  IMO opinion this place is more suited for an older crowd, I think my parents would absolutely love this place, I prefer the Cosmo next door and that's why when business ended I grabbed my bags and checked in next door to the Cosmoplitan for the weekend. On a positive note the Bellagio has an amazing fitness center, one of the best I have used while staying in Vegas.
Checking in is a pain in the butt... It's always super busy, as expected for a hotel in Vegas. We didn't want to wait 30 mins for our bags to be delivered to our room so we had to wheel them through the busy casino. Once as got to our room though it was smooth sailing. The people here have all been great and the restaurants are great!
This review was for the buffet, um it took them about an hour to sit a party of 16. Then when we paid they wanted to seat the ones with the champagne deal on one end if the table and such. The food was good really yummy. I enjoyed it.
My stay at the Bellagio was fine, as always. This is the first time I've reviewed it, though, and there were a few things that were off. First, the price does not match the quality. They are much more expensive because of the name and history but the actual quality of the rooms is above average compared to others on the strip.. . The restaurants are great, albeit overpriced again, but the fact that we had to cross the street to Paris in order to get a decent lunch (the first two restaurants that we went to at the Bellagio itself were not great) is a shame. They need to feed people during the day as well as at night.
We stayed in the Spa Tower and it is a skip.  The Spa Tower is to the left (if you are looking at the fountains and it is behind the main tower.  You can still see the fountains but it is not impressive, it is much more impressive to pay the 19 dollars/person and go up in the Eiffel Tower.  The Spa Tower is also a hike through the hotel.   I would suggest if you want to stay at the Bellagio and are willing to pay a premium make sure you stay in the main tower and skip the Spa Tower.
One of the high end casino at Vegas.  A must stop.  A very large elegant casino, nice high end shops, the best fountain show ever, great rooms and a tram that connects you to other casinos like the Aria and Monte Carlo.  Next door to Cosmopolitan and across the street from Paris and Planet Hollywood. And on the corner  with a bridge to connect to Caesars, Flamingo and Bally's.  What a great location.  So why only 3 stars?  The shops are nice but the mall is small.  When you see the Caesar Forum or the Miracle Mile Shops or the Grand Canal Shoppes, this one will disappoint you.  The high end restaurants are kind of boring.  The reward program doesn't reward you.  I seem to lose here more often than the other casinos.  If the rates are reasonable, I would stay here all the time, but since they are not, I don't.  It still a must do while in Vegas.
The Christmas decorations in the lobby were outstanding, but the Christmas Day brunch was overpriced and not the greatest ! Service was ok.
