I stumbled in here while driving around burning up my $3.15 gas. Place was spacious and felt very down to earth. I opted for the fish of the day, which happened to be the salmon.. . Slightly off topic, but my server was Darlene. Very friendly. I liked her.. . The salmon came out with all sorts of veggies. I am not big on veggies so I decided I should make mom proud and eat as many as I could. I did pretty well, i'd say. They cooked them well.. . The seared salmon was good. But, the bad part was that the middle was un/undercooked. I did ask for them to toss it back on for a minute (which I felt bad for asking. I hate being a problematic customer) which they did.. . I wish that the salmon was a bit skinnier. The seared part was absolutely delic. But since it was thick, there was less seared part to enjoy.. . Id give the place a 4 star if the salmon was cooked all the way.
I am giving Gallo Blanco two stars because I have eaten here a few times, and the food IS good.  However, I had a negative experience last night, and I will NOT be returning.. . I called before I left work to place an order for carry out and was told it would take 20-25 minutes.  I made my call at 7:04 and arrived at Gallo Blanco around 7:30.  Upon arrival, I was told it would be a little longer, which was fine.  What was NOT fine, was that I did not leave Gallo Blanco until 7:55 (I have the calls I made saved on my phone).  I should have been told I would need to wait another half hour if that was going to be the case.  I could have decided whether it was worth the wait.  I am very busy, and have better things to do than sit around waiting for food that I pre-ordered.  Further, I ordered the 1/2 pollo asado, and when I got home, there was no aioli or corn tortillas.  Also, the chicken was completely undercooked (I took a picture).  It makes me think that my order was not placed until I ARRIVED to pick it up, and then, in the rush to fix the mistake, I was given undercooked chicken that was incomplete, without aioli or tortillas.  I understand that Gallo Blanco is always very busy, I just wish I had been told that my order had not been placed, or that I had been given an accurate estimate of how long the food would take.  In the end, I paid and waited an hour for an order that was undercooked and incomplete.  It will be a very long time before I choose to return to Gallo . Blanco.. 0 stars for service and consideration, three stars for the food.. . EDITED TO ADD:. . I received a very nice and apologetic email from the manager about the incident.  I'm adding a star due to their excellent redress of the issues.  Everyone makes mistakes :)
So I'll make this short and sweet. I've been to Gallo many times. The food is always good and the drinks even better. Tonight I went in hoping to have the great experience I usually have yet that wasn't the case. It was a pretty slow night in comparison to previous visits so I expected the service to be great. That wasn't the case our server was very spaced. He took forever to take our order, and once he did failed to execute it correctly, now I realize mistakes our made but try to get it right the second time for godsakes. Once getting the bill the mistakes where still on there which is ridiculous and a unconvincing prompt "sorry" was given. Me and my family go here at least twice a month and sadly this experience will prompt us to reconsider.
I understand what peopleare talking about when they say the service here is meh--I experienced just that yesterday.  . . The food, however, is really pretty good.  The guacamole was delicious;  the oranges gave it a refreshing taste.  The sea bass torta was yummy, as well, with moist and well-seasoned grilled fish.  The margaritas were excellent, and I could tell they were freshly made.  Unfortunately, they arrived after we received the main course.  I really would have liked to enjoy the margarita with the chips and guac.  . . Note for next time:  Don't order any food until I've received my drink!
staying at the Clarendon, so came here for brekkie & happy hour.. . no vegan options on the menu, but they will work with you... and without the heavy sigh or eyerolling.  had a perfectly delicious breakfast burrito that they whipped up.. . drinks are delish.. . I thought the service was good.. . this place is a scene.  don your hippest attire, please :)
If I would have known this was in a hotel, albeit a boutique hotel, I would not have come here to eat.  . . I ordered a carne asada taco, while it was small, it wasn't what I normally expect for street style tacos.  The tomato topping was good, but I would have preferred the typical onions and cilantro.  . . The breakfast burrito was a big disappointment.  It was composed mostly of tortilla which kind of killed the flavor.  Lacking in the chorizo, egg and potato department.  The ingredients just didn't taste fresh.  Sure it was night time and I was trying to have breakfast, but it was offered all day on the menu.. . I do have to say the Prickly Pear Margarita was pretty good.  I could keep drinking those all night, I just may not have a good morning the next day.
Maybe it was just an off night. Or maybe the bartenders (all 4 of them) really just suck it.. . I've been here so many times, had great service, visited with the chef as he walked around and met with customers and I've had great food every single time. On this particular night (last Friday 4/1) all of this can still be said, except for the service at the bar as we were waiting for our table. There was a rush of people at the bar so I understand that a little patience is in order. What I don't understand is what about a guy who is standing with his arms on the bar, cash in hand, standing there looking at every one of the bartenders doesn't tell them that I might need to order some drinks?? At least 20 minutes had passed before one of them even acknowledged me! Now I've ordered at a busy bar before, so I know how this works. These girls do not. Just not acceptable.. . I will return here. I will enjoy the tacos, the torta, the chips, the drinks and ambiance, just as I always have. Unfortunately, I can't do anything about the shitty bartenders, especially the tiny and clueless blonde. They'll all still get their tips because of the popularity of the restaurant, but I truly hope this was just a one off experience. In the meantime, 3 stars is all I can give because this really set the tone for my evening and it was completely unnecessary.
I was not happy at all with the food I had here, however the service was wonderful and the drinks were tasty.. . What I had:. . Sangria- this was very good and refreshing...however it was a small glass that was mostly filled with ice and tons of fruit..and was $8. . Prickly Pear Margarita- this was the best prickly pear margarita that I have had, but at $10 a piece...me no likey : (. . Cheese crisp- this was awful...it tasted like burnt cheese...and thats all it is just cheese, melted and crisped, for $7 I thought this was WAY overpiced. . Carne Asada taco- meat was good..at least the parts that weren't burnt and char-coaled, $2.50. . Pork taco- this was like a spicy BBQ flavored pork, it was ok...except I bit into a very large piece of fat and gristle that made me gag, $2. . Halibut taco- this had the best flavor, but the piece of fish was sooooo small it was barely 2 bites worth, $3. . The tacos are very small (street tacos) but they are cheap at $2-3 a piece.. The atmosphere is like retro/modern and I really liked the inside.. . I would like to return another time and experience their happy hour and also would like to try their breakfast ( served all day )
This is one of my go-to restaurants when I am in uptown. I have always loved the food...the kitchen staff is awesome. But what the hell is the story with the front of the house staff. I am sitting here on my 5th visit and without fail the wait staff took nearly 10 minutes to even acknowledge my presence...well after the lunch crunch. Sadly this has been the case EVERY time I come here. Typically there is no one at the host stand, and the wait staff, like so many, appears busy doing nothing: 5 staff walked by my table, gave a sideglance at the menu (not me) and continued on. The waitperson I finally got, only took me after another waitperson argued (at another customers table) that she was not taking another table. Folks you have a great reputation for your food. Management, get out of the kitchen and step up the front of the house
Im sad, this place isnt as good as it used to be. Its still pretty good as long as you do not stray away from the tacos, other than that everything is eh.
Good food and the place can be happening.  But to be perfectly honest, there's much better Mexican food to be found in greater Phoenix at a cheaper price point.. . There's nothing bad about GB, and they do many things well, but I'm not sure if they'd get mentioned in the top 10 for many Mexican dishes.  In other words, I'd be happy to meet travelers staying at the hotel, but if someone wanted great Tacos, etc. - I'd suggest elsewhere.
Wish I could give this place 3 and a half stars. . The food is amazing! Breakfast is delicious and uncomplicated. I dream about the shrimp tacos st night. The cocktails are super tasty. So why not 4 or 5 stars? The service is ridiculous. We'll get either no glasses of water, or 3 from 3 different servers. We'll get 4 people asking us if we're ready to order, and then get ignored for 20 minutes. I don't know what the problem is, but it's every freakin time!. I wish the level of service would match the quality of the food. Then we'd be talking about something spectacular.
The menu is not limited just Mexican food. However, that's not really a bad thing. The guacamole is super awesome. Same goes for chips and salsa. However, the entrees we tried were just average. Service staff is very friendly.
I had to see what all the fuss was about.  I sat at the bar and the bartender was awesome, very cool, she let me try a few of the beers on tap before I settled on an IPA.  . . I ordered an elote.  Well, it was good but I've had better and all the hairs from the corn were not removed and they got stuck in my teeth.  Not cool.  I also had the Naco torta.  The over easy egg was the best over easy egg I've ever had in my entire life.  That's where it ended for me, the meat was meh the avocado slices were more like avocado slithers. . . I think this is a terrific spot to kick back and drink, perhaps have some apps but the food was like white boy Mexican food, not for me.
We yelped a breakfast spot in the Phoenix area and came across this joint. 4 star average with 350+ reviews. It sounded promising so we headed on out. Situated right next to a boutique hotel, inside there is not a wall separating the lobby area of that hotel and this restaurant. I'm guessing it's the hotel's restaurant. . . We decide to order the following:. -grilled Mexican corn. (quite tasty actually!). -breakfast burrito with chorizo on the side (quite bland actually and required a lot of their salsa). -carnitas and carne asada tacos. -eggs & chorizo plate . . Service was great and they made sure our waters and coffees were filled. While placing our orders our server provided helpful information which ultimately resulted in my decision to share my large portioned breakfast burrito since I wasn't very hungry.. . All in all nothing to write home about. I've eaten at so many great Mexican taquerias (trucks, hole in the walls, restaurants) in CA and practically grew up with this cuisine that I'm sorry to report that was pretty underwhelmed with GB's foods.
Gallo Blanco sits in the renovated Clarendon Hotel, and like it follows in its contemporary flare and design. The walls are adorned with mexican-themed pop and graffiti art. The dining area is casual, reminded me of a cafeteria with its symmetrically positioned chairs and tables. The menu fairly simple. It mainly consisted of small dishes, which for better or worse, requires one to order multiple things. Most of our party decidedly went for the tacos. I ordered a pork torta as we were forewarned by the waitress that the tacos were small...and they were. The tacos, having received fairly good reviews, were a disappointment. The carne asada, while great in quality of meat, was not authentic at all. It sat in a stew of juice both sweet and salty, and while tasty, carne asada it was not. The halibut tacos were nice and flaky but otherwise bland. The items that really saved the night was the pork torta which was suprisingly big in size. Its mere size made the tacos we had ordered look even smaller. The margaritas are right on point too. And lastly the complimentary red and green sauce added a nice spice to everything we ate. For possible future trips will avoid the tacos, order some more appetizers and try different varieties of their tortas. Until I decide to make that drive again, you'll find me at Filbertos or Fiesta Burrito.
I heard a lot of good things about this place and was looking forward to some great food.  I was not impressed, but for a hotel lobby restaurant it is good.. . The margaritas were just average.  The beer selection was limited and there was not a good Mexican beer selection.  . . I tried a selection of the tacos; beef, fish and shrimp.  They were overloaded.  I am not a fan this, the filling either bursts the tortilla or it falls out all over the plate.  The beef was a bit chewy and along with the fish was a bit bland.  The shrimp taco was pretty good. I split a beef torta; it was pretty good.  It had a nice balance of filling and bread, but not much flavor.  There was a queso dish my wife ordered... I tried it, but I can't speak intelligently about it because I was a few drinks into the evening.  I remember it was OK.. . I am not sure it was hotel or the restaurant, but they have a free Flamenco dance show on Wednesday nights.  The show we saw was pretty amazing.  It fills up fast.. . I would not go out of my way to eat here, but If I were staying at the Clarendon, I would eat here.
I like the Clarendon a lot. There'sa rooftop bar, a really awesome pool, a cool feel to it, a lounge, and they have events that seem fun. My friends and I come here for lunch from time to time, and I've been in the evening a few times  as well. . . The bar service is Ok depending on the night in which you go. I've gone a lot of Saturday nights and had great service most of the time, although there was one night the service was incredibly slow.  I like the drinks and have eaten in the cafe just a few times. The dishes I've ordered are just OK, nothin' special. The fruit salad had a lot of apples and very few strawberries (yes I know apples are cheaper).  I had recently ordered a crepes dish that was supposed to have a specific cream sauce with plantains. I was disappointed to see that the crepes were covered with cheap-o spray can whipped cream and bananas! Not the same. I was craving some plantains.  The guac is OK with greasy chips, but I've had better restaurant guac. I typically enjoy a sangria or a wine.   One of the people in my group had ordered a drink and said it sucked, though. . . I like the ambience of the place, mainly because I am usually with a large group of friends. It can get loud during certain evenings. I used to come a lot of Tues evenings but haven't been a while.  Saturdays can get busy, as expected, but the lounge is a chill area to hang out while waiting for a table, and the wait staff leave us alone till the table is ready. . . I love the rooftop bar area, especially during the cooler months. Sometimes the heat lamps aren't on, though. It's open late, and it's usually not busy.
I am not a hipster... or a fan of the mod style so I didn't really like the ambiance here as much as some of the other reviewers.  They have a nice patio, though. The food was pretty good, too.  As others have remarked, it is not exactly traditional Mexican but I don't mind places that put their own spin on things. I had the Pozole which was very tasty.  My hubby and I often debate with family and friends from Mexico as to whether Pozole broth should be red or clear - everyone seems to have their own opinion of which way is right.  I was happy that at Gallo Blanco they had a clear broth but served it with a chile paste that you could add to your taste and so make it as red as you want.  Our Queso Fundido appetizer (with chorizo) was just as tasty and the special key lime dessert was d-lish as well.. . The biggest disappointment was the menu.  I was surprised at how limited it was.  I would not recommend this place for dinner.  But I am sure the tacos would be great for happy hour.  And I would love to come for brunch to try some of the breakfast items.  I noticed they had Micheladas on the drink menu and so that would work nicely for either occassion.  So, three stars for now but it may increase in the future after subsequent visits.
I really hate writing follow up reviews that aren't as stellar as the first, however, in this case I have no choice. . . I took the parents here for a Sunday lunch this past weekend, and had a very underwhelming experience, service side only. *FOOD WAS AWESOME* Per usual, but the service was seriously lacking. I am not sure if it was because we didn't fit in to the usual hipster crowed, OR if our server was tired from a busy brunch service, either way unacceptable. . . First the hostess was very nice and sat us sooner than we were quoted. We were hungry so that was awesome. We first got a drink and an appetizer from the bar while we waited. The bartender was in no hurry to make anyone's drinks so we had to wait a few minutes for her to get herself together, ok though because they tasted so good once we got them we forgot all about the wait, bloody marys and sangria! Then when we sat down the waiter seemed a little upset that we already had a first round of drinks and an appetizer. A bit rude, but we let it go. It's not like we were planning to just sit there and not order anything else. He never really smiled, nor seemed interested in serving our table. We might have seemed a bit high maintenance to him, as we had to ask for several things every time he was at the table, but if he got the order right and listened the first time we wouldn't have had to. Our second round of drinks took forever from the bar, not sure who's fault that was. . . All in all the food and drinks were great, but left feeling a little unwanted and unwelcomed, no we didn't have pink spiky hair or were same sex orientated, but the $100 we spent on a simple lunch should have been enough for them to make us feel welcome. Better luck next time I hope.
Nice atmosphere. The Halibut Tacos were out yet they had Sea Bass :-) instead.
The food is amazing and the service is getting much better!  Had to come back and change my bad review to a good one.  I highly suggest the Shrimp Torta which is not even on the menu, but should be!
I convinced my family to eat at this place (before trying it) when we drove to Phoenix to visit my cousin, so felt a weird sort of pressure eating here... . . . ***disclaimer: vegetarian rating***. . . . . Ingredients are fresh, and it's nice that they make a conscious effort to support local farms.  I ordered the vegetable taco, grilled corn, and an order of fries.  The way that the tacos are brought out was a little awkward, as multiple tacos are tightly fitted in a silver taco tray, and the wait staff have you pluck out your choice as it's brought around.  Mine seemed to have been stuck in the tray somehow, and I ended up leaving a heap of the fillings behind before I finally got it into my plate, but anyway, it was fine... I'm not big on certain grilled vegetables (zucchini, squash, chunks of corn), and wished that it had been a simple traditional taco with beans instead of meat, but still... it was light and the seasonings were good.  The corn on the cob was really good, and something I'd like to eat again, as were the fries, which came with a really great dipping sauce.. . I also ordered the agua fresco, which was honeydew, I believe.  Very, very nice.  Refreshing.  . . All things considered, I'd give this place a 3.  Not my favorite Mexican eatery, by any means, but probably better if I ordered something with meat.
Went on a Friday night and started in the bar area for drinks.  One of the bartenders seemed a bit new at mixing which resulted in my spicy tequila drink being mostly tequila.  I was a bit happy after that!  . . We were seated about 30 min. later outside.  The service was nothing to write home about.  The bussers seemed pissed off and our server was neither friendly or rude.  She hardly spoke.  Moving on, we ordered our food and started with the guacamole and chips.  It was pretty darn good.  Next, I had the street tacos which were pretty small but due to the chips and guac, way too much food.  We also ordered the french fries- bleh.  The beer selection was pretty light.  I think there were only 3 or 4 beers offered, draft and bottled.  They didn't have corona which I thought was strange for a mexican restaurant but they did have tecate.  All good.. . I'll probably be back because sitting outside in this quiet neighborhood was pleasant and the mixed drink variety was pretty good.
Gallo Blanco has a lot going for it--great location at the Clarendon, interesting space, decent prices for the food and friendly servers.  And yet.  . I ate there twice this past weekend, dinner Saturday night and brunch on Sunday.  Saturday night, we opted to sit outside because the music inside was too loud to hold a conversation comfortably.  The patio was okay.  The food was mixed.  On the recommendation of the server, we stared with queso fundido with chorizo.  The chips were fantastic--perfectly crispy but strong enough to hold up to dipping--but the fundidowas just okay.  I ate about four chips before I came across any chorizo, so that was disappointing.  Moving on to dinner, my partner ordered three shrimp tacos.  I had three also, but I went with the halibut, cochinita, and carne asada.  Sadly, the shrimp was a huge letdown.  They would have been great, but the main ingredient was way past its prime; the shrimp tasted old and was seriously overcooked (maybe a good thing in this case??).  I felt bad for my partner because my tacos were, on the whole, pretty good.  The halibut was fine but definitely benefited from the green salsa on the table.  The cochinita, on the other hand, was delicious as is.  However, while the beef in the carne asada was tender and tasty, the flavor was more like teriyaki than asada.  Still, my partner LOVED it.  We passed up dessert but we did order drinks.  The classic margarita was okay, but for $11, the Sueno Mojado *really* should have tasted like it actually had tequila in it.  Alas, all I could taste was orange.  So dinner had its highs and lows.. On to brunch the next day.  . We started with drinks and guacamole ($7).  We had no problem with the guac, other than that the scoop that arrived in a plastic (!?) molcajete was pretty skimpy for the money. The specialty cocktails were really overpriced for what you get: the El Julio ($8) tasted like a barely-spiked limeade; likewise, the El Ruso ($10) should have had more of a kick, given that it's basically a pricey Moscow Mule.  The bright spot was the 16-ounce Bloody Mary ($5 during brunch, normally $8).  It was tasty, fresh, had a nice spicy heat to it, with great olives and jicama garnish.  Definitely worth five bucks!. For the mains:  I had the shrimp ceviche (I know what you're thinking. Why would I order the shrimp given the meal the night before?  In short, I wanted to give the restaurant a second chance.); my partner ordered three carne asada tacos (guess he really loved mine the night before!); and our friend had a shrimp taco and a carne asada taco.  Alas, the shrimp was as bad at brunch as it had been the night before.  That was a real bummer, because otherwise, the ceviche would become my go-to order at GB.  But, folks, just skip the shrimp.  It's probably imported from some sketchy shrimp farm in Thailand or Vietnam, anyway, so just as well.. My partner was interested in trying the orange cake, but we were told they were all out.  So we got the Tres Leches cake, instead, and an order of the lime tart.  Both were delicious, but the cake was the better of the two, hands down.  I could eat that again every day.. So, it seems that Gallo Blanco is like most places I've eaten--figure out what they do well, and stick to that.  Next time I go, it will be for Sunday brunch, so I can have another excellent five-dollar Bloody Mary and try out the Steak and Eggs or Chilaquiles.  Stay tuned.
One does not simply walk into Gallo Blanco, the cozy, authentic Mexican restaurant with some twists worth checking out.. . Learned this the tough way by seating ourselves at the bar...just as we prepared to order some refreshments, we were approached and asked if we had been seated by the hostess.. . "What hostess?". . She suddenly appeared at the entrance, where we were promptly unseated...and reseated to the same location ina minute. Please don't make people feel unwelcome. But you didn't come here for my take on the service, you wanna know about the food!. . I had just a little appetizer, the pork quesadilla. Yay, it was made with a corn tortilla. Yay, the cheese was good. And oh my goodness, the green chile they use is some of the best I've had. Ever. I crave more now. It totally makes up for the pork that was a bit bland. Just the right amount of heat...more than most Mexican places, but not enough to torment spice n00bs. I can already tell their menu has some pretty good stuff.. . The margarita left a bit to be desired. They're made with Sauza blanco , so I don't understand why they're so stingy with the tequila. The lime pulp at the bottom was a welcome addition, but this drink was too heavy on the sweet, and too easy on the sour. Next time, I'll try the prickly pear...or just go with the (spiked) aguas frescas--the watermelon was freaking delicious!. . Also, I'd never heard much about this Clarendon Hotel before now. But I've heard there's a roof up here. I don't know if it's part of the bar or not, but it sure would have been groovy, since I was chilling here during the eclipse. I'm honestly intrigued by this place, and will be back.
Came here after work with friends for happy hour.  Specials were good.. but the drinks were kind of weak.  The agua fresca alcoholic drink was not consistent (and I'm not a fan), and the sangria was not the best I've had.  I did taste an horchata alcoholic drink that was tasty.. . The carne asada tacos were not carne asada.  Seems like they tried to make korean beef tacos and marinated it with too much soy sauce.  The octopus taco special was cooked well, but lacked a bit of seasoning and could've had more filling in the taco.  The pork was actually pretty good (first on the menu).  Also had the pork quesadillas - would recommend a try.  The guacamole was interesting (had pieces of fruit in it). . . All in all, I think I'd go back for the happy hour.  The specials are nice, I just have to find a good drink in there..
Food gets a 4-star, service gets a 2-star.  If service improves then worthy of repeat visits.  They are smart with a fairly limited food menu as this keeps quality up to snuff in my opinion.
Pro:  good food, solid happy hour . . Con: service is inconsistent but has been trending up of recent.. . We eat here often and always leave satisfied by our meal but not always by our service.  I think they're getting the message via yelp as I've noticed an "uptick" in service and hustle lately.  Any way... everything we've tried on the menu is good, esp. the cortada salad, soups and taco's.  The breakfast burrito goes well with a hangover.  Very good value at happy hour.  The roof deck is money.   I'd give GB 3.5 stars but can't so I'm rounding down until the service is steadily great.
Visited this trendy cafe on a Thursday evening and it was 3/4 full.   I orderedan assortment of Taco's which included: Carne Asad, Halibut Taco, and their Pork taco.  Service was slow and had to wait at least 30mins for the food to arrive.  The Taco's were good, and came with the usual green and red sauces.  This restaurant is like an upscale King Taco, but the quality of the Taco's are a notch or two below the mighty King.
We flew into Phoenix and had to drive up to Sedona, but first: lunch. Gallo Blanco was a quick detour off of the 17 via the 10, and it's easy to find if you have a smartphone or a GPS, but it would be hard to find just with eyeballs and a compass.  We sat in the shade on the patio. Our friend said he'd just have a coke, but instead ordered two tacos - he went insane that night, and in retrospect his waffling on tacos vs. coke may have foreshadowed what was to come. I had three tacos - pork and tuna, my wife had a couple of tacos and a salad, and I had a side of guac. The waiter warned me that the side of guac didn't come with chips, but then another waiter brought out chips anyway, so it all worked out. A note about the pork tacos in Phoenix: they are fruity. There's pineapple in the al pastor, like more than I'm used to, so be aware of that if you're coming from a city where you've grown used to not-too-pineapply al pastor. Overall everything was delicious and it's worth seeking this place out if you're in Phoenix.
The food was beautiful and appealing. Unfortunately, I felt as though the aesthetics of the food packed more punch than the flavor. The tortillas were fantastic and so was the guacamole but everything else didn't hold up to the promise of those. I will most likely come back to see if perhaps the kitchen was just having an off night.
I'll just get this out of the way:  the only reason I am giving less than 4 stars is because of the service.  The food, on the other hand, is incredible.  Dare I say Best.Guacamole.Ever.? Oh, it's definitely up there. . . We came in for lunch.  It was busy, but not "every table is seated" or "there's a wait" kind of busy.  It was...lively.  We were seated immediately, however we waited for OVER 10 minutes for anyone to even come up to our table.  We finally got a server's attention, and she really was sweet and apologetic. We ordered and she promised to get our order up on the fly.  From that point on, we must have had 4 different servers.  One took our order, one brought us our order and helped us put in another order of the guac to go, one brought our bill, and one broke my change.  It just started off all janky because we were sort of this orphan table, then we had several servers.  It just made for an uneven experience.. . But the food! Whooooweee. I've never had guac like theirs before - chunks of orange, cojita cheese, tons of cilantro...the works.  They really nail it. My co-worker and I split the halibut tacos, cochinita tacos and chicken chilaquiles.  I would have been a bit happier to see a larger portion of fish in the taco, as all that came with it was a tiny piece.  But everything was cooked perfectly, spiced and seasoned perfectly and delicious.  The red salsa/sauce at the table had a great amount of kick.  The green was more mild but just as flavorful. Cochinita pork taco melted in your mouth, and the chilquiles with the fried egg on top (seriously, fried egg on anything is a win) were hearty but not heavy just loaded with amazing flavor. Loved them.. . I am definitely willing to give them a shot to redeem the poor service.  I understand people have their off days.  And while better attention could be paid, it's cretainly not as if we were being purposely ignored. I wish I would have gotten our servers name who took our order - she brought this review back from 1-2 stars.
The food was tasty and the happy hour very reasonable, but my father ordered a rum and coke during happy hour and I think the drink cost 8 dollars. I was surprised to see how expensive it was on the tab. The well rum was captain Morgan (not that good- 14 dollars a bottle). So Gallo charged 60% of the bottle cost for a shot of rum. Seriously? .    The restaurant felt odd, but I can't put my finger on it. I probably will not return.
Found this place for lunch through Yelp -- Thanks, Yelp!    I was a little nervous of what the restaurant was like by the loud almost club-like music being pumped into the parking lot, and it was a little loud in the restaurant itself, but I was happy when my chicken asada came on a heaping pile of very fresh local veggies, that were cooked nicely (still a bit crisp, not squishy and over done).  The chicken itself was still moist and sauce that came with the chicken was really yummy too.   . . I'd go back if I'm in the area again and looking for more upscale/healthy Mexican.  One of my gripes with Mexican food is that it generally isn't laden with vegetables, so I was so pleasantly surprised by the quality and quantity of the veggies that came with my dish. (baby carrots, zucchini, mushrooms, onions, and fresh sweet corn that I could tell was cut off of the cob - yay, that makes me happy!).  The salads that other diners were eating looked delish too, so if you like to eat fresh veggies, give this place a try.
I'll always come here when in town but it's only for the guacamole. It's ridiculously good!. . That said, the service is always terrible. Forgetful sometimes, but irritated and rude always. I come to Phoenix 3 or 4 times a year and always stay at the Clarendon, so I've eaten here probably 15 times since they opened. Either the servers are unhappy or they don't like me in general. . . Not for nothing but I know me, and I'm pretty easy to like, so I'm guessing it's something else. . . The cocktails are fine, prices are great, but someone get the staff some Xanax or something.
Fantastic guacamole. Delicious Natos. A little out of the way to get to.
I'll just relay back what everyone else is saying.. . The food is absolutely kickass.. . The service makes me never want to come here again.. . Seriously, 539 reviews? You know what you guys are getting yourself into. Don't expect to be taken care of by the servers, but come hungry and get the tacos, for Crissake!!!
Good diggs - service isn't great but its alright I guess.  THE CORTADA SALAD IS MY FAVORITE SALAD in the WORLD!!!!! Try it try it try it, I feel healthy while satisfied when I'm halfway eating that salad.  It's fantastic!!  The cheese tower/chicharron de queso is....interesting.  I didnt mind it but have gone with a group of people,  who really enjoyed it and called it "una cosa bien especial".  I didn't exactly like that they don't offer complementary chips and salsa, and also the carne asada was a bit dry/overcooked.  The Torta with the fried eggs on top is sssooo flirtatious so I'll try that next time and I'm psyched!  Oh also, the Prickley Pear Marg is juice - if you're an alkie, just stick with beer, they can't really get that wrong.  Overall its ok, I guess if you like to explore different flavors - which I'm glad/proud they offer.  It's a good spot, I'd definitely recommend!  Have fun tasting all their yummy stuff and their bland stuff too!!  Enjoy!
Food is fantastic, service can be anywhere from good to horrible. If you're leery of hipster service, this place may reinforce that opinion.
I have heard such rave reviews that I was really looking forward to going.. . The place was loud, hot and well.. loud.. . It was unfortunate that I was there for a meeting. I only heard about 2/3 of the conversation at my table.. . The service was great and they kept my water filled (which was great considering how warm I thought it was inside the space). The food was timely. Not exactly an authentic Mexican treat, but good... except the huge hunks of citrus in the guacamole.. smaller pieces of citrus would have been much more prefered as the taste was interesting enough to eat.. . The cochinita torta I had was good, the meat was tasty though extremely soggy. Good thing they wrap the torta up in paper!. . Someone at the table had the chicharron de queso, which came out like a huge tower but I find that the price they asked for melted cheese with a hipster presentation was a bit much. It was OK, though chicharron is not a name I would give it.. . Someone at the table ordered ceviche, which I did not taste, but looked like run of the mill gringo ceviche to me.. . Will I be back? I would only suggest it if I needed to be with a bunch of people I don't want to listen to.
Sitting by the pool and having beverages is amazing. . . The tacos definitely need some work.  It is very trendy. . . My friend uses it as his go to first date spot.
Great food, had several different kinds of tacos and grilled Mexican corn.  All was delicious but it was super hot in that tiny place, very uncomfortable.
I have been to Gallo Blanco several times and I really enjoy their food. Unfortunately, I have grown not to enjoy their atmosphere!  The place has grown in popularity over the years, deservedly so, but at the cost of long waits and a loud crowd.. Leave this place to the younger crowd or go in at some off time
Let's start from the beginning shall we. Once upon a time in a wiped out section of Phoenix you find a quaint's little restaurant attached to a hotel under construction. Actually, my GF had eaten at this place recently so her recommendations brought us here, & Yelp maps of course. My first impression of this place leaves me a little less enthusiastic to recommend it to friends. They are going with the open ceiling commercial restaurant look but there is so much going on that it makes it look like it's under construction. Piping and conduit everywhere.... We find ourselves standing in front of the greeter and she looks at us with a dumb look on her face like she's not sure why we are there. After I finished joking about picking out a nice set of drapes for the living room, I asked for a table for two. She puts us at a table that's in a really bad location so I kindly asked to be moved. There was a table that sat 4-6 so she decided to ask us to wait to clear a table that was smaller for us. So we sat in the waiting area and reviewed the menu while she sat down and enjoy her lunch at the bar. When she was done we tracked her down and asked her to please provide us with a table so she finally found the courage to remove the leftover food from the table she wanted to put us out. Mind you, at this point there were other tables available, but we just went with the flow. Saving grace was the waiter and the food my GF had been raving about. The waiter was prompt and very friendly. We appetized the guacamole, chorizo and chips with salsa. The passionfruit iced tea & Agua Fresca for the day was thirst quenching. The main dish - here's where I will rave about adding a potential "if it was your last meal scenario" to my portfolio of Last meal on earth choices. We had the Naco Torta. A delicious masterpiece if I must say. Avocado, Carne Asada, fried egg with lettuce packed in a exquisitely tasting bun. I really don't like bread so when I say these buns were delicious that's like little cherubs from Heaven coming down singing hallelujah. Hahaha! I will eat from this place again but I will be highly considering pre-ordering and eating my meal elsewhere.
Someone recently recommended Gallo Blanco to me, so I was excited when friends invited me there for happy hour on Labor Day. The food and drinks were good, but the service was absolutely terrible. We had to wait over 20 minutes, and ask for a server twice, before we finally gave up and ordered drinks at the bar. After drinks, guacamole, and some tacos, we got our check and split it up on a couple cards. After 10 minutes, our cards and check came back with our server telling us we still owed $33 dollars. We looked at "our" check and saw she had confused us with another table. Unapologetically, she took our cards again, voided them and reran them. It took another 10 minutes, maybe not a big deal, but I had a friend to get to the airport and was annoyed by the whole situation. I couldn't decide if I should give them 2 stars or 3, because the food was okay, but I won't return anytime soon.
This place has some tasty food (Veggie Tacos are spot on) but the last 3 times I have gone I have found the service is lacking.  It has not been terrible by any means, but it takes much too long for your order to be taken, drink refills, check, etc.   Each time I've been waited on by someone new and on different days of the week when it hasn't been terribly busy.  Superb grub, subpar service.
I was eating some delicious food, namely the Naco Torta with over easy eggs, when I started hearing loud banging and screaming coming from the waiting area. Apparently they have a band that performs at 7PM on Wednesday evenings, and apparently that band does not do sound checks before their wailing.  Hey they may be great, but the screeching and banging overshadowed even my food.
