Pulled pork sandwich was excellent.Baked beans had way too much black pepper,and the portion was extremely small for $2.00.Some of the prices are very high,28.00 for a full rack of baby backs?The guy that took my order said they would be using larger containers for the sides soon.As another poster said the staff is very friendly.I will definitely go back,its close to my work,and i would like to try some other menu items.
Still searching for that "BEST" bbq joint. I think i've come to the conclusion im just not a big BBQ guy. For what it is though, Rollin Smoke BBQ was good
Okay, so my son and I went to RS last Friday night. He got the Biggin' and I got the 4 Rib plate. And that where things got crazy........... . It's been 5 days and I am still struggling to figure out where to go with this review. Some of what happened was 5 stars and more. Some of what happened was 1 star and less. So I will keep it simple; my son's Biggin' was incredible! My 4 rib combo was okay. I would have liked more flavor, both smoke flavor and seasoning flavor. The service was a mix of being both incredibly entertaining and incredibly bad.. . Bottom line; although our visit didn't go as well as i would have hoped, when all was said and done they did their best to make things right. It's a great little "mom and pop" Q joint that is feeling the blessing/curse of yelp and LV weekly notoriety. I have no doubt they will pull through and I have no doubt I will be back.
Good barbecue in an unexpected place.
3 stars A-ok. The location kinda creeped me out being in the shady gentlemans club part of town. The ambience was pretty down to earth. and The food was all right. It wasnt the best bbq I have ever had but its far from the worst. The only real complaint I have is that I smelled of smoke after eating. I guess its true to the name rolling smoke. Good but not great.
The food was decent and the staff was very friendly and helpful.  We went there around 9:30 on a Friday night.  The meat was dried out.   I would recommend going earlier when the food is fresh and it would probably live up to the high ratings others left.
The restaurant is in a very odd industrial area near auto shops, strip clubs and warehouses, and is probably the only one in the area. You walk in to a haphazard restaurant with not much of a front counter, but instead a confusing podium to order at with no one standing there most of the time. The menu is on a wall kind of near this podium, so you better know what you want before you walk over to order. There are a handful of two, four and large top tables between the two awkwardly cramped rooms of this place, sparsely decorated with a few down lights and some reclaimed wood on the walls. You can tell it was thrown together cheaply, but it seems to fit with the homegrown feel of backyard BBQ. The great smell of smoke fills the space the whole time you sit there, and never really fades away while you're there or from your clothes when you leave.. . The menu features pretty much all the standards you would expect from a BBQ joint, but as I said I was suckered into ordering their Outlaw Burger: brisket, onion, bell pepper, onion strings, red cabbage slaw, lettuce, tomato, cheddar cheese and chipotle aioli. I'm skeptical of any BBQ place that can't get sweet tea right, so I was nervous about this thing given the somewhat flavorless tea I sat with while waiting for my burger to arrive. And what came out was just too big to enjoy; the patty alone is a thick mass of meat that's possibly a bit overcooked just because of its size and how long it has to cook. The bun was far too small and thin to hold up to this mess, even with a decent helping of lettuce at the bottom to create a buffer from any sauce. Probably the best flavor in this whole thing were the onion rings, which tasted far better on their own than in the burger where they got lost in the myriad of flavors. The huge glob of cheese had good flavor, but like most other things in this burger there was just a bit too much of it. As for the aioli, slaw and other items, I couldn't really tell you much because I didn't notice them enough. I think if this were your typical 1/4 or 1/3 pound burger it would probably be pretty good, still a far cry from the best burger in Vegas as they've claimed, but maybe in the upper half. But like my recent complaints about a huge burger in San Diego, this is just too much to properly enjoy.. . Something extremely puzzling and disappointing for me was the complete lack of fries with my burger. Looking at their menu online now, apparently the $8.99 "smoking deal" for the Outlaw Burger is a deal for just the burger, you have to read the small print at the bottom where it says to add $3 for a side and drink. I wish the guy that took my order would have said something as I spent $2 for just my iced tea expecting the fries that were in the picture with my burger. What burger doesn't get ordered with fries?! I guess maybe one of this size, as I surely wouldn't have been able to finish it if I ate anything else, but fries are almost always a necessity. For $11.88 I certainly got a lot of food, but I don't know if it was worth the cost or stomach bomb. I have a feeling that you should stick to the true BBQ that this place is known for, and not their "best burger". I know I'll be back to test this theory.
Went back for my second try.   Better this time, but not great!  The workers are all very nice!. . Again, I got takeout. Brisket was ALL fat and inedible!!  Beef rib was small, but thick; had good flavor, but the top was too charred and crusty.. . The pulled pork and dark-meat chicken was wonderful!  I don't usually order hushpuppies, because I think they're dull. I heard there's had a "kick"-I wasn't disappointed with that!. . The sauce was fabulous!  It is very spicy, which I like.  If you don't like the heat...stay out of this kitchen!  I think they must give the questionable stuff to takeout customers so they don't have to hear you complain.. . Not sure I'll go back.
This was pretty good barbecue. The service was top notch. I had the all you could eat so I could sample. I had the catfish, ribs, chicken, and shrimp. Sides were Mac and cheese, and beans.. . Catfish could have used some more seasoning.. Rib meat fell off of the bone.. Chicken was good, but skin was a little tough. Shrimp was delicious.. I have had better beans. But I was surprised by the Mac and cheese. It was very tasty.
So I decided to quit my job, and as a "victory" lap, I came directly to Rollin Smoke to get my mind off my troubles.  I asked for the trio meal, with brisket, pork and baby back ribs, but they refused me.  They said they could add the baby backs to the duo meal for an extra $6.  Not wanting to get off the "high" of quitting my job, I relented.. . This time I asked for no greens and they obliged.  When the meal came, the food was cold. (It was about 7:30pm; they close at 8:30.)  I tried not to let it get me down.  The $6 baby backs amounted to exactly two (2) bones.  And I'm not even quite sure I got the baby backs, because they were meaty and chewy (and cold), resembling St. Louis ribs (which I could have gotten at a discount).  Anyway, that's not my biggest complaint.  This time, for some reason, I found the BBQ sauce to be very spicy.  I don't recall it being spicy the first time around (otherwise, I would have marked it down).  So for those of you keeping count -- I recommend the brisket and the pork but NOT the "baby back ribs" -- and also, come here during lunch, when the food is presumably fresher and hotter.  Aside from that, I think I'm done here.  Not that I can afford to eat anymore, now that I'm an unemployed bum.. . Merry Christmas.  I'm going to kill myself.
Barbeque is dear to my heart - wait, I done said that before ain't I? Damn, I'm starting to sound like a broken wagon wheel. Well hell, I ain't ashamed to say it - I love me some barbeque!    Yeehaw!. . I spent a good bit a time in Texas, so it ain't no surprise Texas barbeque ranks up there on my list of the some of the best eats this here world's got to offer - brisket, ribs, sausage and of course, smoke. There's this little barbeque shack in Austin that smokes its brisket for 16 hours, can you believe that - 16 hours? It comes out crispy and as black as coal on the outside but just as juicy as all get out on the in, with the prettiest pink smoke ring, it just about makes you wanna cry. Why, I spect it's about as close to heaven as one could ask for. The fella who runs this place is a real arteest - leavin' just the perfect amount a fat to make that brisket as moist as a Guadalupe mud pie. Anyway, when I thinks of barbeque, well, that's what comes to mind.. . So it ain't no surprise to the folks that knows me that Rolling Smoke Barbeque just doesn't cut the brisket - or rather, it cuts too much of the brisket. Where's my crispy, burnt, smoky edge, where's my juicy, tender beef, and where's my smoke ring - what the hell did you do with my smoke ring? Boy, angels is weeping in Amarillo.. . Now don't get me started on them there sausages - they's got so much flavor, why did you have to go and overcook it like that? I mean this stuff was drier than a West Texas desert. It's a good thing them corn fritters was damn tasty (course, I'd had better) or I'da went to bed hungry that night.. . Okay, I'll admit it, for Vegas this shit ain't bad - hell it just might be the best barbeque joint in town, but that's no damn excuse. . . For pete's sake stop cutting off the good stuff  for dem sissy-pant  intellectual types from Henderson. They's so terrified of this part of town anyway, they drive in and out of here so fast you'd think their asses was on fire. . . This is barbeque dammit! People's food. We knows its got fat, we knows its got calories, we knows it ain't healty, but that's the way we likes it - if we's wanted healthy we'd go to Henderson. Besides, it'a give us a chance to put a scare in dem locals up there.. . Shit gets a 3 cause this is Vegas, but don't go thinkin I'm all happy or anythin'. Ya'll make me miss Texas.
I wanted to like this place. Came very highly recommended, but fell very short! I think I'm being generous with 3 stars. Would not recommend or go back. . . More details coming, but Barbie's review is dead on. Bland, not tender. Owner or dude in front was nice. Employee was last with a simple question.
