This town is lacking a really fantastic breakfast spot. There are a few places that have just ok breakfast and every time I hear a rave review, I have to admit I get my hopes up... but always feel let down. Egg & I is one of these places. . . I'm not sure if breakfast expectations are too high or if I'm just that hard to please. . . The food here is just ok. The wait is always crazy for weekend breakfasts and once you finally get seated, the service is pretty slow, or at least this is what I've become accustomed to on my visits there. The eggs are ok here. Pretty standard and so are the sweet dishes. My least favorite breakfast item are those darn breakfast potatoes they serve. They are overly seasoned and are a very unappealing orange color. In this case, they taste better than they look doesn't really apply. They are overly salty and not a great texture either. I love potatoes and these are just not doing it for me. . . The other food is standard fare, so you're probably safe with anything you order, just stay away from those potatoes.. . Good for breakfast, just nothing mind-blowing.
We walked right in on a monday morning for breakfast and the food came quickly!  The potato's were amazing!  Highly recommend hitting them for a very satisfying breakfast!
Good breakfast place but not unlike most places you get eggs and coffee.  Food was good and came out very quickly, I didn't particularly care for the side of potato hash that come with the meal. The staff is attentive but not overbearing seeing as how they are so busy and they have a little egg dude on the table that frowns when you flip him over so you can get service ASAP. A solid 3 stars.
My sister and I had been pretty excited about coming here after reading all about it on Yelp.  It seemed to be really busy with lots of people waiting outside (on a Sunday afternoon), but we luckily only had to wait about 10 minutes before we were seated.  . . Our server was super nice.  She really helped elevate the entire experience.  When we asked for banana nut muffins to go with our entrees, she asked if it was our first time there.  We told her yes and she said the muffins were free for first timers!  Hope that's true and I'm not getting anyone in trouble by posting that info here.  . . I ordered the Eggs Benedict Florentine & it came with those little (obviously frozen) and highly seasoned potatoes.  Overall I enjoyed the dish, but there was so much Hollandaise sauce that the English muffin got pretty soggy and the ham was really quite bad.  It was cut in thick slices and was very rubbery.  It almost tasted canned or something.  I took the ham off and it was much better that way.  However, the whole thing was a runny, saucy mess.  The poached eggs were cooked perfectly though.  My sister unfortunately didn't enjoy her blueberry pancakes too much.  This might sound strange, but they were way too fluffy for both of us & just didn't taste that great.  We both loved the muffins though.  That very well may have been the best part of the whole meal.  . . Despite the rubbery ham, I'd definitely come back.  The service was excellent and I feel confident that we'll both be able to find other dishes on the menu that suit us better.  Plus.... those banana nut muffins!  You'd be a fool not to try one.
My expectations were high after seeing and reading the reviews on Yelp. . The inside was clean and cozy looking and they had several flat screens. . . My order the corn beef with scrambled eggs and the banana nut muffin. . The food didn't WOW me. The corn beef was average although it was home made, muffin was cold and the potatoes tasted deep fried with a to much seasoned salt. The pineapple slice and honeydue were juicy and a nice extra to the plate.. . Service was good and attentive here but I probably would not return here.
Great breakfast here the first time we ate at here, but the second time seemed like the staff was either overworked or very inexperienced.  Our table of 10 didn't have a waitress at it for 10-15 minutes, the food was good though, albeit it that too came out extremely slow.  Overall it was a good experience, but we'll see the if we come here a third time or not...
This place is egg-cellent if you are looking for an egg-traordinary breakfast that deals with eggs. Even though I am not much of an egg eater, I found it to have a nice balance between the sides and the main egg dish. A little crowded but hey, if you love eggs then try this place out.
The reviews on this place really set the bar high for me.   I was slightly disappointed.  The food is good diner food, but the reviews set me up for something else.  The service was fine and the best part of my meal was the thermos of coffee placed on the table next to me.  Low maintenance food that probably tastes great after a night out on the town...
Huge portions, quick service, pretty good food, grumpy waitress!. . The muffin we took to go and ate it on our way back to California, and it was delicious, warm or cold, quality is quality!
The best thing about Egg & I is the seasoning that they put on their potatoes!  It's fantastic!  Large portions, and otherwise pretty tasty breakfast food.  I love that they give you the whole carafe of coffee!
I'm ready for brunch now. :) The banana nut muffin was amazing though. Especially with butter. mmm...
Okay, went to this place on a friend's recommendation, who grew up in LV.  Easy location just west of the strip. Went on a Wednesday morning, got seated right away. . IMHO, nothing special. Got an egg white veggie omelet.  Pretty plain, though I saved it with ketchup!  Was going to get the stuffed . French Toast, but I love a good omelet.  Just okay here.  Home-style potatoes were good, though they tasted like they had been sitting in the warmer instead of freshly made. Not really large portions.  I did enjoy the banana nut muffin and got one to go.  A friend had huevos rancheros and he really liked it. . Would I go back?  I doubt it.  Too many places in Vegas that have better service and better food.  Maybe the lunch is better. Maybe if I were a meat eater.  Maybe it was just a bad day.  Oh well.  But for me, if you want a place that has better ambience, HUGE portions and a menu that is like a book, go to Hash Hash A Go-Go.
This is a nice place to take the family to eat the food is nothing special there price range is alright but they seem to always have so many people there and there staff cant handle it they might forget some stuff.
Didn't care for the blackened prime rib benny.  The meat was diced & the red peppers made it sour :(
Went to the Egg and I today with my family! I am delighted that they have wifi here! It is very convenient. :) I think the dishes are a bit pricey and so I ordered the side dishes in the back of the menu such as the bagel with sour cream, ranch potatoes, and two eggs! The atmosphere in the place is lively and comfy. The servers seem friendly and the music in the background is decent. After finishing my food, I thought the bagel was okay, I could find better at Winco! :P The ranch potatoes did indeed taste like ranch, but I am not a fan of it! Also the eggs were fine! I just love eggs. Overall the taste of the food was just okay. Nothing spectacular about the place.
We are tourists (Vegas) and found this place via Yelp. Thank's yelper's ..... keep yelping!. . If I was a 300# football player I could have finished my meal. The food was good but a bit to plentiful for our tastes. I liked the happy / sad face egg flippable sign to alert the serving staff of service status.. . The most impressive attribute I found was the staff seemed so happy, positive and upbeat! . . Judging from the level of activity, this place does a great deal of business and I wish them the best. For some constructive criticism ..... investing in some better quality flatware will elevate the perception of quality and will do much in justifying the relatively high prices.
I normally like this place, but I was just a little disappointed with my last visit. I came here with Don, but I really wasn't very hungry, so I just ordered a cream cheese danish. Don ordered some sort of potato soup and a tuna salad sandwich. His meal was pretty good, especially the very hearty soup. However, my danish was very floppy and seemed kind of soggy. I could completely fold it taco style because it had no "crisp" to it at all (http://s3-media2.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/dk70gFzNfCOjgd3aN7N0_w/l.jpg). I'd normally give this place 4 stars, but I have to dock off a star because of the danish. I would think a danish would be pretty simple. Everywhere I go, they're all the same, but Egg & I managed to make a pretty bad one.
This place was pretty good.  I know others have given it 5 stars but I only tried it once and had the corn beef and hash it was good, different then I'm use to.  I wouldn't reorder it however.  Its not like its from a can or anything, its shredded ham and the flavor is different then what I believe Hash should taste like  The Banana Nut muffin was pretty good, but again I have had better.  The servers are nice and the place is adorable.  . . However if you want your Socks knocked of for breakfast go to the Hash House A Go Go, its a little further West up Sahara and on the right.  That place has the best breakfast I have ever had.. Overall I must say Egg & I is a good place.  A  decent breakfast, however for egg critiques take a look at the pictures, unless you order an eggs Benny they over cook most of there eggs.
This place could get really crowded!. . Why only 3 Stars?. 1st star - originality of the place: the seating arrangement is really unique. the center dinning area is high up and the side dinning area is ground level. . 2st star - menu has a ton of choices! a lot of different ways to serve egg for breakfast and more: burgers, salad, sandwiches, and steaks. . 3rd star - service is good even though they could get so busy each server was alert and ready to serve customers who need help. Also, they have this EGG SIGN on each table where you put the WEIRD EGG FACE if you need service lol . . Food was okay, but I totally blamed my self for ordering my egg wrong. Apparently, I could order my egg "scrambled easy" so it won't be so dry. Oh well, there is always next time. Definitely will come back to try more of their stuff and of course! update my review for my fellow yelpers.
I really love breakfast/ brunch places! I like the seasoning on the potatoes and fries!. Sometimes it is nice to eat at a place that is off the strip
My husband got the Lag Egg Crepe, and I got the chicken fried steak. . . My chicken fried steak was too salty and the country gravy itself was too salty too. I felt that I got overdosed with the salt after I've finished only one third of the chicken fried steak. I had my egg scrambled, and the egg didn't taste good, seems like they put white pepper in it and I don't like white pepper. So I was done with the egg with only one bite.. . My husband said the egg crepe was interesting enough that he liked it, while it was also too heavy for him as it's made with 4 eggs.. . The meal was okay, could be better though. We can get better chicken fried steak (with the right saltiness) at the other diner in town, so probably won't order chicken fried steak ever again at Egg & I. . . I think the best item of the meal was the banana nut muffin, which was only a side that came with the entree.. . Our server was very nice though.. . We don't know if we would come back again........just because we are not attracted to other menu items so much while we know we are not gonna order chicken fried steak here again.
I don't recommend the steak & eggs.  Tell them it's your first time and they will  give you s free banana bread muffins.  It is so good.
Large portions [especially the "work potatoes"]. We were told ten minute wait and it was about right [Sunday mid-morning].  If you put you name in, ask to see the menu - it is extensive.. The eggs are offered up to four (4) per plate, so you'll not go hungry.  Service is about what you'd expect from a busy place.  Can't go higher on the stars for what amounts to a large plate more than half covered with potatoes, and the eggs fixed as you usually get eggs in a restaurant.
The first time I was here I got coffee and the banana nut muffin.  They are an awesome combination.  I've gone back since. 'Nuff said.
I went here with a friend on Saturday AM. We arrived at 10 and it was packaged. Easy 30 minute wait which I find kinda baffling as the food and place is O-So- Average. However it seems like a popular stop for lots of locals. I ordered the Sicilian Skillet, and was not impressed. It was really bla and nothing to write home about for sure. The food was okay but not really anything you cant get at a Denny's IHOP, or countless other places like, that.
Food was tasty and serving size generous.
Food tasty and generous and also a bit on the pricey side.
I hate to do it, but i need to knock this down just one star. Every time I'm here, while the service is great and friendly, the place is just packed and I find the breakfast to be lackluster, compared to Egg Works.. . The seating is pretty crammed, even when you get there early. We're often bumped by servers and patrons as they're making their way to tables.. . I also don't love how they *only* have those season-salty potatoes and not fresh hashbrowns. They have them, but only those frozen hashbrown patties. Meh. I like homestyle potatoes, but these really seem like they're dumped out of an Ore-Ida bag.. . The last time we went, I asked for my poached eggs well in my eggs benedict and they came back *very* runny both times. I can handle a little runny, but these were like, runny to the point of being almost chilly inside the yolk.  It's a texture thing and it skeeves me. I know I'm not the only one. . . They were really great when I sent it back the first time, but the second time, I felt like a total pain in the ass and was embarrassed having to ask them to redo it, even though it wasn't my fault. They were gracious and took it off our bill and the 2nd time they made it, the eggs were cooked well enough. (Yes, we tipped on the full cost of the bill.) . . I also am not wild about how they completely drown their eggs benedict in hollandaise to the point you can't even see the bottom and the english muffin gets really soggy. . . My boyfriend's blueberry pancakes weren't that awesome either.  Kind of spongey and flavorless.. . For the hype this location gets, it wouldn't be my first choice. But I know it's popular and beloved, so if someone else wanted to go, I'd go, but otherwise, I'd recommend one of their other locations.
This place is nothing special! Breakfast is the easiest meal to cook, and when I pay for it I want it to be flippin awesome. This was just ok - like Dennys. . . The place was packed, but it only took a minute to be seated. The service was all around good - no complaints.. . I ordered one of the skillets - maybe the three meats - which was okay. It was fresh, good portion, and tasted ok. Just nothing to write home about. The best thing, other than the diet coke, was the banana bread. . . It's not bad, just not good. Make your own breakfast, and you'll be just as happy.
Food had a very home like feel to it. I went with a large party and everyone ordered various dishes. Not ONE particular dish stood out but the banana nut muffin... now that was pretty amazingly delicious!. . Very accommodating to large groups on a Saturday brunch. We were seated almost immediately even with the packed house. Only down side was that they forgot one order from our big group and it happened to be our bachelorette. Also, the order was wrong. Double thumbs down!
Came on a Sunday afternoon and we had to wait about 30-40 minutes for a party of 10. They made us move around a little which was kind of annoying, especially after you sat us already. With that said, service was just so-so.. . Ordered the Egg-ceptional omelette. This came with tomatoes, ham, sausages, bacon, onions, mushrooms, cheese & sour cream. On the side were potatoes and a choice of toast or banana nut muffin. Trust me when i say .. YOU'LL WANT TO GO WITH THE BANANA NUT MUFFIN! This is the only item i will RAVE about at this place. The muffin looks a little discolored but don't let it fool you. This is one of the best ones i've EVER had and i've had plenty! It's baked to PERFECTION and sososossoso moist. I should have just ordered a couple on the ride back but I didn't want to overload myself with carbs. Definitely coming back for the muffins yum!
I decided to stop here since we landed at 7:30 AM and wanted breakfast.  All the reviews raved about this place.  The food was good, but the waitress was not very attentive.  The muffins were alright.  The portions were good.  I felt that the potatoes stole all the seasoning and everything else was a bit bland.  Maybe next time I will try something else.
Excellent breakfast spot! Vast menu--almost too many choices--with plenty of vegetarian options. Large portions, and everyone's dish came with a healthy serving of fresh fruit. I had the veggie benedict. Good choice with the grilled tomatoes and fresh avocado, although my eggs were a bit overdone. The home fries are amazing though! Crispy and great seasoning. The bottomless coffee wasn't that great, but good enough for a bottomless pot to wake you up in the morning.. . Service was incredible! Fast, attentive, friendly. I wish I could remember our waitress's name to give her a 5-star review. The service is definitely what would keep me coming back. The food is good, but the pricing was a bit high (I think bennie + coffee came to $14 + tip) to make it a regular go-to breakfast.
Egg and I is a popular breakfast / brunch spot in Vegas. Using my trusty yelp app I found this joint when looking for a hearty breakfast off of the strip where locals go. When driving into the strip mall I noticed the abundance of cars and line outside right away. We didn't have to wait too long, about 20 minutes and the staff was friendly, and the coffee was really good.... I don't know what they put in it, but it was waay better than the average coffee. . . My boyfriend had the pancakes and they were fluffy and flavorful, I was somewhat disappointed in my artichoke frittata...The feta cheese was overpowering and seemed like an afterthought dumped on top and I ended up scraping most of it off. It was a daily special item, so it wasn't on the main menu. I would definitely go back next time I'm in Vegas and try one of the basic menu items such as pancakes or omelets, all of the other dishes being brought out looked great... they had good intentions with the frittata but it was less than desirable..... . ** The banana muffin everyone writes about lived up to its expectations.
Great service, decent biscuits and gravy. But I wasn't quite as impressed by the experience as I was led by friends to think I would be. I think I prefer Cracker Barrel.
Very good food but overpriced in my opinion.
A really good breakfast place to eat while in Vegas. I had the chicken enchilada omelette, it was pretty good. The banana nut muffins were awesome with butter. So good we ordered a loaf to go.
The only reason they get a 3 star and not 4 is because because i was expecting them to be as good as there counterpart egg works. Unfortunately not so. It was good, better than Ihop but not that stellar amazing flavor Im used to from these chains. Anyway the service was quick and the waitress was very personable so ya if Im in the neighborhood I will go again
Yay Egg! Glad I asked Mary W. for breakfast recommendations before the trip. When I got here there was already a line but the wait wasn't too bad, perhaps about 15-20 minutes. They have a cute menu that looks like a newspaper and a huge menu to choose from.. We ordered a corn beef hash and eggs benedict. Do me a favor and order yourself a corn beef hash if you go there, it's pretty darn delicious. The eggs benedict was alright, way too much hollandaise sauce, I wish they'd go easy on that. I do love the breakfast potatoes. Our waitress didn't take care of us too well but the other staff were nice and helpful. Serving was so big we didn't eat lunch that day.
First off, my expectations were pretty high for those banana nut muffins.  I prefer mine with more nuts in them so they were just okay to me - I've experienced better and probably will not get them again.. . I ordered a scrambler and it was very good - the potatoes were okay - a little too much seasoning for me but they were crispy.  My grandma said the coffee was good and she enjoyed her corned beef hash.  The service was excellent, the prices reasonable, amount of food was a lot, and the atmosphere was good.  I would come back.. . Oh, and free Wi-Fi which is great when your grandma you are visiting doesn't have internet.
We had so much high expectations for this place after reading all the reviews on yelp. Wow...we were somewhat disappointed. Here's my review:. . Food: 3 stars - I'm not saying their food was bad but they were not exceptionally great either. There wasn't anything special. It tasted to us like your typical breakfast at a restaurant. We had the pancakes, eggs, hash browns, eggs benedict, potatoes, etc.. . Service: 5 stars - the server was great and took really good care of us.. . Ambiance: 3 stars - average. . Will I ever return? Most likely not.
Service here is great. They have this little egg sign on the table that you flip to black if you need service and its really like magic the way they appear when you try to change the sign.  I had:. Iced water- I had to write that their water tastes like they got it from the restroom sink. Its so bad i had to order a coke. . Banana nut muffin- didn't see what the hype was about. I thought it was OK. . Eggs Florentine with seasoned potatoes- good with Cholula. the potatoes are really good!. . I would say everything was good/average.
Hated the pancakes, too dense and heavy. So, I ordered the waffle, yup, same basic mix and not very good.  The scrambled eggs and sausage were great - sausage very greasy, but not in a bad way.
Came back again hoping for 4 stars on a Saturday morning but the service ..  how do i put this nicely - it sucked. Our waitress wasn't very attentive. We were seated right away since our party of 5 decided we would sit outside to avoid the wait (TIP!!!!) It was nice for a while until it started getting humid and nasty but we stuck it through.. . We had the Eggceptional Omelette (3 stars), Bacon Avocado & Egg (4 stars) - these flavors ALWAYS mesh well together!, The chicken fried steak skillet (5 stars) and the cinnamon raisin french toast (2 stars).. . A tip: stay away from the cinnamon raisin french toast. Couldn't taste the cinnamon in it at all and it was kind of soggy. Not the heavenly experience in your mouth you get when you think of french toast ... mmmm. BUT get the chicken fried steak skillet!!! YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. Scrambled eggs on top. So yummy.. . And of course, the banana nut muffin is still my favorite of all time here!
I really like this place.  Casual, cheap and good breakfast.  Most of your breakfast dishes come with a choice of toast or banana muffin.  Get the muffin.  Their are so many choices, it's hard to make a decision.  I've had the Loco Moco, pancakes, omelettes, french toast, country style breakfasts.  Popular place so you will wait for your tables.  Parking is abundant.
Good breakfast food off the strip of Vegas. Price is reasonable (Around $10 per plate) and they give you a lot. Enough for you to take back home unless you are coping with a hangover and need all the carbs you can get. . . The Banana Nut Muffin is really as good as everyone says it is; especially with the spread. You can tell they bake it fresh as there is no complex presentation to it. It is just simply muffin off the pan. I ordered the egg-ceptional omelette and it was decent. Definitely worth the money but, not mind blowing. I would try their other items if I go again. My friend got the stuffed french toast and that looked very good. However, the ranch potato side were delicious and exactly what I needed after a long weekend in Vegas. . . Their high selling point is their super nice staff. They give you the perfect amount of chit chat and leave you alone time.. . Use their egg signs. Yellow Egg means you need attention; Black Egg means leave me alone.
Food:. We had the fender bender crepe and the strawberry cream french toast. Both were pretty good. I was not too into the bean sprouts in the crepe. We both thought the french toast was too sweet and started to wear on you haha.. . Service:. Our waitress was awesome. We got a seat outside but it was about 95 degrees outside. I asked if she could move us inside and she did without any issues, and it was pretty busy that day. After that she was all smiles and our coffee was consistently full.
Ive lived in Las Vegas about 3 months now and drive by here often and have always wanted to stop and try it.  Especially, after seeing all the amazing yelp reviews.  Unfortunately i wasn't very impressed.. . There were a ton of people (as i expected) and my son and i only had to wait about 5 min., the entrance is horrible.  Seems like such a fire hazard to me....way to many people in and out and standing in the door way.  . . The seating was way too cramped for me.  But the waiter was right there and got our drinks right away.. . Our food was brought out in great time.  . . Iam on a very strict diet, so i ordered whole wheat banana pancakes.  They were HUGE !!! but tasted like something i could have very well made at home.  My son had Mickey Mouse shaped pancakes with a fruit face and bacon mouth.  He loved that part but that was about it.. . All in all it was 'ok'.....i may or may not go back....im reading about all the yummy stuff that my diet doesn't aloud perhaps on my next cheat day ill try again.
A groupon and good reviews lead me to try this place in Vegas. Normally, I do not go off the strip to eat. I don't think this place is as good as the reviews lead it to be... the place was packed when I went though, around 11am. It took about 30 minutes or so for a table. Looking at the menu, LOTS of stuff looked good and I had trouble deciding what to eat. The menu is a newpaper, which is actually really cute and different; also, there is a lot of word-play on the menu which I thought was cleaver. I ended up getting the chicken fried steak skillet and my brother got the carnitas skillet. Both did taste good, but I did not think it was spectacular. Portions were a good size, a bit larger than average. My chicken steak was tender and crispy and the gravy was good... but the house potatoes it came with was way too salty. I mixed everything together to try to lessen the salt taste, but in the end, I couldn't finish all the potatoes because, well, it was just too much salt. I think they need to put less of the seasoned salt on it. I'm a total potato lover and I couldn't finish my potatoes. My skillet also came with 2 eggs, anyway you want and a muffin or toast. I chose the muffin. It was good-average. I tried a bit of the carnitas skillet... but I'm not a big Mexican food fan... so it wasn't to my liking really, but my brother liked it. His did not come with a muffin or toast though. I also ordered coffee, thinking it was going to come in the interesting cup I see posted... it came in the ugly typical diner coffee cup.... . Personally, I think Hash House A Go-Go has much better food and better prices... and way bigger portions!! My brother agrees with me too. . . I don't think this place is worth the wait... it didn't stand out in my mind. Just an average breakfast place. Prices are fair... my chicken fried skillet was $10.50 and the carnitas skillet was about $11. . . Go to Hash House A Go-Go if you want special yummy breakfast food... this place is just average.
Had the veggie benedict and the biscuit and gravy. Perhaps we ordered the wrong this. I was not impressed with the quality of the ingredients or the way they were put together.
Man... people freak out over this place, but I'm not really sure why.  It wasn't bad. Just not much different from dozens of other places.  Think Denny's.  There you go.  I will say this, though... great service.  I had the corned beef hash.  They top it off with an egg.  I LOVE CBH, but I wouldn't order this again.  I was with three friends.  They had scrambled eggs, eggs benedict, and a chili cheese omelette.  Scrambled eggs are the same everywhere.  The eggs benedict had WAY too much hollandaise sauce.  The omelette, though, was killer.  In fact, we stopped eating our dishes and ate from her plate.  What?  Now... the banana nut muffin.  I didn't think it was all that.  Good flavor, but mine was kind of hard.  The girls, though... I swear they had an orgasm.
