Their sandwiches are very delicious for $5.99. I got the Italian (we also got a 10% employee discount). It measure about 8" long - it is more filling than it looks. It doesn't quite fill you up like a Subways Sandwich, but for $5.99, it's an amazing deal.. . The Italian is absolutely delicious. The juices are strong and the meat is fresh. It was served quickly and devoured even quicker.. . This place is an amazing place to eat dinner. Why spend $500 on a fancy dinner for two when the food is just as good here?
I'm not sure what the hype is about this place. I came here expecting a lot given the large amount of 4-5 star Yelp reviews, and I left disappointed. I ordered the original because I figured that I couldn't go wrong with an original. I guess I should just not expect so much when I eat at a 4-5 star according to Yelp restaurant. The sandwich was tiny. The flavor tasted off because of the horseradish. I was so, so, so disappointed. . . I also got the chicken noodle soup because it was cold, and I wanted soup. That was average. I'm glad I got the soup or I'd have still been hungry after that tiny sandwich. To be fair, I was eating buffets during the earlier part of my trip to Vegas. But, I still think the sandwich could have been a lot better given all these rave reviews.
The sandwiches are good, but not worth a cab ride here. They're hot, crispy and gooey all at the same time, but they're only a small step above a Quiznos sub.. . As suggested by Yelpers, my boyfriend and I got the Jerk Chicken sandwich, which was not spicy AT ALL, but still very good. My boyfriend got the Hawaiian, which I thought was better than the Jerk Chicken for flavor.. . What they have on their side is the price, but not if you have to take a cab to get here. If you're in the hotel, this is a perfectly good no-frills place to grab a sandwich.
I thought the sandwich as a whole was "eh".. . Highlights and things of note: . Bread is really good. Bread is warm. Price was under $10. Sandwich is on the small side. Located in Planet Hollywood near east entrance. Order and pick up
If you're simply looking to fill your gullet, without any bells and whistles, then this is the place.  The turkey sandwich and chips really hit the spot.
Since I haven't tried all the sandwiches here, this review is just for their hawaiian chicken sandwich. The sauce was way too sweet when combined with the pineapple. The sandwich felt one note. But for $6, its not too shabby.
I loved it the first time and intended to give this place 5 stars since it was good and I ate it two days in a row. This time I feel like there was a lack in quality for the sandwich. I ordered 4 Earl's club sandwiches, and none of them had lettuce -NADA! It also had too much bacon, so the sandwich was wayyy too salty. Eh I am officially sick of this place. I will not crave for it next time.
I don't know what happened. Maybe I caught themon a bad day. Maybe I just have higher standards.. As soon as I got there, I felt that I was rushed to order. This was my first time there and didn't get much chance to look at the menu before my order was taken so fast that I didn't have a chance to add anything else on. When I got to the cashier I was able to add on the other items I wanted but with a lot of attitude from the girl at the register.. The food came pretty quickly, which was nice, and the sandwich was really good. The tomato soup, however, was really the worst I've had anywhere with very stale tasting croutons.. Not too bad of a place to eat, but the staff definitely need to work on their attitude and customer service. (That being said, I seem to run into a lot of this in Vegas. Maybe it's just the customary atmosphere...). If you get a chance, I would highly recommend Panera Bread instead.
Maybe because our expectation was too high, or maybe we ordered the wrong thing, but we felt the sandwich was just OK...  I will try it one more time next time in Vegas, and change my review if needed.
Quality of food: great. Service: not so much. . My friend's sandwich was missing BOTH type of cheeses that were suppose to come with it. And yes, I know it was 4am in the morning when I arrived. You probably dealt with a buttload of drunken rude biatchz right before me such as that ***** who was annoying the heck out of me thinking she was cute slurring her 10 words sentence into one word, but it gives you no right, NO RIGHT at all to take it out on us! . . Will I come back? I sure will! Pretty good for a 24 hour joint, but it's not on my must visit any more. Good bye, dear friend! See you when I'm starved and there's nowhere else I rather go.
Will make this short and sweet: overrated. Every sandwich tastes like a higher-end item at Jack in the Box or something. Luckily, price range is right around there as well so you don't really expect TOO much.
Nothing better than a great sandwich to help nurse a hangover! . . Much higher quality than the normal Subway or Quiznos at a great price for the strip. The bread and mustard totally make the sandwiches and the salads are appropriately dressed (unlike many of the patrons). This is a great stop either for lunch or late night snack.
Maybe I hyped myself about this place too much? Maybe I was feeling too crappy to enjoy my sandwich? Maybe it was the rude ladies working behind the counter that gave me dirty looks? Whatever the reason, I didn't think my full montagu sandwich was as delicious as everyone hyped it about. . . I'm a tad bit disappointed, but fully ready to go again and give this place another try. Will updated this review again once it happens.
First of all, let me just say how long I've waited to try Earl of Sandwich (over a year), how excited I was to try Earl of Sandwich (fuckin excited), and then how pissed I was when I couldn't even take a picture of the thing because it was so pathetic-looking (really fuckin pissed).. . I think like six of my friends ordered the Full Montagu, so I decided to go with the Original. It usually doesn't get much safer than "the Original," but I was so disappointed. No, I was devastated at how much of a letdown this sandwich was. The bread is good, but it was the best part about the sandwich. The fuckin BREAD. I could tell that Earl was going with a completely different concept with his sandwich than Ike (@ Lime). Whereas Ike mindfucks you with an avalanche of ingredients and flavors, Earl keeps his sandwiches as simple as possible. My Original had bread, meat, and sauce. That's it. I wanted so badly to appreciate the simplistic beauty of it, but I couldn't. It's just too boring.. . I had a bite of the Full Montagu, I was not impressed. I had a bite of the Italian. I was decently impressed. I've heard good things about the Hawaiian, so I'll come back to try that. If it sucks too, then I am done with you Earl. You've literally broken my heart. Bastard.
Thank you for being there for my post-Krave insanity at 4am. You totally helped mitigate my hangover hours later.
We hit up the Earl of Sandwich because of the overwhelmingly positive reviews here on Yelp. Overall, however, the food was just okay.. . We tried the Full Montagu since this was the most highly recommended sandwich of the lot. Not really flavorful, just okay.. . We also tried the tomato soup and chicken Caesar salad, again, all just okay.  The chocolate chip cookie we got for dessert was the tastiest part of the meal.. . Relatively cheap for Vegas, but definitely not worth the wait.
Solid sammiches ... Very inexpensive ... Not as broad a selection as I'd like
For the Strip I guess it's good.  Since I stay away from that area at all costs, I can't really comment on too much that goes on since I prefer to not get rooked and eat in the burbs instead, The place was 'ok' and I'm glad that I gave it a shot.  I had the Cannonballs and it was nothing to write home about.  Service was fast, but it seemed rather small.
the sandwiches are awesome here! i would totally give earls a 4-5 star rating based on my previous experiences BUT last weekend's experience left me very unsatisfied. The food was good if they had spoons! I ordered a sandwich+soup and found out the spoons/forks were out. I went and asked the server for a spoon and he just looked at me with a blank stare. I explained to him that they were out and I needed it for soup. He completely ignored my request. . . I understand that earls isnt a high end restaurant. But cmon! Any other establishment would offer me the basic utensils.
Earl of Sandwich possibly saved my life.I was wandering The Strip in the wee hours of the morning trying to sober up.At 5:00 am there really wasn't much left to do but get the fuck out.Luckily, I stumbled into Planet Hollywood and remembered hearing about Earl of Sandwich.I didn't really know what I wanted or if I even wanted to eat but I went with The Full Montague and some frozen lemonade.Don't know if it was yellow or pink lemonade, since I didn't bother to open the lid(pink lemonade is manlier btw).Someone ripped a pretty stinky fart in that place(may or may not have been me), so once again I ate in the car.One of the cool things about this place is that they give some sort of gadget/coaster/computer thingy that starts ringing when your order is ready.I didn't know wtf it was or why it was beeping until some dude next to me clued me in.. . As for the sandwich, The Full Montague was pretty badass.Roast beef, turkey, Swiss& Cheedar cheese, lettuce, tomatoes and mustard being hugged by artisan bread.My only complaint is that it's a pretty thick sandwich and the bread does fill you up fast.Ended up eating only half and I think i left the other half in the glove compartment.I see why people are crazy about this place, but there's still something I can't quite put my finger on that's keeping me from giving it a higher rating.Maybe another visit will clarify things for me.
6 bucks for a decently sized sandwhich. . The line was so long! We waited like, 7 minutes just to order.. I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ chicken or whatever it was called. . I got my sandwhich surprisingly quickly; way faster than at Subways. When I sat down to eat it though, I discovered I had a hair in my sammy. EWWWW! The workers there don't wear hair nets. . Grossed out, I walked over to the cash register and asked for a replacement. They were busy, but very nice about it, and got my another one very quickly. . The bread was cruchy and soft at the same time, and I thought that was definitely the highlight of the meal. The BBQ sause was entirely way too salty. They were kind of skimpy on the chicken. However I thought it was a good sandwich overall, I liked how the pineapple, ham, and the sauce worked together and the crunchy bread gave it texture. . I only came here cause I was in Vegas and there aren't THAT many cheap easy fast options. I wouldn't go back to this place out side of the whole hungover Vegas situation.
I can't say I understand the gushing reviews but it was fine.  I got the tuna melt, it was fine, but nothing out of the ordinary.  As for the staff, not one person made eye contact or muttered a thank you, so that was one big negative for me.  Overall, if you're there grab a sandwich, the prices are reasonable, but no need to bring a pen to write home about it.
Great sandwiches and service is efficient.. Had the earls club which was great. The full montage was alright. This place is like a notch or two higher than your subway/quiznos.
I went here for the first time, and we had the Jerk Chicken and the Original based on previous yelp reviews.  The sandwiches were individually-wrapped and served pleasantly hot.  The bread was also quite good, mostly because it was freshly toasted.. . The Original had a healthy stack of roast beef topped with horseradish sauce and cheddar cheese, and it was the favorite of the two.  The beef had a nice chew to it, which I attribute to moisture and freshness, things that low-quality roast beef lack.  The toppings, not surprisingly, complemented the beef nicely.. . The JerkChicken was topped with a special sauce and banana peppers.  The chicken was a little disappointing, as it had the texture of the chicken in those microwavable, frozen meals.  I wouldn't be surprised if indeed the chicken WAS cooked, frozen, and simply reheated at the restaurant.  Nonetheless, the overall flavor was decent.. . We also had the tomato soup, which was a tasty bisque with crispy croutons.  While nothing surprising or elegant, the soup was delightfully reminiscent of chef boyardee.. . Overall, I felt that the food here tasted (and was) mass-produced, and thus it lacked nuance as well as freshness.  And, not surprisingly, the lines were long.  Nonetheless, it was satisfying sober, so I can only imagine how dreamy it would be drunk (yup, that alliteration was intended).. . Bottom line:  Food here is produced for the masses.  I would eat here again, although honestly, if a Subway opened up next door, I would face a serious dilemma.
tasty and reasonably priced sandwiches. definitely worth a visit.. . The Earl Club:.  - a basic yet filling turkey bacon sub.  - nothing out of the ordinary . The Full Montagu: ***personal fav***.  - roast beef and turkey is a great combo.  - earl mustard makes sandwich even better. Italian:.  - an awesome hearty sandwich.  - very bold and savory pizza-like taste. . All of the sandwiches come on their special artisan baked loaf which reminded me of a lighter more luscious ciabatta. the desserts were extremely tempting but i was too excited to try the variety of sandwiches we ordered.. . its hard to find a cheap yet delicious establishment along the strip so when we came across this place we were pleasantly surprised. the storefront and staff were well kept making it more inviting to sample their delicious sandwiches. not only was the storefront and staff presentable but the wrapping of the sandwich was like no other. the light gold foil coated the sandwich perfectly. . . visuals + taste + price = awesome * 10
The Sandwhiches here are good Given the circumstances..... . 1. Location and price: You're in the middle of Miracle Mile Shops here people, ish is expensive everywhere you look and the sandwiches here are decently priced for anywhere on the Las Vegas Strip.. . 2. Other Nearby Choices: usually tend to be not the greatest in quality or taste. These sandwiches are made with good bread and tasty meats and condiments. other choices within walking distance are just not as good.. . 3. Open 24 Hours: This place has great reviews at first glance, and Yeah, ok...the sandwiches are good, but is it one of thebest sandwiches I've ever had?? No way! Is it in the top 3? Definitely not! How about the top 10 at least?...maybe if I was drunk.. . oh what? It just hit me. How many of the people who reviewed this joint probably stumbled here after getting out of the clubs and ate a sandwich while pissing their pants drunk? Probably aaaa lot!. . And we all know food taste better 3 ways. When you're stoned and when you're drunk. or when you're outdoors camping/bbq'ing.. . Since the later is just not possible inside a casino resort and I don't get stoned, that only leaves drunk. This sandwich would taste amazing drunk. so I guess my point is, eat here drunk.
Hard to review this place.  I'd like to give it a 3.5. . For what it is, a fast paced sandwich joint, its very good, deserves a 4, but for being a must go to destination on the vegas strip, only a 3.  . . Went here for a quick lunch.  I ordered the hawaiian bbq, and my friend ordered the carribean jerk.  Both sandwiches were very good, decent size, good price, and nice and warm.. . If your looking for a quick lunch and by the miracle shops, try it out.
I was debating between The Full Montagu and The Earl's Club.  My dining companion decided to get The Earl's Club and I'd get The Full Montagu and we could try the other person's sandwich.  I thought The Full Montagu was just okay.  It could be because I'm not much of a roast beef person (why I got it, I don't know lol) and it was too much meat.  It was definitely very filling.  I had a bite or two of The Earl's Club and liked it better than my sandwich.  . . Bottom line: These aren't the best sandwiches I've ever had, but what I tasted of The Earl's Club was good enough to make me want to come back and order that next time.  I probably would have gotten it on this visit had I known that the turkey and bacon combination works for this sandwich.  (I like turkey sandwiches and bacon in general but have never had the two together.). . Also, don't be put off by the long line or how full the restaurant may look.  The line goes pretty fast, the food comes out quickly, and there's a good turnover of tables.
I need to visit this place and again update my review. So I'm just going to give it 3 stars for now. Until then I might have 4 stars. who knows. . . I forgot how it tasted like. I ordered the Montague sandwich. At first I kinda liked it, but when I had a taste of my friend's Carribean Jerk sandwich, my sandwich failed. That's all I could remember. All of my friends loved this place. I want to, too but I gotta eat it again because my poor memory can't make a decision as of now. . . Hope this review was somewhat helpful folks! =P
I was very excited to try Earl of Sandwich after always passing by it in the Planet Hollywood and seeing such great reviews on yelp. Unfortunately, it didn't live up to all the hype. It was a mediocre sandwich at best, not worthy of being wrapped in gold.. . I tried the Italian and the lady got a turkey sandwich. Both were ok, but I think that Quiznos is better and that's not saying much. Maybe if I didn't have such high expectations for it, I might have liked it better but it let me down.. . It got 3 stars because it's cheap food on the strip that's open late.
Alright, I know this place is ALWAYS busy  (24 hours a day!) and super quick and 'delicious' for about $6.. BUT.... . Their sandwiches are salty as hell. I've had the Veggie and Montagu. Also, there isn't much content in it. There's more bread than anything else.. . Yum? Eh. Quick? Yes. Cheap? Yes. If you're not willing to trade the content and salty factor, being quick and cheap is totally not worth it.
Hmm..... . Honestly, this place is just GOOD to me..but it wasn't bombdotcom!. . I don't understand what all the hype is. I've been here two times. Once drunk and once sober.. . During my drunk tasting, I ordered The Earl's Club (Roasted Turkey, Smoked Bacon, Aged Swiss Cheese, Lettuce, Roma Tomatoes & Sandwich Sauce). It was good enough to fill my hungry tummy but I never felt the crave to go back. I didn't even know this place was such a "big deal.". . Second time, I stopped by after a long drive from LA2LV. I ordered a Chinese Chicken Salad (Grilled Chicken, Field Greens & Romaine, Chinese Mix, Crispy Wontons & Fresh Soy Ginger Dressing).  The salad was decent...average. Ladies--only order this if you need to fit into your dress for the night's festivities! I wouldn't order the salad again if not for that!. . I also had a couple bites of my friend's Hawaiian BBQ sandwich (Grilled Chicken, Roasted Ham, Hawaiian BBQ Sauce, Aged Swiss Cheese & Fresh Pineapple). It was better than my salad for sure but not special enough for me to want to come back.. . Maybe third time's a charm? =/
I thought the food was good, but I didn't think it was worth it to wait in line for a half hour. I had the Sweet Hawaiian BBQ, and it was SWEET (literally). Granted, I hadn't eaten anything all day except a Fat Tuesday, so I was a little intoxicated, but still - it could have been better. . . Bottomline: worth checking out because of the Vegas atmosphere. A little pricey for a sammich though.
A-OK sandwich.  I love sandwiches and this place will be on my recommendation list.. . I got my staple of Turkey and roast beef grilled.  I have had better but this is definitely a good sandwich and it was even better since its was available at 5:30am after a night of  partying!
feel like it was overrated.. the full montagu tasted like a panini that was bland.. and the cold pasta in a cup was too sweet.. the potato salad in a cup was not bad though.. the frozen lemonade was way too sweet.. not impressed.. . and the cobb wrap was not good.
It's really not the bestsandwich I've ever had... and actually it doesn't come close. Not sure why it has such high ratings on Yelp... (maybe i gotta try the tuna melt!)  I got the Earl Club and my boyfriend initially ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. The jerk sauce that comes with it is a mayo-based one, which is not what we were looking for. So my boyfriend exchanged it for the The Original 1762 (minus the horseradish), which he enjoyed. . . My Club sandwich was tasty, but not oh-so-amazing. Their bread is pretty light and toasty, which I liked more than your chain sandwich joints (eg. quiznos), and their deli meat is just standard, not like from a real deli. That being said, they make a pretty good sandwich with the ingredients they use. Not to mention, it is really cheap and 24 hours! . . I'll definitely be back if I'm craving a sandwich in Vegas, but I don't think I'll be dreaming about those subs :)
Convenient eatery located in the Planet Hollywood Casino adjacent to the Magnificent Mile Shops. The "Original 1762" sandwich was meaty, toasted and excellent. That cannot be said about the vegetable soup which was bland, watery and actually quite bad. The chicken Caesar was very tasty but unfortunately the container was 3/4 full. The breakfast sandwiches were mediocre.. . Exc - Hot Sandwiches, convenience. Good - None. Ave - None. Poor - Veggie Soup. . WOULD I GO BACK? If I were staying there I would for the shear sake of convenience.
The sandwiches were good- mine was the best the "Original", others got the blt and the earl of montegue- just ok.  A lot of hype about this place with zero ambience and zero personality.  It's kind of like an assembly line with a lot of shouting and noise and pretty good sandwiches.  Nothing to write home about.  Their drink selection was quite bad.  The set up is like just get through the line already!!!  Pay me the money!!. It is definitely Not a mom and pop shop, so why not go find one?  Please someone in Vegas find us a good sami shop!!!
Overrated and overhyped.. . Definitely not worth its claim.  Yes, it has toasted artisan bread, but it has some unique sandwiches, but nothing worth raving about.. . Maybe I was just expecting too much, or maybe most people who have reviewed this have never had a sandwich with artisan bread, but it was a pretty mediocre sandwich.. . I tried both the Full montagu and the hawaiian one.. . Both were similarly unimpressive.. . Could've used an extra slice of meat to balance out the thickness of the bread.  Don't get me wrong -- the bread was good... though it would've been nice to have more variety.  But then it's not really my way.  The sandwiches are pretty much done as an assembly line so there's not customization.. . Better than subway?  Sure.  Worth the money?  Yeah.  Worth the hype?  No.  Would I come back?  Eh... don't think so.
So the lady has someone transport these sandwiches all the way from Vegas and here's the verdict. . . Tuna Melt - pretty damn good.  Bread seemed a bit much but the tuna mixed with the cheesy goodness was a good combination.  I can only imagine having it fresh to order.  (Guilty Pleasure). . BLT - I'm not going to slam this too hard because as I said it was over 12 hours old and not microwave friendly.  (Thrown out due to dirty evidence). . I'm gonna have to try this in person and then re-review.
Meh...I dont know what the big craze it...its just a toasted sandwich...it's at the level of a Quiznos! . . Went there on Saturday...tried it..and wasn't impressed.. Went there on Sunday to see if it can redeem itself...NOPE. . I rather have a good sandwich from SF.
Dont get mewrong, enjoyed the food at this place but i do believe it was over-hyped. I ordered the tuna melt with chicken tortilla soup and my bf ordered sthing else i forgot (sorry!) Although the tuna melt was delicious i just didnt think it was worth the 6bucks just b/c it wasnt amazing in my opinion and for size was a lil much. even though yes it is a bargain for food on the strip...and 3bucks for barely a cup of soup? gees...and there was hardly any chicken in this soup...but! it did taste good, i just wouldnt get it again. the people there are rude or seem just tired out...im sure theyre sick of tourists but cmon now if im saying "hello and thank you" to you when you never said either of those to me first...yeah sthings wrong there.. . another day later during this same recent trip to vegas, my bf and i went clubbing at tao..and of course i was one...drunk, two- tired as fuck, three- hungry...so we had to resort to earl's since it is in our hotel and its open @2am. these two black chicks in front of us came back from clubbing as well (and i know this b/c when we girls are carrying our heels and walking around barefooted..its from clubbin')..the cashier was flirting with them and i was getting annoyed bc i was fucking tired, drunk & hungry...and here is this dude with his mini dreadlocks tryna spit game while myself and the line wrapping around the corner are tryna get our food! poor guy didnt get a 2nd look nor their #'s haha. so when we were finally next, we ordered one jerk chicken sandwich and a cup of chicken noodle soup. i know why did i order soup again? because for me it cures some of my drunkyness for an hr haha. plus i also wanted to see if another of their soup could redeem itself. jerk chicken was ok, wasnt amazing like some people had mentioned..i would say the red peppers helped that sandwich's ass out in making it taste at least good. soup was better than the tortilla soup surprisingly.. . not saying its not worth the try, just dont expect so much from it :]
After hearing a lot of good things about this place, I definitely had to try it the next time I was in Vegas. . . Came here after going out on our first night. Luckily, it's located in Planet Hollywood, so we were able to change into regular clothes & didn't have to be in our dresses & heels, haha.. . I ordered The Earl's Club. It was good, but nothing amazing about it. Price was decent though. . . I wish I liked this place more. Maybe people just hyped it up too much for me? I mean, it's good..just not to die for.. . Open 24 hours? Good move, haha.
My sister ordered a chinese chicken salad and The Montagu.. . Chinese Chicken Salad - Pretty blah.. The Montagu - It was ok, but not great.. . Overall, the prices are reasonable and it's open 24/7.. . We went on a Saturday night and it was a bit crowded from the club goers, but line moved pretty quick.
I had to try this place out during my stay this past weekend at Planet Hollywood. Had there been other 24-hour options in PH, I likely would not have gone back a second time, but at 4:30 in the morning this is the only place you can get food in the hotel (and after 6 hours of stilettos, there was no way anyone was dragging me outside). Probably the best thing about this place is that it's priced reasonably for a well-established Vegas eatery (and certainly more reasonably than the $20 room service wrap).. . On my first visit, I tried the chicken caesar wrap, and it was average. There was a ton of lettuce compared to everything else that was on the wrap, and the tortilla was on the stiff side. Overall it was just okay, but out of 5 girls only a couple enjoyed their sandwiches. On my second early-morning visit I got the caprese sandwich, which Earl's was kind enough to customize for me, but in general I left relatively unimpressed.. . Next time, I will stick with leftover P.F. Chang's after a big night out!
Basic sandwich shop. A good option for a quick lunch good quality.
came here for lunch on some recommendations. ordered the original, the italian, and the full montague..  all sandwiches came out roasty toasty, and nicely wrapped.. they are not huge sandwiches, but def well made.. the bread is nice and fresh..  not a ton of filling.. but just enough to hit the spot.. prices are fair, and they are now open 24 hours.. which means.. late nite drunk food.. i've had much better sandwiches elsewhere.. but for a non belly busting vegas meal.. roll on thru!
I think it wasjust the sandwich I got cuz everyone else was raving about their sandwiches. I got the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and it was not what I expected. It did not taste like the usual caribbean flavor, but some other sauce with chicken and a few slices of bell peppers. The sauce was a white-ish cream color when I expected some brown colored sauce.. . But order your sandwich, get a buzzer, find a seat and wait for it to be ready. They pack it to go, but we were lucky to find a seat for 6 people and ate there before our 5 hour drive back to SD.. . The sandwich was still decent, esp for the price of $5.99, but I wish I had gotten one of the deli meat sandwiches. I'll probably have to come back to judge again, but the sandwich I got was alright.
I need to gripe. . . Previous to my most recent visit, this was my go-to spot for a breakfast of Greek Salad w/ grilled chicken. I would have easily given it 5-stars.. . It's cheap and the only place within walking distance that even sells salads this early in the a.m. (they're open 24-hours), not to mention that I actually really ENJOY eating them. . . So I'm staying across the street at the Aria and I make the trek through City Center, across the bridge, through treacherous construction and finally through the PH casino all for this salad.. . I didn't get my salad. . . The girl behind the counter said they weren't available. I assumed they were out of a vital ingredient since I've ordered this salad plenty of times at this hour. She said they might have the salad later that afternoon but I could order a wrap instead. I was mystified by this since they were the same ingredients but in a pita??? After pressing the issue I discovered that the reason she couldn't sell me the salad was they were out of the proper container. Seriously.. . I asked if I could order it and have it served in cups or any other container they had available, I just really wanted the f***ing salad. She had the nerve to look at me like I was crazy!. . She obviously isn't going to win any awards for creative problem solving but she not only lost a sale that day (and the whole rest of the weekend!) but she lost 2 stars as well.. . Note to Management: I still really dig your food and will most definitely visit again but you may want to have a meeting with your employees regarding customer satisfaction and thinking "outside the box".
Everybody said I would LOVE this place, best sandwiches on earth, well...sorry to say I disagree.  They are a great sandwich but the best? I think not.  Very reasonably priced and I would go there again but I sure as hell ain't waiting in a long ass line for that!
After reading a bunch of good reviews I was looking forward to trying their stuff. I'm a sandwich lover so I was nervous when the pix didn't look appetizing.. . I tried the Earl's club minus the tomatoes and with mayo instead of their sauce. The bread looked crappy but was the highlight of the sandwich. The turkey wasn't very good but I was hungry. I'm not a fan of bacon but it was really good/crunchy so it made up for the turkey.. . I'd be willing to try something else at a later time but I won't be making a special trip just for them.
Me & 3 of my friends came here for lunch. The line was extremely long, so we had quite a wait. We ordered:. . The Original. The American. Earl Club. . The Original was the best tasting one of the three we ordered. Good sandwiches and cheap. Plus, they are open real late.
The sandwiches were good but not amazing.
I don't get it, tried the montagu....the bread is unique and that's about it.  The rest tastes pretty basic.  And people were lining up for this??
If you're in Vegas and have't been here, go here. It's a good sandwich place. We got the recommended items (Cannonballs! and the Full Montagu). Pretty decent. I liked the smaller portion sizes for the sandwiches (compared to typical sub places). Nothing spectacular, but not bad at all. Definitely worth a try. For me, A-OK, all the way.
Don't get me wrong, for food i would have rated this place 4 stars, but their SERVICE was awful which brought my rating down to 3 stars.. . lets start with WHY: the service was AWFUL. For a fast food place they do NOT efficiently take advantage of the large staff they have on hand. There are 4 people at the register but only ONE person who is actually ON the register. The other 3 workers are just standing behind the cashier chatting. If there is a LONG line of customers waiting to order, the best thing to do is to open up your second cashier and double the orders. There are plenty of people working on making the sandwiches, its much better than having staff members bored and waiting around while there is a long line of customers. it just looks ridiculous. . . The second time i came here the line was incredibly long and there was only ONE cashier (yet again) so i decided to call in my order instead. I skipped the long line to order n just paid at the register. The person calling out the orders for pick up had the WORST attitude. They kept making comments at me even though i was just patiently waiting. They were just being RUDE. Seriously miss you're working at a sandwich shop in las vegas, for probably minimum wage, please stop power tripping over when i can get my sandwich. . . So SERVICE for this place is TERRIBLE. Workers are rude and the wait is long for NO real reason. Upper management should really consider retraining and restructuring their system. Because terrible service is never acceptable if your running a good sandwich shop. The least you can do is make sure your employees have good customer service.. . ONTO the delicious sandwiches. I would highly recommend the Montagu sandwich. It was seriously the best thing on the menu i had. The sandwich is baked so the cheese is nice and melted. All the ingredients are fresh. I also had their Jerked Chicken sandwich, and it was very good. The grilled chicken was juicy and flavorful and the peppers had a good spicy kick! I also tried their Club sandwich and that was very delectable as well. Bacon was nice and crispy but not burnt. Just something about a nice hot sandwich really hits the spot. Their bread is freshly baked so you really get a good sandwich. THe price is very affordable. One sandwich averages about $5! not bad!!. . honestly The Earl of Sandwich's customer service REALLY killed it for me. I loved the sandwiches but it would be a major hindering factor for me to come back. There are so many great restaurants in Vegas, why would i put myself thru so much crap from the staff members of the sandwich shop. Please keep in mind I came here twice and had a horrible experience with their customer service both times. . . recap:. 1) highly recommend calling in your order because there's usually a long wait. 2) Montagu sandwich is amazing
This was my first time eating here and I guess a bad call because I was still full from lunch and my best friend and I forced ourselves to share a sandwich. We got the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich in hopes that it wasn't too filling but damn - it was. And dammit, it tasted like a Hawaiian pizza which I was not in the mood for. . . I do like the bread to food consistency as sometimes there is just WAY too much bread, and I like that it's a toasted sammich - always love a slight crisp to the tops of my bread. . . Lastly, props for this place being one of the cheapest places on the strip to eat and for my next venture there, I'll make sure to order what their known for versus trying to eat something "else".
A friend recommended this place ,  I am not a sandwich person but was willing to give it a try.  My girlfriends and I stayed at Planet Hollywood for the weekend.  This was our first meal after arriving in Vegas.  I have to admit the sandwiches were really good!  It was a WOW.  However, hours later  we did not feel good at all.  We all got food poison. We were feeling sick throughout our Vegas trip.  I don't think I would be visiting this place again next time around.
All the reviews about the sandwiches were so great I was excited about trying the sandwiches.  It was just ok.  . . The line was long but it does move fast.  The price is pretty good for sandwiches too.  I ordered the tomato soup.  It was a little too creamy and not enough tomato flavor.  The croutons were really good.  . . I had half the meatball sandwich and the chicken jerk.  I did not like the chicken jerk because the sauce was a little creamy and flavorless.  There was supposed to be peppers to add to the flavor but it was so sparse that you couldn't tell there were peppers in the sandwich.  . . The meatball sub was better.  The meatball was big but not dry.  There was just enough sauce so the sandwich wasn't dry.  . . The Montague was actually very good.  I had it w/o cheese and it was still very flavorful. The bacon strips added a nice crisp to the meaty sandwich.  . . Not bad for a sandwich place for lunch but not a must have for me.
You know how some food taste so much better when you're hung over? Well, this is one of those places. . . Unfortunately, I was not hungover when I ate here. Maybe that's why I wasn't really impressed with it. I mean, don't get me wrong... the sandwiches are pretty good. The bread, as everyone else has said, is warm with a crispy outside. There is a long line, but it moves fast and the food is cheap. . . I tried two different sandwiches and a wrap with my friends. The Full Montagu (roasted Beef, turkey, swiss & sharp cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes & the Earl's mustard sauce) was pretty good. There wasn't really anything in it to make me say "WOW!". lol The same goes for the Earl's Club (turkey, smoked bacon, swiss, lettuce, tomatoes, and Earl's sandwich Sauce). As you can see the sandwich ingredients are not anything special. . . Get good bread, a good toaster oven, and a few sandwich stuffers and you have Earl's! . . Quick Tips: . . 1. Come hung over and hungry! It would probably taste amazing! . . 2. Expect a line. It's long but moves fast. . . Would I come again? Sure.
This place is overly hyped especially if you are friends with Vegas FIENDS! LOL. . I tried this on my recently trip to Vegas and I have to say that I have had better. And way better on both my wallet and waist. Easy to say that nothing comes cheap in Vegas except for those lovely free drinks. But good food is hard on your wallet and even harder to find. Since I was staying at Planet Hollywood Westgate, I have actually been at Earl's a total of 5 times for this trip. And each time had me wishing that they would add some more veggies to my bad vodka soaked diet. The bread was sooo DELICIOUS but full of butter and grease. I found out that you can actually ask for veggies or extras in it without a charge! I wish I knew that earlier!! :( But nonetheless it is a pretty good deal for being in Vegas and the portions are not TOO bad. If you're a girl you will be full off of $7 and for a guy.. well it sucks to be you in Vegas anyhow :(
Was very excited to try this place when I saw that it had 4.5 stars after 1400 reviews but was disappointed that it was just okay.  The sandwiches my wife and I ordered were good but nothing special.  I believe that one of the reasons that people give this place 5's and 4's is because they are pretty cheap at around $6 and they are open 24 hrs.  The sandwiches were tasteful but weren't that big and didn't have that much meat on them.  The best part was that they were pretty toasted!  My wife & I both gave this place 3 stars!
Rave review after rave review, earl had finally won a date with me. . . The line was intimidatingly long, so I was pretty reluctant to stand in line. Luckily I spoiled myself a nice overly expensive frothy shake from Sugar Factory to hold me over.. . The menu isn't ridiculously large, so deciding which to get wasn't too arduous. That, and I had a friend who was willing to split two different sammies with me so I'd at least get options.  We tried the club and the roast beef, with a tomato soup. I also got a cookie just to round out my meal.. . The size ofthe sandwich isn't eye popping. In fact, it was nearly disappointing. Definitely not enough meat in there. The bread, however, was soft inside, crispy crusty outside. I honestly think the bread is what makes the sandwiches here notably good.  . . Between the roast beef and club, I preferred the roast beef. There was a hint of horseradish in there that I oddly enjoyed, albeit not being a fan of the stuff at all. I also tried the Montagu, which I think I liked above the rest, but still wasn't anything to write home about. . . The soup was disappointing. Lackluster in flavor and way too diluted. At least they threw a lot of croutons in there.. . Cookies were delicious, at least it left a happy note on my tongue.
Dear Earl,. . Oh how I've been longing to meet you.  . . After multiple Vegas trips, I still couldn't find a good reason to come to your house at the Planet Hollywood Miracle Mile shops until last month.  Not sure if you remember me, but I came with 3 other people and it was their first time meeting you too. . . . I kinda feel bad because I was the one who suggested checking you out. Thank goodness the time I came to see you, there was no line because waiting in line for a sandwich, that shit cray.  But I'm glad my friends enjoyed your company. . . . For me, it was kinda like a going on a date.  Spending money and at the end of the date, I'm left wanting more.  Usually that's a good thing.  But after I left you, I saw some lobster roll place and kinda wish I spent my time and money there.  Which is usually not a good thing.. . However, $5.99 a sandwich, I wouldn't be totally against coming by to see you again.  . . Don't call me, I'll call you.. . Smooches,. . Bong E. . . PS - I got to try The Original and The Club.  Maybe next time I'll try the Cannonball because I had a friend drop a meatball on the floor and thought about eating it.. . Best hot sandwiches ever.  Question Mark.
With the guys preoccupied with "guy stuff," I was left to roam The Strip all by my lonesome. When my tummy notified me that it was lunchtime, I didn't have to search far to find a quick grub spot; I was standing right in front of an ad for Earl of Sandwich! Well, that was effortless, thank you Universe.. . My Caprese Salad & a fountain root beer cost less than $9. I so appreciated the very appropriate portion--just enough for one moderately hungry girl--as some portions in Vegas tend to err on the side of REE-diculous. The tomatoes & mozzarella were fresh, but the salad was kind of drowning in its vinaigrette. Overall, it was un-special & really kind of "meh" but I can't knock a place that serves $5.99 salads & sandwiches.. . Won't be a stop on *my* next trip to Vegas, but if you've just lost your shirt at the blackjack table, *you* may want to stop by this wallet-friendly Planet Hollywood eatery.
i typically don't have time to eat in vegas cause i'm too busy partying but was in town last weekend and there were no pool parties getting in the way of me exploring the strip.. . ive heard SO many good things about Earl of Sandwich and after reading so many yelp reviews i was really excited to try it! unfortunately, i don't really get the hype about this place. maybe everyone is too drunk when they have their meal? let's be honest, almost everything tastes good when you're drunk..  . i ordered the club and it was good but i wasnt that impressed. the bread was toasted perfectly and the ingredients tasted fresh but considering there are a TON of places to eat in vegas, not sure if i'd come back (especially since i heard the wait can sometimes be over an hour!)
This is a great place for an inexpensive sandwich, especially for a spot on the strip.  I tried the Full Montagu and the BBQ chicken.  I didn't really like the BBQ sauce they use, it's way too sweet for my taste.  I was disappointed after reading all the rave reviews for this place.  The sandwiches were good but not great.   I came here for a morning breakfast but I think I would have preferred the breakfast buffet at Bellagio. Yeah, I love buffets.
What is so special about this place?!?!. . I was hungover and starving. We ended up waiting in line for about 30 minutes. Got half a BBQ sandwich/ half a Earls Club (traded with a buddy). None of which was super impressive. Had also tomato soup. Was nothing special.. . Dealing with the wait, and the anticipation, I was extremely disappointed.
This  place is open 24/7  . Whenever I walked by here , this place was always busy.. . Ended up getting the full montagu, which is roasted beef, turkey,  swiss ,cheddar, lettuce, tomatoes & the Earl's Mustard Sauce. . . Order came up got it and it was warm and toasty, good sized sandwich. Biting into it was tasty and made with good quality fixings. . . Good sandwich anytime of the day, filling and helped prevent a terrible hangover the next day.
I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and just did not fall in love with it. The torta like bread was nice and soft, but the chicken, banana peppers and regular red peppers did not work together for me. Their cheddar soup also was a more indulged nacho cheese dip.. . The only plus things would be that this place is open 24/7 for late drunk night eating after clubbing in Vegas. Price is decent, food comes out fast.. . I'll see if we can raise the stars a bit once I figure out what's good and what's not next time around.
The sandwiches here are good, but they're not blow my mind "best  effing sandwich of my lifeeee" good.  . . If you're looking for something unique to Vegas and you're on a budget then this is a good place to eat.  If money ain't a thing and you want some real quality food then I'd look elsewhere.  . . I had the Montagu and the All American; between those 2 I preferred the All American.  It was moist and flavorful.  . . FYI the sandwiches aren't very filling so if you're starving you may want to get 2
i really dunno what all the hoo-rah about this place is. my sandwich was very salty. i've had better sandwiches. definitely better places to eat in vegas.
Who doesn't like a good sandwich?  We chose this place because we were looking for somewhere we haven't eaten at before and was affordable.   The sandwiches here are basic sandwiches and the bread is good.  We ordered soup, which was Luke warm and bland,  and potato salad which was decent as our sides. So why didn't I like it more? I think it's because I like the sandwiches at the NY style deli in the NYNY  hotel that much more, so why wouldn't I just go there instead?
Not sure what people are raving about. The line was weird and no one even says hello are seems like they are friendly. . We had the turkey club and the jerk chicken. Both were ok, but nothing that blew me away.. The bread is tasty and warm. . If you are super hungry it is a quick sandwich place, thats it.
Still can't understand what's so great about this place.. . Granted, this is one of the cheaper places to eat in Vegas. But nothing WOWED me...maybe except for the golden wrapper. So I ordered the Full Montague. I'm not a fan of toasted bread for my sandwiches, but I can see it as a nice touch for some people that do like it. The ingredients were nice and fresh, but I felt like my sandwich was so flat and unfulfilled. I was just hungry and wanted something to hit the spot! It filled me up, but in no way did it hit my spot. =(. . The good thing is that the long line went pretty quick. After I ordered, my sandwich was done in like 5 minutes! Oh yeah, they give you a buzzer to let you know your order is ready, which is cool!. . Anyway, I would take Subway or Panera any day. That's the truth!
Food good !!! Place was so dirty filthy. I could believe it like that's.
I thought this place was very average. I don't know what all the hype is about.  I tried the original which is roast beef as well as the turkey club. Both were good but nothing spectacular.
I tried to like Earl's a lot. I like the concept of a hot sandwich with quality ingredients. The first time I tried Caribbean Jerk Chicken which was tasty, then I tried the Italian which was not too impressive. The chicken noodle soup was wayy too salty. I guess the great thing is that it's affordable, open 24 hours, and a great gathering spot for people after the clubs are closed. Maybe I'll try the original for next time.
My bf heard that this place has the best sandwich in Vegas..well we split a BLT for a late lunch since we had buffet waiting around 7pm..... . It is nonetheless a good sandwich indeed...but what is the best sandwich I wouldn't know cause the day before I had a pretty damn good pastrami sandwich at Canter's Deli in Treasure Island. . . Usually a sandwich place can't really mess up on a sandwich so I feel like  I could only give it three stars...I can't say much about the service since you just order and pick it up.. . Kinda on the pricey side but then again it is Vegas..so everything is pretty much overpriced anyways. Would I eat that this place again? Sure..why not? =)
Earl's is the homie. Here in vegas, Earl of Sandwich is another place that people talk about non-stop and bombard my facebook news feed with their pictures. I always thought it looked good and wanted to try it. So when you're broke from too much gambling and don't have the moneyto eat at the buffets, Earl's is my suggestion for you! Kind of expensive for a sandwich, but also pretty filling and might I add, delicious! I had the full montague and the italian and I like both. I even saved half for a little midnight snack and even after a couple of hours it was still SO GOOD. Definitely check this place out but prepare to stand in line for at least a good 20 mins before getting to order, and have someone save some seats for you!
Earl of Sandwich. You were underrated to my taste.. . Don't know what all the rave & hype is about. Their food tastes the same as Subway's, if not worse. Y'all must be all intoxicated while eating this shit cuz this place tastes OK when you're sober.. . I must admit the bean soup was really good though I was hella drunk while eating it. It was the only "good" taste that stood out. The line is definitely not worth the wait HAHA.. . Props to them for opening 24 hrs. That's probably how they make so much money...charging drunktards (like me that night) for multiple sandwiches. I came back to the hotel with two bags of 2 sandwiches & 2 soups. Wtf.. . It's good munchies food but for lunch? Nahhh I'd rather go to In n Out or Chinatown.
Definitely a good option if you're staying in Planet Hollywood:. - Free wifi. - Reasonable prices (tough to find on the strip).. - Delicious breakfast sandwiches. - Sandwiches that are big enough to fill your tummy.. . If you're in a hurry to get to the casino and do some gambling and want sometihng quick give this place a shot.
4.5 stars? you're joking right? I'm not a hater, it was good but its nothing amazing. For the price I would give it 4.5stars because its like $7 but its nothing special....well it is compared to subway haha.. I had the tuna melt, it was good. They unfortunately only have pepsi productsso if you are a coke line fan like me prepare to be disappointed.
Sandwiches are good. Prices are good (for Vegas). Open 24 hours a plus. However, I don't know how much out of the way I would go just to eat here, esp if there was a long line. Definitely better than Subways or Quiznos. It's good, but not NOM-ilicious great. I have to say I liked their bread a lot though.
Decent sandwiches. I had a Hawaiian BBQ and a Full Montagu, and part of a Club. . . After a couple of times here, however, I'm not entirely sure why people bow down to this place. As I said, it is decent. Sure, it's obviously better than your run of the mill Subway, but Ike's (in the Bay Area) is vastly better.
The only nice thing about Vegas is the fact that it seems cranberry sauce is so readily available. I'm pretty sure I ate thanksgiving like meals the whole time I was there, and Earl of Sandwich wasno exception. The sandwich I had was GREAT though! I dont remember the name, but it had Turkey and maybe bacon and cranberry sauce and ranch on it. Sounds like an odd combo-but it was wonderful.. Had a cookie for desert but it wasn't anything special.
this place is still.. just ok to me. the salads here are gross. ok, i admit i ordered a chinese chicken salad.. but still! how do you go wrong with that!? I came to realized that the only thing I like here is the Tuna Melt Sandwich. that's it.
I've only been here when friends from outta town insist on stumbling through the Planet Hollywood to handle our post club grub, all of us at various states of public drunkenness looking for a place to wind down the nite.. or real early morning.. . I don't necessarily understand what the hype is about surrounding these sandwiches. But I'm thinking one of the main reasons its so popular is because of the lack of places to eat on the Strip that don't break the bank. I appreciate the variety of flavors and influences on top of the more traditional sandwiches on the menu. Plus I like the idea of healthy options available @ 3am. However! Two nites in a row at around 3 or 4am-ish they were resetting their systems. Why? When you know you're about to get a huge rush of hungry belligerents coming after you? No bueno. . . From what my hazy memory can recollect, all the sandwiches I've had and taken random bites from have been consistently solid, hot and tasty. Good enough for me. Everything tastes like your eating sweet ambrosia picked from Athena herself when you're toasted/FUBAR anyhow.
3 breakfasts and a late lunch at EoS as we were too laxy and poor to venture out beyond the strip. Sandwiches are good, but for 3 consective days is a bit much, even if you're trying to save money on breakfast.
Bah, overrated. It's good, but what's the hype about? I can think of many places where I've had a better sandwich.. . Vegas, you can do better!
Ehhhh, more like 2 1/2 for me.  I think it was just because Yelp made it seem like it was the best thing on the strip!  . . Well, maybe my opinion is skewed because I got a breakfast sandwich, which was not great at all.  The saving grace?  It was RIGHT next to our room and it was priced very very fairly.  . . Food: I got the Bacon, egg, and Swiss breakfast sandwich.   It was early in the morning and we had all been drinking. The sandwich came out PIPING hot. I thought that I was going to bite into it and be struck with inspiration to go and do something with my life.  All I got was a mediocre "ehhhh".  I mean don't get me wrong, would I go out and get it again?  Yup, since it's so convenient.  I like my bacon crispy.  It wasn't crispy.  I guess I just had unreal expectations from yelp reviews.  . . Price:  This probably earned the 3 stars rather than the 2 stars.  I think that it was VERY VERY reasonable.  After losing 90 bucks the night before, the last thing I wanted to do was shell out another 12 bucks for a breakfast sandwich.  . . CONCLUSION:. . I guess I'll just go and try it again.  I think I might go and get an actual regular sandwich next time, since that's what everyone is saying is good.
Let's set some guidelines. In the category of Fast Food...subset Sandwhiches, this rates 3 stars- A OK. The concept is interesting but the execution still screams Fast Food...and no more. If I were 25 and had been drinking most of the night and found this place open at 1 am it would rate higher..,however, I was looking for something much better to substantiate the 4 1/2 stars and 1300 odd reviews. This time...unfortunately Yelpers let me down.
What is everyone smoking? Quiznos in a casino.
From my experience, the sammys taste better the day after. . . They are OKAY hot and fresh, and PRETTY GOOD cold after a good nights rest or a flight home. I tried the original and the turkey. Too much hype?
So much hype. 50% of the customers here are Asians who yelp about it.. . Sandwiches are OK, they're normal. Try not to get a pressed sandwich with lettuce, it tastes weird because the lettuce is hot and weird.. . Frozen Lemonade is too sweet, don't get it. It's famous, but it's not good.. . I guess it's good for a snack, especially because there's not too many cheap snack places in Vegas.
Not really sure what all the hype is...and apparently I'm going against the norm of all the other Asians that love this place.  HA.  It's kind of like a combination between Quizno's and Potbelly.  I think Potbelly is better.  I had the club and it was good, just seems like a lot of bread and nothing over the top.  The potato salad was good, but again, nothing out of the ordinary.  I certainly wouldn't wait in the ridiculously long line that forms here some times!
After a failed attempt to give Earl and Sandwich a shot back in September, I was happy to finally get my hands on one of their sandwiches last week. Preciousssss...(Golem from 'The Lord of The Rings'). . NO LINE, YES!. I've read many Yelpers reviews that talk about having to wait in line. When we got to Earl's, thankfully when we got there, there was NO line. SCORE! I ordered The Earl's Club, and some pasta salad, and some chips, and (THERE'S ALWAYS ROO FOR DESSERT. WARNING WARNING.) a cookie and a fruit  parfait (I WAS HUNGRY!!!). =X . . NO LOVE AT FIRST BITE. Eh, there wasn't anything special about this sandwich and how it tasted. In fact I've had better sandwiches elsewhere (Little Lucca's in South San Francisco, CA). I was fairly disappointed because of the rave reviews I've read here on Yelp. Don't get me wrong the sandwich was still good, it was mediocre tasting and nothing to rave about. =X Goodness, I hope I don't get shot for this review!! . . CONCLUSION. Everything I ordered, that includes sides and desserts were just okay. Not awesome, not horrible BUT okay. So....3 STARS! Would I come back? Eh, maybe if I was desperately craving for a sandwich. =)
This place has many, many good Yelp reviews, so I bookmarked it a while back.  Finally, we drove to the strip and gave it a try.  It is inside the Planet Hollywood Hotel & Casino (Las Vegas Boulevard & Harmon).  The Earl is near the Southern most entrance facing the Las Vegas Strip, right next to the Sugar Factory and the sports book.  The line was really long when we arrived and the seating appeared to be full.  I hate standing in line, but that is a good sign that they are doing something right.  Surprisingly, the line moved quickly.  The Earl is known for their hot sandwiches, we ordered two:  The Original 1762 is one of their signature hot sandwiches with roast beef, sharp cheddar, and creamy horseradish sauce on an artisan baked loaf.  I enjoyed the horseradish mayo.  The French Dip is only being served for a limited time.  It has roasted beef , sauteed red onions, on an artisan baked loaf and comes with Au Jus on the side.  I think they should have given a little more Au Jus.  We added a bowl of creamy tomato soup served with burnt croutons.  Cups of ice water are free.  Their bread is pretty good, but they are a bit stingy with the meat.  They slice the sandwich in half and the meat is clumped in the center giving the appearance that it has lots of meat.  Feels a little like false advertising.  The whole bill came in around $18.  By the time we got our food there was plenty of seating.  Apparently people move through pretty quickly.  The Earl is basically fast food like Quiznos or Panera Bread.  This place has a ton of reviews because it is one of the few places on the strip for tourists to get descent food at a low price.  I would eat there again if in the area, but it is not worth the hassle of the strip just for a sandwich.  Hey locals, there are far better options off the strip.  Looking for a good sandwich in a fast food type environment?  Try Jason's Deli.
After hearing about this place , i decide to have a meal here and i have to say , i think it is overrated. The sandwiches i tried was the Full Montagu and the Caribbean Jerk Chicken. Both were alright. The earl grey lemonade is a good twist to your original half and half.  The good part about this place is that it is 24hrs so , when pinks is closed , people will still be coming here.
Come on, people.  It's a good sandwich but it's not life-changing in any way.. . Maybe it's because I had a meat-free sandwich.  Maybe it's because I was here at 5:30 p.m. and not 3:30 a.m.  Whatever it was, I can't imagine myself going back unless it's the wee hours of the morning, I'm drunk, and I just so happen to be at Planet Hollywood.. . I had the Caprese sandwich.  It was fine, but Slidin' Thru is at least 13 times better.  There was lots of mozzarella cheese and some fresh basil, but something about the sandwich didn't pop for me.  Plus I didn't get why it was heated.  It was the first time I had a hot Caprese sandwich and it just didn't feel right to me.. . For the Strip, the prices are great.  For a local, the price is a buck or two more than it's worth.  Not huge, so if you're starving you may want to consider ordering two.. . Was thinking about two stars since I was unimpressed and the employees were some of the most unsmiliest I've seen.  But I will give props to the more affordable Strip prices and for the fact that they gave me a free sandwich for my birthday.
I got the BLT, which was like any other BLT, but I give props to the soft and toasted bread!  That's all.. . Potato soup-ok, but wasn't even that warm!  Chicken noodle soup-standard.  . . Salad-standard.  The dressing and cheese helped a lot.. . Overall, it's pretty good and there was seating for our group of 7, but nothing too amazing.
Where were all these people coming from?!?!  We were starving and had decided a quick sandwich was the way to go.  Unfortunately the line was wrapped out and around and we didn't feel like waiting.  My bad-that wait was indicative of the wait for food throughout Vegas.  After trying several other places we came back defeated and this time the line was greatly reduced-only about 25 people deep.  Best hot sandwich?  Hardly.  But a decent sandwich for a decent price with good bread.  . . *personal gripe-is there really a need for HFCS in the mac salad?!?!
Their sandwich helped me transition quickly from "HUNGover" to food coma + Family Guy episodes.. . It didn't taste very good, but it did the trick at a low price.
Not sure what all the fuss is here. I saw tons of 4 and 5 star reviews, but the Original roast beef sandwich was nothing spectacular. It wasn't entirely hot when I got it, plus their wasn't much flavor to the meat. I had to smother it in Grey Poupon to get some taste.. . The Wisconsin cheddar soup was pretty good, but I wasn't entirely convinced that it didn't just come from some can.. . One major plus, the food was relatively cheap, with good portions, which is hard to come by in Vegas.. . Perhaps that explains all the high reviews.
I don't get the hype.  It's ok.  Nothing special.  For a Vegas spot located inside a casino, it is a pretty good price though.  Overall, it's just eeh.
This place is alright. Not too sure what all the hype is about? It's just a fancier version of Subway in my opinion. Definitely wouldn't wait in the long line for this, but it's cheap, so I see the enticement. . I tried the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and The Original 1762, both were just alright
they make a decent sandwich for the price.. the bread is excellent.. but it's really not worth coming here if you're sober as there are plenty of better dining options nearby
Good sandwich and its open late. We like to go here when we are on the Strip and walking around at night. There is usually a line and sometimes seating can be a challenge, but thats only because its busy. The cost isn't bad at all for a place on the strip (go to Pinks outside and you will pay more for a Hotdog). . It isn't a culinary masterpiece rather a good sandwich wrapped in a nice warm roll. I would also suggest adding a brownie to your meal as they are very good. All in all, its better then Subway, cheaper then Pinks and a hell of a lot of fun watching the drunks stumble through the casino.
Great tasting sandwiches at a decent price. They will leave you satisfied without being stuffed. They are open pretty late so it's a good place to come when your buzzed.
Tuna Salad melt -- add banana peppers.  I'd go back for this.... . French Dip -- very sad, particularly when compared to the tuna melt.. . close to the casino with a line out the door that makes you want to bail - but it moved quickly.
This is a good place to eat at if you don't have a car to get off of the strip to find cheaper food.   A sandwich is about 6 bucks here and that doesn't include chips and a drink.   The Full Montagu is great but a little on the small side for what you pay.  I would say the sandwich is about 4.5 to 5 inches.   . . The restaurant is easy to find.  It's off of the casino in Planet Hollywood.  My only complaint is that being so close to the casino there are people smoking in the walkway and that makes for a not so pleasant dining experience for us non-smokers.
In terms of value, this place is great.  Very affordable.  Also heard that it's open 24 hours, which is also a plus.. . Sandwiches were only okay, and they didn't leave my full for too long (I was hungry about 2-3 hours later).  Great place for a quick bite, not intending on going out of my way to come back here though.
Hm, not sure why I decided to get a Tuna Melt for my very first Earl's sandwich...It was bread, tuna, and swiss cheese. Something I think I could have easily made myself? . . I am looking forward to updating this review after I've tried more of their sandwiches. I mean...4.5 stars IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD! But for now...eh. Be Back Laterrrr
I usually like this place... For some reason yesterday it just felt overrated... I've written that on two restaurants from one trip and I'm starting to reconsider trusting yelp for Vegas finds... It feels like most of the reviews are swayed by the drunkenness of the situation. I ordered the original- the bread was good the mustard was good but the roast beef was impossible to eat. While I likes the thick cut of it it was hard to take a bite without pulling the remaining roast beef out of your sandwich... And since Earl's is an open restaurant you don't want the rest of vegas watching you struggle with a sandwich. . I thought maybe I was the only one who felt that...but the other girls I ate with all thought it was overrated.. . Overall, it's a good deal for vegas, but not worthy the hype.
More hype than anything.  It tastes like any other sandwich from a DECENT deli.  Out of convenience, it's probably one of the easier things to eat after clubbing or something.  I've had the Hawaiian, some kind of BBQ one, and the roast beef.  All seemed okay to me.  Didn't make me want to go out of my way or jump for joy to get one.  It's a good sandwich, indeed.  Not really what people have made it to be.
I heard that Earl has the best sandwiches in town, and I finally made it back to Vegas to give it a whirl. Kudos for the fast lines and quick service. As for the sandwich itself, I didn't think it was anything special. It's bready and there wasn't enough meat. Also a bit small. I had the full montague and cannonballs. I'll stick to the secret pizza for my midnight snacking.
Can't go wrong with the Signature The Earl's Club, layers of meat and fresh lettuce and tomato. I also tried the Hawaiian BBQ, pineapple and ham. . . The sandwiches reminded me more of a panini, maybe it's because of the toasty artisan bread and the melt cheese. Overall, great sandwiches and good for quick bites and late nights. Some days, the line will be around and out but personally I don't think it's worth more than a 30 minute wait for these sandwiches.. . Quick tip: They take phone orders.
Heard a lot of hype about this place. It is definitely a good price for a good amount of sandwich. The different variations sound delicious too. We tried the classic club one and the roast beef one.. . First bite, the bread is awesomely crisp and toasted. Inside, the mustard overpowered anything else and the meat was okay. The special sauce was overpowered. For me, it tasted like any old sandwich but with better bread. There wasn't anything too special to me. If you are from the bay, LITTLE LUCCAs is so much better!. . However, it's decent and I would try more of the variations if I go back.. . Earl...I expected you to be more of a pEarl.
I'm no sandwich connosieur but this place was all hype. The time I went there wasn't a line, thank god. I ordered the original and it was okay. I prefer a more seasoned sandwich say from Subway haha can not lose with my trusty Cold Cut Combo but this place was all right. I guess for a quick bite which it may not be that quick since I saw a line straight into the casino. If you walk by and there is no line then check it out and judge for yourself.
Earl of Sandwich is probably the best damn thing you will ever eat....if you are drunk and it is 4am. Otherwise you might as well hit up a Togo's. If it is daytime, you can find a lot better food within walking distance. The line moves fast, so don't worry if it's out to the casino. The iced tea is pretty good and I enjoyed the cannonball sammie. Anthony N. is right, it is a pretty good deal, I believe I fed my family of 4 for $30.
I'm not really sure why everyone loves this place. Yes it's cheap for vegas, and yes it's open late. But that's it in my opinion. The sandwiches themselves are better than subway but about the same level as quizznos. It's just okay and my theory is the higher reviews correlate with a higher level of toxicity. I think there are better places to go like Grand Luxe at the Venetian or Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan.
We were in a rush so we grabbed something here. I have heard a lot about this place, but sadly I wasn't hungry enough to try one of their sandwiches. Instead, I ordered a Chinese Chicken salad, my sister's bf ordered a Tuna Salad, and my bf ordered a sandwich (I think turkey with cranberries?). The salads were only decent... something spectacular. The sandwich was good, the cranberries were a nice touch, but it wasn't the greatest sandwich ever. . . I want to say this place is over-rated, but I have to try a sandwich to make that claim. Their frozen lemonade was good.... typical. Service was rushed and when our to-go bag handle broke, the servers behind the counter were in such a rush to get everyone's order in that he didn't bother to replace the bag. Oh well.. . Might try it again, esp since they are coming to Downtown Disney in Anaheim.
Over rated place. We tried only vegetarian sandwiches. . They were just okay. We liked their tomato soup. Just an average sandwich place!!
I just got back from vacation in Vegas, and one night when hungry I was looking for a quick bite to eat.  I saw the high Yelp rating for this place and headed here.  There was a long line when I arrived, but the line went quickly.  I ordered the chipolte chicken avocado sandwich along with a bag of chips and a drink which came out to somewhere around $12.  . . I found the sandwich to be a good sandwich, but not the best I have had, especially for the price point (although this was in Vegas, so maybe prices in other locations differ).  The main thing setting this place apart from other sandwiches that I have had was the bread that the sandwich was on.  The bread was very tasty and that was what really made the sandwich.  It had a nice light buttery taste to it which really gave flavor to the whole sandwich.  Overall, I thought this was a good solid sandwich which I would order again, but do not see the hype or have the same love for it others seem to.
Tucked inside the Planet Hollywood Casino, the Earl of Sandwich has received quite the praise from the Yelp community.  However, there is nothing entirely unique about what in my mind really amounts to something that I wouldn't be surprised to receive at Potbelly's or Quizno's.  Sure, Vegas needs cheap food as well, and Earl of Sandwich certainly qualifies.  However, for all the people who are practically nutting about a sandwich that uses good bread and good meat in a wholly predictable manner, I'm just going to have to say that I'm missing the allure entirely.  . . I ordered the Full Montague as a hangover cure following a night of extravagant drinking.  It's basically a roast beef and turkey sandwich lined with cheddar and swiss cheese.  Condiments?  A row of lettuce and tomatoes are included along with a line of mustard.  . . That's really it.  There isn't anything magical about it at all.  I'm not going to dock it for my moderate disappointment (after all, it absolutely housed Marilyn's Cafe which was at a similar price point), but I'm not going to pretend it was something more than an average experience.  I'd go here again if I wanted something fast and cheap.
dont worry about the line, it moves fast.
I don't see what all the hype is about, it's a sandwich.  Perhaps I'm confused or ordering 'the original' was a mistake.  It was OK, definitely not a life changing OMG this is amazing moment. If I happen to be at PH again I don't even know that I would opt for this place over the Roasted Chicken Salad Sandwich at the PBR bar which is right next store, now that thing is memorable.. . It's average, kinda reminded me of Quiznos.....so if you like that, this is your place, you'll just pay more for it.
After finishing our 1st rounds of the casino, we were dying of hunger. I was tiredof subway and wanted a change in my sandwich. . . I happen to discover a crowded sandwich place "Earl of Sandwich". They had a variety of options. I tried the 'Veggie' and 'Caprse' sandwich and they were good, hot, buttery and freshly made. The creamy tomato soup was perfect with the sandwich. The crunchy'Mediterranean Wrap' was delicious too. And if you are not conscious for your calories, then you must try their 'Triple Chocolate Brownies'. . . The only turn-off was that they had no wheat bread. Overall a nice quick place to eat in Vegas.
The sandwiches are good but not as good as the earl in Orlando. This location is never consistent with the sandwiches ... I always order the full montagu but for some reason the one in ph serves it different every time. Sometimes the beef is completely brown and cooked through .. Sometimes it's perfect and sometimes its dripping blood and when you bring it to their attention .. They say that's how its cooked .. I now only go for sugar cookies and their salad ... Though still not as yummy as the earl in Orlando .. So depressing :(
I'm trying to understand the hype that surrounds Earl of Sandwich. But really it's just a warm sandwich that you can get any time of the day. I think the fact that it's 24 hours and it's a sandwich place that's not Subway makes this place so popular.. . I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and an Earl's Grey Lemonade. I paid at the register and patiently waited for my drink. The cashier asked me to wait on the side and that it would take just a few minutes for me to get my drink. 10 minutes pass and i'm awkwardly standing next to the cash register. Where is my drink? No one was giving me any information? Eventually I ask someone working there for my drink and show him my receipt. He tells me that they don't have any Earl's Grey Lemonade right now. Wait... what? I already paid! Being the nice person that I am I opted for an iced tea instead. I got no apology or compensation for the drink mishap and the wait. That turned me off a little bit.. . Then I took a bite of my Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. It was good, but not great. The sandwich was a little bit on the dry side. I liked the bread they served it on, but the chicken pieces weren't that juicy and whatever sauce they spread on the sandwich was not enough. They need to pack their sandwiches with more sauce so we can get some kind of flavor out of it.
I was excited to go to this often raved about place, but left with a good, so-so experience.. . I got the Montague with the Wisconsin Cheddar soup, Earl's lemonade and cookie bites. . . The sandwich was tasty, but I found a little bland. For me, it could've use more condiments or sauce, but by the time I was eating, I was out of range of any. The roast beef was really good though, I can tell, but I could've done with either more or crisper veggies. My preference. The bread is nice and toasted. . . The Wisconsin cheddar soup was ok. Not a fan of cheese soups. I used it as a dip for my sandwich to give it more flavor. . . Earl's lemonade was kind of watery tasting, but I figured I might have been either used to or expecting really strongly flavored drinks. I think a sweeter or more tea flavor would've been nice.. . I didn't like the cookie bites, I found them too dry and hard, but my boyfriend really like them. . . It's a tasty sandwich and meal overall, but the line is killer. I would eat there again if it weren't for the crowd.
Excellent sandwiches!!  I've gone here a handful of times and the food is delicious for anything comparable in price in Vegas.. . The reason for the lower rating is that the last time I went, their 'systemwent down for 30 minutes' which apparently means they aren't able to make a sandwich.  So there were 10 or so employees standing around with knives, meat and bread right in front of them.  I'm guessing either the employees wouldn't know how to count change without a computer, or the management has no plan in place to service the customer when something like that happens.  Quite disappointing.  After 5 minutes of waiting I went somewhere else.. . The chances of this happening to the readers are probably low, so don't let this stray you from their great sandwiches.
**** 2.5 stars ****. . I suppose this is technically an edible sandwich and it's cheap, which is the only reason I'm rounding up here, but what the hell is with all this praise? 2,000 reviews+ and still a 4.5 star rating for something less edible than any random Quiznos or Potbelly... I just don't get it. Granted, I was doing everything I could to keep my brain from pounding out of my skull as Brian and I waited patiently in the somewhat quick moving but incredibly long line, but I still think I was functioning enough to know that this was a disappointment of pretty big proportions.. . A few years ago when Nicole was staying in Vegas for a brief conference I suggested the Earl as one of the places she should definitely hit for a quick meal, based mainly on the overwhelming number of positive reviews. Her response was basically "it's a good sandwich", with little emphasis in either direction. I thought, OK, maybe she just tried the wrong one (although it was definitely the one I would have gone for as well). I happened to see Venu N's review just prior to my trip, and it sort of confirmed what I was fearing, that this was somehow just the average public broadcasting basement show which somehow snowballed itself into primetime relevance. Or perhaps it's some combination of groupthink with the more dangerous drunkthink.. . I think I only paid about $6 for my "Cannonballs!" sandwich, which is probably fair enough, but it was just so unimpressive. Just look at the photo, it's sad. The bread was warm and toasted on the ends but not so much in the middle, and the meatballs were sparse and cold inside. I felt less awful, physically, after eating it, but I'm not so sure that statement couldn't have applied to virtually anything at that point. There really just isn't anything special here. I was certainly still hungry afterwards, as these sandwiches are pretty small when compared to their competition.. . I implore you, ignore all the "amazing" and "OMG" nonsense that you'll read here. It really is quite a simple creation that has a different name people aren't familiar with (outside of the Yelp praise), and thus they mistakenly value it higher than any other chain which could easily supplant it. If you, for some reason, happen to be in this dreadful mall and simply cannot make it anywhere else before dying of starvation, then go ahead and eat here. Otherwise, find a better meal elsewhere, because really, who comes to Vegas to go the cheap route?
A solid sandwich.  I wouldn't recommend a special trip.  I'm mystified by all the gushing in these reviews, really.  The place ain't bad, though.
After a long night of clubbing in Vegas, my friends and I started to get hungry and we decided to check out Earl of Sandwich because of the raving reviews. Located in Planet Hollywood, it is pretty convenient and easy to find if you're staying somewhere on the strip. . . I ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and it was decent, but not the best sandwich I've ever had. It's a good munchie snack but I probably wouldn't dine here for a proper lunch or dinner with all the other numerous food options around the area.
So freaking average. We came here because of all the reviews. We waited in a super long ass line and had a little trouble finding it. All that to get to mediocre sandwiches. I did notice that 90 percent of the line looked like college students. Maybe because it was somewhat affordable is why so many people like it. Otherwise, I don't get it.???
"The World's Greatest Hot Sandwich" . . Hardly.. . If you truly believe that, thenyou've never eaten at Ike's in San Francisco. (http://www.yelp.com/biz/ikes-place-san-francisco). . Ike's Dutch Crunch bread puts Earl's "artisan" bread to shame and while I would love to go off on the variety of sandwiches Ike's has compared to Earl's, and the fact that the Ike's Dirty Sauce just kills everything else Earls could even offer, I won't.. . Is it fair to compare the two? Well, when you have a tag line like "The World's Greatest Hot Sandwich"... well you better have the-worlds-greatest-hot-sandwich. . . I tried 3 different sandwiches just to get a grasp of what they were doing:. . Full Montague - nothing special. Italian - my favorite of the 3, but it's hard to go wrong with salami, capicola, mozzarella, etc.. Caribbean Jerk Chicken - not a fan of this flavor profile. . Actually, my favorite thing they had there was what I pulled out of the freezer... the Brownie Cream Pie. I'm not a dessert person, but the brownie was rich without being too sweet and went well with the ice cream. . . I guess you could say this review is a hype vs reality thing. I don't know if everyone is just so drunk and hung over that their taste buds are out of whack or, the fact that the shape and wrapper give everyone the illusion that they are about to eat something "golden", but realize this sandwich is just a small step up from Quizno's... It's good bite to eat when your on the strip and need quick fix, but let's keep it real folks... 3 stars is being generous. (That's more a of a quality to value rating more than anything)
Simply not the best sandwiches I've ever eaten.  We ordered the Full Monty, Jerk Chicken, All American, & The Original.   I got to try each one.  Each one lacked flavor and meat.   My family was not fully satisfied and was left hungry for something else more to eat... Anything but an Earl sandwich.  . . The service was lack luster.   The kids behind the counter were unenthusiastic and seem to hate their jobs.  I'm finding this type of work culture pervasive in Vegas.  It's unfortunate that the tourist in Vegas ready to spend their vacation money aren't treated with some degree of enthusiasm.   I'll get off my soap box... Else I can ramble on about this topic. . . The one good thing about the Earl is that it is quick.  We received our sandwiches neatly packed and bagged in under 10 mins.   Will we be back?  My kids say 'yes'.   They hate the long wait for tables and food in Vegas, so the Earl is just fine for them... I'm not too opposed as the sandwiches are a healthy alternative to some of the junk food on the strip.  . . This is my humble opinion.  Not sure what the other five star YELP reviews are all about...  To each their own.
Don't let the long line scare you it moves very quick. Came in to grab lunch on a Wednesday afternoon a little after 2PM and there were 20 people ahead of us and only waited 5 minutes to order and a total of 20 minutes before stuffing my pie hole with a sammage. . . Huge menu with specialty sandwiches, salads, soups and desserts hang on the wall. Order at the front and given a pager then walk down a line filled with tempting add-ons like chips, drinks and desserts before you reach the other end of the counter to pay. Classic display of adding sales. . . Once you pay you wait until the pager lights up and vibrates which tells you the chow is ready. . . Order for two sandwiches took 10 minutes. They are wrapped in gold foil paper and are toasty warm. We found a table and got down to business. I had the Caribbean jerk chicken sandwich which came on a white roll with banana peppers and roasted red peppers. Portion was average around 6 inches. It tasted okay and was filling. . . Price can't be beat for Vegas $6.00 bucks each. It is like a quiznos sandwich. Nothing exciting nor fancy just an average sandwich.
Maybe I just didn't get the right sandwich but Iwas really expecting more from Earl of Sandwich given how many of my friends have gone during their Vegas trips. I got the hawaiian bbq but it just tasted like any other sandwich... and with way too much bbq sauce. Blech. :/ I'd give it another try I guess, but I'm definitely not getting that one again.
The sandwiches are whatevs. I think they're a little overrated but they're made on the spot so it's fresh and warm! They're also at a good price and they're open 24/7 which makes it a great spot for your after-vegas-shenanigans meal. . . Their selections are pretty standard, but the holiday sandwich was my favorite! Too bad they only have it seasonally :( If you're ever there in the winter make sure you try that one! It's a turkey sandwich with stuffing and cranberry sauce. SO GOOD. Not too excited about anything else on the menu so I'm pretty much out of luck for most of the year. . . Lines are long and waiting for your food seems even longer, you've been warned!
Yah just 3stars. ***. .  Nothing much to rave about... it's a sandwich shop..  Who can't make an edible sandwich?? (rhetorical question) . . I DO know that the chicken caesar wrap was pretty darn good. Some things that would've made it better, was if they used romain lettuce and not mixed greens, parmesean cheese and croutons (the last two were missing from my wrap). These missing ingredients didn't take away from the sandwich, but would've elevated their star rating! LOL!. . If in the area again while in Vegas I might stop by. But I can guarantee you I'm not running to this place like some...it's just not that serious, again it's just a sandwich!
Their sandwiches are at a really good price. I got the loaded potato and I wouldn't recommend it. But my Caprese sandwich was to die for!
Me and the Fiance stayed at Planet Hollywood, we wanted sumthin simple... came here! The line gets long but depending what time you go, if you go late nite... expect a lil wait! OK so I got the cannon ball (meatball sub) bland tasting... thought it was going to be decent... it was just edible... I hate wasting food! My lady got the Tuna Melt... man o' man, oh so good! it's so freakin simple... nuthin fancy schmancy on the tuna itself, js a lil mayo n prob salt n pepper to taste! melted cheese and toasted bread! The tuna is great, don't taste like its from a can... well I wanted to redeem my sad choice from the first visit... So I got the original! great hot beef samich with cheese and horse radish sauce! We tried 2 sides, the mac salad, n potato salad... potato was better than the mac salad.  The brownies are pretty good, moist... the best is the ice cream sandwich brownie... great! All in all, if you want a decent sub... this place is pretty good.
It's just a hot sandwich..... With funky names. Not impressed.
This is how you eat cheaply and quickly in Las Vegas. The roast beef and tuna sandwiches are safe bets.
Delicious, not earth shattering. Potbelly is better. However, in a sea of overpriced and mediocre food options, this place is well-priced - cheap, even! - and thus a standout.
Eh. it's just too hyped. Honestly I think its good because it's super hot when it comes out but thats about it. Also, the good thing about this is that its 24 hr. I mean, being drunk in Vegas trying to look for something to eat, then this will do. . . I've definitely had better sandwich and being in Vegas I don't think this would be a "MUST" try place. I've tried the tuna and bbq sandwich and they were both just "ok". Nothing like WOW i must have again. . . I think the cool thing about this sandwich place is that they serve bottle beers too which is sometimes nice with a sandwich! Other than that, its not something i'll come back for when i'm in Vegas.
This review has been sitting here, even thou I felt there is something missing, but I want to empty some these drafts.  . . I'm really puzzled by such high rating.  I went there with my kids bc the good yelp reviews, but I couldn't be more disappointed!  . . The main thing that bothered me was the smell.  I'm not a smoker, so it was very hard to sit in a smoke permeated place to enjoy my sandwich.  There seems to be a lot of smokers in this area on that day and no one seemed to be bothered by that.  . . Secondly, their sandwich tasted average, nothing caught my fancy.  Maybe we ordered the wrong ones, I had the Earl's Club, the kids had  the tuna melt and meatball, we finished our meal as fast as we could before we were out of the breath.  So unless i'm happen to be in the area, I wouldn't trek on the hot pavement to come back during the daytime.. . Third, it's too busy. Had to wait in line for a while to get the sandwiches.  It's centrally located,  so I reckon the location and price could be part of the reasons for it's popularity.
HYPE. I think that's what gets people to go here. So many people have raved about this place and how good their sandwiches are, so I was expecting full flavor sandwiches that lived up to the hype. Unfortunately, I was disappointed. I have to say that the sandwiches are reasonably priced and are good, but I don't really know what's so special about them. If I hadn't gone here for lunch, I don't think I'd be missing out on much. If you're curious about this place, def give it a try. If you're expecting a lot.. maybe lower your expectations so you won't be disappointed.
Located in Planet Hollywood, Earl Of Sandwich has been getting positive reviews. So let me keep it short and sweet:. . Long Lines. . Affordable 6 inch sandwich. . THE EARL CLUB SANDWICH is one of the most popular. ($6.30) It was tasty, toasted and hit the spot. They could spare more meat. I wish it had a little more.. . It is a decent spot that I will try again.
A little over hyped in my opinion but it is a good cheap LATE night spot to grab a bite to eat.. . The line is incredibly long at times but moves pretty fast.. . Perfect end of day / start of next day snack before hitting the hay.
3.5 actually.  Not bad, but not the best I've tasted in my life.  I wish there was less cheese in the Montangu.
I guess you have to be drunk to give this five stars. . . The food was...how can i describe it? ...mediocre. . I got the Caprese was ok, nothing to write home about.  The bread was nothing special, not super fresh. The tomato soup (IIRC) was meh.. . Would I wait in line again for this? no.
It's close to ten bucks for a sandwich and a drink, and don't be expecting a footlong like from Subway.  I'd say that whatever bread they pick, it's about 6-8 inches long for the subs which makes you long for more.. . Which sucks because when you finish, you do feel like you're left with this emptiness inside.. . I had a Chipotle Chicken Avocado that was.... WOW.  Like... uhh... WOW.  But the size of it really makes you want a AYCE sandwich shop.  The food is too good to be drunken stupor food, but the size of it doesn't quite qualify the money unless you're accounting for Strip economics.
After hearing so much about this place I had to try it.   I had split the Earl Club and the Montagu sandwich and I think the Montagu was the best of the 2.  On both the meat was warm and moist and the bread was also really good. But I wish the sandwiches had more taste.  . . My friend said that the Chipotle chicken was really good so maybe get that one if you want a more tasty sandwich
I seriously don't see the hype.  I got the original sandwich and it was good, but does not rank as one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  The meat was nice and tender, but the bread was dry and I ended up dipping it in the soup I ordered.  Maybe more of a spread would have helped.  I also ordered the the cobb and the broccoli and cheddar soup.  Minus the dried cranberries, the cobb was good.  I spent a fair amount of time picking out the cranberries, but in the end I liked the salad.  It wasn't overly dressed which is a pet peeve of mine, so I was happy.  The soup was like any other soup I could have ordered from quiznos or another sandwich shop like that.  Nothing special.  Would I go back to Earl of Sandwich to try another sandwich?  Perhaps.  But I'd probably order another soup or grab some extra mayo and mustard packets just in case!
Last stop before I left Vegas, and since I was staying in PH, it was a short walk from the valet. . . The line moves very fast about 10 minutes max, so don't be scared it it seems very long.  The wait for the sandwiches was about 7 minutes. . . We ordered the Italian & the Chipotle Chicken..  The Chipotle Chicken was very savory, especially with the fresh avocado. . I love any Italian style sandwiches, and my sandwich was delicious.  The bread was sooo buttery and crispy and moist, all at the same time. . . I just don't think the price was worth $6.50 for sandwich, the sandwich was only 6 inches long... that's' a very small size, I could probably have had 2 sandiches to feel completely full.. Plus they are expanding to the OC as well, where I would definitely not pay $6.50 for a sandwich,since there are so many other good places around.   . . Plus for being open 24/7 though !!!
World's greatest hot sandwich?. They are good, but great? I think I was expecting some fireworks to start going off in my mouth seeing all the rave reviews.  I was expecting some really innovative flavor combinations on the menu, but what I found seemed fairly safe bets. . I tried the Italian and it was tasty, generous in size, and a fair price for a sandwich. . It was around normal lunch hours and I was sober. Maybe I needed to change my approach and hit this place up twelve hours after that time.
For a strip sandwich shop, this place is probably the choice if you're near it. The sandwiches are heated little masterpieces. They are priced well, surprisingly, and very satisfying. Although, only satisfying when you don't think about them too much.. . They are skimpy on the meat, and they only have white bread as a choice, but still - for some reason, it's really good. Maybe it's the whole baking process they send their sandwiches through. It works wonders (I think Subway caught onto this with the whole "toasted" movement).. . The bottom line is - these are tasty sandwiches that won't make you cringe with a typical strip price. This is a pleasant surprise to anyone who buys food from a hotel spot. It's just painful more often than not but with the Earl, it's just right. They could use a couple extra slices of turkey, though.
You get what you pay for. I got the Full Montague and it was ok. I've also had their Tuna Melt and it was mediocre. Would be better if they served fries. Nothing spectacular. I wouldn't make an effort to go back if I wasn't in the area. For those who think they skimp on the meat, try Canter's at TI.
When I was in Vegas with a friend of mine, she took me to Earl of Sandwich, telling me about all the rave she heard. After eating, we both agreed that the sandwiches were good, but nothing special or so spectacular that would make this place stand out. Maybe it's a nice change from the plentiful of generic buffet food around this party city.
Had the Mediterranean Wrap with Tuna. Very good. Husband had the Original and he liked it as well. I know this isn't too comprehensive of a review, as they are sandwiches.  If they ever come to Omaha, we will be going for lunches.
After a long drive to Vegas, I was extremely hungry and in the mood to get something fast that I could eat in my hotel room. Bring in Earl of Sandwich.. . I must have gotten there at a good time, as there were only a few people ahead of me in line. I got my sandwich very quickly and headed back to the hotel room.. . I ordered the Hawaiian BBQ sandwich. A bit pricey considering the size of the sandwich itself. If you're a big eater, one sandwich definitely will NOT fill you up! The taste of the sandwich was pretty good, but it reminded me of a Quizno's sandwich. I think it was the ham (thin sliced) and the sauce, which tasted EXACTLY like the sauce you find at Quizno's. That's definitely not a bad thing, but I wouldn't call it the "World's Best Hot Sandwich.". . Would I come here again? Probably, if I'm looking for a small, quick food option.
I have no idea why this is so highly rated. We had passed by before, and the line always seemed atrocious. . . One day, we were near by and decided to give it a go because it was one of the only late night places open. The line actually moved pretty quickly, so I'll give them that. . . The prices are a bit high, but it is Vegas. The sandwiches are an OK size and quality was fine, but it definitely is way over-hyped. This is not a 5 star sandwich joint.. . You can't go wrong with a sammie from here, but it definitely wasn't memorable. Keep this on your radar when it's late in Vegas and you just want a decent bite to eat fairly quickly. The line moves quickly; just wait it out.
I had a few hours to kill on the Strip recently and I was famished, so I decided to finally try the Earl of Sandwich to see if it lived up to the massive amount of hype it gets from tourists. First impression: Ugh. There was a long line, a couple of the employees looked pretty frazzled and many of the table were littered with trash. . . I ended up ordering 'The Best BLT'. A little cocky, are we Earl? I love BLTs and I love BLTAs even more, so I had them add avocado for a $1 upcharge. Then I waited another 10 minutes after I ordered to pay another employee $10 and change for the sandwich and drink. After paying I was given one of the buzzers many places use to let people know their tables are ready.  Thankfully the wait for my actual food was pretty short, I had just grabbed some napkins and filled my drink. . . My sandwich was good but mindblowing? No. Not even close. The bacon was well cooked, nothing ruins a BLT quicker then soggy bacon.. but I have had more flavorful bacon elsewhere. The bread was tasty but greasy, causing me to require a ton of napkins. The avocado really made it as good as it was, but I get the credit for that, not Earl. . . Many people call The Earl of Sandwich inexpensive, I guess for the Strip it isn't insane, but I am pretty sure that for just a few dollars more I could have found a place on the Strip where I could get a BLTA with waiter service.. . If you are stumbling around Planet Hollywood all wasty-pants, these sandwiches would probably blow you away. If you are sober, or a local (or both) chances are you won't be THAT impressed by these. Worth a visit if you are in the area but not worth a special trip to the Strip in my opinion.
Had my first Earl of Sandwich on the day of my birthday last month (November 16th)!!! Of course I would not have had one unless I stayed at Planet Hollywood.  It was one of those nights my posse had to call it a night with something quick and easy because we definitely weren't eating until dinner. yep one of those nights LOL. . decent sandwich...can't remember what i had but being pretty wasted, I gobbled half of it up and fell asleep haha.  they're pretty generous with the meat in the sandwich which is why i didn't even eat the other half.  the line was a bit long but seriously we didn't wait that long--probably 10 minutes tops! great place for quick eats after hittin the strip!
I can't buy into the hype..I'm sorry. The sandwiches were fine, but overly greasy. Far from "best sandwich in the world" as they claim, or even close to it. Not terrible by any means, but not something I would wait in the exceedingly long line of tourists to sample again. I had the Caribbean Jerk sandwich and boyfriend had the Italian...which was dripping with grease. It is fine as a late night snack after boozy times..otherwise I would not seek this place out.
I'm actually quite surprised that I never wrote a review for this place.. . Okay.. well here goes. My friends are going to hate me for this, but I just have to say it. Earl of Sandwich is good, but it is definitely not amazing or 5 star worthy. I'm SORRY!!. . Since it opened, I've probably been here numerous times. And i must say, it's pretty much a staple in all of my Vegas visits. Why then, do I only give it 3 stars? Well.. personally I think the sandwiches are good here but it's not the best sandwich i've ever had in my life... . . For a meal at the wee hours of the night, a nice pipping hot, cheesy, melty, carb heavy, meaty sandwich is probably the only thing that will make your night of debauchery even better.. . With that said, yes, if you haven't tried Earls, you must do so. You just must.. for the experience, for the claim that you've tried it, and for your own judgment. You must wait the in the atrocious line (which really isn't that bad) and judge for yourself if this place is up to the hype.. . The sandwiches are good a size, they don't skimp on the meat, and the ingredients are simple and straight to the point. Also for around $6, it's one of the better deals on the strip that won't go breaking your bank.. . Anyhow, if you must try it.. go for the Full Montagu. For a first timer, that is the best choice. But do be warned, their sandwiches are greasy! So be prepared...and the bread is pretty thick, so half the sandwich will probably fill you up.. . Nonetheless, personally, I only come here because my friends are in LOVE with Earls and will not stand a trip without a visit. So, for the culture, for the fun, and for the love of late night drunken grub, here's 3 stars.
I enjoy going to this place every time I'm at Vegas.  The sandwiches at good and the potato soup sure hit the spot on a hot day. What I didn't get was that I ordered 4 potato soups during my last visit and it 30 minutes to for my order when there were 5 employees just standing around taking?
Hrmph. I came in with very high expectations and Earl of Sandwich fell a bit short.. . On the way back to the OC, we got an assortment of sandwiches - the grilled ham and swiss, full montagu, original and the earl club.. . My fav out of all 4 was the ham and swiss (although the one at Society Cafe is 100 x better!) I wasn't a huge fan of the full montagu (it tasted overly salty and the meat was kind of bland) or the other sandwiches. They definitely do not warrant the high cost of the sandwiches (close to $10 for one!) or all the hype that this place gets. I mean, the bread is better than average but the other ingredients seem run of the mill.. . Meh, just meh.
Earl of Sandwich. Overall . 3 Stars. . Gold, Silver, Bronze medal - Roasted Beef Sandwich. . The first time I heard of Earl of Sandwich was when one of my friends was raving about a new sandwich place.  Its so good, blah blah blah.  I was excited to try it.  I first saw Earl of Sandwich at Downtown Disney, but the line was EXTREMELY long.  Like a 25 minute wait at least. 25 minute wait for a sandwich shop?  WOW, now I got even more interested.. . I made my way to the Planet Hollywood in Vegas just to try the Earl of Sandwich.  Conclusion........ I am not impressed at all.  I tried 3 different hot sandwiches. The best out of the 3 was the roasted beef with the horseradish sauce.  It was hot and not too shabby, but definitely not 5 stars.. . This located was EXTREMELY dirty too.  Unlike all the clean In n Outs you visit, the Earl of Sandwich here had trash all over the floor.  . . I am not sure if Earl of Sandwich was over hyped or this location was just bad, but I am not impressed at all.  There are sooo many good things to eat in Vegas, but I will not be adding Earl of Sandwich to my Vegas eats list.. . HAPPY SANDWICHING!
Good but not great.  Liked Montigu better than cannonball. Boyfriend finished the larger pieces from both sandwiches we tried, and he was still hungry.  Taste-wise, if we were in Miracle Mile Mall, we might eat there again... But won't make a separate trip.
I think it's because I'm a vegetarian, but I'm not sure I see the big deal having been there a few times.. . My friend Nick compared this to Quiznos, and I couldn't agree more--the place even smells like one. It's nice that they have a deep menu, but today I tried to order a slight variation of their Mediterranean sandwich and I thought I blew the counter girl's mind.. . The bread is good--there's no question about that. But they were light on the veggies, and I think they forgot the banana peppers entirely. I had their peppermint brownie which knocked you on the face with mint but was a bit dry.. . I'll probably try the place for a third time with a few drinks in me--maybe that will help a bit.
eh..it was OK.. . I had the original...it was good and the end. lol . . yeah not something i need to rant or go wild about..
Got their jerk chicken and montagu (yes, that's two sandwiches) and they just tasted so so. There wasn't as much flavor in terms of spices but they were very much salty. Maybe my salt receptors were just hyperactive that day but the salt intensity was unbearable... Would try another sandwich in the future, maybe the original cause that's what my friend had and he enjoyed it. Nevertheless, the sandwiches are cheap and it gets the job done considering that it is Vegas.
I ate here with some friends after a movie. The sandwiches were fine and one of us had some Brocolli/cheese soup which she said was good. . It was no better or worse than most Subways or Quiznos, but more expensive because it's in a casino. . It's not somewhere I would make a special effort to go but it was OK.
i dunno... i ordered the same sandwich i usually get at sandwich spots; Tuna. Didn't taste any different from Quiznos to be honest, or WichWich... maybe i wasn't drunk enough...
I still think this place is overrated, but their tuna melt is so freaking tasty!!!! I can vouch for this because I tried it completely sober. The sandwich was also kinda cold, which means it must have been even more amazing when it was warm! . . If you're a tuna melt kinda person, you gotta try this! It's a regular item on the menu so it's available all the time.
Came here for the first time because a few friends were buzzing about it. We ordered a variety of sandwiches to try - Caprese, Italian, The original, The Earl's Club, The Ful Montagu, and the Chicken Chipotle Avocado as well as frozen lemonade. All the sandwiches were alright, nothing to rave or unique about their sandwiches. The caprese was terrible - lack of flavor and not enough basil. Do Not order the frozen lemonade unless you want to drink sugar water...it was so sweet we barely drank it.
I had heard a lot of hype about Earl of Sandwich and while the sandwiches here are pretty good its hardly a mindblower.  . . On the positive side, the bread is super fresh, the ingredients pretty tasty, service is quick and the price is affordable.. . On the negative side, the sandwiches are a touch on the small side and service was kinda painful.. . The GF and I came here for lunch, specifically to try Earl of Sandwich.  She ordered the Caribbean Jerk Chick and I had the Chipotle Chicken with Avacado and Chicken.  My sandwich was pretty good.  As I said above the bread may have been the best part.  Ingredient-wise you can see they use the same chicken across all their sandwiches and just dress the differently.  The chipotle dressing was nice and added a lot of flavor and the bacon and avocado where lacking a bit and didn't really punch through as much as I hopped.  The Caribbean Jerk Chicken came out without any dressing so my GF had to get another, upon the second try it was better.  It didn't really have as much flavor as I was expecting.  Again, it was a solid, even a good sandwich...it just could have been more.. . Service was kind of wonky.  You order and one register then pay at another down the line.  The cashier at the end disappears to refill some napkins and disappears for almost 5 minutes.  A line quickly formers behind us and the food orders come in before people could pay.  The ladies running the sandwiches looked dumbfounded because they didn't know what to do.  Finally the cashier comes back, but it was still rather annoying.. . I do want to give Earl of Sandwich another try down the road, particularly the one near disneyland.  While it wasn't everything I was expecting, the sandwiches were still of a good quality and an easy pick over Subway, Quiznos, Togos or any other fast food sandwich shop.
Yes I finally got to try Earls! My life is complete! Not.... . Anyway, I thought the concept of this place was cool. They have various locations nationwide. The one in Vegas of course is open until odd hours of the day. I came here after I left Marquee and was seriously dying to try the infamous Earl of Sandwich.. . My friend raved about the tomato soup but I thought I had better. The sandwich was good, but I didn't see the big deal on JUST a sandwich.i mean seriously, it's just a sandwich. I like how it's not marked up like everything else is in Vegas. Good for a late night bite but I don't think I'll crave it ever again.. . Thanks Earl.
My friends love this place, but for me it was just a typical sandwich joint. Although, the price was very reasonable compared to many Vegas deli. I had the The Full Montagu with freshly roasted beef, turkey, aged swiss & sharp cheddar, lettuce, roma tomatoes & the earl's mustard sauce. I thought the sandwich was pretty bland, i had to add additional deli mustard for flavor. . . The wait can be pretty long....
So I get there Wed after work around 6pm and No Line!!. . Ordered the Chipotle Chicken (which is the one of the favorite according the gal who was working the cashier). . Small sandwich, about the size of the subway 6 inch.. . it was good but not wow - I had better. . Cost about $7 plus some pennies. . They do open 24hrs so that a plus if your craving a sandwich in the middle of the night.
Not quite the towering deli sandwiches I dream of, but it'lldo.  But Earl's is awesome in its own right for being open 24 hours, serving the madness and crazies that wander around Planet Hollywood way into the morning hours.. . The sandwiches themselves are pretty good.  I had the Jerk Chicken sandwich.  I liked the toasted bread the most, it gave the sandwich good texture.  Other than that, it was just a sandwich that tasted like any sandwich you can get from a TGIF kind of place.  Still, at less than $10, it is a steal of a quick meal down in the strip.
I think this place is over-hyped, or maybe I'm not a big sandwich fan.
Cheap (for vegas), on the strip (in planet hollywood) and open 24 hours. That alone makes this place a staple of anyone partying Vegas. While I admit that I have been there a bunch of times,I won't go out of my way to come here. The sandwiches are tasty and come in a variety of favorites, but none of them really made me think "I need to come back the next time I'm in Vegas".. . Tuna Melt - Good stuff. Warm, slightly gooey and hearty. I do make sure to add some hot sauce or horseradish because the sandwich is a bit one note. . Italian - All the standard italian meats plus capicola, which is my favorite. A bit of a kick with the acid and spices. . Hawaiian BBQ - The most memorable of the sandwiches I've eaten. The sweetness and tangyness of the sauce and pineapple is great. The chicken is tender. One of my favorites. . The Original - Classic roast beef. The beef is tender but a bit dry sometimes. The horseradish adds a much needed kick to an otherwise simple flavor profile. I wish it came with some kind of au jus. . The bread for the sandwiches is fantastic though. Soft interior with a slightly crispy exterior. Great contrast. Overall, a place I'd hit up if I'm hungry, poor and on that side of the strip.
Found place through Yelp...ordered the full montagu and the american - both sandwiches priced at 6.50 a pop which is very attractive in Vegas! Both sandwiches were toasted, looked a bit sloppy, but tasted great! Very close to the Paris hotel...where we stayed. Good drunk munchies wallet friendly cool people with the same mindset as you.
I imagine this place is always packed, but they move you through fast. I had a great hot chicken sandwich with avocado - everything was super fresh and the price was spot on. . . Nothing in particular blew me away, but this is something reliable and cheap to eat in Vegas.
Its cheap eats for being on the strip, but I thought it was way over hyped.  Maybe its cause i'm from Chitown and we have so many sandwich places everywhere.  I can get a sandwich like theirs at Potbellys and many more.
I was really excited to try Earl of Sandwich, since everyone has been talking about how delicious it is and how it's a must esp. when you're drunk, lol.. . LOCATION. -------------------------. . My friends and I went here because it is conveniently located in the Miracle Mile Shop which is connected to our hotel in Elara! It seems, that this location can get incredibly busy, but their workers are pretty fast with taking orders & prepping the sandwich. They have a system that works since we didn't have to wait so long for our foods! OH, and I guess they are open 24 hours!. . FOOD. -------------------------. . My best friend and I had to try the Caribbean Jerk Chicken since it stood out to us the most and.... well she hasn't had "jerk chicken" before!. . I'd say this place is pretty cheap compared to other places on the strip! Me being a newbie expected it to be some big sandwich, but it's actually small, but good. It isn't the greatest or a five star sandwich in my opinion but it was good for the price and it's something that will fill you up if you are looking for a quick meal!. . SERVICE. -------------------------. . I did mention their fast service here above which I thought was great! The cashier during our visit had mistakenly entered my friend's order,... which resulted to one of the managers yelling at him in front of us... *AWKWARD*. We all thought the yelling was unnecessary especially in front of customers. I didn't think the manager at that time responds well to pressure and the how busy they got.. . Would I return? Absolutely! I wanna try their other sandwiches, and will definitely go for the ones my friends had recommended next time!
After reading many reviews from several sites and articles as well as from word of mouth of friends, we decided to give this place a try since we were staying at the hotel upstairs. The long line was a sure sign of this establishment's popularity and reputation for what must have been one of the best sandwiches ever right? Well, imo it was okay. I must say tho that for me the fresh baked bread was the savior of the sandwich. Sorry Earl, I'm saving my tummy for the many other eateries in lv.
After hearing so many people rave about Earl of Sandwich, I was expecting something out of this world. I think a lot of the hype comes from the relatively cheap prices and how it's open 24 hours. Overall, it's a good sandwich, but definitely not the best I've ever had!. . My favorite part about the sandwich is their artisan baked loaf, that is the right thickness for the amount of filling there is. It has a crunchy exterior and the chewy inside that I like. The chipotle chicken is probably my favorite, with the fresh avocados inside adding that creamy and fresh flavor. The chicken is average, but the chipotle mayo added a kick which I love in sandwiches. The Caribbean jerk chicken was also pretty good, with the same chicken but banana peppers and a spicy jerk sauce. I always love banana peppers in my sandwiches, so that was a good pairing with the chicken. The Hawaiian BBQ chicken was just average, especially because the pineapple tasted like canned pineapple. The BBQ sauce was also a little too sweet for my taste. It's definitely not a bad sandwich, especially when it's 2 AM and you're in need of food!
This is certainly the best place to eat inside Planet Hollywood or Miracle Mile.  I wish they would get a Chipotle at this location too.   The sandwich was great, the service was with a nice energy and happy employees.  Recommended!
Earl of Sandwich is like the Vegas version of the infamous Bacon Hot Dog Carts. It's open late, conveniently located, affordable, and the food tastes like it came straight from heaven when you're drunk. . . The sandwiches are pretty regular for the most part. Only the toasted bread is memorable. Its crust is pale, floury, and crunchy like a ciabatta roll, but the inside is softer and fluffier. The bread is definitely better than the average sandwich bread. Other than that, the deli meats and other stuffings aren't anything special or novel.
Tried the earl club and the BBQ chicken sandwich (half friends and half mine)and it was kinda whatever. The sandwiches are good dont get me wrong but it didn't wow me. If I'm going to wait in a long line(which usually has) it should be delicious. It has to be one of the cheap eats on the strip though.
I was quite excited about trying Earl of Sandwich for the first time but I was disappointed. I ordered the Original (roast beef, cheddar, horseradish).  Nothing special.  After all, toasted sandwiches aren't all that new or exciting anymore.  To me, the Original isn't much different from what I could get at Quizno's.  And although I like Quizno's, it's not like I'd go out of my way to eat there and definitely there are more interesting places to dine at in Las Vegas.
Not bad. The sandwich was on the higher end of tastiness for a chain restaurant but I expected more given the reviews. I tried the Full Montague sandwich and it was good though I'd likely try something else next time. Their Earl Grey Lemonade (blend of tea and lemonade) was great and I'd go back just for that. Perfect blend of tea flavor and tartness from the lemonade without being overly sweet like most places.
I've been here 3 times now and I really don't know what the hype is about this place. The sandwiches are good but they're not amazing--certainly not amazing enough to stand in a line for 30 min. I can see how it could taste really good though when you're plastered beyond belief. Their frozen lemonade is a win though.
Tasted yummy but more bread then anything else!!
Great for late night. Good bread. Good location
I'm only low-balling it because I had high expectations and felt like there wasn't a lot of filling in my sandwich.. . Good flavors though.
This was the first place thatI went to for a meal after arriving in Vegas, even though after checking in to my hotel and walking here it was almost mignight.  With all the reviews I thought that this was a must but I do say that it was a bit disapointing.  The sandwiches were just okay, nicely prepared but the flavor wasn't that special compared to other sandwich shops.
Remarkably reasonably priced sandwich (sub-$8) inside a strip casino, but unremarkable in flavor and not worth the typical long lines for it during the times you normally want a sandwich.. . By the south end of Planet Hollywood, there can be lines that snack across the long hallway to the shop entrances.  You stand in line, make a choice from the dozen or so sandwiches and then pay at the other end of the counter.. . It comes out toasty and warm, and large enough to quell hunger pangs, but the meat - which mostly why you choose that particular sandwich - can be dry and chewy.. . But a plus is a plus, and the price, speed that you get your toasty sandwich, and people watching can be worth it.
Always busy no matter what time it is. *TIP* you can call in your order and pick it up!. Sandwich you say? In Vegas- it's only Earl. Some might say DON'T accept substitutes. I personally don't have cravings for this place when I'm in Vegas, but I can understand why people do. It's 2am:  you're drunk and hungry and want something quick and dirty. Well, not so dirty... They have wraps, soups, potato chips, sandwiches.... I've only had their sandwiches, which are on the pricier side of the spectrum (for a sammy- I think prices have gone up recently). For Vegas- it's cheap! The bread is what makes Earl's so very different. It's thick, cut into two separate pieces and tastes like a cross between an english muffin and cibatta. Or maybe it's a straight up cibatta roll. Highly suggest you try them at least once!
Had the club, even though I am not in the club.  Decent, solid sandwich, the highlight here is the bread.  Earl does its bread right.  Bacon is crispy and thin, chopped up, another plus.  Other ingredients are just as they should be.  Check it out.
Good variety of sandwiches, quality is decent at best. . . Located at Planet Hollywood's Mall, Earl of Sandwich is a speedy sandwich shop with a massive line! For $6, it's a win. Better than Subway and Quiznos, but it's nothing out of the ordinary..  . Hawaiian: sweet pineapple, tastes like ham and pineapple pizza!. Jerk Chicken: peppers, onions and some chicken, a little sparce, not enough jerk. . Not sure what the hypes all about. I could take it or leave it.
Cheap, convenient, and delicious!  I purchased the Caribbean Jerk Chicken and was pleasantly surprised.  Although the line can be pretty long it moves fast.  When in Vegas and in need of a quick sandwich ill remember this place!
Was starving after a long drive.  It totally hit the spot.  Love the Italian and the Earl Club.  Both great sandwiches.  Bread is always fresh!. . Their Mac & Cheese is also pretty tasty, comes piping hot so be careful.  . . Had their loaded bake potato soup, little disappointing, soup was way too thin and watery.. . Lines are long, but worth it because after you order, your food comes out fast.  Prices are VERY decent for food right in the casino.
It is alright. I am only giving them 3 stars because they are open 24/7 but when it comes to food not sure if i like how they give you more bread and barely any meat.
:( They didn't have my veggie or broccoli cheddar soup. Went with the caprese and tomato. Both were good, but not amazing. I still like Ike's sandwich more.
A decent sandwich, but not the best in Vegas.. . With all the amazing reviews I was expecting the best sandwich I'd ever eaten in Vegas. Unfortunately I'd eaten at capriotti's early that week and was more impressed. . . Don't get me wrong the sandwich was tasty and the bread was fantastic, but the sandwich was small and I was expecting more meat. I'd definitely recommend everyone try it at least once. I ordered the full montagu, I'll try another sandwich next time. . . I also ordered the tomato soup which was delicious and topped with croutons.
Good place to eat
Love this place! Convenient and on the strip in ph. only down fall is that there can be a bit of a wait. But other than always a good eat.
Definitely worth a stop. Just inside PH from the MGM Grand side. Prices equally compared to Panera. Good sandwich for the price and free refills on the beverages.... . I will go again
This place is like an slightly up-scale Subway, with a selection of signature sandwiches. I got the Jamaican one, not that great. Lots of some white sauce... eh. A friend had a different turkey-based sandwich and was satisfied. Good to be able to just take it up to the room. I know it's popular in Vegas and I will probably try it again with something else when at PH.
Honestly, I expected more from Earl of Sandwiches because of the hype surrounding it.  We had the cannonball sandwich (meatballs) and the jerk chicken.  I preferred the jerk chicken with the roasted bell peppers.  I had a few bites of the Hawaiian BBQ, which I would pick again.  Given the chance to eat at Earl of Sandwiches again,  I would try the club or the original.  . If I'm in Vegas, I'm not going out of my way to seek it out otherwise, at least I know where to locate it if I'm in the mood for a sandwich.  Pluses - the line moves very fast, it's open late and lots of sweets to select from while waiting to pay.
Good sandwiches but was overrated for me.. . Ordered the veggie sandwich, the bread was freshly baked which really made the sandwich great but everything else was minimal. If there were more "filling" I wouldn't have been hungry 30 minutes later (I have a big appetite). . . Line is fairly long depending what time you go. . . Photo: http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/earl-of-sandwich-las-vegas?select=uZk_ioJKzW6-L7covR02sQ#HHSYqasatWsq-_8KnBl9JQ
Best Cheap Eats at Planet Hollywood.. Very consistent and nice price. Not the best sandwich but I tend to go their often!
I think the hype was too much. Slightly disappointed in the Caribbean Jerk Chicken sandwich. The price was unbeatable, but there was no real kick. I think if you are caribbean jerk, you need some spice and kick. Maybe they are catering to the common folk, but I was disappointed. It was chicken, and bell peppers,... that's it. I'd come back because the price, but I'd try a different sandwich.
tried this when I was out in Vegas last week.  Not bad, probably a step above the Subways and Quizno's out there, but no Pastrami on the menu?  That defies logic right there, but Earl Of Sandwich is good for that late night/morning sandwich urges if yer on the strip.
It is a good place for sandwich, but not surprisingly good. . . Ordered the tomato soup and the earl club sandwich. The soup, though very creamy as expected, is a bit salty. Couldn't finish a small one (maybe I wasn't hungry enough. But still don't think having a bowl of salty soup in the Vegas summer is a good idea). The bread of the sandwich is awesome, crispy, soft, and fresh. . . Also, the price here is very affordable, which probably is the reason why it got such a high rate on yelp.. . Would recommend it as a decent fast meal.
a little more expensive for the feeling of a a glorified quizno's...but not bad
Have heard of this place and the deliciousness of its fare and decided to check it out while it Vegas.. . I bought two sandwiches (jerk and chipotle chicken) and a Caesar salad to take away for myself and my boyfriend. Mixed reviews. My jerk chicken sandwich was warm, fresh and utterly delicious. No complaints. My boyfriend however only rated his chipotle average. Likewise the Caesar salad was ordinary at best and I would have liked there to have been more than just a small half-full container of dressing.. . It's definitely worth trying however you and your pocket might be more satisfied with the nearby Subway.
Earls....I honestly eat this stuff every single time i stay at PH. . . I ate it for breakfast, lunch, and dinner before. I am scared from it. . . But I'll write a review because I never did, and there is one sandwich I would always get. it is the Thanksgiving special one: Turkey, stuffing, and cranberry sauce. I love that one and I highly RECOMMEND IT. . . Other than that, i try all the sandwiches and it's whatevers to me. The tomato soup is good too.
I remember in the past liking this place. I haven't been in a few years. Went by today to geta sandwich. Let's just say I left without getting anything. Yelp needs to change that vegetarians go nuts for this place tag line. The only thing we do is go nuts and walk away frustrated. . I know they make good sandwiches but nothing I want to eat. Meat eaters enjoy. This place is good. Just not very vegetarian friendly unless you like eating a boring cheese sandwich. No thanks.
The cheapest and best meal you can get in Vegas especially when you're drunk and starving! I've only tried their meatball, chicken chipotle, and mac n cheese. I honestly did not like it the first time I had it. I thought it was hyped up way too much. The second time I had it, I thought it was amazing, but then again it's because I was starving my ass off after all that day drinking. The mac n cheese is kinda gross so don't get that! Just don't come here more than once a day or even on your trip cus you will get sick of it!
I don't see what the big deal is. It's a sandwich. Comparable to Schlotzky's.
Sandwiches are ok, and prices are high. . . Yes, they are always open, so you can go their after a night of hard drinking, but the food is just ok. . . Earl Club Ok, Montague ok, Ahi Tuna is just a tuna sandwich you can make are home. Soup, straight from instant powder section. . . Friendly and fast service, but many places can fulfill this need. . . Overall, overrated.
5 Stars Really?  For a sandwich place?  It really is not that sophisticated food.  Capriotis is just as good and if I pressed their sandwich flat would probably be ten times better.  Tourists are voting this one up being that they can get something on the stirp for less than ten dollars.  Overhype.  Maybe 5 stars if your from a small town in Ohio and not much impresses you.
I'm really not a sandwich girl but I had a bite and ordered soup.  For a quick bite in PH it's OK.  It's a sandwich.  The line tends to be long during peak hours so be prepared.  It goes fairly quick though and the staff are fairly efficient.  Sometimes there is even someone walking through the line who will hand you a menu so you can decide before you make it up to the counter.  Also, they give you a buzzer to notify you once your order is ready.  They have typical beverages including sodas, juices and even gatorade.  They also sell beerby the bottle.  Additionally, they have about 3-4 soups available per day.  Salads too.  Plenty of seating as people are pretty much in and out.
Had a pretty tasty Meatball sub there and my girl had some soup that she didnt like. We never come down to the strip but if your drunk at 2am this will def hit the spot.
Rude MOFOS run this place, pardon me for putting it that way . . Great tasting sandwiches but the rudest people I've ever dealt with, it's in planet hollywood and noisy all around so I say I'll have the sandwiches here and the lady at the counter snaps at me saying they don't have trays and we have to open the packets and eat, OK not a problem but why are you snapping at me, I didn't tell you to bring it to my table or to feed me. Next I'm looking around for some tissues or paper towels or whatever's c'mon people its the same! And I ask this lady setting stuff up near the soda machine and she just gives this expression of disbelief for not saying paper towels WTF, you know what I'm talking about just point.. Not a nice experience.
I stumbled upon Earls of Sandwich after seeing 3000+ reviews on Yelp.. Visited on 12th October 2013, around 3:00 PM. Although the queue was long, did not have to wait for more than 10 Minutes. Ordered for Caribbean Jerk Chicken. . . Sandwich was just of right size, which won't make your stomach feel heavy.. . Its tasted good, light and healthy.. . A good option, when compared to other fast food joints on strip. . . Located inside Planet Hollywood near Race and Sports Book.. . Open: 24 Hours.
I had the Italian sandwich and it was rather underwhelming.  Mostly bread, very little meat/cheese/veggie.  I will try something else next time. Their tortilla soup was good.
Restaurant was clean, and the food overall seemed like a more healthy choice than the other neighboring restaurants. The chipotle chicken sandwich was delicious. The tomato soup was tasty but it tasted a bit diluted. I'm giving this place a 3 because it wasn't outstanding in any way but will definitely do the job if I need a quick bite to eat.
The boyfriend really wanted to try this place while we were out in Vegas for our mini vacay since a bunch of his friends were raving about it. Read the yelp reviews and was pretty impressed and excited to try it. We ordered the Carribean Jerk Chicken, The Italian, Chicken Baja Wrap and Tomato Soup. I was not impressed and wasn't quite sure what all the hype was about. It just tasted like a regular boring sandwich to me. Nothing special whatsoever. Even the croutons in my tomato soup were all stale and soggy. Not sure what people find so great about this place.
I needed something to hold me over before dinner.  Anything is better than McDonalds so as I walked by, I saw the Earl of Sandwich.  I ordered the Italian and it was a couple types of meat on a really good heated fresh baked roll.   I was pleasantly surprised that the sandwich was tasty.
I'm thinking that if you're drunk this could be a godsend. I love sandwiches, but fuck me sideways if you think I'm gonna hit up Subway when I want a late night sammie fix. There menu is pretty big, but they don't have reubens. I know that is a really specific issue, but I love a really good, hot, fatty reuben. This place always seems to be busy, but the line moves pretty fast. Is it better than some delis you can find in locals casinos, ehh not really. A little bit more pricey for what you're getting, but if it's late and you need a sandwich, it gets the job done. This place is like the booty call of sandwich places.
This is strictly on their salad. I am aware that their sandwiches are amazing.....but their salad was a huge disappointment. For what you pay, it isn't worth it. . . The salad came in a box with a tub of dressing. The olives in the salad were way too salty and overtook the flavor of the entire salad. The feta tasted like it came from a generic box and did no justice to the salad. The dressing itself was so-so. There was definitely nothing Greek about this salad.. . Note to self: this place is called Earl of Sandwich not Earl of Salads........
Nothing extraordinary.   If you're from the east coast, think Pot Belly with a loud, annoying video game next door.  (the food is better at pot belly btw.). . No reason to avoid it and certainly not worth going out of your way.
I read the reviews and came here with high hopes...but was disappointed that the food didn't live up to the hype. Our group shared the Full Montagu and Caribbean Jerk chicken sandwiches as well as the Asian salad and Baja Chicken salad. The meal was decent, affordable, and quick but nothing to write home about...not if you're sober anyway.. . Maybe I'm just way spoiled from the SF foodie scene (Ike's sandwiches shoutout!) but my recommendation is to adjust your expectations. This place is like a somewhat nicer subway / quizno's.
Passed by Vegas on the way to yellowstone, we had a bathroom break in the Bellagio and realized I wanted some food..... so we can to Earl of Sandwich, it was about 2-3 in the morning of 12/24/2013.... . Came here with pretty high hope since people rave it like crazy but most people who came here are not exactly sober.... read the review yourself.. . I got the chipotle chicken avocado... it had bacon, chicken and avocado, what can go wrong right?! Here is what I did not like, the sandwich was super tiny.... it wasn't SUPER flavor but it was decent. . . My gf got the brownie bites, they are dry and not very tasty- avoid that.. . My friend got the full montagu sandwich.... beef, mustard and cheese, again that sandwich was tiny for the price but it was some really sandwich.. . Here is the conclusion- you would love here if you are drunk or if you are a girl or guy who doesn't eat much and get the full montagu.
Good place to eat especially when hungover. Many a night I would wander into the Planet Hollywood hotel after being at Marquee at the Cosmopolitan or around the strip.. Good since it's open 24 hours a day.. I would usually get The Earls Club with no bacon, The All American with no cranberries, or The Full Montague with no mustard.. Paired with an Artisan tomato soup with croutons makes a great meal.
The decor's great. came here for the first time, i was impressed by the atmosphere, but for me, the way they treat their customer and the quality of the products are also very important. I used to have a small restaurant in CA, that's why i deep down know about that, customer services should be more quickly and please serve us exactly as we order. Thank you!
