Past its prime and should no longer be characterized as a 5 star resort.. . We reserved a room for NYE.  We were there early and the hubs was at the poker table.  He was running hot so I left him at the table and went to check in.  After waiting in line for over 20 minutes, the agent tells me that I can't check in because the rez is in hub's name.  That'stheir policy, no exceptions.  Fine.  I tell her that he's playing in the poker room and ask if can she page him so we don't have to get back in the ever growing line.  Nope, she won't do it.  WTF?  Really, why not?  Can't pick up the phone to call WITHIN YOUR OWN HOTEL?!?  Is that five star treatment?  Whatever.  I go get the hubs and he gets in line while I ask for the manager.  Again, I wait.  He comes out maybe 10 minutes later.  No, sorry for making you wait.  I tell him what happened.  He reiterates the policy but says that he'll get someone to help us if we come over to where he is.  No apology for the other stupid employee.  . . We get our "non-smoking" room and it smells like smoke.  We wonder if it's the room next door and I call down to report the problem.  The agent says that the floor below (29th floor) is a smoking floor and that the smell may be coming through the vents.  No offer to change our room, no apology.  Basically, it's too bad, so sad.  Again, WTF?  It's not non-smoking if we can smell smoke.   . . I get into the shower to freshen up and discover these Chinese branded toiletries that I've never heard of that smell like baby shampoo.  I thought this is the Venetian, what's up with this Chinese stuff?  The hotel has gone ghetto on its toiletries.  Come on...  it's like going to the 99 cent store and seeing all those Mexican brands of canned or prepared foods.  There's nothing necessarily wrong with things like that but you're not expecting them at a"5 star" resort, ya know?. . Anyhoo, the final blow came when I got into bed later.  Those had to be the scruffiest sheets I've ever slept on in a hotel of that caliber.   What's going on?  We just came off a stay at Treasure Island and its bedding was nicer than the Venetian's.  Sad, sad moment.  I've slept on some hotel beds that I couldn't wait to get into at the end of the day.  Venetian's was not one of them.  When I'm paying that kind of $$$, the least I expect is a luxurious bed.  *sigh*. . Oh well.  The Venetian's poker is still the hub's fave in Vegas but we'll be looking elsewhere for accommodations.
Too big for my liking. Suite was clean and spacious; the place just didn't have a good vibe for me during my very quick visit to town to visit my parents.  My friend happened to be in town and staying in the other part of the hotel, the Palazzo, which seemed much nicer (at least in the casino). I don't gamble much and won at the craps table---must be the reason I liked it!
Just back from my second-ever trip to Las Vegas. We stayed at the Venetian and had only a so-so experience. We arrived to check-in at about 4:30pm, well after the 3pm check-in period. Our room was not ready; we were told housekeeping was working on it, it would be ready very soon, and would we mind getting a phone call when it was ready? . . We said OK, put our luggage in temp storage (a convenient touch, no? Only it cost us an extra tip to the bellman... petty to complain about perhaps, but hey, it wasn't our fault the room wasn't ready). An hour and a half later, no phone call. My fiance went to check the status and not ready, not ETA. We gave it another 15 minutes and then were back in line to complain. While in line, we experienced multiple people ignoring the lines and just walking up to the counter... on several occasions they weren't turned away by the hotel staff, who seemed to think line jumping is "OK"... the patrons waiting in lines didn't find it so... and that includes those in front of and behind us. . . Once at the counter we voiced our frustrations and became insistent that our room be readied immediately and that we be compensated for our troubles. Miraculously, a room "became" available and we were offered $50 dining credit (which, it turns out, was noted on our account but not actually added... we had to call back at the end of our stay to have the credit applied; we'll see if it actually happens this time). . . My second big issue is that they turn off the smoke ventilation system in the wee hours of the morning. I'm a nonsmoker and this is a problem for me. The smokey smell accumulates in the room during that time period (about 3 hours starting at around 3am)... it accumulates to the point that we could smell it in our bath towels. While expect to smell smoke in the casinos, I don't expect to smell it in my nonsmoking room and I CERTAINLY don't expect it to be so bad that it is in the towels and in clothes that were never out of the suitcase. . . While overall the room was lovely, I don't think I'd stay there again: too many other options, including at least 1 hotel right on the strip with no casino, which means no smoke.
This is a city inside of its own! The lobby is pretty, casino isn't too big (easy to cross over), several food options, nice suites, not great views, reasonable price for the grandeur, sometimes a little overwhelming, long corridors to get to room, most stuff closes early, keys kept getting deactivated, room service messed up but the staff was helpful in correcting the order quickly. . . Would I stay here again? I wouldn't nominate it, but would't veto either. It was way better than Westin but just not comparable to Mandarin (the only two other hotels I've stayed at before).
Beautiful property but the place is a maze. I'm sorry - I was completely sober and they have 3 different transfer point for elevators to get to the suites. I can't imagine being drunk and trying to find your room. I went to the wrong room (both have the same # but on different floors) twice while sober. . . If you love a hotel with shopping and in the middle of the action, this is the place for you. Tao is inside of the venetian and is a great place if you like to be in the scene and crowded. If not, definitely not the place for you.
Everything an upscale casino should be...  Just do me a favor and start allowing surrender on the blackjack tables...  Seems like sometimes they do, sometimes they don't.  . . Great eateries, restaurants, etc.  One of our favorite places to stay in Vegas.  Great location on the strip, as well.  Huge pool(s).  Great people watching.. . Of late the promotions have really scaled back...  Vegas must not be hurting anymore!
This place was just eh.  Service was just okay and while the rooms were nice and spacious, the two hotels to get to your room was a buzz kill.  My feet hurt in my killer shoes before even leaving the hotel.  I will say though, when I let a manager know our stay was less than parr, she reversed two nights of the resort fee.  I think next time I would stay somewhere just a bit younger and hipper.
Very nice hotel but not a 5 star experience.. . The hotel was very nice and the staff were accommodating for the most part. What was lacking service wise was speed. From the valet to check-in to room service everything seemed to take forever. The valets tell you to call ahead for your car but when you do you are told that you must come down to request it. Room service tells you up front that it will take at least an hour for your food to arrive. When the food did finally come it was hardly deserving of a 5 star rating. The room was nice as well with a good view but the attention to detail was lacking. Clean but not spotless, nicely decorated but a little dated. As an example, the bathroom looked great but upon closer inspection the fixtures were tarnished, the marble damaged, they had horrible water pressure and it was never quite clean during our stay. The toiletries were a joke. They have two flat screens in the suite but they are poor quality with blurry pictures. There were plenty of shops and things to do in and around the hotel. I'd put it on par with a nice Hilton or best western with a whole bunch of extras. It was enjoyable but for the cost I wouldn't stay there again.
Definitely number three on my list of hotels in Vegas -- Wynn and TheHotel at Mandalay Bay are both better.. . Wynn offers unrivaled views from all of their rooms.  Venetian offered us a view of the roof of their casino as well as their parking garage -- it inspired us to keep our drapes closed the entire time.  I'm also not a fan of the single-room suite -- that's not a suite -- just a large room.. . Best things about the Venetian are the location and the shopping, but you don't have to stay there to experience either of those things.. . Wynn rivals it on all levels -- no question that's where I'll stay the next time I'm in Vegas.
If you're thinking of staying at the Venetian, book a room at the Palazzo instead. Even though they are listed as separate hotels, the Palazzo is basically just the newer and nicer tower of the Venetian, for the exact same price as the Venetian. It is basically one hotel with 2 names, connected underground.. . There's really no reason to stay at the Venetian if you can get a room at the Palazzo. If you can't get a room at Palazzo, the Venetian won't disappoint you.
Review is for casino only:  This place is OK.  It's a bit spread out, but it's easy to navigate when you know it's little quirks.  They did move my favorite VP machines but a check with one of the floor people let me know where they are.. . The audio playing last night--notice I didn't use the word music--was simply awful.  Whoever programmed this must have been high or nuts or both.. . Not a bad place to play on the Strip.
Location: Fantastic. Across the street from the Fashion Show Mall and 10 minute walk to the Forum Shops. Easy access to the Wynn. . . Rooms: tired looking, stale decor, old school style, no ipod docks, big fat fax machine, difficult to locate lighting, difficult to locate power outlets, no wifi, mediocre bathroom amenities. . . Fees for the following: Internet access, music channel on TV (seriously), link rooms with friends. . . Casino: Vibrant and comfortable. . . Restaurants: Delmonico and Tao are fantastic and well worth a trip whether you are staying at the Resort, or not. . . Amenities: Everything is available at the Venetian, however its one giant maze - by the time you get your bearings, its time to check out. The Canyon Ranch Spa is overrated and not very practical. . . Pools: Very very weak for a Vegas pool. One giant rectangle with surrounding chairs. Unacceptable, when compared to other high end hotels in Las Vegas. Tao Beach is an exception. It's loads of fun, but definitely not a place to chill and relax.
I never gamble on the strip the Slots arent known for paying out unless you dump your life savings in them. And even that is no guarantee. The confusion starts the minute you hit the lot. The lanes arent striped very well. They have little cards by the elevator so you know what level you parked on which is AWESOME. . The casino in my eyes doesnt have a great layout as well. Confusing to find the banquet hall. Once there though it gets better. And The Grand Canal Shoppes are nice and clean well lit. Perfect windows for window shopping and good places to eat.
Honestly this hotel is overrated. . . Suites...1 star. Smaller than what we get at TheHotel at Mandalay Bay. Quality is not that great at all.  It is definitely an older hotel that is showing its needs for some major renovations.  Our suite was overdue for some major repairs! First, the door couldn't close so we asked to be transferred to another suite. Instead they made us wait for someone to come and fix it and if it couldn't be repaired than they would let us move. We had to wait over 2 hours. Second, there was putty wherever there were pipes leading into the walls in the bathroom. They really couldn't just change the wall paper as well? Oh and don't spend the extra money for a strip view, it is horrible! We've even had a strip view suite at TheHotel and even though it's at the other end of the strip close to the airport, we had a much better view there than we had at the Venetian. Too much construction going on!. . Check-in service...3 stars. She seemed to be a bit robotic. Her customer service wasn't terrible but it wasn't great either.. . Bell service and Valet...5 stars. Everyone was extremely friendly.  Our luggage came to our room quickly when we arrived and bell service arrived quickly to pick up our luggage when we were checking out.. . Dealers, Cocktail Waitresses, Pit Bosses...5 stars. Mandalay Bay has got nothing on Venetian when it comes to customer service in the casino area.  All the dealers and pit bosses were so friendly! Cocktail waitresses constantly came around and asked you more personally if you would like anything to drink.  The Casino itself was way more smokey than a lot of the other hotels, they should consider better  ventilation.  . . So assuming you haven't stayed anywhere newer or bigger you may find this hotel to be extravagant, but being a regular to Las Vegas and having the opportunity to stay elsewhere, well...I'm having a difficult time giving this place 5 stars.. . The only reason I would stay here is because of the Grand Canal Shoppes, The Shoppes at the Palazzo and the friendly atmosphere in the casino.
My ex-favorite hotel in Vegas is getting old.  I haven't been back here in awhile and I don't think I will come back anymore unless they are offering a really good deal.  Similar prices can get you rooms in a better hotel.  The rooms are starting to look beat up and the casino floor is messy, kind of like a Cache Creek or other Indian casino.. . This is no longer my favorite hotel.
The smell!  Aaaghhh.  Don't stay here if you're sensitive to strong perfumes, the Venetian has this awful floral air freshener that makes me sick.  I don't even cramp when I PMS, but for some reason I always develop cramps when I stay here.. . Otherwise, the Venetian still offers a great deal for larger groups because of its great location and suites that can squeeze up to 6 or 7 people comfortably.  There's also the Grand Lux Cafe downstairs for post-clubbing grubbing.  But you can find all this at the much nicer Palazzo, without the migraine-inducing smell.
Not as nice as Palazzo.. . Venetian and Palazzo are owned and managed by the same company, but Palazzo is much newer and nicer. If you've got a choice, Palazzo is the way to go.. . Based on quality of rooms, I'd rate the Venetian as four stars, but the price brings it down. It's too expensive for what you get.. . The loyalty program for Venetian and Palazzo are the same, so sign up. Sometimes they have some great deal that make the Venetian worthwhile.
Not much to review about here. Interior is great, they also have inside forum shops to check out. This hotel is also connected to the Bellagio. Not a fan of this hotel much, but I'd much rather come here than Rio as there is more to see than that casino. Like I said above about what I like about this place is the interior great looking above the clouds indoor view while there is also a little Ital boat ride thingy mabob, which is cool. Other than that, I didn't gamble or stay at this hotel so can't review much about that.
We stayed at the Venetian on a Saturday and Sunday night and left on Monday.  Hey... by the looks of this place on Saturday night when we checked in, THERE IS NO RECESSION!  :0)   The place was packed and this place is not cheap! It was nice but my only bone to pick was the confusing maze to get to our room... we were not told HOW to get to our room.. it would have helped greatly!  We stayed in the Venezia tower and it was crazy to get to our room.. go down a hall, take an elevator to the lobby of our tower.. then you go either left or right... a guest directed us down one way because nobody was there to help... and we ended up going up the wrong elevator to get up to our room... it took us to the other end of our floor.. so it took forever to walk to our room w/ all our luggage!  we figured things out that night and there was an elevator right around the corner from our room... the annoying thing is that here is only one ice machine on the floor..and go figure.. its at the elevator on the other end of our floor... grrreat...  . . the room itself was okay...it was big.. we were looking for rooms in vegas w/ a couch because there were 5 of us... our room had 2 queen beds and a sofa bed... it was great having 2 separate televisions in the room....  the only thing i wish the room had the sink outside of the bathroom... so that at least we can use the sink while someone was showering.... . . I quickly realized on Saturday night that if you have young kids and want to walk around kinda later at night, Friday and Saturday nights may not be the nights you want to be in Vegas because there are soo many young people going out to party at the clubs..and you will run into young people drinking or already buzzed or drunk in the elevators going to and from your room...  it didn't bother me..but i didn't really want my daughter around all that...
Its okay, I stayed at TI, MGM, NYNY, Flamingo, Imperial Palace, Excliber, Monte Carlo, and now the Venetian.. . Pros: Great location, its next to the fashion mall, next Wynn and Encore, next to Mirage, and near Caesar. . - Has a great pool. - Tao Beach. - gambling there is fun. - alot of kool people hangout here. - gandola rides. - noodles restaurant is decent asian food. - has walgreen nearby. . . Cons: expensive, kind of overated, its a good place to stay at a high price. . - has alot of franchise food. - italian food everywhere. - no cheap food. - TI maybe a better value, you can just crossover the bridge
The hotel is in a great location and has a lot of things to do in the hotel.  The rooms are all suites and pretty nice.  Not Wynn nice, but nice enough. However, the place is always super packed.  I felt like I was dodging people the whole time and the hotel layout is a mess.  From the parking garage, we had to go to the third floor then walk through an odd hallway into the casino, take an escalator down and walk some more.  Then, we waited 20 minutes to check in.  Lastly, getting to our room required taking two elevators and meandering through more hallways.  . Good thing I am not 1) handicapped or elderly  2) out of shape 3) stupid because I think that getting around this hotel is confusing and requires too much thinking when you are just trying to eat, drink and win $.   . . There are positives!. . The rooms are all suites.  The bed was big and comfy.  Housekeeping did not once knock and harass us (but we get up pretty early by LV standards) and housekeeping did a quality clean up job. My fav part of the room was the large bathroom with two sinks, a tub and separate shower, a vanity table and lots of towels, soaps, lotions.   . . Yes, the hotel is pretty.  Yes, they have a lot of famous chefs and fancy stores to shop in, but the annoying layout and butt-load of people just frustrated me.  . . P.S. The price difference between Venetian and Wynn wasn't even that big on the weekend we went.  So depends on the price, but I prob wouldn't stay here again knowing there are far better deals for the price.
The Venetian ALWAYS smells nice and It's a very romantic place to be. I just love how It's so bright and lively all the time. You can bring your Love to a great show and treat them to a lovely Italian dinner....hint hint BOYS, In case you need any Anniversary or Valentines Day ideas.
I just stayed at the Venetian this weekend and here are the pros and cons. . PRO:  Close to the major hotels.  Walking distance to Mirage, Treasure Island, Wynn and Arias. . . Hotel itself is alot of fun with the Grand Canal shoppes, the amazing Bouchon restaurant and other top notch restaurants.  You also have access to the Palazzo.  The shops there are awesome!!  TAO is a hot club.. . If you are into AZN girls, there are tons of them here!. . Cons:. . Venetian is pricey.  We did use priceline which helped.. The hotel rooms are varied.  We booked three rooms, my room has sink noise, the doors doesnt close properly in the restroom and the toilet doesnt flush right.  . . It is clean, the bed is soft and the TV is flat screen.. . Overall, Its a fun and exciting place to stay!  However, the price doesnt justify it.
It was a mission every time we left our room... left, right, right, down the elevator, right, left, down another elevator, right, right, left... LOBBY! I felt like a mouse in a maze... imagine trying to find your room DRUNK!!. . Rooms are huge, decor nice, but atmosphere is too um, serious for me? serious dealers, classical music playing almost everywhere, even in the casino. When I gamble I prefer it to be loud, music wailing and everyone looks like they are having a good time... it just seemed that every one was serious at the tables. I think this hotel is a little more for the family/older crowd.
Okay, got a suite. Nice room, The hotel smelled like strong perfume
3.5 stars. . It's beautiful inside the lobby and outside the front. Their suites are a 3, but their lobby bumps up their score .5. Their suites are sort of dingy and outdated. I learned Venetian had something called "the pizza party" you could order from room service. I was out with the girls and some of them took a taxi van back to our room to order "the pizza party".. . The other two girls convinced me to stay out with their friend, a promoter. We were heading over to Christian Audigier's club which I was against as I don't even like his shirts and can only imagine what his club is like. The promoter was friends with 3 6 Mafia and the girls were stoked about meeting the short one with gold teeth. We were walking over from Haze and met up with the 3 6 guy on their way out of the club. They invited us to go to another club and all I kept thinking was my feet hurt and I really want to try "the pizza party". At this point I had sent 5 texts and 2 phone calls regarding when the girls were ordering and how soon it would arrive. I had it in my head I was going back to eat and no one gets in my way when I'm hungry.. . This guy in all his cocky rapper glory was like where are you going mamma?! I wanna go where you're going and and what's this party? Um..... I'm going back to the Venetian because they have something called the pizza party. It's this unusually large pizza with salad and wings. What?! You don't want to party with me? Can I go with you for this pizza party thang? I said sure, but it's going to be very boring as we're just a group of girls dressed in pjs eating our brains out. You'll have more fun with the club and the other two girls want to go with you so it was nice meeting you, bye-eeeh. . . The promoter and I rushed back to the suite to eat, eat, and eat. I got back and asked, "where's the pizza party guys?" They said it was just too big and we ordered from a regular place. WTF?! I said fine, but I'm eating how much I planned to eat and I hope there's enough food left for everyone else. They just laughed and said "oh Grace". We received our delivery and there was just enough food for me and the girls. As we were finishing the other two girls came back and asked, "Is there any food left?" The girls answered um no.... Grace, nuff said. . . Why did the girls come back early, you ask? Because that rapper guy stuck his head up one of the girl's dresses in the middle of the club while she was dancing. They freaked out and left immediately. . Lessons learned-. 1. Don't order just enough food when you're with me because it's not enough.. 2. Don't choose rappers over food because, at least food will not bend over and come up your dress.
Not worth the money... Luxor is way better. I wasn't impressed with Tao and its murky, over-infested pool nor was I thrilled to walk through a mile long maze from my hotel room to the restaurant to get something to eat. It's a lot of money per night and I was disappointed.
3.5 stars. This is a lovely hotel. I was here with my best friend riding on her tab. That being said I do not think I would ever stay here unless that were the case. Someone else chose it and was likely paying for it. I dunno, It needs something. Like WiFi, cable or a stereo in the room. It was always so so so quiet in the room. They charge to listen to music on the t.v. or watch the t.v. and ten dollars for two hours is too much for t.v. music if you ask me. I found the decor to be bland as well. It kind of felt like I was at my Mom's apartment were she more conservative. The bathroom is freaking rad though. A separate room for the toilet. A stand up all glass shower with body jets as well as a separate tub that two people can easily fit in. A vanity complete with stand up cosmetic mirror with built in light. Two sinks and lots of marble. Bathroom was pretty gangster. . . I liked how spacious the rest of the hotel was but decor was boring and the beds could be more comfy for how much the hotel costs.. . I give the Venetian an additional star for stellar customer service. Housekeeping was fantastic as well as room service. Every morning they would come in and line up our shoes, straighten our toiletries and just generally make us feel very looked after. The hot tub was too chlorinated for me to spend much time in but the pools were very pretty. . . Many of the hotels in Vegas pump some kind of scented deodorizer through the buildings. Likely to mask cigarette smoke. The Venetians was actually the worst I smelled though. So strong. 20 minutes in the lobby would be enough to give me a headache. I joked that the front fountain was full of febreeze not water.
Great location and great rooms!  Nice sized rooms with three flat screen tvs and luxurious decor.  I have one HUGE gripe about this hotel... a hotel of this class and with so many conventions/meetings should NOT charge for internet in the rooms!!!
The Good:. The room was very nice, much better then expected.  Great bed, sunken living room, awsome bathroom.. . The Bad:. The place always smelled like someone was smoking in it.  It seemed to come in through the vents.. The view, of the rooftop, well, not that great.. The worse part, the price of everything.  $5-7 a bottle of water, get real.. The restruaturants, over priced, and really bad food.  With one exception.  . The Grand Lux Cafe, it was good and one of the best values on the strip.. Oh, and you had to pay to go to the pool and for Wifi.. The casino, had us sign up for a Grazie card, don't waste your time.  You only get point if you win and it must be a LOT!  to the toon of 10,000.  It was a serious waste of my time.. . The casinos were also very very smoky and I did not find any of the slots worth playing.  I like machine black jack, but they were so rigged agenst the player, it was not worth playing.. . But the Venetian was not the only one, all the casinos were just as bad.  Hence, I will not go back to that waste of time place.
high end vegas casino hotel.  pretty cookie cutter for vegas.  definitely a great place to stay, gamble and eat.
Clean, well maintained "suite" rooms, although by Las Vegas standards, the "suite" was only slightly larger than a regular room at Mandalay Bay or Cesear's Palace.  Typical LV make believe facade with loads of marble and wall trim.  Houses Bouchon restaurant.
Overall just ok.  The TV was broken, we called, the person came to fix it 1.5 hr after calling and I was fast asleep by then.  There is no noise buffer, starting about 5am, I heard staff yelling, doors slamming.  You can hear the showers and toilets around you.  The temperature was easily controlled and the room was clean.  There's no coffee maker, I was kicking myself for not bringing my travel water heater and french press, since I easily spent 10 bucks a day on coffee.  . . The lights were way too dim, there was better lighting in the bed than the bathroom, should have done my makeup there.  There's a hair dryer in the vanity.  . . The snotty check in guy didn't tell us that I got free Internet in the room, gym access and free daily newspaper with the mandatory "resort fee," which was a bummer.  Yeah, I should have read the folder the key comes in because it's listed there, but who does that?  . . Overall it was ok.  I would never pay 200 bucks+ a night to stay there, but work paid, so whatever.  I did get an upgrade to look over the pool because they messed up on my initial reservation, but it honestly made no difference to me.  . . Be ready to be nickel and dimed.  Get water and other things to keep in the room.  You will not have fridge access, it's 25 bucks to have a fridge that isn't the minibar, so keep that in mind.
Valet was polite and speedy. Check-in was a nightmare. The rooms are very spacious with separate living areas...L shaped sofa, large coffee table, desk, entertainment center. The bathrooms are big but they aren't really well designed unless you need a dance floor. We were there to see Blue Man Group and the show was pure fantastic!  The room service was expensive and they managed to botch a grilled cheese sandwich. . . There are probably nicer hotels but you'd either have a smaller room, a higher price, or both. I'd probably stay here again.
Oh Venetian, if only you weren't owned by one of the worst people in politics... Perhaps then I could give you 5 stars. But alas, I refuse. And there are some bad parts, like the sports book, bars, and walk from the parking garage. But the rooms are quite nice (all suites). And the restaurant selection is one of the best in Vegas. Plus, the theme pretty much rules and is done awesomely. This is definitely one of the must-do walk-through casinos.
I am here for a convention with the room part of the package which happened to be a suite so I can't complain.  The room is huge with a living room, large bathroom with shower and tub, 3 tvs, etc.  Basically a large impressive room.  . . The downside is the abysmal in room dining service.  You can get better food from a frozen meal heated up in a microwave.  Oh by the way, of course, it's VERY expensive.. . So as long as you stay away from the room service your stay will be pleasant enough.
So my boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel Friday and Saturday and checked out Sunday.  . . The hotel itself looks classy, sophisticated, something you def want to check out when your on the strip because of their incredible paintings and shops.  . . It's elegant none the less but I honestly thought the rooms were going to be a lot more elegant.  The amenities like the soap, lotion, shampoo etc smell great!  I took extra home with me :) We had room 27 on floor 18.  . . As soon as we got there, we were lost.  I guess they're rebuilding inside so we had to walk sooooooooooo much just to find parking, find the elevators and wait about 10 mins because so many darn people are trying to get on the elevators, then we had to go downstairs and walk a couple more minutes until we found the check in, then we waited to check in, walked a couple more minutes to find the escalators to go back up the stairs, find the elevators to take us to our room, go down this long hall until FINALLY we get to our room.  . . Valet waiting here is about 10 mins.  That's how long we waited.   Just park your car, it's a lot faster.  Save yourself a couple of bucks.. . I liked how the had a tv in the restroom so when I would take a warm bath, I could just flip the tv on :)  (The tvs looked kinda old, they really need to upgrade their tvs). . Our toilet for some reason would just keep flushing itself, talk about a waste of water!. . Overall it was ok but I think it's a little to highly talked about for what you get.  I'd rather stay at the Vdara.  :). . . The casino itself is pretty awesome, I won $228 on a $1 slot machine, my boyfriend $90 on the Hangover slot and me $30 on the Hangover slot also.  Drinks here seem to be better then other casinos we've gone too :)
I have never stayed here before but for some reason my expectations were high.  There were 4 of us total in the Bella suite.  . . Overall it was pretty nice, although I did notice that some of the furnishings needed to be touched up.. . I did not like the fact that the bathroom doors had no locks and there was no ipod dock in the room.  . . I'd only stay here again for a bargain deal.
The hotel itself is beautiful! The rooms are also very nice. The Villas are OUT OF SIGHT amazing. I was at a bondage party here in 2010 after the last night of the AVN Awards.. . Few things here.. Security at the elevators is very tight 24/7. It's nearly impossible for a girl to even charisma check her way past them. You WILL need to rendezvous with your provider somewhere on the grounds.. . Also the Valet is a total cluster as it runs into the palazzo and meanders under bridges and around faux-venetian canals. . . Please note the 3-Star rating is based solely on a man's ability to enjoy himself with a consenting adult who is not staying in the hotel, not on the merits of the hotel itself which is, truthfully, breath-taking.
In general the Venetian is pretty nice (as is the Palazzo) but I tend to think it's just a tad overrated. The smell they pump through the place instantly brings to mind the odor of a fresh urinal cake, meant to mask other smells. It cheapens theplace in my mind. . .  The shopping is nothing to write home about, but they have some decent restaurants and good clubs (Tao). I enjoy gambling in the Venetian casino when I happen past. . .  The rooms are nice and when I book my trips to Las Vegas I always consider the Venetian but end up booking someplace else (next door), even when the prices are comparable.
We stayed at the Ventian November, 2011 for our 13 year anniversay. It was a must-do place for us and we were finally able to swing it. The room was in the Venetian Towers and while it was a neat layout, (sunken livingroom) I wasn't at all impressed wih the furnishings for the cost. The upholstered seating was rock-hard. The pieces seemed to be a hodgepodge of styles - almost as if this was the room that got the leftovers after mate pieces had gotten broken in other rooms. I am well-aware hotel furniture sacrifices the fine-furniture status for sturdiness, but these pieces really didn't speak quality, class or sturdiness to me. One piece was literally standing on it's last leg and would have collapsed altogether if my husband hadn't gingerly touched it. We called housekeeping to let them know of the damage and it was promptly taken away. The view from the room overlooked Las Vegas Blvd AND the unattractive rooftops of the buildings between us and the road. I prefer the view from the Bellagio. . . That being said, having a television in the LR and one in the BR portion of the room was nice for when you were tired of sitting on a slab and wanted to watch from the comfort of the bed. And, needing a nice hot soak after a long day of walking around, it was also nice having a small tv in the bathroom as well. The bathroom is gorgeous and had a nice vanity so I could sit and apply makeup and do my hair while my husband used the mirror over the sink. The hallways and public areas were sumptuous and what I would have thought the room would be as well. The staff was efficient and friendly. The vendors were varied and interesting. The eating establishments were varied, interesting and for the most part very good. For the first time, we stayed totally within the Venetian/Pallazio campus for EVERYTHING. That was a nice treat. . . Overall, we enjoyed our stay. I was just disappointed with the view, the decor and the comfort of the room.
Beautiful hotel, polite but not outgoing staff.  Nickel and dime with "resort fee" rather than fully loading the room rate up front. If the 20$ is unavoidable, add it to the room rate. Canyon ranch pales in comparison to the mandalay spa.
very pretty in side just a little over priced.
Nice suites.  I like the layout of this room. Separate step-down living room with nice furnitures. Only down fall is that the lighting is dim, especially the bathroom.. When I first walked into Venetian Casino from the Parking area, it seemed little dirty.... I wasn't impressed with the Casino until I walked into the room.  Their WiFi in the room is very spotty for the price we pay...and what's up with the cell phone connection...? It sucks.. Some Poker Dealers in the Poker Room have NO personalities.  Not too friendly, especially the ones that work late...along with the waitresses...
This is my first time here. Although there is room for improvement, I will likely not stay anywhere else when I come to Vegas. The hotel is large enough but is also small enough so you don't get lost. LAVO has a nice bar and restaurant and I like the lounge. I am not a big fan of Tao Beach and Nightclub. An added bonus is that it is right across the street from Bare at the Mirage, my favorite pool in Vegas. . . The Big:  The rooms are huge. King bed with a sunken living room and two sinks and a separate tub from the shower.  The food court has a lot of variety and the Grand Lux is a great 24 hr joint that is close to the hotel towers. There is an Expressamente to buy coffee and a bagel, Bouchon Bakery to also buy something on the fly and Cocilino for gelato. It is also close to the Canal shops and my favorite Italian restaurant Zefferino that my Italian friend turned me on to.. . The Little:  The towels and robes are too small and not plush enough for a $200/night hotel. In addition, the made did not give me more bath soap after the first night. Lastly, the internet connection was spotty and the TV reception wasn't much better. I hate paying for a resort fee when crap doesn't work properly.. . OVERALL RATING:  3.5
As much as I think this is a gorgeous hotel with a lot to offer, their customer service at valet is not uniform with the rest of the hotel. Yes, the rooms are big and gorgeous but I did not find it that clean. The table beside the couch was extremely dusty where you could SEE a layer of dust. Eeeeek! . . This is what brings me to my three star review. I was coming back from running an errand and had some stuff to bring up, so I decided to valet. Since it was a Friday or Saturday night, I guess valet was getting full and they asked me if I was staying there. Yes, I am staying here....he asked to see my room key which I did not have on hand since I knew the other guests I was with were in the room and they were running their own errands around the hotel. Essentially, he was a big grouch and lectured me about how I should carry around a room-key if I want to valet. To me, this was extremely unwelcoming. So if someone was staying at another hotel but wanted to come to a restaurant, they would be forced to self-park? RUDE!. . So, not only was it a problem to valet, but every time I did valet it took between 15-20 minutes to get my car, totally unacceptable with cars that are in valet are very close. The Cosmopolitan welcomes everyone to valet, and has a quicker system anyways, so maybe I will just stay there next time!
Sooooo much better than the Mandalay Bay was last year. Of note, the carpet didn't hurt my feet and none of the floors featured uneven fake cobblestones designed to kill my ankles.. . I got the standard Venetian room, with a nice little bedroom area, and then a sunken in living room with a couch and chair, writing desk, and table. I did get a view of the pool, which was nice. The bed was very comfortable, although it did have the worst case of "not fitted sheets" that I've ever seen - just laying down untucked all of the bottom sheet, guaranteeing you'd be sleeping in a wadded up mess about 5 minutes in to the night. Feels like for what casinos like this charge, they could get themselves some fitted sheets.. . Nice big bathroom, soaker tub and glassed in shower, plus a double vanity, plus a little side table with makeup mirror. So that's pretty cool. Although...no ventilation. Man, this place is making its way on to all of the bad hotel lists.. . My major complaint here was layout. Holy god - to get from the main lobby to the room, you go through this weird little back entry way by the reception desk, and up an elevator from the *Venetian* lobby to the *Venezia* lobby, which by the way, is completely unused, although patrolled by security. Then you walk down a really long hallway, twist and turn through some more hallways, finally walk through a hallway where there are actual hotel rooms (If I had one of these rooms, I would be furious) and find yourself in another elevator. Then you take that up to your floor, and walk a while to get to the room, depending on where it is on the floor. Quite a hike. I wish I had brought a pedometer to gauge the distance, but I did clock it - my usual brisk walking speed still took me 11 minutes to get from the room to the conference center. Crazy. Maybe this is to be expected, but it seems bizarre. The double elevator thing really blew my mind this time.
I did not actually stay in the hotel, but just passed through to do a gondola ride and take in a show.  It is a very aesthetically pleasing place.  I would be more than happy to give this place a try if I am ever back on the strip in Vegas.
This hotel is beautiful, the pools are fab!!!. . I really enjoyed my stay here except ONE thing.... the phone service sucks if you are in your room! I stayed in the Bella suites thi weekend in the Venizia tower and it was like a dead zone, it took forever to get texts and for any thing internet related to come through. It was important for my phone to work since I was with a large group!. . Oh and one other thing, we were told we would get half off room service if we mentioned a certain staffs name, we used this twice and got 50% off our entire order but the third time they told us that they never had a promotion like that. (???)
I was not particularly impressed with this hotel.  While all the rooms are suites, the views aren't fantastic.  There is one side that overlooks a lighted outdoor pool area, but my view was of concrete and garage.  Not so pretty.. . Also, I was constantly subjected to the soundtrack to Phantom of the Opera.  While I'm not a Weber fan, I can deal with small doses.  What I cannot deal with is the soundtrack for anything playing on an infinite loop.  In my 5 day stay there, I heard every song FAR TOO MANY TIMES.  Even if it had been broken up with songs from other performances happening in the hotel, I could have dealt with it, but even the Weber fans in our group found it to be a bit much.. . Also, in the room, there were three television sets (sitting area, across from the bed and in the bathroom), but absolutely no functional drawers.  I would have happily traded any one of the televisions for functional drawers.  Instead, they provided weird enclosed shelving and a closet.  How very strange.. . For the cost of the rooms, I found the place to be lacking.  If it had been coming out of my pocket, I would be a lot more unhappy with the overall experience, but even with my company paying for it, I wasn't particularly impressed.  While the suites are nice, I found it was actually too big.  Who goes to Vegas to spend time in their hotel room, anyway?  When I wasn't working, I was exploring the Strip.  I really only slept and changed in my room, and who needs a suite for that?
Beautiful hotel - great to see but not to stay. Terrible layout and outdated rooms make it a great property to visit and see vs. stay. . . ROOMS. The hotel remains the most classically elegant in Vegas with incredible ceiling frescoes, but the rooms are showing their age. Main dislike is the suite tower layout, which is confounding labyrinthine and quite easy to get lost in. Suites are very spacious and well laid-out. Had a room facing the inner courtyard and pool, which was nice and quiet. Didn't care for the bathroom toiletries at al.. . SERVICE. Room service is spotty - was flawless on day 1 but then arrived 30-minutes late the following morning, not really acceptable.. . DINING. Delmonico is one of my favorite steakhouses in Vegas.. Bouchon (Thomas Keller) features fantastic brunch offerings and also good for dinner. Bouchon Bakery has amazing pastries.. Noodle Asia offers casual, surprisingly authentic Chinese cuisine.. Espressamente Illy - love Illy! Espresso affogato is divine.. . SHOPPING. Love the shops at Palazzo - DVF, Barneys, Chloe. A calmer experience than Fashion Show Mall and Miracle Mile Shops.
The best day to come to Venetian is during weekdays...less crowded and you get to spend more time walking without bumping anyone as you walk.. . I love the Phantom of the Opera and been here 2xwithin the span of 5 yrs.  We like window shopping at the Canal. . . But overall, it does get tiring after sometime...if you've been here more than 5x in your lifetime, you will yearn for a different things to do/see.
While the Venetian has some of the best rooms around (suites with sunken living rooms), it is enormous in size.  Easy to get lost getting to your own room.  . . Also, the lack of coffee makers in the rooms serves to be a problem when you need a cup first thing, and your room is in the farthest-away  tower from the casino.   The fact that I needed to get up, walk all the way to the elevator (long walk), then go downstairs to another hall, then to the lobby, across the lobby and then through the casino and up the escalator stairs to the shopping area to get a cup of coffee was frustrating to say the least.  I did not want to wait for room service or spend $22 for a pot of java just to get a single cup.  I did attempt this one morning and put the breakfast card out on the door the night before (early), only to find out it never got picked up.. . My friends staying at Paris had the coffee makers.
My girlfriend and I stayed at the Venetian for three nights on July 20-23, 2012. Visually its a beautiful hotel of course with tons of shops and restaurants in side to  spend money on...but lets just bottom line things...Pros:  big big rooms if you need them...650-700 square feet for the regular rooms.  We didn't really use all of the space but its nice to have if  you need it.  Extremely comfortable beds!!! Super quiet airconditioning that worked great.  Clean and beautiful rooms. Quiet.  . . Now the cons:  Lighting lighting lighting!!!!! What the people at this hotel dont get is that women need good lighting to put on their makeup.  The lighting in the bathroom and in the entire suite is horrible!!! It is so dark!!  Neither one of us could tell if our makeup was good because we couldn't see it well enough.  There IS a makeup mirror with a light, but even the light on that is too dim.  Plus you can't take pics in the full length mirror in the hall because the lighting there sucks too.  This was kind of a big issue with us because when  you go to Vegas you want to go out looking good, not wondering if you overdid your makeup because you couldn't see it.  There are other things that we didn't like..no microwave in the room, no coffee...NO DRESSER TO PUT CLOTHES!!! WHAT ARE THEY THINKING!!!  some people do not like to leave all of their stuff in a suitcase!!  That really bugged me.  I wouldn't stay here again.  Its a pretty hotel but I would look for something more functional
Wonderful hotel/casino on the strip, right in the center of the action. The room was amazing with two king beds, then a seperate living room with a pull out bed. The bathroom has a separate room for the toilet, two sinks, a garden tub and a walk in shower. . My only issue is that we were captive there for a conference and the prices of food were outragous. Normally not a problem because of per diem... However this was a conference for teachers and schools barely pay any per diem at all. Mine paid $50 a day but I heard of others being paid less. You can barely get a good dinner for that amount in this area of the strip.
I am less enamored with The Venetian than I once was. This was my third time staying here and I can now say, like many others, that it's overrated. Somehow the prices have gotten ridiculous, and even for the pathetic $129/night I paid, I felt a bit jipped. When you factor in the resort fee ($22.40) and tax ($15.69) you're really paying $167.09/night. While the rooms are nice, I don't think they warrant that kind of price.. . I now notice all the dings and yuck marks that others have mentioned. I also noticed the near broken shower handle and the flippant attitude of the check-in staff. I really super-noticed the lack of places to obtain reasonably priced drinks and on-tap beers. Lastly, I really noticed just how far north the hotel is. . . My next time in Vegas I'll gamble a bit and select a lower end hotel. Although I do not subscribe to the old Vegas adage "...you're only in your room to sleep" I don't think it's necessary to have such a nice room when you're only in it 1/2 the time. . . *****You will thank me for this tip: If guest services tries to give you a room on the 3rd floor, DECLINE like your life depends on it!
The suite was beautiful with the best bathtub I ever enjoyed. Any food I purchased was great. Here are a list of little things I didn't expect at such a great place.. . No free HBO or premium TV channels. REALLY BAD internet (wireless & wired). Charge is $15.99 A DAY!. No refrig, microwave, coffee pot, or hot water in room. No free plastic bags for laundry. No emergency toothpaste or other amenities.. No late check out. (Check out was 11 am.). Front desk unable to print bill in 2 folios as requested. (Supervisor tried twice.). . There is a cold bar refrig in the room. I took a few bottles out for a while to keep some ice cream cold. - I found out I was charge for beverages based on a electronic monitoring system.(They removed the charges.). . The biggest disappointment was the poor internet service. It constantly dropped and was barely usable at times.. Luckily most of our expenses were covered by business, but these issues did affect the quality of the visit.
Beautiful hotel; however, customer service was sadly lacking, impersonal even.   The front desk seemed more interested in offering us an upgraded room for an additional $45.00 a day than welcoming us.  . This theme resonated throughout our five day stay: house keeping woke us up at 8.30 every morning, never did get the refrigerator we were promised for our room, and so on.   Rumor has it the Wynn is more customer friendly.  I will give them my business next time.
First time in Vegas, was here for a work conference.  Total luxury, totally expensive.  Best hotel bed I've ever slept on.  Good LCD TVs.  No microwave, no coffee maker, no fridge unless you request one from housekeeping.  Depending on where your room is it can take FOREVER to get other parts of the hotel.  The Internet sucks, wired or wireless.  Everything costs extra and I mean EVERYTHING.  Plenty of food selections. Grand lux cafe is where I ate most of the time.  Mornings were frustrating because all I wanted was coffee and a bagel, but didn't feel like walking a marathon to the food court just to grab some quick food.  I could have ordered room service but then A coffee and bagel turn into a 13 dollar ordeal after tip.  By far the cleanest least smokey casino that I saw, but you better have some serious cash to play here.  Make sure you add 20.00$ to your roommate which gives you access to their gym and awful wifi.  I work out 5 days a week so my favorite part of my stay was by far the gym.  Awesome equipment.  I tried to go into the hot tub and water therapy area and couldn't unless "surprise" I paid ANOTHER 20.00 dollars. Ughh, like I said everything is extra. . . If an 80.00 a night Marriott can have free continental breakfast and a coffee maker in the room, why can't a 200.00$ a night hotel on the strip??
I remember the days when Venetian was the newest thing on the Strip, a little Imagineering-esque take on Italy thrown into that tiny desert city we all love and/or hate.  It would be a long time before I got my first chance to stay there, and between the opening and that day a lot of other hotels were stood up.  Needless to say, I've been a bit spoiled by the more recent players in the suites-only hotel game and Venetian feels a bit old in comparison.  . . The actual property including the gaming, restaurants and venues are still top-notch.  I actually like the fakeness of it all, walking around the shops eating ice cream and watching people meander down the small indoor canals in the least romantic gondolas I've ever seen.  It may sound like I'm being sarcastic about liking it all, but as a person who loves theme parks, entertainment design and film, it is quite fun to walk through a place that doesn't feel like home.. . The rooms themselves feel a bit dated now with decor matching something from my parents' home rather than the bleeding edge of interior design trends.  Part of this is understandable to match the high-end but traditional sensibilities of old world Italian luxury, but that doesn't mean you can't update some of the lighting at least?  In the piazza suite we last had the warm, but very dim, lighting made the whole suite feel stuffy and a bit eerie.  I much prefer the smaller suites which never had that same feeling.  The bathrooms were impeccable and quite large, and the shower door never leaked gallons of water.  I hate having to walk through the a large part of the casino to get from the lobby to the guest elevators though. . . The Canyon Ranch Spa is definitely nice, but I still prefer the one at Caesar's.  The gym is pretty decently sized with a variety of machines and a large area devoted to cardio.  The pool area meets the same high standard set by the rest of the property.. . Overall I like the place and would stay again without hesitation, but it just doesn't wow me as much as some other properties around the Strip.
Parking for oversized vehicles.  Nuff said. A casino that smells like flowers,  AND an awesome taxi line security that will stand for NO taxi driver trying to cut the line.
Beautiful hotel, spacious rooms and comfortable beds.  Details in the decor was spot on, you definitely feel like you are in the lap of luxury.  Lots of TVs in the room, automatic blinds and big comfortable couches.  Liked the vanity table with the lighted mirror in the bathroom.  Wonderful..... . Some misses on the hotel room- no coffee makers in the room, and the lighting was extremely dim throughout the room including the bathroom.  It was almost frustrating.The Wi-fi was free but horrible.  You could not keep a connection longer than 5 minutes.    . . Additionally, the room was not thoroughly cleaned when we checked in. The next day,  we went on a day excursion and returned to the hotel around 1 pm and the room still wasn't clean. . . Loved the shops, high quality restaurants and the over ambiance of the place.  Would stay again because it's a great value for what you get.  On the other hand, so many great hotels on the strip we may try another.
I was nervous about picking such a large hotel for our place to stay.    I waffled between Four Seasons and Venetian, however, the attractive price of Venetian and their large room sizes won me over.   . . When we first walked into the hotel, I saw that the check-in line was about long as the check-in line at O'Hare airport for UAL!   However, I was pleasantly surprised that the line went SUPER fast -- which was managed by a hotel personnel -- and we were checked in promptly and courteously.   (If only airport lines went this quickly!)  My next fear was how long it was going to take our luggage to come to our room.  Again, to my pleasant surprise, our luggage came within 15 minutes of checking into our room.  . . During our 2 day stay, the only complaint that I had was a wobbly toilet lever (which was still functional), the mistaken mini-fridge charges (which they took off promptly) and weird Chinese brand of toiletries.  Car was pulled out of valet quickly.    Calls to front desk and valet were picked up quickly.  WiFi was great and I had no connectivity problem.  (I used WiFi to stream a bunch of work related videos).    . . We loved BOUCHON for breakfast, B&B, and the shopping!!.    We also loved the comfy couch in the room.  . . We also went to bunch of other hotels which made me appreciate the cleanliness and upscale quality of Venetian.     . . . . Even with all of the choices, we would probably come back to this hotel if we ever returned to Las Vegas.
We never got a chance to stay here because the Venetian would not work with us and they kept our deposit.  The story goes like this.  Due to security delays at the airport we did not make our flight and could not get on a flight that day so our trip was canceled.  We called the Venetian immediately to make them aware of this and they told me that the deposit was non-refundable.  We were told that we needed to give a CC to hold the deposit for another time and we would be charged an additional $50.00.  We agreed to do this but when we called to schedule our next trip we were told our deposit had expired ... so my wife and I are out a couple of hundred and the Venetian keeps our money and does not provide anything for the money.  Very disappointing.. . . Addendum - After complaining/negotiating with corporate, the Venetian decided to honor our request and use the prepaid deposit.  We stayed on a Sunday night in July and had a very nice time.  The hotel is very nice and we enjoyed the pools and gambling.  If the price is right we would probably return.
The Venetian is huge especially after adding the Palazzo next door.  I am sort of reminded of my previous visits to Venice in a sort of tacky way but whatever, it's still nice.. . The rooms are great since I believe they are all suites (all the rooms that I have stayed at were suites).  . . I have also spent a lot of time at Tao and Lavo and those are pretty cool clubs.
My Spanish is very basic. The maid knocked on the door and gave me a dirty look. I was waiting for the bell boy to get our bags. she said something in spanish and i asked "what?" She didnt answer and then all she said was "Seven" in English.. . Overall, the stay was fine. The maid ticked me off and I don't ever treat Service personnel badly because that's how I put myself through college, and I know what how it feels, but her dirty look and attitude overtook my usual considerate nature. I think I was more offended because it was not my fault. The bellboy took 45 minutes to get to the room!!!
Ask for the newer tower if you want to be in the action. Go fo the older one if you want quiet....and a walk....
We didn't stay at the Venetian, but wandered down here to see the show "Rock of Ages".  Just a couple of comments to the folks at the Venetian:. . 1.  Public House has been a restaurant/pub in your hotel for over a year now....could you please add them to your arrowed signage? We seriously had to ask two different employees for it....and we're pretty good with our way around in Vegas.. . 2.  After the show, we headed to the cab line to head to another part of town.  It would be awesome if your guests didn't have to hear your "cab getter, door opener" guy cursing at the cab drivers.  As we come out, the "CG,DO" guy is screaming "Just shut the f*** up and stay there!" to a cab in line.  Real professional, Venetian.
Overdone but purty.
Good things about this casino are bright, tall ceilings and have TAO!
This place...took all of our money...stay away from the Casino. These dealers are ruthless!!! Go to Bellagio or MGM instead!. . Just kidding, but I mean they are ruthless and did take all of our money. Inside decor is great, lots of great shops that are too expensive for the 99% of people. 99% of shops in there are also empty of shoppers. This is just a good place to window shop or look at the decor and architecture.
Holy crap, getting to our room at the Venezia tower was like playing the elevator round of Donkey Kong!  . . Okay.... . First of all, we had two reservations at the newer Palazzo, adjoining rooms.  When we got to the Palazzo, after 15 minutes of back and forth, there was nothing available... even though we arrived around 3pm.  They put us in the holdover Venetian, which is a long walk away. . . We walked all the way over there (had to later move the car as well), our room was 5-430.  Now, where would you start your search for the room?  Probably in the tower, 1-6, right?  WRONG.  . . We went up the 1-6 tower, no rooms with that number.  We asked a cleaning lady, couldn't understand her, went back down (after the huge wait for the elevator, due to the pool being right below).  We found a security guy, he told us that we need to take the 17-26 elevator... but, to floor 10...!?  Floor 10 on a 17-26 elevator while looking for floor 5.  That sure makes sense.. . So, low and behold, on the elevator, there IS a secret floor 10, then floors 17-26.  We got there, then asked one of the guards where to go next.  Over the skybridge!  Woo hoo... more walking.  We go over the skybridge, then what?  THEN... there is an elevator to floor five.. . I mean, come the eff on.  That's just stupid.  The rooms there are nice and there is great artwork but this is just ridiculously poorly-planned.  Having just experienced that elevator hell, I saw an equally lost Russian couple, speaking no English... I "Charaded" to them to follow me and I showed them the below-listed tip.... . *** TIP!!!  I later discovered the "secret" to a slightly less dreadful sequence of elevators to get in and out, while staying in the Venezia tower.  Right next to the check-in, there is an elevator down with a hallway to the right... go up that elevator to the 2nd level (there are only two options).  Then, you walk down a super long hallway but then there's the elevator to all of the floors.  In my case, I pressed five and there it was... no secret floor 10, no skybridge, etc.. . . Still, the rooms here are always top notch the and service is impeccable.
This is a review of the casino.  I play craps and I'm used to the cocktail waitresses coming around often and remembering my drink order.. . I played for two hours and the waitress couldn't seem to remember to bring me a rum and coke.  Later in the evening, we ordered drinks at the bar and it took forever to be helped even though the bar wasn't busy.. . The rooms are nice, but I agree with other reviewers, the Venezia tower rooms are hard to get to.
Stayed last week for 5 days and my only complaint is the bed. Now days later my neck and back are still in pain. Bed is super hard and not comfortable. The pillows are worse...old and soft. Besides that the room is was super nice with living room and three TVs including one the bathroom. There is also a huge bathtub which is cool; however wish it was a jet tub. In conclusion, I expected more in the bed from a posh hotel.
This was our second stay at the Venetian.  . . Last visit, the reception was outstanding.  This time, I think the lady who greeted us couldn't of cared any less.  A room mix-up on check in and they wanted to charge ME an extra 50 bucks.  Then we were very surprise to find hair (lots of it) in the shower and someones garbage in the trash bin.  . . Come on guys.  You can do better.
I won't comment on the hotel since we stayed next door at The Palazzo, except to reiterate that it captures none of the feel or charms of Venice and is just a fancy mall.. . I did however use the pool cabana on the Venetian side. The Palazzo pool is where all the families go. The Venetian is where the TAO beach club happens during the day. Since we were there with a bachelorette party we opted for the Venetian.. . So why get a cabana you may ask? You don't need one but it's nice for special occasions. The weekend we were there it was 110 deg during the day. There isn't much shade by the pool. That makes sense since people want to lie out in the sun but I couldn't take more than half an hour of the sun and even then sweat was pouring down my face. The only way to cool off is to go inside, go into the pool or into your cabana. Since we were there with a group of girls with varying desires to tan the cabana was perfect. Half of us took turns outside in the loungers while others hid out inside the cabana which is shaded with curtains to keep in the lovely cool air from the a/c unit. Yes, only in vegas can you get a poolside cabana with an a/c unit, mini fridge and tv. The hostess came by every 20 minutes or so to see if we needed anything. You can order food from the pool deck restaurant and have it delivered. In our case we brought a grocery bag full of snacks and also our own liquor. I'm not sure if it's technically allowed by they didn't say anything. Without the cabana we wouldn't have been able to spend the afternoon together by the pool as I'm sure some would get overheated and tired and end up leaving. This way we were able to hang out and do "bachelorette" things. . . If I was there with a smaller group of people I probably wouldn't bother with a cabana at $500 for the afternoon (you must checkin at 10 AM and the cabana officially holds just 8 people).. . The pool is nice though it's really for standing around and drinking. It's only 3 ft deep and gets crowded so you can't really lie around (no floaties anyways) or play in it. If you have a drink you need to stay within arms length of the pool edge. The lifeguards spent most of their time whistling at people trying go escape with their drinks.
Lovely size room (woo hoo all suites! bigger than our apartment!), and for $149 that is a wonderful size, and I mean obviously we need 3 TVs, that's just common sense. But breakfast isn't included, and they tack on a mandatory $25 a night when you check in for "wifi and pool access." The wifi didn't work (lots of calls for tech help, and even a tech person coming by, were useless). When we checked out the woman at the desk did refund the leisure fee or whatever, but still. they should just have a place for folks to bring their laptops if their room internet isn't working.. This place is fantastic if you are a fan of cruiseships. The pool area looked divine (though we didn't get a chance to enjoy it). The Venetian is overall very mall-ish, and all in all over-priced for meals and even getting coffee. I think you can look a little harder and find somewhere on the strip that'll include breakfast. . Oh and our sheets had a huge unspecific brown stain. yeesh.
The Venetian is located directly on the strip in good proximity to Treasure Island, Harrah's, The Mirage, Ceasars and The Wynn. It's an Italian themed hotel with lots of Marble and has a canal running through the shops. You can rent a Gondola ($75&up/person) and the person navigating the boat sings in Italian. . . The reason that this hotel gets three stars: . Rooms-Incredibly spacious (650sq ft) with a sunken, attached living room w/sectional couch. You get a king bed w/great linens and a spacious bathroom with TV bath and separate tub & shower. Rooms are clean and class-fully dressed with automated curtains w/remote control. Essentials included are typical shampoo, body wash and conditioner, Que tips, shower cap, sewing kit and cotton swabs. There is also a safe available in the closet. A real negative is the lack of a coffee maker in the room forcing you to go in search of $8 coffee in or around the casino. They also have a weighted tray with various drinks and snacks on it. BEWARE - Their is no pricelist for any of it but if you LIFT anything off to even look at it, it will get billed to your room. You can have the charge reversed if you catch it. . . Access- room access is another big negative. After check in you must navigate successfully through several hallways and the casino to find the elevators which are tucked away and hard to find. We often joked that it would take 30 minutes to get to the strip from our room. Casinos being a confusing labyrinth to keep people in them lent to difficulty in finding our way back time after time. Three days in and we finally started to get the hang of it from the two doors.. . WIFI - is very weak and undependable. At least it was on the 27th floor for us and another couple staying with us.. . Pools - We two different locations with a total of five pools and four hot tubs. Area one was on the fourth floor of the Venetian Tower. It had one kiddy pool, two full sized adult pools and two hot tubs in a very large area. Towels were readily available and you had the option to rent a cabana style shelter with ceiling fan, TV and private seating in and outside of it for a fee($300/day) We didn't stay as it was quite busy at this location and so we went to the Velezia tower pool on the 10th floor. It is easily accessible although you don't want to be running around in just your bathing suit as you pass a restaurant and it can get cold with the A/C. The other location has two smaller pools side by side in a beautifully decorated Greek style garden adorned with lots of tile and marble. One of the pools has a colder temperature and the other is warm - about 90 degrees. The hot tubs are side by side, although I didn't bother to use them in 100+ temperatures. No cabanas were available but servers from the restaurant nearby came around to take orders for food or drink. . . Shopping/Mall Entertainment - The Canal is the large draw of this hotel for mall entertainment but it doesn't touch TI Sirens, the Atlantis in Ceasars or the volcano. The charge was too much to justify a 15 minute trip up a busy mall with people gawking and taking pictures of your "romantic" ride. As a mall, it is comparable to other malls on the strip although more on a higher end scale. . . In closing, it was a great experience for our first time at this hotel but due to the constant inconvenience of getting to our rooms, as well as(I like my morning brew) a lack of a coffee maker(I like my morning brew) I would not likely stay again. If you are looking for a really nice room and don't care for a cup of java, then give it a try!
We stayed at the Venetian for 3 nights and we really enjoyed it, our room was great no complaints there at all. I love the Venetians casino it feels very clean, I like the location of the Venetian on the strip. The problem we had while staying at the Venetian was how far our room was from the lobby! I realize that the Venetian is huge as are all of the hotels in Las Vegas but when It is a 1/4 mile to your room from the lobby we thought that was a little excessive. From the Casino to the lobby to our room it was about 1/2 a mile. That might not seem like a lot but when you make that trip 3 times a day for 3 days you get really board with it really fast. . Overall loved the room hated the walk to our room.
Great atmosphere, and great food.. However, they failed to keep my reservation.. I called them to reserve at Bouchon, they confirmed it, but didn't give me a confirmation number and hung up. At the day of the reservation I called to confirm it again, but they said that I never reserved it so I ended up having to change my plans.
I stayed here a few years ago. The entrance is grand and everything is pretty decked out. I wish they spent less on decorations in the foyer and more on the couch in the room. lol. I fell asleep on it and it gave me back pain. . . My honest opinion.........stay at Encore or Wynn. The prices are not that far apart. Encore is newer, cleaner, and doesn't smell as much...
Went for a business trip. Awesome food...the best pastries I've had. Not a casino fan, but went to the Phantom of the Opera and was really nice. Don't miss the Venice canal!. The 3 stars are because people smoke everywhere!!! I hated that
Perhaps my expectations were too high but this hotel didn't surprise me. The lighting in the rooms are really bad, had to figure out how to turn on and off the lights in multiple areas. I have stayed in a few better hotels in Vegas
I stayed at the Venetian during my first trip to Vegas a few weeks ago. Overall, I was satisfied but I don't know that I'd stay here again. My biggest complaint was really a complaint about Vegas itself: the smoking. Everywhere the smoking! Any time I walked through the casino, the shopping mall, or really any public area except the gym it stunk like smoke. Plus, they pipe in some sort of perfume (lavender maybe?) to try to cover it up, but it just ends up smelling like lavender-y stink. Gross.. . The actual room was nice. We requested two queen beds, but when we checked in that wasn't available (?) so they upgraded us to a suite with one king bed instead. The bed was really comfortable and the bathroom was gigantic. There was a living room area with an L-shaped couch and TV, which was nice. However, the couch was some weird mustard-colored crushed velvet material and seemed really old (there were several visibly worn spots where people had sit, these were the spots right in front of the TV). Our windows faced the pool, and so they were heavily tinted- I don't know if all the rooms are like this or just the pool-facing ones. The tinting meant the room always seemed dark and I could never tell if it was sunny outside or not. We got hit with minibar charges at check-out even though we opened nothing, because we picked up a few items to look for prices (none were listed- bad sign!). Apparently everything is on a sensor and if you touch it/move it they will try to charge you. We explained the situation and they took the charges off our bill, but still. Shady, Venetian.. . We had a problem with the electrical outlets in the bathroom and on one side of the bed not working. We called the front desk to let them know, but nobody ever came to fix it. We did find the reset button for the bathroom outlets, but we were never able to fix the bedside outlet (so I had to charge my phone across the room). Although they never sent someone to fix the electrical problems when requested, they DID send someone to fix the TV when it wasn't broken. . . This was very odd, a guy showed up and said he was there to look at the TV. I told him there was nothing wrong with it, and he asked if he could come in anyway to take a look. I said no, because I'm a girl alone in a hotel room and I'm not letting some strange dude in, especially when he says he's there to address a request I never made. The whole thing seemed weird, although I did see him around a few more times so I'm pretty sure he did actually work there. It just gave me a weird vibe. . . I was in and out of the room a lot, and frustratingly had issues with housekeeping coming. One day, one of the housekeepers knocked on my door just as I was leaving, so I said "oh, I'm just heading to lunch, perfect timing. I'm going to grab my bag and I'll go." She said okay, but I'm not sure if she understood me/understood English, because I left and purposely lingered over lunch, staying out of the room for over 2 hours to give them plenty of time. When I got back, still no housekeeping. They had finished our hallway and never came back. We called the front desk that evening to request fresh towels, and when we mentioned housekeeping never came the guy was like "we suggest not putting the do not disturb sign on your door if you want your room cleaned." Really dude? . . I was also frustrated with the pool: I went three days, and everything was fine until the last day. I had to move four different times to get away from people smoking cigarettes/cigars. I realize we're outside, but when you're lying in one place for long periods of time you really get a lungful. I did finally manage to find a smoke-free spot in one of the back rows around the pool, which is fine, I didn't need to be near the water. But there's a grate that runs around the edge of the pool deck and it stunk like sewer, so at that point I just left the pool. I was so frustrated. Be warned that between the smoke and the sewer, the pool at the Venetian can be a very fragrant experience.. . The location on the strip is great, and there are a lot of great dining options in the hotel. There was a National Geographic "50 Greatest Photographs" exhibit in the lobby during my stay (you had to pay admission though) and it was very cool. The decor is very pretty. There are a lot of good shopping options for all budgets in the shops. The gym is nice and has lots of machines (although it was weirdly very hot, even though the rest of the hotel is on AC-overload). The staff were friendly and helpful for the most part.
Nice suite, in Venezia tower. 18th floor with a nice view of strip. I prefer Palazzo over Venetian. No coffee maker in room, boo. No sectional, in suite, another boo. A sectional, like at the Palazzo, is much better than the sofa bed w/ two chairs. Got a free coupon for coffee upon checkin. In order to redeem it the coffee shop is clear on other side of hotel & it's the smallest coffee I've ever seen!! So not worth the trek. The bathrm is a great size. Really large shower. I had some leftover food from a restaurant, asked at front desk if I could warm it in a microwave some place. I was told NO, there was nowhere. Also, the ice maker for the floor was in a whole other wing, very far from room.This is not 5 star service & I was somewhat inconvenienced. At a nightly rate of $350+, there should be no inconvenience.
