I decided to purchase tickets to "The Beatles LOVE" after reading about all of the rave reviews of it on yelp. I had a good time at "The Beatles LOVE," but I still felt let down given the cost. The musical arrangements were fantastic, the show was well-produced and costumed, and it was often quite cute. However, I was a little disappointed with the lack of much of the acrobatics that characterize other Cirque de Soleil in Las Vegas. Most of the action seemed to take place on the ground. I did not think the stunts that they actually did pull off were that great, at least compared to those in "O." The main draw of this show is the music, but don't expect breathtaking acrobatics.
If you have never been to a broadway play or another cirque show then its probably better, but it was just average.  I love the Beatles, but the show really didn't make sense and not till the 3-4 song I realized that there is no theme.   They just play different Beatles songs and have cast members in 60's garb dancing around and doing the occasional trapeze act or Cirque like acrobatics.. . It is more equivalent to a Broadway show with a few really cool acts.  Lets just say that 3 stars is still a good review, but not over the top.  I would say to see it if you like the Beatles.  If not a Beatle fan I would say to skip it and see another Cirque showlike KA, O, or Mystere.
Dear Beatles,. More 'cirque' and less 'du soleil' please.. . By that I mean less choreography and more flips and crazy stuff.. . This was my first ever Cirque du Soleil show and I was so stoked because I'm a HUGE Beatles fan. Not to give too much away, but the opening was mind blowingly amazing. But after that, the show sort of slowed down, with a few pick-me-ups in the middle (ie: rollerblading X-Games style to "Revolution"). At some points during the show, I felt like I was watching a modern dance interpretation of the Beatles, which wasn't bad, but I was just expecting a lot more of a circus vibe with more acrobats and dangerous stunts. However, the soundtrack to the show was beautifully crafted, and you could definitely tell that the makers of the show really wanted to focus on commemorating the Beatles as a band. One of the ways they did this, and one of the things I most loved about LOVE, was that they incorporated a lot of the dialog between the band members that had been caught on tape.. . Don't worry about where you sit, because really there isn't a bad seat in the house. I sat pretty far back, and there is a scene where the performance comes out to the audience and it was really cool to be able to see everything, plus the stage is round so there really isn't a "front" or "back". But what was up with the leg room?! I got way more leg room on my flight into Las Vegas than I did at the LOVE theatre. If you're sitting near or on the aisle, wait until everybody in your area has sat down before you because it gets really tight and annoying when people have to go in and out. I also recommend getting a drink or two before the show, try "Hear Comes the Sun" a sunny blend of rums and juices.. . TIP: don't sing along during the show. We all get it, you're a Beatles fan and you know the words to the songs, that's why you're here watching the show, but so are the rest of the people sitting around you. I love "Blackbird" as much as you do, guy.. . Great show, I can't wait to go back to see more Cirque du Soleil in Vegas!
I was pleasantly surprised that I enjoyed this show. Considering I'm not a very big beatles fan. Although I do love a few of their songs. It helps when watching the show. Took my younger brother here for his 21 b day. He loved this show. So that's all that really mattered to me. Visually this show is very much mind blowing. And to be quite honest there really isn't a bad seat in the house. I sat at top balcony. Was really able to see the whole set. It's pretty cool how every seat has their own set of speakers. So you can really get into it. Kinda bummed there wasn't very many acrobatics. But the visual stuff made up for it. I hate to be negative. But there were some real pointless acts in the show. Like this rain boot set they had. So annoying. There was another less than entertaining portion. Just cant really remember. All in all it was pretty good. We also got our tickets at discount price so I can't complain. I'd recommend this show for a younger audience. Don't get me wrong its great for adults too. But I'm sure everyone has different tastes. I think if I was a bigger fan of the music. I would have gave it more stars. But it's worth checking out.
Totally overrated. I had high expectations for this show considering that everyone I know who has seen it rants and raves on how great it is. I have to say, going in I was comparing it to O (which I think is the best show of all time) so it's possible that my expectations are skewed. For the price of the tickets and all the hype, I expected this show to be mind blowing...maybe if I had thought of eating some special brownies first! . . Anyway, the show is basically a mix of dancers and some acrobats choreographed to Beatles music. I thought it was kind of cheesy and I didn't think that the dancing or acrobats were particularly unique or intriguing. To add to the cheesy factor they had an act with roller bladers going back and forth on a ramp. I think they are trying to appeal to the younger generations but someone should tell them that rollerblading in 2011 is now a little on the lame side. Not to discredit the performers' skill or talent, I would have been more impressed at an X Games event.
First let me preface this by saying that I still think "O" by Cirque is still the best of the Cirque shows.  Having said that, I really enjoyed this show.  It's located in The Mirage Hotel & Casino, so it's not the newest of the new hotels in Vegas but at least it isn't a dump.. . In order to get to the show entrance, you have to walk down this path that leads conveniently by the Beatles store.  There are a few photo opps with Beatles memorabilia backdrops.  The ushers are dressed in Sergeant Pepper costumes and are very willing to take a picture with you.. . The stage is set in the center of the auditorium with seating 360 degrees around.  Like all Cirque shows, you will find performers appearing from everywhere above and below.  I wasn't totally in love with the show but maybe I didn't have the best seat.  I will say that the best part of the show was the music.  It was all Beatles music and I actually really like the Beatles.. . It's a definite recommend from me!
This show was OKAY.  I see that happening a lot now...making money off of dead entertainers like Elvis, MJ, by blastering their music loud and have performers in wild costumes dancing and jumping all over the place.  Lacks originality.  I think the Cirque Du Soleil brand has become too diluted.
First this is really a dance performance more than anything, with spectacular visuals set against Beatles music. Those expecting acrobatics will be disappointed, but there are a few outstanding acts here and there. . . I felt that the start of the show was a little messy and contrived. But by the third or fourth song the show had hit its stride, and it got really enjoyable. One thing to note I wasn't a big fan of how my favorite Beatles' song was interpreted. Oh and try to sit in the second section for the best view!
I'm a huge Beatles fan and I have seen many Cirque du Soleil shows, so of course my expectations were high. This particular show was more of dance performances than acrobatics.  So I was missing that part.  I felt it was kind of a short show, 90 minutes, compared to others and I found myself saying 'that's it??" at the end.  I didn't get the storyline, if there actually was one.  But what I did love was the costumes, they were fabulous. And I just LOVED how they used the voices from the Beatles themselves.  I wish they had done a lot more of that throughout the show.  It gave me chills hearing their voices like they were really there! I recommend this show only if O is sold out and if you're a big Beatles fan.
Sat in row S and being part of Cirque Club, I got a bunch of seats for $50 each.  I'm not a super fan of the Beatles but since the tickets were cheaper and my friends wanted to check it out, I jumped on the bandwagon and headed inside.. . Usually with most Cirque shows, I usually have to figure out what the f___ the story is and et cetera.  With LOVE, we know what the story is and are there to see the show's "interpretation" of the songs and their meanings.  All in all, there were many cool moments of physical daring and skill and lots of sound bites of the Fab 4 during their careers.  A few of my favorite Beatles songs like "Here Comes The Sun" and "Hey Jude" were played.  There was one moment where they had a strobelight flashing  for 10 seconds straight.  At that point, I didn't close my eyes but I wish I did because I felt like I almost could have had a seizure.  Memo to the show management: Flashing lights from a Japanese cartoon had caused a few kids to have actual seizures!  Maybe tone it down a bit.... . Overall, I enjoyed the show and the concepts and even the pleasure of the LOVE theater inside with the glass transparent hallways and fab colors splashed everywhere.  However, I don't know if I could ever recommend this show to anyone but the most hardcore Beatles followers.
Some of my friends will hate me for this, but I just didn't find this one as good as my other cirque experience. As much as I love the Beatles and their music, there was no story line. Which I understand, it's a Beatles tribute and hard to put a story together based on their songs. But I guess I don't deal well with the abstract. I went in a group of 5 and some loved it, while others thought it was okay. I personally would have preferred more acrobats and less dancing, and maybe I would have liked it more if it had been my first cirque show. Who knows. A good show, but not sure it was worth my $123.
It was my first time to see a show in Vegas and I enjoyed it. The acrobatics and stage settings were breathtaking, and the musical extracts featured throughout the show harked back to memories of a multitude of Beatles' songs. It's played at the Mirage -- centrally located on the Strip. The show was played on a stage with seats surrounding it 360 degree-style, and the curtains draping over in various directions were lifted and put down for amazing artistic effects. I would recommend this show if you're a Beatles fan, or if you're not that into the other more raucous or raunchy shows that are nonetheless a decidedly Vegas staple.
I've heard a lot of good reviews about this CDS, includinga great one from a close co-worker; so I decided WTH, why not? I waited til it went on sale, so I got a pretty good deal for pretty awesome seats.. . I can see why Beattles Lovers would enjoy this show; the music was excellent, and the theatric was incredibly lively. The props and backdrops were amazing. There were so much efforts and thoughts put into this show.. . With all that being said, I gave this show a 3-star because I'm simply just not a musical person. They last thing I would want to sit through is a musical of any sorts. So in that respect, I am bias.
Great music.  There was a lot of dancing and not much acrobatics.  If you like the music, go see this show.  If you want to see more acrobatics then take in another show.
Beautiful theatrics and costumes, great music...... . Man I feel like the outcast giving 3 stars when everyone else is giving 5!  But I have to be honest and this is only my opinion.  This show by all means does not suck, I just don't like it as much as I like the other Cirque shows.. . This is not like your typical cirque show.  I made the mistake of going in expecting to see all the fun bendy and crazy stuff from the other shows I"ve seen - O, Mystere, KA, Kooza, and Zumanity.  Love is mostly dancing, bouncing on trampolines and floating around via bungee cords to Beatles tunes.   Don't get me wrong, I love the  Beatles, and I especially love musicals.  The show started off AWESOME and I thought, ok this is going to be great!  But then they seemed to play more of the slower tunes after and it just seemed to get bland.  Unfortunately, I found myself slightly bored and even fell asleep a couple of times during the bouncing and rain boot stepping.  I'm not the only one either, I caught my fiance and a few other people around me dozing off as well. haha. . There is an act I loved though- the one with Something in The Way she Moves...BEAUTIFUL!.  . This show focuses more on the music, the beauty of the costumes and stage, the visual effects and lights.  They even play conversation clips of the famous quartet.  There's quite a number of symbolism going on here as my friend explained, a lot of acting to complement the songs.  . . There doesn't seem to be a bad seat in the theater since the stage is in the middle with seats surrounding it.  We bought our tickets from the discount tickets booth on the strip (90 - 100 bucks?), so I recommend checking that out first before paying full price at the Mirage, where it's playing.
I saw this show in December 2011.  I was basically forced to see this show, as I was uninterested due to not being a Beatles fan.  I thought that the show was entertaining.  It just wasn't really what I was expecting, it was a lot of dancing to the songs and jumping around.  Fortunately when we got the tickets it was super cheap due to all the proceeds were going to a children's fund which was nice.  Would I see it again? No.  Would I recommend it? Only if you like the beetles.
Good for any Beatles fan but there were way too many things going on for me.
This was my fourth Cirque show, and the only one I don't think deserves five stars.. Let me say, this is a great show, so why the lower review? If you've ever seen a "classic" cirque show, you will understand my reasoning. Love is not a "classic" show.. It is great for what it is, but it is not great compared to what I expect when seeing a cirque show.. My expectations include crazy, amazing human feats and acts of oddity.. Love has a short section of trampolines and rollerblades, other than that is heavy on the dancing and tributes the music (which I guess is the point). "Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds" is the best song/scene in the show, beautiful and stimulating.. I will recommend this show to people who've never seen a Cirque show, but after reading other reviews, I think you can tell that I am not alone in my disappointment.
Not your typical Cirque show.. . I've seen Corteo, Ka, Totem, Kooza, Quidam, and Alegria.. . While this show is more about bringing the Beatles music to life (and amping it up with awesome remixes), this is super sensory overload!  There is so much to look at while everyone is dancing around in amazing costumes and revolving sets that come out of nowhere and everywhere.  Kudos to the mechanical engineers and backstage/understage peeps making it all happen seamlessly.  While it's fun and energetic, I felt a bit overwhelmed at times.. . My favorite bits were the quiet ones where there was a focus on performers and acrobatics (what Cirque is known for)... and didn't lovelovelove everything else.  I wish there was more clowning, too.. . The show seemed short and I wanted more acrobatics.  The show had some serious undertones as well (love in general does have serious moments, I suppose), which weren't "fun" to watch but still lovely.. . The music is amazing!  I love the Beatles and love how they've made the music extra special.  Tip - get the CD with cash from one of the many standalone vendors outside the store rather than fighting the crowds after the show.. . Worth a watch, but I wouldn't see it again.  There is no set story like Ka, and the lack of acrobatic feats was disappointing.  Come for the music, especially if you're a fan of the Beatles.
I know people adore this show, and I feel like a sinner for not being crazy about it too!  Love was good.... but I guess it wasn't everything I hoped it would be. It was entertaining but I didn't find it riveting like I like my Vegas shows to be. It was more of a concert with dancing than a show I felt. It was literally just playing Beatles songs (which sounded awesome) with performers dancing/acting out the songs. I felt like I was at a concert more than anything. I've been to Cirque du Soleil shows before and this one was eh. The costumes weren't as creepy/bizarre/eye catching as I thought, there weren't as many stunts as I expected and they weren't that extensive. The stunts pretty much just consisted of swinging from the ceiling, climbing ropes, roller skating and jumping around.  And I am a Beatles fan, I knew all the songs & was singing along. It was good but I just felt unsatisfied and a little disappointed, I think my reaction was, "That's it? This is what the hype was about?" There were cool parts- like in the beginning when this creepy looking guy with a tea pot was walking around pouring the steam brewing out on people's heads or when a large sheet came down covering everyone and the ending (parts of the show were trippy). Yet, I suppose I was really just hoping for more of an interesting show overall.
The Beatles are my favorite group of all time, so I expected AMAZING! I had already heard the soundtrack a few times, so I was a huge fan of that specifically going in. I loved that George Harrison composed the whole complication and was super stoked to come. In fact, it was the sole reason I came to Vegas after having not been here since I was 11. I am now 34 and knew that The Beatles would be the only thing to make me go there as an adult. It's true, there seemed to be no bad seats and the overall ambiance was pretty cool looking. We sat like 7 seats from the stage. The shows performance did not match the soundtrack, however. It was lacking in many areas and beyond slow for at least 60% of it. The creepy as all get out little Beatles with blank faces was unnecessary and freaky and the Blackbird scene was probably one of the stupidest things I have ever seen. Totally took away from the beautiful song. There was nothing about the show that was worth $127! That is what the person who bought my ticket paid. It was worth about $80 and that;s what I would pay if I ever went again. I would also never sit near the stage again because I do not enjoy massive sheets dragging over my head for 5 minutes, which is what happens if you sit near the first 20 rows or so. If you went in with a hair style, you will leave those rows void of one. . Go for the soundtrack and overall show, but don't pay more than $80. . 5 stars for the soundtrack and 3 for the performances.
Be forewarned this is not  your typical cirque show. Instead of utilixing a lot of acrobats I would guess 3/4 of the cast are trained in modern dance.  My favorite Cirque show for a variety of skill and acrobatics is Mystere.  Ka had more of a story, some acorbatics and a great giant floating stage, Oh involved a lot of water with acrobats diving into the pool. All the shows I mentioned the music was forgettable cirque gibberish.  The music is the star of the Love show and since both my kids like the Beatles it was money well spent. The staging lighting, sound was impressive  and it all correlated to the song.  If you are not a big  Beatles fan I'd stay away.  I can understand why some are disappointed as I too thought it could use more jaw dropping acrobatics.  I kept waiting for some of the performers bouncing around on bungees to do something but they never did.  I was thinkning 'heck I can do that!' From a theatrical and musical experience it was a good show, if you want to see an acorbatic cirque show, I'd skip it.
I've seen most of the Cirque du Soleil shows, both here in Vegas and those that I've seen as they tour.  I love watching the performers showing off their skills.  On my last trip to Vegas, we saw the Beatles LOVE show at the Mirage.  I thought we had great seats, and we enjoyed the music.  I felt this show was filled with lots of dancing and less actual "acts."  The staging was definitely full, as there were images on the wall, people in the air, and people on multiple parts of the stage simultaneously.  It was hard to see everything.  My friend loved that there was so much going on, and he is anxious to see it again.  I guess it just depends on what you're looking for.  There were a few standout moments that I enjoyed.  The phone booth trampoline section was fun, and at one point, our section of the audience was covered with a big white sheet.  I'm curious what the rest of the audience saw while we were under there.  If you are a big Beatles fan, or you can handle senses overload, you should go see this show.  Just note, if you, like me, like to watch the "acts," then this might not be the show for you.
I've seen 5 Cirque du Soleil shows and this one is my least favorite. It wasn't bad, I just expected more wow moments out of a Cirque du Soleil performance. The music was great, maybe it's because I don't know much about the Beatles? The stage and props were impressive and I liked the X Games skating ramps they pulled out. I wouldn't watch this show again, Ka and O were much better.
Husband loved this show more than I did and I think the level of enjoyment is parallel to your love of the Beatles. I think the show should be called Beatles Dance Party. There is minimal classic Cirque. There was amazing staging, great costumes, wonderful audio clips. If you are a Beatles fan this show is for you.
I have seen several Cirque du Soleil shows and this one was different: it was a lot less "circus" and a lot more "show". What I mean is that there was a lot more dancing than acrobatic stunts. This is not particularly a bad thing per-se, even though I always enjoyed the more 'circus' side of the show.. . The choreographies are spectacular, the music is, well, the Beatles (not a huge fan, but I have to admit even their least famous songs are catchy) and the artists do a good job on their stunts as well as dancing.. . As usual, the plot was not very clear and scenes seemed pasted together with an imperfect glue. . However, if you love the Beatles, I am sure you will enjoy it.
I don't usually review shows, but this is something I wish someone had told me before going. . Maybe it's because I saw O the night before, which I love and which is SO FULL of gymnastic/acrobatic talent, but The Beatles LOVE hardly even struck me as a Cirque show. So the show is pretty much great if you worship The Beatles, but not as exciting if you're a big Cirque fan.. . I was sad that there was zero live music - I know it's a Beatles show, but I thought there might be some live accompaniment added. Nope.. . On top of that, the show is very dance-oriented, and there's not much acrobatic stuff going on. There are half or maybe even fewer circus acts as you might find in a more traditional Cirque show. I only remember 3 actual acts. . . I still enjoyed it, and the show truly made me think about some Beatles songs differently than I have before. I particularly loved Something In The Way She Moves and Lucy In The Sky With Diamonds.. . Also, the main clown in this show seemed really cute. I wish I could meet him. Haha.. . All in all, though, I will not be seeing this one again - as a Cirque fan, it's not worth the time/money I could spend seeing O, Mystere, Ka, or (soon) Zarkana.
Really, I would give this show a 3.5 out of 5, instead of just 3.  It's good, not great, but good.  . . For what we paid, we were just expecting a bit more of a lively show, with a lot more Beatles songs to sing along with. They played a handful, maybe 4 Beatles songs you could really sing along with.  They played of the slower psychedelic songs during the Cirque.  It's really a circus-opera set in a round auditorium.  The acrobats are quite talented but the show seemed to droll on at several points.  We found ourselves yawning several times. . . Glad we saw it, we can check Cirque du Soleil off of the list of things to see in Vegas.  I would not go see it again though.  . . We would have had a lot more fun seeing Human Nature again. They have the best show in Vegas period, in my opinion.
Enjoyable show.  Good tribute.  But felt like it went a bit too long.  I've seen many of Cirque's shows over the years and often wind up feeling this way about their shows.  This is not the best Cirque show, but it's much better than some of the others.  I MAY take my mother to it- she LOVES the Beatles- but I'm concerned she'll be disappointed.  Otherwise, I don't intend to go back
yes, i know this is a low review for this show, but i think it will actually help others like myself. i agree with another reviewer completely that this is definitely more of a beatles show than a cirque show. if you are not a huge beatles fan, i think some of the other cirque shows i've seen are much more impressive, especially O. . Although I like the Beatles, I don't think I was able to appreciate the history as much. I was definitely one of the younger folks at the show and I am 35. . Everything was good, just not great for me. Also, i felt like the show lacked focus. You  often don't know where you should be looking because there's so much going on everywhere. but i think that's so all the seats have something to look at.. . all in all, a good show, but I think you need to really appreciate the Beatles for it to be great.
I wasn't sure if I should review this, because I thought it was so-so.  Everyone raves about it.  Everyone else in our Group loved it.  I thought it was weird.  The music was good.  The actors were impressive.  I was falling asleep.  Getting into the theater was a production and the drinks / snack line was super long.   Just not a "show" guy.
: /. . If you're a huge Beatles fan, you will love this show. If you're a huge Cirque du Soleil fan, you will be just a wee bit disappointed.. . This is more of an interpretive visual feast of the Beatles discography cleverly edited together, following the eras of music in England. Don't expect jaw-dropping acrobatics or shocking shows of strength and agility. My fiance and I were feeling VERY frustrated in the first 20 minutes because the show felt more like an off-broadway dance revue with lots of hydraulics and bungee cords, than the usual amazing feats of humanity that we've come to expect of Cirque shows.. . Once we realized that the show was more of an artful, visual performance for the senses, we relaxed, accepted the fact that we wouldn't be seeing any super-human skills, and allowed ourselves to get lost in the visual spectacle.. . But that's all it was: Spectacle. No substance. The show depends so heavily on Beatles music, whereas the choreography is not very imaginative at all. (On the same level of what you'd expect to see during the Macy's Thanksgiving Day parade.) . . I usually leave Cirque shows feeling "elevated" and inspired. But I left this one feeling misled. Don't get me wrong, there were points that were lovely, and parts that were fun, but overall this is not a Cirque show, but a psychedelic 3D jukebox.
I have seen almost all of the Cirque du Soleil shows and this one is nothing special. Gotta love the Beatles but dont expect to see anything you havent seen before.
The show was entertaining, but reallyyy confusing :( I seriously had no idea what was going on... lots of WTF moments.  The music was great, of course, but the storyline was so hard to follow!  If you are a Beatles lover, this is a must-see of course, but if not, I think this is a Cirque show that you can miss.
I love The Beatles and I love Cirque Du Soleil, so why didn't I love this show?  Maybe my expectations were too high after seeing some other Cirque shows and combining The Beatles with that.  But, at least you're guaranteed to hear some good music!. . I felt the show as a whole lacked focus.  The set, lighting, and props were more impressive than the show itself....they were amazing actually!  The show just fell flat for me in terms of story and acts.  The first few songs had way too much going on.  I felt like I was watching the opening ceremony of the London Olympics.  I had no idea what was going on and what I was looking at.  It was a little too chaotic for my taste.. . I also love watching Cirque Du Soleil shows for the unique, jaw dropping acts they have.  They didn't have anything that wowed me in this show.  Lots of dancing and some aerial stunts, but nothing new.  I'll give them mad props for the visual effects though.  The 360 view was well thought out, so there isn't a bad seat.  . . I REALLY wanted to LOVE this show, but I can't say that I did.
Pretty expensive and not terribly original.  I didn't really see a clear theme, other than obviously Beatles music.  As usual talented performers.  But in my opinion not worth the ticket price.  If you really want to go then try half price ticket provider.  I would vote for the Absinthe show if you are up for raunchy.
The Cirque people know how to put on a good show and if you are a Beatles fan you will enjoy this presentation. The music sounds amazing. The cast is energetic and you will have a hard time knowing what to look at because there is just so much to see. There are some very moving moments in the show - I've seen it twice and loved both performances. . . Now let's talk about the problem. The Cirque security team, ushers, bouncers and the like are all poorly-trained, power-hungry, Paul Blart Mall Cop types. Another way to describe them is "thuggish." They were rude to me and my guest both times I went to the show. If you go to the early show they really want to rush you out of there quickly. I was trying to buy gifts in the gift shop when some ape steps in front of me and ropes off the back entrance. He says I have to move on. I asked him if I could simply cross the rope that 10 seconds ago wasn't there. He put his hand in my chest and said no - it was "for my own safety." What he really meant was "This is MY power. This is my chance to pretend I am somebody and I get to tell you what to do." It was silly, unnecessary and downright off-putting. I wasn't drunk (hadn't had one drink,) I was dressed in a suit and tie, I wasn't causing trouble but was run out of there (like anyone else who had the bad luck to be trying to spend money in the gift shop) like I was a deadbeat. I won't be back. Ever. . . If you want to go visit the gift shop, my advice is go before the show. And watch out for the so-called "security." It's easy to spot them - they are the typical wannabe cops that couldn't get a job with Metro so they play Barney Fife at the Cirque show and pretend they are bad-asses. . . If you do go to the early show do some workouts the week before you go. Then prepare to do some wind sprints down the hallway the second the show is over because they WILL run you out of there like it or not - and they won't be polite about it.
My boyfriend will be shocked that I only gave the show three stars (he took me to the show).  Now don't get me wrong, Every time I see a Cirque show I realize my limitations as a sub-average human being with sub-basic intelligence and creativity with a "k".  The set design, creativity and talent on display in any Cirque show are always incredibly beautiful, leaving us to wonder, 'How the hell did they do THAT?'  . . The stage for this show was a basic X design, large "curtains" with projected images of the Beatles members tell a little story, which is sometimes followed up by the performers on stage.. . Unlike a typical Cirque show which will have people floating, flying, hanging and gyrating in mid-air, this show combines the floaty elements with a lot of singing and dancing - in other words, a typical Vegas show.  Except, typically Cirque.  . . For a Vegas show, Cirque certainly delivers.  But if you're looking for a more traditional Cirque du Soleil with death-defying stunts that will leave you cross-eyed, this is not the show for you.  This show is about the music and legend of the Beatles all told in a beautiful and sometimes touching way.  Even if you're not a Beatles fan you'll love the story and the display.  But if you're a die-hard Cirque fan, you might feel a little disappointed.
I don't like the Beatles music so don't kill me. The songs honestly put me to sleep, especially if I'm tired. Some people love the show even if they're not a fan of the Beatles, but it just doesn't apply to me.. . Granted, depending on how many Cirque shows you've seen, your opinion will differ. If it's a first Cirque show, or even their first acrobatics show, this'll probably blow their mind.. . It's just not my thing. Each specific Beatles song has choreography made just for that song so all the action is in relation to the song and how Cirque interprets it. All the music is digitally remastered (or something along those lines - don't remember well from the backstage tour)so no one is singing live, as opposed to some of the other Cirque shows.. . I've watched this a total of 3 times and it's honestly not my thing, but if you're a Beatles fan, I'd recommend it. Heck, if you want this to be your first Cirque show, go for it; you'll enjoy it a lot more than I, someone who's watched all the Cirque shows in Vegas. A lot of people honestly love this show (they've watched like 8+ times).. . AS FAR AS BUYING TICKETS/PRICES:. There are multiple avenues to buying tickets but if you need to switch your seats later or need some sort of accommodation (maybe you need a different day or you have some sort of emergency), then you'll want to buy it directly from the Mirage / MGM Resorts. If you're going to buy it from a third party vendor (kiosks or non-mirage websites), you're out of luck for that for the most part, even if they are cheaper. However, the counter sometimes offers discounts and it doesn't hurt to ask what the discount for the day is. Sign up for the MLIFE players card and you get discounts & points for buying tickets. Military, student, & hotel guests also get discounts. You just have to ask for it. BE NICE to the reps because they're the ones showing & giving you the seats.
The Beatles LOVE by Cirque is a great time, whether you're a fan of the source material or not. I was not overly familiar with Cirque prior to attending the show, but from the very beginning, I was drawn into the spectacle and figuring out how it all worked. However, with all of the outrageous leaping, flying, and group dancing numbers, it was the songs with five or fewer people on stage that really impressed me, especially the heartbreaking "Something.". . Something that I don't appreciate about Vegas shows, or perhaps this is Cirque in general, is that patrons are free to come and go from the auditorium throughout the show, (using the walkway entrance used by performers in the show,) and latecomers were seated throughout the first half of the show. This is just rude to the performers and your fellow audience members.
I wanted to love this more, but I guess I'm not a big enough Beatles fan.  Don't get me wrong, the theatrics are as good as any Cirque show, but I got bored near the end.  I would NOT recommend sitting in the front rows for this show.  The show really comes out from the center of the stage, so it's actually easier to enjoy and take it all in from the idle to back rows (which are also cheaper).  Seriously, I would not say that about Ka or Mystere, but this one I would definitely save my money and sit further back.
I am not a huge Beatles fan but I think if I were I would like this show more.  I just wrote that sentence and then glanced at another 3 star review showing on my screen and that is pretty much exactly what she said to open her review also.  So there ya go.  I liked this show but honestly I got a little bored during it and I thought it lacked the wow moments that I appreciated from Mystere.  Also, I thought I might get trampled on the way out.  That is just a side note though.  If you have a disability or just need more time to exit I suggest hanging back in your seat until the place clears because it's nutty.
I've been waiting over 5 years to see this show. Honestly, it wasn't as good as I thought. I've seen La Nouba and I've seen Mystere and I desired for more of the circus acts than anything. Love just seemed to be more dancing than anything else. We were kind of disappointed and also in the way that the stage was set up, it was sensory overload and not in a good way. I just felt like there was way too much going on at one time. Granted there were many parts that we liked, but with a show of this magnitude, it's easier to focus if you have a regular theatre set up. There were also some parts that I just didn't get. I don't think that this show will be something that we see again, but I'm at least glad that we saw it.
I came into this show with pretty high expectations after seeing Mystere, O, Elvis, Chris Angel, and KA twice (yes, thats how much I loved KA). But I have to say, I must have set my expectations a little too high. . . There were parts of the show I did like, but much more that I did not like. I like the music,  I was expecting more stunts and acrobatic acts since its by Cirque. But what I saw was more dancing and the characters parading across stage. The costumes were definitely very creative. The show also incorporated alot of old England culture and highlighted some of its darkness. I couldnt appreciate that aspect because I dont find anything dark entertaining in Vegas.. . Anyway, the show is OKAY. Definitely better than the Chris Angel show. . Heres a little advice - its a small stage. Any seat is good. We sat in the mid row for around 90 bucks. Had we known the stage was that size, we would have gotten the farther tickets and save some money.
I will preface this review by saying that I am a Vegas local and have seen pretty much all the other Cirque shows, so this show didn't really shine as much in comparison. Also, I'm familiar with some Beatles songs, but by no means am I an avid fan so I might not be as excited about this show as some other fans might be. . I guess the reason why I like this show less than the others is because there are a lot less of the Circus elements which I really love. There was more dancing than acrobatics so it was overall less exciting for me. . Some pros: The theater layout is great, and it is a little smaller than the others so it seems like you have a front row seat and you're right up in the action. Also, the show is well thought out and they did use a lot of the more well known Beatles songs so like me, if you're not a die hard fan, at least you can recognize some of the tunes.
Let see, I have watched pretty much all Cirque Du Soleil shows in Vegas except for the new Michael Jackson.  I have to be upfront though, I am not a Beatles fan.  I do listen to their music from time to time but never own a CD.  But I love Cirque shows so I decided to watch this one.. . There are a lot more musics than "acrobat" in this show.  There's not much of a Oh Ah moments at all.  I guess if you are a Beatles fan, than you will enjoy this much more.. . But right now, O and Ka are the top two in Vegas for me.
I guess I'm not really a Beatles' fan, so it was difficult for me to fully appreciate their show.  Don't get me wrong, I like their songs (at least the popular ones I know from watching Glee, haha) but since the theme of this show seemed to be their journey as a band, it was difficult for me to understand.. . I don't know much history about the Beatles, so I didn't really know what was going on during the little numbers that were performed throughout the show, but it apparently is supposed to reflect on their journey together as a band, all of which was completely foreign to me.  I think I was expecting more of a general storyline like the Ka performance I saw earlier in the weekend, rather than individual skits to songs that didn't seem to connect cohesively together as a story.. . The numbers were mostly dancing numbers with minimal aerial tricks.  I wasn't wowed by the performance as I was at Ka Cirque du Soleil performance.. . The cool thing about this show was the stage.  Chairs completely surrounded 360 degrees of the stage in a tiered fashion so that every seat was a good seat.  Me and my BF were able to acquire seats that were closer (aka lower) to the stage, yet not too close (low) where you have to look up to see the performance.. . Bottom line: Probably something you'd want to see as a Beatles'fan, but if you're looking to see more aerial tricks, I'd suggest seeing something else.
I am a huge Beatles fan, and I loved watching the music come to life.  Sadly, I was a little disappointed by the lack of grand acrobatics that Cirque du Soleil is known for.  There also wasn't a cohesive story that bonded all the vignettes together like in "Iris," and I found myself searching for meaning where there was none.. . I enjoyed the show and certain acts took my breath away (I might've teared a bit at "Something") but overall, not the best I've seen from Cirque du Soleil.
Should be retitled "All You Need is Weed."   I found it boring and fell asleep three times.
I'm going to start this off with the disclaimer that I'm not of the camp that believes that The Beatles are the greatest band to ever grace the face of the earth (The Ventures were doing FX work long before they were and their invasion of "Can't Buy Me Love" wiped out the rad age of surf rock. Origins of a concept album...okay I'll cede that to them, even though if you want to get technical about it every opera can be considered a concept album. But whatever.) What was I doing...oh yeah, writing a review. . . Being an avid Cirque-goer, I'm going to borrow from someone else's review to say that I was underwhelmed by the acrobatics. The sets and costumes were cool as always, although sometimes very cluttered and confused-looking. But there were very few noteworthy acts--the only two I remembered liking were the guys on skates and the dude trampolining around (I think during USSR?). And I was pissed at the lameness of "Come Together." If you are traversing long stretches of stage on foot in a Cirque show, you damn well had better be doing it via flips or cartwheels. DAFUQ? The choreography was meh. If they're going in the hip-hop direction they need to amp up their routines. Where's Mia Michaels when you need her?. . It helps if you go into this without thinking of it as a cirque show, and instead as a multi-sensory Beatles concert sans the Fab Four. It's not like it was awful, but I left thinking I could've been at a Mystere show (two for the price of Love). My mom (the Beatles fan in the family) wasn't too impressed either (then again, she's not impressed by a lot of things...). . . I will give them credit though: I found out I don't dislike the Beatles as much as I do. And the dancified remixes of some of the songs sound pretty awesome (Glass Onion comes to mind).. . PS: LOVE THAT RAINBOW WALKWAY!
I guess I expected a lot from Cirque being as this was my first show to see in Vegas. Beatles LOVE just did not have the WOW factor that I would have imagined. Nothing was over the top as far as acrobatics went. The show was more choreographed on theground to the beats of Beatles music. I think O may have been more of my cup of tea.. . TIP:. I would sit a little bit higher up just to view everything on stage. People expect closer seats to be amazing, but your viewing angles are bad and not worth the price you pay IMO.
to me another show with the "cirque" stamp to make you pay the "cirque" price.. the show was fun and intresting and at times mind bending but the one thing i had an issue with was that there was SOOO much going on at times you felt like you were missing out. also there wasnt many acrobatics in the show more like coreography to the beatles music itself. all in all i did enjoy it and its worth a watch especially if you like the beatles...but if you want to be completly "WOW'd" by the vegas cirque XP, try out KA or O. :)
This show was fine. I am beginning to think that there are just too many Cirque shows in LV. I was hoping for more from this show. It was mildly entertaining. I wouldn't recommend it unless you were able to get discount tix. The parachute they role over the crowd was pretty fun and the dudes on roller blades were pretty awesome.
I was a little disappointed in Love because all I'd heard were rave reviews from friends & family.  Guess my expectations were a little high.  I'm a huge fan of Cirque du Soleil and have seen both Mystere and "O" twice.  Those have been my two favorite shows.. . Seems like the musical shows are sub par compared to the high bar that CDS has set for itself.  I was also underwhelmed by Elvis three years ago.  That show is now closed.  While Vegas was packed two weekends ago during the I Heart Radio festival weekend the Love theatre was only about 2/3rds full during the late show.  I purchased my tickets that morning.  . . I wouldn't attend Love unless you can get discounted, or 2 for 1 tickets.  I paid $180 for 2 and if I had paid full retail I would have been pissed.
If I had known it was a musical and not an acrobatic show I wouldn't have paid for the fancy tickets. 250$ was way too much for this show.. Don't get me wrong, the production, sound, costumes, and dancing was all great. Love the Beatles, and the little story lines that went along with all the songs were really fun. (But WHY NO HELTER SKELTER???) However, I was expecting to be blown away by first-class acrobatic acts, as I have been by all the other Cirque shows I have seen. . I would watch it again, but would get the cheapest seats available.
it was good, but I wouldn't be back.  great seating (front row balcony)...as we could see everything going on.  90 minutes in length.  $91 a ticket (20% online discount), so I didn't feel ripped off, as that's a good deal for what you get.  show was very colorful and entertaining.  "remixed" Beatles tunes throughout.  so much going on, that you would need to see it a second time to appreciate everything.  performers were great (as usual at a Cirque show), but maybe seemed a bit off (overall).
This was my first and only Cirque du Soleil show and I was not very impressed. I have literally dreamed about seeing Cirque du Soleil for years, but living in Iowa, never had the opportunity to do so. Maybe I had Cirque du Soleil built up in my mind, but I was expecting more acrobatics, contortionists, trapeze artists, etc.  . . Although the music was familiar and the acts entertaining, it just wasn't what I was expecting out of the infamous Cirque du Soleil! It was still a good show, don't get me wrong - but I think maybe people just gravitate towards what they are familiar with? I would have much rather seen a more talent oriented show rather than a music oriented on like the Beatles LOVE. . . I will definitely give Cirque du Soleil another chance in the future to impress me - hopefully one of their other shows will be more exciting!. . Also - this was the most expensive Cirque show - if it is your first Cirque show, I would suggest going to one of the less expensive ones!!!
