Two words: HAPPY HOUR. In Vegas, what's the cure for a long night of drinking and clubbing? Greasy delicious and cheap foods! I stayed at the Mirage where this place was located and after two nights in a row of clubbing and heavy drinking my friends and I stopped her both days to catch their half off happy hour foods. . . First off, the staff was friendly and really accommodating especially for some of my friends that couldn't handle their alcohol as well and got the 7 of us seated within a few minutes with waters already poured and placed around the table. For less $30 both nights we got a really large spread, one order of nachos, two boneless wings, two brisket sliders and one order of fries, all for under $30! And yes, enough to feed all 7 of us. . . Late night happy hour goes from 11pm to ~3am and there's other options such as fried pickles and popcorn shrimp, but I would have to say that the brisket sliders were really tender and filling and went really well as a cure alcohol in our systems. The fries were covered in this ranch/bbq mix sauce that could've tasted more amazing because most of us were inebriated, but I'm they simply were just that flavorful! The wings were alright, nothing too special as they were like hard chicken nuggets that were simply over bbq sauced. . . Overall a great place to stop by for a post clubbing snack, especially for the cheap prices! However, the only downside is that after we got our check and paid we were ignored; something I felt was a little unprofessional; my friends and I were buzzing still, but we weren't obnoxious to the point where you'd ignore our requests for water and even the possibility to order more food. So, sorry, but that explains why I had good things to say about the food, but service is also an important factor in the restaurant business that I feel they shouldn't have ignored especially in a place like Las Vegas.
I wanted to try one of their specialty burgers but it wasn't worth the price, so I went with the Classic burger combo deal for $20. We also ordered their spicy buffalo wings which was perfectly, lightly crisped. . . I felt a little silly at this fancy-burger place...let's not forget what an American-burger is. (It's fast food, I see right through you BLT Burger!) The service was a bit slow and the place was packed, there should be a bigger staff running around. Overall, I had a decent lunch and was stuffed!
Salmon burger? Yum. Falafel burger? Disappointed. A little on the dry side. Fries? Yum again. Moz sticks? Love them.
After spending an ungodly amount of time in the Cirque LOVE gift store, the boyfriend and I needed a quick bite to eat before heading back to our room and quickly chose BLT Burger when we saw they had a veg option, a Falafel burger! . . The only reaction I can really give to this place is... "meh." This is my personal reaction, as my boyfriend got something he enjoyed, an egg "mcmuffin" kind of sandwich with hash browns, but even this, and all the side dishes, were super pricey for such a laid back place. I guess they can get away with this because its in the Mirage and its Vegas, but nothing about this place ever really clicked for me. Service was poor, we had to flag down our server for everything and the place wasn't even slightly busy. Music was in-saaaaaaanely loud and I had to lurch over the table to have a conversation.. . The Falafel burger was massive, a little dry, but had a topping of veggies and hummus to make it a little tolerable. I  also ordered a side of sweet potato fries which were good but not worth 5 bucks. My favorite part was the BBQ sauce I asked for which we ended up swooping up in our take-home bag. . . I regret not trying a shake but we had just had some at In-N-Out earlier, and didn't want to over do it!
Mocha Mudslide milkshake at 3am, nothing better!  Was the perfect touch to topping off our night and I am still thinking about how good the stupid shake was!!  Words can't describe how good it tasted after some hours of tooling around the town.  Was it really that amazing or were my senses amplified after having a few?! Hard to tell but I since this shake is still on my brain days later it must have been pretty solid!. . Sidebar note -- I was lenient to try this place after reading the reviews, so we decided on Burger Bar at the Mandalay Bay instead, but happened on this place 12+ hours later after a late night out on the town.  Husband got the burger and it was pretty solid!  Not as bad as some of the reviews were reporting. Recommend.  And get the milkshake.
Great after-the-club burgers.  I can't remember much else.
Can I get fries with that shake? Yeah forget the fries and go right to the shake! Trust me! So yummy and huge. The shakes are big enough to share especially if you are trying to fit into a tight dress to go out in Vegas at night. But still do it! The burgers are good. They aren't spectacular they are good. They do have the choice of sweet potato fries which is always a good thing. The service wasn't anything to brag about. The servers seemed to be busy reading their own shirts. Overall the pricing was Vegasish nothing to expensive for my taste. If nothing else go get wasted and order a shake.
It's a nice place to sit and eat, especially if you're staying at the Mirage. I had a turkey burger which was full of flavor and pretty thick! Their fried pickles were okay, but a little on the salty side. They were battered instead of breaded which was kinda cool, but I kept dipping in the sauce to cut the salty taste. Their fries looked good but maaaybe left in the oil a little too long. HOWEVER, they do have spiked milkshakes, which you don't come across at every diner. And they were pretty good too.
Decent place for a burger, definitely get high traffic  as its located in the middle of the Mirage. The wait here was only about 15 minutes or so during an early dinner rush. We were easily able to add an additional 3 to our initial 8 which was definitely a plus on the service and seating category. The decor is definitely cool to look at as well as the passing eye candy ;) . . Tried BBQ Nachos which were only ok...a little soggy and poorly constructed. The side salad was a bit sad, and finished with Bleu Shaffer Burger  (Balsamic caramelized onions, mushrooms, bleu cheese) + Bacon (No brainer of course) and sweet potato fries. . . The burger itself was only OK, it is served medium unless requested otherwise but lacked any lettuce or tomato which would have been nice. The bun was a bit mushy and the burger itself was like Fuddruckers but not as large or juicy. The fries were definitely were better, fluffy on the inside with a bold sweetness and crispy on the outside without being over greasy. The meal came with a pickle spear that was just awful. The pickled lacked any flavor of brine and was mushy and room temperature; seriously who wants a limp pickle! lol . . Anyhow, the downsides are that the food is relatively expensive for the amount of food your getting ($25 for burger, fries, tax, tip), and the waitress got our order wrong. But hey, its Vegas and busy, so things could have definitely been worse. I might stop by again next time I'm in Vegas, then again I might not...
As much as I love dining at BLT Steak DC, I had to try BLT Burger in Vegas. A little disappointed. The meat and toppings were real tasty despite an average supermarket quality bun. The skinny fries were just average too.
Came here on a Monday night for dinner. Prices seemed reasonable compared to the shi-shi restaurants around it. I ordered a cider and a falafel burger.  It was a little dry but overall it was good. Sucks that a $12 burger doesn't come with fries.  My friend got the buffalo chicken burger and a beer. Overall it was good.  Looked over at the other table with sweet potato fries, onion rings and shoe string fries. Couldn't really justify paying an extra five bucks for something that  normally comes with a burger.
Since we were staying at the Mirage, before going out, my girlfriends and I got a quick bite from BLT. My friends got the Kobe Slider trio and those were soo adorable and smelled really good. Now I didn't try a burger (I don't eat meat) but I did try Waffle Bites. I loved those; lots of seasoning, melted cheese and sour cream and jalapeno (it came with bacon which I just picked off). All the ingredients complemented each other really well and I couldn't stop eating them... all seven or eight of them.. . ... Yes, seven standard sized waffle fries for like $7. EH. I was kind of expecting to get a plate full of them LOL When they brought it out, I was like "womp womp womp waaah!" If I had known thats what the order was, I would've just ran across the street to Denny's and gotten double that for the price. I must say that even though there weren't that many fries, each one was ridiculously good.. . Thumbs up for taste and service but thumbs down for the portions they serve.. . FYI: The floor is slippery (it looked like sealed cork) so be careful, especially if you're an idiot on heels like I am; I was surprised I didn't fall HAHAHA
my trip to vegas was a slew of different burgers. . . came here after having visited i love burgers at the palazzo. . . blt burger is alright in my book. the menu seemed to have some appealing options, but none i could decide on. i debated between the lamb burger and falafel burger. the lamb burger came with olives and cucumbers, and not being a fan of either, decided i should just go for the falafel. . . not to mention our waitress was pretty unhelpful at making suggestions. when both me and my friend asked her for her recommendation she would just say, "it just depends on what you like!" well, of course it does, i guess, but we're asking for at least a half-assed fake, "most people order this" at the very least. meh. . . the falafel burger, sure enough came with a very large falafel patty which i couldn't finish at all. it is HELLA falafel, is all i'm saying. it's a good falafel, but LOTS of falafel. almost an overdose of falafel. i enjoyed it, but wished the patty might have been thinner or something... hm. perhaps that's just me.. . also ordered the sweet potato fries, which were as good as any sweet potato fries in my book. if i were to go back in time i might want to try the waffle fries, just because i haven't had waffle fries in a long time. . . blt burger was fine. i don't think it's a must-have in vegas, but if in a crunch or if in the mirage then it's also not a bad option.
It's my own fault, I suppose. I should have ordered something besides the Classic Combo with a Black and White milkshake. For $20, I definitely wasn't expecting  a scrawny little burger, and a sprinkling of fries. . . The milkshake and the phenomenal service were the saving graces. . . So, if you want a standard burger, I suggest In-N-Out. Seriously.
Be aware, I was pretty drunk and stumbled in here for a cupcake after trying to see what the hell I could eat. So my memory might have been altered a little.. . I do remember getting a cupcake, actually it was two for one. I am not sure why the server gave us two but no complaints here! I split the S'more cupcake with my girlfriend which was made of peanut butter frosting, toasted marshmallow and fudge. It was nicely decorated and yummy but didn't make me all that thrilled about it. I've had better. . . Maybe it's because my taste buds were filled prior with beer, slushi margarita, and hard liquor? From now on I will NOT be drinking beer then eat a cupcake. So as I said, don't take my review for granted. If I decide to go back here, I will not be (as) drunk.
Burgers were decent but it took forever for our food to arrive and then came to find that half of the parties food was cold. We sent it back and it took 20 more minutes for the food to come back. The waiter was awful. He didn't really check on us and when he came to fill all our empty glasses of water, only filled 3 of the 8 of us and walked away.
Good....not great. . . Overall OK food but rather average for the price. Buffalo chicken burger was good, but not $12 good when it doesn't come with anything on the side. Also, my chicken burger was skimpy on the toppings. Sweet potato fries on the other hand were quite delish! They were enough to share between two people. I didn't get a chance to try the milkshakes but they looked amazing. . . The service was slow. The place crowded consistently. I'd come back but would probably be inclined to try something different.
The food was 3.5 stars and the service was more like 2.5 so averaging to a 3 star experience.. . My wife had heard great things about BLT and so we decided to check it out for lunch.  We had a decent breakfast so we didn't want to over do it so we just got appetizers and milkshakes.  I got the kids meal chicken fingers (because they do not offer chicken fingers in the appetizers section of the menu) and I also got a small orange creamsicle shake (for $3 as part of the kids menu)  My wife got the waffle nachos however the waiter brought out fried pickles in stead.  So he left the fried prickles for us and brought out the nachos.  The fried pickles were really good but it was a small basket for like $9 (I would have been upset of I actually ordered it and saw how small of a portion  you get).  . . The waffle nachos were really good.  It was a waffle fry with melted cheese, sour cream, bacon and green onion.  It was just like a loaded potato skin but with a waffle fry.  My chicken fingers were not great and it was not bad either.  My wife got the campfire milk shake and that was pretty good.  I don't know I would order it again but it was pretty tasty.. . Over ok experience however service was slow.
Took the kids to the Mirage to see the White Tigers and stopped for lunch. Food was pricey ( well it is on the Strip) but wasn't fantastic.. I had a Peach schnapps Shake and that was A-OK but everything else was just so so.
I've tried this place before and remembered enjoying it, although it was quite a long time ago and under different circumstances.... . I tried "the stripper" burger, which was a burger with red peppers, onions, avocado, and did not contain a bun ($12).  Want a bun? add 1.50 please.. . My friend tried the wagyu burger, which he said he could taste a slight difference in the quality of the meat, but his overall conclusion was that he had just paid $17 for a hamburger.. . The waitress that we had took people's orders, asked if they wanted bacon or whatever addons, but be careful, since these add-ons each run about $1.50 (I believe they have fried eggs, bacon, avocado, etc. available) on top of the $12-$17 dollar burger that you're purchasing.. . Their milkshakes are pretty good and run about $7 each, and their spiked milkshakes run about $12.. . Garlic Fries: $6.50 and although the portions seem a bit small, it is easily enough for two people to split. . . Tried the smore cupcake and was thoroughly underwhelmed. $5 for a cupcake that tasted like it came straight from a package at the grocery store? no thanks.. . Overall, the food was decent but I wouldn't say it justified the prices. Maybe this is "just how food is" in vegas, but there are plenty of other alternatives around!
Good burgers. Lots of different shakes and burgers. Burped it all though.
The burgers here are way overpriced and the milkshakes are awesome, but also overpriced. I had the marshmallow campfire milkshake here two years ago, but tried it again and was shocked. When I first had it, they were generous with their marshmallows, but over the labor day weekend, they only gave me one roasted marshmallow on top of my 7 dollar milkshake. EVERYTHING here is overpriced, but to be fair they do taste good.
If your looking to get a burger at the Mirage then this might be the place. Don't expect the best burger you have ever had. I got the BLT burger and there was nothing special about it. The fries were good but not great. I don't plan on returning for another burger but it was nice to stop in and try it out.
Went here on a mission for fried pickles and was not disappointed. However, after drinks (the adult milkshakes are awesome), burgers and fries, the bill was far more than I expected for burgers and fries. I would definitely go again and double up on the fried pickles and get Subway or something after. If you're a fan of larger than life fork and knife type burgers, don't miss out, otherwise, I'd move on....
This review will be short and simple. The burgers here are decent. I've been here a couple times for the burgers and a couple times for the shakes, both spiked and regular. I think the burgers are a bit pricey but you're also paying to eat in a trendy burger place in a trendy hotel on the Vegas strip. The burgers aren't bad at all. They're good. I just think they should be better for the price. The thing that stands out here for me are the shakes. They're excellent. I'd say they're the best I've ever had. The spiked ones seem pricey, but are actually on par with other places that have spiked shakes. The sad part is I didn't get a buzz off of one. I'd stick with the non spiked version since they're cheaper. I'll definitely be back again just for the shakes.
Vegetable salad with grilled chicken was very good, fresh and tasty!  Our server kept getting confused who ordered what.  Not too many healthy choices, but the greasy choices looked awfully good.
Decent burger, decent prices but they are going to have to elevate to compete with the burger joint movement that's hit Vegas. First time I've had deep fried pickles and they were awesome...best part of the meal. Had The Shaft, which was tasty enough, but nothing memorable.  Good quality beef, but the bun was dry. Never a good thing on a burger. Chili was actually very good...just needs to be hot when served.  Great potential, but hasn't hit the mark.
My travels take me to Vegas once per year...and I am usually staying at the Mirage...so I always take one night and have a burger at BLT Burger.  I will continue to do this in the future, but, this year was a bit disappointing.. . My order has always been the same, but this year I changed one item...I will go back to my old ways!  My order is always the BLT Burger with waffle fries and a Black and White Milkshake.  This year, I decided to go with the "skinny fries.". . The BLT burger consists of a 7 oz (I think) good beef burger with Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, Onion and something they call their Burger Sauce (kind of like a Thousand Island).  I always ask that they put American Cheese on it.  Well, this year, they forgot the American Cheese, so I had to send it back and get that added.  They also allowed the bun to get soggy, so I had to send it back AGAIN to get the bun right.  After the corrections, the burger was outstanding, as usual.. . The skinny fries...well, let's just say that you should go for the waffle fries OR the sweet potato fries...the skinny fries tasted like they came from a bag of frozen fries.  While I often have this type of french fries and do not complain, I am not paying BLT Burger prices for them.  Back they went...and bring on my waffle fries.. . The Black and White Shake?  What can I say...I rarely allow myself the luxury of a milkshake...but...this one...always...and it was as good as it has ever been!. . Service is quite good...and they were very good about making "repairs" to my order...but...no one offered any type of reparation for my troubles...another troubling factor.. . Now...in years past...and I have done this for 5 years now...none of these issues have ever occurred...was it an off night?  Who knows, maybe I will go back tomorrow night and try again!  But...I give them 3 stars because of the issues...in the past, they would have received 4-5 stars!. . While this seems negative...overall, I am quite happy at BLT Burger...so try it!
After spending the afternoon in the Dolphin Habitat at the Mirage, we decided to stop for a bite at the BLT. Decent atmosphere, very trendy. We were promptly seated by a polite hostess and the waiter was right over.. . Will, our waiter was very pleasant, had good knowledge of the menu and was always ready with refills. . . The prices were a bit much for the amount you received on your plate but it is Vegas after all. It's not the place of 5.99 steak dinners anymore.. . I ordered brisket mac n cheese. I would not recommend it, nor would I order it again (it was on the happy hour specials list for the day). BBQ brisket and mac n cheese, though good separate, did not combine well in the same dish. It was served tandoori style.I love the baked in taste but again it just didn't go down so well. I was not going to complain though since I wasn't paying the bill this round. Again it was just OK.. . The Twinkie shake I had on the other hand, I could have as a meal replacement any day of the week. So rich but oh so delightful. . . The hubby had wings spicy but not hot, but he said they were very tasty. . . My mother in law had the Turkey burger and we all split a pitcher of beer. . . It wasn't fancy, it was decent. I would order something else next time for sure, should we decide to visit there again. . . 5 stars for service if I could give just 5 for that alone, but the meal experience left me with something to be desired. Skip the mac n cheese brisket.
The Good:  Another upscale burger joint?  Yep, but they have other choice besides beef, like lamb, chicken, fish, and veggie. Since I had a killer burger at SmashBurger I went with the Buffalo Chicken - Fried Chicken, Red Hot Sauce, Avocado, Chopped Lettuce, Maytag Blue, Buttermilk Dressing.  Along with a order of Sweet Potato Fries, Chili Spice Seasoning.. . The Bad:  Pretty pricey for a burger meal that I don't think delivers.  Only certain burgers can be combo'd.  I'm not sure why, when some of the burgers are the same price as the ones that qualify for it.  The combos are a burger, fries and a drink for I believe $21 or a milkshake for $23.  Save the money, go to Smashburger, get better food for half the price.. . The Ben:  I don't think the food was worth the price.  I think that Smashburger has ruined my burger taste buds for awhile.
Eh.. . I think I had higher expectations for this place. You would think that a restaurant that serves booze milkshakes would get 5 stars right off the bat, right? Wrong.. . Well, I came here during the week in the early afternoon. There was no issue finding seating at the bar. . . I ordered the Shaft's Blue burger (blue cheese, caramelized onions, mushrooms) and the Night Rider boozeshake (Kahlua, chocolate liqueur, Oreo cookies, chocolate ice cream). For dessert, the "krispy kreme" doughnut bread pudding with rum raisin ice cream. . . The burger was good. Not great, but good. The booze shake was good too. Definitely got a little buzzed from it. The krispy kreme bread pudding was DISGUSTING. It was just sugary and gross. I'm surprised I didn't get diabetes after eating a few spoonfuls of it. . . Overall, can't say I was impressed with this place. I would pass.
By the time our plane got into Vegas, it was already after midnight and we were exhausted so we headed downstairs and the only place open was BLT Burger. I had the salmon burger with lettuce, tomato, avocado, and dill sauce. The salmon was cooked perfectly and the dill sauce balanced out the tangy spices of the salmon. We also had ordered the "Fat Fries" (thought it was gonna be like steak fries but it was potato wedges) and the onion rings, which had too much batter. Overall, it was an average meal for a pretty extravagant price and it didn't make my "MUST GO WHEN IN VEGAS" list.. . The only reason why this place doesn't get one more star is because the customer service was pretty horrible. Upon arriving, the manager (?) and the hostess were having a conversation that seemed more interesting than seating customers then, there was only one waiter working so we only saw him about twice in the meal (once to bring drinks/take the order and once to bring the food). . . Ohh BLT Burger, with a name like that, I had high expectations for you.
Went in with three friends. Had solid burgers, but they weren't out of this world worth that ticket price kind of burger. For high end burgers, Burger Bar at Mandalay Bay is worth trying. I will review that one soon.. . My friend and I ordered Draft root beers and ended up getting bottled IBC root beers. Not cool... not even a warning.. . Food came out with picks stabbed into them saying "M" for Medium and "MR" for Medium Rare.. . To the food.... . Shaft's Blue Burger: blue cheese, mushrooms, grilled onions, soft brioche bread, very yummy and filling. . BLT Burger: Bacon, Lettuce, and Tomato... on a burger, soft brioche bread, also filling. . Waffle Fries: Very yummy, crispy, but came luke-warm . . Mac & Cheese: Chili mac 'n cheese, topped with bread crumbs and baked until the top was crisp and golden. . Service was okay. Food was four stars. Ambience was okay. I was disappointed in getting different root beers than expected. I didn't complain because I don't do such things, but the bottles were also already opened so I didn't want them to go to waste. . . Sigh... I might come back to try some other things from their menu. BTW, BLT stands for Bistro Laurent Tourendel.
So, after taking visitors to the Secret Garden and Dolphin Exhibit, the kids wanted burgers and this is convenient.  These aren't the best burgers to be had on the Strip, but they are good enough if you get caught in The Mirage hungry.  . I kind of hate the trend of burger places that don't include fries with your burger, but OK, prices are high on the Strip, so I will pay the $5 for fries to go with my $13 burger.  The fries weren't that great and the bun was a little dry, but the meat in the burger and the toppings were nice.  Service was also quite good.  . Funny though, for a place called BLT Burger, the kids menu had a few options, but none of which were burgers.
I have to admit, I was fairly disappointed in BLT Burger. I had been really looking forward to checking it out since The Mirage on Facebook had started posting the weekly specials which looked amazing. However, when I went recently the special was a tuna melt and there wasn't even a special dessert or shake.. . Besides the lack of special items, the food we got was only "ok". The waffle fries and the onion buns were really good, I admit. But the turkey burger was fairly dry and not too flavorful. Yes, I know that is the nature of turkey but it is possible to remedy that with certain techniques. On top of that, I had avocado added to it and it didn't take too long to realize that 4 slices were completely black and rotten tasting. Their apology? They took the $1.50 charge for the avocados off the bill.... . Oh well, that's what happens when you look forward to something too much, I guess!
As many have said, expectations were high but BLT did not deliver. Starters of Jalepeno Poppers & Chicken Wings were the highlight. As we head downhill, the burgers are bland, nothing special. The BLT burger had ingredients not listed in the description (pickles & onions), the blue cheese burger was tasty, but we weren't informed that they were out of wheat buns until it arrived at our table, and finally, the fries were soggy & limp. Oh, and finally again, the shakes need more flavor & more ice cream. On the brighter side, the service was attentive & the water was cold.
A good place to stop for a quick lunch but the food wasn't the best.
This place is pretty expensive but we were starving and there was no wait. We had the Berry Me milkshake, waffle bites, chili bowl, and the BBQ nachos. We liked our food but it's not a place I would get a craving for. It's ok if we're there again.
This was the only place open for lunch this early besides Carnegie.  It was ok, nothing special, should have waited longer for other places to open.  The highlight was the milkshake, not the burger.
We stopped here before seeing a show at the Mirage. . I thought the food was good, but the same stuff you can get at most burger places. I had the buffalo chicken burger, which was great because they somehow make the buffalo sauce part of the chicken's breading, so it wasn't very messy to eat as these burgers normally are, but it tasted just like you would expect. I also got the sweet potato fries with mine and they were the standard fries you can get at any other restaurant. My husband got the BLT burger and loved it. Very thick cut bacon and cooked exactly as he ordered (medium rare), he also got the waffle fries and both of us agreed that they are the better of the two sides we tried.. The atmosphere was also nice, we sat right on the edge, so we had a great view for people watching, and in Vegas that is always a treat.
Surprisingly, it was one of very few things open when I went out looking for food. The service was good. Food was OK.
We ate here on the first day we were in Vegas. My husband had a burger which was good and I had chicken wings that were a bit over cooked and the french fries taste like Burger King fries. We were only there that one time  because it was a bit over priced for what we got.
solid a-ok. . . it was a pricey but OK burger. the fries,however, were gross. i don't get why people keep talking about them. next time i'll just get the burger and a drink. no need for the fries anyway bc the burger is a really good size. i ordered mine medium but it came out well done. it wasn't burnt otherwise i probably would have been ticked off. . . the wait wasn't long and they were quick so it was the perfect place for me to grab a bite in between client meetings.
Cowboy burger and sweet potato fries tasty, but not really outstanding. Service somewhat slow. Too much noise. . . Prices rather ridiculous. Burger $12. Fries $5. Soft drink $3.50. Over $25 with tip. All food in Mirage way over-priced.
Decently line, thought I would try it.  Good burger, nothing specactular.  Fries are...well, fries.  And the....whats this?  Makers Mark Milkshake?. Oh, thats good.. Oh, thats really good.. $12 for a Makers Mark Milkshake?  . (thinking). OK, yea.  I'll have another.
My bff's and I came to this place for lunch while in Vegas for 24 hours!  The menu is actually small but has a lot of things on it.  We started off the an order of fried pickles, which were AMAZING!!!  I think they should start offering fried pickles as a side order instead of fries!  I ordered a burger and fries, one of my friends ordered the turkey burger and another ordered a salad.  My burger was pretty good.  The fries were cold and it felt like they had been left out to sit for a long time.  The service was pretty hit and miss too.  My friend asked for a side order of sauce and never got it.  Our waitress came back to drop off our check and never asked if we wanted any of their milkshakes that they are known for, my friend had to ask himself for one.
Went here for Thanksgiving dinner. The service was excellent. A couple of our burgers were severely undercooked. Nothing special but I would go back as nothing horrible either!
So after my boyfriend couldn't figure out what he wanted to eat and we walked through the Fashion Show Mall and TI, he finally decided to try BLT burger. All I wanted was a salad, so I got the veggie salad. It was gorgeous looking and tasted pretty good. I loved the chunks of avacado on it, very yummy. My boyfriend got the BBQ Briskey burger with no colesslaw and a side of waffle fries. I stole a fry or two and they were okay, and he thought the burger was decent, but not the best thing ever. Overall it was pretty good, but rather pricey. The table behind us was raving and excited about the shakes, but they also seemed drunk so I'm not sure how good they actually are.
If you're looking for a casual place to eat at the Mirage that's not a buffet, this place is pretty decent.  My husband liked his burger, and I had a pretty hearty salad and waffle fries.  Next time I think I'll try the spiked milk shake.
I've been coming here the last few times when I've visited Las Vegas. It has become one of my favorite places to grab a burger. It is very easy to get to if you're walking by the The Mirage. Just a few feet away from the main doors.. . When there is time, we sit down and eat. But most of the time we just take it to-go! Just give them about 15 min. Everything is made fresh!. . The Turkey Burger is soo good and moist. The Cowboy Burger was okay for my taste.. . The milkshakes look crazy huge when I see them deliver to other tables, I will try it next time!. . Great big burgers. Good location. Friendly and great service.
BLT cooks their burgers MEDIUM unless otherwise requested.  If your server still asks how you want it cooked don't let this fool you stick with Medium you will not regret it.  If you really love crispy onion rings them order them here.
One of the reasons why I wanted to come here was not because of the burgers, but because of their milkshakes. There were a lot of different types of milkshakes to choose from, but out of all I decided to try one of their spiked night rider that had Kahlua and chocolate liqueur. As for the meal I ordered their bbq nachos because they sound good. . .    The milkshake was great! it came in a tall glass topped with whipped cream and some malted chocolate balls. It was extremely heavy, a little too sweet, but could have added a little bit more chocolate. Since it was heavy I ended up not finishing my nachos, but it didn't matter anyways because the nachos weren't so great. . .   BBQ Nachos came with shredded pork. The shredded pork was dry, it was all bundled up below the chips and cheese. As a result it made it hard to scoop it up with tortilla chips, so I ended up using my fork. After using my fork the shredded pork was still tangled, so I used a knife to cut it up. NO it was so difficult to cut it so I ended up using my fingers. The BBQ sauce however was very flavourful, tangy and reallly spicy. . .   Waitress was very nice, she took our orders in the nick of time. However afterwards the service just got slower and just when we received our drinks, the food came. I was having a peaceful time enjoying my food, etc until this crazy obnoxious "monkey" man sitting behind me sorta moving around on his booth, slapping/banging the table a few times, and yelling random things like "WEEEEEEEEEEEEOOOOOOWW". Ya so to the monkey man in the red shirt sitting behind me, thanks a lot for the dining experience!
saw a couple employees wearing shirts that read: "fast, cheap, and easy - you are what you eat" or something like that. none of these were true about blt burger, but lol to the elderly asian bus-man boasting that shirt. . anyway, waiting for food was soooo long. it wasn't busy, either. don't come here if you're starving/in a hurry (most people in vegas probably fall into at least one of these categories though). . got the blt and cowboy burgers. both were whatever. sweet potato fries were OK. mcdonalds fries still taste better imho. . fyi, in case you're lactose intolerant, all of the spiked milkshakes and floats have milk in them, including the blue moon orange sorbet. . won't eat here again
Pretty good burger but nothing special.  It was overpriced in my opinion and bit over hyped.. Service was.......rushed?  We felt like they where pushing people out, and the waitress was rude.  Would not go back.
Would have given 4 but Vegas and they suppose too do it big! Wait was little long but the Black N Chicken was the bomb!
Never heard of this burger chain but I guess they have locations in a bunch of major cities. Waited in line (?) to be seated. Clearly you can see open tables and I don't know if the hostesses (yes plural) just didn't have their act together or they like to stagger the seating to help out the wait staff and kitchen or what? Sorry slow service is one of pet peeves. Took a while for our big group of 8 to decide and order. So many choices and a lot of us were enamored by the alcoholic shakes. Yeah I know, it's the first time I've ever seen milkshakes with alcohol too. I tried some of my friend's shake that had kaluha and baileys and while the alcohol wasn't very strong, the milkshake was delicious. But service during the meal was ok. Water was refilled regularly and they checked up on us a couple times. Anyways I got the lamb tandoori burger. I like to get lamb when I see it because it's one of those things I don't know how to make at home. Think they cook the burgers medium unless you tell them otherwise. And medium is perfect. The burger was just a little bit pink and still very juicy. Also got a side of sweet potato fries. Mmm, love me some sweet potatoes. Dislike that sides don't come with the already expensive burgers ($12+ and $5 for the fries and like $8/9 for milkshakes - insane). Too pricey for me to eat here normally. But when you're on vacation, I guess it's not bad.
We were in the area and needed something to eat. Rather than consult Yelp and then figure out which hotel an eatery is located at (especially in the midday heat), we looked around for a place with a long line and decent looking food and BLT fit the bill. . . Despite the moniker including the word "burger", we only opted to try both a salad and a burger - specifically the vegetarian falafel burger and the citrus salmon salad. We went with the server's recommendation of the fat fries. The falafel burger was literally a crunchy falafel patty tucked inside a burger. Generally speaking, it was pretty good though I think they could find a new burger bun supplier as that fell a little short. This is very filling and somewhat heavy, so we were glad we went 50-50 and split the salad and the burger. The salad was surprisingly good since this is a burger joint. The salmon was seasoned well and had a nice char to it without being overcooked. The salad was dressed well and the lettuce and avocadoes were fresh and light. . . The fries were definitely fat and seasoned; since I don't really care for seasoned fries, I only had a few pieces. I noticed most people just split an order of fries (or whatever fried item) since the portion is fairly sizeable. For what it's worth, it seemed like only the skinny fries were not seasoned. I would also caution against the onion rings as some of the orders I saw around me were clearly burntwith black patches on the onion rings themselves. This is the first time I've ever seen burnt onion rings. I think the waffle fries were also on the very well-done side since they were very brown and hard (like a board), based on what I saw at other tables. The sweet potato fries looked okay, however. . . Service was okay and not particularly attentive, though in their defense, this place is very busy. We had to flag people down for more water and it took about 10 minutes before anyone came to take our order, even though we had closed our menus and were clearly looking around for a server. Pricing is about average for Vegas, meaning high compared to similar places elsewhere in the U.S.
The food here is worth the return. Please assure that you have saved up your calories for the week/points as the shakes are simply wonderful!
Another burger restaurant to add to the world. Were the burgers good? Yes. Was it anything special? No.. . The fries were of very nice display as they are placed inside a cup of some sort and wrapped perfectly in wax paper. But style is not as important as substance my friend.. . The wait is long (not as long as Burger Bar) but out of all of the restaurants that are available within the Mirage and at that specific segment of the hotel (I think there was a subway or something lol), this seemed to be the most interesting out of the bunch. Glad I experienced another nice burger place, but not enough to be left craving for it again. Try it if your stuck at the MIrage!
If I could have added a half star I would have. It wasn't that BLT Burger was bad....it was just ok. My husband and I took the kids to see the tigers at the Mirage and decided to take them to dinner as well. We chose BLT Burger because it looked and sounded kid friendly (it was loud and there were other kids inside) we were taken to a table as soon as we walked in but it took a good 10 minutes for our waiter to come over. They had a kids menu, which was great, but there was NO BURGER on the kids menu (all they had was chicken fingers, corn dog and grilled cheese) but my son wanted a burger (hence the name BLT Burger) and we had to pay the adult price for the classic burger and extra for the cheese he wanted.. I ordered the chili and it was AMAZING (I give it 5 stars) a great portion and perfect amount of spice. My husband had BBQ chicken nachos and he said they were good as well.. His burger came out incorrectly made...he had added sauteed onions and mushrooms but they were no where to be found.. All in all the service was a little slow and the food was just OK and for the prices on the burgers I expected more.....not sure if I will return or just stick to good old In n Out Burger.
It wasn't horrible and it wasn't mind-blowing. Average burger with steep prices (well, you are in Vegas). We were really hungry and on our way to the Secret Garden at the Mirage. Limited combo options, if you choose a special burger then the price of the friesa and drink skyrocket the bill. The milkshake was dense and tasty, but half the cup was frosting (which I don't really care for). Simple and clean presentation. The server was timely and attentive. She didn't hover too much or ignore us. I liked the house pickles (mild brine). Honestly, for the price, I would have rather paid for a restaurant experience at a Master Chef restaurant or something.
Just cruising around the Mirage late night after some gambling. Decided we should probably eat something at some point. Just saw this place and went in for a burger. They have a wide variety of specialty burgers. Including the lamb vindeloo burger. Which defintly caught my eye. It was a well cooked burger with lots of flavor. I wouldn't say its my favorite in the world but it was good. I liked the option of waffle fries and several other side options. The service was ok not great. But at 1 in the morning what do you really expect? I can see coming here again and trying other options for sure.
Try the toasted marshmallow shake - was something I'd go back for.  In fact next week!. The orange blossom doughnuts with the shake- to die for.  Put them together and you are like, OH MY HELL this this good!. I had the vegie burger with wheat bun.  It was good. Not sure that the fries were worth eating.  But my son said his burger was pretty good.. I haven't decided if the food is worth the prices but it's good food for sure.. Service was great.  They were not terribly busy tho'.  But everyone is nice and friendly !. Decor is ranch themed. I didn't get any beer )-:
The shakes here are DEFINITELY a 4 or 5 star, but the burgers were just okay to good, and the service wasn't very good at all, so I dropped it down to a 3. . . Caution: It's SUPER loud and cramped in this place...definitely not a romantic setting whatsoever! . . Food: They have pre-built "meals" if you want with a regular burger, fries, and a milkshake for $24. That's really really expensive for a burger to me...I could get TWO buffets for that!!! Their fries were average, and to me, my "regular" burger was only average as well. My husband got the Cowboy Burger and thought it was very good, so maybe my problem was that I didn't get a specialty burger. . . Shakes: They had a TON of cool concoctions here, and so the 4 of us all got something different. I got the Lunchbox Shake which was inspired by a peanut butter and jelly sandwich...OMFG it tasted EXACTLY like one and I LOVEDDDD it!! I'm ready to go back right now for another. Our friend got the Mother Fluffer shake which was marshmallow and she just about fainted she loved it so much...she still chants its name. Our other friend got the Double Barrel float which was Jack Daniel's and rootbeer float. His was our least favoriteof the group. My husband got the Bad Moon Rising which was Blue Moon beer and orange sherbert....holy baby Jesus it was SO good! We are planning on making our own of this one! What a great idea since you put oranges in that beer anyways! . . Service: It was busy, but the annoying thing was our waitress didn't think she had to "write" down our orders. Instead of just writing them down like a normal person, she tried to remember them, but then she had to keep coming back and asking us to repeat them. That's freaking irritating! GET A PAPER PAD AND PEN WOMAN, you're a WAITRESS it's like...the standard tools of the job!!! Was she doing it to show off? Because all she showed was that she had the memory of a goldfish. . . All in all, we will TOTALLY be back for shakes to go, but I don't think I'd return for a sit-down meal. I'd rather go to Serendipity were the food is just as good, but there's more choices and a way cuter atmosphere!
Another cool looking busy burger place in Vegas.  The menu selection is great and once again the burgers look and sound great, but just taste average.  As always we sampled the fries and onion rings and they were ok.  The star of this place just like Holsteins are there big delicious milkshakes!  Forget the burger and fries just get two shakes!
This was another one of the establishments located within our hotel (The Mirage) so  we chose to frequent it when nothing else was either available or within walking distance.  . . The food was that bad - we rolled with the fried pickles as an appetizer because really....is there anything else better than fried pickles whilst drunk?  I kid and digress.....they were delicious as to be expected so no complaints there.  I believe I ordered the salmon burger once and the turkey burger the second time around and have no complaints.  The salmon burger was very good.  The turkey burger was ok but definitely did not trump the salmon.  . . The service....well, it could use some love.  Our first server was just ok - nothing spectacular....got the job done with minimal effort.  The second server was negligent and took forever to get refills and all the basics.  Not impressed at all with that whole piece.. . The place is pricey - no argument there.  The burgers go from $12-17 and most apps start around the $8-11 range.  The portion sizes were fine on both courses but still a bit steep all things considered....it is a burger joint after all.  . . That being said - if you want a burger and don't feel like leaving the resort.... check it out.  Otherwise, look around at other options while staying in Vegas.  Three stars is about as high as good as it gets for this place.
This is a nice place for a no fuss group lunch/dinner. A group of 7 of us went on a sunday around 7:30 and we didn't even have to wait for a table. The menu provides a few salads, a variety of burgers, and sides. It's a little pricey for what it is, but by vegas standards I would say it's decent; with most burgers ranging from $12-$14. I also like that they have fun milkshake flavors including nutella, oreos, etc and they even have spiked ones with rum, baileys, etc.. . I tried a few of the things my friends got like the tex mex burger, chicken wings, and sweet potato frieds. Those were just okay. I really really enjoyed what I got, but I did have to do a little customization. I ordered the black n' chicken burger, but i substituted chicken for a burger patty. I also got it without a bun to offset the damage I did at buffets. The burger was cooked medium rare like I asked and the toppings were delish. It came with provolone, horseradish cole slaw, and tobacco flavored crispy onions.
The ceiling - made of different size wooden blocks and lamps in this place is really cool. I also like the scenery mural around the bar and having the numbers on the tables makes it super easy for the waiters. . . I ordered some skinny fries, my friend ordered the BBQ brisket burger which was pulled BBQ brisket, whole grain mustard apple slaw, tobacco onions, jalapenos and scallions. . . The skinny fries could have been skinnier, but that's ok. They were seasoned with garlic salt. I also think that for $5, the portion could have been bigger. . . My friend said that his burger was awesome and that he would order it again in a heartbeat. He just wishes that it came with French fries (if you want them, you have to turn your burger into a combo for $19). . Overall this is a nice little burger joint - especially for watching a football game or 2. It's very reasonably priced for being in a hotel on the strip, but their portions could be a little bigger for the price.
So the hottie and I are stayin at the Mirage and we get the munchies around 1 a.m.  We ordered burgers to go so I went downstairs to pick it up and take it to our room.. . I orderd the bbq beef brisket burger.  The brisket was a tad dry, could have used a bit more bbq sauce.  But  I found the burger to be pretty tasty and had a lot of elements to it.  It had some of the grain mustard apple slaw to give it a nice bit of that sweet horseradish flavor and there were also bits of onion strings for a little crunch and some jalapeno for sourness and heat.  . . The hottie ordered a salmon burger.  I only took one bite and again found it to be a bit dry.  French fries were excellent.  Horseradish cole slaw was good.
Great little rest stop along the strip. Numerous selections in burger styles. I highly recommend the chili burger.
Dinner while surrounded by tables of rodeo fans, with country music in the air, bull riding championship and football airing on TV, and a beefy burger in hand.  I have to say - I couldn't help feeling a little manlier after eating at BLT Burger!. . Similar to Holstein's in the Cosmopolitan, BLT Burger serves up a variety of specialty burgers and alcohol-infused shakes in a casual yet trendy atmosphere.  The menu also includes alternatives like salads and a variety of starters/appetizers (and desserts!), but let's be honest - the burgers and drinks are all you really need!. . Although the menu offered more unique varieties (like the Lamb Tandoori burger),  I kept it simple with the BLT BURGER (Double Smoked Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato, and BLT Burger Sauce...$13), and added Monterey Jack Cheese (+$1.00) and a Fried Egg (+$1.50).  However, looking back on it now, I suspect my order was flipped with my friend's since I don't remember getting any lettuce or tomato in mine.  In any case, whatever burger I had was still pretty good (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blt-burger-las-vegas?select=VZ1VhnLdQzaVWhnHd2tobA#15VvfHSg8YpS4B9oUo17dg).  It was cooked exactly as ordered, had a decent char, and it was still fairly moist (though not quite juicy).  The patty could haveused a little more seasoning, but it was fine given the egg, cheese, and bacon (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blt-burger-las-vegas?select=VZ1VhnLdQzaVWhnHd2tobA#B-HfvbJeqjSZWBJZed4ZqA).  I wasn't a big fan of the buns though.. . Since the burgers don't include fries, our table decided to share orders of the ONION RINGS and the SWEET POTATO FRIES.  On both counts, they were fine, but not "must try" items either.  The Onion Rings were wrapped with a thick, crunchy batter (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blt-burger-las-vegas?select=VZ1VhnLdQzaVWhnHd2tobA#LDHquMHWZfWsqRlFXtwBiQ), while the Sweet Potato Fries were nicely thin and crispy (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/blt-burger-las-vegas?select=VZ1VhnLdQzaVWhnHd2tobA#Gc1m4O_xOmTixEkSIRBikA).. . While I certainly wouldn't have a problem coming back to BLT Burger, I rounded down my THREE AND A HALF STARS if only because I'm not sure the value is there.  It's really not that expensive overall (especially for The Strip), but I'd rather go back to Holstein's since the fries are already included and their menu offerings are a bit more appealing.
Wandered to this place with the boy on one of our many Vegas trips because they had a bunch of TVs that were showing the football games (which we were hoping to catch during lunch). We were seated right away, and our server was nice and helpful.. . After a few minutes looking over their pretty straight forward menu, I decided to go with the Shaft Blue cause who can resist blue cheese, caramelized onions, and mushrooms!? For $13/burger, I would've expected something more irresistible. I know blue cheese has a distinct taste, but there was definitely something weird tasting about this burger. . . Since we had two people, we ordered a combo ($21 for a burger, fries, and a milkshake) along with a burger. Their strawberry milkshake is huge and quite delicious. It's quite better than the burger I had to eat, that's for sure.
A coworker and I came here while in town for a trade show.  The burger selection and combinations was impressive and while it wasn't cheap (what in Vegas is) I felt that it matched it price.  Nothing jumped out at me but I left full and satisfied.
Diner en famille. Pour faire court les Burgers (notamment le BLT) etaient plutot bons, et la viande semblait de tres bonne qualite. En revanche, la cesar salade n'avait pas assez de sauce (et pourtant je n'aime pas top quand il y en a trop et que ca degouline, mais la c'etait a se demander s'ils en avaient vraiment mis...), et surtout ils n'avaient plus de Chicken fingers pour mon fils, et la, c'est le drame...
Based on my positive experience the last time I returned. Service is not up to par, but the burgers are stillgreat!
BLT Burger is located in the Mirage. Every time I walked past this restaurant during my stay in Vegas, this place seemed pretty busy.  So my husband and I decided to try it out.  Prices are a bit high for my taste but I guess they are average for Vegas.  Burgers range from $16-20.  Burgers do not come with a side. it's an additional charge, about $5 for fries. . . It took a while for our food to come out but when it did, it was nice and hot. Burgers were pretty sizable. I ordered the turkey burger because I am not big on red meat.  It was ok.  I would not order it again though.  My husband ordered the wagyu beef burger which is top notch meat.  He said it was the best burger he had ever had and he even wanted to come back the next night.  I would come back again, but not in the same week.
After a weekend of some pretty hard partying, a friend and I decided that the best way to avoid an impending hangover was to eat a nice juicy burger and french fries. I ordered the blue cheese burger with caramelized onions and sweet potato fries. I have had many fine burgers in my life and this was not what I would rate among the top 10. I mean, it wasn't bad, but it was nothing special.
I found BLT Burger to be a good but not great famous chef burger place (Boy aren't they all over the place now!).  The burgers we had were quite good and cooked to the temperature asked for but, the service was very, very slow and the sides were just OK.  . . It took forever for a server to come to our table and then he only asked for a drink order even though we were more than ready to order.  Once he came back and took the order, it took another forever for the food to come.  Could have been that this was our first meal since leaving the East Coast and forever really was just half a forever but, it took a long time to actually eat something!  Both the fries my son got and the onion rings I got were just meh.  I had high hopes for the onion rings from a place like this but, they appeared to be just your garden variety, heavily battered frozen ones.
Good Burger, but over price.
Fairly nice selection of gourmet burgers and what appears to be some tasty adult milkshakes!  Wasn't impressed with the burger but the milkshake was good.
You know what's funny? Reading the reviews here and seeing so many complaining that this wasn't a romantic setting. It's a burger place. Of course it's not romantic.. . There was a little bit of a wait in order to get in and get seated. That's okay though, and when we sat down, our waitress was pretty attentive. She was knowledgeable about the menu and was patient with our friend who didn't want his milkshake until after he had finished eating his burger. . . The only downside is that it's pricey. The burgers are standard burgers, and then you wind up paying $20 for a drink, fries, and a burger. I guess that's what happens when you put a burger place in the Mirage, but still. . . Probably won't come back. By the next time I go to Vegas, this place will probably have been replaced with something new.
One of our burgers was messed up pretty badly and when the server came she tried to fix it, but the server rarely made it to our table, the other two people in the party were almost done with their food by the time she came by to ask me.  I couldn't get anyone to stop at the table either, it was a bummer because clearly they make a great burger.
The good, my turkey burger was tasty and fries were hot. The bad, service sucks and burger came out a bit cold.
It was solidly good, nothing amazing, but can't complain either
Turkey burger was fantastic. Fries were cooked well and totally enjoyed the Tuscan milkshake. Would have given a higher rating if they weren't so deceiving about the prices. Ordered 2 combo then the check came and they charged me an extra $12 for the shake-which was supposed to be part of the combo. Had a big discussion about the fact that the waiter didn't tell us that. Scam.
I wasn't impressed.  With a name like BLT attached to it, I was expecting to be wowed.  I wasn't.. . I walked in and had a seat at the bar.  Two woman behind the bar.  Black lady who was clearly a server but was at the prep area making sodas for hertables.  I was right in front of her.  She can't say hello?  Hi?  How are you?  Let me get you a menu?  Or just let the bartender know that I'm sitting there?  Anything other than that miserable look on your face?  The bartender was actually right next to her but she seemed busy making drinks and can't say hi and pour a beer at the same time.  Eventually she greeted me and brought me a menu.. . I know, I made it seem like the service was sh-t.  It wasn't.  It actually got much better after this.. . I ordered the tandoori lamb burner medium rare.  It was cooked medium well.  It was just dripping in fat and grease as I was eating it.  It tasted fine though I didn't feel like I tasted much tandoori. They did do the right thing and offered to make me another one, but I only send food back if food is inedible.. . All in all its an ok place for a burger.  When you are spending almost 20 bucks for a burger and a soda you just expect more.  I think there are better values in Vegas.
i had a salmon burger, which was fine.  it came w/ pickle on the side, and you have to order fries separately.  i would have liked it if the salmon was more rare, b/c it was a bit overcooked.
They don't offer Pear cider anymore...Boooooooooooooo Bring back the cider!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I enjoyed this place and would not mind coming back. I ordered the tandoori lamb burger and it was extremely juicy and tasty. I got a milk shake with baileys and khalua. My burger was $14 andthe milk shake was $8. And sides like fries and onion rings are separate but the burger was filling. Very easy going place but our server wasn't all that good.
Burgers galore on the menu and they certainly offer some tasty combos, but at the end of the day the, I expect more from Vegas. Spending $14 on A burger is a norm apparently these days, but I like I said, it's Vegas and a burger should be over the top delicious and indulgent. These were good, not amazing yet somewhat satisfying. I wouldn't race back to this spot, but it's definitely conveniently located for a hangover meal if you're staying at the Mirage. The food was average but the service was great!
Wow what an average burger!! Asked for medium rare and it came well done! 25 dollars for an average burger! Not good....
It was just ok.  Not the best burger I've ever had, but decent. It did not melt in my mouth which I expect a burger from a burger place to do.   Salad was good, but I needed them to have better dressing choices.  Our server was beyond sweet which always makes any dining experience better.  We were with kids and they loved their milkshakes.  Kind of pricey for being "not so much" but it's Vegas.  Love being here and nothing was going to kill that vibe--not even a mediocre burger.
I've had better 12 buck burgers and the server was just rude. I won't be back. . . The fat fries were good. The draft beer could be colder.
Food was good.  Prices are a little nuts for what it is but that's Vegas I guess.
We stopped in for a quick meal 2 nights ago after a looooong day of traveling and airport drinking. The menu and layout reminded us of our fav burger bar back at home so I knew it was a good sign. I ordered the Country Fried Chicken salad as my main course- it was very delicious. I was sold once I realized there was corn in the salad! One of my favorite things and usually hard to find! This salad was probably one of my favorite meals in Vegas so far! Although it was garnished with a ton of mushrooms on the top, I wish it stated that in the menu. I hate the thought of mushrooms to be any where near my food. But it was easy enough that it was just on the top and I could pick it out! Gross!!! . . My poor boyfriend didn't have as much luck, he ordered the buffalo chicken sandwich with fries. He said the chicken and bread looked good but the amount of blue cheese added to the sandwich was insane. So much blue cheese. After a huge bite of tasting nothing but blue cheese he was highly disappointed. I told him several of times to tell the waitress (although she seemed busy, we was still very nice and would not have had any issue talking to the kitchen/manager about it) But I really did love my salad. . Another thing which threw me off was that I automatically get super disappointed when I order a glass of wine and it doesn't come in the a wine glass! I know it's silly but if I'm paying over $11 for a glass, it should be in a wine glass. Just kinds of kill my wine mood.  Other than that, the service was good and fast. The place seemed kind of busy and very clean! Definitely a good place to stop by for a quick meal and drink.
I had the classic burger with sweet potato fries and an orange milk shake. The burger was dry, it had no sauce or anything to give some moisture :( nothing special about the sweet potato fries, the shake was good, was looking forward to have an enjoyable dinner but it was a fail :(
Good selection, cooked well and seated quickly. The milkshakes looked good but we didn't have one. The burger wasn't the best in the city and mediocre service. It felt like a long wait for the food. For a late night food option (past standard close of 11pm) it was good.
