As a huge fan of Osteria Mozza, I was really looking forward to eating at Carnevino and had high hopes.  My expectations, however, were a bit tempered by the fairly large number of negative reviews on Yelp.  I have to say that overall the food was very good as was the service, but nothing was particularly memorable and it was definitely overpriced - even for a steakhouse.. . Perusing the menu beforehand, KM and I were interested in the Beef Tasting Menu, but the very first thing the waiter told us when we sat down was that the tasting menu was only available if all five of us wanted it.  Since three folks didn't, KM and I were out of luck.  Our group ended up sharing a couple appetizers, sides, bottles of wine, and KM and I shared the bone in ribeye for two.. . Our dishes included:. -- Bread with Lardo: This came to the table right away.  I wasn't particularly enamored with the lardo.  It has an interesting flavor but I would've preferred some olive oil.. -- Carne Cruda (steak tartare): Excellent preparation of steak tartare.  Exactly as it should be done.. -- Italian Brocolli with Smoked Pork: Pork makes everything better but even with the pork this dish just wasn't very exciting.. -- Mashed potatoes with Poached Egg: Very good, rich, and creamy.  I'll have to try to make this at home.. --Bone-in Ribeye for two: The waiter cut this tableside and added a bit of salt and olive oil.  A very good steak, cooked perfectly, but definitely not the best I've ever had.
Not the greatest location, with it being on the casino floor, but it had a nice ambiance. We had an interesting experience here with several odd things happening.. . First of all, one of our party ordered a glass of wine, and as the server poured the wine, he appeared to be spilling wine all over the table, and being indifferent his poor pouring ability. Once the splashing was noticed, he realized what was happening, and it turns out that the wine glass had a hole the size of a quarter in the glass. A perfect circle cut out of the side of the glass. Very strange. He replaced the glass and served a new glass of wine, and it became a comical event. Then things took a turn for the worse.. . We ordered a filet, orecchiette, a ravioli dish, and mushrooms. We ordered the grilled octopus, as an appetizer, on the servers recommendation. And we also debated on whether to order the brussel sprouts or the broccoli, and again the server recommended the brussel sprouts, so went on his recommendation and went that route.. . Then the dinner came, and we were given the broccoli, not the brussel sprouts, and no grilled octopus. When we asked about the octopus, the server replied 'Oh, i forgot to put it in.'.... ?!?!?! Then we asked about the brussel sprouts, and he told us we ordered the broccoli, which had definitely not ordered. At this point, things were not looking good for Carnevino, it seemed to be a comedy of errors. The server then came and told us he put in the grilled octopus and he would comp it, which was unnecessary, but appreciated.. . Finally, we ate our food..... and all was forgiven. The orecchiette was great, a little small in portion, especially while splitting it between two people, but it had great flavor. The steak was well cooked and had excellent taste. I did not taste the ravioli, but I heard no complaints either. While we were eating they brought out the grilled octopus and it was completely worth the wait. It tasted amazing. I was with three people who had never had octopus, and were reluctant to try it, but I badgered them to give it a taste, and they all three equally loved it.. . Despite the serving snafu's the actual meal was very pleasing. And the server did atone for any mistakes he may have made throughout the meal. I don't know if I would return here, due to all the eating options at the Palazzo/Venetian, but I would recommend others to give it a try and taste the octopus at the very least.
I always hear about Carnevino and we finally got a chance to try it.  Hostess was great, adjusted our table and sat us right away.  The restaurant has a nice atmosphere.  A huge window towards the back to overlook the strip.  In the middle of the room is a large wine table.  . . For appetizers we ordered:. **CARNE CRUDA ALLA PIEMONTESE. chopped to order Steak Tartare with raw mushrooms.. --My friend LOVES this dish,  for me, it was ok.  I don't eat raw beef that often unless I'm in Canada, but this was ok.  Not too memorable for me.. **GRILLED OCTOPUS. pickled vegetables and limoncello. --This dish was my favorite.  The minute you bite into it there's a shot of flavor that goes into your mouth.  . **FRIED CALAMARI. marinara and pickled hot peppers. --You can never go wrong with fried calamari. . For the Entrees we ordered:. **BLACK FETTUCINE. crab, jalapenos, and shallots. --I've never seen black fettucine and I tried a bit from my friend's plate.  It was very flavorful.  I definitely want to go back and try a full plate. **TORTELLONI. lobster and tarragon. --This was a delicious dish as well.  This and the black fettucine itself would be a reason for me to come back. **DRY AGED BONE IN RIBEYE (Medium Rare). --This thing is huge.  They first show you as a whole, and then cut it table side.  They put the bone on the side and explain that it's the meat is very sweet on the bone. **FILET MIGNON. --You're typical filet mignon. . For our sides we ordered:. **ROASTED BEETS WITH PISTACHIOS AND GORGONZOLA. **SAUTEED BRUSSELS SPROUTS WITH PANCETTA. **ROASTED SHIITAKES WITH ACETO BALSAMICO. **ITALIAN BROCCOLI WITH HOUSE SMOKED PORK . . All the sides were delicious and complimented what we ordered.  . . Dessert:  . **SORBETTI:  QUINCE, BLOOD ORANGE, PEAR. --I loved all 3 flavors.  Quince tasted a little like apple sauce, blood orange and pear was just refreshing after a heavy meal. . So overall the food was great, service.....well that could've used some improvement.  We had to wave down the server a few times, which didn't make me happy.  When he first approached our table to take our order, one of my friends asked him a question and he excused himself and didn't come back for a while.  Later on, when we asked for our bill (after waving him down again) my friends brought it to his attention that they had made it clear it was my birthday when they made the reservations.  We also noticed that one of my friends didn't get the 'VANILLA BEAN AFFOGATO' he ordered.  Instead it appeared the waiter ordered an americano.  The waiter tried to rectify the situation by bringing out a DARK CHOCOLATE CAKE w/ vanilla huckleberries + a candle.  The dessert was delicious, but sort of ruined my refreshing dessert I had ordered previously.  . . As my friend Duke says, bad service I can tolerate, but I can't tolerate bad food.   So Carnevino, you're lucky your food is oh so good lol.  I will be returning to try the black fettucine + tortellini.
The fiance and I were feeling lazy, but wanted red meat so we decided to order take out from Carnevino. I don't know many people that would order take out from a steak restaurant, but I didn't feel like getting dressed up. I much preferred sitting in my pajama, watching a movie, and getting drunk on the sofa. . . I feel like every time I go back, the quality of food isn't as great as the time before. We ordered the Bone-In Ribeye as usual, but it was overcooked and wasn't very flavorful. If we were dining at the restaurant, I probably would have sent it back since I like my meat medium-rare and am very picky about it. I'm so picky about it that when I made a face at how overcooked it was, the fiance was willing to rush down and put in another order. But whatever, no big deal so we just ate it. . . Carnevino is a good place to try, but keep in mind that there are several other steak restaurants in Las Vegas.
First the good.  This was one of the best steaks I've had.. Cooked just right, presented in a minimalistic way.  It's Steak.  That's it. And it's good.. . The kitchen did a great job!. . Now the bad:. We arrived at our reservation time which was basically the same time they opened (still on east coast time.)  When we checked in at the hostess stand we were told there were 7 parties before us and that we would have to wait across the hall so as not to block the entrance.. . !!??!!  WTF?  We were dressed up nicely and told to go stand someplace else?  There is no waiting area so we had to linger around within sight of the front desk.  I can understand being delayed if there is a slow turn over, but to come to a place that is 10% full and not given a time when would be seated was pretty bad.. . 20 minutes later we were seated.. . The ambiance is more Disney than steakhouse.  The over sized table was novel at first but wore off fast as it was difficult to sit at.  Small side portions for large prices.  It's Vegas so things are expensive,  but this just didn't deserve it.. . Mario!  How could you?
It is really all about the preparation.  The server comes with the rib eye bone in and cuts it into smaller pieces to be eaten on your plate.  The bone is almost like it comes from the flinstones.  . . The rib eye meat was only okay and definitely could have been more tender.  The spinach and potato were just about the same level, only okay.
The staff is very friendly and accommodating. As expected, very expensive, but that is las vegas casino restaurants for you. I ordered "the burger" and it was delicious, but definitely not the greatest burger i have ever eaten, especially for $30. The sides were actually the best part of the meal. The asparagus salad was amazing and the Parmesan crusted french fries were out of this world. I went specifically for "the burger" and if you are looking to splurge on something simple, delicious and expensive, then give this a try.
Rolled up late afternoon looking for some steak action. I was a bit skeptical seeing the 3.5 star rating. And my presumptions proved to be true =\. The empty restaurant should've been the first clue- but then again, who the hell eats a big ass steak for lunch? WE DO! Apparently (-_-). . After the rude-ass hostess out in front sat us down, we were curious to try out this highly touted "BBL" beef, so we all ordered the 16 oz bone-in new yeezy. Disappointing for $61 duckets. Good size, good cut, looked good but I expected a little more as far as flavoring. I ordered medium rare but that shit was literally still mooing when I got it.  After taking a few bites I noticed that subtle dry aged beef flavor - hard to describe, it sorta had that rotten cheese kinda taste towards the end. I'm not that hardcore of a steak connoisseur to know if it was supposed to taste like that or if that's a good thing or not, but all I know is that I didn't particularly favor it.. . We also ordered the Italian Broccoli with smoked pork at the recommendation of our server- that was actually pretty good. I'm not sure if I'd shell out the kind of duckets to come back here again. For that kinda money I'd much rather go to a sure win like R. Chris or Mortons. (-_-)
For what we paid per person at this place, you'd expect the food to be A-MAZING... but it wasn't. It was ok. The food was over-priced and I'd have to agree with the other reviews. The server definitely tried to oversell us on the appetizers, which were expensive on their own. I ordered the filet.. it was good but not great. The ambiance was dark and slightly boring.  We had ordered drinks at the bar while waiting for our table to be ready... $18 per drink. Everything was overpriced for what i was. I don't think i will be coming back here.
Very pale in comparison to B&B Ristorante (the only other Batali restaurant I've been to) and while some may argue that they are completely different beasts - one's a steak house and one's a high end Italian restaurant, I was expecting the steakhouse to be on caliber with B&B. Three reasons: 1) they are both in high end hotels, 2) their tasting menus with wine pairings are exactly the same price, and 3) because they both carry the Batali name. . . We did the beef tasting menu paired with wine. As excited as I was to eat my way through this menu, nothing really stood out. I didn't think the quality of beef was necessarily the best I've ever had and there was a certain creative element lacking from both the presentation and ingredients. Underwhelming but don't get me wrong, the food was good. Just not rock-your-socks-off good. . . High marks for service and wine pairings. The atmosphere/decor was nice... classy and sophisticated. Definitely a dress up place.. . Overall OK but nothing to write home about. Whereas I won't be going to Carnevino again, I do look forward to a repeat visit to B&B.
Our regular Vegas destination jacks up the price and lowers the quality.. . Yellow lettuce? Really? . . The up-selling by the waiting staff is absolutely disgusting considering you're going to drop 200 on a meal right off the bat. "Want some broccoli marinated in the spring waters of switzerland, tears of a unicorn, and sprinkled with shaved mushrooms from Thailand?" Then they'd exclaim "Its to die for, I highly recommend it." They recommend everything they offer... . . Furthermore, I wish the staff would quit trying to relate to me; no matter what State I claim I'm from the waitor always seems to have a story that relates. "Oh, you're from Los Angeles? I remember traffic in my home town of Texas, it sucks. I relate. We're friends.". . Way to turn this awesome dining experience into Disneyworld on roids. BARF.
Carnevino is definitely a meat-lovers joy - but maybe a little over-priced for what you get.. . My boyfriend is a carnivore and steak-addict, to the point where his friends recommended he come here.. . We started with the Beef Tasting Menu, and while the crudo was well done, my issue was so many places seem to do a raw Kobe appetizer. Something a little more creative (with same meat!) would have been lovely. I will say I really loved the beef-cheek ravioli - I stole my boyfriends because I felt my portion needed to have more in it. Personally, the wet and dry aged beef were good and "beefy and meaty," but my preferences run towards melty and buttery type of steak. I preferred the dry aged to the wet...the wet aged just seemed a little bland in comparison. . . We veered off course a bit - my boyfriend wanted MORE meat and we ordered the dry-aged bone in Rib-Eye for 2. I didn't eat much as my boyfriend devoured it, but the meat was flavorful for sure...just not my style. Ending with the tasting menu desert, which I can't remember because it was so generic. I think creativity could have been a lot better.. . Service was good and they helped us find wines to pair with our dinner well. Our server was so excited we wanted more steak - but maybe he just wanted the bigger tip resulting from the massive bill? The worst part of the meal was being seated in an area that looked out onto the casino/hotel walkway. I prefer people not staring at me or my meals when I eat. . . Lastly, the price. While the cuts of meat were good, I just don't feel the costs justified what was done in the meal. The creativity was lacking and maybe it's because it's such a meat-BASED restaurant...but I feel like it could have been more creative. . . If you liked dry-aged steak and big, bold Italian reds, this is the place for your. But I prefer my steak to melt like butter in my mouth and this isn't the place for it. I will tell you my boyfriend enjoyed it far more than I did. Otherwise, maybe try another, more diverse restaurant in the Palazzo/Venetian Restaurant row.
Carnevino is a luxurious attempt to sell diners on buying pure hedonism.  All considerations of moderation in portion size, salubrity, and price are discarded.  As such, the experience of dining here promises to be great fun, so long as the restaurant delivers on its bold promises.. . Unfortunately, for me, it fell a bit short.. . Bread is served with a choice of butter or, scandalously, a lardo spread.  The latter suggestively hints at the hedonism to come -- it's the chef's way of asking you to go ahead and indulge before the real fun begins.  It's a nice touch.. . Then there's a black fettuccine with crab.  The salt level rendered it nearly inedible, although the pasta itself was very well made.    . . Steak was a porterhouse for two.  It's carved table-side which makes for a nice show.  The meat is finally seasoned and liberally dressed with good olive oil.. . This, I must say, is a huge slab of meat.  Just the bone is of Flinstones proportions, and it's returned to the table for some undignified gnawing.. . Flavor-wise, I don't think this porterhouse is going to blow anyone away.  The filet side of the steak is quite bland, in spite of the heavily seasoned exterior.  The rest is quite nice, but it's really an extraordinary amount of food and, therefore, one endures the sameness that comes with eating lots of meat in one sitting.  . . The ribeye, which I've had here before, is much better.  But that hardly excuses Carnevino.  I never give a restaurant a pass for the diner "ordering the wrong thing."  Surely if I only ever ordered foie gras, the very worst restaurants would pass muster more often.  . . One-third of the steak was, effectively, flavorless.  As I typically expect a tenderloin to be somewhat less flavorful, I expect the chef to make a better use of the ingredient.. . So my overall feeling is that Carnevino makes lofty promises but fails to elevate the basic experience of a steakhouse.  At this price point, I'm hard-pressed to recommend it.  If you do go, stick with the ribeye.
It was good and the sommelier was awesome and witty. We ordered a bunch of different things. Beware the steak for two is 80/person so its 160. It isn't too clearly labeled. The summer pasta is good. The mashed potatoes are pretty good. There is egg yolk and cheese folded into it. The new york steak was good and it was plenty! This place is owned by mario battali. Its got a nice ambience, but not worth the price.
All together, our table shared 9 items.  Some were amazing and this included the calamari that was cooked to perfection with just the right crispy batter.  In fact, since there were several dishes to sample during the first course, I was surprised when I went back to it after it had cooled and the calamari coating was still delicious.  I also loved a special pasta they had with fresh corn, the flavors were fabulous.  However there were a few dishes I was disappointed in, like the Roman salad that was rather bland, with very little dressing or flavor.. My biggest disappointment was a result of something the server did.  I was having a difficult time deciding on my main course and was torn between the mixed grill and one of the steaks.  I knew I wanted to try the aged beef they are known for, but decided on the mixed grill after the server listed its components as containing a 4oz skirt steak.  I love skirt steak and could then also try their bison sausage and giant shrimp.  When the dish was set down in front of me, I immediately asked about the steak as I could tell it was not skirt (generally a flat cut of beef).  The server was fetched and explained that no, it was actually hanger steak, but said he called it skirt because it is from the same part of the cow.  Funny because hanger steak is one of the few cuts I don't care for.  It is considered a good steak by many, it is just not my preference.  And it really isn't the same thing at all.  So after only one bite, my $62 mixed grill was a disappointment.  The shrimp was delicious, but the sweetbreads and bison sausage were just fare.  I had also ordered a $5 side of horseradish sabayon and was surprised it had so little flavor.  The sabayon texture was great, but I think there was a strong possibility they forgot the horseradish because all I tasted was the egg and salt.. The desserts were also a mix - the sorbet had great texture and a special they had with cannolis was delicious, however their ricotta and berry trifle was a little bland with very few berries.. My wine was fabulous, but my last experience was the server handing me someone else's check by accident.  Whoops!
We chose Carnevino for our fancy dinner out during a recent bachelorette party. We were happy to find that they were able to accommodate our large group (8 girls) for dinner, but were a little paranoid when they told us they'd charge us $50 for each person that didn't show up. They were also really persistent about checking up on us in the days leading up to the dinner - maybe they have a lot of experience with flakes in Vegas?. . Anyway, we were immediately really impressed by the space. It's dim and romantic and very upscale. They put us in a semi-private little nook which I liked because we were still able to see out into the main dining area but still got some privacy. . . I have to say the service here was excellent, though I wasn't so impressed with the food. Our waiter was really helpful in determining how much we should order and making recommendations, though I did get the impression that he was trying to upsell us. If we ordered as much as he suggested we would have been too stuffed to walk after our meal! However, he took it in stride when we ordered only some of what he recommended. . . The meal started with some tiny little complementary cheese croquettes, which were a small bite and very savory and tasty, as well as a bread basket with choice of butter or lardo to spread on top, which I thought was a nice touch. . . To start, we had the grilled octopus and two of their salads. I enjoyed the arugula salad with a triple cream cheese but the other starters were not so memorable. We also went with the ribeye, which was yummy but to be honest nothing special compared to other steakhouses I've been too, both expensive and more affordable. We also weren't super impressed with the pastas we had - a black fettucine with crab, a gnocchi and orrechiette with sausage and broccoli. They were all fine but definitely not memorable (I just had to look up the menu on the website to recall what we ordered!) To be honest, the highlight of the meal was the side of mashed potatoes we ordered, which comes with a poached egg and some sort of bacon type meat. It was so indulgent and rich! But I was a bit disappointed that the mashed potatoes were the highlight of this extravagant meal. . . Though I was totally impressed with the ambiance and service, the food unfortunately didn't measure up for me. With so many wonderful restaurants in Las Vegas, I don't think there's time to waste on mediocre expensive meals!
It was very hard for me to decide how many stars to give Carnevino.  We dined here at the end of September.  We had a reservation for the dining room but asked to be seated in the bar, overlooking the casino (it seemed a bit more interesting to me than the dining room).  This turned out to be a huge mistake.  We had to wait, wait, wait for service.  We were eventually split between two servers, who were extremely apologetic but also extremely stretched to the limit with work that they could not accomplish successfully in such a small space.  This is a huge managerial error, and when I turned in my comment card and spoke to a supposed "manager" on the way out, she seemed pretty unconcerned.  She was eager to move me along and was fast to blame the problems on the servers.  Not very professional.  Good managers survey the situation and make adjustments when things are clearly not working well.  Shocking for a restaurant of this caliber.. . The steaks were STUNNING.  I have been to several big steakhouses in Vegas:  SW, Cut, Nine, Circus Circus, Craftsteak.  My favorite for quality of the meat is Cut, but it is a close call with Carnevino.  The sides were delicious, and one of our servers was very skilled at navigating us to the best sides for our meal.  . . We were not offered dessert.. . Not sure if I will be back.  Depends on whether I am staying at the Palazzo and whether it is not crowded.  The management of Carnevino needs to remember that every diner and every meal should be treated as if it is special and important.  I am pregnant with our second child, and this trip was our last trip together as a couple before the baby arrives.  There are many dining options in Vegas (many of them are amazing!), and Carnevino should treat diners like they are important.special.
Order the Rib-eye bone in the bone was so big but the meat was pretty small. Cost $110.00 for a small piece of meat with no side or anything sigh. Ask to take the bone home for my baby and he loved it. LoLz
After hearing so many great things about Carnevino, we finally tried it.  The bone-in ribeye was very good but crazy expensive.  The dining experience, however, is really ruined by the very loud inappropriate music.  It was very annoying.  For steak that is just as good (and much less expensive) and a much nicer overall dining experience, we'll stick with Delmonico's.
My experience this time at Carnevino wasn't as good as it was on previous visits. We sat at the bar to watch football, which was a great set up for us. The service was great (as usual). However the food was a liitle bland/under seasoned this time around..   I had the steamed clams, Gnocchi with bolegnese and finished with the Pork Chop. The clams were great, but the Gnocchi didn't have the same pillowy texture as it did in other visits and the sauce was nothing special (bland actually). The Pork chop was OK, not as good as the one I was servedat B&B awhile back..  This restaurant has a ton of seating which understandingly could overwhelm the kitchen staff. So I'm not shocked by the inconsistency. It's clearly hit or miss here.
I showed up at Carnevino with some friends after a long weekday on the Sands convention floor. I just wanted some delicious beef. I received this, in the form of perfectly cooked beef cheek ravioli, and a precisely seared fillet mignon. The vegetable sides were delicious. I could eat an entire plate of the broccoli by itself.. . The reason this is not a four star review is due to the experience. Do not get me wrong, the restaurant is beautifully decorated and lit, with great mood lighting. The wait staff were very polite and efficient. The problem was the bloody music.. . When I am trying to have a relaxing dinner with some business friends and clients, I should not have to shout at the person across from me over the eclectic sounds of Pink Floyd's The Wall album. When we asked a manager if the music could be turned down, he brusquely informed that was not possible.. . TLDR: Best $65 meal that I ever payed $120 for, which was ruined by the sound of goddamn helicopters and grandfather clocks.
Honestly over rated!. . I have been meaning to try Carne Vino since I'm a huge fan of Osteria Mozza & Pizzeria Mozza. I came with a big appetite and great foodie friends. I had the dry aged bone-in ribeye(serves 2), by myself. Yes, I eat a lot. But not because I wanted to gorge myself with tons of meat... ok maybe. But I also sampled the bone in NY strip and filet. I must say that the filet and strip were much better cuts compared to the ribeye. This is coming from someone who LOVES ribeyes, bone-in none the less!!! Definitely not worth the price. . . Some noteworthy side dishes include:. . Beef cheek ravioli, Insalata Caprese & seasoned black truffle pasta. . . I would highly recommend trying your choice of the strip or filet and spend money on a great wine to pair. I'm a fan of their Vino, but the Carne, not so much.
Finally tried this place out after a friend said it was the best place ever.. . Service- great service, waiter is attentive and very friendly and helpful. Menu- I felt it was a little limited, even for just a "steak house" but they options they did have were superb.. Steak- Order the porterhouse for 2, to compare with ones i've had in NYC.  Steaks are dry aged for 3 months, and you can tell.  It was super tender and the flavor was good, but the extended dry adds another level of flavor, almost a sweetness, that I could do without. I personally prefer just the taste of the beef.  If you've ever had chinese dried sausage, it has that kind of sweetness at the end. It also wasn't as juicy as I am accustomed to for a porterhouse, but it was a very good piece of meat.. . All in all its a very good place, but given my options in NYC, I wouldn't go back here.
Super Bowl Weekend. . . Las Vegas.. . Carnevino.. . Had a huge group outing to Vegas for Superbowl, and one night we dined at Carnevino. A party of 12, we sampled a bit of everything from the menu. A few people were excited it was a Mario Batali restaurant, but I am still scarred from my friends food poisoning from B&B Cafe a few years back.. . All in all....it was good. Didn't love it, didn't hate it. eh.
Visited Carnevino with two business associates last night. I had very high expectations going in, given that this is a Mario Batali establishment, and quite frankly for the price, I was disappointed. The restaurant was beautiful, but the music was waaaaay too loud! The entire night, I had Led Zeppelin, U2 and some other weird junk blasting in my ears. I love classic rock, but I found this very out of character with the restaurant. Not sure Mario would have approved that music choice. The Waiter and Wait Staff were excellent. Very attentive without being overbearing. Allowed us to move along at our own pace. We never felt rushed. The Wine List was extensive, and exhaustive to read. Their focus is obviously on imported wines, primarily Italian, which fits with the theme of the Restaurant. Great selection, Vegas prices, what can I say?! The food was a mixed bag. Bread (buns?) came with a salted butter, and some gelatinous pork fat spread. It was no pork rillette, for sure. It tasted like flavored lard. As for antipasto, I had the Insalata Caprese. It was nothing like the pictures you see on the web site here. Obviously getting fresh tomatoes in Vegas in February must be a challenge, but this had 4 slices of like re-hydrated sun dried tomatoes with a pesto sauce with some very mild white cheese. Where is the buffalo mozzarella? Where are the Heirloom tomatoes. Very disappointing. One of may associates had the Caesar Salad and didn't finish it. We also tried the beef cheek ravioli's. Very good, especially with the aged Balsamic as a kicker. Now for the main attraction, the meats. These wee 3 of the finest cuts of meat I have ever seen. I had the 16 oz Bone In New York. Wow!!!!! Cooked to perfection, beautifully seasoned, and tasted incredible. Another associate had the 8 oz Filet. Again, a superb piece of meat. I think he licked the plate!!! However, the main attraction were the lamb chops. Three of the biggest (they are double cut), juiciest and most perfectly cooked chops I have ever seen. The flavor was beyond words. The chops were a work of art! So large though that my associate could not finish it all. We also had the Fries as a side dish. Pass on those. Soft, soggy and drenched in oil. Yuck! . . I would recommend Carnvino for the meats. They are spectacular. As for everything else, they were very mediocre to poor. As a restaurant owner, I was a little disturbed by the quality and consistency of the experience given the steep price tag you pay.
Excellent Service.  We had the Bison Steak which was excellent.  The mascarpone mashed potatoes were awesome.  But the prices and the atmosphere could be better considering you have to walk through the whole casino just to get to it.
Does not live up to the expectation....for the steak.. . My wife and I went because of the great reviews of the 8 month aged steak. When we arrived the wait staff was very nice and friendly and sat us immediately. They provided us with complimentary bread with two different spreads, which I believe was butter and lard. . . I ordered 1 1/2 inch of the 8 month aged Strip cooked med-rare and my wife ordered the Sea Bass. We also had a side of mashed potatoes. The steak was cooked perfectly but seriously lacked flavor except for the small portions that had a little salt salt sprinkled on it and it wasn't as tender as I thought it would be. You do taste the aged flavor. . . My wife's seabass on the other hand was FANTASTIC. The portion size was super small but it packed a ton of flavor and was very soft and flaky. Neither of us were too crazy about the mashed potatoes either.. . For dessert we shared the rice pudding which was very good. It tasted like a bowl of cinnabon. . . In short for the price, it definitely wasn't worth it. I would have rather gone to SW at the Wynn, Del Frisco's or Lawyr's Prime Rib.
Food 4 stars.  Service 2 stars.. . I'm a fan of Osteria Mozza in LA so was psyched to try out Carnevino by Batali in Vegas.  First of all I was shocked by how enormous it was, definitely could fit several hundred people no problem.  . . The service started out great, with an amuse bouche, attentive waitering etc, but slowly it started to wain.  He stopped coming by as much and by the end we had to really go track him down which was annoying since we were late for a show.  he also refused to split the check on more than 3 credits cards for our party of 10 which was lame.. . The food was great.  I would definitely say go there for the meat.  The pastas were just ok in comparison and the bruschetta just pass on. But the steak tartare and the filet mignon and ribeye were amazing.
Ambiance: 2. One star for the dim lighting and tall ceilings.  One star for the.... hmm, that's about it.  The restaurant doesn't even try to create some sort of universal vibe - there's one large room as far as I saw that remains relatively noisy.  In the background they played Michael Jackson (RIP) and a few other 80s artists the whole time.  But they dressed old school Italian steakhouse feel.  The whole place was just confusing, I would definitely not choose this place for a date and questionable for large special occasion as well.. . Cost: 2. More expensive than some comparable peers in Vegas (see my review for CUT, which is just around the corner).  Steaks are probably worth the price, but pastas and other appetizers seemed a bit on the pricey side, even for Vegas.. . Food Quality: 4. More of a seafood guy, but I still loved the filet here, just not quite as good as some others I had.  That said, I've been told by other steakhouses that THIS is the best steak in Vegas, and noted it was ranked nationally.  I suppose I miss something getting the filet vs the ribeye.  Great wine selection.  Sides and side dressings for steaks we ordered were immemorable.  Gnocchi pasta was o k but wouldn't order again.. Black Fettuccine Seafood pasta was great, but overpriced for portion size as another reviewer mentioned.. . Service: 4. A little over the top, really pushing hard for tips etc but all in all quality service that explained the menu well.  Able to accommodate us on a Monday without a reservation.. . When to return: To honor Michael Jackson.  Steak craving.  Balling at the Palazzo.  When they've banned you from other Vegas restaurants nearby.
3.5*. . First off, I'm a big fan of Osteria Mozza (another Mario Batali joint).  Came here for a bachelor party and was hoping this place would live up to Mozza.  I got the Black Fettuccine and Grilled Halibut.  I also took a couple slices of the bone-in rib eye that was $72/person (serves 2).  . . I really enjoyed the Black Fettuccine.  The flavor of the crab was just perfect, not overwhelming or underwhelming.  If I remember correctly, this was an appetizer.  . . Grilled Halibut was ok...nothing special.  Didn't wow me at all.  Maybe this was put on the menu for non beef eaters.  . . Slices of the rib-eye were disappointing compared to the bone-in rib-eye at Osteria Mozza.  The texture and flavors were better at Mozza.  Maybe if I never went to Osteria Mozza, I would be impressed.  . . I will definitely give this place a try again.  I had a slice of filet mignon too but it was too small of sample to give it a definitive judgement.  I liked the slice of filet mignon (non bone-in) that I had.
I tried the bone-in rib eye and the filet mignon.  I was pretty disappointed.  Both were decent.  I just expected more from a fancy place like this.
Before planning my trip to Vegas I had actually looked pretty thoroughly for somewhere that did an all beef tasting menu, because I figured if anywhere would have one it would be the land of steakhouses and extravagance. My searches yielded no results, and so I made several other dinner plans for this extended weekend trip. I wound up canceling all of those dinner plans because my friends just weren't interested in dining at ex-Michelin starred restaurants, and fortunately wound up stumbling into the beef tasting menu that I had been searching for, here at Carnevino. Sometimes in Vegas you actually do get lucky...although like everything else in this city our last dinner wasn't all it seemed from the surface.. . Italian and steakhouse might not generally be two genres you expect to sensibly coexist, but I recall one of the better steaks I've ever had coming from a little Italian place in Fort Worth called Nonna Tata (http://www.yelp.com/biz/nonna-tata-fort-worth#hrid:rGS0dYxxgDOEN_H6QeMAig), so when I found out this place was owned by the celebrity chef Mario Batali I had rather high expectations. Overall I thought all of the food was good, and the service was excellent, but I honestly found some of it just a bit uninspired, and maybe that's because the menu hasn't changed at all since Gregg M and Carol W were here more than a year ago, except for a different dessert, which was easily the most forgettable course. Also, considering the prices here ($120 for the tasting) and relatively small portion size per course I would have expected a much higher quality grade of beef to be used.. . The first course was a Wagyu beef crudo with coriander, saffron, and fennel piled generously in the middle, and was the only course to feature what most people would consider elite farmed beef. The fact that this was about 1 ounce of actual meat, uncooked, per person certainly left me desiring a bit more. Given that, the flavor of the raw beef was outstanding, and the fennel added a delicious pop, although if the saffron was there I didn't notice it.. . Up next was actually a delicious pasta course, beef cheek ravioli with Aceto's 20 year aged balsamic vinegar drizzled over it, along with a bit of shaved parmesan. This really highlighted the Italian side of the cookery at Carnevino more than any other dish, and both the pasta and meat were done perfectly. The rich flavor from the mature balsamic was an outstanding addition.. . For our third course we were given the first of a contrasting pair of sliced steaks, this one being wet aged Piemontese beef, served over spinach and garlic and topped with a fried quail egg. For me, this was the superior of the two offerings, due to the moistness of the steak and the additional textural enhancement of the quail egg. Meat and yolk together are really sublime, and this was just a bit more pleasurable to eat.. . The second steak in the duo was dry aged "BBL" beef, drizzled with Bernaise sauce and served with a lobster and potato hash. Firstly, let me address this BBL beef moniker, because I believe it's quite important. This is something they've essentially made up, and claimed that it's better than USDA Prime beef, in addition to being hormone and antiobiotic free. Google BBL beef and all you get are references back to Carnevino...shady. There is nobody verifying the quality of these steaks other than Mario and Joe (Bastianich) supposedly, and you know they're not actually in the kitchen here. How did it taste? It was good, sure, but for this price I want some sort of credibility besides your own word (which again, they aren't in the kitchen doing the work). The lobster and potato hash however was fantastic, and I could easily eat a larger portion of this as an entree.. . As I mentioned earlier, dessert was a relatively simple and mostly boring goat's milk panna cotta, with "market" berries. I'm guessing the market in Las Vegas never really changes, since no real produce comes from here. This time around it was strawberries, raspberries, and blueberries, and I'm guessing if you come back 3 years from now and in December it will still be the same damn berries.. . The final verdict? Good food with totally unjustified prices. I think the most reasonable thing we got was the $300 bottle of Quintessa to pair with the steaks. Someone needs to come in and shake this place up a bit, as it currently seems like a shell of a great restaurant looking for some spirit to fill in the rest.
Have visited twice.  Second time was better than the first.  Nothing memorable though.  Steak was cooked perfectly.  Good flavor.  Would recommend, but try Cut first.  I need to try again though, a lot of good reviews about the dry aged here.  It won't disappoint but may leave you wanting more.
Maybe I was expecting too much from this, but I was disappointed. The steaks were good not great and coupled that with its overprice-ness I felt that I got the short end of the deal here.. . My girl got a pasta something around 5oz or so and she paid like $20 for it which was utterly ridiculous. Adding $15 would have given her a dinner portion.... . . I ordered the Ribeye aged 90-days. To be honest it wasn't as good as I'd hoped. It lacked a bit of flavor and all I could taste was the rubbery meat which was un-Ribeye like. . . Maybe I'll go here ONE more time. It could have just been a fluke but I refuse to believe this was the Carnevino experience....
We have been here twice in our visits to the Palazzo hotel.  This second trip to Carnevino was only "so-so."  We ordered the bone in dry aged rib eye, which is their signature dish, and it looked huge on the plate for sure.  The waiters cut the meat and served us, however I was expecting a much softer, tastier meat than what we received.  The steak was a bit tough and although good, not great considering it cost 70 bucks.  I guess I was expecting something special being that it was the signature dish, and the waiter hyped it up quite a bit.  On a side note, we ordered one of every appetizer on the menu and also one of every desert.  The ravioli was pretty good, but everything else was again "so-so."  The couple next to us ordered the same dish, and their meat was actually a bit bloody, so I have a feeling that they did not enjoy it much either.  In any case, I will most likely not return to this restaurant again.
First we got seated across the hall in a cigarette smoke filled room.  We then asked to move and got seated in the main room. This was much nicer and no smoke.  Then we got the car sales man guy that talked so fast, we didn't understand the specials.  Almost all the food was salty. Steak was good like other high end steak houses (Peter Luger, Primehouse, Grill 23, DK Steakhouse, Hys).
The best thing about Carnevino was the service. There was nothing special about the food. It was good but nothing stood out and was amazing. There are so many other places where you can get a better meal in Las Vegas.  Although the bartender made a amazing espresso martini and the wine selection was very good it isn't enough of a reason for me to ever come back.
The food in general was pretty good, what I went for (the steak) was incredible in flavor. But everything else just annoyed me about this place. Also, I was saddened that such minor and stupid mistakes can really screw a place up. I wish these so-called money-making chefs such as Mario Batali would keep a closer eye on their establishments. I want to like all his food, restaurants, regardless of the city it's located in or the type of cuisine he has chosen.. . This is what I had:. 1. Carne Cruda alla Piemontese - chopped to order steak tartar with raw mushrooms. - Is there any other way to make steak tartar besides doing it to order? . - The steak was fresh and delicate. The only criticism I have on this is; I wish it had a tad bit of acidity. . 2. Shrimp "alla Diavola" - in the style of Calabria. - This was the biggest shrimp I have ever seen. . - It was one big ass shrimp on a spicy and very delicious tomato sauce. . - Had I known it was going to be one big ass shrimp, I would not have ordered it. As big shrimp tend to be tough and flavorless. The smaller ones are sweeter and juicier. . - Plus it was fishy. . 3. Dry age Bone in Rib eye (for 2). - This is what I came here for. . - It arrived Flintstone-style and was cut table side, just the way I like it. . - Perfectly cooked. - Smelled of what I imagine heaven smells like.. - Juicy, tender and melts in your mouth like butter. - Only complaint: I wish they did a better job cutting this beautiful piece of meat. The rib eye gods would not be happy.   It was slightly sloppy and did not have a very appetizing presentation once it was put on my plate. . 4. Sides:. - Mascarpone and guanciale mash potatoes: pretty good. Probably will forget about this after this blog is done. . - Shelling beans with pancetta: not good, except for the large chunks of pancetta, which I could have had anywhere. . . if you wanna read more go to : http://www.bitchingitout.com/index/CarneVino.aka.MeatWine
I recently came here for a business lunch and I was really excited to check it out. At lunch you don't need reservations, its pretty quiet and there were only a couple of tables occupied.. . Although I know this place is known for the meat I kind of wanted to try the pastas. However, I decided to try the filet mignon with the spinach and hot peppers as my side (9 dollars!). My table companion chose the pasta with lamb ragu. My steak was ok, I ordered it medium rare and it came out medium-ish. You would think for a fifty dollar steak they would get the temperature. The spinach was good though. I tried the pasta and it was DIVINE, you could tell it was hand-made.I should've gone with a pasta. My bad.
After reading much reviews selecting Carnevino as the best steakhouse in Vegas, i beg to differ.. . The service here was excellent.  Amongst the best service I have ever received.  I think we were lucky.  We had a patient gentleman helping is with our selection and spoke slowly so that i could fully grasp what he was saying.  I overheard our neighboring table, and their server spoke at a 100 mph.  I am sure that table lost some of the details as they were trying to keep up.. . My friend order the bone in Filet and I had the 6 month dry aged Riserva (?) steak.  Both costed about $75-80 each.  The steaks were cooked to our liking.  But i thought the steaks were chewy.  Is that the nature of dry aging?. . I am beginning to think fine dining steaks on the strip are way overpriced...
We went mostly on a recommendation by a review book so we eagerly anticipated a wonderful aged beef experience. The reality, however, left us questioning the rating system all together!  Wine list is IMPRESSIVE. Lots of choices by the glass and the Malbec I chose was nice. I ordered the tuna antipasto and it was good.... Not special, but good. Ditto on my wife's chopped salad. We both ordered steak. I chose the bone in filet and my wife went bone in NY strip. I skipped the available sauce addition thinking that a great steak needs nothing. Bad move. . . First, and probably most annoying was the visually impressive steak knives triumphantly placed at our table. Red handled, full run of steel and as dull as children's scissors. And not just mine, my wife's was super dull also. We hacked our way through what was supposed to be a wonderful steak experience and really made a mess of the cut while wearing out our hands and patience simultaneously. Steaks were prepared correct but lacked flavor. At 85 for a steak I expect a wow factor, not Costco grade. . . Side of cauliflower with what seemed to be a Bechamel sauce of sorts was OK but I've ,had similar at friends weekday dinner parties. Once again.  Not special.  Service was OK but not special either ( recurring theme here) . . Cut, the widely acclaimed Wolfgang Puck steakhouse,  was booked so we chose Carnevino the Batali steakhouse... Never again.....dull knives at a high end steakhouse.... Unbelievable....3 stars are due to the wine....... Without its a two star...
The size of the shrimp here are burned into my retinas, they must be living in radioactive waters. I had a salad here, which for the price should have been larger, but it was well done, and it turned out I had a second dinner after this one anyway. Aside from massive steaks and shrimp the quality of the food I tried wasn't all that good. I much prefer B&B over this place.
I absolutely loved their NY Steak! Our server was nice.. . Why 3 stars?. . Well one thing really bothered me about this place. I came here with a rather large group (I think there was about 11 of us). I completely understand having to split us into different tables, but why charge us for the gratuity of a large party? . . It wasn't as if we were split to two different tables, we were scattered through four different tables. Considering this, and the fact that there was a bill to every table, I felt that we should have been treated as four different smaller parties.
My girlfriends and I were so excited to try Mario Batali's restaurant. However, the food did not meet expectations. :( . . We had the Dry Aged Bone In Ribeye since everyone raved about it but the meat was ok. I thought the meat was good but nothing spectacular. I would in an instant choose Ruth's Chris or Maestro's over Carnevino for steak. . . What was surprising was their pasta dish. I really wish I remember what the dish was called but it was a seafood pasta with a whole lobster on top. The presentation was quite memorable and it was delicious. The sauce for the pasta was very minimal but the taste was so flavorful with spices that really went well together. Maybe it was really good because I wasn't expecting much out of a pasta dish at a steakhouse. I would go back just for that pasta dish vs. the steak.
Bummer. This was not a favorite during our timein Vegas.  The 3.5 stars currently on Yelp is a pretty accurate rating for Carnevino.. . We enjoyed:. - Ian (our Server's assistant) he was AWESOME and favorite part of Carnevino. - Peanut Butter/Chocolate dessert that was like a huge candybar ... yum!. - Ian because he was so awesome he is worth mentioning twice. - Zachs Chopped Salad which was very good and a great start to our meal. . We were indifferent to:. - Our entrees of a steak dish and scallops. Eh pretty boring.. - Beef Agnolotti with onion ragu. . We hated:. - The layout is awkward and tables are far too close, luckily there are loud speakers playing music right. By. Your. Head. So you really can't hear anyone elses conversations (or your own). - Bread, butter, lardo - not as exciting as we thought based on reviews from others. . We shared a salad and a pasta starter, then each got our own entrees. It was the perfect amount of food. The salad being a bit larger and more than enough to share. The pasta was smaller with only 4 or 5 bites per person, but enough for us on that particular night.. . Overall it was fine, just nothing memorable nor anything we'd ever go back to do again. The service was forced and awkward (and since we were so close to all of our dining mates we were able to hear our servers spiel only about half a dozen times which got old quickly).
Its a steak house. I like steak. I'm excited for steak. . I got the Filet Mignon. Medium. They purposely undercook their meats b/c its easier to cook 'up' if the customer isn't satisfied. I did not know this and was told this by my waiter, post receiving my medium rare steak. Kind of disappointing. Its a celebrity restaurant so its pricey and everything is ala carte. I'm ok with that, because in return I expect it to be an upscale dining experience. Wrong! Its loud as all get out in there. They have music literally blaring in the dining area. I could understand the bar area but in the actual main dining area they have loud music, I felt like I was talking over music all night. Again, kind of disappointing. . The ambiance just didn't do it for me personally. . I would prefer other steak houses to this one and would only return if specifically requested by a friend.
My wife and I decided to grab a late night meal here after the Beatles Love show at the Mirage. We sat in the bar because we wanted to order just a couple of small plates. We decided on the steak sandwich and the gnocchi. The steak sandwich was $27 and the gnocchi was $19. Both dishes were very good but I thought they were a bit overpriced even for Vegas standards. Food and service was good but I don't think I will return because of the high prices. I think Mario Batali is a little too proud of this restaurant.
this place is pretty amazing.. best oysters ive had yet..
Really nice experience beautiful room and decor. Excellent service but as with many Vegas restaurants its darn expensive. Shared the Double Porterhouse ($160) with my friend. Meat was cooked perfectly and I thought leaving the bone for use to fight over was a great idea. Amuse bouche was a simple fried cheese ball, it was dry and badly needed a dip or sauce. Sides were good asparagus and spinach but the truffled mashed potatoes didn't really deliver on the truffle taste. They made a big deal about telling us it was REAL truffles not truffle oil but these truffles must have been old because they delivered ZERO truffle taste. I had high expectation for Carne I am a Mario Battoli fan but given the choice I would eat at CUT in the same hotel. Less Expensive, better tasting food.
I thought this place was going to be so much better than it actually was. It was ranked the best steakhouse in Las Vegas on a few sites and now I wonder if those sites were sponsored by Carnevino. It is a nice restaurant with great service. I tried the dry aged bone in ribeye, mashed potatoes, and beef cheek ravioli. We were warned the steak was a bit rarer than usual and what would usually be ordered medium-rare should be ordered medium. We took that advice and ordered the steak medium but it came out pretty much rare. The mashed potatoes were ok. I LOVED the beef cheek ravioli though, that was amazing. If you want a great flavorful steak with a nice crust, go to Wolfgang Puck's Cut instead.
Our room deal included a $100 food credit at select restaurants, really more like a coupon since we had to use it all at once at one establishment. Lucky for a friend and I we were the only ones to arrive in time for dinner to use it (the rest of the weekend was preplanned) and decided to "splurge" at Carnevino. We really just wanted to try the food at a Mario Batali restaurant and this was the only one on the list for the food credit. Though the tables were all reserved on a Friday evening it was no problem getting a seat at the bar where we were able to order from the dinner menu though it's a bit weird to be eating at a "fine dining" establishment that looks out over the casino.. . We managed to order the right amount of food so that the total bill including tax came out to $100.53 - complete optimization of our food credit. Of course we paid tip in cash. Since we weren't interested in steak we went a little crazy on the lobster...... . VENETIAN SPRITZ ($12) - Aperol liqueur, Prosecco, orange slice, olive. comes in a giant goblet and is very refreshing. . LOBSTER SALAD ($32) - brioche, lemon & spring vegetables. pretty good though overpriced as expected. . SPAGHETTI AI FRUTTI DI MARE ($31) - slightly spicy with clams, giant shrimp, lobster, and calamari. didn't think the seafood was as good as in the lobster salad, some of it felt mealy, pasta was perfect though we could have used more, half the dish was the seafood, i mean really, pasta isn't that expensive just throw in some more!. . ROASTED BEETS WITH PISTACHIOS AND GORGONZOLA ($9). not a very interesting preparation since the pistachios were left whole so therefore you couldn't eat it together with the beets, perhaps they could have chopped the pistachios so it stud on the beets, also not very much gorgonzola, could barely see it let alone taste it. . FRIED EGGPLANT WITH TOMATO & RICOTTA ($9). a very simple and elegant preparation of eggplant though again there was hardly any cheese involved. . Would I come here without my food credit footing the bill? Probably not.
Call me a traditionalist, but I guess I prefer my steakhouses more American than Italian. The servers are attentive and well informed, which is always a plus. There is a definite table-side/performance component to dining here, which I am always a fan of. The beef cheek ravioli is exquisite; the aged balsamic glaze really elevates the dish to another level. That unfortunately is where the good times come to a halt. I am a big steak fan and was really excited about the prospect of having a "months aged" ribeye (3 if I remember correctly). They say an overwhelming majority of taste is actually based on smell and that couldn't be more true. No matter how good the meat tasted (ok, but more on that later), the smell of gym socks that had gone "months" without washing is all I could take in. The meat here is underdone as other people have already mentioned. I did tell our waiter that I wanted a deep crust and he still insisted I go medium, which was bloody as hell. If for some reason I were to return (not likely), I would probably opt for it well done. Overall, a good place, maybe worth going to once just to say you have tried it.
Just had lunch at Carnevino...sat at the bar. Ordered the insalata caprese and the beef cheek ravioli (off menu). Both were just decent, especially considering the price...I mean, $31 for a lunch portion of ~7 ravioli is a bit ridiculous, and I live in a high cost area and rarely experience "sticker shock". Service, however, was impeccable.
I'd really say a 3.5 star here.  Look, it is solid and you'll enjoy your meal.  But it isn't anything amazing that'll give you a food memory for the ages.  Family style for a group of different cuts was efficient and did the job, but there wasn'tany steak, side, or dish that made me turn my head or illicit the usual DeNiro head bob of satisfaction.  . . Everything was just a solid B+ and I think, for the prices, you can get a much more unique food memory at some of the other high end restaurants in Vegas.
For what the steak is worth. I'm really 50/50 on it. Great sales talk though they got us with their $95 steak :) the wine was divine. We ordered a 2009 Malbec 23/glass. I would also recommend ordering their pasta they are decentz. It is pretty expensive. I say if you're looking to eat steak or if you want a variety of cuts there's Fogo de chao that comes with a side bar on the price included.
This place is overrated. Way overrated. I thought it was just okay, which for a place that charges up the you know what, it's not acceptable.. . Our waiter knew the word no way too much. Almost any deviation from the menu we asked about, the answer was no.. . The pastas were tiny. The sides were tiny. The amount of meat on the steaks was subpar. And, they tasted decent, but not great.. . I had to use the bathroom at some point and it showed me how big this place is. And, any place that is this big, should not have one bathroom all the way in the back. I had to walk a quarter mile to get to it. Nuts.. . Don't go here. There are 4 other steak houses in the Palazzo alone. I would go to Cut if you want a spot in the Palazzo, or just a good spot in general.
We just returned from a week at Vegas where our year round healthy eating and exercise goes out the window as we go on a culinary tour of the Strip.. . Carnevino ended up being one of the more expensive meals which I understand Vegas, together with good food and good wine comes with a price but in this case the price did not match the experience! . . This was our third time at Carnevino and though I was looking forward to this the most , it ended up being the worst of my three times here. . We began with drinks, my husband had a beer and I went with the Sommelier recommendation and ended up with a truly fabulous wine! The decor wasbeautiful , the service attentive though devoid of any personalization  and the music, through perhaps odd to many given the formal setting, was great - Soundgarden!. . Food however was not so spectacular ! The Oysters we began with were good but were surpassed by those at Table 10, Morels, Bouchon and even Public House.  My husband had a four course tasting menu beginning with the Steak Tartare , followed by a pasta, aged steak and finally Tiramisu . He enjoyed it but noted that it heavily rubbed distracting from the meat and certainly not the winner on this trip! . . I has the lobster; a joke!! Smal, over cooked and rubbery - served on its own, no butter, no taste ! Charge me more and make it good : this was not good! . . Sides were not as good as previous visits ; the spinach which we had enjoyed in the past was left as it was slightly salty! The potatoes on the other hand bland .. . The tiramisu was like many others in Vegas: deconstructed to put in a glass with gelato taking the place of the traditional coffee soaked lady fingers! Personally I like standard tiramisu; the hit of cocoa being better than these cocoa nibs! If ended up being left! . . The biggest problem for me was the service - it was smooth, well executed but almost robotic! A little personality can turn a good meal into a great meal . Service was again surpassed in every other restaurant we ate at with the exception of  Otto Enoteca which funnily enough is another Batalli establishment . . It was just okay ; but considering it was the most expensive of our meals and was supposed in both food and service in several other Venetian restaurants I  not sure i will be back
Carnevino is a good steakhouse.. . The one thing I did notice that the waiters did a good job at was the art of "upselling" which wasn't necessarily coercion or strong armed but a somewhat continual, not necessarily aggressive, but reminders of the fixe menue higher priced items and the "per person" (so, to some if you see $80 for a steak but don't read the "per person" you might actually be better off with the $60 steak on your own than sharing one for $160).  So, the service was friendly, and attentive, but I just thought, knowing the restaurant business, the staff are trained to route patrons to raise the AOV (average order value) per customer, and the efforts seemed apparent, 'thonot in an offensive way, more in an obvious subtle way of them just doing their job.. . For that reason, I'd say the food is excellent and deserves * * * * for sure, it's right up there with CUT, Delmonico's, Prime, SW, and the rest of the high end steakhouses in Las Vegas.. . But, I think in terms of the pricing and value, I'd take the rating down a notch.  If Yelp allowed 1/2 stars, I'd make this a 3.5 - - and granted my rating system is where:. .  "* * *" (three star) is GOOD, solid and nice, even recommend or come back to.  "* * * *" (four star) is GREAT, that I'd highly recommend to others. "* * * * *" (five star)  is a knock your socks off totally AWESOME, . * *" (two star)  is merely Okay, but still not bad and I'd go back to again.. "*" (one star) is given where something outright offended me, usually based on service and a lack of effort.  . . So, Carnevino is good, bordering on great.. . The venue is nice at the Palazzo.  I generally love the area of The Venetian, Palazzo, Encore and Wynn.  The restaurant itself has a good vibe to it, not too loud or crowded feeling.. . I had the Porterhouse to share.  The fillet portion was pretty small, and the New York side was good.  I sort of felt or speculated for the $160 for 2, I could have actually eaten the entire steak myself for 1, and we may have been better off ordering separately the NY and the Filet Mignon for either a lower cost or a bigger portion (maybe not dry aged to the bone as the marketing hype machine says, but I'm sure tasty nonetheless).
I get that Batali likes to listen to heavy rock music while cooking but that isn't my choice, nor the choice of the majority when dining and you're popping $160 for a steak or $300 for a bottle of wine.  The music ruined what would have otherwise been an experience more memorable for the food rather than concert pounding beats of a metal band that we twice had to request be turned down because we were screaming at each other across the table.  Put a sign at the door to at least forewarn people of what they'll need to expect and tolerate.  When we spoke to our wait staff about this they said they received complaints everyday and that it was really embarrassing....it's not cute or endearing Mario - grow up and don't be so indulgent.  Lest you forget who's paying your bills - which by the way, won't be us again.
For the price point, the serving size, and the way things were prepared I am not going to give this a very high rating. While the food was delicious, I didn't feel that there was anything that much more special than any other steak restaurant.
Setting / Ambiance was excellent. High ceilings, great decor, perfect lighting. Impressive.. . Service: Overall except, instead of the "how is everything" drop-by, ask specifically whether the steaks are cooked to your liking, etc.. . Apps / bread: fantastic. Except, the server indicated the portions are good for sharing. Hmm...not really. . . Wine: Wow, sensory overload but you can find something you like based on region and price point. . . Side dishes: Just okay. Actually, not good. The brussel sprouts were overcooked, dry and charred. The mashed potatoes were good (the drop a poached egg on it). Fries were dry and overcooked also.. . Main meal:  Interesting disclaimer by the server: "We cook our steaks one degree rarerthan normal. If you like your steaks medium, we suggest ordering medium well."  I simply can't understand the logic here. I thought steak temps were universal?  Obviously, not here. Anyway, we do as the server suggest. Except when the 16 oz NY Strip arrives, it is rare to medium rare.  We wanted medium and asked for medium-rare.  Between 3 guys, we ordered the bone-in veal chop ($85) and the dry aged bone-in ribeye ($144).  The veal chop was stupendous. The most expensive item on the menu - the bone-in ribeye was borderline awful. We ordered it medium (because we wanted it medium rare) and it came out borderline rare.  Everyone at the table tried it and agreed that each bite took too much effort.  It's taken me less time to finish a 12oz sirloin at Outback than to finish of 3 bites of this steak.  I simply do not understand how you can spend so much on a steak and be disappointed.  But it happened.  . . There you go...over-rated and expensive.  I don't mind spending that much for a meal...but it has to be worth it.  Recommendation to my fellow Yelpers....go elsewhere.
Batalli does meat!. . I have been to several Mario Batalli restaurants. So I came in with high expectations. Carnevino was good. The $72 shared ribeye looked likeit would make the Flintstones car tip over. It was very nice. So were all the rest of sides and appetizers. Overall, everything was great. It was not outstanding. For the same price I would go to Delmonico or Cut and be blown away. Dont get me wrong, if you want a nice meal, this certainly was a good choice. But it just not wow, especially for that price.
Went back to do a family style dinner with some friends.  We shared the a few dishes plus some sides.  Our favorite was the rib eye with the bone-in. Two of my friends grabbed that big ol' bone and just chomped down on it  - meat is always tastiest around the bone.  Service was just excellent.. . Dinner for 4 for $295 which included 3 cocktails excluding tip.
Hands down the best New York steak I've ever had.  My friend ordered the reserved NY which was aged about 9-10 months...yes MONTHS, how can anything still be edible after 9 months.  It's crazy but it was also crazy good.  We also tried the dry-aged bone-in rib-eye which had a similar flavor but not as good as the NY.. . Why the three stars then you might wonder, well, we also ordered the white truffle pasta, which cost $110.  The price is fine, as long as the food is worth it, but here, carnevino failed.  The pasta was pretty bland and didn't taste special at all.  On top of it, when we told the server, he gave us a "O, hmm thats weir'd" and proceeded to give us the check.  Hate to be a restaurant snob but typically, if your customers are spending loads of $$$ at a high end restaurant, you usually see some type of service there.
We thoroughly enjoyed our meal here. I am giving it three stars (should be 3.5) because I resent paying $19.00 for a side dish to go with the steak we just spent $140.00 on. Yes the dry aged porterhouse steak for two was really delicious. We hadn't ever tried dry aged beef before and it was really unique and so so good. But again, why not throw in some green beans gratis? The beef cheek ravioli was tasty  as was the eggplant side dish. . We particularly liked our server. He was present without being overbearing and was kind enough to point out the wines less than $600 per bottle. For these prices, I want to be Wowed. I wasn't.
WORST feeling of being taken advantage of in ALL of my restaurant experiences. WORST wording of menu and terrible communication of service. FOOD was delicious.  Most stand out was their signature cheek pasta. I can keep ranting but I  will stop here as I respect the industry as I am part of it, however I will not dine here again because if this unfortunate event.
