I'm really torn about this airport. I want to like you for the free wifi, the rocking chairs, and the almighty - BOJANGLES BISCUITS!!. . But i hate you for your slow customs line that made me run to my connecting flight narrowly making it (yet my bags did not!), the lack of duty free stores in my terminal, and otherwise lame retailers. . . if it werent for Bojangles, I would have given this airport 2stars.
Never checked in here so cannot comment about the security but the place is really clean and seem to have a lot of food options and i like the main food plaza.  it is very open and feels welcoming, somehow.. . It is a large airport considering it is a hub so the terminals are a bit spread out but it is easy to get around with the moving walkways. Definitely wouldn't be against making a transfer through here again. . It's not MIA or ATL.
I visit my local airport here in Charlotte for business and personal travel at least once a month it seems. The parking is convenient and relatively inexpensive. The security lines always seem to go at a nice pace, even when crowded. The airport is overall clean. I would like to see a few more food options than they have. My favorite part are the rocking chairs and the people watching as I tend to always arrive to the airport a little too early. . . I will go back many times (but do I really have a choice?)
What's there to say about an airport? We only experienced the US Airways concourses, but there was a large variety of food/drink locations, and the airport seemed fairly clean. No real interactions with staff (which is good because my interactions with staff at an airport generally mean long delays), but everyone appeared helpful and friendly. I will say I was impressed by the ability to appropriately estimate the amount it would take to fix the "electrical problem" with our plane. 20 minutes was actually only 15 minutes, and I like that! I would say Charlotte-Douglas has got their stuff together and is a good airport to connect through.
This airport has rocking chairs in it which is fitting since the people here love to do things like stand on the moving sidewalk.  The moving sidewalk is not to take a little break from your day of walking.  It's to help people get to their gates faster.  . . Charlotte has been my connecting airport several times and I've never missed a flight.  Considering the amount of people standing around as if the rapture is about to happen - it's amazing I've never missed a flight here.  The good news is this airport is clean... and there was an attendant in the bathroom.
A maze of gates, you need to be here early to ensure you get to your flight on time
If you have time to leisurely stroll to your gate, enjoy the free wi-fi and/ or ponder your upcoming trip while sitting in the plethora of rocking chairs... then this is the airport for you.  Good restaurants, decent shopping and clean.  (4.5 stars for this section). . If however, you are using this as a connecting airport, just flying through... and you have a tight connection then this is the worst hub airport-- EVER.  If you come into a B gate and have your next flight leaving out of E concourse you will not make it unless you have a solid 20 minutes to walk (fast) there.  Seriously it's halfway to Raleigh...  (1 star for this section). . US Airways plans these connections very aggressively.  And, it never fails... the tighter your connection the more likely your next flight will be at that furthest location.. . So a solid 3 stars.
Yay!. . Didn't get to spend too much time in this airport, but from the little I saw, I will say it's a nice airport. Since I had a layover here, I didn't have to deal with security, but in general, all of the staff seemed really nice.. . The bathrooms are really clean and there's an attendant who hands you paper towels. There are also mints and other random lady accessories you can take, but probably only if you tip the attendant.. . There is free wifi here, which I only found out at the last minute, and there are rocking chairs!. . Only complaint was that the gate I landed into and the gate my connecting flight was out of were as far away from each other as possible. Made for a v. sweaty start to my next flight.
I've made stops here twice - both on connecting flights to another airport.  Charlotte is a US Airways hub, so the airport is rather large.. . Compared to other large airports, this seems a bit more sprawling than what I've experienced; however, it will never compare to that hellhole that is ATL.. . Charlotte seems to be a Southern city overridden with Yankees.  The airport is the same way, really.  You have Southern hospitality as well as Northern convenience and efficiency.. . Overall, this is not a horrible airport, but it doesn't rank as one of my favorites.  They could lay out their airport a little bit better.
If you're connecting to a flight in the same terminal, this airport is great!  If you're connecting to a flight on the opposite end of the airport, not so much.  The array of food options will come in super handy when Useless Air - oh, I mean US Air - cancels or delays your flight.  Be healthy and have some Jamba Juice and then undo it all at The Chocolate Factory.
Usually the security lines at the ends of the airport have fewer people. Security is slow but the airport does have Bojangles, which is a huge plus, especially when I need a fried chicken, biscuit, and dirty rice fix before coming back to NYC.
After accepting the fact that your layover will never be in the same gate as where you landed, prepare to walk.. . There is plenty of food to drool over along the way.. I passed at least 3 Starbucks.. . The woman at my gate was so frickin friendly.  She gave constant updates regarding the status of our plane- literally the minute by minute play.  Maybe because it's the south I'm not used to such friendliness, but it was actually nice.. . Overall I was pleased with this airport.  Who knows, my opinion may change in the future, but this place seems to have their sh*t together.
I was just here for a 95 minute layover.  Ate at the food court.  It was crowded for a Saturday!. . Looks like the airport could use a bit of modernization.  Free Wi-Fi!
The airport it self is great.  This is my home airport and for the past three years I have been flying in/out of here.  The draw back with CLT is having to wait and wait for luggage if you checked it and they alwasy seem to be behind schedule with take-offs.
.
Free wifi. Otherwise, standard overcrowded airport (it's a hub).
I had a connecting flight out of this airport from Austin to Indianapolis but due to weather delays and aircraft problem ended up spending more time here than necessary.  If it weren't for the free Wi-fi I would have lost my mind.. . My only real negative experience was with US Airways, and with the gestapo bathroom attendants.  They have tip jars in the restrooms and the paper towel dispensers are empty so they force you to get your paper towel from the attendants.  If you don't leave a tip, they will curse you out.. . When my flight was canceled I headed over to Tequileria and had a couple strong house margaritas (at $11.39 each) and a salmon quesadilla. Then I headed to my paid hotel room (thanks US Airways).. . Overall, this is not a bad airport, but using the restroom should not be such an unpleasant experience! I would recommend wearing headphones to throw off the rude attendants. Otherwise enjoy the free wi-fi.
Well, it's hard to kick an airport in the teeth after they've offered you a rocking chair to sit in, so only for that reason will I give 3 stars and not 2.. . Otherwise, there aren't enough information monitors (which requires a very long walk to find one - some of which weren't working on my last two visits) and the airport just doesn't offer some of the things I like to see at one - [such as free WiFi, lots of food options, quick and friendly TSA.]
Charlotte-Douglas Int'l is a great airport.  Always clean and as long as you don't park in Long Term and stick to the Daily parking lots you can get to and fro from the terminals fairly quickly.  . . Couple things they could improve though, security checkpoint speed...ugh...nothing worse.  And much like all other airports....PLEASE INSTALL MORE OUTLETS!! This is a trend I see in a lot of airports.  One outlet for every 500 yards and people having to sit on the floors just to plug in and take a load off.
no cell phone charging stations....at least by what the employees there told me. they said i could use a wall outlet, but where i was, gate e26, there wasn't one to be seen. i was surprised an airport this large hasn't provided this amenity yet. otherwise, the rest of it was swell.
As a resident of Charlotte and frequent traveller, I fly in and out of Charlotte at least a dozen times a year. However, I have never travelled *through* Charlotte to catch a connection.. . .Daily parking is the way to go at 6 bucks a day. Unless of course, you're going to be gone for an extended period. Twenty-five dollar flat fee cab ride to Uptown.. . For me it's a very manageable airport size-wise, on the smallish side . ( uh, hello sprawling airport nightmares: ATL, LAX, ORD, and JFK to name a few).. . It's pleasant enough in decor with white rocking chairs abound to sit on.. Security is the typical annoyance. No more or less. . . Typically, I don't even bother to get to this airport more than an hour in advance, unless I happen to want to catch breakfast at Salsarita's - their breakfast quesadilla is a cheesy, fast-food indulgence that starts my travel day off right.. . As others have mentioned, dire need of more outlets. . But I find that's true in most airports. . ( Seriously, what is UP with that? How hard is it to install permanent power strips or docking areas?). . NOTE: All three security checkpoints A,B,C can be utilized in the event of long lines at any one in particular, as they essentially drop you off in a central area. You'll just have to hike a bit more pending where your gate is.
On a recent trip down south I got to experience CLT for the first time as a connecting passenger. I arguably saw the airport at it's best and worst during this trip, as on the way back there were a series of severe thunderstorms that cancelled many flights. I lucked out though, as my flight wasn't cancelled but many were, and lines snaked around the E concourse. . . The airport itself is relatively compact and easy to navigate but will require a bit of walking for some as there are, at present, no automated tram systems to transport passengers between concourses. I recommend a layover of at least an hour and a half, especially if you yellow-tagged your luggage on an inbound express flight and have to hoof-it to one the mainline concourses. . . The food/dining/shopping options are plentiful and might actually be of better quality than nearby ATL. However, it's unclear if I'll ever actually use CLT often due to my growing discontent with US Airways, which is beyond CLT's control.
I was at this airport for a few mins as I connected. Would have liked to enjoy my supposedly one hour layover but my previous flight at LAX was delayed for no reason.
Having recently visited the Carolina's, I was fortunate enough to come in contact with a few additional airports for me to write about . . . Charlotte-Douglas (CLT), being one of them.. . Now I really don't consider myself a travel snob, but spending any amount of time in an airport (especially these days), requires three things . . . friendly airline staff, decent / affordable food and, perhaps most importantly, electrical outlets for charging our "gear".  When it comes to CLT, I seem to have gotten little of the first, less of the second, and I'll be damned if I could find more than a handful of electrical outlets in the C concourse.. . The airport staff came across as a bit cold and begrudgingly willing to help when I was bumped from one flight and had to get transfered to a different flight.  The food selection was minimal (unless I hoofed it to the other end of the airport), and what food there was in the C concourse was edible, but not wonderful . . . and the beer was good, but can someone clue me in to why a local microbrew was $8?  And in todays day and age, why were they playing hide-and-seek with electrical outlets -- I think that frustrated me the most.. . On the upside, the nice thing was the big panoramic window at the far end of the concourse -- at the far end of the runway -- where you could relax in the rocking chair and watch the airplanes lining up and landing.. . In the end, it's not a bad airport, but is certainly one which could use some updates to accommodate the traveller of the 21st century -- it's definitely not as modern as JFK (particularly T5), but neither is it PHL.
Unfortunately, there's no way to get to a lot of the smaller regional airports, without connecting here. The airport is easy to navigate, and not too large.
As airports go this is a pretty good one. A good selection of restaurants and stores selling odds and ends.
haha when i was here tryin to fly back to LAX and also back to NJ another time my flight was delayed ...it was pourin out...it sure does rain a lot in NC!
Ick. Wish I had never had to touch down here in the first place and delays dragged it out. Did not understand how the bathroom could have tip jars and Listerine while still having pee covering every other toilet seat. I dig that there was free wifi and I liked the USB/Outlet counter, but there weren't nearly enough seats for the number of people stuck standing around. The terminals were easy enough to figure out when switching to a different flight, but it the only plus I saw for this place was the free wifi.
beautiful airport- no wall plugs
Not as pretty as SFO, but definitely clean and friendly atmosphere. I dropped by here on a business trip and had an easy time navigating my way around. They say that most airports in America are configured the same way (ie. places to sit, places to eat, people coming and going) but not all are enjoyable to wait in. If anything, this airport was easy to wait in. Plus when you're flight is delayed and there's nothing else to do but mosey on over to high priced souvenir shops, it's nice to get a smile from the stranger behind the counter.
Get here early.  Security is bi-polar.  Either there is no line, or it's an hour. . . I would have given the airport 4 stars, but USAir is pretty much the major carrier here, and even with Star Alliance status, I couldn't get an ice cube in my water.   Otherwise, very clean, and easy gate access
I don't travel by air too much, but based on the experiences I've had here, it's OK.. . All the agents, from the flight agents to the security ones always seem to be nice & helpful. Again, me not being the seasonedtraveler, I need all the help I can get - even after reading the latest requirements. :). . As for any airport I'm sure, timing is hit & miss. On a quick trip to ATL in the fall two years ago, I left in the evening & got through security no problem.  July of 2010, I took a trip to CHI & left prior to 5 PM & it was a madhouse.  I stood in the line for security for over an hour.. . More or less, go in with an open mind & know you're going to have to wait. They do have shops / restaurants & bars to help you pass the time.. . Plenty of daily parking & overflow lots, as well as the "T-Mobile waiting area" near drop off / pick up. I do hate the mindless circle you have to take coming in & out of there. It's a wonder they don't have many a traffic jam & accidents there.
I like how updated and clean this airport is compared to others.  However, the attendants at the gate (at least for US Airways shuttle flights) can be annoyingly slow and meh, for lack of a better word.  . . Be cautious though, if you have a short connection time.  Your travel from one gate to another can be verrrrry lengthy.  I agree with Nicole S. - not sure why they put US Airways flights in different concourses, especially when a million of them connect in Charlotte...
This airport is pretty huge. It has a real nice area by the food that has a bunch of rocking chairs by the windows. The seating areas are a little dated and the chairs are pretty beat. Otherwise, it's an airport so I don't expect too much
I really didn't get much of a chance to see this airport as I was just connecting through.  The short version is I was flying back from Kansas City to Pittsburgh, so what better place to have me connect in than Charlottle!  A little outta the way, ya think?  . . I'd booked on United Airlines, but both returning segments were on a US Airways code-shared flight.  So thank you very much United and US Airways for that creative routing!  And of course my connection was at dinnertime!  . . Mercifully, both flight segments were in and out of Concourse D.  So I guess the three stars are for the slice of Freschetta Pizza I bought at their stand.
It's not designed great, but not bad either. Typical smaller airport. What ticks me off is early morning flights and long term parking.  Used to be 2.50 a day but now it's 4.. . Worst part? They don't close long term when there are no spots and people are parked on the grass. I actually circled for 20 minutes in long term 2 until the first morning flight came in.. . Otherwise, decent place for layovers and flights. I like CLT way better than the larger EWR.
Not a bad airport. However they do have those full naked body scanners that the TSA (tyrannical security administration) uses. OPT OUT!  Remember the FOURTH amendment. It has some decent places to eat... even a "California Pizza Kitchen". Overall not a bad airport. Would be 4 stars if it wasn't for the nude body scanners.
Before going through security this airport seems small and quaint, but beyond that it's pretty expansive. The security lines move fast enough, and the TSA agents are some of the nicest I've ever had feel me up.. . Overall a fine place to fly in or out. It's clean and has all the standards you'd expect at an airport.
The Charlotte Airport gets busier and and bigger each time I fly, which is only about once a year.  I thought I may have been imaging how busy the airport is just due to being impatient, but it is one of the busiest in the US.  After Chiquita decided to moved their HQ to Charlotte because ofmore flights, I looked it up.  Charlotte is the 7th busiest airport in the US for scheduled flights and 17th busiest US airport based on passenger traffic.  It is definitely not a sleepy southern airport and it can get hectic.  I arrived for a 7am weekend flight, had to park a good distance away and take a shuttle in to the terminal.  The long term perking was cheap at $4 a day.  . . Upon being dropped off in front of the terminal, I checked my bag with the skycap which was quick and painless.  I did what I always did which is walk to the least busy checkpoint.  The Charlotte airport is still not very big, so all gates and concourses can be accessed easily from any checkpoint.  The main checkpoint had a very long line as usual.  Charlotte has the body scanners so you will need to remove EVERYTHING from your pockets, including your wallet and any paper.The concourses were also busy, and the gates were crowded with passengers - mostly transplants going to Buffalo, Philly,NYC but a few going to places like Florida.   . . There are some nice food options here, but the only thing I have ever bought here is Jamba Juice.  I used to think it was better than Smoothie King and wanted other accessible locations in Charlotte, but the smoothie I got this time wasn't very good so I am happy with Smoothie King.. . After I landed in Buffalo, the airport there was surprisingly calm, and was also calm when I left.  Charlotte's airport is reflective of what the city is today - no longer a slow southern city but rather a fast paced city with people in a hurry to get everywhere.  The city of Buffalo itself had a much slower pace than Charlotte with a lot less traffic.  It took no longer than 20 minutes to get anywhere - even to the outer burbs.  When returning, there were at least a dozen TSA agents at BUF doing nothing, so each person was  able to get into their own line.. . CLT is definitely a nice airport, but don't let those rocking chairs fool you.  It's not a relaxed airport.
Meh. I do not love this airport. But that might be because I am normally flying USAirways when I come through here.. . I traditionally hate them as an airline.. . I feel like the security line is always ridiculously long here, and the airport is a litle tough to navigate.. . I feel like it's a  big airport trying to act like a small airport and not quite making it.  It's alright, but like I said, I don't love it.
I had a long layover at the Charlotte-Douglas airport going to and from New Orleans. I got to spend some time meandering around this airport.. . I like the layout - much more than other airports - and it's easy to get around from flight to food, etc. They have a center terminal and circular intersections of the other various terminals that all have huge beautiful windows and white rocking chairs. After I ate some food in the food court (mostly fast food, but a few decent options), I spotted an open rocking chair and made myself at home. . . I also utilized their FREE WIRELESS! I think it should be standard that wireless is free in all airports and it always bothers me when it isn't. It's a fun people watching airport too while sitting in the chairs.
All three stars go to the ladies in charge of the bathrooms.  Charlotte has the best bathrooms - its official. Super clean, mints, perfume and a lovely welcome "Hello welcome, welcome - all the rooms are clean.". Both food options I tried were awful - there was a sushi bar but it was 9 deep so no chance of a seat there.  Lots of rocking chairs for some reason but the biz folk looked very comfy in them with their puters and kindles.
I like the rocking chairs and the view at sunrise at the end of terminal D.
Eh, this airport felt a little tired and dirty.  The bathrooms were pretty gross, even though they had attendants.  I think this will be a hub for layovers from my new city and I'm a little bummed about that.  I'm hoping TPTB are planning an upgrade!!
These are one of those reviews where I don't know what to say. How do you review airports, churches and so forth? I landed here from Buffalo New York for a connecting flight to LAX. I was hungry, they had a decent food court and I was fed. It was quite crowded but it was understandable because it was the holidays. My connecting flight took about an hour and a half. Other than that it's alright.
Given that this is presently my "home airport" I'd better know it enough to review it giventhat I feel quick to comment on the other airports I've been through.. . Bottom line: the place is relatively clean, easy to navigate (in comparison) and is almost done up-fitting the retail to come up to the current trend of "mall-like" experiences.  . . All terminals are span out from a center like the hub and spoke system of the airlines.  The center court in the middle is best known for its cluster of shoppes, restaurants and (best loved) row of white rocking chairs that ironically back up to the people-mover walkways.  People watching, alone, is worth the price of admission and the vast open space feels busy and energetic during prime time, but never stuffy.. . E Terminal is they newest and definitely feels so. If you fly international from Charlotte, you will be there.  Seems there is a bigger selection of stores here but all terminals have some options.. . For those parking at Charlotte, you've got the usual choices of hourly, daily, long-tern and remote- each with successive price decreases but increasing distances from the terminal.  A flurry of busses constantly circuits from the lots to the terminal and, unless you arrive late at night, are plentiful and well-marked.  After hours we have much better success contacting an airport employee to let them know which bus we fare looking for.  Just remember where you park- long term one is very different from long term 2!. . For those wanting a higher level of service, there is also terminal level valet and business valet.  While I get the convenience of pulling up to the terminal and dropping off they keys, I do not understand the business valet- it is further away than remote parking and you still have to ride a bus.  Yes, they will change your oil and clean the car (for an additional price) but the premium you pay here does not justify the product.  My advice: skip business valet entirely.. . Otherwise, CLT is a typical airport but modern, clean, and open enough to make your time there easier to enjoy.
There is a restroom butler! Really! Is that necessary in an airport? With a tip jar? Or was this the high end VIP lounge? Huge distances between gates. For a connecting airport this is a tight race. Short notice on change of gate notifications.
Wasn't in the airport for too long. But it was really cute and nice. Less hectic than the usual large airports I've been too.
This airport is A-OK.  It is large and there are shops and places to eat.  I'm not so much into shopping at an airport, but I guess there is a demographic it appeals to.. . You could have a bit of a hike depending on connecting gates.  I would not book a tight connection if you don't have to.. . There is also art work in a few locations within the terminal on loan from a local museum.
Alright airport - Big, bright and airy with a decent amount of eateries. Probably worthy of 4 stars if my last experience here hadn't been so bad.... . Return from Montego Bay to SFO after a Christmas vacay we were late to leave MoBay because of ''delays at Charlotte'. Yeah.. no specific information, just delays. Little did we know it would get worse... . We arrive in Charlotte with 45 minutes to get off the plane, collect our luggage, recheck our luggage,  go through security and board before our connecting flight takes off. It's one crazy mad dash which we amazingly make in time but not before the a$$holes at security deliberately pick out all of those in rush and send us through the full body scanner! Pi$$ed off is an understatement. Should we have had time we would have told them ''hell no!''. I guess they have targets to hit and knew we really had no choice - it was go through or miss our flight. Or so we thought... . After the sprint through the airport and board the plane with minutes spare we got told the flight would then be delayed at least an hour. The pilot said it could be 2-3 due to ''bad weather in San Francisco'' but would see if he could get the time down.. Really? There was no bad weather in San Francisco. Apart from being a bit cold it was actually a very still and fog free night (I checked on my cell). Passing the blame for the airport effing up is not cool. . . An hour went by and it's declared we're ok for take off but then proceed to sit on the runway for almost another hour! I don't know what the problem was but they didn't even bother to tell us, it's like they had just given up trying to make excuses. . We finally got back to SFO almost 2 and a half hours later than we were meant to thanx to whatever issues Charlotte were clearly having that night.. . One bad experience out of 4 or 5 isn't so bad though, generally the airport is pretty good. . Seating in the terminals is ample but the chairs are not so comfortable so I recommend heading to the center of the airport where all the terminals meet. That's where they keep the comfy rocking chairs and where all the eateries and shops are. Places to eat include Chilis, Burger King, Papa Johns and Pinkberry.. Restrooms here are nice too and is one of the few airports I have visited that still have assistants. Lovely ladies that supply you with breath mints, sanitizer and a spritz of perfume.. . Bonus Tip Free wireless!
While it's my local airport, it's not my favorite. CLT is improving (and is making conscious efforts to do so), but has some more ground to cover.. . I know the layout well enough since I've been through a few times - I feel sorry for people just connecting. The tree-branching of the terminals can be tricky to navigate. The retail and restaurant options have improved dramatically lately.  Parking isn't fun (and hiking to the shuttle stops leaves much to be desired).. . And security.  By far the worst security I've ever passed through (including my random bag check in a Central American country by someone who didn't know English..that was a much better experience). Security in Charlotte is painstakingly slow. And the TSA agents here need to realize you can be professional and authoritative without being an asshole. I've only encountered one agent who wasn't rude, forceful, and suspicious of everyone (and that's because she seemed very new - I hope she gets out before it ruins her).. . I do appreciate the cell phone lot...a nearby, free parking spot for when you are waiting on a flight to arrive. And, I will admit, the number of flights and possible destinations has greatly expanded. . . If only the other kinks could be worked out...
It is cute the way they have these white ricking chairs scattered throughout the airport. Supposed to be some kind of "Southern Charm" thing going on.  The moving sidewalks are helpful and there are plenty of EZ go's for disabled people to ride on.  . Other than that it is just another airport.
Stepping off the plane and into this airport was a bit like a Dramamine induced hallucination.. . Rocking chairs... white, a hundred in a row, man with a laptop in rocking chair (it's a weird site if you've never seen it)... man playing a grand piano in the middle of a food court... crazy lady yellin' about vinegar and barbecue... psychedelic carpet... fried pickle!. . Is this a Homer-Simpson fever dream? No. It's the Charlotte-Douglas International Airport.
This is actually a pretty nice airport, and they've got some nice amenities (I'm looking at you, Starbucks, and your multiple convenient locations. And maybe at you, too, Lacoste. I never know when I'll have a craving for a golf shirt during a layover.).. . My only beef is that they appear to be completely inept at managing the incoming/outbound flights. I was rerouted to two seperate gates while waiting for one flight, and both times there were 20-50 minute delays in getting the plane in the air. . . Great airport, but make sure you have a little time to kill if you've got a layover; you'll probably spend it running.
Gorgeous airport! I was a little dismayed that I had to walk from the B concourse to the D concourse (which is a very far walk) despite the fact that I was connecting on the same airline.
Ugh. This is one of the more confusing airports for me, even though it's my hometown. Just because you are transferring on the same airline doesn't mean your connecting flight will be in the same terminal. You also may find yourself making olympic time sprinting to the airport trying to make your connection. However if you do have time to meander, they have nooks with rocking chairs, plenty of food options and shops. They are all usually a blur to me as I'm rushing to my gate. Security is pretty average here, not a long wait to get through the lines at all.
This is a good airport for first-time flyers, as it's not terribly large and overwhelming like ATL. There are plenty of food options, from standard fast food to sit-down restaurants. Many of the places are open pretty early. It is bright, clean, and there is plenty of seating. Bathrooms are clean and there is an attendant on duty. It can get crowded like any other airport, but security moves pretty fast.
I'm not a seasoned airport pro by any means, but Charlotte is certainly a pretty good one (at least it's better than Atlanta).  Busy, but not overly so, I have never waited longer than 20 minutes in the security checkpoint line.  As others have said, there are 3 checkpoints, so if the one closest to you seems busy, try other ones, they may be faster.  The TSA agents are usually pretty cheery here, which is always nice when you're toting a fussy (or talkative) toddler through the checkpoint.. . I only wish there were a few more food and drink options outside of security.  Currently there's a Starbucks on the top level by the departure desks, and that's about it.  Now, I understand the airport was built before the security restrictions were tightened (which is a shame, because I love going to the airport, and I'd probably go there to hang out if you didn't need a ticket to get in), but it would be nice if there were more things.. . Also, seriously?  Quit it with the Cinnabon.  You can smell it from a terminal away!  I don't always want a $4 cinnamon bun, but that smell is just so damn enticing that I just can't resist sometimes!  I guess it's better than the stale breath smell of an airplane, though :P
When I fly USAirways I usually get routed through Charlotte. Here's what I don't like:. . Bathroom attendants with tip jars. I like a clean bathroom, but having a woman in there greeting each person, cleaning every toilet between each use, and doling out paper towels to you...for tips? Kinda makes me feel not so clean...what if I didn't have a dollar? Then I'd just be a terrible person for not tipping her. Also, the smell of her spray is overpowering.. . Gate attendants are really aggressive about the 2 carry-on policy. This annoys me to no end, especially on BIG planes that only have 20-40 people on them. My purse isn't large, neither is my backpack. I keep my meds, phone, and tickets in my purse, I carry my snacks, a sweater, and toiletries in my pack. The purse fits in the pack. I have a 3rd small carry on, which is my expensive work equipment. I am willing to plane side check it because most of the planes I'm on are too small for even a "regulation" carry on. Soooo...I tend to assume I'll be checking plane-side...which is why the purse generally isn't in the pack. This is the only airport I've been at where the gate staff THREE TIMES made me stuff my purse into my pack before boarding. . . Other than that huge annoyance, the signage is decent, the food options are ok. It's just not a very pretty airport. They do have a lot of rocking chairs though.
Pretty good airport - average selection of restaurants/shops, but easy to get past security.  I found the Delta gate agents terrible - not sure if I should blame the airport or the airlines, but they were unfriendly, and aggressive with the "you have to check this" attitude.  Our flight was not full, and there was easily enough room for plenty more in the overhead bins, yet they kept asking for volunteers to check their bags - and they weren't nice about it!  . Airport bathrooms had tables with mouthwash, feminine products, and mints.  Bathrooms weren't super clean, but I thought that was a nice touch.   There weren't any attendants as Brittany L mentions, but maybe they only have them at certain times - agreed, that would be a little weird.
I was delayed at this airport and I must say I was really happy to see a spa there. I got a 20 minute massage for $30 and it was worth every minute.
Large us airways hub. It is hit or miss with delays and such. Over the past 3 years, I never had a delay. However, in the last month when I've flown through, I have been delayed 4 hours, and then missed my connection when the plane was still sitting at the gate. . . There is a large variety of food choices, which should appease the pickiest of eaters.
It's an airport, but free WiFi that is pretty decent.  Hard to complain, it's a necessity.  It's clean, decent selection of restaurants, and when I'm there it looks better because of my whippin cool sweat headband, yeah, you can find me.
This is a nice, clean airport. Not that I am a pro on travel or anything but there seems to be plenty of  shops and places to eat inside the security.......unlike other airports.
HUGE airport with lots of cool stores inside! . . The taxi cab system outside is very disorganized. Please get it together before I travel again.  For some reason, I always seem to have a layover in Charlotte.
I was in this airport a few times, and each time I had some funny experience that made me not want to be there. I can't blame the airport on this but since I am being honest...the first time I was here flying through to key west with my ex, she lost  one of her diamond earrings I got her on the floor of the airport....i'm on my hands and knees looking stupid trying to find it which we never did...that was disappointing.. . Two years later i'm here again, I have 15 minutes to get to my connecting flight...I go get some food, which is about 8 dollars for a sandwich, and it ended up being moldy on the bread...I didn't realize this until I was on the plane already in the air so I was out 8 dollars for something that I couldn't even eat, let alone the price in airports can get ridiculous.. . Overall, it seems like a nice airport, the walk-ways seem a little slim though considering the traffic theyget there....but never had a bad experience with a person there, and the accents from the south always make me smile!
This airport is really nice. That is all O_O
Charlotte-Douglas is a very small airport and it pretty easy to navigate as a result. Security is pretty smooth and I usually only have to arrive 1 hour to 45 minutes before my flight to get to the gate on time. I always check in electronically, however I don't believe they are equip with the smartphone scanners for paperless travel. Not to big of a deal, the electronic kiosks and usually never too busy so printing a boarding pass is quick and easy. . The long term parking lots a pretty cheap if you can't arrange a ride and located very close to the airport so the shuttle ride is short. Give yourself 15 extra minutes if you need to park long term.
One of the lucky airports this week was (opens envelope) Charlotte-Douglas! Woooo!  This is a frequent stop for layover connections due to the fact US Airways uses this as one of if not their main hubs. It is pretty big and has a ton of shops and food available should the need arise.. . . "The Good". - TSA is TSA, but sometimes you can catch a smile off of one of the agents.. - Security does move at a faster clip than normal.. -The restrooms are clean and you do not walk over people in order to get in and out.. . . "The Meh". - You will need a seg-way or roller blade shoes to cover the ground if you connection is less than thirty minutes.. - A hub for US Airways... take this as you will at least they do not delay/cancel flights every five minutes like they do in Philly.. . . "The Bad". - Nothing really bad to comment on.
As a North Carolina native now living in DC, I come through Charlotte Douglas pretty frequently.  I've never had a problem in this airport, but don't like the hub and spoke layout.  If you land in one Terminal and have to get to another quickly, you better pick up the pace, as there is no train between terminals.  There's plenty of shopping, restaurants, and bars, but the layout makes it less than convenient to get to what you want.
It's airport.  The parking was a little sucky due to renovations in June.  In August they were still renovating but it felt a lot easier.  We left our car here in August when we travelled.  $5 per 24 hour period.  Bargain.  The shuttle ran regularly.. . The airport itself is easy to get around.  It didn't seem far from check in to the gate.
I like this one. Not one of my favorites but it is very clean and TSA is always nice and respectful. My only gripe is the lines at TSA feel like they take forever, so give yourself plenty of time or else you are going to be hightailing it to your gate....more disheveled than movie starish.
This airport is growing a bit to fast for my taste.  While it is still a somewhat easy in, easy out experience I am going to begin leaning a little harder on Greenville-Spartanburg, especially now that Southwest services that area.  Note to SWA: It is about time!!!
I'm not a fan of this airport. I seem to have more problems out of CLT than any other airport I routinely fly into (well accept Atlanta). US Airways is a hub here, so many of my flights not offered through Delta pitstop in Charlotte out  of Knoxville. To me the most annoying part of the airport, is that it is hard to find the screens with flight status. Compared to Detroit, Atlanta, and Regan they are not plentiful. I also seem to have several delays or cancellations at CLT. The only thing I like about this airport are the many food selections and the California Pizza Kitchen in one of the terminals.
Meh.  This is a take it or leave it airport, and I was glad when I left it.  I really wish they wouldn't allow children in this (or any) place.
Very busy, but plenty of food choices and generally not much problem with late flights.
Huge airport.  Clean and lots of shopping.
It's the place I have to go to get anywhere from Roanoke, VA it seems.  Decent enough but it seems to be starting to show the years these days.  I really have to say I just don't care for the restroom attendants.
Big Airport, bright and convenient.  Always a pleasure to stop here.  Unless its hurricane season, rarely an issue with this airport!
The construction is killing me. Between redoing the daily parking lot to add a garage and updating the secuirty scanners, the past year has been so difficult getting in and out of the airport. . . It's a small airport so it is easy to navigate and has a nice variety of places to eat and shop. It's extremely clean compared to the larger airport. Has free wi-fi and art exhibits that they rotate out. . . Once completed I am sure it will make things move smoother than ever.
Bottom line at the top: TSA is definitely nicer here but they need to work on dining options. Until that happens, your best would be chilis.. . --. . I fly through this airport a handful of times per year and not much ever really changes. Everyone is very friendly, the chilis is always popping no matter what time of day, and bojangles always has the longest line.. . I saw that a genghis grill is opening soon but that isn't enough! Im glad I have loving familymembers to send me on my way with yummy sammies and snack age, I hope you do too!
There is a Jamba Juice here. I like Charlotte's airport for two reasons only:. 1. There is a Jamba Juice that makes matcha there.. 2. While US Airways is awful, a hub is Charlotte and you can get virtually anywhere from Charlotte.. . Why this airport is awful:. 1. It's hard to get between terminals (and by hard, I mean you will walk for a long time).. 2. There aren't enough monitor boards, so when you get off your flight you have to try hard to seek one out (all airports should have these around more).. . Most of the time that I've flown out of here my flights have been on time on both ends.
Any airport that US Airways calls a hub means that it is going to be a giant disappointment.   The wifi lived up to my expectations.  It was impossible to get on the wifi, and when I did, it just plain ole did not work.. . Also, the bathroom I visited was a disaster.  Three stars since it is a busy place and maybe next time things will be in order.  . . Personally, though, I am going to avoid Charlotte and connect via Chicago.
I fly into Charlotte a lot when I venture over to SC and I don't mind the lengthy layovers at DIA at all. . . Douglas International is a medium-sized airport. Your main form of transportation within the airport is a system of moving sidewalks, which does the trick nicely (occasionally you will get the oblivious person who blocks the whole sidewalk, and doesn't stand to the right side and let the walkers pass by). . . There are a few really good spots to eat. My favorite is the sushi spot in the main food court area, it's an awesome spot for people watching. The food court (as well as a few other parts of the airport) is littered with white rocking chairs. I think these add charm and they help give DIA it's own unique identity in a way, plus it's a nice place to relax and rock while you wait! There's also a piano in the main food court area as well. I've seen people playing for tips, adding a nice element to the surrounding hustle and bustle.. . There are a lot of other airports that have a lot more to do than DIA, but this spot is nice. I won't go overboard with my stars because it's a US Airways hub, and they screw me about 90% of the time. . . It's a nice metropolitan airport that has a nice down-home feel to it!
My home airport.  It's okay but it takes forever to get through the checkpoint.  . . I'd rather sit at the gate than stand in line waiting to quickly strip down my stuff to go through the checkpoint.  There are lots of options for food, coffee, magazines, etc compared to other airports but I'm just not a big fan of CDIA.  I prefer Boston, O'Hare, even Orlando for the quick moving thoroughness.  . . But hey, it's an airport.  Get from point A to point B right.
Easy to get around.It was very nice and they had a shuttle to get to the baggage claim. Its a smaller airport which is easier to get around. They have a few restaurants and fast food places, however I had to look for transportation when i was there to get to my Holiday Inn. They have a bus shuttle called the 'sprinter' which takes you right outside the bobcats arena. They have a lot of great places around therem. . The airport was really easy to get around, the staff is really friendly and helpful when your trying tofind your way around. . . I went to get a jamba juice but you can go to get yogert and burgers while your waiting for your flight. They also have a bar/TV place where you can just relax, grab a drink and watch sports.
One of the best US Airways hub airports.
Avg.
Not a bad airport. Lots of shops and restaurants in the food court area (love the Body Shop location and Cinnabon). . . However, the E-D (regional) terminal is ridiculous. You pretty much have to go through a magical door to Wonderland to get there. It seems like the flow of traffic could be much more efficient here....but it was forgotten or something.
Free WiFi, but little to no power outlets. Ciao Gourmet Market (Terminal D, Gate D2) has some of the best coffee (Illy brand).
It's ok... As far as airports go!  I quite enjoy sitting back and watching people sprint barefoot through the airport to get to their connection!!!!
Positives:. Easy to navigate terminals. Terminal E is a hike though.. Plentiful eateries, all of which are overpriced of course. . The public areas are generally clean, even the restrooms. . Spacious terminals and concourses. . Free wifi.. . Negatives:. Parking is a joke. I always use long-term parking and take the shuttle, and that mitigates the hassle of trying to park close to the terminal..  . Prices for flights out of Charlotte are also ridiculous. . I only fly out of CLT if there is no other direct flight option available.. . All of my business associates over the past twenty years routinely drive to either GSO or Raleigh, because flights are just SO much less expensive, parking is easier, and check ins and luggage claims are less of a problem.. . Leaving on schedule.....just resign yourself to the fact that it isn't going to happen. And the same thing holds true for making your connecting flight through Charlotte. Avoid this place if it is possible, if you have to make a connection to ATL or similar large airports. .  . A lot of Charlotte Douglas' negative reviews are due to US Airways poor service. Charlotte is one of US Airways major hubs and they should shine here, but that rarely happens. US Airways is just a mere shadow of what Piedmont Airlines used to be, and they were exceptional. US Airways will give your seat away if you don't check in early....and they will bump you without a second thought. All that reflects poorly on Charlotte Douglas, whether that is fair or not.
Lines at TSA PreCheck is short. Love it.
Has become part of my life as I fly in about every three months for work.  Big place, good amount of retail and variety of restaurants.  Baggage claim is a bit longer than other airports, so don't bother rushing to get your bag.  Bathroom attendants can be a little creepy - but that just might be me.  Rocking chairs are scattered through the terminals.  Lots of charging stations and electrical outlets aren't hidden.  Security checkpoints are pretty slow, but you can get to all gates from any checkpoint so pick any one you want.  I've had good luck with "E" so far.  WiFi is free, but it nags me to agree to service frequently.
Not a bad airport. The concourses desperately need an overhaul.  The look and feel is dated.  The central terminal area is in better condition though.. . The airport does have a good number of food options for a mid size airport.  That is a big deal.  We all want options.. . The other issue is one that it is hard to hold against the airport, it is a US Airways hub.  I cannot not blame Charlotte for that.  You take what you can get, even if it is US Airways.
I've got both good and bad comments about this place, so I'm only giving them an even 3 stars. This is my fourth time at this airport, and overall my feels on it are 'meh'- not good but not bad. . . The Good:. Security was fast and friendly. I was through the line in about 10 minutes, and cleared to go in about 20 total. I opt out of the body scanners, which takes a little longer but lessons the radiation I'm exposed too. I'm all about saving my future self from slowly dying of radiation poisoning after 20 years of going through body scanners. . The airport itself is pretty- one of the prettiest I've been too. They have a tree lined terminal with giant windows on one side, risking chairs to sit and reflect, and lots of shops and even a spa to visit if you're laid over here (or misread your flight time and arrive three hours early like me). They have free wifi, clean facilities, a variety of food choices, and an overall friendly atmosphere. As I write this I'm seating in the waiting area by my gate, and the chairs are surprisingly comfy. Not your standard cold, hard, awkwardly uncomfortable chairs. . . The Bad:. Things are EXPENSIVE. By things I mean food and beverages. I know they jack up prices in airports, but $18 for two breakfast tacos and a sprite is absurd. That's like end of the world pricing. . As I try to save this draft, I notice that their free wifi wont let me continue without an error message. I have since turned off my wifi and am on my phone's 3G instead. No problems anymore, but I think the wifi is useless if you can't navigate pages online. . The woman who did my opt out patting down was a moron. Apparently she just couldn't grasp the concept that I was traveling with a laptop, a laptop bag, and a carry-on suitcase. I spent a good three minutes trying to make her understand that all three of the boxes/tray/item holders that people use to put their stuff through the X-ray were mine. A sample of our conversation:. Me: 'I have the laptop, the next container, and the black suitcase' :points to all three:. Her: 'the laptop is yours?' :points to laptop:. Me: 'yes, and the next two items' :points again:. Her: 'so not the laptop, this bag is yours?'. Me: 'the laptop IS mine, and the bag, and the suitcase. All of them are mine' :points again:. Her: 'so just the suitcase?'. OH. MY. GOSH. Are you an idiot???? How many ways do I need to say this for you to understand???? And you're supposed to be 'protecting' citizens from terrorists?? You can't grasp the concept of traveling with three items, what the hell are you good for? Unfortunately, I can't really curse out a TSA agent without facing potential black-listing, and as much as I enjoy the airport ('they have chairs....') I don't want to become a real life Tom Hanks and live in the airport. So I just shut up and let her figure it out, with the help of a coworker. . . I think airports should have a resident MD on staff at the ticket counter to dispense Xanax to make the flying process less stressful. I'd give an airport 5/5 for sure if that ever happens. Hey, a girl can dream, right?
Ugh, who likes going to the airport. Over the past years I've watched the process of flying go from a adventurous, fun experience to an annoying, convoluted torture exhibition. Flying is a necessary evil in this day and age, and since this airport is less than a half hour from our apartment, it's our 'port of choice.. . They just renovated the parking garages, so you can no longer simply park across the street and walk to the airport...you have to park at a somewhat off-site garage and catch a shuttle bus to the airport. The wait is as annoying as it is at any airport between getting through security and waiting for the airline and airport to figure out which gate they will be using for your flight. There's a decent number of expensive restaurants (like Wendys) and shops to charge that wonderful airport upcharge.. . I don't like flying, I doubt you like flying. It's just something we have to deal with, and this is as good a place as any to get it done.
We were on our way back from a trip to Mexico and Cuba* when we arrived here for a short layover. This airport is easy to navigate, especially when you are coming through immigration -- there are lots of signs telling you exactly where to go. . . There was a long line at immigration but it moved fairly quickly. My honey and I had all of our research license paperwork in order for the Cuba portion of our travels in case we were asked for it** but the not-even-a-hello immigration officer guy just scanned our passports, looked at us with his best stern face, and stamped us on our way. We then picked up our checked suitcases, zoomed right through customs (after handing over our customs form) and rechecked our bags. . . The part that ended up taking the longest amount of time was going back through security, thanks to long lines. I do have to say that the security personnel were working very hard to move everyone along and were really nice as well.. . If we had more than 5 minutes to spare, I would have picked up some local BBQ to eat on our San Francisco bound flight. Thanks a lot, security line. . . *You won't hear much more about our trip to Mexico and Cuba since they don't have Yelp. (At least not yet.) I'll just summarize to say that almost everywhere we slept, ate, drank, visited, etc. were unquestionably five star. . . ** Apparently Beyonce and Jay Z did as well. http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/09/entertainment-us-usa-cuba-beyonce-idUSBRE93600V20130409
This is the airport I regularly fly home to visit my family in Charlotte.  It's pretty small, but steadily expanding.  The security line is very slow, and depending on the time of day or week, only one security line may be open.  I once spent 30 minutes in line!  Also sometimes it doesn't matter if you're in the First Class/Priority line because they still alternate with the regularline.. . Redeeming factors include the Bojangles (in case I can't my Bo fix during my visit), Pinkberry, available electronic charging stations, and the wall featuring movies that were filmed in North Carolina.. . Now that American Airlines has merged with US Airways, perhaps it'll be even cheaper and easier to catch a flight home.  This airport has been (and maybe still is) one of the most expensive airports to fly in and out of.
They are in the middle of revamping the parking near the terminals.  Easy peasy airport.  The food options are lacking, but I imagine they will fix that eventually.  How about some of that well known NC BBQ in the terminals??
The flight from Myrtle Beach International Airport into Charlotte International was very pleasant, until we were held in a holding pattern above Charlotte Douglas International Airport for an additional 20 minutes, which became a bit of a challenge later. Although we should recognize that things just happen, and are out of our control. But  when our plane landed on the opposite side of the Charlotte International, it caused everyone connecting to the SFO flight to make a mad dash through already packed terminals to make our departure time in 15 minutes. Since I was traveling rather light, I  felt so bad for a mother traveling with two children that were flying back to California, I simply offered to carry her carry on luggage and made a way for her and her children to our gate. If I had missed my flight, I would have been okay with it....but I knew if that woman and her children had missed that flight, it wasn't going to be a good day for her, especially since it was Mother's Day! We made it on time with 5 minutes to spare. I guess it was my good deed for the day?  But the experience for us all made good conversation for the flight back to SFO, LOL!
Might just be the must confusing airport I have ever been in
As a frequent traveler, I fly in and out of many airports.  I have been flying through CLT as a connection destination for about 3 years now and am finally writing a review.. . The good:. * Free internet (love it!). * Several food options (Nathan's, Chili's, Quiznos, and TCBY tend to be the place I normally hit-up). * Many clean restrooms with very friendly attendants. . The bad:. * Limited seating in the gate areas. * The flights out of CLT are never on-time.  I can make it to Charlotte on time, I just can't make it out on -time.  It is almost always sunny and rarely raining or snowing when I'm in the area, yet for some reason we are always late.  If you are thinking of flying through this airport, make sure not to have a quick connection.  Also, make sure not to have any plans because you will almost always be late getting to your final destination for no reason at all.. . If you can avoid flying through CLT I would suggest it... unless of course you enjoy flight delays.  If CLT is your final destination, then this is an easy airport to rent a car and drive to and from.
Everyone here is so incredibly friendly. I am from Philadelphia so I am not used to people being so nice. Everyone smiles and is very helpful in trying to assist you. Everyone wishes youa good day. Wow ! Definetly not what I am used too.. I was actually worried that I would offend someone if I wasn't too responsive. I came here while waiting for my transfer flight back to Philadelphia. I usually hate the whole transfer flight experience but, this wasn't bad at all. The airport had plenty of shops & plenty of places to eat.. The only downfall was this place was super packed & super busy & the airport actually started to feel super cramped or super small. It was hard searching for a open seat while waiting for my flight. . Things seemed a bit disorganized here as well but, I couldn't complain much due to the hospitality.
CLT reminds me of what CVG used to be- huge, hub of a major carrier, lots of concourses, plenty of dining options and most importantly delayed flights. CVG was notorious for flights not leaving on time and since Delta moved it's hub to Detroit it is like a ghost town. . . Anyway I digress- As others have stated there is limited seating in the gate area and it seems like every seat is taken and the number of electric outlets are lacking.
The staff at this airport are extremely nice.  US Air, however, sucks, and they are the main airline in this airport.  My flight was delayed arriving here because this airport couldn't assign us a gate quickly, and my 10:15PM connecting flight left without us instead of delaying only 15 minutes to accommodate several passengers from a connecting flight.  I figured I'd go to sleep and leave on a 6AM flight.  Nope.  At 4AM, I was awoken, accused of trespassing, and was told that the airport was closed and I have to leave.  I've never been in a closed airport before, but I guess that's OK.  The person escorting me was very nice and just doing his job, and they eventually decided to let me stay instead of redoing security.  Beware, if you get stuck overnight, go to a hotel, even if only for a few hours.  Much better than the noise of vacuums and being awoken suddenly and speaking with the police.....
Bojangles is awesome in this airport. Great chicken sandos!
Bojangles in Terminal B, go ! That is all. :-)
It's an airport, small but had what it needed. Planes.
This airport reminded me of O'Hare in IL, but much smaller - which means a tighter maze - but still a maze.. . I get a little freaked when I can't get outside, especially when I know outside is just somewhere on the other side of a wall. They have giant windows showing the planes, but turning to the left are endless doorways and corridors and people. I just want SIGNS! BIG  SIGNS saying OUT THIS WAY! The woman who looked like she worked for the airport wasn't moving - in fact she was seated and looked like a mannequin. She explained that she was watching the line of people and couldn't take her eyes off of them - a little creepy, but I guess a necessary job as we need to be mindful of people who wish to do harm. She was able to talk me through to the great outdoors and I was free!. . Oh yes, there didn't seem to be any air conditioning on. It wasn't hot - like outside, but muggy. Of course, I was in a panic so that didn't help me much. For the most part the airport was clean, still too many eateries and souvenir shops, but Iguess they must make a dollar - the cost of flying isn't cutting it for the airports - I wonder who owes the airports anyway - who is making all of that money - I hope they invest in some signage.
Nice airport, easy to navigate, but the delivery of bags at baggage claims takes very long time. I wish the airport authority will create a walkable connection between the new parking lots and the main terminal.
Big airport with many electric walkways that makes it easy to go the long distances between gates.  The Atriums have white rocking chairs. Many trees as well line the main atrium.
I was only here for about an hour, so my review will probably be more superficial than others. . . Previous reviewers are correct -- this airport has many shops and restaurants which give it a mall-like atmosphere.  But I'd rather have it that way, instead of being stranded with nothing to do during a layover. . . The only negative I can say is that there are not enough power outlets.  I arrived after a 4+ hour flight, where I spent my in-flight time watching movies on my iPhone.  So, naturally, the first thing I look for when arriving is an available outlet.  The only outlets to be found are along the windows.  If you need power, you better find an outlet fast because they go quick!
Pretty good overall. the concourses are designed to require lots of walking to go from one to another, but there are good people movers to help if they are working. An abundance of white rocking chairs sets a relaxed mood...and more comfortable than the standard airport chairs.  Plenty of eating places. A bit put off by having a men's room attendant tearing off sheets of paper for hand washers.....with extended palm and giant bottle of listerine.
This airport is kind of huge and unwieldy, and if you are connecting through here I suggest leaving plenty of time to get from one terminal to the other.  Though there are maps all over and it is laid out fairly clearly so that is good.. . I will agree with many of the other reviewers - this place is bright, clean and has some good restaurant choices.  If your layover is long enough that you don't have to be sprinting from one area to the other, there are a lot of good places to hang out.  I have been to the Chili's and the Fox Sports Bar so far, and have to say Fox Sports Bar is one of my favorite airport places ever.  I wouldn't mind sitting out a several hour delay there.. . At the same time, I am extremely bothered by the whole bathroom attendant thing.  The bathrooms were busy and the bathroom attendant was a hindrance to everyone trying to get in and out of there quickly.  People don't need to be told when they go to the bathroom where the toilet or the sink is, and there was no purpose in having the person there.  And then you feel guilty for not tipping, because there is a big tip jar there.  Why would you tip someone who hasn't provided any type of service for you?  Then I worry, what if she is actually the janitor, and they made her "bathroom attendant" so they could pay her crappy wages and claim she was making up the rest with tips?  Then obviously few people are tipping her, so she would then make less than a normal janitor.  I hope that is not the case, but who knows?  I thought it was very weird that there was a bathroom attendant in there and I will be avoiding those bathrooms from now on.. . Two stars for the horrible bathrooms, five stars for the restaurant/bar choice, 3-4 stars for all the other relatively minor aspects of the airport.  I will settle at 3 stars because the whole bathroom thing was so bothersome to me.
Design isn't very nice, just getting a little dated.  But the airport was pleasant and very functional.  My trip was very smooth through this airport.  And I like the Sprinter which runs from the airport to Uptown.
First thing I noticed were the rocking chairs. Wish I had time to chill out in one of them, but no, had to run off to my connecting flight.. Did notice an area with a large glass ceiling, definitely gave the airport a bright and uplifting mood.. I wish I had more time to explore, seeing that its a huge airport
This airport reminds me of O'hare because it is huge. I mean you 99.9% of the time, you need to have on your running shoes to sprint to the next gate which is never in the same area that you arrive in. ( although it shows me only have two check-ins I have been here numerous times)  For example, on my recent trip home, we arrived an hour late at gate B3 and I had to sprint to D7 only for it to be delayed. But then we had to go to gate C13 because the plane at gate D7 was infested with ants in the cargo bay that had just arrived from Montego Bay, Jamaica. LOL  It was funny after the fact, but when you are hauling a carry one that is small in size but heavy in weight, and you are dressed in a cute sundress with cute but flat sandals, it got to be a little much. All in all, this is a nice airport that is very clean and with lots of restaurant options. Just be ready to sprint to your next gate upon arriving!
It's a decent airport.  It's big and has pretty much any restaurant you want.  But the handicap transport carts are freakin crazy!  There are more there than at any other airport.  There will literally be traffic hand with multiple going in both directions!  And that's with a huge mass of people also trying to get where they are going!  And many are running because its such a huge airport!  And it's like a spiderweb.  Atlanta is bigger but you don't know that because its laid out much better and has a train.  I like to walk anyways so I don't care about that but Charlotte airport is like a maze and you can get lost if you aren't paying attention!  Lol But I'll give it 3 stars because of all the rocking chairs.  Gotta love that!  :)
Why is it that the gates always seem twice as far apart when your flight is over an hour late?  However, the Stella Artois at the FOX Sky Box helps me ease back into casual traveller.
If ever an airport that resembles Hartsfield as far as driving up, airline departure approach, it is is Douglas.  It looks like Hartsfield Jackson's little brother.  However there is no monorail between terminals (which is cool with me).  Not to far from I-85 and direct access from Billy Graham, Charlotte Douglas isn't too big of an airport but isn't small either.  Never had any departure/arrival issues or delays with Charlotte Douglas and is just 15 mins away from Uptown Charlotte and/or South Carolina is another 5 minutes added.  The TSA isn't bad, just a normal process.  People and service is pretty good.  Dining options are pretty good.   Charlotte Douglas is alright in my book - recommend especially if you are a USAirway user.. . Grade: C
Sort of pricey shops!!!!!
If you fly UsAir, you're probably familiar with this airport since it is their Eastern hub. I flew in on American where they only have 2 gates, so my experience may be atypical. . . Arrivals: Clear signage, short walk to baggage claim, individual shuttles to car rental. . Departures: TSA pre-check at security b, limited food choices, no cell phone charging stations. . Pros: Any airport with TSA pre-check and free wifi automatically gets a pass. This airport is definitely bare bones for any airlines besides USAir so I was happy enough to have an uneventful experience here.
Not my favorite airport. But, it's ok.
This is not a bad airport.  I had my first connecting flight ever here and luckily they were smart to put the star alliance altogether so you do not have to hike 3 miles to your connection.  Since it is a smaller airport there is a lot less traffic and you will leave on time.  I have used this airport twice so far and I remember they were pretty good the last time too.. . 1/2 star off.  High calorie fatty food.  No lighter options.  . . 1.5 stars off.  SHUT THAT DAMN BEEPING HANDICAP GO CART OFF!!!!  The last thing I want to hear is a constant beep every three minutes at 10 o'clock at night with these stupid carts pacing back and forth without any passengers.
I've flow in and out of here a number of times and in comparison to the various airports both in this country and around the world, this one is ranks high on the list.. . And because it ranks high it is also popular and very, very busy! Going from point A to point B through here can be maddening! There are people everywhere! And further more, airport employees who drive those large, noisy contraptions built to hall those who need a ride to their gate zoom back and forth all over the place. It's a wonder no one was hit! In fact, I heard one employee shouting at another employee (both driving those contraptions) "Hey, stay on one side of the road?"  "Road," I thought. "Since when were any of us walking on a road?". . Still, I have to commend Charlotte International for attractiveness, plenty of shopping, a wide variety of places to dine, and success as an active hub. If my flight wasn't late, I'd have enjoyed it more!
This airport is small enough that you can't really get lost trying to find our gate or navigate your way to baggage claim, but its also large enough to have some good options for things to do and places to eat while you're trying to kill time after getting through security.. . I left on a Sunday afternoon and despite the traffic being insane on the way in, I had no issues once I was in the front doors. The bag drop was quick, security clearing was about average, and at the gate there were lots of seats to choose from.. . No complaints here.
Standard place that grew fast and has lots of spider webs.
A bit dark in the evening. Could use more signage. Customs can take a while, so don't try to cut your flight too close.  Staff is friendly and foods are overpriced. Otherwise, no complaints so far.
Oh, Charlotte Douglas. I want to like you ... but like the rest of the city, the most memorable thing is how forgettable this place is.. . This airport is a fairly bustling hub, and because of this it can feel expansive. In fact, I might give two stars if it weren't for the free wifi.
I give Charlotte Douglass Airport a 3 right now because it sucks going to pick up people because of the new construction of the new parking levels. You have to catch a shuttle they will not let you walk and you wouldn't want to anyway. Make sure you pay attention to what lot you are parked in and what shuttle you need to get back. The parking levels will not be completed until Nov. 2014. It will be nice when they do finish and much easier to pick up people again.
Nice Airport, one of the busier airports.  There is currently a lot of construction going on for the parking areas, so beware that can be a pain sometimes (currently just the daily area is being redone.)  Go to the Terminals on the far left (Terminal D,E)  to try and find the TSA checkpoints that normally have less people. All the Terminals Connect on the inside.
It's been a long time since I've been to this airport. The last time I went through it I just remember spending several hours (due to weather) being delayed. I made many a lap from C Concourse, through the central area, and down Concourse A on the moving walkways. Unfortunately a lot of the shops were closed due to the late hour, but I had my music and I was in my own little bubble.. . Had to fly to Charlotte for a business trip on the Monday after Thanksgiving. Jacksonville wasn't super busy when I left, but Charlotte Douglas more than made up for that. The agents - though they take their job very seriously - are all pleasant to deal with and no one was unnecessarily rude.. . US Airways isn't usually on my list of options to consider because I fly west more often than north, but I'll have to keep them in mind next time. Wouldn't mind - with the right amount of time - having a layover in Charlotte.
Bible belt y'all.  First things first... the airport is just fine.  It is clean, pretty big and offers a wide variety of options for food.  The airport does get pretty busy, so arrive accordingly.  Also, their liquor laws are suuuuuuper strict (read no booze on Sunday until at least noon).  Just sayin.
