3.5.... . We made reservations for 8p but after a long day out on the Strip, we pushed it back to 9p.. . Arrived and we were asked whether we still wanted to sit inside or out on the patio. Since I knew the Bellagio Fountains' show began at 9p, we opted for the patio. The patio had heaters, which was awesome since I had a sleeveless dress on. We lucked out and got a table smack dab in the middle of the patio with prime views of the Bellagio and a wonderful view of the Eiffel Tower. It was AMAZING!!!. . The service from Marlon was great! Recommendations were made and questions answered. . . -Couple glasses of house Pinots ($15). -Filet ($32). -Hanger Steak ($20). -Special Bread Pudding ($9). Total was $82, plus a generous tip.. . Steak frites accompanied the steaks and they were yum! I had the filet, and I have to admit, I had to struggle a bit for a clean cut. The hanger had really good seasoning and flavor. When I order dessert, it HAS to be with some type of chocolate. HOWEVER, since the bread pudding was seasonal, we opted to be different and try it. It was warm goodness!!! I would have probably requested a side of hot fudge, but oh well.. . The service and ambiance truly deserves a 5 star rating. Unfortunately, I expected more with my steak. Would love to come back and try their fresh fish.
One of my regular outdoor brunch spots in Vegas.  Their outdoor patio is awesome for a relaxing brunch while watching the fountain show.  . I like their crepe dishes and their soup is ok too.  Their mussels were very delicous at one point, but very disappointed when I was there last time.  I would give them 3.5 stars because of the inconsistency in their food quality.  I would still go there for my brunch, but without my high expecations in their food quality.
Mussels - Were good. More on the expensive side though. The wine sauce was tasty as well. Fries were small and crispy. Maybe too small for me though. . . Duck confit - Tasty, especially the skin. Would order again. The lentils under the duck were also tasty. . . Cod special - The fish itself was good but the dish as a whole was bland. . . Scallops- Were really good. Nice texture and flavor. I usually don't like scallops.
Breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi. . . The food here is reasonably priced which was a nice surprise. . . Skinny Pancake - Lemon: I was pleasantly surprised by this dish. The French don't make pancakes. They make crepes! The "pancake" is a few layers of crepe with caramelized lemon sugar, powdered sugar and fresh strawberries on top. It also comes with whipped cream and strawberry sauce.. . I was not overwhelmed with my meal but it's a lovely breakfast place with a nice view of the strip. I'd come back for another brunch.
Brunch here is pretty good.  The weather was gorgeous and we got seated in the "indoor patio" area, where we're indoors but have wonderful views of the strip and the Bellagio watershow (my favorite!).  . . Yayyyyy!  I wanted to be healthy and recover from the night before so I went for the Butter Lettuce and Honey Crisp Apple Salad.  I saw people from two other tables order it around us and figured it would be good.  It was actually pretty good.  The aged goat cheese was the perfect compliment to the beets and light dressing on the lettuce.  Although the serving was on the smaller side, I was still full with that and the bread.  . . We shared pitchers of the sangria, which was pretty stiff, but had a lot of good fruity flavors.  The server was interesting (he pretty much shared his whole life story to us in 3 minutes), but it definitely didn't bother us.
I have been wanting to eat at MAG rest ever since I drove by it back in the days, finally we decide to eat here for Valentine's weekend since we were in town. We are seated in the Pavilion which was really nice and fun (very romantic too), reminds me of Dubai restaurants. I ordered the french onion soup which I am dying to try; it was very good, but I honestly don't think it was the best I have had, maybe it was my cup, but there was really a lot of cheese, I mean do not get me wrong, I LOVE CHEESE, but there was almost more cheese than onion broth!!!! I swear I could feel my thighs expand with each spoon of cheesy soup!!! For lunch entree I had the Warm chicken & Bree sandwich which was OK!! nothing out of the ordinary. My husband ordered the cream of mushroom (i think thats the name) which was delicious. And for lunch he had the Quiche Lorraine which was really really really buttery. My husband is not a difficult man to please when it comes to food. He never leaves a plate with food on it.  Today was the first time seeing him barely touch his plate! I am not sure if it was the eggs or the butter or the crust being even triple buttered as well, it just was not good! You can say that I am a harsh critic, but my God my husband didn't finish it!!! I could not even swallow the bite I tried!!!! I had high hopes after reading all the yelp reviews! I wish it was better, maybe the steak would have been a safer order which was his original thought but poor thing he figured he would try something different!!! LOVE THE BREAD STICK though and the atmosphere.
Cute little French Bistro! It's the perfect place tosit outside in warm weather as well.. . It was pretty busy when I went, so I'm not sure if that kind of attributed to the less than impeccable service (Hey, i get it. People get tired and overwhelmed so they only lost one star for this.) The other star is for the location. It's conveniently located on the strip and right across from the Bellagio and the water fountain, but at the time there was construction going on and the people that were walking by were the obnoxious drunks/people recovering from the night before.. But we didn't let that ruin our lunch, we took in the Bellagio Fountain shows that would come on ever 15-30 minutes and ate our Grilled Salmon and Spinach Salad, and Mon Ami Caesar Salads and basked in the warm Las Vegas weather.. . Ultimately, it was pretty good.. Seeing as how we only ordered salads, I can't exactly give them major kudos on their food but the combination of ingredients in the salad were pretty good, and the spinach/lettuce leaves were very fresh.
What I Ordered: It was lunch, but I was feeling like eating brunch food so I ordered the Seafood Crepes. It consisted of a crepe with large, grilled shrimp and scallops with a cream sauce. The crepe contained peas and a cream filling. The dish was topped off with fresh raw spinach. . . What I Thought: The crepe was light and tasted great with the peas and cream sauce. The shrimp was seasoned well and tasted good, but a little overcooked. The scallops were my favorite part. It was cooked perfectly, seasoned well, and had a nice crust on it. . . Overall: I thought the dish was good, but seemed to lack that oomph. Really this dish should be 3.5 stars if Yelp would let me. The restaurant itself is situated in a cool spot overlooking the strip across from the Bellagio Fountains.
Great breakfast menu and view of the strip.  We did not get to sit outside but close enough.  I wasn't feeling well so I only ordered coffee and the crossiant sandwich.  The coffee was not very good considering it was French.  Very watered down.
We were in Vegas this past Presidents Day weekend and ate here for breakfast.  It was good, not great.  Our chocolate croissant tasted like it was been reheated from a very average bakery, there was nothing flaky or buttery about it like a delicious French pastry should be.  My husband had the crouque madame which was really good and I had the lemon skinny pancake.  At first it was good, but then started to become a little dense and doughy.  Also, the service was just ok.  I told my server I did not want the whip cream with my pancake, not b/c of calories, just because I don't like whip cream that much, fresh or otherwise.  He insisted that I have it because I "haven't tried theirs".  Um, ok I have eaten at some of the best restaurants in the country and I'm pretty sure I have tasted great whip cream.  It came, I tasted some with my fork (average) and then when he came by at the end of our meal, he insisted that I I had not tasted any and preceded to inspect my cream!  It was just really annoying.  Anyway, breakfast here is pretty good, but not going out of your way for.
Ok, a 4 star review for the view, location, and ambience of the dining room.  However, 3 stars only for food, service and attitude of staff.  The breakfast was not as great as reviewed from other yelpers, especially eggs benedict.  I specifically requested egg whites cooked, yolks mostly cooked, but out came runny eggs, yuck!!  the Hollondaise was just OK, but little amount on eggs, potatoes overcooked.  Server friendly, yet slow in the response to the egg delimna.  Wish it was better, since location is so great.  May try again next trip.
The food was delicious, prepared to perfection.  But the service, there were stretches of time when I was quite certain that our waiter had completely forgotten about us. The couple seated next to us came in well after us, but they were served their entre' before we even received our appetizers.  Kudos to the chefs but management either needs to hire more wait staff or cut back on the seating.
Came here on a weekday night for dinner and it wasn't busy at all. It was pretty chilly so we chose to sit inside, window-side so we could still get a good view of the Bellagio fountain. Sadly the only view we had was of the street performer outside. You know, those creepy statue men that come to life??. . All the candles around the restaurant gives it a very romantic vibe. I felt out of place because everyone around us were, well, senior citizen status hahaha. . . We ordered soups to start. I got the ONION SOUP, which is like WOW MORE PLEASE!! Best french onion soup I've ever had in my life!! The portion was pretty generous, and it was half cheese (YAY CHEESE! =] ). Perfect flavor, perfect proportions of broth, onion, bread, and cheese. I could've had 10 of these! Bf ordered the SOUP DU JOUR, which was some sort of creamy bisque type thing, maybe potato? His soup was good too, and he actually liked it more than mine. If this was a soup review, I'd give it 5 stars hands down!!. . For entrees, we both got steak-frites. They were not satisfying at all. The steak was very thin and flat; we're not really fans of flat iron steaks. And they were cooked a little more than the medium-rare we ordered. I got the STEAK ROQUEFORT, which comes with a blue cheese sauce and fries. He got the STEAK BORDELAISE with its carmelized onions and red wine sauce. I preferred the onions and his sauce more than the blue cheese. The frites super thin, like onion straws. There was no potato substance at all, it tasted like pieces of fried..nothing? Sad.. . Later that night, we had a 5 dollar steak which we enjoyed more than the 25 dollar steaks at Mon Ami Gabi.
I ate the quiche, potato soup, steak, and burger, and their famous frittes however you spell it.  Everything was alright.  The frittes fries were ok.  They were pretty greasy/oily and crunchy.  It felt like we got the bottom on the fried stacked.  We had an order of it in our meal along with a side, this is why I tasted a difference; not cool.  Our waiter sucked.  He brought us an extra side of ketchup per my friend's request.  I didn't know she already asked him that so I told the waiter to bring 3 more or to bring a bottle.  He said they don't have bottles and laughed.  I wasn't kidding because I love ketchup.  He said he'd bring it but never did.  Then I asked this other worker to bring it.  He was the guy who filled our water cups.  He said he'd bring it, but never did.  Finally I saw another waiter and asked him and he brought one..booo.. The place is alright...
Masayuki threw up after eating at this place. The waitress recommended an "light" dish that was really cheesy (the warm chicken and brie sandwich). It was too much and too rich for him and he threw up! But he really liked the onion soup! I had the seafood crepe. I can tell the shrimp was really fresh because I had allergic reaction after eating it (allergy to fresh shrimp).. It was good though; especially the sauce and there were peas inside the crepe. I thought the shrimp and scallop would be inside the crepe but it was actually outside.
Quaint and bustling place with a great atmosphere especially with outside seating. That said, RELATIVE to all the great food in Las Vegas, the food was not all that memorable. We tried two types of salads and a steakburger. They serve small portions so go if you want a dainty, casual, and somewhat classy meal.. . Three star does not mean I disliked this place, it's just a measure of how impressed I was relative to other restaurants in the area.
I was quite excited when I learned that Mon Ami Gabi served breakfast and brunch. We had eaten here, years ago, for lunch and dinner - and both were good experiences.. . Even though it was a little chilly, we opted to have our Saturday breakfast outside on the patio (they have heaters). The menu looked great. I appreciated that they offered some non-breakfast items (french onion soup, spinach salad, etc.) in addition to the more typical breakfast items. The breakfast items ranged from omelettes to chocolate and bacon waffles to sweet and savory crepes.. . We decided to play it somewhat safe and go with an omelette. I liked that their omelettes had what felt like a French-twist (brie, etc.). When our omelette arrived, everything looked delectable. The omelette came with hash browns, green beans (yeah, green beans), and toasted bread. We also ordered a side of bacon. . . The omelette was very light and fluffy - cooked perfectly. While it had a lot of spinach, I tasted little cheese. And despite being advertised as "spinach and green vegetables", it was just spinach. 2 stars. The green beans (seriously, green beans) were outstanding. I don't know what they were cooked in (there seemed to be a hint of garlic?), but they were awesome. 5 stars. The hash browns were also great. Good balance of crispy and soft - and there were a lot of flavors going on. Definitely no need for hot sauce or ketchup or anything. 4 stars. The bacon looked amazing, but was a bit of a let down. The glaze was incredible, but the bacon itself wasn't crisp enough (despite the menu calling it "crispy bacon") and was too fatty. 2 stars.. . The drinks were nothing special. The mimosa was just your standard mimosa. The bloody mary bar (they bring you the glass and vodka, you visit the ingredient station and create your own drink) was pretty eh. They had standard bloody mary mixes in ice, ok selection of hot sauces, no worcestershire sauce, not enough tongs for everything, etc. 2 stars.. . I so want to give this place 4 stars, but based on our particular meal, I just can't. However, the service and ambiance are definitely 4 stars. And I think we may just have ordered the wrong thing. As we were walking out, we were both drooling over some of the plates at the other tables. We will definitely be back here for breakfast / brunch and hope to eat something better.
Disappointed!. . I came here with friends for lunch and was looking forward to sitting in the patio. Too bad the wait was an hour so we decided to sit inside. Of all the available seats, we were seated next to the door that had a draft. Luckily, the server allowed us to move over one table. . . Warm bread was provided when the server came along. . . We started off with Escargots de Bourgogne ($10.50). It was described as "oven-roasted snails, garlic-herb butter." It was decent. NOT enough butter for my taste and a bit too much garlic. However, dipping the hard bread in the sauce was still okay. Unless you're really craving for escargot, I'd pass on this dish.. . I ordered the Prime Steak Sandwich cooked Medium w/au jus, mustard mayo, caramelized onions ($13.95) and that came with their "signature hand-cut frites."  I think I should have ordered this medium-rare because the steak was not as tender as I would like. Overall, it was a simple sandwich and the sauces complimented well. Their frites were definitely different from what I'm use to. Like most of the reviewers have said, these are borderline potato chips! My friend and I kept calling them a TEASE. It was too thin to fulfill us.... . I would have given this place TWO STARS but the server was engaging and attentive. . . Sooo.....unless I was going to be seated in the patio with a few Bloody Marys in hand, I doubt I'd come back here for lunch.
I was so excited to try the place because walking by the restaurant, the smell of the food wafting out of the restaurant smelled divine and I was craving fish. The atmosphere is quite cozy and chic. It is quite busy so service wasn't terrible but not as good as it could've been. . . I ordered the Escargots de Bourgogne and the Skate Wing. I had not had escargot in a really long time, so I HAD to try it but it was quite a disappointment. The garlic herb sauce for the escargot was extremely buttery to the point where I could feel the butter after wiping my mouth. Definitely not appealing. And the escargot was a bit on the chewy side. When the skate wing arrived the aroma was intoxicating. The texture was very light (similar to a tilapia type fish) and the flavors wasn't too overwhelming. I was not a fan of the capers (a bit on the tart side which was a little off putting with the dish) that came with the fish. The chips (made in-house) were extremely de-lish! Probably would buy a whole bag if I could.. . For fish, this place is fantastic. Great atmosphere. Would definitely want to go back to try some other dishes as I'm a huge fan of french cuisine.
Great location and prices. We went here for brunch, and was a bit underwhelmed. The food was just ordinary breakfast food for an inflated price. There are other more amazing places for cheaper, but it's good in a pinch.
Average food for an average price. No offense but the decorum of the restaurant totally gives off a vibe of a good classy time, but the food just doesn't measure up. . . Ordered the roasted chicken and fritas, the chicken came out too dry. Its a roasted herb chicken, every italian, american restaurant serves some version of this--so you can only manage my disappointment when they screw this up. It was too bland and to sort of juice/sauce component to go with the chicken. . . Do not get the trout. If you eat a lot of seafood, you will be able to tell instantlythe fish is not up to par. The trout came out thin and too over dressed with the lemon and capers. Capers is incredibly overpowering thereby masking any fresh seafood taste this dish might have had. . . The Beef Bourguignon is also another version of beef stew, if that tickles your fancy. . . Bread came in paper bags... enough said. . . Service: moderate, there were times where it was impossible to flag down a waiter/ess.
Mon Ami Gabi has one of the best locations on the strip - right in front of the Paris, with a gorgeous view of the Bellagio fountains.  Unfortunately, they don't take reservations for patio seating and the wait can get pretty long.  We gave up and opted to sit inside as a result.. . In terms of the food, I'd recommend the escargot, French onion soup, and duck confit.  I'd suggest skipping the pate.  Overall, food was OK, but definitely a bit overboard in sodium content.  Most of the dishes were great for the first few bites, but quickly became too rich / too salty.  . . Indoor seating is also extremely dark / stuffy (perhaps an interior remodel, additional lights, new furniture, etc. would help).  Overall, it's a nice place to eat if you're here for the view and manage to snag an outdoor table, but I'm not sure if I'd go out of my way to come back.
What I loved about this place is that, when I had breakfast at street side, we were able to escape the smoke-filled casino and the bustling pace of the city.  We were just able to calm down and enjoy a nice breakfast.. . I ordered a green omelette with spinach and gruyere cheese.  My friends ordered quiche lorraine and eggs benedict.  The eggs benedict was the best dish of the three.  The other two items were kind of lacking in flavor.  Cost of entrees for breakfast runs between $8 and $15.  Definitely not bad!. . Quality of the food was merely okay...everything was good, but nothing was impressive.  Regardless, the location was great and our server was pretty sweet.   But because nothing really impressed me, I don't know if I'd come back to put down more money for lunch and dinner entrees.  But it's a cool place to come for breakfast....and to escape the strip without leaving it.
The location takes the cake for this Lettuce Entertain You restaurant on the strip.  I would highly recommend a reservation; the downside is you can't get a reservation for the patio - the best patio on the Strip - so that's a long wait if you're wanting to do that.. . $260 got the four of us two mid-range bottles of red wine, one salad, four entrees, and one dessert.  I didn't think it was ridiculously overpriced, it's just I would rather eat someplace else.. . The atmosphere was kind of cheesey & touristy, and it was extremely dark in there.  Maybe I'm just getting old, but I could barely read the menu.  The first bottle of wine we got was just straight up rancid; once we asked about it, they were quick to replace it.  The French bread and garlic butter was really good to start out with.. . I had sea bass, it was just OK.  I think the concensus from the table was everything was just OK.  Maybe I expected more?. . Oh, except the bread pudding.  The white chocolate bread pudding was amazing.
Pros: this restaurant literally feels like it's from France, with the old dripping paint on the wall. The service here is excellent. They checked up on us every now and then and refilled my drink every so often. . . Cons: For the amount you pay, the food was decent. I got a seafood crepe, with basically 3 prawns and 2 scallops and a crepe. It was decent, i barely touched my meal. My friends got a quiche and a steak. They said it was decent as well. Your call.. . Overall: It's not a bad place to try if you're up at least $80 :)  lucky for all of us, vegas provides us with that opportunity to gamble huh and win some money! (half-kidding)
5 stars for location - Paris is old-school Vegas and the restaurant has a great ambience.  Can't beat sitting on the patio watching the Bellagio fountains. Service was attentive but kind of ho-hum. We asked if it was possible  for the heater to be turned on, but were given a firm no -  with no explanation. My first two choices on the menu were not available (it was a late reservation, so no blame there) so I had the Skate, which was texturally interesting, and I really enjoyed. The sides were lackluster, and my boyfriend's steak with blue cheese sauce was just average. After the great reviews they had, I guess I expected more than a fairly average meal, but average it was.
Service was decent.  Food was mediocre. View was great!
great view if youre on the patio, but the service leaves a lot to be desired. prices are OK at this place, considering its view. we had a sketchy waiter as well, id figure you could find much better staff in Vegas. wont be back for the service thats for sure. food was good, fries sure dont look like the ones in the pics here. mine were brown and in crumbles
Had reservations for our anniversary 06-04-2011 @ 7:00 and had to wait for a outside patio table as they do not take reservations. Two girls taking the patio reservations extremely rude and unaccomodating when my wife was seated first while I was paying the bar tab; could not be bothered to tell me where they had seated her and I should just go find her. Service started badly with bread and amouse bouche just plunked down on the table with not explanation. Fortunately management came to the rescue with an apology and champagne. Service from there was great and so was the food. As a local there are many places to dine and the initial experience sets the stage.
Wish I could say, it was packed because of the quality of the food.. . Restaurant is right on the strip, in front of Paris, and facing the bellagio fountains. It's all about location, location, location! . . Our party of four came on a saturday night for dinner. Of course it was a full house. We were told it would be an hour wait for inside & an hour and a half for outside. Since it was getting late we opted for whatever was fastest. Thankfully we only waited roughly 45 mins & we were even seated outside :) YAY lucky us!. . Tables and seating arrangements were really narrow. Complimentary bread was pretty yummy - your typical french bread. Except they gave butter and this interesting shredded carrot spread. Oddly enough, it was actually quite good with the bread. LOL!. . I ordered the steak classique with maitre d hotel butter. ($23.95), which is a large thin cut of steak with an herb butter sauce. It was good but nothing outstanding. The meat was a large piece, but thin so when asked for medium, it was more medium well to well done. The fries that accompanied it were overfried & overly crispy.  . . The rest of my party wasn't too impressed as well. They got the filet mignon, steak bordelaise, and scallops. Our table rated the scallops as the best thing that night.. . Ambiance was nice, romantic, but over crowded so it kinda killed the romance. Service was just okay. Kinda had to ask for refills on bread & soft drinks. They were good about refilling water though. Best thing about the place is sitting outside on the patio watching the bellagio show while eating. Would I go back? Surprising to say but probably not. I could have ate better quality & more at a buffet for the price.
I am very conflicted about this place.... . The food was excellent.  Our personal server was polite and helpful.  . . But the host service was dreadful.  And because of that, I'm giving this place only 3 stars where it normally would earn 4 easy, maybe 5 on a good day.  . . Now let me explain.... . We had made reservation for our friend's birthday dinner.  To me, when you make a reservation (especially at a fine dining restaurant like Mon Ami) there are certain expectations that come along with that.  First and foremost, you expect to be seated in a reasonable amount of time.  We sat down at 9:00 for an 8:30 reservation!  Second, you expect the whole process to be relatively hassle-free...you give them your name and they seat at the table that is RESERVED for you.  But instead they handed up a pager and told us to wait.  When the pager went off they told us they could seat us outside (even though we requested indoor seating for the reservation) shortly or indoors in 5 minutes.  Now for most restaurants, I would be a lot more understanding of the hardworking host staff.  But for a place like this, part of the price of the meal goes towards the service offered by the establishment.  I felt we did not get that value on the night we dined.   . . All venting and ranting aside, the ambiance, food, and waiter service were excellent.  I would recommend the warm brie cheese and the sea scallops for hors d'oeuvres.  The bone-in ribeye is excellent, and strongly consider their specials.  Our group tried their roasted orange duck and sea bass, both very good.  . . In closing, chances are, that if you go on any random night, you will have a perfectly pleasant dining experience, but don't be shocked if you find yourself frustrated waiting for your reservation.
Fantastic lunch spot with friends or your loved one. We were seated partly on the border of inside/outside the patio which was comfortable temperature wise with the a/c and outdoor desert heat. Their onion soup could of been hotter and arrived lukewarm at our table which made it difficult for the cheese on top to melt. Other than that, it was good and not too salty. The steak and frittes weren't very memorable nor was the crab cake. The view of the Bellagio fountains and people watching made up for the lunch quality.
This was my first experience at Mon Ami and it was okay I must say. Yes, just okay.. The food was edible. Nothing to tell your friends about. Hostesses did not acknowledge my party of two. We decided to stop at the bar before being seated and she was a charm. Great conversation as well as delicious drinks. I recommend ordering the grape specialty cocktail! So we're seated and we get greeted by a wonderful Albanian server. She makes the experience better, we order, watch the beautiful view of the Bellagio Fountain Show, and end our visit. Overall as I said it was okay. I wouldn't come here again nor recommend this restaurant to anyone.
I ate here late night after an up night of gambling.  I ordered the following:. . Filet Mignon. Seafood Platter. Skate Wing. French Onion soup. . The steak didnt have much flava, even though it was cooked pretty nicely.  That means the meat was not AAAAA+, so veer away from that one.. . The seafood platter was impressive.  It came with an entire lobster, oysters, shrimp, seaweed salad and tuna tartare.  The lobster doesn't come cracked, so prepare to get dirty.  This dish was $$$ but the lobster is def worth it.  My girl and her mommy loved the tuna tartare with big chunks of Ahi and Avo combo!. . Sting ray you say?!  Aye mateeeee!  Def get this one.  The texture is like a more tender version of scallops.. . French onion soup.  This one was in alot of the reviews and it was good.  Heavy on the cheese, and a hint of sweetness from the onions.  But $8 for a small bowl of soup?!  Better get lucky from the tables games then.
Food: 4. Service: 3. Ambiance: 3. . Food: This place has really great french onion soup and I love french onion soup.  Not the best ive had, but its damn close.  My fiance had a burger, it was ok and the steak and frites I had was decent enough.  Recommendation: French Onion soup, Carrot salad (complimentary). . Service: Our waiter that night was friendly and helpful.. . Ambiance: Standard for a restaurant of that caliber.  . . Last words:  Would come back for the soup.
This is one of the first popular Yelp places I've been disappointed with. Hopefully the loud foul mouthed guy at the next table wasn't one of you. First you can't see the fountains across the street unless you can get a coveted patio table. And the inside is quite loud. Our server was nice but would disappear for long stretches. The tables were small and cleared too infrequently. As for the food, my husband and I both enjoyed our steaks. He had the hanger and I had the filet. He liked the pommes frites served on the side, while I would rather have had some other potato entree. They seemed like cheap filler for the plate to me. Skip the country pate (bland) and the cheese plate was uninteresting and the slices quite small. My son's French onion soup was presented beautifully but lacked the salty velvety texture of a good French onion. We had a few cocktails too. A standout was a good stout "french manhattan". Desserts were average as well. My favorite was my husband's profiteroles while the table liked the bananas foster. But I thought the crepes were gummy. Not a repeat!
Over-priced food? I rather have gone to "The Olive Garden," lol. The bread was awesome, steak was okay. Our waitress was overly nice to the point of fakeness. I had great companies though! Overall, I give it 3 stars. :)
Average Las Vegas priced restaurant . Good but nothing special.  House made potato chips were gooey and  the artichoke sauce was like salad dressing. Chopped salad had almost no chicken for the added charge and the popular salmon salad was decent but $18 and good well done salmon that was juicy but nothing special.
the food was great from breakfast from crepes, eggs benedicts, steak and eggs. etc.. and champange breakfast. the service was so-so it took the server forever to refill waters and take our order but the staff was friendly over all and food was great and prices were reasonable
Fine dining in Vegas can be found pretty much everywhere, but this place was special for two reasons in my book: Flavor and the view! Now granted it was by luck that Bellagio's water show can be seen from the deck of this restaurant, but it sure makes for great dinner entertainment! .  . We went here at about 5 p.m. on a Friday afternoon to have dinner before seeing a show, and I was impressed and let down in places, hence the 3 stars. Photos attached to my review of our food, but we had two "house" salads, split a seared salmon with my girlfriend and my mother had a jumbo crab cake plate. The salmon came in a green sauce with peas, and I was BLOWN AWAY! I usually eat salmon at restaurants so I have had my fair share, and this version was brilliant, best I have had in a while. The "house salad" I had on the other hand was overly seasoned with little to no leafy greens (see photo)... And the kicker, for this 6 bite salad, or "Petite" salad as they called it, 7$!!! Also, I tried the jumbo crab cakes of my mothers and they were neither "jumbo" nor that flavorful. My girlfriend also had a drink with Stoli vodka which was 8$, and she asked for Sky...    . . Overall it was enjoyable, mostly from the view, my salmon and the company I ate with, but as I said in the beginning, fine dining in Vegas can be found pretty much anywhere, and considering the amount (or lack there of for 3 people) of food / drinks we had, cost $75, I would try somewhere else...
Great location and upscale bistro environment. Served great french bread and corn relish upon arrival. Had the stuffed pork chops with caramelized onions. Very tasty, albeit very small portion--- 3 slices. The salad was disappointing... unremarkable dressing and lack of presentation. The service was great... our waiter was attentive and informative. It's the cost ratio for me here... basic french... nothing mouth -tingling! If I wanted a steak, I would probably go elsewhere.
Their grilled pork tenderloin here is amazing--and I'm not even a fan of pork!  I recommend getting this dish while here. . . We were also able to get a table facing the Bellagio water show, which was awesome to view.
Very pricy, food didn't match the price, quantity wise portion was small. The French onion soup was yummy, and the pork tenderloin I had was decent. I tasted the steak, very thin, nothing special. My buddy had the fish, not sure which one, but that was very yummy, but pricy. Very good bread. Service was ok.
This place is okay!  Had the skirt steak and was happy!  Best part is people watching while eating dinner on the patio.
I came here with my family and friends during our Vegas trip in July for my sister's birthday/getaway vacation. The restaurant was set in a romantic mood, but definitely a lot of tables around. We got seated right in front of Bellagio's water fountain inside, but unluckily, it started to rain so people outside have to kind of scoot the table in and ours were getting splashed by the umbrellas :[ . I had one of the steak dish, it was cooked medium rare just like how I ordered, but it was a bit heavy on the salt. The meat was a bit chewy once it got cold, so I didnt really want to finish. The "fries" were different, it was interesting. I just wish i had some ketchup to have with it. . It's a great view and romantic setting, but food was just so so. My cousin seemed to like her scallop dish a lot, but the soup of the day that we had was a cold soup. None of us liked it, we literally each tried a spoon of it and sent it back. I guess we're just not used to cold soup. . Service took a bit long since it was pretty crowded. . Did not get a chance to try their desserts, I wouldn't mind coming back one day to do so, just not for a full meal.
My wife and I dined here on our most recent late September trip to Vegas and enjoyed dinner looking out to the Bellagio water show while dining on classic Bistro fare. It seems like every time we come to Vegas we end up here for atleast one meal, even though the food is normally not the best part. The ambiance, view, service and definitely the value are what keep bringing us back again and again. Prices here are very reasonable for food on 'The Strip'. Especially considering the abundance of overpriced, mediocre food paired with poor service that seems to be in abundance in Vegas.. Nestled in the base Eiffel Tower structure located @ the Paris Hotel & Casino, you can enjoy a relaxing meal while looking out at the famed Bellagio water show and pretending your someplace charming in the real Paris, France.. . Dinner begins with complimentary fresh baked Baguette, Butter and a julienned fresh Carrot, Apple & Beet starter that are delicious.. . Appetizer:. . Steak Tartare ($17.95) - Order off menu and made with the filet cut this dish was amazing. Served with Country Toast, Cornichons, Pearl Onions, Whole Grain Mustard and fresh Chives. . . . Entrees:. . Seared Scallops w/ Mushroom Veloute & Grilled Asparagus($21.95)  - Sadly this dish was disappointing. The Scallops were terrible. Bland, under-seared and rubbery. The mushroom veloute was good but couldn't revive the flat Scallops.. . Braised Lamb Shank w/ Orzo Pasta,Goat Cheese, Black Olives and Cherry Tomatoes ($32.95) - Special of the night and my 2nd favorite dish after the Tartare. Lamb was falling offa the bone tender and flavor packed and the Goast Cheese w/ Orzo Pasta was the perfect partner. Amazing.. . SIdes:. . Frites ($4.95) - French Frites served in a cone and shaped in ribbons. Salty, crispy, hot and complimented the Mushroom Veloute and the Braised Lamb Shank perfectly. You can't go wrong with fried food.. . Dessert:. . Profiterole Trio w/ Chocolate, Vanilla & Strawberry Ice Cream ($7.95) -The Ice Cream wasn't fresh and had ice chunks in the the Strawberry portion but the Profiterolles covered in chocolate sauce were delicous.. . Overall we experienced what we have grown to expect at Mon Ami Gabi which is some really good food mixed with some mediocre dishes. . Why come back then you might ask? For the view, the service and the value. Oh and did I mention the view?
My husband and I had lunch here last week.  We were underwhelmed by the menu and ended up ordering the steak sandwich and a burger.  The food was nothing special, but the ambiance in the restaurant was nice.  We did not feel like waiting for a patio table, but I am sure they are lovely.  We were seated quickly in the rook next to the patio, which had plenty of natural light.  . . It was by no means a memorable meal, but it was certainly not the worst meal we've ever had.  I'm not sure that we would return in future trips (mostly because there are SO many places to try in Vegas!)
Came here for my friend's Bachelorette/Bachelor dinner.  Wehad reservations at 6PM for a table of 11 people & we had no trouble getting seated right away. . I'm not really familiar with "French" menu.   My friend & I had a hard time deciding what to order.  We finally decided to get the Roast Chicken & Frites: half chicken, bacon, mushrooms, pearl onion & fries ($19.95).  The chicken was pretty good, I wasn't dry at all.  My friend & I shared the meal & it was more than enough :). The only thing I didn't like were the fries, they weren't really fries, more like chips? . . Overall, everyone seemed to like what they ordered. I would consider going back here and try the other stuff on the menu.
Great atmosphere, with terrific views of the Strip nightlife and the Bellagio fountains. The service was good, the melted goat cheese appetizer exquisite, and the garlic cream soup du jour wonderful. The entrees were mediocre, though, with my wife's trout amandine just okay with little flavor, and my steak frites a major disappointment. I was expecting true French steak frites, and this came nowhere close. My steak au poivre was chewy and flavorless, and the fries were like bland potato chips, with none of the traditional French flavor found in a true French bistro.
The food was ok. I was expecting a much better piece of steak. We ordered the hanger steak and the classic steak. Both was alright but nothing to get excited about or wanting to come back for more. I definitely think they should substitute some of the fritas for steamed veggies. More than half of the plate was the fritas. The view was nice from the patio. Overall it was a nice experience but most likely I won't be coming back again for dinner.
Came here for dinner with my boyfriend the last night of our trip. I chose this restaurant over Sugar Factory because I was really craving a steak. . . We were seated right away, inside. But they took us to a table right next to the patio, so we could see the Bellagio fountains. I ordered the mushroom soup to start off with. It was really good, especially dipping the bread in it! I ordered the hanger steak medium. My boyfriend ordered some sort of fish. He realized that he had made a mistake when he did that. Nevada is a desert, nowhere is there an ocean. Therefore, the fish wasn't as fresh as he would have liked it to be (we're from the San Francisco Bay Area, fresh fish caught and served to you at restaurants there). . . I'm a huge fan of the frites and my steak tasted really good, so I don't have much to complain about. The only thing was that our waiter seemed a little...stuck up. I don't know if that was supposed to go along with the theme of the restaurant or what, but he just seemed as if we weren't good enough to be dining at that restaurant. I don't know, it was weird.
I am not familiar with the French restaurants, but I guess this place is ok. escargot could have been cooked better though.
Booking a table? Beware! Indoor tables are open for reservations. The patio and conservatory are not. For those wanting to forgo the dark, atmospheric inner room for the bright, light buzz of the other dining areas, be ready to wait the standard 20 minutes. . . I love that the interior does actually feel a little French, if not a little Disneyesque-French. The service is thoroughly American: friendly and completely casual. The food seems to be a hit-or-miss. And the lunch menu is not too exciting for food lovers.. . Our appetizers--baked cheese and onion soup au gratin--were filling, hearty and verrrrrry tasty! Our mains offered a totally different experience. The croque monsieur, sadly, was notat all hearty or rustic. If you're hoping it'll be an oven-toasted pairing of tasty French bread and gorgeous ham, don't. It's basically sub-par toasted ham and cheese sandwich, storebought sliced bread to boot. The steak sandwich was flavorful but already cold upon arrival. Fries here are unique. They are so thinly sliced that they're actually like chips/crisps--not like what I remember of bistro fries in France.. . Go here for the cute outdoor and conservatory seating, and view of the Bellagio fountains. Food is decent and filling--but nothing to write home about.
Celebrated 2 birthdays here! Yay! We made reservations and were seated right away. There was a 1 hr wait to sit outside where you are right on the strip but we came to eat not to be seen stuffing our faces and loosening our belts. . . Appetizer: Ordered the chicken liver pate as it was suggested by the waiter but they accidentally served us the country pate. Well, we accidentally ate 3/4 of it before the waiter noticed and replaced it for the correct one. (YAY, since we got to try both for free!!!) . . French onion soup - Wow, this is meant for sharing!!. 1 1/2 ft Baguette - love warm bread. NY Steak w/handcut fries - perfectly cooked medium rare as I requested. I should mention that my plate looked like I ordered fries w/ a side of steak. I don't think anyone at our table finished the fries!. . Steak was good and the pate was good but not exceptional that I would rave on and on about. But if you want a decent meal for a good price then this is the spot. 3.5 stars from me.
It's so difficult to pick a place to eat in Vegas with the multitude of options. I guess a packed house, like one is sure to see at Mon Ami, is a good sign.. . I found the bread to be stellar and a cute display (served as baguette style, as one would find in France; although in France, they don't have paper bags for their baguettes. I'm just sayin'). I had beef bourguignon and I bet even Julia Chiles would be proud of this version. Although, she might have been disappointed by my noodles that were waaaaaaay too soft.. . I'm pretty disappointed by my cocktail. How can a French restaurant mess up a French 75? . . The ambiance was nice with the heaters, the music and the Bellagio fountain show. I did feel a bit crowded on the patio though. There was little space to move. . . All in all, I would like to have my money back to try an equally expensive restaurant with a higher quality food and experience. You know Vegas has it. When you find it, let me know.
For being in the center of the strip, it was surprisingly good. Service was better than the food, and there were many options to choose from.
The atmosphere here is spectacular, especially with a view of the Bellagio fountains, but the food just did not live up to all of the hype. The meal started off with some nice sangria, a delicious baguette, and french onion soup, but went slightly downhill.. . Frangria - If they're known for sangria, I am going to try it, and this place delivered on it. It was nicely sweet with all of the fruit bits soaking in it but still strong enough. I just wish it was a bit cheaper.. . French Onion Soup - This was the standout of the meal. It had plenty of onion flavor and a huge helping of Gruyere cheese! I actually really loved this and another bonus is that it's huge. It definitely feeds two people, no problem. . . Steak Bearnaise - The steak was chewy to the point that both the bf and I had to spit out a couple of pieces. The Bearnaise was actually cold, and from my understanding, it is supposed to be served room temperature. It wasn't very flavorful either. The frites that came with them were unexpectedly thin, but quite good. They reminded me of those little fried potato matchsticks you can buy in a tin from supermarkets. Ahh childhood nostalgia.  . . Sea Scallops (entree) - I had actually ordered the appetizer version, with caramelized fennel and onion marmalade, but they mixed up my order and out came the entree with butternut squash puree and brussels sprouts. The scallops were cooked very well but everything else on the plate was not great. Perhaps this is because I'm not a fan of brussels sprouts. Also, the butternut squash puree was light and not an overpowering flavor, but again, didn't enjoy it so much.. . The staff here was wonderful and thankfully they didn't charge me extra for the mix up. The waitress did ask if I wanted to send the scallops back for the actual appetizer but I thought I would give the entree a shot. I must say I regret that a bit.  . . I may give this place another shot in the future, but for now, my only recommendation for this place would be the bread, french onion soup, and sangria. Also, make a reservation ahead of time as this place can be pretty busy.
Made reservations for 4. Luckily we did, 'cause their line for walk-ins was getting pretty dang long when we arrived. For starters, we shared a half order of the mussels mariniere with white wine and herbs. Very yummy. Can't really go wrong with them mussels! I also ordered their four-mushroom soup on the side. Also, very yummy.. . The service is a bit slow because it's a fancy sit-down restaurant. But we munched on the bread while we waited for our entrees to come. 3 of us ordered steak. The Steak Classique with butter, the Steak Au Poivre with brandy and peppercorn, and the Steak Bordelaise with caramalized onions and red wine. Each steak dish came with frites. And their frites were amazing! It's like well-done in-n-out fries. Or string-like thin potato chips! . . The steak itself was thin, tender, and bit. But I've had better steak. The sauces could be better as well.... . Don't know if I can give them 4 stars. The ambiance is nice but the food isn't all that memorable... If I go back, I think I will try their breakfast menu instead...
Great view of the Bellagio fountains and the food is solid French Bistro cuisine. With all of the amazing restaurant options Vegas has to offer, I can't justify giving this place a 4 but I would rank it as a 3.5. The food is solid and the price point is very fair for a restaurant on the strip with such a great view.. . I came here for lunch and there's a nice selection of crepes, sandwiches, and lunch entrees. The french fries here are the super thin crunchy kind so that was one of my favorites.
3.5 stars. . I ordered a cup of onion soup and the Salmon and my boyfriend ordered the steak with bordelaise sauce. The portions were very big but the food itself was not amazing. It reminded me of typical food you could get from a chain restaurant, but it was in no way bad. I love how the restaurant is right in front of the Bellagio hotel so you get a great view of the water show every 15 minutes. The restaurant is also very dimly lit and romantic. The .5 stars off was mainly for the slow service.
For our third night in Vegas, we headed to Mon Ami Gabi.  Now I wasn't quite as excited as my friends because we have one at home in Bethesda.  They sat our group in the patio room which had a great view of the Bellagio water show.  It was exceptionally dark though.. so much that we needed to pull out our cell phones to read the menu.  Mood lighting I suppose.  Our waiter was full on with the theme and right off the boat from France.  He might as well have been named Pierre, wore a beret and a little scarf, and had on a black and white striped shirt.  It was really too cute.  I was SUPER disappointed, however, when he told me that the only duck and lamb options were available on a single day of the week... not Saturday.  I considered having Chilean sea bass for a third night in a row, but instead went with the Seared Atlantic Salmon with pommes puree, mushrooms, pearl onions, red wine sauce for $19.95.  It was a great sized portion and they cooked the salmon to perfection (extremely rare).  My friends ordered the brie (which I'm never a fan of) and the mac and cheese for side dishes.  I was not impressed with the mac and cheese and stopped after a small bite.  It tasted like anything I could have made at home.  Nothing special.  My adorable waiter does get extra points for helping me to select a great wine that fit my taste buds.  He also explained the difference between French and South American Sauvignon Blanc.. complete with a map!  Dinner was great and I'd go back.. just in my hometown and go somewhere a little more unique for Vegas next time.
We came here for dinner. I would give them 2-stars, but they gave us a comp cream puff with lit candle in place to celebrate our friend's birthday. So, that was really sweet of them. Also, their service rocked. So no 2-stars, instead 3-stars.. . Their food is definitely let's-serve-"french food"-to-these-tourists sort of food. Although, they serve some fresh and warm french baguettes to start. (The comp bread is nicely paired with butter and pickled carrots. Yumsizzles.). . The steak that they're so well-known for are fillets... FILLETS. That means the meat isn't succulent and is rather how do you say.. super dry. Also they're really expensive at $25 or more a pop. My friend got the steak with bernaise sauce ($25).. . The french onion soup was passable. I can make better. It was on the salty side. ($9). . The scallops with butternut squash and brussel sprouts were imbalanced, both far too sweet and far too bitter. They were supposed to complement each other, but in my opinion, just didn't work.. . The french fries here are ninja-cut crazy fries, more like a hybrid between a chip and a fry. They're thin, messy, and far too crispy. You may like it, but I did not enjoy them since I was expecting french fries. They are paired with each steak course.. . All in all, pretty mediocre food for the price tag. I'd head elsewhere. After all Vegas is a meccaof good eats.
The restaurant itself is nice and the service was great.  The baked cheese appetizer was really good, but very rich. I got the crab cake appetizer as an entree and could not even eat it, fishy and gross! My boyfriend got the salmon which I tasted, it was okay but nothing special.  Maybe we just ordered the wrong stuff but I really wasn't impressed :(
This place has a 5 star location in terms of view. In terms of wait time it and chaos, it probably only gets a 1 star. The architects designing this place clearly had no concept of crowd control. Trying to get in and out was ridiculous. Combine that with the bathroom being outside the restaurant; it was miserable trying to push through the crowds to get out and wash my hands.. . Reservations were easy to make on my Yelp iPhone app via Opentable. We showed up; was seated after a lengthy delay (they DO NOT honor your reservation time!). Our server was super nice and made sure our side dishes were low on the calories and cooked in olive oil and not butter after conferring with the chefs.. . Bread and butter plus a fennel apple salad appetizer was placed on the table. When I knocked over Hubs' freshly poured glass of wine, they were nice enough to replace it. We both ordered steak frites; cooked well and the portions were huge. . . We also tried the french onion soup which was a solid hit.. . Touristy and crowded.
After a pre-Christmas trip to Vegas, my mom and I made our usual pilgrimage to Mon Ami for lunch. The ambiance is still the same, great views of the strip and the people walking by (who needs to pay $75 for a show when you can see a guy dressed like a knock off Woody the Cowboy walk by?).  I have to say, I was kind of disappointed on this trip. I ordered my usual Croque Monsieur and when it came out, it was about half the size it used to be. Not only that, but it tasted completely different. They added another piece of bread to the top of it which is kind of unnecessary but I went with it. Something about the sauce was totally off too. It tasty grainy and bland...nothing like it usually tastes. The service was meh too. I hope on my next annual trip I'll have a better review and that I just hit them on a bad day cause this really has been one of my Vegas staples for a long time.
Whenever we're in Vegas, we have dinner at Mon Ami Gabi, our favorite restaurant in Vegas.  We were there for Thanksgiving dinner this year and had an outstanding turkey dinner. So, knowing that turkey was again on the menu and we would be in Vegas for Christmas, we happily made reservations at Mon Ami for 6:30 PM on Christmas Day.  . With reservations, the wait is minimal.  And, so it was this Christmas Day.  We were seated by a window overlooking the famed Bellagio Water Fountains.  We settled in for a romantic dinner.  The server, who (and I kid you not) was the spitting image of Flo from the Progressive car insurance commercials.  She flew by and said, "We're out of turkey."  Huh?  How can you be out of turkey at 6:30 PM on Christmas Day? We had much a much later reservation on Thanksgiving and there was plenty of turkey then.  . When the server returns, we tell her how disappointed we are about the turkey.  We were looking forward to their excellent turkey dinner for Christmas.  She didn't apologize. She shrugged and asked for our order.  We asked for a couple more minutes and it was obvious by the look she gave us that she wasn't happy with us.. We decided to have appetizers (oysters for me, salad for hubby) and split a steak with pommes frites.  After she took our order, we overheard another server telling his table about the evening's specials.  We then realized our server had never mentioned them to us.  . When hubby saw the manager, Constantine, walking by, he asked him to stop by our table.  We shared how disappointed we were not to have turkey on Christmas.  He profusely apologized and told us we had every right to be upset. he had already received complaints about running out of turkey.  He said someone in the back had not ordered enough turkey for the weekend.  He wanted to make it up to us when the check came.  . Hubby had asked for a glass of ice when he ordered his wine.  When the server came back with the appetizers, he reminded her that he still didn't have his glass of ice.  She promised to bring him one as soon as possible.  As she walked past me, I heard her say, "Christ!"  Finally, halfway through dinner, the glass of ice came.. After dinner, we asked the server to see the dessert menu.  I asked for coffee while we waited for the menu.  I got my coffee and we waited and waited.  Finally, she comes not with the menu but with our check.  When hubby reminded her that we wanted to have dessert, she said, "You said you didn't want dessert, only coffee."  Not wanting to argue, we asked for the menu again.  By the time it came, I was ready to leave.  Dinner was a big disappointment.  . Constantine, however, came through.  He gave us a 50% discount off our meal.  We thank you, Constantine.  You were a class act!  . Yes, we'll come back.  Their food is delicious and their location is perfect.  We're chalking the experience to an off night.  Every restaurant has one and unfortunately we were there for Mon Ami Gabi's.
Met the familia in Vegas for Xmas reunion and picked this spot for our Xmas dinner. Made a reservation for 9 ppl way in advance (thankfully since they were not taking walk ins till past 10 pm!). . . I never understood why restaurants refuse to sit a group until the whole party arrives. My PIL got a little lost and so we were seated a tad late but at least they didn't give up our table! ^_^. . Our server Sarah was excellent and the bussers were great too. Food came out pretty steadily after we ordered. The food came in massive portions and are very well priced! . . I tried:. . Fries - most of the mains came with their house cut fries that were more like potato chips! Crispy and quite addictive.. Crab Cakes - Not very good at all, mushy and blah.... Escargot - Very good. Duck Confit - Great flavours but not a confit, the skin was not crispy and fat was not rendered off.. Steak Classique - Steak was a little grizzly, the butter compound was delicious. Steak Bernaise - Steak was tough and chewy, bernaise was OK but a bit broken.. Roast Chicken - very good.. Rib eye - Seasoned very well, cooked to right temperature but grizzly. Salmon - Tad overdone but the spinach was amazing. Cod (Fish of the day) - Very good and cooked well. Scallops - Best dish of the night, even with the sweet butternut squash puree it was good.. Crepe - Good. Creme Brulee - blah.... Profiteroles - meh... . Not so descriptive since I pretty much tried every dish on the table (my family is great like that!!).
Lovely breakfast place and good for people watching. The fountains don't start till 3 but if you can get patio after that there is a good view. Food was moderately pricy but good portion size.
Meh? The only thing truly worth the hype at this restaurant is the view of the Bellagio fountains. We got to see the show every 20 minutes as we sat on the outside patio under some heat lamps.. . We got a steak and a pear salad, and it was decent but quite pricey. For example, the salad was slightly over $10 and for that price I would've expected a large salad that could actually serve as a meal. Instead, it was more like a side dish. I think some mention large portions, but this is not true at all. The steak dish did come on a large plate, but 75% of the dish was filled with frites, a ton of tiny little thin cut and crispy fries. Not really my favorite kind, especially in that quantity.. . This is a fancy yet affordable place for business meetings and group get-togethers, but make sure you get a reservation if coming during a busy season like CES. There is also still a line for reservations, but it's much better than waiting in the non-reservation line.. . I probably wouldn't come here again as I could just watch the fountain show for free and with an even better view, and the food is not worth returning for.
Knowing exactly what this place is - will help manage your expectations.  It's good, with a very crowded and nice bustling atmosphere.  Very good service and generous wine pours however the food is as expected for a large, strip showcasing restaurant.  We found it  typical chain restaurant fair.    A $45 (or $54, I can't remember) Bone in Rib Eye - was totally sub-par.  Cooked correctly but without aged beef flavor and texture. Lacked serious substance a good steak should have.  Accompanying Bearnaise was light and tasty.  Mussels had great flavor but were teeny tiny and many of the shells were empty.  . . Bread was served nicely and was tasty as was the butter.  Pomme Frites were delish and just salty enough.  . . As I said, if you manage your expectations, this place will not disappoint.  Fun and touristy but lacking real foodie substance.
Mon Ami Gabi is definitely a good spot for tourists taking pictures and enjoying view of Bellagio fountain. Price is quiet fair if we are talking about strip price here. Food is really average in my opinions. I choose this place because I got friends visiting from oversea. Of course, they would love to see views of  Bellagio fountain and Eiffel tower when dining. . . Onion soup: tasted good and not too salty which i like and with lots cheese. Escargot: less seasoned and boring (very disappointed) to a big escargot fan!. Crab cake: tasted fresh and light with good flavors. Filet Mignon: meat quality was pretty good, juicy and tender (perfect medium rare). Seared Scallop: perfect done and tender but sauce was really average (no wow). Duck confit: duck meat was done juicy and tender, however I was not a fan of t dish sauce . . Overall I gave 3 stars to their food, 3 stars to their services and 4 stars to the" VIEW". . Will I come back again? The answer will be yes, when I have tourist friends in town.
Many people recommended Mon Ami Gabi to me for some time.  I decided to give this place a whirl and have dinner for my friend's birthday here.. . I made reservations for our party of 4 for a Sunday night at 6:30pm on opentable.com.  Outdoor patio seating which has a view of the Bellagio water show is available but I believe it's on a first come, first serve basis.  We were lucky enough to get an inside table that had that view.  Note: they will not seat you until your entire party is present.  . . The steaks were usually recommended to me.  I decided to order steak classique ($24.95).  I wanted a smaller piece of steak and our waitress made these steaks sound appealing saying that they were pounded down to about half an inch thick and would be extremely tender.  I ordered it medium rare, but it was more along the lines of medium well which had very little pinkness to it.  It was a bit tough and wasn't flavorful as I expected.  I had a bite of my friend's filet and that was delicious.  If I would've gotten that, Mon Ami would've received another star from me.  The accompanied fries were DELICIOUS.  The fries were cut thin and deep fried until crispy and very few soft pieces remained.. . As an appetizer, we ordered the Escargot de Bourgogne ($10.95) which was yummy.  Six pieces of escargot was marinated in a garlic herb butter sauce which also made great dipping sauce for the bread.. . Our waitress was nice but the servers were usually the ones that were more helpful.  I told the hostess that we were celebrating a birthday.  They brought him a small dessert with a candle (he didn't like us singing happy birthday lol).. . Keep in mind, dinner is long and there is a lot of wait time between dishes.  I believe our dinner took more than two hours therefore don't dine here if you're crunched on time.. . P.S. Think twice if you're ordering a drink. My friend ordered a Hennessy & 7up which he though was a bit watered down.  Turns out the drink was $21.
Steak wasn't cooked the way I asked. And it was super thin like paper. It still tasted good and everything. But there was barely any red when I cut into it. Red is where the flavor's at, yeah?!. . Came with some really small fries. But they were really small so they didn't really have any potato taste. It was like eating pure crunch texture. So texture wise, it was wonderful but there wasn't any flavor to get my mouth watering.. . Great atmosphere though. Wonderful decorum, as expected of a Vegas restaurant. But skip this place, dine at the Eiffel Tower restaurant and get a spectacular view.. . Or better yet, head over to Earl of Sandwich in Planet Hollywood next door for a cheaper alternative and an equally delicious sandwich. =)
A restaurant with a great view but subpar food.  . . This restaurant is located right across from the Bellagio grand water show and while they are situated in the prime spot (we were in the patio area too), it was NOT distracting enough from the lacklustre dishes they served.. . The beef bourguignon was too salty for my liking and the dish was amazingly tiny for the price.  The steak roquefort with blue cheese was thin and not the best cut of meats.  It was tough and salty as well.  . . This place had all the ingredients for a great dine out experience with the perfect view and exceptional one-on-one service but I can't believe they couldn't deliver on the food.
Ok food for the price.  Crab risotto was a special dish that day, and it was way undercooked. giving it a 3 for the atmosphere and service.
came here for dinner on our last night..i wished it was better but it was just ok to me... . ordered:. -oysters-i haven't had oysters in a while so i thought these were good. -smoked salmon-i didn't get the chance to try it but everyone liked this. -filet mignon merlot-my order..i thought it was ok.. over the half the plate were frites! . -prime rib-good not great. -sea scallops-this was good too. i don't remember what else we ordered.. but what i do remember is the apple slaw they served with the bread.. i liked that a lot! . . i wouldn't come back for dinner but i wouldn't mind trying this place again for brunch/lunch on the patio so i could have a view of the bellagio water show..
I really wanted to like this French bistro but it didn't live up to all the great Yelp reviews. Sometimes Yelp let's me down.. . We arrived here for lunch without reservations. The hostess offered either an one hour wait for the outside seating or no wait for dining inside. It's a no brainer, we will dine inside to satisfy out cravings for some fine French cuisine. The highlight of MAG is the authentic French bistro setting. You feel like you are dining in the middle of Paris. . . The service was just average at best. Our waiter was very nonchalant  and seem to be a little impatient when we asked questions about the menu. The lowlight of the MAG dining experience was when the server pretty much threw the creme brulee on the table. Seriously, is this the stereotyped rude French attitude that is expected? I guess I got a taste of the real French experience in terms of service.. . I ordered the steak classique with maitre d'hotel butter sauce. I found the steak to be really dry and tough to chew. The herb butter sauce was good but it couldn't mask the very thinly dryed out piece of steak. However, I tried out a piece of the filet mignon with butter red wine reduction sauce and it was excellent. The wine reduction was amazing and the filet mignon was very tender as expected.. . Overall, the view from the patio is unbeatable sitting across the Bellagio fountains if you are willing to wait for it. But, the service and steak frites were disappointing. I'm willing to try their brunch menu next time when I come back to Vegas. Although, I'm incline to try out the competition, Bouchon.
I would have given them 5 stars, but then I started thinking about all my visits there and then i started taking the stars away.. . I have been here quite a few times because it WAS one of my favorite steak restaurants here in town and its quite affordable.. First time I tried Mon Ami, we got seated at the patio and it was perfect day to sit outside. . I ordered a Filet Minot merlot and it was pretty dang great.  It came with frites (almost like fries) but crunchier.  I just fell in love with the place. (Hence, I wanted to give it five stars). . Then stars started going down:. I came here with friends (group of 4-7) a couple of times and I must saythe service was absolutely horrible.  . One Time: They treated us like we were there to make trouble and always forgot any requests we asked.  Also,  they kept getting our orders mixed up and when we finally got our food, one of my friends order was completely wrong.  They did not even apologize to her.   We had to keep flagging them down to refill our waters & wine.  We couldnt wait to leave the place and it took our server a long time to get the check even though we asked for it like FIVE TIMES! One of my friends even left our server a little note on the receipt how badly he treated us. . . Anyways:  . I usually order the steak classique with merlot butter (medium rare) and I always enjoy their steaks it never cease to impress me how good it is.  . . . Tip: I always put in a request to get a carrot salad, anyone who goes here should try the carrot salad! its really delicious! .  Always make sure you have reservations because every single time i go to Mon Ami, it is packed & make sure youre whole party is there because they will not sit you unless everyone is present.
Mon Ami Gabi, what a popular place for Las Vegas visitors.  I was informed about the place on recommendation from my sister.  Many people pass by the place and see the outdoor patio and think to visit the location.  They have also many other locations throughout America which might also give them some word of mouth.  Reservations were made on Open Table with request to be seated indoors as close to the windows as possible to view the Bellagio fountains.  Reservations were for 7, arrived at 640 and was immediately seated at the table requested.  I'm gonna take more advantage of Open Table from now on specifically because of this!. . The place has a dark romantic atmosphere, a little loud but still nice.  The rustic french feel added to the ambiance.  For food, I had the mussels marinere while K had the steak au poivre.  I regret not going for a steak.  Mon Ami Gabi is well known for their steaks and it seemed like many people in the restaurant either had some kind of steak of the mussels.  The mussels themselves were very big, hearty mussels but the flavor of the broth wasn't as infused as I'd like.  On top of that, the frites that Mon Ami serves were basically deep fried potato chips.  They were insanely thin and had not meat to them to give that starchy flavor to balance whatever  you are eating.  K had the steak which was tender and yummy with the sauce that was poured on top, for $25, this was a pretty good deal for right on the strip. . For desert, bananas foster crepe with vanillaice and creme fraiche.  Great desert, with the perfect mix of the banana foster mixed with a crepe.. . -1 star for the service: our waiter was a little creepy, awkward and talked to us strangely, his timing was really off. . Overall, an immensely popular restaurant that I wouldn't attempt to revisit without a reservation, a good spot for a reasonably priced steak on the strip with a great view of the Bellagio fountains.
Hostesses were a bit snobby, which was annoying considering we had a reservation, were there early, and were dressed appropriately (as opposed to several people we saw in jeans and flip flops, for dinner!). . Service was good but almost TOO fast!  We got our food extremely quickly and that was a bit of a bummer because we felt rushed and didn't get to savor our special meal.  French onion soup was delicious, very cheesy.  My husband had the much recommended Filet Minot Merlot and it did not disappoint.  I ordered scallops with butternut puree and brussel sprouts.  The butternut puree and brussel sprouts were very yummy. The scallops had little taste and I didn't finish them.. . Last time I was in Vegas we ate at the Lakeside in the Wynn and I would recommend it over this place for a truly special adult night on the town.  Although the view of the Bellagio fountains is a nice bonus!
I gave Mon Ami Gabi another try recently after a horrific experience the last time I was there a few years ago (the waiter didn't take a food allergy seriously and didn't check with the kitchen). I realize that staff may come and go and my last experience wasn't the fault of the restaurant itself, so I gave it another chance because my girlfriend wanted to try it.. .  The food probably won't be the most memorable part of your experience here; I'd venture to say it'll be the atmosphere. If you sit outside on the patio, you'll have a great view of the fountains at the Bellagio and plenty of people watching in the meantime. . .  The prices are pretty reasonable given the location ($25 steak+fries) and the food does a reasonable job of representing the sort of fare you'd expect in a french cafe if it were cooked by an american chef that had learned to prepare the food by reading the menu. . .  The service on my latest visit was much better. The waiter (Manuel according to the receipt) actually checked with the kitchen about my allergy and was back to me promptly with the confirmation that they do in fact (rather unusually) make their french onion soup with chicken stock (a bizarre allergy, I know). . .   My last visit mostly redeemed previous experiences and I'll probably give Mon Ami Gabi another go in the future if for no other reason than the view.
Had a decent experience here.  Made a reservation and was seated within about 10 minutes.  Had a pretty nice seat, inside, but against the glass wall over looking the strip.  Was seated at one of those tables for two that are weirdly small and low to ground.  Really uncomfortable to sit at.  Food was ok.  Onion soup was great except for it's zero salt content  I salted it and it fixed it.  My wife enjoyed the snails.  My steak flavorful but the fry/chip/things that came with it were odd and hard to eat with any enjoyment.  My wife had the scallop appetizer for her entree and it was a complete rip off.  It was ONE scallop sliced into three to look like 3 scallops with some cheese and sauce.  Our waiter was really creepy and possibly condescending at the same time.  And no, it wasn't because we complained at all, it just how he was ::shiver::
Mon Ami Gabi was right next door to our hotel, and we were starving so we gave it a try.  The interior and exterior is beautiful.  Although it's a French joint, I ordered a bacon cheese burger of all things.  I have to say it was cooked perfectly and was very tasty.  I liked almost everything about Mon Ami Gabi.. . The one thing I didn't like, was our frat boy server.  I think he though the was being witty, but he was really just rude.  He kept poking at someone in our party who did not want to order food, and it was a bit annoying.. . Our table happened to be next to the beverage station, and I overheard him talking to other servers, and literally yelled at them to speak English instead of Spanish.  Yes right in front of the customers.  I thought it was totally disrespectful and uncalled for.  It kind of ruined my experience.  The service itself was fine, but I don't think I'll go back.
Was in the mood for some Crepes Sunday Am and decided if I went early I would beat the post Patty's Celebration Crowds. Perfect plan I tell you, about 830 straight to a table street side. A little disappointed in the lack of Crepes on the menu as they had only Deseret Crepes. However my server explained that "thin pancakes" are really big crepes.. . I opted for the lemon and fruit "thin pancakes", with a double shot espresso and a fruit cup on the side. . . Espresso - Wow, I was super disappointed as I was imagining myself sitting in Paris sipping espresso in a cafe. This espresso was really bad. It was made perfectly (texture and color) but was bitter and just a bad roast. Now I am sort of a espresso snob coming from Seattle however I don't feel that having high expectations for espresso in a French Cafe is too much to ask. I expected an artisan roast and something very smooth, wrong.. . Now the thin pancakes were excellent. I was very happy with the flavor but the sheer size literally made me think this is so not French. It was massive and wasteful when it came to pure size of the pancakes themselves, however it was pretty stingy on the fruit topping (possibly 3 strawberries slices up). The flavor was very good and would have seemed somehow even better, if it were in short supply making me savor each bite. However with this huge portion it I ate until I was very full and still sent back half a plate of food. . . Overall a good experience but if you are a French Bistro in a French themed hotel; they might want to send the manager to France, Paris in particular, to see how the french really eat and live. It seems like a French Claim Jumpers or something when it came to portions, and a  jip of a coffee pastry place. I think they need to focus a little more on trying to serve great food and minimize the portions to a reasonable level and stop trying to be everything to everyone. I imagine accommodating the fanny pack crowd is a challenge as you have to to make ends meet on the strip however, most fanny packers are not ordering the thin pancakes and espresso. Do the IHOP thing on the American items but make some crafted products for people who are real foodies. You don't have to totally sell out to make the dollar.. . As far as price, I was a little surprised considering the $25.00 bill with $5 tip. $30 for crepes and espresso? I think the espresso was $7 which actually made it even worse than the taste. I might go again, but I might not. Probably better places to fit my cravings when I get them.
I went here for breakfast with a group.  First off, no seating of incomplete parties.  I don't see that as a negative, but some may.. . We got a great table outside and got to people watch til our hearts were content while gnawing on some tasty food.  I got the standard fare of 3 eggs with toast and bacon and coffee.  Unfortunately, it's pretty hard to go much higher than 3 stars for that or much lower. (OK, it's not hard to go lower, but it's pretty tough to screw that up)  The bacon was actually amazingly good - nice and thick cuts with what my burned out palate detected as somewhat maple-y as well.  The eggs were fine as was the toast and potatoes.  . . Perhaps, on another drunk weekend, I'll stop in and be more adventurous.
We dined here on a Monday evening. I had made reservations through Open Table and requested a romantic table for our 20th anniversary. They sat us in a two top right in the window overlooking the casino. Other than that, things went swimmingly. The Skate wing in lemon and caper sauce was great even if the server didn't quite know how to describe it. The food came out amazingly fast, almost too fast. They did bring us a dessert for our anniversary which was nice. I would have liked to sit out on the patio, but it was raining. the Inside of the restaurant is very pretty, but i would expect as much fro a Richard Melman property. I would go again.
Had a nice dinner here with the manfriend and all of his staff.  The service was ridiculously slow...like we got in at 6:30 and left at 9:00 slow.. . We ordered a seafood platter and the best thing was the ahi tuna salad and seaweed salad.  AMAZING. I could eat those all day.. . I had the scallops and they were ok...nothing too spectacular.. . The bread is AMAZING!!! So warm and soft.. . I would give it another try but maybe for brunch.. . The view is nice.  We sat out on the patio and had a great view of the fountain.
I wanted to LOVE Mon Ami Gabi, I really did. They seemed very gluten free-friendly with a huge gf menu online. At the restaurant, not so much. The gluten free bread they served was two pieces of Udi's Gluten Free Bread that I buy every week at the store grilled with butter, NOT impressed. Ordered the Steak Classique which was cooked as ordered, the butter sauce was flavorful but would have liked it on the side better. Frittes were okay, a little overdone and very hard to eat. Husband had the Char special with pureed asparagus which he liked. I was most disappointed in the service. Server had NO personality, was not light with us when we tried to have conversation and seemed to care less we were there. He refused to take empty plates off the table, the bread plate didn't get cleared until the end of the meal (pet peeve). Felt like we were rushed in and out and were stuck at a tiny table in a dark corner (dark enough you couldn't read the menu or SEE your food).
A good view to people watch on the Strip.  It is across from Bellagio so a dinner reservation outside on the patio gives you a free fountain show to go along with dinner.  The Waite staff was very good and there were some good options on the menu.  A pretty good wine list as well.  It gets pretty busy for dinner so a reservation is suggested.
We waited for about 30 minutes on a Sunday noon. The wait time was reasonable but the hostess told us different when we checked in with her. She first told us the table was ready and we should stand on the side and she'll call us,  then after 10 minutes we checked with her again and she said things got switched around...so we ended up waiting longer and in the mean time and ppl behind us al l got seated.. . The food was great tho. Steak sandwich was the highlight. The brunch was good too - blueberry French toast, strawberry waffles are my favorites. Service was okay. The waiter never came to refill waters....  . . Overall it is worth trying if you gave never been. But the service depends on when you go and the waiter you get.
Food -  We ordered Onion Soup, Frisee & Warm Bacon Salad and Beef Bordelaise. . Onion Soup - was OK but a bit on the salty side. Generous portion and definitely was not stingy on the onions. The beef stock was salty and does not have that rich buttery aroma to it.. . Frisee & Warm Bacon Salad - It was light and refreshing. It was simple yet delicious. The soft-poached egg mixed nicely with the citrus vinaigrette. The portion is on the small side.. . Beef Bordelaise - Steak was nicely prepared - medium rare as we have asked for. The potato chips on the side was impressive but a bit too salty to eat alone. . . Ambience - Will definitely ask for an outdoor seat next time. The lights for the indoor seating was poor and not suitable for taking "foodie" pictures :P
View and location are great. It was especially convenient because I was staying in the hotel. It wasn't the easiest process to make a reservation, the girls at hostess stand weren't the friendliest. When we got downstairs at our reservation time we still had to wait about 15 minutes. It was a little awkward because the bar was full of other people waiting, and we were a group of 7 waiting in a cramped dining area. There should be some additional seating by hostess stand for waiting or a better receiving/waiting area. . . Once we were seated it took a while for our waiter to come to us. We had to request bread. Took a while for the drinks to come out. Our waiter in general was not very personable and was missing for most of the time. So the restaurant is not so good on the timing. Views of course are amazing because of the Bellagio fountains. Even though it was too cold to sit outside we still had a great view from inside. . . Food wasn't memorable. Like other reviews, the food came out lukewarm for most of the table. Our group of 7 all ordered a steak meal, 6 out of 7 were disappointed. Sides were ok but not very memorable. Would definitely stay at the hotel again but wouldn't revisit this restaurant, although I enjoyed all the other restaurants on site.
Love this place!!!! Perfect location on the strip to enjoy the day/ night meal with a view. . . Seafood Crepe -big portion. a little bit dry and creamy for my taste. overall it was good.. . Tuna burger - this was really good. big burger. love the wasabi mayo on it. tuna was cooked medium rare. perfecto!!!!! . . deduct 1 star for service. It seemed like the host hate her job.... The waiter was way too busy but he tried....
I had breakfast here on my first morning in Vegas. . . Honestly, breakfast was nothing to write home about. While I ordered a plain bagel, the others (my boyfriend and his two friends) got some pretty elaborate dishes. My boyfriend got the corned beef, that came with a side of hash browns, eggs, and toast. It was too salty; I didn't like it. It tasted a little weird.. . If you're looking for cheap, this place is definitely not the place. (5 dollars. For a bagel. A PLAIN bagel. I almost cried. I had to pay 2 extra dollars in tip.) My rating does not reflect the price, however -- I honestly did not like my boyfriend's dish that much...and everyone agreed that the food was just "alright".
There is a waiting line if u want to dine on the patio, you can wait at the bar and spend $11 for a Mimosa or spend your money gambling in the casino. Or just wait till the buzzer calls you, but then, why did you come to Vegas for? Great place to people watch and have an overpriced sliced tomato with some stinky cheese called salad. The quiche is good too, if you like quiches. You get a baguette and some butter to start with, but don't spend too much, just enjoy the good weather and the funny dressed tourists taking pictures of the Eiffel tower.
After a long two nights in Vegas, the gals and I decided we were in the mood for a GOOD breakfast. Fellow Yelpers steered us right into the arms of Mon Ami Gabi. . . After a very short wait, we were seated in the sun room at a quaint little table across from the Bloody Mary Bar. (This was a BIG hit with my girlfriend!) Our server was friendly and attentive, and we loved the open-air, non-smoky environment. We all seriously felt like we could be back in Paris, sitting at an outdoor cafe. It was kinda perfect!. . We all loved our meals- I ordered the chicken, broccoli, and cheese crepe. It was a delightful meal, and I wouldn't hesitate to go back on my next trip!
**Summary**.        - Patio - The number one reason I'd come back is for the outside seating. You sit literally on the strip across from the Bellagio water show that plays every half hour. It's the the best outdoor style cafe experience in Vegas (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=NTpchPgwPnFIER56x1dz1Q#NTpchPgwPnFIER56x1dz1Q)..        - Weather - I'd never come to Mon Ami Gabi to sit inside; so, I'd recommend checking the weather and reserve the day of. You wouldn't want a wind, rain, heat, or cold to ruin your dining experience. Unfortunately since this is Vegas, there aren't many temperate days..        - Steak - The steaks were thin and not from a good cut. I cut into a couple tendons throughout my dinner. They cooked them well, but it still didn't makeup for the poor piece of meat..        - Price to Quality - I'd say the price to quality of the steaks is pretty low. They cook them flavor-fully and well, but bad steak is still bad steak..        - Frites - All the steaks are served with these chip-like french fries. It was a nice change, but I think I'd still prefer mash if I could have it.. **Ordered**.        - $10.95 Escargots (in garlic-herb butter) - 6 delicious snails that were of decent size (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=ex6ZPq9Ver6siPR-2Sq0HQ#ex6ZPq9Ver6siPR-2Sq0HQ)..        - $25.95 Steak Bordelaise (Caramelized onion, red wine sauce) - I liked this better than the other sauce. It definitely brought out the sweetness of the onions (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=bp-adB6a359T2vZJyZukFA#bp-adB6a359T2vZJyZukFA)..        - $25.95 Steak Au Poivre (Brandy peppercorn sauce) - I like peppercorn, but I think pepper in this was a little overpowering (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/4JNXUYY8wbaaDmk3BPzlWw?select=3xiPElJcOtMrOUnJyi2RHg#3xiPElJcOtMrOUnJyi2RHg).. **Recommendations**.        - I'd recommend this place if you're looking for a nice date place and the weather is nice outside. Sitting outside, across from the Bellagio fountains definitely a unique experience. If you're not planning to sit inside, I'd say there are many other better places for this price.
I have been here 3 times now and normally I think it's good but nothing ridiculously amazing.  The atmosphere can't be beat with watching the Bellagio fountains while eating or all the wedding parties grabbing a bite.. . The bread is great and my boyfriend loved his steak.  We got escargot to start and it was just ok.  I don't think I tasted any garlic with it.  I had the Burger with Brie cheese and it was nothing special, at all.  It was bland, the bun was soggy and the brie was nothing special.. . The wine was delicious :)  . . So, great atmosphere and great times but my food was just ok.
We chose to eat here while in Vegas because of reviews that the outdoor dining had great people watching.. . True, they do! But even though we had made a reservation weeks in advance, we learned upon arrival that outdoor seating was first come, first serve --- bummer! That's why we came here! We were told the wait list for the patio was 1.5 hours. Reluctantly, we dined inside.. . The food was good (not great), nice ambiance, excellent service.
I kinda feel bad for giving this place a 3-star rating, but here goes.. . I've wanted to try this place forever, and although I knew I should have come here for breakfast, it just wasn't happening with the party I was with.. . We came here for dinner on a Friday night, 7 PM.  We had reservations through Open Table, but really, it looked like you didn't need one.. . We were seated in semi-outdoor area that was clear but protected from passerby, smoke, etc.  The view of the water show at the Bellagio was great.. . Baguettes with a little bruschetta and butter came out.  The food was taking a bit long to come out, so thank goodness that was there.  Our waiter wasn't exactly the most friendly person but at least went through the motions.  The south point for me was when one of the people in my party, a diabetic, asked that his frites be substituted with some green salad or something with his filet mignon.  The waiter told him he couldn't "We don't do that", and said he'd have to order a side of spinach or something on the side and kept saying that they'd charge for it.  Nowhere on the menu did I see "no substitutions," and if there is even a gluten-free menu, I'd expect they'd be a little more considerate in swapping fries for a few measley leaves.. . Speaking of measley leaves... another person in my party ordered a caesar salad -- now, these salads aren't cheap -- about $17-$19, and it was honestly one of the smallest I had ever seen -- no crutons, either.  I got the seared ahi tuna salad, which was comparably small with only three pretty small pieces of kind of grey ahi tuna.  I've had this dish at other, less fancy places and got bigger and better tuna.  I didn't really eat a lot of the salad because it otherwise was just average in taste.. . To their credit, the chicken dishes, sea scallops, pate mousse, and filet mignon seemed to be enjoyed by the rest of my party.  Of course, everything was smothered in butter, seemingly.  Also, the frites that came with many of the dishes were like shavings of fries and not really good, in my opinion.. . I'd come here again for the breakfast, but the dinner was pretty disappointing to me.  I guess we paid for the view.
I've been here twice before and recently went here for a group dinner for a friend's birthday during my weekend in Vegas. . . I ordered the grilled salmon and spinach salad. The vinaigrette was a bit too acidic, the inside of my mouth started to hurt - I should've asked for dressing on the side. But the flavor combination was delicious and the salmon was cooked perfectly.. . For dessert, I shared the bananas foster crepe. I can't remember if this was amazing or just good... I'm gonna say it was good, but not memorable, since I can't remember (obvs). . . Service is great and the prices are reasonable. It's a really good place for fancy steaks and frites in a casual atmosphere; and for around $25, not bad! (Doesn't compare to $3 steak and eggs specials elsewhere, though, but that is a different review entirely.)
Ehh. Ok. Cool views from outside
The outdoor seating is really cute.  I ordered the BLT Benedict which was on special for breakfast.  It was okay.  The hollandaise sauce was so buttery, I guess its good there was a lot of saltiness.  The bacon was also good and crispy, I just wish I had more than one strip on each piece of muffin.  Also, my food was below room temperature.  Bfs food was served to him hot. The service was also okay, not really good like I expected or hoped for.  Oh well, maybe better luck next time!
Needed to find a place for a weekend lunch with the bachelorette group and we ended up here.  Perhaps it was just my luck...but they sat us at a table where a large amount of spilled ketchup was all over the floor underneath the table.  They reseated us at a different table, but did not offer any apology....for the mess that attacked our feet.. . Onto the food...I ordered the seafood crepe...the seafood was fresh and delicious and well flavored but I felt the crepe was rather unremarkable.  I've definitely had better crepes.  The fries that come with their sandwiches and burgers are delicious...really they aren't fries...they seem more like kettle chips in the shape of a fry.  And they are very addicting!!. . The food took over an hour before it arrived at our table....and our waiter when we were trying to pay for the check was no where to be found....for a establishment on the strip...overall the service here is horrible and the food is at best slightly above mediocre.
My wife and i went here for our anniversary last night. The food was great but now as good as the people watching:) . I woke up this morning to look in the review journal to see mon ami gabi recieved a c rating from the health district........maybe would have thought twice about the oysters and tuna tartar knowing this.. We had the brie, seafood sampler, and shared a filet mingon. The service was really great from "20"? They wear nametags with numbers on them? But she was really cool and the service was great.
I and my husband went there to have a lunch.We got a table very quickly  maybe bc it was Monday.service was okay,our waitress was not the friendliest,no smile at all....but it's Vegas.most of all the places have the same service here.the food was okay too.i love French food,and I have tried much better,in LA tho.. We got mussels as an appetizer,my husband liked them,for me it was a bit salty,we both like the fries what comes with it.we both got sandwiches for a meal.my husband got lobster roll,we liked it,it was fresh and tasty.i got a salmon one,nothing special...and again we liked the handmade potato chips,it was yummy!. So overall just 3 stars,but I would come back it's still better than a lot of other places on strip!it has a nice view
Restaurant was nicely set up. I love the patio seating and being able to people watch :) . . I had a much higher expectation for service so I was a bit disappoint. The food was good. We had the country pate and the scallop entree. Both were good. We also had a salad which was just okay, nothing special. The menu read really well but there was something lacking when it arrived.. . Our server, #71, was the only thing that made our dining experience not so impressive. She was boring and wasn't willing to really give us any suggestions or details. She made us feel like we were such an inconvenient to her. I wished we would have sat in another section. . . It's shouldn't matter if we were there for lunch or dinner, service is such an important aspect of dining that it shouldn't be neglected.. . Overall, it was an okay experience. This is definitely a place that I might want to come back to give it another chance. Hopefully, we won't get the same server.. . Happy eating!
Food was good for breakfast but service was just terrible.
Came for breakfast on a weekend with a group of eight.  The selection was great and the price point was very reasonable and accommodated everyone's budget.  The chocolate croissant was flaky, buttery, and the chocolate was semi-sweet; perfect, in my opinion ($~4).  The croque madame was rich, buttery, crispy, cheesy, and the egg was cooked to order (~$12); comes with their version of fries (different from other restaurants - thinly sliced potatoes that are roughly cut into to strips.  The results are crunchy, some tender potato sticks).  Coffee is ~$4.  The steak frites was good and the steak portion was very generous (~$25).  Yummy stuff here, folks.. . Other important info: reservations recommended, reservations require credit card hold (they don't charge anything, but will ask for # and expiration date), patio seating is first-come-first-serve (no exception), interior is nice with high vaulted ceilings, and utensils were pretty dirty (boo!).
A decent inexpensive, moderately tasty off the strip bite with ambiance. The warm goat cheese appetizer is note worthy ;D
Great outdoor patio on the strip to people watch and just relax!  Went for lunch.  Had the salmon and egg salad tartine and the seafood crepe.
I would only really enjoy dining here if I am seated outside in the patio. The food was just alright, nothing great. But I did enjoy the baguette and butter! It was SO good! Mon Ami Gabi is more of a place grab a bite to eat while people watching outside and enjoying the Bellagio water show. But for food alone, I don't care too much for it.
Mon Ami is a solid value, food was priced right for the entree size and tasted great. I had a steak which was prepared well. Our reservation time was honored which always a good thing. Inside it can be a bit crowded and noisy but nothing out of hand. Beware - there are no reservations for patio seating so if you want a view plan to head over early and wait.
I've been wanting to try out this place for awhile, and finally did during my last trip to Vegas. Maybe we just didn't order the right things, but my bf and I weren't that impressed.. . We came for brunch and ordered the Quiche Lorraine and the Corned Beef Hash. The quiche was cooked well, but it was too much of one thing and I couldn't finish it. I was expecting several small pieces of crispy bacon, but ended up with some big chunks of fat. I didn't try the corned beef hash, but my bf said it didn't taste the way he expected.. . Service was okay. Our waiter didn't check on us quite enough, but did his job. I expected a nicer atmosphere, but for some reason it didn't seem that nice. The place seemed too cramped and busy. Maybe it would've been different if we sat outside with a view of the Bellagio fountain.. . Overall, I wasn't that impressed by this place, but I'm willing to come back again to try out other dishes.
Everyone from the hostess to the waiter were very friendly and chatty.  I had the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict.  The eggs were runny and the salmon was salty (just the way I like it).  . . I did not love the coffee though, but perhaps I am a pickier coffee drinker than others.. . Nothing special, but a good place to have brunch on the strip.
We went there because of the gluten free menu. It was good and I didn't get sick. However, it wasn't anything to ride home about. It was SUPER loud and the service was slow.
Mon Ami is all about location. We had an outside table looking directly at the Bellagio Fountains. That was nice and service was good.. . But, as for the prices you pay for the food... I've had better and definitely prefer the lower scale places. My $35 strip steak was no better than the $7 strip steak I make myself at home. The portions could be bigger but you are paying more for presentation than quantity.
Just a quick review.  The service was excellent, the wait was short (no reservations for a party of 8). The atmosphere was a bit dark (had it been dark outside the dimness of our table would have been ok).  I had the skate fish my brother in law had the seafood combo, my sister had the pate plate, and my nieces had mussels and salad. I also had the french onion soup. My skate fish was ok (thin and firmer than I had expected) but my brother in-laws dish was superb. The mussels were also really good.  It was nicer than expected considering it was in a tourist area.
my boyfriend and i went to lunch on a weekday at around noon and it was pretty empty inside, which was surprising because every time i walked by it at dinner there was a wait.  i guess their dinner menu is better than their lunch menu, which proved to be true when we got our food.. . we got the escargot appetizer, steak sandwich and tuna melt with fries and homemade chips. it was not impressive at all. i mean, it was fine. but i don't like paying for food which i can only best describe as "fine." everything was bland. the portion size was pretty large but it's not that important when the food itself is so mediocre and you don't want to finish most of it anyway. . . i liked the atmosphere and the waitress was nice. and the restaurant is right next to my favorite ghost buster slot machine. but most likely i won't be back, at least not for lunch.
--General. Great place! The location is awesome, you get a perfect head-on view of the Bellagio which is a gorgeous view. Reservations may be hard to find, but if you manage to snag one for dinner then you can have water shows goin the whole time you eat.. . Classy, friendly, comfortable atmosphere. Definitely ask for patio seats, or at least in the back. Especially with weather in Vegas always being so sunny and warm.. . Price was manageable, especially if you consider the fact that you're on the strip.. . --Food. The food is good. We went for brunch and I got the Eggs Benedict. I've definitely had better, but it was still a great meal. Their steak frites seem to be the most popular dish, so if I came back I would definitely try those.
I'll put 3 1/2..... . Definite fan of the seafood and ambiance. The roasted chicken was amazing, very moist and generous amount. The steak Bearnaise was less than I expected, way too much pepper and not enough steak.  Escargot was perfect, scallops gratin was good, but the scallops were too small (cut in half for those who can tell) Service was great, very nice and generous. We were also served a complimentary dish from the chef. . . All in all, come here if you are looking for an intimate meal, great seafood, and wonderful service...but not for steak.
Pretty good food at this restaurant, but was disappointed by the service.. . I ordered the corned beef & hash and thought it was quite delicious.  Lot of places I know will have the corned beef that's dried out like crazy; however, this place was pretty solid and it tasted goooooood, especially after a nice long weekend of Vegas golf, gambling, and girls.  Okay, let's face it, not so much on the girls part.  Oh yeah, friends ordered other stuff and the frites (fancy name for fries!) was surprising tasty.  Not like McDonald's tasty, but the shapes (flat and thin!) made them enjoyable.. . Service was a little poor.  What do you expect in Vegas, right?  Friend who missed a 2-foot putt for the win on Sunday's event pulled his chair in a little closer while we all were sitting on the patio and he got stabbed by a protruding nail.  Stuff happens and blood is shed.  The GM was quick to provide band-aids, ointment, etc... BUT the server thought it was a good idea to hammer the nail back so that no one else gets hurt...BUT MY FRIEND WAS STILL SITTING IN THE CHAIR.  I mean, weird situation, but weird fix to it.  Why wouldn't you just remove the chair and get him a new chair?. . Loved the patio facing the strip and cold air circulating around despite the scorching day.. . I'll probably come here again bc patio is great, but will be wearing gloves ;). . dmo out.
The food was decent but overall seemed a bit heavy. The ham and cheese crepe was heavy on the mustard and it sort of overpowered the dish. Same goes for the mussels which had a very heavy creamy butter sauce. The chicken and brie sandwich was very rich as well. Service and ambiance were fine for us. The staff were attentive and the food came out fast.. . Ham and Cheese Crepe with Cornichons and Dijon Mustard . Mussels Mariniere White Wine and herbs served with fries . Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich, Caramelized Onions and Green Apple. Cheeseburger with Egg . Maine Lobster Roll on Toasted Brioche Roll . Frisee, Kale, and Warm Bacon Salad  with Soft Poached Egg
The food was decent but overall seemed a bit heavy. The ham and cheese crepe was heavy on the mustard and it sort of overpowered the dish. Same goes for the mussels which had a very heavy creamy butter sauce. The chicken and brie sandwich was very rich as well. Service and ambiance were fine for us. The staff were attentive and the food came out fast.. Ham and Cheese Crepe with Cornichons and Dijon Mustard Mussels Mariniere White Wine and herbs served with fries Warm Chicken and Brie Sandwich, Caramelized Onions and Green AppleCheeseburger with Egg Maine Lobster Roll on Toasted Brioche Roll Frisee, Kale, and Warm Bacon Salad with Soft Poached Egg
I planned dinner here with a group of 10 girls for my bachelorette party based on AMAZING experience and great quality food over the last years I've been going here. Unfortunately, this time was not as great and this rating is solely on this weekend's experience. . . Service washorrendous and that was probably b/c we got a crappy waitress. She was not around when we needed her to fill waters, ask for extra plates, and check up on us.  She was very pushy for us to order dessert and throughout the whole time did not really smile and was not friendly. . . While some people enjoyed their meals, one of my friends ordered salmon and though cooked correctly, the quality was not great.  In addition, I ordered my filet medium and it came out medium well and dried.  I found myself chewing on the steak when really it should melt in my mouth. . . I may come here again because this was the first time of 20 times that things did not fare well.  But, my next visit to Vegas, I will also consider seeking other steakhouse first.
A French inspired "steakhouse" right in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip. We celebrated a birthday meal here looking for something a little different than your typical Vegas restaurant/buffet. It was an enjoyable meal, although not all that memorable.. . We sat down after a long day of traveling and adjusting to the desert heat of Vegas in August and were all pretty famished. Only problem is, after sitting and staring at the menu for probably a good half hour, nobody could decide what sounded good. We couldn't even figure out what we wanted to drink! It's not that the menu didn't have enough variety or options to meet our needs, it was just sort of...uninspiring.. . After finally placing our order, I ended up with a bowl of the French Onion Soup and the special of the day, braised short ribs served over mashed potatoes with a spicy sauce. The soup was pretty good, served the traditional way in a crock with baguette slices and an overdose of delicious cheese. It was a little sweet for my taste and serve sort of lukewarm (which I think may have been intentional since it was 115 degrees outside...but I still think I would have preferred it hot). The short ribs were good, very tender and the portion size was just right. I could have used some more spice in the dish, although I realize spice to the level that I like spice isn't all that common in French cooking.. . All in all this is a pretty good choice if you're looking for dinner around the Paris hotel. The atmosphere is pleasant (especially if you can get one of the patio tables with a view of the Bellagio fountains) and the food is pretty good and relatively reasonable for its type and location.
The food was pretty good; service unfortunately was not as satisfactory.  We arrived at 8:28 pm for an 8:30 reservation.  The hostess snottily told us that she would seat us closer to our reservation time and handed us a beeper.  Two minutes later it went off, and we were seated.  We were a bit taken aback by this, and there were several other similar incidents.  I'm not sure where the haughty attitude comes from.. . The restaurant has an extensive gluten-free menu, which was a real plus for my friend.  The entire table shared the gluten free smoked salmon appetizer, and it was quite good, including the bread.. . I had the filet mignon merlot with a side of mashed potatoes.  The steak was cooked perfectly, and the sauce is really exceptional.  I kept eating the potatoes even after feeling full just to finish the sauce.. . Overall, a decent experience due to the food.
The service was amazing, the decor was great as well as the view on the patio but the food did not meet my expectations. I was in a party of 7, and we came here for a late lunch. We did not have any reservations, but they were able to seat us within 5 minutes. . . Our server offered us bread and whipped butter. The bread was really hard, but hot and the butter made everything taste better! My friend and I split a caesar salad along with steak bordelaise and I was pretty much in disbelief when the salad came out. It's a very, very, very small serving for $10. It tasted fine, you can't go wrong with caesar salad. When I got the steak bordelaise I was also disappointed. There was barely any color on the plate besides brown, and branch of some leaf they put on the plate. It did not look appetizing, nor was the steak good. It was hard and the only thing good about the dish was the caramelized onions. The fries weren't that amazing either. I really wish they would pair their steak frites up with veggies instead of just an enormous serving of fries. . . Other people in our party ordered the natural chicken paillard, chicken broccoli and cheese crepe, grilled salmon and spinach salad, a cheeseburger and chicken and brie sandwich. The best dishes out of those would be the chicken, broccoli and cheese crepe along with the grilled salmon salad. . . Not sure if I would be back, I expected it the food to be a little better considering that it is a french restaurant with prices on the higher end, but it was a good experience.
All three of us had the chicken and brie sandwhich- I'd give it 3.5 stars. Onion soup was very good but overly salty, so 3.5 for that as well. Very nice ambiance. Service was super slow, however, and cocktails were a bit weak. So three stars instead of four, but still worth visiting.
Mon Ami Gabi in LV came highly recommended, so I waited - hungry - for over an hour just to try it.  The line just to put your name on the waiting list was 20 min.  Once we put our name down, we were told to come back in an hour.. . My sister and I were seated at a table that was half inside, half on the patio (if that makes sense?).  This caused the AC from the inside to constantly blow in my face, as if I were standing infront of a fan my entire dining experience.  Considering how long we had to wait for the table, I endured the mild unpleasantness.  Also, there is no bathroom in the restaurant.  If you need to use the facilities, you must walk through the packed restaurant, enter the casino and wait in line (only 4 stalls servicing the restaurant and part of the casino).  . . I ordered the steak bourdelais, which came highly recommended.  My sister ordered the steak roquefort.  We were starving at that point and scarfed down the baguette and butter and even the overly lemony orzo that tasted like that time I accidentally got lysol in my mouth (don't ask...). . I guess the steak was too hyped up, I found it too sweet.  My sister's was fantastic (we shared, as twins often do).  I didn't like the frites and have had better ones at chain restaurants.  I guess I expected better for such a long wait, but it was pretty good.
Came here because of all the great reviews.  Ordered the fresh oysters and French onion soup which was good. The steaks however (filet mignon and beef Wellington) wasn't that good. The steak was chewy and the sauce for the Wellington was too sour.  The sauce also made the pastry really soggy.  Service was ok. Not sure if I'd be back.
Food is good but a little pricey for the quality.  The best part of the restaurant is enjoying your meal on the patio watching the fountains and people go by.
Expensive. They told us that if one person of our party of six didn't come by ten minutes after our reservation, we would lose our reservation. It was stupid because he told us what he wanted to order too! I don't really understand why we couldn't be seated? Anyways, he made it so we got seated outside.. . I would definitely recommend getting seated outside. It was super nice and relaxing rather than the really fancy place inside... My friend and I split the sea bass, which was a special and it was okay. I wouldn't recommend it and it was over $30.. . I DEFINITELY would recommend the french onion soup. That is why I am giving this place a 3 star WITH the view from outdoors and the ability to people watch (I mean it is Vegas after all....)
Despite having a reservation for 8 on my birthday, we waited in line to be told that our table was ready but we could not be seated until everyone was present. We explained that the 6 of us present wanted to order drinks and appetizers but were again told it was " against restaurant policy." The absolute ignorance of the daft management paired with the nuisance of the obnoxiously rude hostesses was a perfect foreshadowing of lousy service.  When we requested an ice bucket for our bottle of white, the server scoffed and stated that "it is cold enough." The food was great, but to btrio mistreated, be sure to take your services elsewhere as Mon Ami Gabi is obviously not in need or desire of patronage.
We came here for breakfast before the long drive back home. I ordered the Eggs Benedict. I was pretty disappointed: tiny portion on a huge plate, a small piece of canadian bacon, and barely any hollandaise sauce. I can get better in San Marcos, CA. I will never order that again.. . My friend upgraded his cappucino to the larger size (cup? bowl? I can't remember the name, sorry!). Essentially, this meant that for just a dollar more he received an entire soup bowl filled with cappucino. Crazy.
Picture it:. . Perched outside sipping european coffee, dining on juicy steak, smiling at the waiter who had suggested amazing dishes to try and keeps your water glass filled, all while watching the amazing Bellagio fountain show at night, on February 13th, the day before Valentine's Day.. . Perfect romantic scenario but without crazy Strip restaurant prices or crowds. We waited an extra 20 minutes to be able to sit at an outdoor table, but the wait was quick and it gave me just enough time to take in the interior of the Paris' casino area. . . My husband and I had a double date with my sister and her fiance. It was a bit chilly, it being February, but there are heat lamps scattered throughout the patio. The mix of the pretty fountains, superb food, and busy Strip traffic can easily make you feel like you're somewhere in another country.. . I've heard and read rave reviews on the brunch offerings and definitely plan to be back.
Well, it is a change of scenery for Vegas.  A decent brunch place amongst all the buffets.  The crepe like pancake is very good whereas other breakfast items are just ok.  It is a little pricey for this dated establishment.
I usually steer clear of the strip when it comes to dinner out around town. The main reason being that everything is overpriced just because of the location.. . This place is no exception, but not to such extremes as other locations. And being that there is such a limited amount of outdoor dining there on the strip, I'm willing to shell out a little more for the experience of dining ON Las Vegas Blvd. . Unfortunately we didn't get that experience when we were here, and were tucked away at a tiny table right next to the door. . No big deal except we seemed to be a little to hidden from our server as well.. The table was tiny and felt like a table in a coffee shop.. Again this would have been fine if we were stopping in for a small bite at a cafe, but we were starving, and came for a serious dinner.. . We ordered the Seafood Platter ($49.95) which is an entree meant to be split by 2 people, and in addition ordered the largest steak on the Steak Frites menu, the 22 0z. bone in Ribeye ($39.95).. . The Frites were crispy and a real surprise, but the steak was a bit disappointing. It was a high quality cut, but the flavor of the steak just wasn't there for some reason, and it came at the same time as the seafood platter, which we specifically asked to have brought out as an appetizer and the steak later. So after we finally finished the seafood platter the steak had continued cooking for another 10 minutes on the plate to a little past medium, and had gotten cold.. We were a little disappointed but at the time we couldn't flag down a server to let him know we had a few issues.. . The seafood platter was exactly as it should have been. Very fresh, and very filling. Although I'm not an aficianado on French food, and maybe I'm just a redneck who's eaten at Red Lobster one too many times...but I can't help but feel like I need some drawn butter with Lobster and Shrimp.. Oh well, Ces't la vie.. . Service: 2 Stars. Food: 3 stars. Price: 3.5 Stars. Ambiance: Inside 2 Stars/ Outside 5 Stars.
wasn't that impressed with the food - maybe we got the wrong stuff. burger was meh, and the salad i had was meh (forget which one). service was very accomodating (we had to get to a 7:30 show and had made early reservations, but it was nice that they made sure we got our food in time to actually enjoy it). and you can't beat the view of the Bellagio fountains - we finally got to see the whole show!
Ate dinner this time. Didn't mind sitting inside, so no wait YAY! Ordered a glass of Riesling, side of Brussels sprouts with bacon, spinach, and half order of mussels. . . As always, love the fresh baguette. For dinner they also give a nice little apple, radish, vinegar salad that was really good. The mussels were just ok. Also, one of them was still closed, which you're not supposed to eat. Honestly, from such a nice restaurant, they're supposed to check in the kitchen and throw it out. This makes me wonder what else they may have missed... . . The Brussels sprouts with bacon were really good. When they say bacon, they mean chunks of pork belly. It was AWESOME. The spinach was overcooked and boring. Again, I expect more from this place. I guess I should stick to the main dishes, but I don't eat very much and avoid large slabs of meat. I heard the waiter say they are known for their steak that is just cooked in butter. Maybe next time. . . Oh yes, and dessert was the baked apple tartine. It would have been one the most awesome deserts ever had it not been sitting in a pool of syrup sauce. It soaked into everything, and it was like injecting my veins with pure sugar. I would try to order the sauce on the side, then it would be perfect.  . . Otherwise I think I'll stick to brunch. My last review from brunch:. . Brunch on Saturday. Ordered a mimosa and french toast. The french toast was served with house made blueberry syrup, with fresh blueberries on the side. Wasn't too sweet, until I got too full. Brought it back to my room to snack on later. Heated it up in the microwave, and it was still ok. Not as good, but still a good snack. All meals come with a fresh baguette. Yum!
Had lunch here with friends before my flight.. It is definitely a tourist attraction/trap.. Whatever you wanna call it.. . . The food was not spectacular and as other reviewers have said, you're paying for the view of the Bellagio fountains.. You can also people watch from the patio.. (Hey, what a concept huh? Just like a street cafe  you see in France!). . One glass of mimosa was $10! And the glass was tiny.. . The prime steak sandwich wasn't too bad after you get through the end pieces, which were burnt. . . The fries were actually good.. It's thinly sliced. They reminds me of fresh potato chips. I would not come back just for the fries. . . Over priced and mediocre food at best. But hey, you have to try it once.
We had brunch here  Saturday morning.  The selection was not so great, but my ham & cheese omelette was pretty good.  I'd like to give it another try, next time for dinner.  Hopefully, it will will up to all the rave reviews it has received on here.
Got seated here for a family dinner and some friends and our server was very friendly and helpful. Ordered the steak with the delicious fries (so thin and tasty) kinda reminds me of in and out...couldnt stop eating the fries. The steak was good as well. I do not remember anything else but they do have a nice seating outside of the strip to eat and watch people. Would recommend this place!
the baked brie! the sangria was great as well
Overhyped. Expensive. Rude staff. But the food is amazing. Went here with reservations. Asked for inside but the staff felt it necessary to tell me (smugly) that an outside table wouldn't be available for 20 min. I had asked for a quiet table. They say me at a tight, small two top near the noisy bar. The greeters, etc. were very rude. Perhaps they were trained in France. The food - now there was nothing wrong there. Service was a bit slow but the food was amazing and worth the wait. Everything was delicious. I might go back here again, but even with great food when the staff is dismissive of my requests I tend to eat elsewhere. There are lots of places to eat in Vegas.
Andy and I went to eat here with my parents in Oct. and the service was ok, food was ok, nothing special here
Nice street side seating. Enjoyed the brunch (Eggs Benedict) and bloody mary bar. Overall a good experience and would return.
So I finally had the chance to dine at Mon Ami Gabi, which I've been wanting to do for quite some time now. The service was excellent but I am sad to report that I was not impressed with their food. I ordered the Escargot for my starter and Steak Classique for my entree'. The escargot was not bad but I've had better (in Nice :-) and at Orange Hill Restaurant in SoCal). The steak sounded really good based on the description on the menu and I think I read a review here on Yelp from someone who said it was the best he's ever had but unfortunately, it was just alright for me.
Good service and friendly staff.. . It was good food, but not great. I had the short rib.  the rib was tender and flavorful.  The sides were ok.  . . I just don't know, it wasn't spectacular and I don't think I would come back for dinner. . . My wife said this was a great lunch place I would probably agree based on the lackluster dinner I had.
Steak was meh.
The French onion soup that the other reviewers suggested was our appetizer. In my opinion, it is not as unique, but rather filled with sodium that makes me scream, "WATER!" The food we ordered was mediocre and we even took the server's suggestion. I believe that individuals come here for the view and not the quality and/or uniqueness of their food.
We had reservations for our group of 4, in which I specifically requested a table outside.  When we arrived (after walking past the patio that was maybe half full) we were rather rudely told that it would be a 45 minute wait.  Why did I make reservations?!  Given that it was a Friday night, and we had other plans, we elected to sit inside rather than wait.. . The service for that point on was decent, nothing very impressive.  We waited quite awhile to see our server, and then another long wait before finally placing our dinner order.. . The food was fantastic. We had escargot, oysters, salads, the roasted chicken, and the scallops.  All were fantastic.  I'll be back, but I certainly hope they find a way to include the patio in their reservation process, especially when it's half full!
I would probably give this restaurant a higher rating, if it weren't for the service.. . We came here for breakfast on a Saturday morning. We came early enough that there wasn't a long wait, so we were seatedrather promptly. I had the Croque Madame, which honestly, was fantastic. It was just what I wanted and had great flavor. It came with homemade potato "chips" which were more like potato straws, but they were delicious. My companion got a breakfast sandwich, which he thought was alright (too much mayo for a breakfast sandwich), but did enjoy the side of breakfast potatoes.. . The problem with the service was that we hardly saw our waitress. I don't know if she was overstretched with tables or what, but we were constantly out of drinks and I had to wait 10 minutes to find her just to get another OJ. When we finished our meals, we sat there for 15 minutes with empty plates in front of us before we could get our table cleared, and then find her for our check. I felt very overlooked while she waited on other tables (mostly larger groups).. . Anyway, maybe I was there on a bad day or just got a server on her off day, but with all the choices in Vegas, not sure that I will be back.
Solid restaurant, good service, good ambiance, but the food was nothing memorable unfortunately.  Not bad, but not amazing either.
This place is so underwhelming. Just so incredibly underwhelming.. . I made reservation for 12:30, not sure how busy it would be on a Saturday in early December. Turns out it's pretty damn crowded, but they're seating every party with no problems. They tell us to stand by the side until they flag down a waitress to seat us. We can a little earlier around 12:15, so I expected to wait a few minutes but I waited much longer. Fast forward 20 minutes and we're still standing there while they seat parties of 10. Apparently they forgot about us. -1 Star.. . We finally sit down and our waitress comes to us and she was lovely. We ordered the duck confit to start. I ordered a warm chicken and brie sandwich while my friend ordered a medium rare steak. It takes a while for our appetizer to come out, in which time the staff breaks about 3 wine glasses throughout the restaurant and the shattered glass is everywhere. Okay, promising.. . Duck confit is dry. So dry. Has OK flavor, but just so damn dry. . . My warm chicken and brie sandwich was clearly sitting under a heat lamp for a while because all the brie had melted off the sandwich and the chicken was dry.. . Steak was cooked very medium instead of medium rare.. . Everything but our waitress was so underwhelming. I wouldn't recommend this place to my friends.
The was nothing spectacular. It was good,  but not great. The steak frites are very good.
Steak was very good but not on a par with the best steak houses.. Service was polite and efficient. Prices good for Las Vegas.. We would go back again.
This place is all about the view outside, overlooking Las Vegas Blvd and the Bellagio.. . They were out of pate and chicken liver mousse! . . Seafood tower was pretty skimpy, really limited selection. . . The broth with the mussels was too buttery, and the frites were too thin. . . Escargot needed salt.. . Service was a little slow.
What a cute lil bistro! Came for lunch, and it was pretty busy, but we were able to snag a table for 3 inside (but it was close to the window so it was still bright and had a view of the Strip) with no wait! And the service was very friendly and attentive. And they give you a cute little baguette for the table!. . However, the food left something to be desired. The onion soup was tasty but not that memorable, and the chopped salad was a lot smaller than we expected. I ordered the sandwich special, which was pastrami and gruyere. I assumed it would be on a French roll, but turns out it was served between toasted slices of bread that were extremely tough to bite into... And the sandwich itself lacked flavor (other than the mustard spread). On the plus side, the hand-cut fries that came with my sandwich were great!. . Overall, I liked the atmosphere, and some of the more unique menu items might be more worthwhile, but I wasn't very pleased with the ones we ordered.
We felt the atmosphere and service were great but the food was very average. We won't go back. There are much better restaurants in Vegas for the same price.
Lobster Roll was great. Try their French Onion Soup. I need to go back and experience more of the food. The seating was pretty good. Service was great.
Went here for lunch, the food was mediocre but the atmosphere was amazing. We sat outside and it reminded me exactly of a local cafe in down town Paris with the exception of more table space! The lighting and the ambience truly made me nostalgic. I just wish the food was better. I had a burger and my friend had the crepes. Both just fair.
I came here for the steak frites because I was in the mood for some steak frites and I got my steak frites. And sure they have outdoor dining where you can look at everyone walking down the strip, but that didn't matter since I was on the hunt for some steak frites.. . But at the end...it was just ok.. I have had some steak frites before and had some really good ones including the Paris version in Relais: http://www.yelp.com/biz/relais-de-l-entrec%C3%B4te-paris-3#hrid:1iL8osb1Dx8fjln2JegOBA/src:self. . Although this place does have the steak frites...it wasn't the same or better than the Relais version. It was good, but nothing worth getting all excited about. But if you're in Vegas and you want some "steak and frites" then this place is probably you're best bet. . . I did like their Bananas Foster Crepes which I had for dessert. They have other desserts too like profiteroles au chocolat, and creme brulee. And besides the steak frites, they also serve brunch here too.. . I managed to get a table because I made reservations in advance, otherwise you would probably have to wait awhile as I noticed a lot of people loitering out in the hotel lobby area. So again, make reservations here.
I'm not really a fan of French food, but majority of my group wanted to eat here.  The food was pretty good, though it is kind of a scramble to find something more free of French influence.  I had the Chicken Paillard which was pretty good. If you sit on the patio, you have a perfect view of the Bellagio's fountain display as well.  Besides that I'm not a fan of French food, my only real issue was that I paid in cash and my waitress automatically assumed I did not want any change.  I asked her three times for change back over 30 minutes and she kept trying to tell me that she could only give me a certain amount back.
Yes it is a French Style eatery, but does the hostess have to be so rude. Most places would call the hostess, "The Director of First Impressions". My first impression was not a good experience. We did have a good meal, Not anything to highlight. It seem that our order was rushed and put together.
I so wanted to love this place, but it was bad. Maybe an off night. I heard from many people that this place is excellent, but it wasn't. We had to send our food back.. . The onion soup was actually really good.. . Cheese plate-Nothing special. . Beef Wellington was ok. . Scallops were cooked perfectly, but can use more seasoning.. . The halibut was super dry.. . Got the seafood platter. The clams, oysters, shrimps, seaweed salad, salmon tartar were all delish, but then the lobster was horrible. It was so rubbery. It was way over cooked. We ordered 2 of these and we only got 50% off for one. Seriously? Both of ours were super bad and the fact that they precooked it then chilled it tells me your food is not fresh. How disappointing. We couldn't even swallow it. It was that bad. . . Side dishes: Garlic spinich-yummy, Cauliflower-too heavy
Stopping in for a quick lunch on their patio is a great experience, and being so close to the bellagio fountains (across the street) it's easily one of the best dinner spots on the strip. . . Unfortunately the dish I had wasn't worth the value. 3 thinly sliced U10 scallops cut, paired with sauce and onions ended up being a nice light snack, but the price didn't really make sense for the portion size. Plating was nice, over top of rock salt, in 3 shell like stainless steal plates it made a nice appearance.  . . Besides the food I wasn't too impressed with the beer section, though the wine selection was pretty extensive I opted for a DMV local brewery DFH  overpriced priced at $8 and served in a water class.... . . Outside of that the people watching, and experience is worth spending some time at this restaurants outdoor patio... 3 stars.
Of all the bajillion trips I have gone on I never really stopped to see if I should dine here and finally did. Really nice view of the Bellagio fountains if you sit outside or luck out in the room that we had inside.. . Wait was not too bad if you wanted to sit inside but prepare to wait if you want to sit outside. What kinda sucked was the service. I don't mind paying paying the standard 18% service fee but can it at least be decent? Numerous times I had to ask for water and it was annoying that the waiter filled up my cup with ice and made me wait the whole time.. . Anyways, off to the food. I ordered the French Onion Soup to start off and it was good and I suggest that you share it with a friend or two since I couldn't finish it. Main course for me was the steak bordelaise. It was decent, I had better expectations for this place and it wasn't really up there at the end.. . Had a bite of the scallops and it was pretty good if not the best thing I had there. One last thing I forgot about this meal is if you do not like super salty food don't come here! Overall it was an a-okay meal and if you really want a dank steak on the strip head over to Bouchon. I'm not sure if I'll come back here unless it's dinner.
I have been here two times, and for me this time around fell a little flat.. Which could be due to numerous things.. The patio was open and had some heat lamps..but it was getting a little too windy by the end of the night to really enjoy the meal. It might be nice to have a covering over the patio during the winter if you decide to serve food out there.. However, the view from the patio of the Bellagio fountain was spectacular and worth the chill.. . The food for me felt a little underwhelming and so did the service. I felt our table seemed like an afterthought for the waitress who was clearly busy, but when she was present she was very nice. The busser who was wating on us did so excellently, I kinda wished he had been our waiter.. She forgot the salad on one order but did bring out two desserts for the birthday boys.. so that made up for it.. . I ordered the escargots.. typically delicious, but this version for me, while full of garlic and butter lacked some acid (white wine or lemon or both) to enhance the flavors.. the dish was simply too bland. . . I had the filet au poivre with the rouqefort sauce along with root veggies subbed for the frites, for my main.. The flilet was done properly, but the roquefort was barely visible and there was no sauce at all in the "roquefort sauce" it was a small pat of the cheese broiled to death on top of the filet.. The root veggies were really good..The frites seemed too much like potato chips and not at all like the frites classically served..so luckily for me I was able to substitute another side which was really good.. . The desserts, while not bad were not good either..the white chocolate bread pudding sounded yummy in theory but sadly it was not sweet and very bready in flavor.. no white chocolate flavors were found in this dish. The chocolate mousse was a matter of taste I suppose.. the small crunchy chocolate balls that covered the top took over the dish and the taste of the chocolate in the mousse were again lacking and too sweet. I should stress, it is really all a matter of taste for me..but I just can't sugarcoat this one.. . I will be back again this summer and give it another whirl, it could have just been an off night..
I don't know much about french cuisine, but I didn't really like what I had.  My best friend was visiting me and we came here to eat.  We shared a seafood platter, and everything was cold.  Literally, came on ice.  Presentation was nice, but I don't like cold seafood.  If I did research, I would of known that French seafood was served like this.  I wasn't a fan though.  Cute date night place though.
Came here with a reservation for brunch:. . Fruit boquet: I was expecting something rather large, since the waiter said it'd be bigger than the fruit plate. Out came half a cantaloupe, all diced up like a flower (pretty!) with a couple chunks of pineapple stuffed in between. I felt kinda ripped off since I was expecting a bigger variety of fruit. It was really hard to cut into the cantaloupe flower as well and it was an overload on cantaloupe. Definitely don't get this...huge rip off. The yogurt side was very creamy and the mint syrup was very light and refreshing though.. . Gluten free toast: Tasted like real toast! The jam was very delicious (homemade?) and I actually enjoyed the toast very much...even if it was slightly over toasted.. . Mushroom omelette: Full of flavor, but it was much too simplistic. Boyfriend said he could've made it at home for half the price with even more eggs!. . Egg white omelette: It was pure egg white, nothing else. No veggies or extra ingredients...my friend was very disappointed in it. . . Overall, Mon Ami Gabi's food is executed well and visually appealing, but it's really lacking in the little twists and "Oh!"s that make food EXCITING! In other words, although delicious, the restaurant is a bit too safe in terms of food options, and it'd be nice to see them add an interesting flavor twist or flair into their items (ex: Putting ingredients into their egg white omelette).. . PS: My friend got the french toast and LOVED IT. Apparently you should stick with sweet items if you come here.
This review is for multiple visits over the past 6 years.  This visit I ordered the steak w/ frites (fries).  The steak was good, however they overload the plate with frites.    The Service is usually as good as the food.  Past service mishap from waiter was to hand out the dessert menu and give us 3 seconds before asking us if we knew what we wanted. Then he asked us again 5 seconds after that.  (Major turn off). We went to serendipity 3 for dessert.  . I give it 3 stars because of the view of Bellagio fountains.
This place is great if you're looking for something low key and casual. Had a 745 rezi about a week in advance. . . Waitress was very patient with us and helped us pick out the Franco only list of wines. Chateau Cadillac was a reasonable bordeaux bottle.. . I wanted a slab of steak! So as much as I wanted to try the steak au poivre, I decided on the rib eye after finding out that the steak dishes are just top sirloin pounded flat. Boy! 22oz rib eye was delicious!!! I cleaned the meat off the bone! It came with bearnadaise sauce made with egg (like hollandaise), but it did not need it at all. The dinner menu is French style, but would not call it French by no means. After all, we are in Vegas, not France, so not complainin', just sayin'!. . The chairs were a bit broken. Rocking back and forth all night. Not sure how the average American can actually feel comfortable in these chairs since I felt like it was just my size.. . We had front row center inside of the restaurant but clear view of the Bellagio's watershow. It was fanTAStic!
The atmosphere was nice as many have said.  Had  Large shrimp and french onion soup. I  felt that for $15  I could have more than 4 jump shrimp. Soup was good-great.  My wife though ordered  the special (halbut or roughy I don't remember) but the fish was as bland as could be. No flavor , no seasoning, I was disappointed. bread was good. I guess I would try it again but with so many options in Las Vegas probably not.
This is a great place to come during the summer. The patio seating gives you a great opportunity to do some people watching :) I've been coming to this place a lot because their appetizers are pretty legit. Here's are some of the things that I enjoy when I'm there. . . Chicken liver mousse: creamy pate on a hot summer day, perfect combo. . . Duck confit: it's so moist and juicy and the cherries give it just the right amount of tart. . . Shrimp cocktail and oysters are always a must here for me :). . I'm giving this place 3 stars because you come for the patio seating and the the food, not the service. I wish that it could be a little better and friendlier :) . . Happy eating everyone :)
Service is always sub-par.  Recently went for Sunday Brunch to sit on the patio, where the first impression of the experience was waiting over 5 minutes for the hostess to figure out what to do with the guest in front of us.  As she "shoo'd" the guest away, there wasn't a "good morning, welcome to Mon Ami Gabi", in fact there wasn't any greeting coming out of the her mouth, just a blank stare waiting for me to say "2 people please".  Is there a point when management just doesn't care or forget to train the host or hostess to be hospitable?  Last time I checked, restaurants are in the hospitality business...  . . If anyone has ever been to Mon Ami Gabi, its a busy restaurant, our hostess that sat us never made any eye contact or cared to start up a conversation, as the walk to the patio is a good minute.  It was a crowded day and hostess pushed through guests charging her way through the dining room, literally loosing us by the time she got out to the patio.. . I figured our experience was about to turn around, or at least hoped.  Anyway, sitting on the patio at Mon Ami Gabi, people watching on a nice Sunday morning, your experience will be good even if the food and service can't compliment the location.. . Our busser was friendly and prompt, he came by and made sure our waters and coffees where filled at all times, with a smile.  Our Server on the other hand must have been trained by the same person lacking a hospitable drop of service that trained the hostesses.  My friend had been to Mon Ami Gabi only a few weeks earlier for brunch and she remembered an omelette she had that consisted of ham, mushrooms and blue cheese.  She mentioned this to the server and his response was "huh".  After hearing my friend rave about this omelette all morning, I kind of assumed that the server would say, "please allow me check if we have any blue cheese, I'm sure the chef would be more than happy to make that for you." but rather a "huh" response.  So we start to order our meals, in the middle of writing down our order, he tells us he'll be right back and goes and talks with his busser and another table for a few minutes.  What a way to make the guest feel important...  He certainly must have needed our table, as he sat the check down before our breakfast plates were cleared - I would have had no problem ordering some baguette and nutella or a pastry with the rest of my coffee, but I guess increasing our check wasn't part of his thought process.  Funny thing is, I had my credit card on top of the check presenter for over 15 minutes before he came by to pick it up - So I guess, he wasn't trying to rush us out - he just wanted to take a break, as we didn't see him for a long time.... . Whatever the case - there just isn't too many restaurants in Vegas with such a prime location, where you can eat outside and people watch.  If there was, I would never come back and the restaurant would have been rated 1 star, but due to great ambiance, with no help from the staff,  I gave it 3 star
Went here with my husband and some co-workers on a work trip. We were lucky to get a table right in the middle of the patio facing the fountains at sundown.  Perfect! The food was great (he had the steak Bearnaise and I had ahi tuna) and the company even better.  . Our server was strange.  He had a weird attitude from the moment we sat down.  :(. While the food was good, I ordered a cosmo along with the ladies I work with and it was made with a lemon vodka for sure.  It also had lemon pieces in it from being squeezed, which made it lemony and not a cosmo.  He tried to argue with me about it but whatever, I just got a plain vodka and cranberry up.  Much better.. I'd definitely go back for the view, but not for the service.
I came here on Sunday with my sisters and well lets just say if I think French, I think really good savory crepes. Well to my surprise it wasn't that great. There wasn't much of a selection to begin with. So I settled with the chicken, broccoli, and cheese crepe. First bite I thought it was me thinking it was so salty. Comes to find out it was just the broccoli that is seasoned to salty. We also order the tuna melt sandwich. I don't know about you but when I order a tuna sandwich anything I expect it not to be fishy. I'm sorry I have to say was way too fishy for my liking. It was so bad the waiter notice we were not fond of it and took it off our bill. So she made up for the lack of not being so attentive with refilling our drinking or bring out more bread. But the thing that was good was the hand cut fries. Very thin and crispy just like potato chips  also the one thing that I did love besides the fries was there special! The Shaved Beef and Brie Sandwich with Sun-Dried Tomato Aioli. This was to die for! It was the perfect amount to have so you can last until dinner time. It doesn't sit heavy when you are done either which is a plus on my book. I would come back to mon ami gabi just for that. If we didn't order that I would never step foot back here.. . Also a little side note, for some reason the hosts are not so friendly. Waiters inside are a little better. When the host took us inside to get seated I had on high boots so I have to walk slow cause of the tile floors they have are a little slippery. One of the waiter push be faster to walk cause she forgot someone order making me almost trip... Just saying don't wear heels here ladies.
This is a cute little place located in Paris. You definitely want to take advantage sitting in the patio on a nice, sunny day. It might be a little wait though. We had to wait around 30 minutes. Totally worth it.. . The food here is typically priced from around $10-25. I ordered the french onion soup. It was a decent size. My soup had a nice cheesy crust over the top. And they were definitely generous with the cheese. Cheese = happiness. I like that bit a lot. The bread that was under the cheese was a bit too oversaturated with the soup and mushy. It's a personal preference kind of thing, but i really do not like mushy, slimy things. Overall the soup was decent, a bit pricey for a French Onion Soup though, $10. For $10 it could have been better. . . My friend got steak au poivre. I think she ordered it rare, but when I taste tested her food, it seemed more medium rare to medium. I thought the meat was on the tough side. But my friend had no complaints. She moreso loved the flavor of the meat and sauce. The steak was huge too. So i guess she did get her money's worth for a dish that cost $25.95. . . Another friend i was with got the Big Skinny lemon pancakes, or something of the sort. They were thin pancakes, a bit thicker than crepes, slathered with lemon butter and syrup (i think). I had a small bite. It was pretty good. My friend seemed to like it just fine. He still ate all of it despite this being his second meal in the morning. . . Overall, I think this is a cute place to stop buy and have a nice brunch on a pretty, sunny day with friends. The food was okay, in my taste. I wouldn't go so far as to say it was an unforgettable experience. I was not wowwed or anything but It was cute! if sitting on the patio under the sun is your thang, then do your thang at Mon Ami Gabi.
You really need to be into old world wines (it is a french restaurant).  If you can score a patio table on a nice day, you're stoked.  5 star people watching, 3 star food and the wine list is lopsided.  Honestly, grab a bunch of oysters and chilled seafood with a bottle of sancerre.
Fabulous service and location.  The menu is somewhat limited if you try to stick to a low-fat diet.   The portions are on the small side and the prices are high.. . I've eaten at Mon Ami Gabi twice- once for lunch and once for dinner.  I would probably choose another restaurant on my next Strip visit.   There are many fabulous restaurants nearby that are a much better value for the money.
Food was average. I have eaten there before and was lucky to get a seat outside. Despite reservations this time, we were seated across from the door to the kitchen. So I watched waiters come in and out the entire evening. It was out last eve in Vegas and we were hoping to have a special evening but the close tables and placement were definitely a turn off. Sorry. Our waiter was friendly and helpful.
I don't know if it was the munchies or what but the steak from this place was on point.  My experience here was good, my food was served fast and the waitress was constantly checking up on us.
Great atmosphere. Prime location across from the Bellagio water fountain show. Prices are as expected for being on the strip. I've had better though...that's the reason for three stars.
Beautiful view of the strip. Pretty good food.. . That day my friend and I wanted to eat on the strip with a view of the colorful tourists and Vegas locals. We sat in the outdoor area of Mon Ami Gabi. The view was great.. . I ordered the special: scallops wrapped in bacon. I substituted a side of fries for the potatoes. It was pretty good.. . My only issue was the waitstaff changed shifts while we were there and forgot about us for a while. It was difficult getting refills of water. . . However, for the experience of eating outdoors on the strip, it's worth it.
The food was good but definitely not the best steak I've had. I had the filet mignon with the merlot butter. Service was friendly.. . The butterscotch bread pudding was pretty delicious!
Pros: The seafood platter was very fresh, especially the oysters! The sauces on everything was delicious! The scallops were very well prepared.. . Cons: Besides the small portions, the actual steaks themselves were not that amazing. Not very tender or juicy. In addition, they give you a giant stack of fries to cover up for the fact that they give you very little entree. This leads me to say that the quality of food low for the price. . . Overall: Touristy and nice =P
Food high quality, but not particularly imaginative. Atmosphere mediocre unless you have a patio seat, which offers a great view of the Bellagio fountain. I would recommend Mon Ami Gabi for first time tourists, as it would be uber cool, but for seasoned tourists or locals there are better options for a spectacular meal.
I've had my eye on this restaurant for years now and never had the chance to try it because each time i went to Vegas something always prevents me from coming here. Then finally, i had the chance to try Mon Ami Gabi for the first time last month. . I made reservations on Sunday for a party of 6 at 6pm and when we arrived we got seated right away. My friends and I ordered many of the popular items and tried each other's meals. Things i've tried: . - Smoked Salmon: This was pretty tasty. Went very well with the bread they gave you. . - Escargots: I didn't try this, but my friends said it was okay.. - Filet Mignon: Cooked with a batter that surrounded the steak. I didn't quite enjoy it and thought it wasn't so flavorful. - Steak Bordelaise: This one was actually really flavorful and better than the filet mignon to me (surprisingly because it was half the price of the filet mignon). - Chicken Grandmere: Mediocre, nothing special about this chicken. . - Caramelized sea Scallops: Very salty and not that tasty to me . - Pork Pillard: thick cut, kind of chewy. Not that great to me . - Mac & Cheese: It was cheesy but not the best mac and cheese i've tasted. Kind of bland. - Aparagus: Mediocre, nothing special .  . Overall, i was a bit disappointed with this restaurant. I thought the food was going to be top notch, but everything tasted mediocre and didn't blow my mind. I enjoyed the fresh bread and pickled carrots they gave in the beginning. Service was a bit slow due to the high crowds. Ambiance is a bit loud and voices echo because we sat in the patio area. Pretty restaurant. Great views of the Eiffel towel along with the surroundings. I would not come back if i was in vegas and it was truly a one time thing.
It has been a long time since I last visited Mon Ami Gabi (probably 2 years), but it popped up on my "have you been to..." suggestions, so I'll review it! The absolute best thing about the restaurant is its location. The Paris got really lucky when the Bellagio opened and built beautiful fountains out front - now many of their restaurants (like Mon Ami Gabi and the Eiffel Tower Restaurant) have a phenomenal view. Be sure to request a table on the patio where you can see the fountain show...it's definitely worth waiting for, and you can drink at the bar while you wait!. . I give this restaurant three stars because I remember feeling underwhelmed by the food. Everything was tasty, but for a restaurant in a prime location at the strip, you usually expect something special. I had a New York strip, their fries, and we shared a bunch of appetizers that I honestly can't remember anymore. It was a fun experience and perfectly fine food...I would go back happily (but probably wouldn't be the one suggesting it).
Decent food we went for breakfast but I was told i could order off the lunch menu. I tried the chicken sandwich with sliced apples the sandwich was good bread was fresh. The service was good we sat outside. Lots of reviews for this place I guess worth trying out for breakfast/lunch. Nothing out of this world I have to say but goof to grab a quick salad, or sandwich and sit outside to people watch. Also ordered escargot was ok nothing special came out with no bread. had to wait 7 minutes the guy said they were baking the baguettes. The bread was actually excellent !
Delicious breakfast
I had the Bone-In Ribeye, and it was ok. I ordered it rare, and it came with a very nice red interior. It was also pretty tender, but it could've used more seasoning to bring out the beefy flavor. The black peppercorns were very coarsely grounded so some bites were overly peppery. On the plus side, the ribeye had a good sized rim/cap/deckle/whatever you call that piece of meat surrounding the edge of a ribeye. That's literally the best piece of meat from a cow.
This was from back in Dec. 2012. Actually I would give it a 3.5 ha! It was quite good everything except my entree, boohoo! It might not be their fault either, I tried to go with something different for me, being in a French restaurant and all...So I tried some pork chops with fig, but maybe it was fine and I just don't know how it's supposed to taste.... I didn't really like it, I didn't like the texture of the pork chops, too soft and it was too much on the sweet side for me.... . Now, the bread....oh the bread...that takes 5 stars right away, enough said.. and the little salad that comes with the bread...delicious!. . The place was packed, but it wasn't too bad the wait because it was freaking cold outside and we brave the cold and accepted a table outside. If you kept your jacket on you were fine.. . They have big space heaters all over the place, there was one right behind my chair, so it was actually perfect. . . Nice experience overall!
Not very impressed.  For the price and location, I was expecting A LOT more.
I had higher hopes for this place. Sigh. But nonetheless, it was pretty good and the ambiance was stellar. So romantic and French!! We sat at a window and got to experience the Bellagio fountains. We had the fancy smanshy drinks... I had a Scarlet Letter... meh. $13 and it shoulda been better...and BIGGER. The gf had some martini that tasted of malibu. Double meh. However... apps were to die for!  French onion soup and the scallops gratin... you two little lovlies saved the night!! Amazing. Also the bread and the pickled fennel/whatever... awesome. I have to figure out how to make the pickled veggies. All four of us got steak entrees... meh. I am not a fan of the classic steak frite... the frites.. yes.. pretty yummy... the steak.. ok maybe I'm just a Texan and like REAL steaks!! They can keep the paper thin steak with funky tasting butter. Yuk. The hanger steak the gf got was super tiny and tasted like barbecue. Can't remember what the others got but no one was impressed. Creme brulee.. eh, had better at chain restaurants. The apps and the atmosphere make up for the mediocre entrees. Service was great... super cool waiter. I'd try it again. Maybe.
went there with my family including 3 kids, not really a  kid-friendly restaurant, but we tried it because a good friend recommends it. Ordered steak bordelaise, i can say, it's one of the tastiest steaks i've had. don't have to add extra flavouring or sauce on the side. The place gets busy so i suggest to visit the place on a weekday
This is a mixed review. First the setting. We were there in June (hot), but we got a table on the patio in front of the open windows. The AC inside was working well, and our table felt like a cool breeze was blowing. Very nice view of the Bellagio fountains. Basically a perfect setting for a patio on the strip. . . Now for the food. We ordered the onion soup. A big bowl. Very sweet. Maybe we should have added a little salt. I liked it. Wife was "meh". . . We both got steaks. Wife got filet. I got the NY Strip. We ordered medium rare, and both came medium (or a little more--no pink). I was OK with that, but my wife sent it back. Waiter came back with a totally rare steak! I mean pretty much raw from about 1/4 in to the middle. We asked for a medium rare steak, so sent it back again. Waiter came back with a medium steak. Ug. I was halfway done, so my wife decided to eat it. It was good, but not what she ordered. We chose to stop complaining since we didn't think it would do any good.. . At any rate, I recommend the place, but check your steak when you get it. If it comes wrong, send them ALL back since you want all your food to come out at the same time. Ask for the manager too, maybe at least they can comp you the food. We should have done that.
Food was just OKAY. The steaks were thinner than expected and cooked more well than preferred. The french onion soup was a tad too salty for my taste. And the avocado salmon salad was just a typical salad... I wish it lived up to the hype but I can only say it was "okay".. . I do recommend that you sit outside. It's cooler & better lit than inside. Sitting outside reminds me of people watching in Paris. Plus, you'll get an amazing view of the Bellagio and score if there's a fountain show!
Best:  the French bread, creme brulee and the patio seating.. . Worst: our entrees didn't taste quite right.  We both ordered our steaks medium rare and one was gray while the other purple in the center.  We took that as an indication that the steaks were old.  Everything else was good they could have had a bad day with the steak.. . Overall: I will give this place another shot bc we really enjoyed the ambiance.
Serviceable, nice view when outside, but overall the food is just ok. Seems very mass produced which doesn't jive with the price.
This restaurant, located in the Paris, was just okay.  I had their breakfast a year ago, and it was really good (crepe pancakes). We had lunch this time, and I was underwhelmed. My French Onion soup was bland -- like beef broth poured on bread with melted cheese. My seafood crepe was way too salty. On top of the crepe were 3 shrimp and 2 scallops -- all were over grilled, making them tough and tasteless. The Bloody Mary was just not good. I always finish my drinks, but could not finish this one. I think I will choose the breakfast menu next time I go.
Service - Pretty good and attentive. . Food - I love eating here for breakfast because the Eggs Benedict and Poached Eggs dishes are one of the best I've had.. . My only biggest complaint and they should know this already but every time I get hash browns it's always cold, I always have to ask them to remake it. It seems the hash browns are premade and always kills the breakfast mood. They should know that everyone loves fresh cooked hash browns!!!.  . Overall, still love coming here in the mornings to sit outside the patio for the view of Bellagio and the city center.
This was just OK for us. Good service, but my skate wing fish was really dry and hubby's burger wasn't anything special. He really enjoyed the mac n cheese and I loved the frites, which were more like actual chips than fries.
When I went, I went with my family but this was a surprise dinner because I had already ate before we got here. So now I wasn't hungry and wanted something light. So I order a salad. . . This place is very loud. We were seated right next to the kitchen so all you can hear is dishes and glasses being banged together while they were cleaning them. The doors where closed to the patio since it was a cold night, which only made the people talking even louder. You can watch the fountain show from the restaurant, which is always nice. . . The salad arrives and we all look at each other and look back at the salad. It had nothing on it. A little spoonful of oil or something on the top but other than that, it was leafs. I don't know how much that was but I never seen anything like that. I guess the french are skinny for a reason. We returned it and they then ordered a burger for me. I remember that being good. Just didn't eat a lot of it. . . French food isn't for me.
I was excited to go here because of the 4 star reviews on Yelp, but ended up disappointed. I ordered the steak and fries. I thought hey, thin cut fries! They'll be sooo crispy, like potato chips! Yay! But in fact, the fries were.. Chewy. I didn't know that you can make potato chewy. As for the steak, it was way too salty for me. I didn't really enjoy my steak or fries. The service was quick and good though.
Steak frites have a pesto like butter sauce on them.. Very accomodating staff for our 3 children.. Quiche is divine, I'm still thinking of it.
I am not normally a fan of going to the strip to eat. I do however enjoy going here on occasion. I like this restaurant but it always seems cramped and crowded, tough to have a conversation. We arrived and were seated promptly due to having a reservation. Service was on top of getting us drink orders and appetizer round. As an Appetizer we had the warm Brie Cheese. A delightful appetizer that prepares your meal without feeling heavy. The Wife had that Almond trout. She always has this and it never disappoints. I had Gabi's Fish & Frites. Basically fish and chips. This was not what I expexted and was greatly surprised. It is a pan fried trout with Panko crust. I really enjoy their tarter sauce i had to order extra. Overall a great meal despite the cramped feeling during the meal.
Always a reliable go to in Vegas. Their Baramundi over grilled asparagus was excellent, not a regular on the menu. Normally comes with a chickpea puree; however, I'm not a big fan of chickpea puree so I asked for the grilled asparagus and the wait staff was so nice to accommodate.
Atmosphere- and ambiance-wise this is a great spot in the center of the Las Vegas Strip for people watching and feeling as if you are a true tourist; however, the meals aren't extraordinary for the price.  As my chef friends have mentioned, this is a "turn-and-burn" type of restaurant.  If you are a true foodie, you would understand.
Make a reservation before you come here.  We made that mistake and waited about an hour for a table.  . . If you are looking for a nice and quite place to catch up with a friend or have a romantic dinner, this is not your place.  This place is actually pretty loud.. . Service here was impeccable.  Our waters were always filled and the server check on us often to see if we need anything.  They have a good system going on and it is working well!. . Items ordered:. . French Onion Soup - OMG....this soup is soooooooo good.  This is a must try!. . Steak Bearnaise - Steak was okay.  I think I rather have a big chuck on steak than having a thin slice.  Althoughit was think, it was still cook to perfection.  The sauce that came with it was okay only.  This dish also came with Pomme Frites which was pretty good.. . Grilled Asparagus - nothing special... just grilled asparagus.. . Nice place to dine but I just gotta remember to make reservations the next time I come to try different items on the menu.
Gatsby-esque dining by the pavilion area. Hmm, Chocolate-Hazelnut Waffle, Eggs Florentine, Lemon Pancakes or Quiche Lorraine? Options like these, it had my foodie mojo pumped. But the high wore off into a malaise as I got into the second hour. But is it the restaurant's fault, or my wife's?. . We finished our breakfast,but as implied, my wife wanted more. Could the Brioche be better at the "Paris Las Vegas" than it is back home? Verdict: Brioche really not that good, really didn't melt in my mouth like really fluffy versions of it do. Not nearly good as good as Los Angeles or San Francisco standards. Plus, because of my wife, I had to wait 40 extra minutes for order, eat and exit. Drove me nuts. Is there a wisdom to be gained here? Such as: Don't let wife order extra meal. I dunno, I'm so over "Paris." But put on "Funny Face" (1957) with Audrey Hepburn on my DVD and I'm enchanted with life all over again. #crabbywhiteguy
French food is usually awesome.  While Mon Ami Gabi is a good restaurant because it serves good French food, I wouldn't go out of your way to come here if in Vegas.  I live in Boston and every French place I've been to there is better than Mon Ami Gabi.  A French place with no duck on the menu?  Never seen that before.  Look for something else becauseyou can do French better almost anywhere else.  . . That being said, it is still serviceable French food and a worthy option if you are in a bind and looking for a nice restaurant at a fairly reasonable price (for Vegas).
Food was Ok, nothing too special, but what really annoyed me and my group was that our waiter was extremely rude. Also, one of the steaks arrived cold!
I came here right before I was about to leave for Vegas for lunch. The outdoor seating at the time was pretty crowded so we opted for inside seating since the wait was only a few minutes. The ambiance here is nice and seems upscale, but everyone is wearing shirts and shorts. At the time I had shorts and a bro tank on. You CANNOT wear a tank here if you are a guy! They will make you put this ridiculously large white shirt on. I matched the damn tablecloth... It's a good thing I don't get embarrassed easily, but I did think it was dumb to not allow tanks during lunch. I understand dinner, but not lunch.. . ===Service===. . Since we had a little mishap with the shirts the service here lacked as well. They probably figured a group of Asians coming in and not even wearing the proper attire won't tip much. They took forever to come and take our order or to give us bread. Everyone else around us was getting great service except us. Poor customer service.. . ===Food===. . Steak classique: Steak frites with a maitre d'hotel butter. The steak was very reasonably priced for the size. It was larger than I expected and for the most part it was tender. The butter was green and I'm assuming it was blended with parsley and some other greens to give it that color. The butter was surprisingly flavorless. I had to add some salt and pepper to give it more flavor. The fries were more of thinly sliced potatoes, but they retained way too much oil. They definitely didn't take out the additional oil on the fries. The dish was good for the price in my opinion. The flavor was the thing that killed it for me though. 3/5. . Average food with a nice ambiance in Vegas. There's too many other places with good food in my opinion. Most likely won't come back here.
THe setting is nice and if you hit the right time and table you can see the Bellagio fountain.  As for my food, I am giving this an okay.  The escargot was actually pretty good.  If rating on just that I would give it a 4 star.  I enjoyed dipping the bread into the escargot olive oil.  Yum.  However, for my main course I got a steak. MEH...Definitely not very good.  It's a very thin cut of steak, kind of chewy (not in a good way) and the seasoning was lacking.  What a shame.  I expected more....
i would have given this restaurant 5 stars, but i cant because they dont seem to have basic restaurant manners. dined 07/28 8:00pm. . #1. reservation was at 7:30pm - bf and i arrived at 7:15. waitress tells us that they are extremely busy, so even with a reservation, we need to wait 20~30 min past 7:30. OK b*tch, whats the point of calling a week ahead for reservations, if i need to wait. restaurants shouldnt over-book peak times. . . #2. our server came back twice. once to take our order and once to ask if we wanted dessert. never came with diet coke.. . #3. the lady next to us huffs and puffs into the table, she was in an extremely crappy mood bc she thought a corner booth was a HORRIBLE spot to sit in. then she takes out her phone and proceeds to turn on her FLASHLIGHT to look at the menu! :O she left if on for over 15 min. every single time she twitched, the light reflected off her glass of water into my eyes. at this point im about to flip her table, but i dont want to ruin everyone else's dinner. i call over a waiter, couldnt get his name, but he is the tallest bald one of the night. this douche grins, then tells me he cant tell her what to do. im not pissed bc he didnt do anything, im pissed bc of the way he handled the situation. 20 secs later, i see him walking to a bunch of waiters and waitresses near our booth - he laughs, they laugh. fuck this guy. . . there are 2 reasons i am giving this place 3 stars:.       1. food was good. .       2. i saw the restaurant manager? guy in a suit? he grabbed the diet coke for us, brought us extra bread, and asked if we were enjoying our meal. . . NEVER AGAIN.
Since I live on the strip I have dined  in many restaurants here. Mon Ami Gabi is nothing special. The food is above average  the sides are large. Dining on the patio is nice during the cooler months but you can't reserve seating there.  Las Vegas used to noted for it's service however that quality is hard to find anymore. I think that todays generation is getting what they ask for and expect. This restaurant is better than some in other casinos on the strip. Prices are  reasonable when compared to Bellagio and Caesars. Face it if you can get out under 150 (tip included) for dinner, desert, and a drink each for 2 on the strip at a good restaurant   consider that a bargain.
I've been here a couple times. It's got a great view of the strip and Bellagio fountains. LOL Yea let's go to Paris and watch the fountain show at Bellagio. HA! I actually like this place. I wouldn't consider it super French. Although the food is approachable French food. Not overly Americanized. But tasty. The Escargot with herb butter is a must. Stop being a wimp. Snails are almost  like eating clams except they're faster. It's pretty legit. But I end up always orderingthe same thing. Steak. Eh. Maybe it's my obsession with red meat and my urge to fix a car and have sex after. But it's a manly meal. . I prefer the steak frites with classic butter. That's fancy for fries...yea. Fries. But it's ok They have lighter foods like salads and seafood, oysters, fish, etc. But I never go for it. Maybe I just don't give this place enough credit. Maybe I should come here with a girl and be super impressive. Nah......
We wanted to try the best of the best, so we aimed toward the more expensive items on the menu, which are the filet mignon and the seafood platter.  It was like something I can easily make at home.  I was hyped up because of the high ratings on Yelp and so I was left disappointed.   We didn't even care to stay for desserts.
Who knew the French could make great burgers?  Overall good experience here. The bread was awesome. The food my friends had looked great. Their beer selection could use improvement and the staff looked busy and not very open to conversation. If you do go I suggest a seat in the patio. Great people watching out there. Next time I go I want to try the bloody mary bar. Looks interesting.
Had high hopes, perhaps that was the problem. . . - nice atmosphere. - awful wines. - sub par escargot. - great steak with merlot reduction . - skate wing (sting ray) was decent. - trout was over salted. - mussels were decent
Location is important and in that respect this place is wonderful.   The patio sits across the Boulevard from the fountains at Bellagio.  When the weather is right... this place has one of the best locations in Las Vegas.  When it is 100+ or the wind is blowing...  or other undesirable weather presents itself...  this place is much less impressive.  . . The food is pricy upscale French / American bistro.  Nothing remarkable but all prepared well.  The service can be spotty at times... but when you have the right day on the Patio...  who cares if you are left waiting at the table.  . . The place is always crowded so plan ahead.  Its not a great meal... but on the right day it can be a great experience.
Location is the real selling point here (center strip) and if you can get a seat outside or on the patio, you'll get a nice view of the Bellagio fountains. The inside is a bit dark and dingy looking but overall the food is pretty solid. Went for brunch and I had the chicken & mushroom crepe (pretty good) and the girlfriend had the egg salad sandwich (delicious). Bread to start the meal was also great, however the french fries and chips they served on the side were a bit disappointing. . . I was really excited to hear that they had a DIY Bloody Mary bar but this was also a bit of a letdown. They have a few toppings but nothing extravagant which is what I was expecting from the waiter's sales pitch. Maybe my standards are too high when it comes to Bloody Mary's but I wouldn't pay extra for this particular bar.. . Service was friendly but slow and I had to flag down the waiter numerous times to order, ask for refills of water, etc. I think brunch is the best time to go here and I would go back but not if there was a wait.
The view is great but the food was mediocre at best.  Ive eaten here before and loved it.  this time the service was slow and my steak luke warm.  We made a reservation but still had to wait in line with the walk-ins.  Too many other great restaurants on the strip to waste time here again.
Atmosphere- and ambiance-wise this is a great spot in the center of the Las Vegas Strip for people watching and feeling as if you are a true tourist; however, the meals aren't extraordinary for the price.  As my chef friends have mentioned, this is a "turn-and-burn" type of restaurant.  If you are a true foodie, you would understand the notion of these types of restaurants.  Nonetheless, I would still come back to try other entrees on the menu.
Ate there with a large group while visiting LV for a conference. . First the food: our dinner was great! Started with the escargot and oysters both of which were very tasty. The escargot was cooked well, not chewy or rubbery but soft,  and delicate. I ordered the steak tartare (come on raw steak, all i can say is yes. . .) it was wonderful, meaty and served with pickles and a whole grain mustard, oh and let's not forget the gems on the plate. the pickled pearl onions, I would have eaten a pound of them if i could. . that being said lets talk about the way you get seated. regardless of your reservation time you have to stand in a line waiting for seating. this makes NO sense what so ever. It is an issue that can easily be corrected by placing a hostess stand outside the restaurant, oh wait they have one of those but all they do is say ok now you have to stand in line and check in. So why are they there? No reason from what i can surmise. So we got into line 15 min before our 8 pm reservation. we finally got seated at 9pm! This is an issue that could easily be solved by giving the hostesses standing outside the restaurant the ability to check in people with reservations instead of standing in line. You charge top $$ for food but are the worst at organization of your seating. I will NOT be going back for this reason. there are similar restaurants with similar food with better organization. .  . Just be warned if you go make sure you get in line and you MAY get seated around your reservation time.
We made reservation and were seated immediately. The waitress was a little odd. She asked if we have any question on the menu. I started asking her about the steak frites. One of the option was pink peppercorn and I ask her what's in it. She said it the pepper and showed me the pepper bottle. Hmm, I know what's peppercorn is but my question is what's in it. Also, she left us to chat somewhere else and we have to waive to someone else to get the check. On side note, coffee and water were refilled. She did not picked up the glass to refill it. Ahh, it's okay .. the water from the side jug was dripping to my frites. Anyway, the food was okay. The steak was more welldone than my medium liking. The frites were awesome. My honey Gabi fish was a luttle on the dry side. But the frites were sooo good!
Very good food and very big portions however the staff was very slow and lacked attention to detail ... I just ask that my drink stayed filled and even that took forever and any request made ie ketchup or syrup would have left your food cold by the time it arrived.
My experience was soured by our first interaction with the management staff. The hostess was seating us at a table near the kitchen, which I specifically said I did not want in my reservation request, so I pointed to a table for two near the windows to the patio (which is what I had requested.) She said "sure" but began walking us in a different direction. The manager, who had been standing nearby and overheard my request, began repeatedly yelling a table number at the hostess, and when she didn't immediately respond, he clapped his hands in her face and rudely pointed her to the table I had requested. It was embarrassing for me as a guest to have the manager basically treat the hostess as if she were an animal (perhaps he clapped in her face because he didn't know her name, which is just as pathetic.) I told her "I'm sorry. That was not okay." She was almost in tears, as I'm sure she was humiliated as well.  I can only assume that this is his normal behavior, as I also saw him shoo a busser away from a table in a very degrading manner as well.  In the event that any upper management would like to educate this particular person on the proper treatment of his staff, I would identify him as a thin, taller man in his mid fifties, working on Wednesday, September 4th around 10:30 am. . My star rating is not based on this experience, rather, it is based on the food. Our server, Ryan, was extremely prompt, knowledgeable, and friendly. Our meals were good, but nothing amazing. My husband had the French toast and I had the eggs Benedict. Neither entree was hot...just warm. My breakfast potatoes (aka hash browns) were barely warm. I assume they would have remade the dishes had we said something, but I really didn't want to wait. The coffee was very weak...like coffee flavored water.. The highlight of the meal was definitely the bacon. (Thank you to Ryan for encouraging me to order it!) It was thick cut, glazed with date syrup(?) It was really good but would have been even better if it was hot!. The ambiance was very nice (view of Bellagio and the strip and it was light, bright and airy) which, I assume, is the reason this restaurant has gotten such high ratings everywhere.. Most of the reason we come to Las Vegas is to enjoy the food, and I would probably not come here again....I would much prefer Bouchon or the breakfast buffet at Caesars Palace.
Food was ok. What it has going for it is the view from the outside terrace
MEN!! WEAR A SLEEVED SHIRT! Look, I get it. This place is a very nice restaurant in the indoor seating area and the patio is a fairly nice as well (if you discount the drunks walking the strip while sucking down Smirnoff bottles slurring at people enjoying a nice meal). It just doesn't sit very well with me that because I was wearing a tank top (in the Vegas heat), I was asked to put on a white t-shirt (free of charge) to dine here. Especially when seated directly behind me was a semi-trashily dressed middle aged woman in her BIKINI TOP!  Rant over. Food was good, service was very good. I ordered the eggs benedict, which was tasty. Our server was very prompt to re-fill our coffee and water. I'd like to give the indoor part of the restaurant a shot for dinner. The decor was very nice and seems like it would be a very fine place to dine. Look for a follow-up review on this one.
solid place, good breakfast option. The only issue is the service is completely hit or miss depending on who you get and at what time. We have walked out from too long a wait a time or too and that is really unacceptable for a vegas spot.
I thought the French onion soup was a little sweet for my taste.
Came here for breakfast - the service was great, the food was pretty good. But aside from the French Toast that my sister got, nothing seems to stand out in my mind. It was good, but not GREAT, and pretty pricey. But, hey, that's Vegas. However, breakfast places in Vegas are few and far between, so I'll most likely be back.
The service suuuuuuuuucked. I feel like our waitress was new, so I should give her a break ( they all have number tags...not name tags....#12), but she was soooooo slow and spacey. The food was just ok. Go for the people watching.....otherwise, skip it.
I went here for dinner on a Wednesday night. We wanted to sit outside so we had to wait 45 minutes. The hostess gave us a pager but it had a small range: we were confined to one small section of the Paris casino, and it wouldn't work outside. We ended up waiting the full 45 minutes (plus about 5-10 more for good measure).. . Finally we were led to our table, which was directly across from the Bellagio. Front row seats for the fountains! However, we were also right next to the wait station, so servers were congregating less than a foot from my chair for the entire meal. Awkward, and really close quarters.. . Our waitress was excellent. Very friendly, clearly knew the menu backwards and forwards. I got the half order of mussels, and she accidentally put an order in for the full size- she let me know her mistake, and said of course she would only charge me for what I ordered but she wanted to warn me in case I ordered the half-size again in the future and was surprised at the size!. . So the food: the free baguette and butter were great. We both got French onion soup, which was okay. Not bad, but also not great: a little sweet, way more bread than cheese, and definitely not worth $10. I wouldn't order it again. My mom got the steak classique, which was great. I got the mussels, which were mediocre. I wasn't a fan of the wine sauce, there was almost a sour note to it? Again, not terrible but I wouldn't order it again. The fries were good, but cut so thin (and so salty!) they were almost like potato chips. We didn't have any dessert, but the table next to us had the creme brulee and it looked pretty great.. . I was not overly impressed with the food, but the view cannot be beat. Lots of people-watching on the Strip, and after 7 pm the Bellagio fountains have a show every 15 minutes. The food was not amazing, but I'd be willing to try it again and just order different dishes. The escargot and the roasted chicken looked promising!
Have eaten there several time and sometimes it's great and sometimes it's just okay, the atmosphere is good but for the price the food needs to be more consistant,
Very nice atmosphere. The waitress was pleasant and the French Onion soup was good, I've honestly had better French Onion soup at Jason's Deli, no offense, but it was still a nice time!
The "fries" are likely not what you expect. Think french fried onions, only with potatoes. Very finely cut and fried to a crisp.. . Not bad, per se. But not so great.
The bread was good, warm.  My hubby had the onion soup and I had the scallops which did not look like the photo.  The scallops were cooked well but the veggies were over cooked and they mushed peas to a mash potato consistency (was kind of gross).  One of the waiters poured the water dropping ice all over the place.  Again is was alright.
I made a reservation through Open Table for a family birthday party celebration. When we arrived I confirmed that they knew one of the people on our party was in a wheel chair.  I said it twice and the hostess barely acknowledged me and was more concerned with me getting our entire party into the tiny, packed entry way to prove all of us were there.  We proceeded to block traffic with the wheelchair so no one old get in or out which really didn't seem safe and made a number of people trying to leave angry.  The hostess, however did not seem to care.  . . Once we were seated I ordered specialty martini for $12.50 and while it tasted good it was very light on the alcohol.. . My husband started the meal with the chilled apple and celery soup with creme freche and sprinkled dill.  It had a nice flavor and consistency. . . For dinner my husband and I both ordered the filet.  I chose the merlot and butter sauce and he went with the creme freche.  Both steaks were cooked nicely and were very tender.  I had the frites (fries) which were seasoned better than the steak in my opinion.  My husband had the macaroni gratin (Mac and cheese).  We both agreed it was ok.  Nothing bad about it just nothing spectacular.  Other people in our party had hanger steaks, salmon and burgers.  Overall, the salmon with green beans seemed to get the best reviews.  . . We ended our meal with the chocolate torte with salted caramel ice cream.  The torte was bitter but the ice cream helped to cut the bitterness.  The ice cream was delicious. . . The best part of our meal was our server.  He was very attentive and all of our food was prepared correctly.  He answered all of our questions and we never had an empty glass.. . All in all it was an ok experience, but for the price I'll definitely choose a different restaurant next time.
On my last business trip to Vegas, I knew I had to try to stop here for dinner. Made a reservation for 7:30 pm and there was a line for those with reservations! Crazy! Luckily, they had space by the bar so after waiting in line for my turn, I was seated and went straight to ordering.. . Complimentary baguette (yum!) with butter to snack on before your meal comes.. . French onion soup $10 - come pipping hot and very filling. Thick cheese with generous portions of onions. This is enough to be a meal by itself. . . Hangar steak $20 - steak on the lower end of the price spectrum. Great sauce, pretty salty (I'm sure finishing the french onion soup beforehand added to the salty taste), and pretty fatty. I had difficulty cutting into it. Would not recommend this cut of meat. . . This place has wonderful atmosphere and I'm sure it's even better on the outdoor patio, for another day when it's easier to grab a spot without a long wait. The french onion soup should not be missed, while the hangar steak definitely should not be revisited.
It has a nice view of the street, I mean the Bellagio fountain. Food is ok, and ambiance is nice, but loud.
Went for brunch on a busy Saturday. We sat out on the patio but didn't wait too long (maybe 15 mins?.. 30 minutes? My sense of time in vegas is nonexistent) They do omelettes right! The eggs were nice and fluffy but nothing to write home about. Standard brunch fare. The coffee was also very good. And thewhipped cream for the waffles. mmmmm.....
It's really 3.5 stars. Love the location: right across the street from the Bellagio Fountains so you can see the fountain shows Q15-20 min while you're enjoying your meal. The food on the other hand was so so .But then again, I got their onion soup, and perhaps I should have gone with something else, but my throat wasn't feeling so good so I decided to get something warm. The cheese was all clumped together as one huge chunk, and there was a large piece of bread stuffed inside the soup that was soggy. The soup itself tasted just ok, but slightly salty for my taste. The brie cheese with chestnuts was delicious, and I would definitely recommend it. . . However, I'm willing to come back to try more food from the menu, and you really can't beat the scenic view.
Monday morning we decided to have lunch at this place. It was not very busy and we asked to be seated outside. We got seated in couple of minutes. But it took our waitress full 15 minutes to come check on us and see what wanted to drink. I ordered onion soup and seafood crepe.  The onion soup was very sweet, when I complained the waiters told me it's the Spanish onions and not sugar.  But it was to sweet for my taste she took the Onion soup away but did not take it off the bill. The crepe was good with lots of shrimp and scallops. The best part was the baguette, we ate 2 of these baguette with butter and jam. The coffee was weak and slightly warm to the touch.
I went here with family . This is a average strip restaurant. This place isn't great its just alright . I've been here for breakfast and dinner service both just okay. For out of towners this would seem awesome but to a Vegas local I've  had much better off the strip.
Had lunch at Mon Ami Gabi on a Friday afternoon around 12:30.  Never thought we would need a reservation as it was not a big Vegas (4th of July, Memorial Day, New Years, etc) weekend, but there was a wait.  They said it would be less than 15 minutes and they were right.  So, it wasn't horrible.  The weather was great so we decided to sit on the patio, but be advised, it's CROWDED out there.  They really cram you in.  . . We shared the chicken liver pate, escargots and oysters for appetizers.  The winner for me was the chicken liver pate.  Velvety and rich, but not overly so.  I will say, I don't think they serve enough crustinis with it, so I recommend you either order more or immediately ask for more from your server.  We got more bread very quickly, service was spot on.  The escargots were cooked well, tender and flavorful.  The garlic herb butter they serve them in is fantastic.  The oysters were solid, nothing to write home about.. . To eat, I had the prime steak sandwich.  The horseradish cream left something to be desired, not nearly as much heat as I expected from a horseradish dish.  The steak was not thinly sliced which made it more difficult to eat.  It also needed more seasoning.. . Overall, it was a good, but not spectacular meal.  I would return, but may sit at the bar or inside.
I've been wanting to come to this place a few times and this time, I went with a group of girls (9 of us).  We had reservations at 11:30am and we checked in at exactly 11:30.  The waitress told us to wait on the side.  So if you have reservations, shouldn't you be seated at most in 5 minutes?  We had to wait an extra 10 minutes.  After that, the hostess said, "party of 8?"  uhhh no party of nine. "please wait one moment."  more and more and more waiting...Finally we sat down at 11:45am (15 minutes of waiting).  We pretty much had the worse seats in the house.  Outside, in between the restaurant inside where people walk in and out.  We got the whiff of wind constantly blowing at us because of the breezeway.  Already feeling a little upset..... . 2 loafs of bread was brought out with butter, and we all had water and one ice tea.  10 minutes later, our orders were taken.  Mind, you, we finished the bread in less than 5 minutes with 9 girls.  Waitress came back with our waters and ice tea.  10 minutes later, refilled ice tea...another 10 minutes later, brought out knives for those who needed them.  15 minutes later, grabbed our small plates which we ate our bread on.   10 minutes later brought out condiments such as ketchup, butter, and jam. we asked for more bread as well since we were all starving. We have been waiting for our food for about 45 minutes already.  It was taking forever...and the service was pretty poor too.  Finally we get our food, along with the bread we asked for earlier, We were angry because once the food came out, the majority of our plates were kinda cold.  The only hot thing was the burger my friend got and they probably made that last.. . I ordered the eggs benedict.  Nothing to fancy.  The only thing I really enjoyed was the hash browns.  That was delicious but everything else was mediocre.  A lot of my friends said their dish was okay as well.  I heard the burger was good and they do look good but my tummy was not in a burger mood.  . . We scarfed down our food in about 20 minutes.  Looked at the watch and we were there for about 1.5 hours!  Ridiculous!  This is definitely not a good place to go if you have a large group.  Maybe a few people would be okay but go somewhere else if you have a big party,....even with a reservation!. . NOTE:. -do not come here if you are on a time crunch. -inside/outside seating
Amazing food, service was a little slow for 10PM at night.
Taste: 3. Value: 3.5. Cleanliness: 4. Atmosphere: 4. Wait time:4. Overall:3. 1 being the worst, and 5 being the best. . . . Came here with a big group( of 14) and we were some how able to get reservations, I was told this place is usually booked out a month in advance, and some how there was a drop out and we got lucky( we were trying to book about 3 weeks out). . . Even though we had reservations it still took over 30 minutes to get us seated which was a bit disappointing especially when you are hungry.. They ambiance is dark lighting, semi romantic. as you walk in you dont feel like you in vegas, which is nice to get away for a second.. . I order steak of course, which they are know for, the steaks are average between 25-35. I was say this was the best steak that I had for the price, most steaks under 20 dollars taste like rubber, and usually the only other steaks that I like are LB steak, Alexanders, Sage, craft steak etc, but those run you closer to 80-90 which are good too.. . The steak I ordered rare and came as asked, flavors were good, tender juicy. The cut it self was pretty thin, I was expecting more of a normal cut, but for the price it cant be beat.. . They also give you full sized bread baggets at the table when you sit which were nice, I used mine to soak up some of the juices from my steak.. . The fried onion things that came with it were okay, not much flavor, it felt like you were eating/ tasting just air.. . . Over all I would come back again, at the price point the quality/ value is very good, however the wait/ reservation part is banannas
This place was very decent for breakfast, but had a lot of downsides. We came at 10:30am with no reservation but there were many open tables. There were 6 girls all at the hostess booth and it was clear they had no idea what they were doing or how to act appropriately. They were confused, giggling, whispering in each others ears (I'm not joking) and overall just rude and completely idiotic. They told us we would be seated immediately yet waited 30 minutes. Many more people started coming in and were told to wait as well, but there was no where for anyone to stand so everyone was crowded in a small space around the hostess booth and were told rudely by the hostesses to move. Anyways once seated, there were about 60 flustered waiters that were all running around yet doing absolutely nothing. One waiter for water. One waiter for bread. One waiter for drink orders. One for food. None would make eye contact when it was obvious we needed something. They also were barely speaking audible English and overall it was the strangest service. Now the food was decent...not anything amazing, just ok. The scrambled eggs were a little bland an cold, the bacon was good, the hash browns were totally undercooked and bland. I was very hungry and hungover so with the right amount of salt and ketchup it was decent. If anything, I HIGHLY recommend the Nutella waffles with homemade whipped cream....wow. Amazing. I'm giving it 3 stars because the prices were very decent ($11.99 for my 3 eggs/bacon/hash) and the location was beautiful. I usually never mention service in my reviews but this place seriously needs some new management. But honestly I feel like 80% of the people that work in Vegas are strange, confused, rude and stupid. Not to be mean....but I've gone twice and always notice how incompetent everyone is.
Great atmosphere. Very tres-chic. The candles on the table and dim lighting give a nice romantic-feel but it's really loud. Food was a-ok. Not the best steak I had but the great wine selection makes up for it. Oh, and the view of the Bellagio water show was not too shabby. Would I go here again next time I'm in Vegas? Yes, if I'm craving good wine and decent food at a reasonable price.
Service is Ok, the food was OK , not what it used to be
There were 5 Hostesses at the front desk and still no one took us to our seat.  Reading other reviews, I guess this must be normal.  Once I asked one of them, we were seated right away.  I was pleased to see we were indoors/outdoors in the enclosed patio area as awfully dark inside for lunch.  Pleasant surroundings, darling hotel/casino and good service.  This was a reunion with 4 people so we dawdled and no one showed any sign of wanting us to leave.  $207 was a bit hefty for lunch but it included some very good wine.  . The famed Onion Soup was sweet which was a surprise - good but not great.  I had the salmon salad which was cooked to perfection but the greens were difficult to manage.  One person ordered the special sandwich on a Ciabatta roll - it came on just plain bread and didn't look too special.. I would like to try again for dinner.  It is charming.
Got the Steak Classique which didnt seem like anything special. The quality of the steak was average and felt like I could make it at home, but the maitre d'hotel butter that was on top was pretty good. I think I was deciding between this and my usual choice of steak which is the Filet, but it was lunch time so it seemed more proper to get this dish. Should've been safe and went with the filet. Their fries were interesting but not amazing, got kind of oily near the end.. . The item I remember most would probably be the french onion soup, or the . Onion Soup Au Gratin which was baked with gruyere cheese. That was full of cheesy deliciousness, one of the best french onion soups I've had in awhile.. . I also tried my friend's Steak Au Poivre (brandy peppercorn) and Steak Bordelaise (caramelized onion & red wine sauce), and ultimately their sauces were satisfying, but I just didnt enjoy the steak itself.. . Also, the two guys I was with were both wearing tanks and had to wear a huge white t over because apparently a tall t is so much better.. . Overall, not bad but maybe I should give it another shot before jumping to conclusions. If you do come here definitely try the French Onion Soup because that was what made a lasting impression.
Not sure what all the fuss is about, absolutely great location, however, the food was eh, the service hit and miss. We had happy hour cocktails, nice house rose champagne, beer selection was onthe short side. The appetizer plate was sparse, actually served us dried bread on our cheese plate, it was less than enthusiastic. The warm olives were nice, served in a deep bowl very generous, really added a nice touch. Like I said great location. That's about all, not a huge fan.
The main reason we selected this restaurant was to dine on the patio and watch the lovely fountain show across the street at the Bellagio so our expectations on food and service weren't terribly high. In the end, we left quite pleased with our  brunch experience.. . We started the meal with  a carafe of their version of sangria which was delicious and not too sweet as well as the baked goat cheese. I was a bit surprised by the goat cheese as it was served at the center of an interesting tomato sauce and I had never seen that before. It came with crispy garlic bread which was good but I preferred it with the  baguette that was served at the on set of the meal. . . For our entrees, we opted for a chicken sandwich with caramelized onions and sliced apples and a cobb salad. The sandwich was really a let down. The ciabatta roll it was served on drowned out all of the potentially good flavors and overall the flavors were on the sweet side. The salad however was delicious with fresh avocado, turkey, crispy bacon. The house dressing was a great compliment. . . For the location on the strip, the prices were very reasonable and we left happy. All in all a very decent place to grab a bite and take in the sights of Vegas.
I think this place is good, but it's not great.  It's got a nice view of the Bellagio fountains, and has some really good bread.  With that said, I don't think I'd get the steaks here, I didn't really like it too much.  The steaks were not as charred as I liked, and those frittes were under seasoned and underwhelming.  The pate was good, and the escargot was yummy, but like I said, underwhelming.  I will give them props for their service, the waitress was really sweet and attentive.  Don't know if I'd go again, but it was good.
was good. thankfully i did not pay for the food, otherwise i'd probably be upset.. . looked around for the "best burger in las vegas" and thought it'd be here. it wasn't.. . the search journeys on.. . . **first time eating snails, though! that earned it an extra star.
Had brunch here on our visit to Vegas.. . The Good:. 1. Nice location inside Paris Hotel. Ask to sit in the outdoor terrace or the glassed in terrace. Beautiful Views.. 2. Service was excellent. 3. Food choices were plenty.. . What we had:. 1. Quiche (with squash and spinach) - Just OK. We've had better.. 2. Cinnamon "pancake" is actually a crepe - excellent!. 3. Chicken, brie, spinach crepe - just OK. 4. Breakfast Americain - with scrambled eggs and bacon - just OK. 5. Coffee was just OK. Overall, depending on what you get food can be hit or miss.. . You are mainly going for the atmosphere and the experience so take it all in.
Went here with friends for lunch on Monday afternoon. The patios is nice to sit at. The food was average at best. I had the chicken crepe which was ok but was lacking in flavor.  Also had the profiteroles for desert, and they were disappointing. The puffs were chewy and stale. Was expecting more. Disappointing.
Everyone I know likes the place but when I went there, the waiters were in a rush for you to eat and leave. I will probably give it another shot and see if my initial assessment is correct
My husband and 1 year old son came to celebrate our 2 year anniversary last night. We arrived 5 minutes early pior to our reservation time and didn't get seated until 10 minutes after our reservation time. They seated a walk in reservation before us. I work hosting on the strip as well and I know reservations are first priority not walkins. We made our reservation on open table and specified it was an anniversary and needed a high chair. When we arrived we were still asked if we needed a high chair. I hope a 1 year old baby needs a high chair. It was already in their open table notes as well. Just thought that was a blonde move.. We go seated in a rather crowed area where the food runners almost hit us with their trays a couple of times.. A little annoying.. We started with a bottle of Bordeaux that has great taste but it was too cool for my liking. I like my red wines more room temperature than chilled. My husband and I tried the smoked salmon. Those were my favorite! Loved the capers and the creme fresh and I love smoked salmon. We also had the escargot, I only agreed to try them because on our honeymoon in Paris I was too scared. Not bad they were pretty good. My husband said they needed more butter and flavor. I had to try their Onion soup au gratin since I had the BEST onion soup on Paris my mouth just waters thinking about it. My hopes were too high:( the soup was good but the flavors were not there. The cheese wasn't as texturized and crunchy like in Paris.. - my husband ordered the chicken paillard that I tasted and loved. It had that perfect delicious lemon vinaigrette! . - I had the steak classique I wanted a steak with simple delicious flavors. It had an herb compound butter that I enjoyed but the steak itself was like stringy and chewy. It was probably jot the best quality or cut of steak. The frites that came with the steak did not catch my attention flavorless.. - I ordered mac and cheese so our 1 year old could also experience Mon Ami Gabi. I tasted it just to make sure it wasn't to hot for him it tasted a little too salty but it was good and the baby really liked it he nearly finished the whole thing. It came in a cute little divided tray with veggies wnd apples. That was cute. . - I love creme brulee but I did not like the fact that our desserts came out almost right after we ordered them. The sugar on top of the creme brulee was not fresly torched they had been sitting in the refrigerator and was dissapointed because it was not torched right before it came to The table. My husband ordered the Profiteroles those were really good but came three to an order. Fairly large for a dessert but delicious. . . *overall a good dinner just wish my steak wasn't chewy and stringy. . -Also when I go out for a dinner experience I expect a little more of a friendlier service from our server. Which was way off. Our server came to our table said hello. That was it then took our drink order. I work in a restaurant on the strip and every server that touches a table at my job always introduces themselves. Which I look forward too. Our server......I Dont remember his name he did not say his name he didn't care or bother too. I just wish he would've put more effort in his job rather then just taking our order.
nice view, good service
If you're going to eat at Mon Ami Gabi, make sure you get seated outside...especially if you go at night. Even as Las Vegas locals, we had a lot of fun sitting outside watching the fountains. They've also got a really good heating system outside making it comfortable on colder nights.. . As far as food goes...it was okay. I had the steak au poivre which came out overcooked for my taste and pretty dang tough. For whatever reason, the brandy peppercorn sauce was all over half my fries and not the steak so I didn't think the flavor was all that great either. My wife ordered the filet bordelaise which blew mine away. Her steak was tender and topped with just the right amount of onions and a really tasty red wine sauce. We enjoyed the frites too and they give you a huge portion!. . The service was ok but I felt extremely rushed. Our waiter seemed annoyed that our table took a bit of time to decide on what to eat and spend some time chatting after dinner. With drinks and tip, our bill was $400 which may be small to them but doesn't mean we should get subpar service. Maybe it was just a bad night but nothing blew me away and I wouldn't go out of my way to come back.
Food was pretty good,  and you can't beat the view. Disappointed in the number of options,  but glad to see they have a gluten free menu.
Seafood crepe is good but the steak is average. Good choice for lunch die to the sunshine on strip.
This place seemed pretty popular from the packed tables and line waiting out front.  We lucked out and got a view of the Bellagio fountains which truly added to the ambiance.  I would call the service brisk and generally efficient, but not necessarily warm and attentive.  But then again, this place was filled up on a Sunday night.  And of course in Vegas, God help you if you need to go to the restroom.  The hike in my stilettos out of the restaurant and across the casino floor to hit the loo was a drag but typically the case in that town.  . . I had the filet with some type of creme fraishe topper that honestly could have been one of the most tender steaks I've ever had.   Other sides for the table were for me generally unremarkable.  I'm really glad I had the opportunity to check out this place, but not sure I'd go out of my way to visit again.  Granted, that view and that steak, I just might reconsider.
Mon Ami Gabi is situated at the front of the Paris Las Vegas hotel, but the Parisian theme is applied much more subtly inside the dining room than in the rest of the host resort.. . We were seated at a table located at an odd intersection between two dining areas and the kitchen doors which meant a steady stream of servers passing back and forth. This added a fun air of hustle-and-bustle that you might experience in a Parisian Bistro. It was fine at lunch time, but might not be what you want during a romantic date night dinner.. . I Started with the Onion Soup au Gratin, which arrived piping hot and topped with a bubbling layer of gratineed cheese. The soup itself was far too sweet and far too gloopy, a symptom of the baguette slices that had been submerged in the dish rather than floated on top of it as is traditional.. . My entree was much better; filet of Pacific Snapper pan-fried in a light herb batter that lent a subtle texture to the fish. The fish sat on top of lobster cream and butternut squash orzo pasta, which was light and flavorful. . . There was a broad selection of French wines available, plus a limited, but high quality selection of beers.. . I would eat at Mon Ami Gabi again.
