A birthday dinner bought us to Ichiza recently.  We had a reservation, but they still weren't able to seat us for 20 minutes or so after we arrived. We got seats at the end of the sushi bar, a fine spot, though a bit cramped. The little house appetizer they brought out was fair, but nothing extraordinary. The menu was decent, but the specials (all over the walls and above the bar) seemed to offer much more variety and interest. Unfortunately, there didn't seem to be rhyme or reason as to where to find anything on the walls. I read some Japanese, but from where we sat we could only make out a fraction of the offerings, and it was much too crowded to get up and walk around, hanging over others' plates to get a better look.. . We ordered tako wasabi, though we never found it listed. It was average. The grilled squid was good, if a bit tough. Fried oysters were good, but we would have liked the spicy mustard that belongs with them. The crazy roll was fine, but pretty much available anywhere.. . We felt the set-up of the place was a bit too compartmentalized to call it a true izakaya. There was none of that "shared space" feel. All in all a fine meal, but a bit of a disappointment for a special occasion.
Ichiza is one of the spots we we frequent when our family comes in from Japan.  I recommend calling in for reservations ahead of time if you have a large party because of limited seating. Remember if you get the 2 tables in the back you usually have a 2 hour max time slot.. . We usually order a bunch of different dishes and just share...family style. It is an Izakaya...half bar-half restaurant. Many of the dishes are tapas style.. . We've had better izakaya but the go to foods at Ichiza that we would recommend are (not necessarily in this order). . 1.Grilled eggplant. 2. Uni pon. 3. Broiled Miso Cod. 4.Yellowtail tartar. 5. Robata-Pork belly in shiso leaf . 6. Beef bowl. 7. Ume Chazuke. 8. Salmon Belly. . People rave about Ichiza and I say they are ok. I've tried many of their "to die for" menu items but I wasn't wowed. I suppose we could give Ichiza a 4 star but its hard to. Maybe because we visit family in Japan a couple times a year, we set the bar high and our expectations are based on that. They are not as consistent as they once were with their food. The prices are decent, the service we've experienced is sub par right up until my wife speaks Japanese to them, and lately its been packed and very loud. Probably due to the fact that they don't do lunch service , anymore.. . Don't get me wrong they are a good bang for your buck type of place. Just check out the other Yelpers, they love it. Don't take my word for it...go try them out. I'm sure you'll find someone thing delicious on their menu.. . Aloha
This was my third visit it was ok nothing special .  We had the oysters saigon style and seared both were good and fresh. We also had the agedashi tofu this must be the best version of it that i've had. It sat in a very flavorful dashi..  We also had the fried chix  pretty good.  The beef curry was a disapointment , kinda sweet?  Service a little slow. I don't think i would go back, lots of other places with more room and not a long wait.
memorable food moment:. bacon wrapped mochi on a stick, grilled to perfection. . takoyaki - close to perfection
Heard about Ichiza through word of mouth. Have made a couple visits since then, but it's really my other friends who are in love with this place and dragging me along.. . The food isn't bad, it just isn't great. It's Asian barfood, though they put weird twists on very simple food items in order to add to the variety. And while on the topic of that: HOLY FUCK. This place has so many random made-up items that they don't have room on their menus for them. The items are scribbled onto pieces of plain white paper and taped up on every wall in the place. You wait for over an hour to sit, finally grab your table and a few drinks, take a look at the menu, and BOOM your head explodes. Too many decisions, none of them particularly more special than the rest. It's still a decent place to enjoy a drink with friends, and all the servers are super polite and friendly. I just think there isn't anything too special otherwise. And seriously, explodehead.
Nothing special. . . The restaurant itself is setup different, and when I say different, I mean cramped and an added area where they have the Japanese style seating. . . We arrived at 1:30am, yep a late night spot. The place was a little busy, we got there just as everyone was about to leave. The hostess sat us and we were basically sharing a table (that would usually seat about 8-10 people) with two other patrons (nope, no idea who they were) right across from us. If you're uncomfortable with this, I really don't think you'll like eating here. Since the place is so small, they try to cramp everyone into every available seat. . . Eats-- I just don't get what the big deal is about. We ordered spicy tuna, and some eel roll that the waitress suggested and wasn't on the menu. They were both, OKAY. Nothing that would make me want to order again in the future. . . There service could've been better. As I said, wearrived just as everyone was leaving so there were only a hand full of people in the restaurant, so why did it take 20 mins to get our check? Seriously? . . If I'm craving some late night Japanese eats, then maybe I'll try this place, but there best not be a wait, or I'm getting back in my car and heading else where.
Second time visiting this place. First time, we walked in and found the wait to be about an Hour. So made a quick U-Turn and decided to go elsewhere.. This time, no different.. 45 min. - 1 hr. wait.. I'm not used to waiting in Vegas?! Seriously?!.. OK, this time we waited.. . What we had at the Bar Counter:. . 21. Chicken Cutlet: deep fried breaded chicken (like Katsu or chicken fried steak). Nice crust and the dark brown dipping sauce brought it Alive! sauce was thick and semi-sweet ilke (Katsu/Teriyaki sauce). Chicken was moist and sliced into finger tenders. Plain Good.. . 62. Kaku - Ni (pork belly w/ egg): small bowl filled with tender and juicy pork in some type of broth/sauce and a half a boiled egg. Full of Pork Goodness!. . 81. Fried Rice - Kimchi: Nice portion, mild balanced flavor of Kimchi, rice was soft, not mushy and went great with all the proteins.. . *Off the Wall/Paper Menu:. . Salmon Belly: decent slab of salmon belly fillet with an evident taste of some kind of light vinegar/alcohol flavoring. Came with a tiny mound of super minced radish. Salmon was 'melt in your mouth or on the dish' consistency. It was kind of rich, fatty and Delicious (the radish settled down the richness and fattiness a bit). . . Yellowtail Tar Tar: I usually don't do Raw but this time I made an exception because of all the praising on past reviews. 4 pieces, each piece was a fluffy and crunchy tortilla chips layered with rice, avocado and.. yellowtail on top. I couldn't taste the fishmuch, I just noticed a slight chewiness. Everything worked Really Well, the texture was Amazing and it was an Awesome Tortialla Chip Sandwich!. . Atmosphere reminded me of some restaurants in Little Tokyo, Los Angeles (It felt like I was eating somewhere in Japan). No complaints on Service. Value was fair, Japanese portions are hardly ever huge but quality makes up for it. The food was satisfied but nothing really stood out.. I'd come back but I wouldn't wait more than 10 minutes to dine here.
We liked Ichiza, just not overly so.  We had wasabi octopus, shrimp and eggplant, spinach and straw mushrooms, spicy tuna roll.   The spicy tuna roll was standard issue, the other dishes were more inventive and tasty, maybe a bit twee for the money.   We've been to Tokyo a few times, by no means have tasted everything, but the food at Ichiza seemed to lean more to Thai than Japanese, and the kind of Thai we could get more of for less money elsewhere. like the shrimp with eggplant in spicy sautee. So we expected Japanese but got what seemed more Asian fusion, tasty but again, worth the money?  Service was adequate, meaning dirty dishes stacked up and sat for a bit, the pleasant but indifferent servers had to be flagged down for pretty much everything, though at this afternoon hour we were pretty much the only customers.   We might go back again when in Vegas, but there are plenty of very good Japanese restaurants near Ichiza that we'd likely consider returning to, and plenty of other Asian restaurants in the neighborhood worth trying.
Really Good! Until a baby cockroach crawled across our table... Yeah, a little gross, but let's not kid ourselves here and think that only the filthiest of filth have infestation problems. It happens in many places. Roach aside, I'd come back here over Raku any day.
Why the three stars? Well in order for me to give an accurate review and rating, I'd actually have to eat here. Lol. This check in was a mistake, but I thought it would be appropriate to explain. . . A friend and I actually planned to come here for dinner, but when we got there it was a full house, not to mention the waiting list. Seeing that our wait would have been over an hour we opted out to try it out another time. We went downstairs to eat somewhere else and I clicked Ichiza. Whoops. But judging at how busy this place was, I CAN'T WAIT to give this place a try.
Went there on a Tuesday night. It was busy but no wait for counter seating. The place is a hole in the wall and doesn't feel clean. We ordered the crab fried rice, salmon skin salad, grilled squid, mountain yam with seaweed salad, and a variety of Yakitori including beef tongue. Nothing really stood out. Our neighbor ordered a yellowtail sashimi which actually looked better than all our dishes. The most tasteless were the Yakitori/skewers. No special sauces thus quite bland. The best dish was the grilled squid. Left rather unsatisfied.
A friend took me here late night after my 22nd birthday celebration and I've been a repeat visitor every since.  My favorite things to eat in this small place are: honey toast (toasted tower of bread with honey drizzled all over and vanilla ice cream in the center), the chicken meatball skewers, and the infamous beef bowl (strips of beef over rice with carrots, green onion, ginger, with a light yummy broth at the bottom of the bowl).  The prices aren't bad either with the things I usually order never costing more than $10.  My only gripe about this place is that they have tons of special dishes that are featured all over the walls of the restaurant, so if you don't see something that you like on the menu you have to scour the photographs on the wall for a dish.
Mixed review with the family my son and wife ordered ramen. They said the that Monta was better ... I tried the ramen wasn't bad ... My daughter ordered Salmon steak and shrimp tempura bowl. That was really good. I only ordered sushi and i enjoyed it as well, every thing was fresh and service was crazy ... very bzy...we waited 30 minutes. They do take reservation and will do that next time. I did take a 1 photo of the sushi i ordered was really good. I will post it today. Please give this place a chance but i would order sea food here not the ramen.
Hm.  Not sure about this place  Some of it was great.  Some of it was mediocre.  I preferred the options at Raku more, but there were still some nice dishes to be had here.. . The service is alright, but I didn't think it was cool that the Japanese family that showed up 25 minutes after us, got seated 10 minutes before us....  Without a reservation as far as I could tell.. . The wait can be long so be prepared.  I too believed all the hype that yelp made me believe.  But I don't think it was quite worth it this time.. . The seared salmon http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=6WgsEfcGiclb05ZG51avRg  was very tasty as was the honey toast http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=XebPyNRUsR-OcZ61lfKjoQ .  Most of the other dishes were sort of plain.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=4QXEYaL6v2HEIbqixT2tvw. . The chicken skewers were alright. but the meatballs were pretty good.. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=X0gx3uofwH-JdZLwZEwXRA. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/j5nPiTwWEFr-VsePew7Sjg?select=41bpHen74LWHqo5fItDNZQ. . . . . Glad I came to try it out, but Raku will be my staple in Vegas.
Another new establishment me and the honey had the pleasure of trying. Unfortunately, I'm only giving this place 3 stars because the menu's on the walls were a little intimidating, lol. While waiting for a table I browsed through yelp and come to read that what they had on the wall is in their menu too so no need to worry. But still I felt like I was going to miss out on something delicious. So I asked the hostess and our waitress what they recommended and took their advice. . We had:. *yellowtail tar tar. * gizzard w/green onion (sorry I forgot the actual name of the dish). * squid (1 large piece just grilled). * beef carpaccio. * eel on top of a california roll. * honey bread. Total around $47. The food was very yummy and just enough for a late night meal. Their food reminds me of pulutan. That's tagalog for to pick. Meaning food you pick on while drinking with your buddies. Did that sound right? Anyway, another fine place to take the homies to when they come to town.
Yummy food for a great price,  but I wished the service was faster.  The wait for a table can be long,  and also to get the check.  Although the food was delish.  I recommend the grilled whole squid,  the grilled salmon collar, and for sure---the honey toast dessert  **a must try**
I've had better Japanese in Orange County. Nothing "wow'ed" me. I ordered one of my favorite appetizers; Salmon Skin Salad...NOPE!  I was disappointed by the quality of all the food.  I may have to go back and give it another shot. The service was great, so that made up for the "meh" quality food.
I was a bit disappointed to be honest. Ichiza earned high praise from a friend and quite good ratings on Yelp. I expected more I guess... I thought it was gonna be more of a sushi house, but ended up finding more of a Japanese tapas type of place. . . The crazy line outside, even at midnight (oh wait, that's early in LV time), gave it promise. But actually, we didn't have to wait at all. The line was mostly for large groups and two people walked out of the bar area and we were given their seats. Score!. . The restaurant is kinda crazy. It was so full and must be a very trendy hangout for college kids, because that seemed to be the majority of the patrons there... avg age = 20 yrs old by my guess.. . The menu is a little off-putting in that it's somewhat out of date... specials line the walls and bar area, but I can't read them all.. . I actually ended up ordering two things from pictures that I saw on yelp: Yellowtail TarTar and Spanish Mackerel Carpaccio. They were both good, but I would highly recommend the yellowtail. It's different, crunchy, salty and a tiny bit spicy. . . We also ordered the black cod, kakuni (pork belly), and a few other things. The items were good in their own separate ways, but nothing really made my mouth say "wow". . . And in the end, they had run out of the famous Honey Toast, which made me sad as that was one of the reasons we had gone to this place.. Ended up ordering two separate desserts to replace it: soy mousse (I didn't like it, but my dining partner did) and flan which was pretty good.. . So, to wrap it up, I don't know it was okay. I'm glad I didn't have to wait in a long line, otherwise I'd be complaining more. I'd go back for the honey toast and pray that the lines isn't too long. But I'd also probably only have a tiny bit to eat at this place. Maybe pre-game elsewhere first~
Ok. So I saw all of the 5* and I was sooo excited to come here thinking it would be like Guu (in Canada). That place is amazing!! Hoping and praying that this place would be up to par with them, I was seriously disappointed. Perhaps I had to high of expectations?. . The food was okay. Honestly. I read the majority of reviews, wrote down a couple of items that everyone kept stating you HAD TO TRY, and went with an empty stomach. First of all, the menu they give you DOES NOT have EVERYTHING that everyone says they have. A lot of the menu  is posted all over the walls in Japanese (some have english translations, not all). If you can read, that's terrific. If you can't, well good luck ordering. I personally do not want to be confined to the menu, so good thing I wrote down a bunch of stuff before going. If not, we'd probably end up picking out an udon dish for the 4 of us who went.. . Other than that, staff was really nice. There seemed to be a little bit of a language barrier.. . I recommend you check out my pics, look at the names and pictures (so you know what you're getting), write down what you want, and then go (if you really must check out this place..I don't think I'm coming back). Also, look at everyone else's pictures on YELP and write down what they are. It will help so much in ordering.. . Check out my pics!. http://what2eatz.blogspot.com/2011/12/ichiza-izakaya.html
So, here we go. I feel like I should never write an review unless I've been to the place more than three times. And yes folks. I have been there more than three times. . . This particular time was just as awesome as the previous were, except for one little hiccup. A very concerning one at that. . . So what did I order you ask? . . Takoyaki balls- Japanese Staple in my opinion meant to be searing as it enters your mouth. basically a dough ball filled with octopus. topped with neon red ginger and teriyaki sauce. So delicious. Lets face it it's hard to mess up this dish. . . Beef Curry and rice with chicken cutlet - Warm hot rice mixed with some Japanese not too spicy but oh so hot curry. It is a taste sensation. The mix of an aromatic curry always gives me tingles in me's boy parts i gotta tell ya. . . Sakana Pinchos - I should asked someone about the etymology about this one. For those not in the known etymology means study origin. Cus lets face it, Pinchos if ever been in the east coast either north or south means the Puerto Rican always good meat on a stick. Not a sushi roll sandwhich topped to sky with seafood goodness. Its 6 pieces two of each kind of sushi mountain goodness. the first is Masago ( fish eggs ) with spicy mayo on top of a a slice of squid on top of a large slice of tuna. On top of the rice. Out of breath yet ? I know I am...!  Keep in mind this is one sushi nigiri all held together by a toothpick! the Second kind is the Large Salmon fish eggs on top of mackrel on top of a miso leaf and rice. Talk about a problem in a mystery wrapped with an enigma... ! Finally is the third kind which is the Salmon eggs on top of steamed orange shrimp on top of tamago ( egg). . . Are you tired yet? Salivating ? Both? Well keep reading cus I got more.. . Finally the last thing was. the always yellowtail Tar Tar. . . This thing is kind of a bore at times better left for those novice sushi or japanese eaters and one truth I would like to have kept hidden but Ichiza caught me in a clandestine mood and decided to go for it. Crunchy chilled yellowtail mixed some  yummy veggies. Go great with some beer. . . I also had two Kirin Ichiban to drink it down with. I don't know what it was but all of this food and full tummy might almost make up for the large PILL BUG WALKING ACROSS THE BARTOP...!!!! Yes girlfriend , I went there. I was with the gf and as gentleman I covered it up with a napkin and but it escaped my clutches and went to the table space reserved for my very nervous female neighbors. It was a funny site to see. Which in retrospect made up for some of the incident. But what are you gonna do ? . . The Service was nice. The waitresses did check on us frequently and I tipped them 15-20% as any normal upstanding patron would do. But man that owner. Someone's gotta do something about him. He made my gf wait out front before letting her sit down. And In I walk 5 mins later. This wasn't the first incident that something like this happened. When I was there before we were on the waiting list and they said 20 minutes nearly a half an hour ago. So I go up to him and ask and all he has to say is sorry sorry sorry but we called your name. Don't think so pal. Without letting me finish. Nope that won't do at all. So I let my grievance out. He politely listens and say sorry again as he shows us our table. . . so, my star rating you ask ? 3/5 . . But other than that it's usually an ok time. my tab was around 50 dollars plus tip.
Oh ichiza, I used to love you so much and now you are just.... . We ordered:. . -oysters with ponzu sauce (great as always). -oysters with plum sauce (not bad). -oysters Saigon style (not bad). -sakana pinchos (pretty but not easy to eat, each piece is very big and a bit bland    some seasoning or special sauce would  have been nice). -spicy tuna roll (good quality but just average to me). -seared salad (good but had better). -beef liver skewer (yummy). -tykoyaki balls(a piece of squid deep fried inside a green oignon dough drizzled with sauce and red ginger on the side, very cute but the flavor are just ok). -mango and strawberry Mochi (cannot go wrong with that). . The items I really wanted was . -beef tongue (out of it, it was only 7h30pm). -sweet shrimps on lime (they were out of it). -uni over lemon with ponzu (never showed up even after asking 5 times for it for about an hour). . Iced green teas don't have free refill but wathever,. . The only thing that is really bringing this place down is the service; this is a freakin war zone in there, waitresses shouting at each other from accross the bar...everybody is so god damn load in there, i would expect that kind of attitude at a sport bar during the playoff but not here, come on, there is a difference between casual athmosphere and jungle madness..It took them for ever to take our order(the place wasn't even as crowded than usual last night) and when it finally came up it was mixed up with an other table's order.. And after asking many time about my uni she keep telling me "1 more minut" but that damn thing never showed up, this was the item that I was looking the most forward to.... . Also forget about your drink reffill and you have to fake a panick attack to get your desert menu.... . I may give it an other try only for the sweet shrimps over lime and that infamous uni and if I really crave ramen when monta is too packed.... . Beside that, I really cannot wait for my reservation at Raku next Monday night, sound  much more promising!. . Step up your game ichiza or you are definitely going down...
The food was so-so. The sashimi is more expensive than most of the Japanese restaurants I've eaten. The skewed liver was so over burned that most of it was black. The ramean is also just okay. What strikes me as weird is that the place was sooo dirty. The spoons have rice left on it!! Also the lady with yellow hair was very impolite and never smiled. Every time I asked her to order,  there was never a response from her. I don't know whether she heard me or not. She would just bring me the thing I asked, with no words nor smile nor any eye contact with me.
My favorites: Kimchi Fried Rice, Miso Butterfish, Tofu Salad with Tuna Sashimi. . Ichiza is one of those places you go to experiment. There's appeal in being able to try a variety of unique dishes not readily available elsewhere (like Beef Tongue, Beef Liver, Inside Out Roll, Honey Toast), especially at affordable prices. But would I order these dishes again? Probably not. Will I dine here again? Probably not.
Ichiza is among my top 3 favourite japanese restaurants in Vegas. It's reasonably priced with efficient service, beautifully decorated to look like an authentic izakaya straight from Japan. Before the management had to shut down the restaurant for a few months from health code violations (or so I heard), I only visited the place once with some friends and ordered their rice bowl and mochi. It was absolutely delish! . . After they re-opened, I visited more often. Their honey toast is a must-eat! Make sure to get to the place after 3pm though. They aren't there during breakfast hours. To make up for that, they close pretty late too (3am during weekdays and 2am on sundays) . . Hygiene-control, however might need a little more attention. A friend of mine traced a tiny cockroach in the bar by the kitchen once and my family noticed multiple black stains on the couches when we dined in last Sunday. Other than that, the friendly waiting staff and overall food quality's good enough to stop by for a visit.
This is one of those places where the food looks better than it taste.  It doesn't taste horrible, but definitely not as good as it looks.  . . My favorites were the miso butterfish, kimchi fried rice and tuna sashimi salad.  It's a great place for you to try many different (small) appetizers at an efficient cost. The vibe feels very Japanese, as if you really are in Japan, which was something I liked.  . It's a fun experience, but I didn't feel like it hit the spot when I walked out the door.  Probably won't come back to try different items, just my favorites.
Was definitely not four star worthy good. I wouldve given it two stars but the service is pretty good. Don't remember much about the meal besides the fact that nothing was all that awesome. Honey toast=not as amazeballs as everyone makes it out to be. Woah 3 inch toast! Big whoop..... Bottom line, ichiza isn't the best but it apparently appeals to the las Vegas crowd and that's all that matters right? Don't come here expecting amazing izakaya style food. Want to visit a good izakaya? Go to LA.
Call ahead and make a reservation~!. . Try going on aWednesday night around 8ish it was packed, 45 min wait. sigh tried going on a Sunday night 7pm called 1st this time 1hr and 30 mins wait time. sigh..
We came here after a loong drive from LA. . We came here after a looooooooong drive from LA. My bros and husband have been here before, but we're too drunk to remember if it was good :/. . There were a few people waiting, but we were quickly taken in. The place is buzzing with people and waitresses taking order and passing out food. . . We ordered their ICHIZA Ramen DX (miso soup based ramen), chicken skewers, fried mozzarella cheese (wrapped in egg roll wrapper), pork 'n nappa (stir fried pork with shiitake mushrooms), and chicken bowl with egg. I enjoyed everything minus the chicken bowl. The chicken tasted like it was just microwaved and then they dumped scrambled egg on top. There's nothing to rave about. It's just OK.. . We came here after a looooooooong drive from LA. My bros and husband have been here before, but we're too drunk to remember if it was good :/. . There were a few people waiting, but we were quickly taken in. The place is buzzing with people and waitresses taking order and passing out food. . . We ordered their ICHIZA Ramen DX (miso soup based ramen), chicken skewers, fried mozzarella cheese (wrapped in egg roll wrapper), pork 'n nappa (stir fried pork with shiitake mushrooms), and chicken bowl with egg. I enjoyed everything minus the chicken bowl. The chicken tasted like it was just microwaved and then they dumped scrambled egg on top. There's nothing to rave about. It's just OK.
Walking into the restaurant makes me feel like I really am in Japan. They have a couple tables where you sit on the floor just like in Japan. Not only do they have a regular menu, but they have additional items all over the restaurant. Everything that I've tried here, which isn't much, is average. Nothing really stands out to me, personally. Some of  the dishes I have seen come out of the kitchen really do look appealing though. The soymilk mousse is something to be aware of. It is pretty good and definitely unique. Worth a try.
I literally spend 10 minutes making fun of the old man that runs this place, and then when I turned around he was standing right there. He was really pissed. . . The average wait time here is 40 minutes. . . I don't get this place. Tourist from Japan always ask me how to get here. Apparently, even in Japan they advertise this place. . . It smelled horrible in here today. The smell was a combination of ammonia and paint. Apparently the construction in the shop next door is causing this horrible stench. . . To me, "Anime Ramen" downstairs has a way better tasting Honey Toast. The Honey Toast here at ICHIZA is presented artistically and impressively, but it just doesn't have the impressive taste like the one at "Anime". At "Anime", they batter and fry the pieces of toast and give you a scoop of ice cream they intentionally over froze, so that it doesn't melt immediately on the hot bread. I also like how at "Anime", they use a real Japanese brand of ice cream instead of some generic super market brand. . . Personally, I didn't really like anything here. I'm just giving it 3-stars because I feel bad about pissing off the old man.
We were here for a late night snack. The place was packed. . . At first, we saw alot of customers are Japanese. That is a good sign, right? Not really. The  food was mediocre, pricey, and small.. . On the other hand, the atmosphere here is very lively, very hip. Most patrons here are party goers, young crowds that came after the club hopping. Also, the staffs are all young Japanese girls, very good looking ones by the way, so there is no way they can screw up the service.. . So, if you don't mind spending a little money and your heart is not at the food. Go there and feel hip.
The front of the house is a mess now. I went in last night and nobody greeted me for over five minutes. I tried to say "hello" and was ignored. I don't know why it takes two people to figure out one person's order but you should leave one person to at least acknowledge people that enter. I've also had issues in the recent last few months with erroneous charges on my check here. I'd still eat here, but be prepared to be patient.
Having been to Japan many times and having Izakaya style food has always been a delight for me.  I love going to these Japanese Pubs that focus on serving sake and drinks, an having tapas at the same time. There is some hit or miss with the food. The choice is outstanding, yet the quality is hit or miss. And, to get a bit more help from the servers would really help.. . 1.  The Hours - 5 star - Hey, going to an izakaya for several rounds of drinking and drinking and eating, this is the place to go. They are like open until 3 or 4 in the morning..... . 2.  The Food - 3.5  star - we ordered a ton of stuff. . Food Choice - 5 Star - Awesome. From your basics to your noodles and rice, this place has everything. . . Shishamo - 4 star - Very tasty overall, one order is 4 pieces of small grilled fish. . . Bluefin Toro - 5 star - I like the large cuts they give you and bout 5 in each serving. We were looking for o-toro and they did not have it. Still good, flavorful, nice texture.. . Marinated Grilled Chicken - 2 star - this was on their specials board, it kinda looked like Panda Express orange chicken, yet it was soggy and not really a texture that I would call, inspiring.  Taste was decent. . . Calimari - 2 star - This is my fault, as I am not an expert, just a fan. I figured calimari would be lightly breaded and fried, this was sauteed squid and while I enjoy squid in all forms, I was really expecting something else. It was not bad, I ate a lot of it, since others did not.. . Bok Choy - 3 star - We got two orders, so you know we wanted more. However, I am a huge bok choy fan.  The taste was great, nice garlic.  Just way over cooked. I like it al dente or just a bit more cooked than al dente. This was like real limpy.  Now I often overcook it at home when I am not paying attention and eat it all the time. I love it. Just that in restaurants I am picky and if I am paying for it, I want it perfect..... Again, we ordered a second serving, so the taste was good.. . Shrimp Fried Rice - 3 star - Not bad at all. Not sure how all the drunks eat this though as the dish comes out with a serving spoon, but all of us had small tapas plates and chopsticks. No bowl, not easy to eat.  Good thing I like to pick up dishes and shovel food in my mouth with the chopsticks.  Do you think they saw me and recognized my Cantonese-esque eating habits?. . Teba - 4 star - Love chicken wings.  Grilled on a grill, skewered.  These were overall flavorful in a simple grilled chicken way.  To me the teba has to be moist and they were.    Not sure which baby chick these little bits of a wing came from.  They were skinned (de-skinned?) spread and skewered and grilled. I guess I like big meaty wings grilled.  I should have maybe ordered 10 more plates.. . Tsukune - 2 star - Little chicken meatballs. These were four 1 inch meatballs on one skewer. The taste was adequate, but kinda forgetful.  And, specifically I asked for how many were in order and she said four.  There were three of us. Would have been better if I asked how many three adult men should order.  These were like popping aspirin.  Good because they disappeared quickly.. . Tai Carpaccio - 4 star - Red Snapper (Tai) raw.  Nice. Served on a bed of shredded daikon like vege and then on top of a sliced lemon.. . 3.  Ambiance - the look and feel 4 star.  Amount of seating - 3 star.  For an izakaya and people drinking, the toilet is a bit small.  2 star.  The air conditioning on a summer  day in Las Vegas 1 star.  Service 4 star sometime they know and don't know the menu items. They cannot or have a trouble to relate size of each dish so you know how to order.  They are all very pleasant, nice, smiling and make you feel welcome.. . This is my third time to Ichiza, first time to get in. Parking is terrible, The restaurant will reserve tables so you can get there, it can be half ful and you cannot get it or you have to wait, in the heat, outside.... . GK says, check it out for sure. Go off hours to get a quick table and enjoy izakaya style Japanese food. It is a great experience.
Went very late night, and for late night food it was pretty good, however I didn't enjoy it half as much as I enjoy most places in the area that are only open at more regular times. I will say the honey toast dessert was gigantic and incredible
The food is absolutely great! If you are looking for sushi a la carte style, this is the restaurant to go! I just wish the staff is a little bit more friendly! This is a problem I encounter with  a lot of family restaurants! They always have great food, but they dont really care about service!
This place will be worth a second visit some time. We stopped in  after a 3 hour hike at Red Rock Canyon in 100 degree heat. The first thing that was notable at Ichiza was that the beer was  COLD!  A pair of cold draft Kirins were perfect match for the several small dishes we ordered. The ramen was good, but not great. The sushi was good and a decent price. They had Toro, which was a generous portion. The agedashi tofu was not to our liking. The coating was kind of gummy. The deep fried baby octopus was excellent. One of the best features of this place to be explored over time are ther many "specials" listed all over the walls. Should be a good place for trying various offerings, but might be harder to find a go-to regular dish. They are open late and cater to the strip hotel worker getting off the night shift and looking for a few beers and cheap Japanese food. Not my favorite spot on Spring Mountain Road, but worth a second look.
I like this place's atmosphere - reminiscent of my Tokyo trip.  It's like one of those small restaurants close to a train station where locals eat at after a long day of work.. . The food is ok but not entirely Japanese.  I like their fried rice, ika ring, kushi katsu and yakitori.  Everyone I know raves about the honey toast.  It's alright - the most basic toast you can get.  I've had better in Tokyo (Akihabara's Cafe Berserk) with more variety, whipped cream, ice cream, fruits and chocolate.  Not a lot of places in Vegas serve honey toast that's why Ichiza's seems fantastic.  If only they would offer more honey toast variety, I'd gladly give Ichiza a star or 2 more.  I mean, I'm not asking for much - it's an easy fix.Just throw in some fruits (bananas/ strawberries/ peaches), ice cream, syrup and whipped cream on top.. . Maybe, I'll just open my own honey toast shop.
great food, sometimes there is  a line, but well worth it. My must visit in Vegas.
This used to be my favorite izakaya style restaurant in Vegas and would never miss eating here while visiting from Hawaii.  I ate here maybe 4 times since late 2011 - early 2012 but recently have noticed a drastic difference in food quality.  Food, especially certain fish items do not seem fresh like it did in the past.  Its also not as difficult to get a reservation here which makes me wonder if others have noticed this change in quality as well?. . On a happier note, their service is consistently good, tea is usually refilled without a problem and atmosphere is nice.
Not sure how it took me so long to get here, seems like I've been everywhere else around it.  I'll have to agree with those who say this spot is somewhat overrated. . . Expect a packed house and a wait.  I was unable to make a reso same-day on a Wed night during the slow season because they were all full.  So as a walk-in, I did wait a little while.  But I've seen people standing in line waiting for this place to open for lunch.. . The dishes my friend and I shared:  crab fried rice, fried california roll, spicy tuna roll, spider roll, grilled corn.. . I thought all of the food was of good quality although I wasn't crazy about the spider roll.  . . I was too full to try their famous honey toast.. . Would I go here again? Yes I'm sure I will.  Is it my favorite place?  No, not especially.. . Overall impression:  Solid.  A-OK.
Solid 3 1/2 stars.  Sashimi was super fresh.  All the cooked foods were not bad either.
casual vegas dinner away in chinatown...upstairs plaza second floor...yakitori in izakaya fashion...beers, sake and shochu...japanese small plates dining...a pitcher of beer while browsing...standard skewers...beef tongue chewy, but not tough...hamachi kama juicy and meaty...large rolls fat for sharing...average in presentation, quality and taste...another pitcher of beer washing...wings, bacon wrapped mochi, agadashi tofu and additional skewers...standard izakaya selection...nothing memorable in presentation or taste, but cheap!...finish and back to the strip!
Did we just order ten of the wrong dishes?? Nothing was " bad" but nothing was great either. We came with a group of 4.. 3 asians and me...Even the famed honey toast didn't make any of us want to come back here again... Maybe we should have come with a regular or done more research.. . It was hard to know what to order because the dishes are posted all over the place and even the stuff we asked the waitress for recommendations on wasn't any better. I can't even remember what we got because the food was not memorable at all... We had a lot of bland stuff... then some spicy stuff..that's about it.... . I remember the bubble tea I had downstairs more than this meal apart from remembering my disappointment...
I'm sorry... I didn't think this place was the cat's meow.... . Honey Toast = Innovative, but it's just Japanese toast with honey drizzled on top and an scoop of ice cream. Tasty, but easily created at home if you have a Chinese orJapanese bakery near you. . . Yellowtail TarTar = Good, but nothing to write home about. TarTar served on a chip was probably huge 10 years ago. Still good today.. . Fish tasted fresh. I'll be back to try more items.
not bad for a japanese food around las vegas area... most of the dishes are good..i like their yakitori..the prices are reasonable...the fish that they use are fresh..one thing that need to be improved is the service..the waiter keep forgetting what we order..during weekend the queue could be very long.... . CONCLUSION = RECOMMENDED!
I sure did have high hopes when I went to Ichiza. The atmosphere was authentic as far as izakaya goes. Service was quick and prompt, but the overall execution of dishes felt flat. We ordered the basics: yakitori, tsukune, sunagimo. They were good but not exactly memorable. Ordered the beef tataki, tongue, grilled smelt and a couple more grilled veggies. Nothing special. I remember telling my husband he can cook those better at home. We also tried the honey toast which was also just okay. I thought it was all hype no substance. We were hoping to catch ankimo or a decent sashimi on their specials, unfortunately they ran out. I wouldn't scratch Ichiza just yet on my list. Meanwhile I'm hoping Yelp can point me to another izakaya in town that serves more flavorful food.
The only thing that stood out for me at Ichiza was the honey toast.  It was amazing and deserves 3 stars on its own.  I love honey, so if you don't love honey, then don't order it.. . Everything else I had at this place was mediocre.  I look for quality when I eat Japanese tapas, and none of these dishes were up to par for my taste.  Maybe the butterfish was the only dish I liked.  So if you're here, please order it, it's really good; melt in your mouth status!  But, the food definitely filled me up, and gave me the Japanese fix I needed so it didn't disappoint completely.  But for the prices you have to pay, it isn't worth it.  Prices should be re-evaluated for quality.. . The menu needs to be rewritten with everything on the wall. It gets real frustrating to figure out what you want to order next because you feel you might be missing out on something great but it might be written somewhere you can't see.  I'm not sure this is good for business so I highly suggest the menu revisited and updated.
I was excited to try this place because of all the things I've heard about their honey toast. The wait was quite long (45 minutes) which I was prepared for because of what I read in previous reviews. The place was tight and small but  seemed to look like the happening place to be. The food was pretty good (miso butterfish, garlic bok choy, fried duck gizzards, rice, yakitori and ramen) along with the sake and glasses of wine that my bf and I consumed. However, the honey toast was my least favorite. It was too sweet for my liking. The overall experience was great but I can't say that I'd wait another 45 minutes to do it all over again.
Ichizaaaaaaaaaaaah! You are so frustrating! Why can't you just put all your menu items in the damn menu like everyone else??!! My entire meal was spent scanning the walls for the next dish rather than enjoying my friends and this nice night out. I also found that a lot of the tables around me were ordering run-of-the-mill Japanese sushi dishes even though there were so many other options, why would they do that with so many choices? I don't get it. I wanted to make sure I was trying all the best dishes but I couldn't weigh all my food options, from my table I could only see so many walls! Foodie Raaaaaaaaaage!!!. . From what I can remember I enjoyed the following dishes: spicy kimchi pork, deep fried quail eggs, avacado filled with poke, and bluefin sashimi. We also enjoyed a rather fancy bottle of sake. Overall, this is an interesting place with some good eats but far too frustrating for me.
I ATE: Red Snapper Carpaccio, Seared Sashimi w/miso glaze, Bento lunch Box w/ Mixed Tempura & Spanish Mackerel. Finished with Soy Milk Mousse.. Red snapper carpaccio........ was garnished with onion, lemon, ponzu & red fish roe. The fish quality was excellent. The lemon had the rhine on so I was unable to eat & taste the full flavor of the citrus. There was an overabundance of yellow onion, it overpowered the flavor of the fish. It was an unbalanced dish. . Seared Sashimi w/ miso glaze....... this was the chefs choice for fish. He chose a lower grade of Maguro (tuna). The sauce was pleasant & sweet. Was garnished with green onion & had a beautiful smokey flavor. . Bento Lunch Boxes (Mixed tempura & spanish Mackerel)........ These were AMAZING! The tempura consisted of shrimp, long beans, eggplant, & zucchini. Tempura was crunchy & lite & the flavor of the sauce was sweet & soft. Spanish Mackerel was cooked toperfection & slightly blackened on the edges (the marinade was balanced & sweet). This was served with salad, miso egg drop soup, potato salad & steamed white rice (all were flavorful). . Soy Milk Mousse..... Lite & creamy but not overly sweet. It wasn't anything to write home about.. OVERALL EXPERIENCE: Too Much ONION on everything!  We had to get someones attention to seat us & they were not busy at all. Once seated our waitress was on point, attentive & very sweet. Draft beers were $1.95 & Bento Lunch box was $7.95! For the sake of eating in China Town & off the Vegas Strip.....We will return. The Menu is extensive & we are looking forward to trying other things.
THE HONEY TOAST WAS ALRGHT. Nothing special.. . I came here one evening with a group of 5 and we setup shop on a corner table. I've heard a lot great things about Ichiza and some bad so I going in with very high expectation, at the end I was left satisfied but not blown away. I'm still debating if it's a 3 or 4 stars.. . So you come in and you have the option of dining at the a table, at the bar, or I think on the floor, you know taking off your footwear and dining at one of those low tables barefooted, I may have seen it walking by but not 100% but I do remember that weird smell.  It was packed and the guy behind me kept bumping my chair. When you order there's that typical menu you look at given by the waitress and then there's all of these cards on the walls, all written in Japanese and majority with their English translation, as long as you have good vision and can read some bad handwriting you should be fine.  There was a group of them in a today's special section, so I'd just say start with that and go down the list. . . My new phone's camera, which I literally only had for 2 days, kind of crapped out and I only took a few photos. Plus I don't know about you but I still feel weird about whipping out the camera and taking a pic unless someone else is doing it, everyone on my table were doing it I should've stole their pics but non-yelpers.. . The pitchers of beer that they serve might be missing a pint or so because there's a pint size thing at the bottom of the pitcher possibly to keep the beer cool. We may have had more beer than food, maybe.. . I started with the Fried Salmon and Mozzarella http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=Y8RmZH-iYlGQAybrDbSafA#Y8RmZH-iYlGQAybrDbSafA it was one of the items on the cards that stood out, plus it was on a card that was right in front of my face on the wall. I liked it a little different but I liked it.  It was a stick of mozzarella wrapped with some slices of salmon, battered up and fried, cut into wedged pieces and served on a little salad. . . Also had the karaage chicken http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=IFH4iSxW3hIaxhBMkDZEhQ#IFH4iSxW3hIaxhBMkDZEhQ it was alright not as good as others I've had but enjoyable. It was more crispy and crunchy than meaty and it came with a some shredded cabbage, some sauce, and lemon I would've preferred lime here, as if there was a difference haha and more sauce.. . The squid http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ichiza-las-vegas?select=PH4fkZfPGjVDCA6OtRKBOw#PH4fkZfPGjVDCA6OtRKBOw was alright but pretty tiny compared to the other pics. We had the miso butterfish, it was good and I liked it. Only thing about it was that it's not a good thing to share with chop sticks, you can't cut the skin with chop sticks and the skin is the best part. Good thing I took all of it. . . Clearly a group a five can put away more food than what I just mentioned but these are just some of the items I can remember. There were skewers, raw fish, soups, and so on ordered, a good portion of their menu,  but nothing really blow me away.  Even the famous honey toast was just OK borderline MEH.. . The service was excellent, we had no problems and they were friendly and did everything they were suppose to do. In environment was good.  I would go back, maybe they'll make me up the rating.
Came here recently and just wanted to update that their beef bowl has gotten a little yucky. Still won't stop me from coming here though!
I like to eat  at  here  food  is  assume  and  great i came here  for  7 yrs  now  but  i alway  think  kitchen is  so  dirty lol. This is  problems i can not give higher stars . I have  6 and half yrs of experience being  chef so  i can  see  that  dirty kitchen...
Perfect for late nights; closed at 2am.  Reasonable, inexpensive foods.  Ramen was really good; the pork soup base was flavorful and rich.  The beef rice was delicious, and portion size was huge enough for two ladies to share.  Udon noodle soup was bland though.  Tried some of the skewers including beef tongue, chicken neck, beef liver, etc., of which all were okay and not as impressive as the Ramen! . . Again, ramen's really really good and you must try it!!
Sooo .. why is this place so popular and over hyped? Maybe I'm a bit biased. I'm not really a tapas person but I do like Japanese food. My friends and I were in a group of 5 and we decided to come on a Saturday night. The wait actually wasn't bad, we went around 8:00PM? And we were seating in maybe 20 minutes? . . Now, when I went there, I was surprised at how packed it was. There were a lot of people, which is a very good sign. It must mean their food is fan-fucking-tabulous, right?! RIGHT! They gave us a menu, but why do they even need to spend money on menus? They have menus all over the wall. I wish I had done more research cause then I would've brought my glasses with me. . . Oh, no, they don't a set of menus that repeat on the walls. Everything that they paste on the walls are completely different. To my right, behind me, and in front of me were all different items. Too bad I can't read any of the ones that were in front of me. I was sitting in their "fake" tatami mat style tables so facing me was the bar, and on top of the bar was where half of their menu was posted. I fully realize that this is not uncommon but squinting is not how I want to begin my night even though I'm Asian. . . Anyways, between my friends and I, we ordered the following:. . Tataki: Almost rare beef slices that were seared. It had good flavor. Though, I could do without the ponzu sauce. Not bad.. . Yellowtail Tartar: Pretty good. Though it can get kinda messy once you start eating it. Not bad.. . Jalapeno Fried Rice: Has potential to be better.It didn't have much flavor. Also, I think it's because when I think jalapeno, I think spicy and this dish was not spicy at all. I even ate the slices of jalapeno and .. well, nothing happened. They actually had a spoonful of siracha on the the rice for you to mix it in with but ... uhm, why? Shouldn't jalapeno be enough? Though this does give me an idea to try to make this dish at home ;). . Garlic Chicken Gizzards: Possibly the best dish I had at this establishment. Though I'm not sure bugger sized pieces quenches my .. cravings for it. But it has great flavor to it. Thumbs up.. . Kimchi Fried Rice: Nothing really spectacular about it.. . Buttered Clams: Uh .. I think I prefer a black bean sauce to go with my sauteed clams versus this. It wasn't that eye opening. It was just like, "Oh so this is it.". . Beef Tongue Skewers: It took them a while to get this out to us. It was good though. Nice and tender ... however, the other skewer that my friend had -- she said it wasn't that tender. It was actually tough for her. So .. inconsistent quality. . . Grilled Whole Squid: So, they actually forgot about this item. They forgot to input this order. When all the other foods were finished, we all just sat there waiting for this dish -- which took FOREVER to get out. It wasn't good either. It was kind of fried on certain ends. We're not so sure their fire on their grill is quite balanced. . . I had wanted to try their honey toast but one of my friends said it was nothing special and over hyped. I trusted his judgement and decided not to bother. . . SO. It's average. It did not tickle my taste buds. Sorries.
This place is almost a four, but cramped seating and blase service keep it at a three. Most all of the dishes are really good, but not quite excellent. I still really enjoy going to Ichiza, it just does not float my boat like many people who rave about it. More people should skip the wait and head to Yonaka instead.
Really rad place to have get togethers with friends. Would suggest calling ahead of time for a table. Small establishment. Decently priced food. Very friendly staff
Too crowded, too Many things on the menu can't figure out what all is there. Decent food. Maybe I'll come again? Not sure
Ichiza, I wanted to love you, but you just fell a bit short.. . I consider agedashi tofu a benchmark dish - if the batter is filmy and stretchy, it's not quite right to me, and if the broth is overly sweet, that's a huge red flag. The batter here was stretchy, and the broth was sweet. So that was already one strike.. . I also didn't like any of the raw dishes here, though true izakaya restaurants don't focus as much on that, so it wasn't a huge letdown for me.. . The yakitori was inconsistent. My favorite is usually kawa, but the one here didn't have the char that you need for that one to be trulydelicious. The tsukune and okura were good, but the gyutan was rubbery, a big no-no for me.. . Yellowtail collar tasted good, as did the uni (the only raw seafood dish that worked), though there was a bit of a funky aftertaste with one of the pieces of uni that we got. . . Service was good, if a little indifferent. Good prices for Vegas, or I'd have given this even lower ratings.
Ichiza. Parking (4/5). Parking lot is shared with bunch of other shops in the plaza so its easy to find a spot when they are busy. . . Atmosphere (4/5). This place is always packed every time I've been here. It very loud at night and the wait could be more than 30-60 minutes. Also, their waiting area is pretty small so on busy winter nights get ready to spend sometime outside of the building. You can always leave your name on the front desk and go to other shops in the plaza.. . Service (3/5). Service is prompt and very courteous. The waitresses were very helpful in picking out food and explaining what each item contained.  Even the owner of the restaurant was making sure that everyone was being taken care of properly. His suggestion on some of the food items was very helpful.. . Food (3/5). Our dinner primarily contained of everything on their menu; meat stick items, ramen noodles, mackerel, miso soup, and my favorite Blue Fin tuna poke. They have bunch of meat on a stick items, including yakitori and chicken meatballs. . . Meat on a stick is always the best opener appetizer item for a gathering, this was followed up by miso soup and ramen noodles, which were good, but the noodles were nothing spectacular. If you want better noodles then you can go to Sora Ramen, which is couple blocks away from this place. Mackerel was bit over cooked, which made it bit chewy. Bluefin tuna poke was delicious, I felt guilty after ordering it but it was very fresh and practically melted in your mouth. . . The most disappointing item on the menu was their honey toast. This is the worst dessert I've ever had. I just don't see how you can make a dessert out of a loaf of bread, ice cream and honey. It's to heavy and simply the its too sweet.. . Overall, this is a reasonably prices restaurant, but some of the food items are either not made correctly or the flavor just don't add up, Ichiza get 3/5
