This review is for the nightclub. . . Venue: is pretty small and cramped...I'd say this would be a good place to pre-party before heading to other clubs. They had open bar from 11-12 when I went. There isn't much space to move around, and people are constantly spilling drinks everywhere. Getting from one point to the other is insanely difficult due to the small space. The tables are close together and barely even visible in the crowds. The crowd is mediocre, although the guys I met were more than willing to buy girls' drinks. I went on a Tuesday night and found it way too crowded for comfort. Find a promoter to get you in for free--I wouldn't pay to get in here.
Very popular place. The food and decor were great, but the music was at such a volume I'd either dine here on a Tues. when the club is not popular, or go to their dance club on a Sat. instead of trying to dine here late on a Sat. night like we did. The service was wonderful too, quick and attentive. Some portions are huge too. If you order the chocolate rolled cake with toasted marshmallow sauce it's big enough to feed a table of 6-8 people!
It's beautifully decorated, but the wait is painful even with reservation.  Never waited less than 30 minutes with reservation no matter how small or big our groups are.  The meat ball is one of their signature dish, the shrimp cocktail is probably the less impressive dish.  The meat ball is flavorful, juicy and very tender.  Most dishes are on the oily side.  The size of the dishes are huge, so we usually share.  Besides the wait to be seated, its not a bad italian restaurant.
I came on a Saturday night, and for once, I didn't actually look at Yelp reviews beforehand so I didn't know what to expect. I just came because some friends of friends were all into this place. At first, I was like, wha??entree = club admission? What kind of decent, respectable place does THAT? And my mind was confused as it did not match the flashy style of previously-mentioned friends of friends.. . So a bit reluctantly but also curious, I went. Inside, I would describe the restaurant as dark and lusty. Yes, I said lusty. This is Vegas after all. Anyway, we were able to sit in the front bar portion without a reservation which was nice since it was a last minute thing. . . The menu items don't actually sound that appealing to be honest. Rather plain, ho-hum descriptions. But when we ordered, my god, the portions were HUGE! I must've missed something about family style, but lordy, you could've fed a whole village of my ancestors. So of course, we ordered WAY too much food. But my favorite dish was the beet salad. I wish I lived closer to you, beet salad. I'd totally order you again and again. I also got a lobster bisque - too salty for me though, and a little creamier than I like. We had the risotto with short ribs which was sorta the oddity on the menu (one of these kids is doing his own thing). The waitress told us it wasn't ordered a lot, but I still wanted to try it. It was good, not the best. One of my friends loved it, but I probably wouldn't order it again. We got the meatball - tasty and the size of a softball. Then there was a veal dish that I didn't try. But back to you, beet salad. You were the best beet salad ever. Perfect balance of beets, goat cheese, greens, candied nuts, etc. . . So I was about to roll over from being so full, but I love dessert so I ordered the bread pudding. Again, a huge portion shared by about 4 main people, and 4 supporting cast. It was yummm-my. A keeper. . . Then onto the club part and time to work off the billion calories just consumed. The waitress stamped our hands. We wandered around inside The Palazzo a little, then headed back to Lavo for the club portion. It was a little chaotic around the entrance/elevator, but the stamp allowed us to enter without waiting or paying. Big plus. Up the elevator, to the club. It's not very big, and all the tables are reserved with bottle service. Annoying because as a girl, you just want to have a place where you can sit or put your purse, coat, etc. Anyway, we danced but the place soon got VERY crowded, the DJ was just alright, and again, the fact that you can't really sit anywhere around the dance floor was a negative. So we left to meet up with a friend who was at the circular bar in the Palazzo casino. Honestly I had just as much fun, probably more, in the casino bar. . . In the end, Lavo's food was a pleasant surprise, I didn't care much for the club, and I'd consider going back but it wouldn't be my first choice. I did like the casino bar though. I'd go there :)
Had a great time here with a group of about 15 people.  A little bit difficult getting everyone in as we had a male/female ratio close to 50%. The place is nice, drinks are expensive, and the clientele was pretty much like you would expect at a club in Vegas.. . I do have one complaint though, and to me, it's a big one (thus the 3 star rating). The DJ was bad. Best example of this is that I heard the same four Bon Jovi songs (or partial songs, I suppose it was a Bon Jovi mix) about 6 times in the 3 hours we were there. The first time was awesome, the second time was still fun, but after that, we were all thinking "Are you fucking kidding me?" Don't get me wrong, I love Bon Jovi, but it was excessive and took away from the experience.. . I hope this was a fluke. I'll probably check out Lavo again next time in Vegas, but I'll be outta there pretty quick if I hear Bon Jovi on repeat...
Disclosure:  I did not pay a cover for this place nor did I pay for a single drink.  Nor did I have food.  The only thing I can comment on is the club upstairs with no consideration of its prices.. . Clubs in Vegas all seem the same to me.  This particular place does not stand out.  The dance floor was decent sized, but not huge.  There are multiple levels of platforms with about 50% of the club walled off for "VIP."  The problem with this club is mainly that there is no place to sit.  You have a dancefloor, some VIP couches, and a second platform with more couches.  That's it.  I mean, what if you want to have a meaningful conversation?  LOL.  Like that happens in Vegas.. . The crowd: Lots of people.  All ages, shapes, sizes, races.  A lot are drunk.  Most are friendly.  Bonus points for having a 5'9"-model-who's -a-former-starting-shortstop-at-Arizona-State hanging around.  Negative points for having bouncers cockblock her from my 6'3" friend by walling her off in the VIP area.  Sigh.  Such is life.
I'm giving the place three stars as an average of all the times that I've been here. Sometimes the place is a two star mess (like when Fergie hosted NYE and couldn't count) but other times it's been a lot of fun (my most recent visit in December was pretty decent).
I've only eaten dinner here, I have not gone to the club, so if you want a club review, read another review.. . Dinner here was perfectly adequate for an Italian restaurant, however it was nothing special.  Price wise, I would say that this place is rather overpriced, as I don't feel the meal we had was worth it.  Also, the waiters can be kind of iffy, which I felt was a shame.. . The portions are large, but not family style large.  My cousin and I split two appetizers and one main and were plenty full.  Decent wine list, but I would actually expect something better for an Italian restaurant on the Strip.. . Overall, was perfectly fine, but nothing special.  I'd say save your money and go elsewhere.
When I spend $200+ dollars on a meal, I expect everything to be perfect...not the case!  They burned the garlic bread, and their calamari was of poor quality(lots of squid bodies, not enough meaty rings).  I cannot even remember what I had for the main-course (and Valentine's day meals are usually memorable for me).  The food is priced entirely too high considering the quality and it was just not worth the money.  Overall I say meh...the service was great but that's about it.
went here with a group of friends and we were able to catch the open bar, so the girl's in our group was pretty happy with that. This place isn't the best and it's not the worst!. . if you're looking for a small & chill clubs, this is probably your best bet.
Eaten here and been to the nightclub as well. . . The restaurant is pretty good. Nice atmosphere, if you sit outside or at least close to it, you have a really good view of the show that plays in front of Treasure Island. The food is good -the bread with the marinara dipping sauce is really great -and the price is a little pricey but actually not bad at all compared to other restaurants in Vegas. . . The nightclub is alright, its a bit small, and nothing really stands out about it. Girls drink free before a certain time and it can get pretty packed. Jamie Fox made an appearance one night I was here.
I came with my friends on one of their Industry Nights on a Tuesday. . . My friend put us on the guest list and even the guys didn't have to pay cover! Yay! We got wristbands so we got free drinks/open bar from 11:30-12:30. Awesome! The bar was pretty crowded and crazy but the bartenders were amazingly fast! The guy we had was super nice and sweet too. Not rude/attitudey at all. Huge plus for that. . . Overall ambience is nice. It's like a Mediterranean bathhouse type theme. A lot of people complain that their dance floor is really small and I admit, it is definitely on the dinkier side compared to other Vegas clubs... but it's similar to a lot of dance floors in LA. So I guess it's all relative.  . . Music was really good in the beginning - hip hop, top 40s, etc. but then towards the middle of the night, the DJ changed and it turned into house/trance music which I'm not a big fan of. They also gave out these huge long styrofoam glow sticks that look like pool floaties. LOL that was interesting.... . Overall, I'd say LAVO is a good place to pre-party for the open bar but not a club I'd wanna stay at the entire night.
The nightclub here was waaay too small.  We had gotten there really early, since we had free drink tickets, but when we got in the bar was so crowded it took us forever to get our drinks.  Plus, the drinks were much more diluted that I'd like... There were girl dancers laying around, dancing, fanning themselves with these feather fans, which was pretty cool, and the music was actually REALLY great to dance to and we ended up staying the whole night until closing.  The DJ played great hip/hop songs from way back when...like Hot in Here by Nelly, that just brought back memories of great high school days.  However, the venue is just too small, and I'd recommend going next door to Tao.
Was here on a Sunday night because most places were either closed or not in operation. Anyways, this place was loaded with people. Getting into the place didn't take long, but just getting up to the club was a dread. First thing I wondered was, how the hell is a drunk person going to get his ass out of the club after he partied for 4 hrs (good thing it didn't happen to me). . . The stairs were never ending but we finally got up to the top. Small place and a huge open bar. The bar was crowded with rows and rows of people trying to get a drink. We ended up waiting for about 10 mins to get our first shot. I recommend going to the smaller bar next to the restroom area. . . Music that was played in this place wasn't bad at all. They did play the hits and got a pretty sweet DJ doing some mixes. The only thing I didn't like was how crowded it was. It was crowded enough that if you brought your drinks onto the dance floor, you wouldn't walk your ass out of the floor. You would just drop the glass on the floor and have the girls trip all over it. LOL. . Anyways, packed place... might select another place unless it was a Sunday Night. Oh, I did have fun though. LOL
As part of our bestofvegas.com deal, we had access to both TAO and LAVO nightclubs. I didn't know that both were related seeing as each have a different ethnic menu. After attending TAO on a Thursday night, I expected LAVO to be just as magnificent. . . Since we had our wristbands from the previous night, the security directed us to the shorter line and we were in within 5 minutes. Unlike TAO, LAVO had a much shorter line suggesting that we were dealing with a much smaller night club. When we entered we had to make our way to the top floor seeing as how the first floor was the restaurant and a single bar. When we arrived upstairs, the music was bumping loud and the dance floor packed. We struggled to make our way onto the dance floor, dancing for a small amount of time before becoming claustrophobic. The security guards essentially herd people like cattle from the entrance in hopes of keeping it clear to no avail. . . We finally made our way to the bar which covered one whole area and from this single bar with no more than three bartenders, everyone purchased their drinks here. Again, they seemed overwhelmed and undermanned. There was no real place to sit on the too floor and it was just two crowded with my personal space being violated. Much less satisfying than TAO was. Seeing as how it was just too crowded and we needed to rest our feet, me and my girlfriend made our way to the lower level to find a seat. I ordered a Margarita which was great as we sat there and relaxed on the couch. . We noticed that LAVO close at 2AM that day as they did not allow my girl to come back after going outside to talk to her friends. I chugged my drink and left saddened by LAVO's short comings. If your within the LAVO (The Pallazo) area, you should check it out otherwise go to TAO for a much better experience that doesn't end at 2AM.
Beautiful Italian restaurant inside the Palazzo, with an outside terrace which is where we dined. We took my sister and husband to celebrate their Anniversary. The inside is trendy, soft lights, romantic, and very comfy. When we were taken to our table, it took a bit long for ourwaitress to finally come greet us. Throughout our meal she was just OK, she seemed to be in a rush every time she came to our table. Not sure if she was swamped but when you are paying good money I do expect better service. . . We ordered a few cocktails and a bottle of wine. I chose a Super Tuscan at a reasonable price, when the bus boy brought over these awful little by the glass thick short stemware. Um yeah if I order a b bottle of wine please give me decent stems. After I politely asked him for nicer glasses he did bring over much nicer stems. Of course my sister and brother in law thought I was being a wine snob. It's all good, they have no clue. ha ha . . We started with some appetizers, mussels, and an eggplant dish all were very good.  The eggplant was awesome!  Then entrees, we all ordered different dishes, their menu is fairly large with many options to please everyone. The presentation was nice, good size portions, cooked fresh. All of our entrees were good, nothing to great. I was not to wild about their marinara sauce. It was sweet and too thick. . . My sister and brother in law loved their food, and was very happy we chose this restaurant. Food could have been much better as it was forgettable for me. And service well they need some improvement. The view outside was gorgeous, it is a very pretty restaurant, we did enjoy our evening but next time I am so wanting to try "Tao". . . Prices were high, for Italian food that was just average at best.
This review is for the club only**. Forgot which night I came here but the night that we came , there was an open bar for the ladies which was pretty cool . This place is alright but kinda small . Also , I tripped when going down the stairs upon leaving due to the darkness which was embarrassing . I could barely see the steps because there was no lights on the steps to make it stand out or anything .
Review is only for the nightclub.. . I have never had a bigger "Dr. Jekyll/Mr. Hyde" experience out there.  I had read reviews that said that this club (along with the Bank and Vanity) were the best clubs to go to on a Sunday night.  We had gotten the $50 wristbands that gave us unlimited access to Tao and Lavo for the weekend, and despite getting a free pass to Pure at Caesar's Palace, decided to check this place out instead.  We got there at 10:30, only to be told that the club didn't open until 11.  By the time we returned about an hour later, the place was absolutely packed, which isn't a great thing because unlike many other clubs in Vegas, this one was quite small.  I suppose that's the difference between a "megaclub" like Tao, Pure, Tryst, etc. and an "intimate nightclub" like Lavo (and apparently, Surrender).. . Anyway, the talent was absolutely lacking when we first entered, and the ones who did show up were, let's just say not that fun.  It actually got so bad that we left at around 12:30.  Of course, after walking through the Palazzo and doing a bit of gambling for awhile, we realized that it was 1:30AM in Vegas on a Sunday night, and decided to give Lavo one more (last) try.  These are things that you would never do except in Vegas.. . Completely different experience, and it suddenly became a great night (or a regular night in Vegas, by my experience).  The place was still packed, but moving around didn't feel as difficult anymore.  Most of the snooty girls had left (or passed out in the bathroom, I hope).  And of course, as soon as we walked in, All of the Lights came on, with the accompanying light show and everything was good again.. . Still, can't give this place a glowing review because before it was good, it sucked, badly.  And yes, even when it was good, it wasn't awesome, because some of the residual lameness from before was still there.  If nothing else, Lavo certainly proves more than anything that, "in this town, your luck can change just that quickly."
Decent meal.  Between the excellent garlic bread and the apps we ordered (kobe rice balls and meat balls), we were kind of full.  We were able to get seating outside, which was nice.  Kind of pricey, but between the food and service it was worth it.. They also have a bumpin' dance club inside, we weren't staying for that but it looked like a lot of fun.  By fun I meant there were more girls than at a Justin Bieber show.
ONE BAD THING TO NOTE ON LARGE GROUPS:. When reserving a large table, they make you fax over a form (that they e-mail you) on which you're required to include not only credit card info but also a copy of your driver's license, to hold the reservation.. . Now I'm not saying Lavo is definitely responsible for what ultimately happened (because I have no actual proof of it aside from circumstantial evidence), but when I returned from my Vegas trip, I found out that someone went on a shopping spree (in & around Vegas) with the credit card # I had written on the reservation form.. . Through process of elimination, I figured out it might have been someone who works @Lavo behind the scenes, who happened to have access to the fax I had sent over, w/my credit card info on it.. . My credit card # wasn't exposed anywhere else on my trip except Lavo when I made the reservation (my party didn't use my card to pay for our bill, we all paid in cash - & I didn't use this card anywhere else on my trip).. . This idiot also bought herself a plane ticket with said credit card. She doesn't realize that because of this, her name was on my credit card statement & I now have a name to add to my Kill Bill Hitlist. I called Lavo to ask if this person works there & they said they're not allowed to reveal any personnel info.. . I still think it's a great restaurant, the food was absolutely delicious & service was very good. So I downgraded my original review by 1 star due to this credit card fraud thing. Would've only given it 1 star but I actually would like to go back here (because the food was that good) - & pay in cash!
I stayed at the Palazzo this past weekend with a group of friends of 4 guys and 3 girls.  With that kind of ratio, it's a b*tch to get into any club.  One plan after another fell through which is how we ended up at LAVO at 11:45PM.  Short line in comparison to TAO and no guestlist needed since we were staying at the hotel.  Free for girls, $15 for guys, which you really can't get any cheaper than that on the Strip on a Saturday night IMO.. . I very much enjoyed the music and the scene is definitely not as pretentious as the major nightclubs which is probably why I liked it.  However, no matter how much I enjoyed the music, I HATED how crowded it was.  So crowded that by 1AM, I got stuck in the middle of the dance floor trying to get out and a tall (quite handsome) man had to pick me and place me at the bar because I was freaking out and no one else was caring that a 4'10 little girl was about to get stampeded on.. . That's what you get when you're being a cheapass on the Vegas strip I guess.. . I really did like the music a lot though.  A lot of hip-hop, R&B, top 40s, mixed in with some 90s rock, and some house.  A good mix.  House has taken over Vegas and it's not my cup of tea when I'm in a short dress and heels.  Just a shame that I had to play babysitter that night.  And that I almost got trampled.. . Would I come back?  Maaaaybe.. . Yelp 365 challenge #5
Got a comped dinner here with some girlfriends. the food wasn't too bad. the dinner of course was preselected for us. after they took us upstairs to the club area. what a small place! like super small. not the kind of place i want to be in vegas... but good for predrinking since girls had open bar for a bit! of course we left soon after we consumed enough drinks.
Wasn't really feeling the techno-type music they played that night, and I had paid $10 to get in with a coupon. Not bad for my first club in Vegas, I guess. Drinks were typical Vegas ($12-18), so that was expected. It was a smaller place than I thought, so that made it seem really crowded. . . Bottomline: There are better clubs in Vegas.
Very pretty place with just an incredible amount of people.. Not as enjoyable imo as Tao.. . On a sidenote, I wonder how much the girls at Tao get paid to sit in bathtubs naked...
Came here on a Sunday night for the first time.  We got comped drinks for an hour.  They played hip hop, the dance floor was small & crowded.  We ended up staying in one spot, got buzzed and left for XS.
We had dinner reservations at TAO and decided to cancel last minute and try out Lavo since we had already been to TAO last year.  The space is really cool inside, I loved the music the DJ was playing and the outdoor seating area where you can have a drink.  The service was great, from the hostess to our waiter everyone was very fast, professional and nice.  My husband and I were not hungry at all and didn't get to try any of the appetizers, we both ordered Lobster and the Mashed Potatoes, the Lobster was great, the Mashed Potatoes were awesome!! I could not stop eating them, they were a perfect balance of Garlic and cheese.  . After dinner the hostess asked if we wanted a stamp so that we can you to the nightclub, we said sure and headed out to the nightclub.  After looking at the line we practically ran the other way.  Trashy, young...did I say trashy? I know this is Vegas but come on girls when you can't walk in your 6 inch stilettos and have to keep pulling your dress down to cover your butt, something is not right!  I would definitely go back for dinner/drink but that's about it!
A little small club... extremely crowed... can't really dance. . Awesome bartenders!
LAVO tries really hard to be good at the three things it is: an upscale restaurant, a club, and a lounge.  It really excels at none, but is worth going to none-the-less if it's a slow night, especially if you're staying at Palazzo.. . As for the food, get the Kobe (obviously not proper Kobe) stuffed rice balls and just be happy with those - they're absolutely phenomenal.  Go outside for a hookah on the balcony if it's nice enough out, then head upstairs for some shoulder to shoulder dancing on Vegas' smallest dance floor.  The VIP area behind the DJ booth is nice, but if you're able to get a table on the side of the floor, it's considerably better.  Drinks are weak and overpriced but you already knew that.  Music at the club ranges from crappy to okay ... I was never really wowed.  If you're a Palazzo Prestige cardholder, you get to skip the long line and if it's not jam packed, they'll wave your cover.
No one can dispute the restaurant's beauty; LAVO (the restaurant) is beatific in all aspects: an all-around dark setting, grandiose dimly-lit chandeliers, fresh floral arrangements perched everywhere, stone wall-fountains with water softly trickling down them, and Cabernet music humming throughout the restaurant...the list is endless. And of course, the food was savory, and the waiters were too. After eating at the restaurant, we moseyed upstairs to the club.. . AS FOR THE CLUB: it's not "kind of small", it's hella small! For sure it's small, what the hell. Some would call it "intimate", and I would disagree. The crowd was rough, people were pushing, and it was impossible to dance, which sucked, because the DJ was actually spinning great music...and I wanted to dance! In my opinion, they should've stopped admitting people into the club, it was just too sweaty, rowdy, and gross.. . However, I won't completely shortchange LAVO, it has an open bar till 11PM, and still honored it 10-15 minutes passed the hour. And its interior design/decor is nice, I vaguely remember fountains, seashell mosaic artwork, and lots of cream and cerulean blue colors. I also won't overlook that we met some nice fellas that bought us two rounds of drinks, either. Needless to say, we left after only being there 35 minutes because my friend was about to get in a fight with a guy, my friend's a girl. We're classy ladies, what can I say.
I ate at the restaurant and partied at the club. Here's the scoop on both solidly 3-star establishments. . . Dinner: meh. Bring a sweater. . . The restaurant is pretty enough aesthetically, but FREEZING! We were dressed to impress for the club later, and literally all had hypothermia before the second course. We had to go sit outside for an hour before bracing ourselves to re-enter for the club. And the food was just so-so. The portion sizes were really all over the place. Some girls in our group ended up with 5 pounds of pasta in heavy meat sauce that could have fed all ten of us. I ordered the handmade ravioli special and received 6 dainty little sachets of ravioli in a dribble of sauce that left me wondering if there was a Jimmy John's nearby. Sure, the entrees themselves were alright. But they need to work on the portion size. The lobster bisque was impressive, the calamari was good. Our server was attentive. Our check came out to about $75 per person, pretty typical for a nicer Vegas dinner spot. All that said, I probably won't be back. Too many other options without portion and climate control issues and with lower prices. . . Club: some good parts, some bad. . . I was in a group of 10 girls for a bachelorette party. A promoter got us in without a line or cover and gave us a roped off table along the dance floor with a sweet platform to dance on behind it, as well as hidden cubbies for purses. AND we drank for free until 1:30am. Of all the various deals and line jumping and free booze the promoters threw at us that weekend, this was the best treatment anywhere. We were VIPs and didn't pay a cent all night except tipping the bartender and waitress. 5 stars for how we were treated. . . Sadly, this is a 3-star club. The clientele was not the typical "beautiful people" group you see at nice Vegas clubs. Cramming all these folks into a tiny space didn't help, because I was smushed and stepped on quite a bit so perhaps I had less patience with my fellow club patrons. However, out of all ten of us, not a SINGLE GIRL talked to or danced with a SINGLE GUY the entire time we were there. There was literally no one worth leaving our little roped off area for. Once the free drinks ended, we peaced out. Too many people in too small a space, mediocre music, and sub-par clientele. Too many other clubs that do it better. No thanks.
If I was back home in Seattle, I would consider it a good club, but for Vegas one deserves better.  Cramped and dark.  When I stopped by on a Sunday night, the music was mainly techno.
Small-ish club, cramped, music was just alright. Seemed like there were a lot more guys than girls to me. Drinks were not watered down and free for me with the little drink band so I'm not complaining. I was with a lot of girls for my cousin's bachelorette party so we didn't wait in line or pay. The only strange part to me was how many flights of stairs you go up to get in there and then at the top a bathtub on the side of the stairway with girls in bikini's bathing each other umm that's the strangest "decor" I've ever seen but it didn't bother me but it may bother others. Let's face it, dress hot enough and you can do whatever you want in Vegas :) Next time I go I'm going to try the restaurant, walking past the diners inside to get to the club the food looked very tasty.
Every time I've come here, it was for the FREE open bar for the ladies. If you're with guys, there goes drinks for them. & if you're with girls, well...it's time to down as many drinks as you can, haha! There's only one bar with maybe 4 bartenders, so have a gameplan if you're trying to get drink after drink (ie. Just stay near the bar). . . I really enjoy the music at LAVO. Pretty small place, so it gets super crowded quick. . . I'd definitely recommend coming here for the FREE open bar for ladies, but probably wouldn't spend your whole night here (unless you came with guys who had to pay to get in..that'd be just rude if you asked me).
This review is for the new Saturday Champagne Brunch launch party. . . Glow sticks, sunglasses, whistles, beautiful people and really loud music. It was the place to be and be seen Saturday. Me? I came for the food. Completely unimpressed. . . Lemon-Ricotta Waffles- They had a very sour taste that could have come from the cheese/yogurt or the lemons. It certainly was off and everyone at the table agreed. . . Pancakes with a Fruit Compote- The consistency of the flapjack was light, fluffy, yet tasteless. The fruit was dull and lacked sweetness. . . Brick oven Margherita Pizza- This was the saving grace. 2 feet long and packed with warmth from the herbs and lightly sauced and cheesed. We devoured it. . . Crispy Garlic Fries- It was the perfect fry. The only item besides the pizza we enjoyed. . . It's too loud to eat let alone have a conversation. The energy and crowd was that of a Vegas nightclub at 2am. Girls in short dresses dancing on tables and guys in sunglasses and chucks standing against the walls. FYI- ladies watch your purse. In fact, bring a clutch. While I was taking a picture we had two bottles of Voss and sunglasses taken from our table. Ugh. . . It's for the young party rockers! That's what they are going for and it works. DJ Vice let us have it with his sick beats! I'm not gonna lie. I spent half the time dancing and all of the time spinning out on Sugar Free Red Bulls and Belvedere. A good time was had, but will I be back for the brunch party? HELL NO. This just isn't my scene.
Want a easy way to get into a club without waiting in line and paying cover? Hit up LAVO for dinner and get a stamp to enter the club for free. My friends and I opted for this route because our guy/girl ratio was not good. The restaurant is pricey, but their food portions are quite large and I thought the food was pretty good. The guys all got the prix fixe meal and there was too much food for everyone even though all the girls only got entrees. I had the sea bass and it was just the right amount of fish (I also had some of the calamari app, the kobe meatball, and tiramisu dessert). The Kardashian clan was there too and it wasn't all hectic with fans so we weren't bothered. . . The club was alright, the music wasn't the greatest because I just don't care for house (and the dj kept yelling stuff like "I can't hear you St. Tropez or Barcelona"... it was really weird and random and he would turn OFF the music to yell stuff)... but when you don't pay cover and you want to get guys in a Vegas club, it was perfect. The club wasn't crazy crowded which I liked since I could dance on the dance floor (as opposed to a mosh pit), actually get drinks at the bar and use the restroom without a line. . . I would consider going here again
This place is a solid 3.5 stars.. . The club is definitely 4 stars. Great music/dancing, lots of energy, good looking people, and top notch celebrities (like kim kardashian!!!!). Tip..if the little area by the smaller bar/elevators is free, take over it as your own little VIP area and skip the bottle service.. . The restaurant is a solid 3 stars. The food is pretty average italian food, but with a meal you get free entry into the club and get to skip the line. The service was good, but our waiter just seemed to brag about all of the celebrities that he's met and how much those celebrities like to spend on drinks. It was kind of cool to hear that kim kardashian and the kid from jerry maguire were there that night, but hearing him go on and on...kind of got old..fast..
I went to dinner here on a Friday night around 8pm. They offered us inside or out, and we ended up on the patio with a decent view of the stripand great view of the pirate show at T.I. . . We started off by talking to the server about the menu and ordering a bottle of wine. It was evident they were really pushing the kobe meatballs, (from our discussion with the server as well as listening to servers talking to tables around us). The meatballs were good but not the incredible meatballs we were expecting. It was more of a large ball of meatloaf. . . For dinner we had calamari, a pizza and the chicken parm., all was OK but the chicken was very sub par with a rubbery texture almost. The service was good for the most part but missing the little touches that make you want to pay 30+ an entree, especially with so many choices in Vegas. . . I was nervous going in because of the fact that is doubles as a nightclub and owned by the same group as Tao. The meal was all in all OK, but would next time visit a different place. . . The most annoying part of it all, we asked to speak to the manager about coming back to check out the nightclub. They said no problem show the host your receipt and they will stamp you for re entry. After our show around midnight we showed up and offered the (bouncer ??) our wrist with the stamps, two of them looked at each other and laughed as if this was a common practice. . . We ended up going in anyway and the club had a good feel and nice layout, just a little empty.
it's a party!....in your living room.... . LAVO is tiny for my expectations of a Vegas club.  Pro: you can easily scan the floor for cuties or possible one-nighters. Con: you can EASILY scan the whole dance floor.  There was an open bar for the ladies, so that includes double-fisting and an assembly line of passing drinks to the fellas.  Overall, i had fun since there was a good dj and good company.. . Future reminder: i was just told the fried oreos here are the bee's knees so i shall be visiting again.
Date/Time:  Thursday - 9:30pm. Occasion:   Dinner before madness. Party of:  Five. Ordered:  beef carpaccio, tuna tartare, bleu cheese wedge salad, crispy fried calamari, crispy french fries, penne alla vodka pasta, maine lobster, strawberry short-cake dessert, and deep fried oreos.. Total incl gratuity: $?. . Before starting the madness on industry night, we stopped by LAVO for a fairly light dinner.  We ordered an array of different appetizers, entrees, and desserts.   The wait was lengthy and unfortunately, the food and service were only mediocre. Considering the prices - averaging $20/appetizer and $30-$40/entrees, I think the food could have been a lot better.  I was more impressed with the appetizers than the actual entrees.  The beef carpaccio had nice flavor and was served with parmesan crisps, which was a nice touch.  The tuna tartare is worth ordering.  Fresh tuna with just the right pinch of citrus.  The pasta and lobster were both sub-par; they were both lacking in flavor.  Nothing that was worth paying premium prices for.. . If you're big on desserts, try the deep-fried oreos. It sounds ridiculously fattening, and I'm sure they, however they are heavenly.  Little warm oreos deep fried in batter and served with vanilla ice cream.  Do I really need to say more?. . Overall, LAVO is convenient and a great comfortable setting for getting together with friends, although don't come here expecting a magical culinary experience.
Although I like how they decorated the place, it is way too small.  I had positive experiences in the past for bachelorette parties where the place wasn't jammed pack. My most recent experience (Halloween weekend) left me disappointed.  . . The line was ridiculously long but my friends and I were able to get in fast.  Once we got in, we could barely move inside.  The dance floor upstairs was overcrowded, as well as the bar area.  It got old very fast when security would yell at me "YOU CAN'T STAND THERE," when it was clearly obvious that there wasn't room for standing space.. . We left at 12:30 and the line was still ridiculously long.  Avoid this place on Halloween weekend if you can!
I had no idea this place was also an italian restaurant aside from the nightclub. I think next time I'm gonna try the food here =P. . But anyway, came here on my last night in Vega$$$ (sunday) with 4 others and had a good time. My friend's friend was celebrating her birthday and apparently got a table so that's why we decided to hit up LAVO or else I would have had no plans and just chilled for the last night since I went clubbing both Friday & Saturday nights and my feet were sooo beat up from being stepped out, my new heels breaking in..etc. =T. . But nonetheless, had a good time with good company. Pregamed with captain morgan (ugh) but it did its job and got me prettty buzzed by the time I got in the club. ^_^ Luckily, my friend was a promoter so got us in pretty quick. The lines weren't that long yet 'cause we arrived around 10. The club has a nice interior, much smaller, and it was poppin'. . . Drink prices are the usual. Forgot what I ordered for my homeboys, pineapple and vodka/rum? I forgot.. and they don't even remember. LOL. . The reason why I'm giving it 3 stars though... is the crowd. Mehhh. Got to the dance flo and wasn't that pleased even when I was buzzed! But it's all good, still had a good time!! Danced with my girlfriend all night long :o) Got so tired around 1 and left 'cause we were getting hungry.. so we missed DJ Vice's birthday celebration. .  . P.S. I loveeed walking through Venetian. Sooo purttty =)
Tuesday night up in da club, no dinner. . medium line. $15 cover since we had no discount card. crowded and lots of bottle necks. shoulder to shoulder. . . CRAPPY sound system. . and im a bit too old to enjoy foam being pumped out onto the crowd during the build ups and drops.(they still do that?) spendy drinks $8 buds, but they did give away a lot of free light sticks, but im a liitle too old for that as well
I wasn't expecting that much from LAVO when I came here last Sunday night.  I heard things like: "small" and "just a lounge" from my friends who have been here.  But it was a Sunday night and I was with a bunch of dudes in Vegas.  LAVO was a good choice because my friend was able to put our group on a guest list so that non of us had to pay... I would have been free either way but to get guys in for free that is awesome.  We got there around 11:30 so we had to wait in a long line unfortunately.  Buzz kill!  Like literally, my buzz was gone by the time I got inside.  Drinks were free from 11-12 but we got in after midnight so boo.. . Once inside around 12:15 they were playing some good house music so that made me happy.  But it was packed like a sardine can so your dance movements had to be limited to no movement at all.  My bf's cousin said that it was a "sweat factory" inside.  Pretty accurate.  We were lucky to snag some of those light up foam sticks to dance with.  Even more fun to hit people with.  . . We had to take a break outside because it was too crowded inside.  Unfortunately when we got back inside it was a hot dog festival and they were only playing hip hop music.  No bueno.  Party is over.. . To sum it up, LAVO was better than I expected, mainly because I wasn't expecting much.  I still had some fun even though the club's physical capacity for fun was exceeded.  Fire codes must have been broken.  Pretty good party for a Sunday night.
Good Italian food but is an overpriced "Vegas" restaurant...charging you for the ambiance is included in the meal.  The club is pretty cool, but i prefer the restaurant...i do like the overall vibe of the restaurant, and a cool place to eat before a night out on the strip.
Restaurant review:. . Friends, DW, and I dined here pre-Phantom.  The setting is vibrant.  The wait staff professional.  The food is really quite good, if not a bit over priced.  But you know that going in to any trendy restaurant on the strip.. . Definitely go for the Kobe Meatballs.  They are fantastic, definitely the best meatball I've ever had.  The calamari is good as well.. . Our party had 3 pasta dishes and a prime filet.  All were very good.. . Dessert was the 7 layer chocolate cake.  Anytime the wait staff mentions an item is shareable, believe them!. . 3-Stars cause it is Vegas strip expensive.  The meatballs make me want to give it a 4th star, but no.
For the nightclub-. . Came here after our group got kicked out of Surrender (it's a long, long story...). . No cover for ladies or gents, and free drinks for ladies till midnight. Not a bad deal. . . Unfortunately, drinks were watered down, even the ones we paid for after midnight. so the BF and I were barely tipsy after about 7 drinks in.. . The played more hip hop than anything else, which was just ok for me. I don't listen to house music on the regular but I like variety! They also played a lot of old music which wasn't what I expected. . . What I really didn't like was how small this place was! It was packed and the layout wasn't the best. Staff was ok. Bartenders were pretty good at staying on top of things. The mix of people here wasn't too bad. But for a place that keeps being advertised as associated with TAO I expected a little more.. . I had fun more because of the people I was with than because of my experience with Lavo. I probably won't come back, except maybe to try the restaurant.
So...many...sinks...felt the need to constantly wash my hands...
Food: I actually went to eat here once with my girlfriends for a comped dinner 5+ girls. Not sure if they do this anymore but It consisted of a 5 course meal with drinks in between to add to the dishes. Didn't taste just Italian but Mediterranean to me. It was delicious and after dinner and the drinks from dinner I was already buzzed. . . Club: Small and very crowded unless you have a table, because its so small the range of people who come here are mostly music lovers who come to enjoy the headliners that are booked on days like Tuesdays. The design of this place kind of sucks once you walk in you have to walk up stairs. Girl's like me in 4 inch heels ya... it sucks.. . Music: definitely my taste in music, Trance. Even though this place is small they throw one hell of a party. The lights, go go dancers, confetti, and the foam glow lights they give out definitely add to the craziness of this place. . . Bar: There's 1 and 1/2 of a bar in this place, yes very small. The main bar is always packed but there's a male bartender there that's super nice and I tip him well because he makes my drinks strong just the way I like it.
Enjoyed the food. I had the tuna tartare for appetizer and spaghetti and meatballs with a glass of "the riddler" for my entree. All were delicious.. Before we got any food or drink, a waiter tripped and dropped his serving tray on my shoulder. It startled me and it also bugged the crap out of me that he never apologized. My own server said she was sorry but he did not. Usually when something like that happens the manager comes by to make sure you're ok, but here, nothing. I let my server know I was bothered by his lack of interest that he conked me on the shoulder but she didn't seem to really care that much. If I really wanted to get into it I could have gone to the manager but due to the fact that I was with a larger party and uninjured, I let it ride.. The music during dinner could have been more quiet; we had to shout.. Nightclub was fun, since we ate there, we could walk upstairs for free. DJ was really good, and the vibe was fun. Note: This is not a sit-down club. Its very small by vegas standards, but it was still a great time!
3.5 Stars.. . Didn't eat here.  Just partied.  Liked it but didn't love it.  Niche crowd, semi-sophisticated.  Vegas without size, but after Lavo, I realized that I kind of like the size when I hit Vegas clubs.
Even with free admission, open bar wristbands, and a handful of free drink tickets, I still wasn't very impressed with Lavo Nightclub. I wasn't feelin' the music at all. It was just a bunch of the same stuff I've been hearing on the radio for the past year, but what do you expect? If they at least threw in an old (or even new) hip hop song with a bangin' beat, I'd be a little more happy, but they didn't. I almost slipped on some drink spills a few times because no one came over to clean it up, but I guess that's hard to notice. The bathrooms were very dark and kind of small. The one thing I thought was pretty cool when I went was that they were giving out free Styrofoam glowstick things and glow necklaces. It was pretty cool until some ghetto guy came up to me and jacked one from my hands. I actually took a picture inside the club and didn't realize how many creepy crunk people were there until I looked at the picture afterward (http://s3-media4.ak.yelpcdn.com/bphoto/_7NLWpbuT1muUTdVQvKzfA/l.jpg). Despite my mediocre experience, I will most likely be back here again to check out Old School Wednesdays.
It's a great atmoshphere and ambiance with solid service. The food is ok but it's more all about the entire experience.
Review for the Nightclub only.. . So my group of eight, six guys two girls, we copped VIP tickets upon entering our limo. Therefore, saves everyone ten bucks, so girls get in free!. . We ate at a nearby restaurant and we walked by Lavo, no line at 10:15. We come back at 10:45 (doors open at 11) and there were multiple lines, sigh. We end up in the VIP line that led us outside of the doors to stand in the freakin' cold. Pregaming early might have been a bad idea since this was on a Tuesday night. However, Sander Van Doorn was to be playing, so we did expect it to reach max capacity. The line barely moved and bouncers were no help. They even said the tickets wouldn't work since it was past 11! But after much discussion, we convinced them to let it slide anyway, at 12:30 when we were about to go in.. . It's suuuuuuper crowded. Dance Floor way too small. Creepers everywhere. And I mean everywhere! Won't get into personal stories, but I must say, this was a sketchy ass club, and yall aren't even good looking. Yeah, people here were rude, stuck up, unnattractive, and were a waste of space. . . Pros:. -Decor is really cool. I wish I took photos because I was in awe.. -Some good ass dj's come here. Mainly on Tuesdays, take advantage of it! Because weekends here are even worse and not worth the money.. -Cool effects lights and the place is bumpin bumpin bumpin.. -You can visit the restaurant, lounge, AND nightclub. . . Cons:. -Security is everywhere. Even on the dancefloor. Goddamn, get out of the way and stay on the sides or something.. -Creepers. Creepers everywhere! Some old, most came solo, and all our obvious about being creepy as shit.. . Why the 3 stars? Sander killed it! Such a good set, I kept wanting to dance. I wish I stayed til 4 but hey, shit happens. Overall, for a weekday clubbing night, it was chill. Who wouldn't love a 4+ hour set for free with sick visuals from some of your favorite dj's! =]
Review for club only. . . After much debate of which club my friends and I wanted to attend..we went here. Boy was I disappointed...AT FIRST.. . After a 30 min wait, we walked up expecting to pay $30 by club promoter hearsay. Ugly lady working the register, "$40 cover" after a little wtfusaytomeb*tch, I relented, along witha few of my buddies. A couple resorted to going back since clubbing isn't really their thing. Our girls got in free along with free drinks till 1AM. . . Drinks were STRONG. The girls had no problem getting 3-4 drinks in an 1.5 hr span.. . Club is TINY. and that's an understatement. We went to the dance floor and I thought we were at Walmart for black friday. . . Giving this place 3 stars only cause TYGA put on a good performance, otherwise it would've been 2. . . After TYGA's performance, we left to go play some craps and who shows up at our table? TYGA. After droppin' a few 'hunneds' we bounced and bid TYGA farewell.. . Overall a DECENT night at LAVO. TYGA's performance and rollin' dice with him.
This place were pretty good. We reserved a table and it was definitely a lot of fun. The servers were good about coming back pouring drinks for people. Girls were able to dance on a upper platform area. Music was pretty kickin, there was a guest DJ there that night. Overall much better than the previous night's club choice.
Went here for the nightclub on a sunday night. Short line, no cover, but super crowded inside! The dance floor was small, but they had tons of good music! . . However, since the area was small and it was jammed packed with people, it was hard to navigate to the bar or to anywhere! Thus, once you're in there, be prepare to stay there or else you'll have trouble finding a room to dance!!. . Overall, it was alright, would I go back again? Maybe.
Went here for dinner on Friday night... We had 8 dudes, but even though we had a reservation and it was late (9:45)... we had to wait a bit and they sat us outside...in the 100 degree heat.  The heat wasn't a big deal, but we kind of missed out on the whole decor and atmosphere of the inside.  The kobe meatball was very good.  I just got an 8 ounce filet.  It was good... but it doesn't even come w/ a potato or anything... but the side of asparagus i got was heaping and tasty.  The filet was good though... cooked to my specifications and seasoned nicely... most other people got pasta dishes... do'nt know what they thought, but most looked pretty normal.  Service was good.  They got everything right.  Not super pricey, but pricey.  But overall I was underwhelmed... I just had the feeling that I would rather pay more to eat better or pay less to eat junky.  No real complaints... but I wasn't wowed by anything.
Trendy and loud.  We celebrated my bf's birthday there last night.  Our first seating was of the type of small tables set along a bench.  We were wedged in between a large corner both and another small table. The music was so loud we could barely hear each other.  My bf asked if we could move and we were immediately reseated with a smile, no attitude. Our new table was a lot better. . . My bf had the seared grilled tuna with with artichoke hearts & loved. it.  I had the 8 oz filet and it was good, nothing outstanding though. Keeping in mind this is an Italian restaurant but it seemed the focus was not on Italian food.  This could of influenced our food choices, trying to be fair.  We split a caprese type salad and it was excellent.  The service was friendly and very attentive.  We had several servers attending to us which was excellent except it made the dining experience less formal and we had quite a few interruptions.
Everyone said to go to LAVO on Sunday's because it's usually packed. Yeah, it's packed alright! My friends and I received FREE admission because we were staying at the Venetian. It was nicely decorated. But the place was too small. There were FREE drinks for females until 11pm, which is great. You have to tip the bartenders so they keep coming back to serve you. . . A couple steps down is the dance floor. Trust me, this place is very, very, very small. It was packed with people when I went and maybe that's because of the small venue. It was really hard to dance and have fun with people next to you, at least shoulder apart.. . If you're looking for a bigger dance floor with multiple bars, try going to TAO, XS, Marquee, etc.
Six of us came here for dinner on a guys trip. Problems started right away as they could not find our reservation. It took 10 minutes before they finally agreed to seat us, and they put us outside in the heat which is not what we asked for. . . We ordered our entrees and drinks. I finished my pepsi and asked for another, but they wanted to charge me for another drink. Seriously? We spent over $500 here for dinner and you want to nickel and dime me for a pepsi? I hate it when places do that.. . The food finally came and it was just so-so. I had the penne seafood alfredo and it was nothing special at all. I was disappointed and expected more since Tao is so amazing. The service was okay. I wish we had chosen another place for dinner that night.
We decide to check the place out as we were staying at the Venetian. The special was a 34 oz piece of meat (OMG! for a vegetarian I almost passed out) they suggest you share it, yeah with like 6 people!!! Anyway, the food was very good, I had the vegetarian spaghetti.  The bread was super yummy, the cocktails good, they have outside seating which we wished we had taken advantage of because the HORRIBLE, earth shaking, DJ spun Techno music was unbearable. I sat on the booth/bench side of the table with my back to the bar - the seat shook the whole time - I guess it saved me a quarter for a vibrating bed, but shoot we were having dinner not clubbing!
The place was way too crowded for my liking. The food wasn't anything special, especially for the prices they are charging.. . The service was very good although I was with a large private party and we were being catered to.
I really like Lavo (as a nightclub)! Have yet to have a meal here though, so this review is for the nightclub only. Space-wise it can get pretty cramped because it's a bit on the smaller side, but nowhere near as uncomfortably packed as Tao. Dance floor is pretty tiny, but honestly, I didn't notice it until the place had mostly cleared out and I got a good look around. They play hip-hop and a lot of old songs, but old in a way that makes you go "oh man, I haven't heard this song in a while, but  it's still awesome," which I think is a nice change of pace from all the clubs that play almost exclusively house music.. . Lavo is probably a 3.5 in my book, though I have to admit, part of the reason for that is because we had open bar, courtesy of our wonderful promoter (who also got our guys in for free!) There's a main bar area, but we got all our drinks from the side bar, which was super crowded and only had one bartender working there. But he was a really adorable and sweet bartender, so no complaints.. . tl;dr: Everyone in my group had a fairly fun time. Would definitely come back-- especially if we're staying at the Venetian/Palazzo!
Have been for late dinner, and happy hour appetizers.  Both good, but only good.  Which is good!!  Italian is top quality for Las Vegas, but with a club inside the restaurant it becomes tough to take serious as a top quality restaurant.  The appetizers are great, cocktails are decent. If you want Vegas flare, it is one of the top places that cater to people who need both liquid and solid.  Definitely worthy!
I went to the nightclub not the restaurant but I saw the restaurant part and it was gorgeous. The club is pretty small it was just a dance floor in the middle and a big bar off to the side with space to dance around. It was ok I wouldn't recommend it as one of the "go to" clubs in Vegas. I would have much rather gone somewhere else. We got there after 12 and the list was closed ladies had to pay $10 and men $20. I was against it since I'm from Miami and I refuse to pay to get into a club but we were the tourists this time.
Lavo is an ok night club. It's a pretty small venue compared to some of the other clubs in Vegas but it's still relatively nice. There is definitely a much shorter wait here than most other clubs. I feel like the crowd here attracts less college students (I prefer the college age crowd since well, I'm in college). I feel like this club doesn't give you the same epic clubbing in vegas experience as some of the larger clubs do though. but why do I still go? Short lines, sometimes the guys will get in free/cheap and they often have open bar for girls! It's not a bad place to start out your night, if you're not feeling it you can always hop over to another club after getting some free drinks. Oh, also because this place usually plays hip hop, or all the times I've been here anyways. Usually when I go the people I'm with aren't as into edm so we opt for clubs that play more hip hop. Although I wouldn't mind the edm, we go with the group majority :I
I have such mixed feelings about my recent visit to LAVO this past Friday night. We had such a blast the last time we were here. Since we were staying at Palazzo again, we figured we'd come back again. I contacted the same promoter from last time and we were able to get in free again, open bar. . . We met some really cool English guys and hung out at their table. Apparently, it was LAVO's owner's birthday celebration that night so he was so generous and gave every table Crystal champagne. Yep, Crystal baby! I don't usually drink (yes, you heard me) but I wasn't gonna pass up this opportunity. Man, that was good champagne! Then 30min later, they brought out Patron Silver for every table too! . . Now here's the disappointment. We had a guy friend in our group. I don't know the exact story but he was kicked out by security. They accused him of being too drunk and harrassing other girls. He's gay! Are you serious?! Our assumption is they were discriminating cuz he's gay. He did drink but was not intoxicated and acting inappropriately. They even confiscated his wallet. We left the club, obviously, and spent an hour talking to the head of security to get his wallet back. Of course, they denied their security in the club would do such a thing, but we didn't make it up. Finally, they 'found' hiswallet and said it was in lost and found. Sorry, but that's BS. I don't know if we'll come back next time. This incident definitely ruined the night.
Small small club for Las Vegas standards. We had table service so I can't speak for the bar service. Overall it was not the level that Vegas usually is when it comes to table service. We still had a great time. But if I did not have a table I would not come back. There were no standing room and the dance floor was packed!
I am torn. We didn't come here for the club, just for dinner. I felt like the italian dishes were probably "meh" and nothing special but... . . if I could sum it up, high roller, big baller:  I hope you like balls. Don't leave here without putting some balls in your mouth.. . GET THE MEATBALL. Get the meatball. Get one. Get two. Get more. But really, taste the meatballs, because it's really what you should come to LAVO for. . . Jokes aside. I had intense ordering regret when I had one taste of my friend's meatball (hah, hah).  Because I didn't order one, and so all I could think about while I ate my so-so bolognese was... I want more of his meatball! . . . We were seated outside on the balcony facing the Treasure Island show. Our waiter was hilarious- he claimed to be able to perform the whole thing, and I called him on it, so he lip synced perfectly to most of it. The drinks were good. . . Overall message: get the balls.
Sister's 21st bday in Vegas so i looked for the hot spot to take her to dinner and she said italian so LAVO popped up first. Made reservations on a Saturday night and we were seated right away when we arrived. Nice decor, dark and very loud music just a hip modern atmosphere to get our night started. Our server was prompt and we started with drinks, now don't ask me to name them off their cocktail list I cant remember the weird italian names but they were good. Unfortunately later on the music was so loud my server heard something completely different and brought the wrong drink but it was good and drinkable, she even offered to comp it and bring the correct one but I didn't mind. For appetizers we ordered the oysters and the evenings  special squash blossoms, they arrived quickly and before that we ate some of their delicious garlic read so yummy! The oysters were delicious and fresh but when they came out we thought they were trying to jip us since there were 3 large and 3 extra small so we brought it to our servers attention and she informed us they were different types of oysters ooooooh.... ok we get it now but I dont remember that description in the menu. The squash blossoms were disappointing, heavily deep fried and bland, when i heard it was drizzled with honey truffle I thought they would be amazing but i wouldn't recommend them. For our entrees I asked our server which was more popular the penne with seafood or spaghetti carbonara...she picked the spaghetti and man it was incredible! Highly recommend this dish, cannot get it out of my mind my mouth salivates thinking about it. My sister had the shrimp linguine special which was ok not as flavorful as the carbonara, my friend ordered the seabass which I thought for the price, I've had much better for much less. Should have tried the meatballs that everyone talks about, in my reservation i wrote celebrating my sisters birthday and again in front of our server said " lets start with the birthday girl!" so I was disappointed when we did not receive the bday dessert I've read about and maybe I should directly asked but I didn't want to be annoying. Enjoyed our evening never rushed like at Tao and service from hostess to server was good also.
Not quite the A-List crowd like the one in NYC, but it did the job.. . Nice looking venue (but what venue ISN'T nice looking in Vegas?), though not quite as impressive as TAO (that room is just incredible looking, but with a shitty crowd.). . The girls were very drunk and very friendly, though I must admit not so to every guy. LOL. . I couldnt tell you anything about the restaurant, but the drink prices were quite reasonable compared to Manhattan.
This review is about the dining experience- all I can say is, the meatball is so good that it pretty much made up for the completely distant, inattentive service that I received at dinner last Saturday.. . What also helped was the perfect weather on the terrace over-looking the Strip.  So fun!. . (I have eaten inside of the restaurant before, but it wasn't nearly as interesting.)
Came here for dinner to check out what all the rave was about their kobe meatballs. The dining experience was not great nor bad.  It was ok. We ordered their kobe meatball to start, literally it was a size of a grapefruit. Was ok, not the best. I had the chilean seabass, which was divine and silky....highly recommend. And the hubby had the seafood pasta, which again was just ok. We checked out the nightclub upstairs and it was entertaining/fun.
Short Review:. This is for the night club not the restaurant. - One of the smallest clubs I have ever been to in Vegas. - Lively crowd it's usually PACKED (probably due to the size) and the music is okay. . For people who are familiar with downtown San Jose this place is kind of like The Loft.  It's an upstairs club the decor is much nicer (comes with LED lights etc.) but overall pretty small compared to the rest of the clubs in Vegas.
Great place for youngsters!  we be clubbing :)
I gave LAVO a terrible review the first time visited, but after this night, it's a pretty nice club (when it's not full). The promoters and bouncers outside were really nice, and dressed beautifully, pocket square and all. The club itself is kind of small, and the dance floor is tiny. LOTS OF GUYS. I was surrounded by guys at one point in the night and I decided to make my escape to the bar area. . . I won a contest and got a pair of tickets + drinks to see Cosmic Gate play here. Unfortunately, or fortunately, there were a handful of high ranking DJs at the other clubs, so Lavo was a bit empty. The girls and I had a space to sit while we're tired, and didn't need to fight to get the bartender's attention. The free drink tickets kept on coming! . . Too bad for Cosmic Gate, the dance floor emptied around 2am, and I was able to go up all the way to the booth. Around that time the managers probably got the hint and turned on the lights. Poor CG, I still love you!
This review is for the nightclub, as I didn't eat at the restaurant. I came to Lavo during my trip to Vegas right before Christmas. A promoter stopped my twin and I in the street and invited us to go so we said why not. . . It was a Sunday and I had no clue what the parties were like on that day, or how the crowds or bouncers would be. But the bouncers were nice and we got right in and headed up to the club. When I hear "nightclub" I think monstrous open space. That would make Lavo a lounge...a pretty small one. We got there at a decent time and it was already pretty full, but an hour later it was just too cramped to enjoy (I'm more of a sexy lounge type of girl). . . As others noted, the crowd was most definitely Asian. I was there with my sister to have fun so I really didn't care, but people looking to pick up someone (or be picked up) should keep it in mind if they're expecting a more diverse selection. . . But regardless, I did enjoy myself (without alcohol, I might add) and might check it out again if I was in town. The DJ was pretty awesome that night and I still have my foam glow sticks = )
I think my rating might be a bit unfair. I was having a dinner meeting here so I was more engaged withthe conversation vs. the food. However the things that I noticed were the following:. . - The portions are too big. Some might enjoy it but you'll be so overwhelmed with the appetizers that perhaps you won't enjoy the main course as much.. . - The ambiance is great. Well put together and the lighting is nice too. I would have thought the presentation of the food would have better suited the theme that they created . . - Quality of the food is definitely 3stars. Again. Nothing that I wow'd over. . . It reminds me of being at a really fancy restaurant while being served food from maggiano's (nothing wrong with maggiano's)...but it didn't live up to what I was expecting. . The staff was very friendly and our server was beyond helpful. Supporting staff was always attentive as well. Perhaps I came in with a different impression and got something different?? I'm sure I will try it again, perhaps with a more casual group.
Pros: No wait, no cover, and a free open bar.. . Cons: Weird, old crowd. The music wasn't that great, and it was pretty crowded. The vibe was just kind of off, so we went to XS instead.. . It's a nice club, just a little small and wasn't what we were looking for at the time. The open bar was very nice, and the bartenders were generous and served pretty strong drinks. The bouncers were a little pushy, in that they kept pushing through the crowd with these incredibly bright flashlights, which was inconvenient. Overall, a decent experience, but I don't think I'd come back. It's also kind of weird to go through a nice restaurant to reach the club on the top floor.
Came here on a Saturday night with a group of 12 people.  We forgot to make reservations but they were able to accommodate us at such short notice.  . . I ate here twice for dinner and  I can now say that I am not a fan of their food.  . . The first time I came here I had raw oysters (which I enjoyed- then again I love raw oysters) and their rigatoni sausage pasta dish.  I felt that it was a pretty "heavy" choice of a meal since we were going out afterwards.  In Italian cuisine, the sauce is what makes the dish,  their tomato sauce lacked a lot of flavor.  This dish tasted like the pastas you can order at the Italian fast food joints located in shopping centers/malls.  The second time I came here, I had the roasted chillean sea bass and it was okay.  The portabello mushrooms were over powering the flavor of the dish..unless it were meant to be the "main" flavor.   . . The pasta portions are pretty huge, so if you're going to get a pasta dish, you should probably split that with your friend/date.  Make sure you pay attention to your bill because they charge for garlic bread.  The waiter brings it out to your table, as if it were free, but it's not. . . The seating is pretty close to each other. I feel like I can sit and hear the conversation of everyone around me. Excellent wait staff and Pinot Grigio.
This review is for the restaurant and nightclub.  The food was good atmoshphere was nice, a little pricey but cool.  The nightclub was small but chill for tuesday night. My only issue was this douchebag that decided to splash water in my boyfriends face walking by him as we left the club. If you want to act 10 don't go to a club go to a playground.  overall it was ok.
We waited 45 mins for our table, even with our reservation. The restaurant was highly recommended, so we were disappointed with the wait. The hostess did offer us a free round of drinks to compensate. We had the pomegranate limonata, which was made well. The restaurant does have a nice ambience upon entering, but looks much bigger than it really is. They had a DJ playing good music in the lounge area. Once we were finallyseated, the restaurant manager came over to apologize for the wait. Luckily, the food was very good. We ordered tuna tartare, beef carpaccio, meatballs with ricotta, creamed spinach & a 12 oz steak, which was more than enough to split among three people. Service was great & attentive. Bathrooms were clean, but a little dark inside. We were able to access the nightclub after eating.. . As for the nightclub, the music was horrible! It was rap all night. Not r&b that you could dance to, but rap that you couldn't understand the words with disgusting lyrics. The DJ did not know how to transition from one song to another. There was an older crowd there, so with it comes creeps. The comped drinks we had were not good on anything except beer and champagne. Not what I pictured the party scene to be after eating at such a trendy restaurant.
came here because a promoter got all 14 of us girls in for free open bar - score!! but you know there's always a catch - open bar only went on for a couple of hours and we had to wait for really long periods of time before we could place our drink order (the bar tenders of course favored those who were actually paying for their drinks). the dance floor was slightly on the small side but the music was good and the dancing lovelies threw out flashing glow sticks to the crowd - overall a pretty fun night at a decent club
Night Club review:. . Very nice decor; bath (Lavo) themed.. . Bar area is in weird shape. Bartenders were not very nice at all.. . Dance area is small. Overall club is small.. . More of a lounge type than club.. . Too many bottle service areas. This place needs more dance areas.. . Place needs better ventilation & shouldn't allow smoking went it's so stuffy inside.. . They play house & trance here. . . Open bar for ladies from 11 pm-midnight.. . If you know a promoter, they can usually get you in free & ladies free drinks & table.   . . Doors open at 10:30 p.m. . Fridays and Saturdays and 11 p.m. Sundays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays. . . Cover is $20, and locals are admitted free Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursday
The meatball really is to die for and I loved that it came out really hot. The only drawbacks were that the garlic bread they give to each table is really sub standard...like the kind you buy frozen at the grocery store and that the rigatoni in my rigatoni with sausage was undercooked. I don't mind al dente, but crunchy pasta may be pushing it! I'd got back for the wine, the meatball and the atmosphere....maybe next time the Sexy Siren show that you can see across from the patio won't be cancelled!
A big group of friends went recently because this was her favorite restaurant of all time.. . The food was good but it wasn't anything to write home about. The pasta was really al dente which I liked but I wasn't blown away by the sauce or the meatball. Again, it was all pretty good but it wasn't really worth the high price.. . The oreo dessert we got at the end was probably my favorite of all the items we got.. . 3.5 stars overall but decided to go with a 3 because of the unwarranted high price.
This review is for the nightclub only.  . . Came here on a Saturday night during a girls weekend to little 'ol Las Vegas.  We arrived around 11ish or so, and there was virtually no line.  We were on a guest list.  It may not have mattered except we paid no cover, and our wristband granted us free drinks for an hour. Just make sure to tip the bartenders!. . We crawled up a TON of stairs...we overlooked the restaurant at one point.  WHY does Vegas insist in putting in a f*ckton of stairs that girls in 7" heels have to climb up, and then stumble/fall down later?! This makes no sense to me.. . Annnnyways...the club upstairs was smallish, compared to some of the mega clubs in LV.  They were playing great music though, the bartenders were friendly and attentive, and the ladies bathroom attendant was ablast!. . I def had a good time here.  Not super packed like some of the new clubs, which can be a plus or negative, depending on what kind of night you are looking for,  I wouldn't NOT come back if someone insisted, but it would not be my top go-to club either.  The restaurant scene looked nice and trendy with lots of youngish people (as young as can afford a nice dinner) and I could see a lovely night with dinner and clubbing all in one location here.. . Bonus: free drinks for an hr. (but that was specific to my guest list). Bogus: so many freaking stairs in heels!!
A group of friends from out of town made reservations so we joined.  It wasn't our first choice or our last.   Our group walks up for our reservations after getting around the line it was not problem.  We walk in to dine we are seated at a nice table and can enjoy the view of the room.  I did no eat much because we did munch earlier so I really cannot review on the food. My friends seamed happy the setting in nice that time of the night if felt like more of a lounge then a restaurant but we were fine with that.. . We moved upstairs to the nightclub after.  Tons of stairs kinda reminded me of what I would think it would be like to walk through the inside of an pyramid!  Maybe it was the little person with a large fan fanning the scantily clad woman we passed in one of the halls?!  Lavo" means "to bathe so the theme here is usually gogo dancers and lingerie clad beautiful women dancing or lounging in tubs.. . The club itself is small the VIP and bottle service tables are nice.  Tip: If you come to Vegas and do a night club the only way to sit in any of the clubs in doing bottle service.  The price was comparable to other places, the table service/waitress was beautiful and took care of us all night.. . All in all nice place but I left unimpressed just kind of ehh so 3 stars.  Good but not great.
We were looking for somewhere to club on Sunday night and usually Vanity at the Hard Rock was the happening spot but for some reason it was closed that weekend. I think Vanity has closed to special events only since the re-opening of Body English. Anyway, I heard Lavo was cool on Sunday nights, and my cousin didn't want to go because she had been there before and didn't have the greatest experience. But it was our only hope so we went. We waited in line for a few minutes and locals were free. I'm not sure why they call this a nightclub because it literally consists of a bar and a dancefloor and that's it lol. The DJ was good and the crowd was decent. Ice T and Coco happened to be there. I've seen them a few times out and about so it was nothing really special for me but it's always fun to see celebs hanging out. Overall I would come back but only on a night that I know would be worth my time or for a drink special.
I went to Lavo while in Vegas celebrating a Bachelorette. I made reservations for 8:30pm through open table. When we walked up to the restaurant there was a line to check in with the host! After waiting for 15 mins, even though we had a reservation, we were given a pager and told we had to wait for our table. The host was rude and clearly stressed. We waited over 30 mins and had to rush through dinner. Not cool. They obviously over booked and didn't care to apologize.
*Nightclub Review*. . I used to be a regular here in my early months after turning 21. Yeah, it came to the point where I got stopped getting ID'd. Haha.. . Got to the club around 1:30 a.m. You think that's late? I don't think so. There were no lines nor promoters harrassing people. It was empty on a Saturday night.. . I was with 3 other women who were rockin' hot that night. Or at least they thought so. Haha. JK, they were nightclub appropriate. Stood in line for a good 5 seconds, got ID'd and the bounce dude told us that it would be free for the ladies and $20 for me. I didn't mind paying. Got to the cashier, one cashier said that one girl was free because she was local, the other two were not and I wasn't free. Had a small argument but they just let us in all for free.. . Went inside, bar was empty of people and the bartenders were just hanging around. Dance floor was NOT full at all! Again, this was a Saturday night. There was actual elbow room in the dance floor and you can actually dance!!! They played old school music from the 90s and went back and forth with today's music, they even threw in some random house music in there.. . Yes, it was fun but it has changed from 2009. It's probably because all these other new nightclubs have popped up and LAVO needs to up their game. Oh well.
I am reviewing the restaurant.. . The food was delicious and worth the price we paid, although I feel the pasta dishes were on the small side.  The chicken dishes had larger servings.  The atmosphere can be described as upscale and trendy.  I would have given this place four or five stars if the waitress didn't act like we were an annoyance.  She was not particularly friendly or concerned with how we were doing.
Got seated outside...was in the warm side had Calamari and it was pretty good.. . Overall, wasn't happy with price to quality ratio.  Maybe we hit an off night but we were there to celebrate...
I was at Vegas over the weekend, and we decided to go to LAVO Nightclub on Saturday Night.  We had a blast there it was a good vegas night.  The music was pretty good, the people there weren't a bunch of douche's.  Overall it was good.  I just didnt like how it was so small and im pretty sure they went over capacity because there was absolutely no where to walk. Good thing we had bottle service because there was no way i was walking through that mess.  We tipped the bouncer in front of our table good money and he took care of us all night.  Made room for us to walk around and go to the bathroom, took people out of our corner that we didnt want there.  We felt like bosses so to say haha.  But i would recommend this nightclub if you want to experience the nightlife of vegas for a decent price compared to the thousands spent at other clubs.
Had dinner here two years ago and enjoyed the appetizers so I went back there last night.  Was very excited to go back.  Back then I had a Caprese salad with green tomatoes and it was delicious.  I went back there and there was a similar mozzarella tomato salad on the menu but it wasn't the same.  There wasn't enough balsamic vinegar, which turned out to be a good thing because it was sour.  My husband had the Caesar Salad which was great but over priced.  We also had the chicken Parmesan which was too salty and definitely over priced. They didn't serve it with anything which was disappointing for the price. I asked for the dessert to go and confirmed that they were packing the strawberry shortcake but I ended up with the cheesecake.  Cheesecake was good but the cherries was sour.  Aside from the food, the music was fun and I liked the decor.  The waiters were friendly.
Restaurant review..... . Gorgeous decor & delish food. When I come to Vegas I love a restaurant that you get to dress up for and have a great date night out. This place is fantastic if you Re ready for dinner and party immediately after. I went in hopes of a more romantic dinner but this music in the places EXTREMLY loud and apparently a dj comes in at 9:30 to play in the restaurant. So if your in the mood for a nice expensive dinner and a party come here! If your looking for a romantic dinner with superb service, skip this place. Our waitress was uninterested and more attentive to her larger tales, just rude (that's why the 3 stars)
Went to dinner first. Our apps were good but it took along time for our entrees to come out only to be cold. Asked our waiter to replace our food and could tell he was a bit flustered and frustrated because he was double sat. When our food finally came back out it was luke warm but not cold this time. Manager apologized for cold food and made the excuse that they werent expecting to be busy. Not sure how thats . ok but whatever. They comped our apps so we compromised. Couldve ceen a better experience but we will try again another day to see if it gets better..  Now the night club was another story. We got a table with bottle service and what this consists of is a couch with a small table roped off by the dance floor. Ur cramped and theres not alot of space so honestly i didnt find it worth it. People kept trying to sit down at our area if we got up to dance and it was very annoying... Bouncers didnt stop anyone from doing this either and asking them was like asking them for a million dollars... It wasnt happening....
Ehh it was overpriced and average food. Could have made a better pasta myself. I have no problem with over priced if the food is one of a kinda and best thing ever, this wasn't the case.
did not eat here, but i did get drunk here.. . this place was...really what the stars say, a-ok. LOL. . it was kinda dirty? LOL like so many spills and thats not their fault but the way it was handled is. i saw so many that it should be taken in mind maybe its the way the place is designed that cause this vip section to have so many spills? theres too many bouncers, they made me feel uncomfortable. but this place was poppin none the less. the hosts all host at all tables they just move down the line and im not sure how i feel about that. but i guess it worked out that night. i saw a few check on the oj cranberry and water and then never to be seen with a refill...soooo are you doing your job? LOL. idk it was fun but it could of been better, i guess i expected more.
Review is for the nightclub portion only.. . I was here for Dash Berlin on a tuesday night, got guestlist from dash berlin world.  Went to the front, mentioned that I was on guestlist to about 3 or 4 people, and sent to a line that I thought was for guestlist.  Got to front of line, ID was checked, and sent inside where the lady said I needed a handstamp, or it will cost $20 each for cover.  Uhh, what?She mentioned I had to go back to the front, which I did, and of course they sent me back to the cashier, where I again mentioned I'm on the guestlist.  Apparently the fact that I had won a contest on DashBerlinWorld made things confusing for them.  Fortunately DB world had given me a printout that I was able to show them.. . This is Vegas, things really shouldn't be confusing - you have a line for guestlist, a line for GA, and a line for Bottle service.  The guestlist line should have a bouncer with a clipboard and he should be checking off names while verifying ID.  . . Sound was good, club was definitely on the small side, drinks moderately priced at $13 for a well mixed.  Secondary bar near the bathrooms were helpful and didn't have too long of a line.  . . Solid 3.5 stars, rounded down due to the guestlist circlejerk.
I came here last Friday for dinner (see Public House review).  I'm Local, and this was my 2nd visit in 5 yrs or so.. ATMOSPHERE- Just the way I like, dark, rich and great decor.  We were 'walk-ins' around 7pm or so.  Hostess did not 'insult' when we said we did not have reservations. We were seated at at 2-top in about 10-15 min. No bad. But 2-top so close to next 2-top we almost had "dinner guests". We had a glass candle holder-nice, two glasses of water along with salt/pepper...I asked the waitress "where are we going to put our plates, and salads on this tiny table?"  Note to self: NEVER AGAIN.. FOOD- (my guy and I usually share because we don't like to take food home). I told our waitress we planned to share and would need extra plates.  She was very kind and upbeat.  We enjoyed the garlic bread with marinara sauce --complimentary.. Our order: wedge salad, eggplant appetizer and of course one of their famous  'Meat Balls'  ($22), we both had a glass of ZIN.  What a pleasant surprise- the waitress had our salad divided BEFORE serving.  This was the largest wedge salad I have ever seen.  I am sure the price was high, I don't remember- but I was impressed... And the taste was also great.  Here came the 'meatball' (we ordered the one with Ricotta on top and it looked like a mtn of whipped cream)  YUMMM IS ALL I CAN SAY! and this 'ball' is big enough to share with 4 if needed.   Now to the eggplant, our waitress said it was her 'favorite', but 'heavy'.  She explained the eggplant is sliced lengthwise in very,very thin sheets and layered like lasagna.  This was delicious, but a meal for 2 hungry or 4 to taste and enjoy--yes very filling and I had to take home and gave to my daughter.  So, with that said, the salad and meatball would be perfect for two.. SERVICE- great.. NOISE- NOISE and, oh I almost forgot-NOISE- This place was the loudest with yelling people trying to talk over each other that I've been in for longer than I can remember.  The music in background, OK, the yelling, crazy.  Our 'almost dinner guest' next to us actually screamed to get some friends passing by to see them- this scream right into my ear, I actually jumped.  The friends then huddled around our teenie table and one actually used my guy's chair back to lean on all during their over 5 minute visit.  Yep they were going to 'Old town' and yep they would meet up later and yep they reviewed their food YA-DA-YA-DA. This, not the fault of LAVO, just rude people.. PRICE- "Vegas Gourmet"...you got it... $$$   That's a mea-ta-ball!
Had a nice dinner on 12/9/13.  Started off with two creat, strong cocktails, perfect.  Everyone was ver nice, young , and very attractive in their role appropriate uniform. . . Nice crowd, busy but not packed. Food was delivered at a swift efficient pace.. . Now, to food quality, downhill.  Ceasar salad brown lettuce, otherwise good, cool, great dressing, flakes of parmesan.  Sea bass, old, dry, smelly, not at all appetizing. The veal parmisinio was overcoaked, but delivered with melted cheese and good marinara sauce.. . We were planning to retun during our stay, but now will probably not retun due to poor kitchen execution.
This is only for the nightclub, not the restaurant or brunch.. . Still a tiny club but it is super convenient when you are staying at the Palazzo and all your girl friends arrive to Vegas around 10:30pm.  We were able to have some chill time in the room and make it down to Lavo at 1:30am and get in for free.  This was really fun for us since we weren't expecting much to do at that hour anyway.  . . All the girls got in free and the club was dead inside but that didn't stop us from having fun with the 20-30 other ppl still in there.  It was mostly hip-hop and other random songs at that point of the night.  The bouncers wanted us to dance on the ledge behind the DJ which was fun.  We all got free Ciroc and cranberry using our hotel coupons that we got at the front desk when checking in.  Each booklet has a coupon for free entry and drinks for up to 4 people.  Sweet!. . After we left Lavo they told us to walk to Tao and get in with our Lavo stamp.  So that we did!  Haha.  Fun night, no stress.  I wouldn't come here as my main Vegas club event, but it was an easy late Friday night out activity.  . . I NEED TO TRY LAVO PARTY BRUNCH THOUGH!!!!!  I bet that would be fun.  I miss day clubs so much.
On first meeting, our waiter thought we were rubes. (Not sure why, since we were dressed well.) I politely nodded through the explanation of the menu (appetizers on the left, pizzas in the middle, entrees on the right) and we promptly ordered a bunch of small plates, sides, and 70-year-old tequila.. . Waiter's demeanor changed immediately.. . Despite having a sad, stale excuse for a garlic bread service, Lavo was decent. I loved the dark, contemporary atmosphere. The food was good, but not fantastic. Our offerings were sequenced and spaced nicely. . . My favorite dish was actually the haricot verts with pine nuts, which were blanched, shocked, and sauteed in an obscene amount of garlic and butter, giving them a fiesty texture. The assertive, nutty vinaigrette with the tuna tartare took a close second, but the dish had far too much avocado to call it a true win.. . In all, we left satisfied, but bemused.. . Don't underestimate your customers. We have as much of an opportunity to surprise you as you do to surprise us.
Really nice venue, with a great huge bar. Having been to the original in midtown NYC this is nothing like it. The food isn't quite as good as NYC, but it's still decent for sure. We tried a slew of share-able foods. The service was excellent at the bar and at our table. The waitresses are all hotties, which is never a bad thing.. . Food reviews from best to worst:. . Kobe rice balls were by far the best thing we tasted, we ordered a second plate of them they were so good.. . Kobe Meatball is excellent and huge, great meat texture.. . Burrata salad was a special and was done nicely, but not as great as other spots nearby (such as B&B). . . Eggplant parm was decent, not enough sauce, and too heavy/oily.. . Skipped Scallops and the calamari, since I'm allergic.
This review is for the CHAMPAGNE BRUNCH. Lavo Champagne Brunch runs every Saturday during non-pool season from 2-6pm. It takes place inside the restaurant, not the nightclub. I am not sure what the cover charge is, but our promoter for Marquee was also working as a promoter for the brunch and she got us in right away with no cover and no waiting in line. So be sure to look into that option first. We arrived at 3pm and it was a little weird because people were just eating at tables and there was a dj spinning and gogo dancers. There is a minum purchase for a table with food and/or drinks, just like at the nightclubs. Once it became about 3:30 or 4, the place went full on nightclub status. The lights were turned down, the music was turned up, and everyone was dancing and waving light sticks. . . Drinks: Pricey but on par with Vegas prices. Most drinks were $13, even a glass of champage. . . Attire: Guys should dress dressy casual. Girls can wear anything but most girls wore short dresses that are slightly less dressy than the ones you would wear to a nightclub. . . Overall, Lavo Champagne Brunch is a fun place to get daydrunk and preparty for the nightclubs.
