Talk about luxury ....this hotel set the standard. The rooms are just beautiful....HUGE ....bathroom is an oasis ....three tvs in the suite....clean ...just overall a nice hotel that makes you want to stay in it. The cleaning staff was very attentive and professional. I found the maze between the hotel, casino, venetian a bit nerve wrecking at first....IT took me a while to figure out HOW to get outta the hotel. The rooms are stocked with everything you could need in terms of liquor and spirits however they'll get you with the sky rocketing price....ooh yes and the frig is weighted so if you pick up a bottle of vodka to look at it and its not returned within a few seconds, it triggers teh front desk to charge ya....They also enticed you with snacks, candy etc. which ran about$7 to 9 bucks....we're not talking about the movie theatre size ....must smaller than that. I ate at a few places in the hotel....DelMonico's and so burger joint....food was not worthy of the price. Though I accompanied my teenage kids to the gym, they were not allowed to use it due to a 18 yrs or older policy ....found this foul considering they were paying patrons of the hotel. Would I stay here again....its possible considering the great deal we got on the rooms and the enormous hotel room size.
Extravagant hotel and casino that is connected to the Venetian.  Great high-end shopping; has all the major designers you can think of.  Nice casino, but the craps tables were not as nice as the Bellag.  Plus one of the craps dealers (?) was not very friendly and looked extremely depressed.  Kind of a let down when you are trying to have a good time.  Come here for the high end shopping after you've won a lot of Benjamins.
The "sister" property to the Venetian, the Palazzo has many of the same amenities that you come to expect. . . All rooms are suites. . . large sprawling rooms with 3 flat screen TV's, a separate sunken living room with a sofa sectional (doubles as a sleeper), desk and table, and a bed with tons of pillows and comfy linens. . . My favorite feature? Don't laugh but they have motorized curtains that allow you to lay in bed and via remote control open the draperies and raise and lower the Roman shade. (yeah . . .sometimes it's the little things!) . . Room service is expensive (what isn't in Vegas?) and when they have a large group in the hotel- wait times can be over an hour and a half so plan accordingly. On three of the mornings I was here- the wait time was over an hour and the woman on the phone actually tried to talk me out of ordering . . . .and that wait was for cold cereal and a pot of coffee . . nothing even needed to be cooked! . . I know the goal of every hotel is to get you out of the room and into the casino but my wish was to have some basic amenities included. A coffee pot would have been nice so that I didn't have to pay $26 for a pot each morning or get my bed weary body up and down in the casino to wait in line for a cup of "joe". Also-they charge $12.95 for Internet which also makes me nuts. . . Finally- I don't know if it was just "off season" or what- but service at the pool area is pretty non existent. Only one of the 4 days I was there was I able to find a server.   And just when I was settling in- the server came by to tell me it was "lastcall". At 4pm? I get that they wanted to close the pool- but there were plenty of people out there worthy of keeping the pool open at least until the sun went down. . . The room rates are on par with other nice hotel in Vegas- (we had a group rate of around $188 but the normal price is usually around $250). Check your reservation before going so that you know which Tower your room is in (Venetian or Palazzo) for if you check in at the wrong Tower- you will have quite the hike to get to your room. . . Hotels, for me, are all about the level of service you receive. The Palazzo, does okay as it is certainly functional- but the beauty of the hotel sets you up for a bit of a let down. After all- how could some place that look so nice, stumble in so many basic service areas?
The rooms are well covered here.  The bathrooms are large as well with showers that dribble water - all expected. . . The big issue here for me was room service - 90 min waits were the norm - and trays - and I do  mean lots of trays - stack up in the hall ways - Saturday morning trays were not taken away until Sunday morning.  . . Front desk is quick - . . Paid top dollar for no view rooms......  . . Several other properties I'll try next at the City Center.
First off I'll start with the suite that we stayed in, which was the Luxury suite. The suite was really nice and large. There were three different TV's as well. One that was located in front of the bed, one in the lower living room area, and one that was in the bathroom as well. The room came with one King sized bed, a couch (with a pull out bed), a desk, and a table. Overall, there was plenty of room with four people staying in the room. . . The bathroom was really nice and there is an area where you can sit and get ready, and there also twin sinks. Inside the bathroom there is also a shower and a bathtub. Inside the bathroom there is another door which leads to the toilet, so it's separated from everything. One thing about the bathroom though is that there are no locks. There are no locks on the door to toilet bathroom door, as well as the door that opens up to the bathroom. One of the bad things about the bathroom is that there is no separate from the shower/bathtub and the sinks. So if someone is showering you can't go in and use the sinks or the toilet.. The overall ambiance of the casino and hotel was very nice though. The room and casino were clean and bright. There are beautiful butterfly and flower arrangements when you enter the hotel. The hotel also consists of very large ceilings which adds to the appeal. The hotels is also very conveniently located in the strip. There is a Walgreens right outside the Palazzo, and there is a shopping area right across the street with an ample amount of stores. Many other hotels are also within walking distance for those who watch to explore the strip.. . While at our stay we stopped by the pool. The Palazzo consists of three different pools, and you also have access to the swimming pools at the Venetian. While at the pool you have a view of the hotel building, and the Wynn hotel. There is also a swimming pool that is more kid friendly, which is a little more noisy, and a adult pool which is more calm and quiet.. . There were many personal aspects of the hotel that turned me off. . . The first being an incident that my friend had with the bell hop where the taxis drop passengers off. My friends and I were simply just trying to figure out how to get to the sidewalk, so we could walk on the strip. We then proceeded to ask the bell hop worker. His very first reply to my friend was asking where she was from. My friend kept responding to him. It turns out what the bell hop was really inquiring about was the ethnicity of my friend. Then comes the worst part which was both creepy and racist in my opinion. He flat out told us he was really attracted to people of my friend's ethnicity, and that he is particularly looking for someone of that ethnicity and wanted to bring someone over here so that he could marry them. While all of this is happening, I'm thinking, "shouldn't this guy just simply do his job, and tell us how to get to the sidewalk?" At this point my friends and I were all really uncomfortable.The bell hop then had the nerves to say, "you all must think that I'm creepy now". Finally he decides to tell us how to get to the sidewalk. This was a really appalling incident. This worker should have a better behavior and conduct when approaching customers of the hotel. To make matters worse when we returned to the hotel via taxi, we saw the man again. This time we weren't going to waste our time on him, so we instantly went into the hotel when we got out. However, as we were leaving the bell hop had to make a comment. He said, "aren't you ladies the one that I saw earlier, why do you all look so sober, and where is your friend that I saw earlier". It's one thing to make his comment the first time, but SERIOUSLY to do it TWICE! It's just completely unnecessary.. . The second incident happened with a cocktail waitress while I was gambling in the casino of the Palazzo. I was playing on the slot machine with my friend when the cocktail waitress asked for our drinks. As she was walking away I told my friend that I would put a dollar in the machine that I was playing with to see how things went. At this point my friend and I have already been playing a fair amount of money of the machines. The cocktail waitress came back with a really rude attitude and and said that if I was only playing a dollar then I wouldn't be able to get my drink, because it's a 25 dollar minimum. I understand that she had to make sure because it's her job, but she could have been a little nicer about it.. . The third thing is that it took about 12 hour total until we got the extra towels that we called in for. We called about 4-5 times for extra towels, but we didn't get them till about 2:30 a.m. after waiting 45 minutes for them to come. . . Overall, the Palazzo is a nice hotel in terms of the amenities, ambiance, cleanliness, and quality of their rooms. However, there are certain aspects of my stay that I didn't enjoy at all. I would come back to stay, but I am also curious to explore other hotels in Vegas.
Being a 20-something year old club frequenter, checking in at 6PM is not too shabby of an idea, NO LINES. The person who took care of us at the front desk was extremely nice and made sure we got the room that we requested. I booked my room through American Express Travel and they offered a Complimentary Venezia Bella Suite upgrade upon booking the room, so I took advantage of that. Unfortunately, the front desk told me that I had reserved a regular suite with ONE king bed. I was almost fearful that we had to cram ten people into a smaller suite than anticipated. Fortunately, I explained the situation with the front desk and he gladly gave us the room I requested.. . Security are always present at the elevator entrances. 43rd floor, baby! We pretty much overlooked the TI Sirens show and Treasure Island itself. Amazing view. . . The room is a little bit run down. Coaches are weathered and some of our mirrors were missing decorations. The L-shaped couch fold out in the sunken living room was a twin size. Two-queen beds, really comfy. You can fit either two large men or three tiny girls into each bed. Three tvs located in: the bedroom, sunken living room and bathroom. Separate toilet. Dual sinks. Shower. Tub. . . Grand Lux Cafe is only open until 2 or 3AM depending on days, but the one at the Venetian is open 24hrs. However, no fried pickles at 3AM ):. . Another upside, they have plenty of pools since they are also connected to the Venetian. I believe you get access to both since their sister hotels. So applies to the nightlife, Lavo at the Palazzo and TAO at the Venetian.. . Overall, beautiful hotel, but I was a little let down considering I have wanted to stay here for a long time. Might I suggest Planet Hollywood Towers?
It's one of the nicer hotel on the strip.  But I have to take off one star for the following reasons:. . 1) I asked my room not to be cleaned but they did so anyway when I came back.  That's fine but the next morning, housekeeping knocked on my door at 9:30am and immediately try to come in before I even got a chance to say there's someone here.  they didn't provide me with one of those "do not disturb" sign to hang on my door but at least they should've checked if someone is in the room before busting in!. . 2) Wi-Fi is included with the extra $17 resort fee they stick you with but won't know about until you check in.  However, they don't tell you that you get wi-fi with your resort fee and there's no explanation anywhere telling you how to get on the internet through their wi-fi.  When you log into their wi-fi, all it states is that it cost $12.95 a day.  You have to make another call to front desk and learn how to get on their wi-fi and to confirm that it is included with the resort fee.. . 3) They tried to charge me $6.00 for the mini bar because their sensor in the fridge said I took something out.  All I did was put a bottle water of mine in the fridge to get it cold.  I didn't take out anything in the fridge.  Why don't they physically check the mini bar before charging someone???  That's how they do it in most hotels.. . All in all, I'd consider staying here again but with so many options in Vegas, I could go somewhere else.  I never had so many hassles with any other Vegas hotels I stayed in than with this one.  There's also some wear and tear around the room so not sure how they got that AAA Diamond award since I thought to get that, you'd have to be PERFECT!
Classy casino and hotel. I did not stay here, but I played a little bit at the casino while I was waiting for the Blue Man Group show I was attending nearby.. . It is a little hard to tell the Palazzo and Venetian apart as they are connected to one another. The casino floor is pretty typical compared with the other ones I visited. The shopping complex is pretty large. The second time I visited Palazzo, I got lost trying to find the exit back on to Las Vegas Boulevard.. . I think this property is great, but the many signs, lights and massiveness of the complex can be a bit of challenge to maneuver through. It feels like you can't help but get lost here.
I'm a hard grader.  The Palazzo rooms are excellent, and the desk folks were very accomodating of my request to get a room that faced the TI show.  Of course, that also allowed me to see down to Caesars, too!. . However, the casino is small and the machines are pretty tight compared to other casinos.  Come here to stay, and play elsewhere - cross the street to eat cheaper @Fashion Mall.  The Venetian isn't as good to stay at as the Palazzo, and they are connected so you can spend time there if you really want to.. . The Spa is totally okay.  Not nearly as good as the ones in hawaii I've passed by on the way to the gym, but good enough for Vegas.
Magnificent in theory.....Hubby and I just returned from our stay at the Palazzo Upon checking in I tried the $20 "free upgrade request tip" and it worked like a charm. I'm sure the fact it was my birthday didn't hurt our chances either. Sweet clerk upgraded us to a high floor with a strip view directly across from Treasure Island so money well spent.. It's absolutely beautiful,. opulent in fact, each room is a "suite" with a sunken living room in addition to a awesome bathroom with separate shower and HUGE tub. Typical upscale Vegas accommodations really. Service on the other hand sucked for lack of better word. We arrived Sunday and didn't get our room serviced until Tuesday after I called down to the front to complain. What pissed me off though was on Monday around 4pm I saw whom I assumed was some sort of housekeeping supervisor per her uniform and "attitude" walking past our room after I stuck my head out of our room to ask when we'd get fresh towels, etc. I was polite and asked her if she could tell me when we'd expect to see housekeeping and Miss-Thing didn't even make eye contact with me nor slow down when she replied "I really don't know". The hotel seems to be short staffed by what we could see and overall seemed to be the common attitude of so many of their staff. Snooty and irritated to be asked to help. Restaurants were good but expensive (will write separate reviews on Lavo, I Love Burgers Grand Lux Cafe, Del Toro and Dos Caminos), weather was unseasonably chilly so we didn't get to use the pool much but it was beautiful. AND they charge you an extra $19 per day for some BS "resort fee" for their Internet and workout room access regardless of whether you'd use it or not which we didn't (sorry I don't schlep a laptop with me on vacation and the only workout I get while on vacation is my right arm lifting a martini glass!) We usually come back from LV with a little in our pockets, not at the Palazzo. Hubby swears casino's can control how tight and loose their machines are and I believe that after this last visit. Slots were TIGHT but I guess while they're called a "one armed bandit"? Also, very smoky in the casino. We've been to most of the hotels on the strip in our visits to LV but I'm not sure that we'd stay here again due to the overall a-hole attitudes of many of the staff. So many other great choices in Vegas!
I am pretty shocked by my experience here.  I know lots of people who stay the Palazzo and The Venetian, so I assumed it was a pretty good hotel right?. . I came here for a bachelorette party.  We had two connected Bella Suites.  Initially, it started out fine.  They took our luggage and said they would bring it up.  We were upgraded to a strip view for free.  We went upstairs the rooms were big and very nice.  They have an extra vanity in the mirror and we faced Treasure Island.  . . Then we waited for our luggage. And waited.  My friend asked if she could use my iPhone charger.  "It's in my luggage. Where is our luggage?!"  I wanted to take a nap and more importantly, I needed my medicine.  It took about 45 minutes for our luggage to arrive.. . Concierge was a hopeless line.  After calling twice and being put on hold for a good 5-10 minutes, I gave up.  I realized even if I reached them, I didn't trust them to change my reservation.. . Oh yeah, I did try to change my dinner reservation myself but the service here was so bad.  I never could get the navigation thing to work even though it worked in other hotels.  If you have AT&T, this is not the hotel for you.. . We called for hangers.  It took about an hour. Also the wallpaper was peeling in our bathroom.  Ok, it didn't ruin my trip, but I really wondered why housekeeping never did anything about it.  . . When I told my boyfriend later, he responded: "they don't care" and I really think that was the theme.  They don't really care abouttheir guests.. . The pool was nice enough.  I've reviewed Lavo as a club before. The casino and hotel overall is small. The location is good and I like the Shops at Palazzo.  (The sales associates were all really nice except at Christian Louboutin where they wouldn't give us the time of day.) . . I liked the walkway to the Wynn because um...the Wynn/Encore is far superior to this place. . . I stayed at Encore last year and the service is much better and I like the decor much more.  The colors in Encore are nice, they have better clubs and the Wynn buffet is nearby.  They have doorbells and put your name on your phone and card.  They have better carpet and it just feels newer and more well-maintained.. . You might think I'm nitpicking here.  I still gave this place 3 stars, but look...those rooms were not cheap.  This is a 5 star hotel and there are far superior 5 star hotels less than a mile away. Unless, I needed a lot of space, why would I come back when I could be at the Wynn, Encore, THE Hotel at Mandalay Bay, The Cosmopolitan etc instead? (Skipping The Venetian seeing that its the same company and whatnot.)
I have been to Vegas at least once a year for the past four years, and have always stayed at the Venetian. I booked the Palazzo this weekend (6/18-6/20) for a bachelorette party and I was pretty excited to stay somewhere "new" (kinda, since Venetian and Palazzo are pretty much the same). Anyhow, I figured that since I'd never had a bad experience at Venetian, it would be the same for Palazzo. Surprise, surprise, I was wrong!. . - I arrived around 12:00pm to see if we could check in early. They said they didn't have any clean suites available, and that they would call me when the room was ready. Ok, fine, no big deal-- I grabbed some lunch with my friends and we went to the mall to kill time. I called at 2:30pm to see if by chance the room was ready. They told me no, and that it would be ready at 3:00pm. 3:30 rolls around and still no call. 4:00 rolls around, STILL no call. At this point I am irritated since check-in is technically at 3:00, so I get in line to ask about what's going on. Two other people behind me are in line for the same issue. Finally, I got to the front of the line and they apologize for being so busy, blah blah. However they were friendly and upgraded our room to a suite w/ a strip view on the 19th floor. . . - When we got the room, however, the housekeeping staff hadn't done a very good job cleaning the room. There were still stains on the counters AND they left a pair of the previous guests' dirty flip flops ON THE DRESSER! WTF?!. . - Since we couldn't check in early, we left our bags with the bell hop staff. I called the concierge desk to have our bags taken up to our room--they quoted 15 minutes. Awesome, that would give us time to freshen up before dinner. NOT! It took them a good 45 minutes at the very least to get the bags to us and it ruined our timing for dinner. Ughhh, so irritated!!. . I later discovered that there were some events going on (Miss USA, daytime Emmy Awards, poker tournament, yadda yadda), but still that's no excuse for the service. I was very surprised. . . Anyways, some pros about the hotel: huge suites, awesome pool, great centralized location. . . Next time I think I'll pass on the Palazzo!
We stayed at The Palazzo (which is the sister hotel to Venetian) for my girls bachelorette weekend. We had a comp room which was pretty big for 5 girls. It consisted of 2 queen beds, a sofa bed, some tables, vanity mirror, and a view to the pool. . . I didn't really dig the layout of the Hotel since it was a maze to get in and out! I felt like I was always lost and asking the workers for directions. Not really fun when you are rolling into the hotel after a night at the club! If you go to their pool, its as if you at the bottom of a box! . . In the end, it makes sense that the theme of the hotel is "Italy", but I would prefer more open space!
Large and comfortable room, really a suite.   We had good beds, and a sunken living room with L couches and room to hang, which surprisingly we took advantage of.  No real  complaints except minor ones.  View over expanse of roof and parking wasn't great but not sure they could do much about that.  You can't touch the mini fridge to even store a leftover sandwich or a glass of water since a computer tracks weight or something, so we got a $3 foam cooler at the nearby Walgreens to hold drinks and leftovers. (The Walgreens is huge and has about anything you could need, from the usual drug store items to snacks, coffee, tshirts, flip flops, wine and alcohol.  Plan to visit soon after check-in!).  I like my coffee before venturing out so my biggest complaint is that there was no coffee maker in the room, though there is a coffee shop at the base of the elevators.
The hotel and rooms are nice, but they need to improve on the ventilation system for the casino.  The smell of smoke was unbearable.  Other casinos appear to have a much better handle on this problem.
The Palazzo had a kind of mystique for me, given that it was one of the few hotels I've never stayed at along the strip. After staying there, I don't think it's as classy as the various Steve Wynn's hotels along the strip, but it's a decent place to stay.     . . PROS:. -Room was large and spacious.  Three TVs was definitely a score. However, if you're going to stay here thinking that you will be crammed 5+ people to a room and splitting the costs, you are better off just getting two regular rooms at another hotel. . -The sofabed is not that comfortable.. -Decent location on the strip.  Relatively close to the Fashion Show mall and walking distance to the Wynn.  . -Front desk is pretty professional and nice. We got in early and after some persuasion, we were able to check in at 6am for the NEXT NIGHT and got a pool view room even without the 20 dollar trick.  . . CONS:  . -Minor thing - toiletries were weird.  I was recovering from a sunburn and right after I showered with the provided soaps I started peeling. . -Potentially rowdy guests.  Every room here is a suite so it seems that many parties are comprised of fellow under-30's crammed into a room. In our case, that meant we were sleeping next to the worst party school rejects ever - they were blasting Rihanna and top 40 hip hop at 6am and hollering WOOO!! (how douchey can one be???). We had to call security, which took a half hour to knock on their doors.  . -The workers seem weird and disgruntled. I audibly heard the maids talking about "jovenes Chinos" when they tried in vain to clean our rooms though we were still in bed. . -The pool is entirely too crowded.  We could not get a seat on Saturday afternoon.  . -The security situation is a little bit draconian. They are serious about checking IDs at the elevators and the pools.  A friend had a terrible experience getting locked out without a key while I was sleeping and it took dozens of calls to wake me up - they were completely obstinate about letting him up.. . Bottom line, Palazzo is a pretty well-furnished and nice hotel, but doesn't really nail the small details like some of the better places in Vegas.
Firstly. It's a very nice hotel. Great ammenities, and a place you can find good dining, great clubs, good gambling, pools, and good location. I was impressed with the thoughtfulness of it's design.. . Unfortunately, I have to knock it down a bit for service. The counterperson at check-in was not very friendly and was happy to add disdain in her "yes, they are" answer tone when I asked the question about separate resort fees and the priceline reservation (an arrangement I easily understand, but am dissappointed by priceline's lack of obvious disclosure and this person's joy in my dissappointment.). . We also made the mistake of asking a bellman for a higher-end gentlemen's club referral, and  were confidently ushered by limo to Crazy Horse 3. A laughable venue and costly experience ensued.  . . Further, I'm having to contest duplicate charges to my credit card. All in all, too many headaches to be considered a true high-end resort.
I have a love-hate relationship with the Palazzo. I love it because it is oh-so-pretty and has some great restaurants. However, I hate it because I feel immense guilt every time I step foot in here. It and the Venetian are the only two non-union casinos on the Strip and the owner is a top public enemy in my line of work. So I'll venture in here from time to time to sample a restaurant, but refuse to do anything else so as to sleep better at night knowing I didn't somehow play a part in money going to the Tea Party. And I also have a love-hate relationship with the parking garage (I get confused so easily) and shops (so many things I can never afford) here. So it all evens out to 3 stars.
After about a month, I still feel mixed about my stay at The Palazzo.. . Pro:  The staff were all very polite.  . Con:  We needed the staff way more than we should have.  . . For example, we're checking in and asking to have rooms near our friends' rooms, if possible.  If they had said, no, sorry, there isn't anything available, that would have been okay.  A bummer, but not their fault as they have no idea that we are part of a party,  But they said, sure, let's see what we can do.  Our check-in person was literally saying out loud, "Oh, here's a room just down the hall, let me get that for you..." then she had to click seventy buttons just to find out "Oh, no, sorry, that room's gone to someone else."  While I realize they are checking in 30 people at once, you'd think they can work into the system that another agent is working on a room and not let others book the room while it's being offered to another guest.  This happened 3 times.  We were "upgraded" to a "Strip View" room for the delay, but I'd rather have checked in within 5 minutes than 30.  Then to later find out stuff in the room was broken.... . Pro:  The rooms were spacious and comfy.. Con:  Stuff was broken and wonky.. . We didn't really need or use the suite aspect of the room - others in our group wanted to share rooms but we prefer to have our own.  It's too big for two people for just a weekend.  But we stayed there since the rest of our group was.  The room was really big and the bed was comfy.  We didn't really need that much space - we don't go to Vegas to hang out in the room!  But it was comfy and the tee vee had more than 20 channels which was nice.  . . But weird stuff was broken and the lights were... this makes me sound stupid... confusing.  So about half of the electrical outlets didn't work, including 2 in the bathroom.  Which is difficult when you're a woman planning for a night out at Tao and need your styling aids.  And the hair dryer didn't work, which I discovered AFTER getting out of the shower - we had to wait 45 minutes for a replacement, which inconvenienced the prep for the aforementioned Tao outing.  . . There is a master light switch near the door which turns on all of the lights in the room.  That's fine.  But finding the light switches for individual lights was really difficult.  I ended up just unplugging the bedstand light because I literally could not find the switch.  Then the next night it was plugged back in by the housekeeping staff apparently, and I couldn't figure out how to turn it on!  . . As someone mentioned, the bathroom lights were weirdly dim, and the light in the toilet was maybe 30 watts.  . . Plus the toilet had no fan... it's a hotel.  It's close quarters.  No matter how much you love your spouse, you need a damn fan in a separated toilet.  Just sayin'.. . Pro:  The bars and restaurants were nice.. Con:  The clientele was... kinda dull.. . The Palazzo seems to have an "old" clientele.  And I don't mean old in age, I mean old in attitude.  I'm a pretty mellow person and don't really consider myself a partier, but it's Vegas, godammit!  I want to stay out late, I want to drink some drinks, I want to have a good time!  The Salute Lounge is a piano bar next to the Jersey Boys theater - it's not the best dueling pianos on the strip but it was fine... the audience was fricken lame.  They just sat there without singing along or yelling or cheering or anything.  Then they closed at 1 AM.  Seriously?  Luckily the cool cocktail waitress (again, good staff) suggested we head over to the Venetian where one of the bars had a fun cover band until 3:30 AM.  But everything at The Palazzo was dead after midnight, including the casino.  . . Beer:  Nothing too special on the casino floor/casino bars, but hooray for Iburgers which offered not only craft beer on draft, but also spiked and "very spiked" milkshakes.  We didn't get to try FIRST Food & Bar, but they have an extensive bottled beer list, if a dull tap selection.
Please read my review on the Venetian (first chose to stay at) and see why we ended up at the Palazzo. It's newer, cleaner, and definitely more modern. European modern is how I'd describe the rooms. The hotel is super clean with a beautiful fountain and waterfall inside... LAVO is AWESOME!!!... small but bangin club!... and good gaming (like any other casino).. . We had a suite (forgot the name) but it was around 1300 square feet. We were located on the 37th floor. The room was very nice. Double door entry, marble entryway, power room/mini bathroom, desk with fax/scanner/etc... super comfy couch with sofa sleeper, dining table, coffee table, TV and fancy stand, mini bar, huge separate bedroom with king size bed, another TV, a bunch of cute fancy chairs everywhere, shades that are remote controlled to go up and sideways, marble dresser, and a HUUUUUUUGE BATHROOM!!! I mean DAMN it was HUGE!!! Sinks on both sides, HUUUUUUGE jetted jacuzzi tub, stand up shower, and LCD TV screens next to each sink. It was NICE and 3949340439430340943032 better than the suite at the Venetian. . . STILL feel as if the BELLAGIO and the WYNN rooms/service are SUPERB compared to here... although they did do a good job with getting us settled and housekeeping was on it. BUT um no hair dryer?!?!?! Lame. If you're choosing between the Venetian or the Palazzo PLEASE stay at the Palazzo! . . Grand Lux Cafe and Lagasse Stadium... a bunch of other shops and restaurants. Nice place... no complaints, just not as good as the Bellagio or the Wynn.
It is a very nice hotel.  They have one of the smallest casino area so if your looking for more you can go next door to the Venetian or Cosmopolitan is good.. . Lots of food restaurants but very pricey.  I stayed in the Bella Suite and it is huge.  Lighting could be better.
I was not impressed. The staff would leave bags of soiled linens out in the hallway for hours at a time, the room service food was absolutely terrible and overpriced, and my bed was slept in so much that it had a curve in it that made me feel like I was going to spill out of it. I expected much, much more from an expensive hotel.
Avoid the Sportsbook. The Sportsbook is only open sometimes. If you want to make a bet, or collect on a bet you may have to go all the way to the Venetian sportsbook. A long walk.... Otherwise the hotel is beautiful. Great suites, good food.
Let me begin by saying that I will give this place credit for having a beautiful hotel and nice rooms.  However, I base this review on my most recent stay, which was greatly affected by poor and inefficient service.... . Everything was dandy until check out time... We give the bellhop desk a call about 10min prior to check out and end up waiting 45-55 minutes for someone to finally come up to the room.  I get that around check out, things can get busy, but you are a lovely, big arss hotel and have plenty of people on staff (I would think) to accommodate the number of guests you have on a Friday morning. . . Glad that we finally had someone to help with the luggage we picked up the car and gave the ticket to the bell desk at the front of the hotel, and proceeded to wait for our luggage for AN HOUR.  Finally after inquiring AGAIN about our luggage, they tell us we have to go to the other entrance of the hotel to pick up our luggage....how about you tell me that right after I GAVE YOU THE TICKET?  And hello customer service, why don't you send our luggage where we've been waiting for the past hour?  Thank you for wasting our time and having your ish together. . . So finally we drive to the other entrance, wait another 10min to get our stuff.  THANK GOD we didn't have plans to see a show or a flight to catch!  For such a nice hotel I am surprised at how they can have people there that operate this way.  I would be hesitant to stay there again just because of how frustrating and ridiculous that was. It's not like I took a flight across the country and had my luggage lost.... .  Why does it take over 2 hours to leave a hotel???. . Hotel: 4-5 stars. Service: 1-2. . HENCE: 3 stars. . Toodles.
Palazzo looked great outside, and I love anything Italian, but we were fairly disappointed when we saw our comped room. It was a Bella Suite, 2 beds and a nice living room. Very spacious for the 4 of us but the interior was rather plain.  Very brown/tan colored. The couches were super comfy at least. The view was terrible (overlooking top of buildings and random streets). Not much to Palazzo, i guess we can't complain much b/c we didnt pay for it. The toilet paper roll hook thingy kept falling off! I was getting frustrated every time I used the bathroom. Right across the street err, to the left of XS. We ended up going to Marquee but we had to drive there. . . Oh yeah, NO speaker system, so if you want to play music to pregame, there's no AUX cable or anything to request. But then again, this hotel is probably for the older crowd. NO WIFI UNLIKE COSMO
We booked 2 rooms at the Palazzo.  When we checked in they had given us a few coupons.  We had 2 coupons for 2 for one drinks at any bar.  We went to the piano bar before going to our dinner reservations.  Three of our drinks were so watered down.  One drink was not covered under coupon, which did not concern us.  This was the one that tasted perfect.  My question is why does the Palazzo give out coupons and not make sure the bar tender makes them correct? And our waitress was very snippy.   My husband took them back to the bartender and ordered new drinks and we paid for all.    This was our first drink of the evening to start our family evening.. Also the bathroom had torn wallpaper off the wall and the counters were not as clean.. We did not have any discount on these rooms, so we should have had the best treatment.
It's all about perspective: if this is your first time staying in Las Vegas or 1st time staying in one of the nicer hotels, you will think that the Palazzo is awesome.  Yes, you get the multiple flat screen televisions, decent beds, marble bathrooms.  On the other hand, if you have stayed at the Wynn or the Bellagio, you will be disappointed.  For a Girls' Weekend Getatway, 10 of us chose the Palazzo (prestige) because it offered all suites. We, of course, wanted to have a great time, common areas where we could all commune in (drink, dance, do makeovers, whatever).  The layout of the Bella suites is odd in that you walk into and through the bedroom to get to the living room. I've never seen that before. That wasn't a big deal though.  The two things that are hilarious / annoying is the technology.  Evidently, when the last Holiday inn closed down, the Palazzo ran their cheap asses down to the auction to buy all of that hotel's old crap.  The telephones in the room will qualify as antiques. No exaggeration (will post pics).  There is also a huge, 1980-style fax machine for your use. No huge deal--with a shot or two of tequila, they came a huge running joke. BUT--the big deal for us was that there is no place to plug in your Ipod.  I travel a lot. Even the basic hotels, now have an alarm clock that you can set your ipod on. They have a spot for you to play a CD --really? a cd? hell, why not an 8-track? It's 2012 folks at Palazzo. 30% of people Nationwide use ipods.That statistic is even greater when you just factor in people who take at least one vacation per year.  An ipod dock is a standard amenity that travelers have come to expect--particularly travelers who are possibly coming to party with friends.  To their credit, the Palazzo was nice enough to allow us to rent a huge boombox for $35 a day. So, on top of our $469 room, we had to add $35 a day to be able to listen to a little Rhianna while we got dressed to go dancing at night.  David, the manager with whom I spoke at the Palazzo thought that this was absolutely fair.  Really, David? Penny-wise, pound-foolish, my friend: we had 4 suites, 9 women who come to Vegas twice per year--better customer service could've meant repeat business. But hell--you got your $70.00. . . Remember, your first or second apartment, where you are just trying to 'make do?"  You take your parent's old tv from the basement, your older sister's old stereo system until you can save enough money to get some new stuff. That's how the Palazzo felt. The room was decent enough, the amenities, seemed as if during a budget meeting, some bigwig told the IT department that he had to 'make do."  So some poor middle manager was spent hours on ebay and at hotel auctions trying to 'make do.'  I, as a frequent visitor to Vegas will tell you that there are far better choices than the Palazzo.  There are many hotels that aren't trying to 'make do' and won't ask you to either.
Room. The room was very nice and spacious.  I never heard any noise from outside of my room and the ability to disconnect from the rest of Vegas was great.. . Service. In general, the service was average.  It didn't seem like any of the staff was interested in my return business, but I'm sure they can get worn out, so maybe I just caught them on a bad week.  Housekeeping was knocking on my door at 9AM both mornings, which was a bit early.. . Food. As is always the case with Vegas, everyting is overpriced and not really that good.  I ate a Lavo and the it was decent.  I wouldn't necessarily go there again, not because it was bad, but one experience was enough.. . General. For the price, I would stay at the Palazzo again, but I would try other hotels, especially the newer ones first.
We spent more money 3 nights in Vegas than we did 2 weeks in Hawaii.  Much of that went to the Palazzo and we didn't even gamble all that much.. . It's a beautiful hotel - in the middle of the action.  Our room was spacious and the bed amazingly comfortable.  Unfortunately, I had no AT&T reception in the room.. . I wiped out on a slippery floor in the lobby ... which was terrible considering I had a sprained ACL at the time.  . . Hung out at the cabana which had way too many children in the pool .... but what a great place to people watch.
Did not stay here, but during the convention I was attending, two MFR's had their parties at the LVAO club inside Palazzo! Trendy bar,..not the Best in Vegas by far,..but the food was good and the drinks were strong. the bartender did make it clear without strong tips you werent going to get much help from him...TRUE DAT!. The place converts from a trendy lounge to a hoppin night club at some point each night. It was packed!
Hotel (Bella Suite 3/5). . The room/bathroom are all very nice in terms of both comfort and ascetics which is to be expected for a hotel in palazzo's price range. However, some very small things were lacking and I expect perfection when I'm not staying at budget accommodations. There is no door bell...which means in the morning around 9-10am, you are greeted with loud nonstop banging on the doors of your neighbors from the housekeepers. Yeah this is very unpleasant especially considering this is vegas and the chances of people sleeping in are very high. Another thing, there is no free music on the TV...you have to pay $15-20. Encore has both of these things. . . Casino (1/5). . I recommend staying far away from the casino. I had a rather unpleasant experience and I will never go back. First off, if you are trying to buy into a table, the dealer should either be asking observers to move over and give you a spot or at least back you up when you ask them to move. My dealer did none of these so I had to deal with having a player's irritating girl friend give me dirty looks the whole time I'm at the table because I had asked her to move. I think when you're in vegas, you expect to lose money but at least you have fun doing it. Well thanks to her, the fun was ruined for everyone at the table. You know how usually the dealer tries to call out good cards for you? Well she tried to call out good cards for the dealer to beat my hands and what did the dealer do? NOTHING. And when I requested to change out some of my $25 chips, the dealer scoffed and reluctantly gave them to me. And when she needed more red chips, instead of politely asking me for some change, she asked the pit boss to come over and talk to me. Are you serious? What an unprofessional casino. And to top it all off, this is while I'm down over 1k. I've been down a lot of money before and it never bothers me because this is what gambling is all about but this kind of behavior is just plain unacceptable. After cashing out, the pit boss had the gall to ask me to tip the dealer...no way. . . Restaurant (Grand Luxe 2/5). . I went to the restaurant with a group of seven. For the whole night, the service was extremely slow. It took our server forever to take our order, for the food to arrive, and for the bill to come. And the whole time, he never asked us how we were doing. I can understand this kind of behavior given if it was really busy but I could see him lounging at other smaller tables giving them all his attention because he already has our automatic gratuity. This is totally unacceptable so we all paid about half the gratuity and left. He chased us down and I told him that I wasn't satisfied with the service so I did not pay the full gratuity. I feel like tip is a privilege and not a right. He said he would deduct the remaining gratuity but he was not apologetic in the slightest bur rather angry. I'm very disappointed with Grand Luxe. . . As for the food, it was actually pretty good and I would give it 4/5.
Casino management was nice enough to give me a personal call to apologize. He also comped my stay for the first night. It's nice that they still take time to address complaints. I'll probably be open to staying again at their hotel at least.
We got a great deal for the suite, so overall it was a pleasant enough experience. It's a nice hotel, but don't buy into their sell of it being a "5 star resort".  Not sure when/if vegas hotels stopped having coffee machines in the rooms, but c'mon guys...no coffee machines but 3 tvs AND a digital bathroom scale?  . . The maid service took so long to get to our rooms to clean them the second day that when they finally arrived at around 10pm (after coming into the room at 4pm to say they were coming back at 5 to clean, then having us call them at 6 to arrange for them to come at 7:30) we didn't bother asking them to make the beds.. . The bathroom amenities were okay - I liked the sewing kit and nail file, but the quality of the bath soaps, shampoos, etc was not that great.  Also the bathtub upon inspection appeared to have little black hairs (like really little (ie from shaving) nothing overly disgusting) along the edges...making me wonder if it was really cleaned thoroughly.
So in my last review, which was amazingly only 10 days, I raved about how great Palazzo is.  But tonight I really turned a corner.  I can deal with the annoying security stops in the parking lot.  But two bar incidents have me needing to downgrade this place to 3 stars.. . The first happened last week.  Earlier in the summer, I went into Palazzo and was thrilled to discover they comp Duvels at one of their casino bars.  Duvels are expensive, and delicious, so I tipped generously for this "free"drink while gambling.  So I came back last week, and not only did the bartender not comp me a Duvel, he told me "no bartender can comp Duvel."  Umm, yes, they can, because they did.  "No they didn't."  OK, I cashed out and went to another bar, and chalked it up to one dude having a bad day.. . So after tonight's Yelp event, I brought some out of town friends to one of Palazzo's bars.  I explained how getting free drinks while gambling works... how you have to put $20 in and bet $1.25 each hand.  He got it.  So I was gambling and got a Macallan 12, and he got whatever he was drinking.  Bartender change, and now I can't get Macallan anymore, and my friend had to put in another $20 because "you can't get free drinks all night on $20."  What?  I've lived in Las Vegas 7 years, and the only time I've gotten guff was from a disgruntled bartender or from the Wynn/Encore.. . Listen, if you're worried about your boss coming down on you, that's one thing.  But you're arbitrarily making up rules just to be a dick here.  Yes, there are cameras on all gaming areas, but no boss is yelling at you tomorrow because you comped a drink with $12 balance.  I tried to explain how if I was winning money at video poker that I would last a long time on $20, but the guy just didn't get it.. . Long story short, we both felt unwelcome, so we cashed out and brought our gaming and tipping elsewhere.  I'm really surprised that Palazzo is encouraging their bartenders to make their patrons feel this way, and I hope it stops IMMEDIATELY.
The Palazzo's parking lot is damn near the reason i hate going to the strip. After suppressing the urge to run over j-walking tourists i'm stopped at the entrance of the underground parking lot to be asked if i'm going to self park or valet park. Self parking is straight i'm told. Few seconds later i notice signs with arrows pointing out where self parking is and valet parking is...Wow way to create jobs there Palazzo.. . A seriously confusing parking lot. Pretty sure i drove around the same section three times before i started to ignore the signs promising additional parking. Ahh that's why they have guys standing outside in clothes they gotta beoppressively hot in telling people where to go.. . Eventually found parking in a secluded part of the back. If it weren't for the lighting i'm sure a number of shady deals could take place but it was well lit. . . Didn't see much of the Palazzo other than the parking lot and Lavo. If i do ever decide to come back for damn sure i'm not driving or parking here.
I would have given 4 or 5 stars to the hotel, but I dropped it to three stars because of the shuttle service. They were like, "yeah, no problem, leaves every hour, no reservations needed." it was 40 minutes late, people missed their flights, Palazzo staff did not help/ give updates so people could determine whether to catch a cab. Ridiculous. Plus, waiting 70 minutes in 100 degree heat in the sunshine!
I went here looking for a drunk friend... it's basically another version of the Venetian (or is it the same thing?). . Who knows. The staff wern't that friendly while I was there.
Stayed here for 6 nights for a conference then vacation.  The good: very nice interior design, feels very luxurious.  Lots of shopping and restaurants.  Huge room.  The bad: the AC/heater unit made this timer noise that turned on and off.  It woke me up few times.  Also charged for a drink from the fridge that I didn't consume.  It was reversed later.
Beautiful property! Rooms are spacious and well appointed. I would love to give it 5 stars but the screaming child in the adjacent room (place is booked so too bad for you) coupled with wifi outages drops it to a 3.
The spacious suites at the Palazzo are definitely enjoyable and my room did come with a nice view from the 34th floor. The sunken living room does give you a feeling that you have a separate space for work and relaxation. And the bathroom is bigger than most city studio apartments with two sinks, a separate room for the toilet, a standing showerand of course a luxurious roman tub. Let's be honest it's all about the tub! With is the perfect end to a day in Vegas regardless of if you are here for work (like I was) or play. . . But this is why I can't bring myself to give this hotel 5 stars. 1) the wine glasses in my room were dirty and my dirty I mean sticky and gross. I removed them from the stay and they were never replaced the whole week I was there. 2) That luxurious bathtub I was raving about, I actually had to clean it up a bit before I could use it as there was black stuff left in the tub. I used to supervise housekeepers and know more than anyone it's a tough job. But that's just not right. 3) The staff throughout the Palazzo didn't seem to know anything about the hotel. Nearly every time I would ask for directions they would not know where to direct me to. . . Overall it was a good experience but kinda disappointing in these other areas.The hotel facilities I'd give 4 stars, the rooms are nice (though starting to show some wear). However service here is a 2 in my book.
I stayed at Palazzo on 1-4-13 to 1-8-13.  . . The hotel was clean and pretty.  Checkins was fast and efficient where the staff was nice and friendly.  . The room was spacious but it need a little more work catching up to the Wynn & Encore.  It is not as clean as Wynn nor was the the staff was as friendly. Trust me, i would rather stayed at the Wynn any day  The decor and ambiance at Wynn is a lot better.
So disappointed! Went to Las Vegas over New Years, this was our first time staying at the Palazzo. The room was beautiful and large but the service was TERRIBLE! At prices higher than the Four Seasons, I expect a certain level of service. We paid less at the Ritz Carlton in NYC with fabulous service. It took an hour longer than predicted to get our luggage, making us late for our dinner reservation with a large group in the hotel, and it was difficult to get an answer on the phone at the main desk.  They were clearly overwhelmed by the number of guests over the holiday. Will just go to the Four Seasons next time.
Today, I was contacted by a manager from the Palazzo, who explained what happened with my room.  I was mistakenly given a room which should have been placed out of service due to problems (stains, unravelling upholstery, TV problems, etc.).  The contrite manager really wanted to deal with each issue, and listened to what I had to say.  Long story short, based on their willingness to acknowledge the problems I experienced and desire to correct things, I'm revising my review from two to three stars.  When I return, I'll re-visit this review and see if we add or subtract stars as appropriate.
This place is pretty awesome, walking distance from TAO since Palazzo is connected to the Venetian. We had the bella suite last time we were there, fit about 9 people in the room still spacious!. . OK, I may sound like a big baby. I don't understand why curtains open up by itself at 9AM. Worst awakening ever from a night of partying! -2 stars for that one. Worst of all we lost the remote for the rest of the trip. -____-. . I would reccomend everyone to stay here, it's nice. Just make sure not to lose the damn remote like we did.
My friends love staying at the Palazzo since we are Vegas frequenters, but I have stayed at better casinos. The decorations are beautiful and I like the fact that the casino has high ceilings so that it doesn't feel so claustraphobic when you are gambling. The room is spacious and nice with enough space to fit 6 medium sized girls. The beds are comfortable and my friends enjoy sleeping on the couch too.. . The hotel service takes awhile. It takes at least 20 minutes for the bell boy to arrive to the room and a long while for housekeeping to bring up extra towels. We tip as necessary, but the service takes their time here.. . The front lines to check into the hotel is pretty long, but is an average wait compared to most of the larger casinos on the strip.. . I feel that the Palazzo is pricey for what it is. I would shell out $75 more dollars a night to have a better stay at Cosmopolitan or Encore/Wynn.
Eh.  I'm still not impressed.. . On this visit- things were going so well until I got to my room.  And it wasn't ready.  In fact- the maids had just started cleaning it when I arrived.  They asked me to go back to the lobby and wait- but I wasn't about to schlep my luggage and my travel weary body all the way back there so I decided to sit and wait.. . I called the front desk and they did give me a $50 credit.  But I still sat for 40 minutes watching my room getting cleaned.. . And still no coffee in my room.  That will kill a hotel for me every time.. . If there is a bright side?  They did stop charging for the Internet.  So that's something, I guess . . . . .
Don't be fooled by the 3 stars...the room is nice, the location is nice, etc etc.  In fact, the rooms are amazing....huge huge room with a nice L-shaped couch for entertainment if you have friends hanging out.  You could pack a lot of people in this room if you wanted.  2 LCD TVs (one by the lower living room area, one in front of the bed), so you can't miss anything.  . . What I am knocking is value.  TV amenities, even the music channels, cost money.  WHAT?  All the other stations have some sort of DirectTV or MusicChoice music (I like having that) and at the Palazzo, they charge for it.  And the room was $250/night when I went (granted it was on the first weekend after Selection Sunday so that probably had a lot to do with it) but man, I just felt like I didn't get a bang for my buck, especially with so much competition around the area.  And there is a resort fee too....I can't remember if it included wifi or not (and if it didn't, then I should take off another star) but I really felt ripped off after staying here.  . . I wouldn't pay more than $125 for a night here just because I can go to Aria, get a room with all the amenities (smaller room but I rarely used that couch anyways) and get my music for half the price.. . I didn't have a problem with the hotel and casino...everything was fine and fancy.  But man my wallet was just like "Really?"
Elegant and beautiful property with excellent service.....but if you lose or misplace something there you will never get a return call from security and their follow-up is lacking.  Once you leave you are forgotten.
I have stayed her twice, and my experience was Meh. I honestly did experience better elsewhere. This hotel is nice, and decently priced for their suites. I wouldn't come here again though. No refrigerator, no free wifi, and slow service.. . Tao is convenitly located in the venetian, and there is a walgreens located down stairs. Although it was on the stripe, venetian was someone in the middle. You can walk to the Wynn, PH, Cesar Palace, and Paris. . . . .  I wished I had done some MORE research about other hotels suites, before booking this one.
Rooms are great.  POOLS are terrible - urine smell.  Also, hotel does not have a policy to return towels (like some hotels give you 2 towels with your room key and you get charged if you do not return)..  This meant that people left their towels on the chairs so you never knew which ones were truly occupied and which not.  Coupled with the bad odor, this made for an unpleasant experience.  We walked both the pools of the Palazzo and Venetian.
Beautiful casino and hotel. . First of all, the casino and surrounding areas here are gorgeous. I don't gamble often but walking through the casino and lobby areas was a nice to look at every morning. The design is gorgeous and they keep everything very clean. . . As far as the hotel goes, it still keeps that luxury feel but it did fall short in a few areas.  If you are used to staying in chain hotels for business you are going to miss some of the amenities.  They do not have in the room: Coffee, Fridge, Dresser, or Microwave. These are all standard things in a cheap Marriott or Hilton and it was disappointing that they were not included with the room. Also, the closet in here is very small, expect to keep your clothes in your suitcase throughout your stay here.. . The most frustrating part about the room is that the internet didn't work for 3 nights of my 5 night stay. I needed internet to work and not having it available in a $250 room is a bit ridiculous. When calling the front desk twice a day they responded by saying that the internet was out throughout the entire tower. I know several others who had internet within the Palazzo with no issue. For this reason I really couldn't give the Palazzo 4 stars.. . Ultimately, the hotel is designed to get you out of the room and onto the casino floor. . . The fitness center in the Palazzo is a bit small but it was able to accommodate a quick daily workout. I was told that the fitness center in the Venetian is substantially bigger.. . Although this place is gorgeous, for the price I expected a bit more from this place.
I haven't been Vegas in years - like over a decade - and I can barely remember what happened last time so I can't compare hotels. The rooms at the Palazzo are nice. You can get a suite with 2 queen beds and a lounge area with a fold out sofa bed. Perfect for hanging out - lots of room for all those girls and their luggage. . . It's nice to have so many good restaurants in the building too - Thomas Keller, Mario Batali, Emeril, etc. Perhaps this is standard along the strip. Although there are no current "it" spots in the hotel (pool, restaurant, bars, spa) everything is nice enough that if you didn't care about getting into the hottest spots in town you could just hang out here the entire time and not leave.  . . There's no special lobby here though it's connected to the Venetian and its fake canals (which I abhor) and they have carnival people walking around. I have to go on record to say that these places capture none of the charm of Venice and frankly it's very mall like and creepy.. . We got a killer deal that included breakfast for 2 plus a $100 food credit to use at select restaurants. There's a resort fee of $25 per room for wifi and gym use. If you plan on using the day spa though it's only $20 per person - $40 without the resort fee so keep that in mind.
Checked into the Palazzo on a Sunday afternoon, we were just staying there one night on the last leg of a long road trip.. . First of all parking is horrendous, why doesn't the Palazzo have some kind of number system to the parking spaces?  They just have generic areas like 1A and you have to hunt around for your car forever.  I guess they don't want you to leave.... . Check in was okay, they have a separate area for Platinum members and I got to skip the VERY long line at check in.  Otherwise was pretty sure I would have been there at least a half an hour.. . My front desk agent was decent, but not the best, he offered to waive the $25 resort fee which was nice and he upgraded me to a strip view suite.  Sounds nice right?  Except that I had paid for the rate that included an upgrade and I had to remind him I was entitled to one.  He was trying to charge me $40 for the upgrade...whoops.... My check in guy also forgot to give me my free breakfast vouchers which I was again entitled to because of the rate that I paid.  I had to come down the next day to get the vouchers and the front desk agent had no problem giving them to me.. . The walk to the room...I am a non smoker, and I just wish that I didn't have to walk past that stanky casino room floor to get to my room.  Yuk.. . The rooms, ok the rooms are awesome, you will see in the pics that I upload.  They are seriously great.  Lots of space to spread out.  The bathroom is beautiful marble covered everything.  The beds are super comfortable and you have all the channels you could want on the two lcdtvs.  . . The pools are kinds meh, I didn't check out the venetian pools but the Palazzo pools aren't very special.  They are more like oversized kiddie pools.  Also the pools open early and close early.  Why would they do that?  I guess they want people gambling lol this is vegas.  . . The Grand Lux cafe (the spot that I got my free breakfast vouchers for) was awesome.  Their breakfast buffet is great and they are so nice there.  They let me stuff a huge to go box with food to bring up to my room.  Who does that?. . In summary, nice room, nice cafe, kiddie pools and stinky casino.  everything is about what i would expect from vegas but the rooms are really special.
It a good hotel but the free breakfast on 23 sucks and roomservice blows they barely clean the room and the pool is pretty small for a big hotel rather stay at Wynn
I've stayed nearly everywhere on the strip. Palazzo seeminlgly has nice rooms and the staff was very professional.But there is something missing,perhaps its the illusion of luxury. It might be the ultra thin walls or the fact that I did not expect to see as much riff raff at this location. I suppose it's everywhere ,but,didn't expect to see as much.. .   I don't know why hotels,especially luxury ones, do not have better sound proofing. I don't need to hear adjacent doors constantly opening/closing and losers running around the hallway with drink cups for hours. . .   Overall it is ok,if you can get a deal on the room it's fine,but don't pay top dollar. Do not eat at Table 10.
Accomodations (rooms/suites, staff, restaurants etc.) are very good.  My only complaint is the Plazzo/Venetian complex does not accept responsibility for lost or stolen items.. . Case in point; on a recent visit to Vegas my wife, niece and I did some shopping at the North Las Vegas Outlet.  We made several purchases, including two identical purchases that my wife and neice made from one of the oulet stores.  Upon our return to the Palazzo, we had our car Valet parked and left all of our purchases in the back of our SUV.  We did not take the car out again until the next morning when we checked out to go home.  We stopped no where between the hotel and our home in Southern California.  When we got home, we noticed that the two purses were missing.. . I immediately called the hotel and was conected with the Security Department, who initiated an investigation.  A week later when I called for an update on their investigation, the facility's Risk Management Office informed me that the investigation had been closed with no action to be taken.  I was informed that the hotel would not reimburse us for the missing purses, which did not surprise me as that was not my reason for requesting the investigation.  What did surprise me was their insistance that the hotel takes no responsibility for items left in your car even when they have charge of the vehicle.  I thought at a minimum that they would at least offer to comp us for a room on our next visit, as a good will gesture.  Nada!. . Although this $300 mistake was a good lesson for us to learn, needless to say we won't be staying at either the Palazzo or the Venetian anytime soon.
11-th floor, 900-series room..... . In-room wifi was unreliable, and seemed to blacklist some devices when using a VPN on non-standard ports.. . The in-room "fridge" was dominated by drinks from the hotel, offering no room for any food items you might want to take back to your room, such as a dessert, cookies, or anything you might want to refrigerate.. . The room had 2 beds plus a pull-out (sofa expands to bed) but this is not designed for taller people. Anyone taller than 5 foot 6 inches will probably have their feet hanging over the edge of the bed.. . Pull-out bed was more comfortable than the pull-out beds in the Rio, Ipanema tower.. . Not a good value for the services provided.. . Plusses:.  * on the strip.  * near many tourist attractions on strip. . Minuses:.  * Wifi unreliable when using VPN on some devices.  * pull-out bed was narrow and not designed for people taller than 5'6".  * No fridge for your medication, food, or anything you might keep for your kids
The Palazzo is a very nice hotel. But it does not deserve to be among the few 5 star hotels. It's more like a 3 1/2. . . The rooms are very big and spacious, so that's a big plus. The beds were comfortable, but not what I would expect in a 5 star hotel. And, no coffee machine! Really, they are that hard up to make a buck by forcing you down to one of their coffee vendors.. . The service was merely okay, if I am being generous. They have very few people checking you in and out, leading to long lines during peak time. The made it very difficult for us to extend our check-out time, and only offered us the the option of extending to 2pm for a charge of $50, again trying to make a buck.. . The lobby, decor, casino, restaurants, and shops compete with any other good hotel in Vegas. None of these things sets it apart. If you are going to drop dime, head over to Wynn, Aria, or Cosmo. They are superior hotels.
Not the best experience in the world. Perhaps my expectations are too high as I used to work in hotels. I would felt like I was robbed if I paid for this room on my own dime. Luckily, my company paid for it as it was a business related trip. . . The suites are nice: I really like the sunken living room area by the windows. it is essentially one big room, but having those few steps makes the room feel like more than it really is. Great design element.. . I was overcharged for my room when I checked in. When I brought that to their attention, their recourse was to charge me even more in hopes it would cancel out. Took two days, leaving me with no credit on my credit card. Customer service lacking, but perhaps I just have high standards. . . The decor and locale (on the strip) is very good. The feeling of the rooms are nice. However, if I was paying my own way, I'd choose another hotel.
i ve stayed there 5times. . - i play table games a lot.  all dealers are mean comparing to other casinos. also i noticed 95% of the dealers are asian, thats strange. . . - security at the elevators are very rude. . + rooms are very very nice. . - you will wait at least 30 minutes to get your food at the palazzo cafe
How I have not written a review for the Palazzo as many times as I have stayed here I don't know. I guess what happens in Vegas really stays in Vegas! Anyway, it is a great hotel, great location, the rooms are a good size and split between a sleeping and living room type areas. What I can't stand and why I don't stay here anymore is the bathroom lighting. It is so dim and so bad you can't do your makeup at all. It totally sucks.
....
Claims to be a "green" hotel but you cannot use there refrigerator and do not have coffee makers in room. Went to Walgreens and bought a styrofoam cooler and coffee makers to be disposed of. How's that for green? Beware of removing items from room fridge cause it will automatically charge your room. For some reason the room/hallway has a faint scent of waffles. The curtains do block out the light which is great.
