I have never stayed at this hotel but I have been to LAX and the Bodies exhibition.  LAX was ok I guess, the DJ at the time played a lot of poppy music and the ratio at this club was terrible... 10 dudes for like every girl.  Maybe things have changed since this was a while ago.. . The Bodies exhibit was great but I think I will do a whole separate review for that.  My favorite part about Luxor is their inside architecture.  I feel like I'm walking inside a huge Masonic temple of the new ages.  It really makes me wonder why so many hotels in Las Vegas have obelisks inside of them.  I noticed them in the Wynn, the Bellagio and ,of course, the Luxor.  Makes me feel like Vegas is built upon Mason cults and architecture that are sending the world to its own destruction.  Sin City?  LOL.. . The casino at the Luxor was A-Ok. and their "food court" was pretty boring, including: Little Casar's, Quizno's, Starbucks and McDonlads.... meh
The hotel was average- some parts were nice but the long halls to the tower I stayed in were not nice and were ugly. We had an issue the first day and they quickly changed out room so that was nice- however the new room wasnt overly clean in the bathroom area which is HUGE.. Lots of walking with no good directions- everyone points ---its that way and you walk and walk and walk........etc. I was plahing blackjack at a machine and suddenly the screen went all goofy and all my money was gone- I complained and she pretty much called me a liar saying I set the bet limit to $18 a time.....they gave me my money back when I argued that I didnt touch anything and the screen went all goofy like a freezing computer- but she looked at me like I was trying to steal $18 from the casino- really? rude over $18?
I stayed here while attending an industry conference in April 2010 and was happy with the cleanliness, however the rooms, as others have said, are dated. On check-in I tried slipping the guy $20 between my ID and credit card and asked if there were any "complimentary upgrades" being offered, but he quickly handed the J-note back and after ferociously typing for about 10 seconds told me that they were going to give me one night of my three for free. Sweet. Too bad my company was paying :(. I ended up on the fourteenth floor in the west tower. Not bad. The room was nothing to write home about, but it was decent. . . ***Note to self for the next time: do not confuse the pyramid rooms with the tower rooms while completely tanked or you will be helpless lost for over an hour. Also, make sure to throw up down on to the casino floor again from the pyramid hallways. That was pretty great.
decent. definitely not one of the more luxurious spots to stay on the strip but its clean.. doesnt have the nasty cigarette smoke smell & close to enough casinos without having to walk outside. lol and i actually thought the bathroom in my room was reallly nice.. im a sucker for big glass windows & stone flooring . . oh & the elevators really do go sideways! i never knew that til my cousins asked to come up to my room & i was confused as to why and they were completely fascinated. & here i was the entire time thinking damn these elevators suck because they were so shakey!. . i also got free passes for LAX & cathouse both which were fun .. cathouse was a lil older for my taste but wednesday nights they have house music.. too bad i didnt get to check that out.. . . they're also pretty limited as to table card games but its not as crowded as excalibur.. sat at the pai gow poker table for a good hour .. interestingly enough my 18 year old brother didnt get carded or kicked off at all =) hhaha
The hotel itself is fine - not as luxurious as the Wynn or Mandalay Bay, but perfectly clean and nice, and not a dump. The reason it's not 4 stars is the salon. Ideally I'd write the negative review on the salon's own Yelp page, but firstly there isn't one, and secondly, I think the hotel is responsible for its amenities.. . Aaaanyway, I had a big networking fancy-schmancy cocktail party to go to, and of course the hotel hairdryer in the bathroom broke. So I called housekeeping for a replacement, they said they could bring one up in two minutes, but 30 minutes later, I gave up and went to the salon downstairs.. . The stylist insisted on doing the opposite of what I asked for: she added a bunch of spray when I told her my hair already had product in it, and used a straightening and curling iron when all I wanted was a round brush. She also turned the chair away from the mirror so I couldn't keep track of things. In retrospect I should have insisted that she do as I ask, and not let her insist on doing it her own way, but I was trying to be "nice" (I know, very uncharacteristic of me; what can I say?). . Almost an hour and a half later (much too long for a basic blow dry), I turn around and she has made me look like a French poodle. It was horrible! I just stood up and said, "I'm sorry, but please hand me the blow dryer and brush; I have to fix this myself." She was offended, but too bad. Of course, it took me a while to salvage what I could of it, and by that time I had really missed the party, AND guess what they charged me for the privilege of not listening to my simple requests?. . $78.. . To sum up a story that was probably longer than it needed to be: don't go to hotel salons because they are a ripoff, and if you do, be firm in what you want, even if that means being a "difficult client."
I didn't stay here this trip to Vegas, so this review is based upon just what I viewed walking through it and getting a few drinks at a bar before I went to LAX. . . First off, I am a big fan of the theme of this hotel. I love the Egyptian look of it. In the past few years, I was a little bothered that this hotel seemed to be going down hill a little. There were areas that were dirty, there was graffiti in the hotel and it just didn't have the mystic of a Vegas hotel any more. When I went through it for this review, I was very pleased that I did not see any of this. I didn't walk through the whole hotel, but what I did see, made me actually want to stay here again. I was glad to see the change and want to come back here and spend a little time.
Spa suite is the only room to stay in. The elevators are scary as Hell. The show pushers, are just as bad as the Excalibur and the card flickers on the strip sidewalks or worse. Think Cancun arrivals, and you get the idea.
Yes, you can find better hotels.  If you want a nice place go stay at Palazzo, Wynn or Bellagio.  If you want sort of nice stay at Mirage or Mandalay Bay.  If you want a place to crash and shower and pay fairly cheap rates (even with the resort fee) stay here.. . This place is definitely trying to "sex it up" with clubs like the cathouse and go-go dancers in the casino.  Its a good laugh for a bachelor or bachelorette party and table limits in the casino are moderate for a hotel on the strip. . . Overall, if you have kids, stay away from this place.  If you are a college kid on a budget, this place is for you.
Stayed in the towers and they were a bit nicer than the pyramid. Maybe not having the slanted windows made the room feel a bit larger. . . The food court has great options for anytime you want to grab a bite to eat.. . My favorite was the Party Pit, when on weekends after 4pm there is a section of tables (blackjack, roulette, etc.) that has a stage in the middle where beautiful girls dance and distract you for a while. It was a great atmosphere and our dealer Martha was hilarious!!!!
The Luxor is one of the most coolest looking hotels, being a black glass pyramid and all, and especially at night with the beam of light shooting from the top into space.  The problem with Vegas though is it keeps re-inventing itself every couple of years, and the Luxor is starting to get a little tired inside.   Our pyramid room on the 20th floor overlooking partly the strip and partly the airport was awesome with the views, but not so awesome with the shabby less than chic decor.  It's OK though, and the dark muted colors helped hide that.  And it's Vegas, so you're really not in your room that much anyway.  If you're looking to stay in a really swanky hotel, it's not going to be the Luxor, but you probably knew that anyway.  If you want to stay in a nice hotel, with nice amenities, and be able to easily get around the strip, the Luxor is probably a good value for you.  The casino areas and adjacent bars are laid out nicely, and the pool area is very nice looking, but was closed for our stay in January.  We used the pool at Excalibur for free as a Luxor guest, so that was nice to be able to do that and get in some pool time.  I've heard the rooms in the tower are much nicer than the pyramid, but then what's the point?  Might as well stay in a different hotel altogether, cause the Luxor is all about the pyramid.
Had to do a quick weekend trip to see Social Distortion at the House of booze at the Mandalay but my friends and I were sort of on the broke side, so I checked the rates and Luxor seemed reasonably priced and it was within close proximity to Mandalay so we wouldn't have to pay for a cab.. . I was VERY impressed with the rooms inside the pyramid.  They were clean, beds comfortable and the service was overall good!!!   Even the bathrooms were spacious and had a decent sized shower.. . My only negative to this place was the "resort fee"($17), paying to use the fitness center and be able to use "wired internet", if they seriously want to charge a resort fee then they need to start providing decent things, atleast WiFi!!!!  By the way, if you have a mac,  just set up a network with your computer and VOILA instant wifi for you and your friends in your room!!. . I would definitely consider staying here again though!  I might even try it out during the summer, see how the pool action is.
The wife and I, decided to get the Spa Suite in the Pyramid of Luxor. I would probably consider Luxor to be a Mid-Class hotel and Casino. Not really the low end of Mid Class, but more of the middle to high end of the mid class hotels. It does have its ups and downs, when staying at the Luxor. . . Let start off with the Parking Garage. We really couldn't find Valet, cause the arrows are not up to date on where everything should be. So we found our way to the garage, which, probably seen better days. Then again, Luxor is 15 years and still running, I would probably say, that its better then others that probably been there longer. . . When we checked in, the person who checked us in, was very nice and talkative. She liked the fact that, us locals, are taking advantage of the discounts on vacationing in Vegas, just to get away from home. Despite the fact that we have no kids, you can't really pass the opportunity of cheap rooms. Especially the Spa Suite, which is bigger then an average room, that we usually would get at any other hotel in Vegas. . . Our room was on the 29th floor. Just one floor shy of being on the very top floor. It was a very nice room size for a mid class hotel. We got the corner of the pyramid, with a king size bed, a spa tub which is close to a slanted windows. It also had a separate living room space, that had its own TV, table and couch. But of course, the down side of it, is a lot of wasted space. Its nice they had everything, but I think, they could of put more in the room, then the basic essentials. They did have a fridge, which was cool, but no mini bar. They did have a closet with an ironing board and blanket, but no extra pillows. The bathroom was nice and big, but again, wasted space, where they could probably put more into it, and not enough lighting in the bathroom. They have lamps by the bed, in the living room, but one overhead light, over the sink of the bathroom, that's not even bright enough to really see how you look in the morning. Not until you put your face, right against the mirror to see how look in the morning. Now, thinking about it, not really sure if that's a good thing or bad thing. The windows to the pyramid needs cleaning on the outside. Mainly opening your curtains and seeing dirt spots from rain streaks, doesn't really make your view of Vegas any prettier. . . The first thing we did, was buy tickets to the Titanic exhibit. Of course, its our second time doing that, so I probably won't right another review, but the second time around, we were able to read everything and not fall behind and went at our own pace. We didn't get a tour guide this time around, but I think it was better. But I still love the Titanic the first time around, and always be one of the best attractions to go to, over and over again. . . We also got Criss Angel Believe tickets, where I wrote a review about it, and stated that it was an OK show. Criss Angel is a good magician, but his Vegas show Believe, is a copy of his best work from all his show on TV, but  in a live version. Wasn't really impressed, cause they took out the Cirque Du Soleil of it, but it was great seeing him live. Just wish he did more to it, and something new, then to recycle his work in a live show. . . Room Service for morning breakfast, was kind of pricey, but very well presented. I got the steak and egg, and it smell and tasted great. My wife got the continental breakfast, and she was full, after the fact that we left Luxor that day. So, it was a decent choice for room service, just wish it wasn't pricey. . . Over all, I would recommend this place for short stay, just to have a place to rest. If you could afford the Spa Suite, go for it, that Spa tub was awesome. Don't worry about mooning Vegas from your room, cause you probably won't be the first, nor the last. I'm sure no one else will see you if you do. The scenario is decent, where ever you go in Luxor. Just don't expect much when it comes down to amenities. Read my reviews on Titanic Artifact Exhibit and Criss Angel Believe, then you can probably judge, if you want to go see it or not.
Hotels that charge a resort fee, but offer no amenities should be ashamed of themselves.  The Luxor is one of those hotels.  We were told there would be one, but it was not forth coming to what that fee was for.  There was a brief mention of "save your cell phone minutes and use the land line for calls," but who counts cell phone minutes anymore?  Last time I checked most plans were unlimited and it's not 2002.. . Another thing, not only were the pools closed, they were void of water.  How resort does that feel?  But, anyways... We stayed at a Spa Suite and I recommend those are definitely a pass if you are offered an upgrade to one.  (Unless it's free.)  The room doesn't look like it has been updated completely.  While there are few things that appear new like bathroom tiles and a plastic toilet, there are others that look like they have been in the room for the whole of fifteen years.  . . First, the theme of the room is Egyptian and the furniture reflects that, but in a cheesy not-so-classy way.  All that hot mess of odd looking stuff looks like it has been there the whole time.  It's not in such great shape anymore.  Dings, dents, and dust were the main event plus the cabinet for the television is small, and the old rounded screen tube TV was as well.  The room itself was spacious but the decor was really lacking that luxurious feel.  In fact, in my opinion, the only thing suite-like was the nice linens.  The towels were fluffy and the pillows on the bed were very soft.  Still there was no comforter on the bed and the extra blanket looked like it had seen better days.. . As for the non-hotel parts, the place has certainly cleaned up well.  The last time I was in here they had poorly slapped some walls up around the casino and called it a nightclub.  Now it has a nice modern open feel to it.  Food court was lacking, but they make up for it in casual dining.  They also have the Titanic exhibit and Bodies plus shows like Criss Angel, Carrot Top and Fantasy.. . We came to see the rooms because of a Yelp freebie to see the Titanic and Bodies a little while back.  (We did Titanic again.)  While I'm glad I got to ride in the sideways elevators and check out the view from the 29th floor, I doubt I'll be back to stay even if the pool did have water.
I was very excited to be staying at Luxor when my friends and I booked here for 4 nights but left wishing I had stayed somewhere else.. . First when we got to Luxor the check-in line was ridiculous. I swear of everywhere i've stayed in Vegas this has got to have the longest/slowest lines. After about 45 minutes waiting in line we finally got our room on the very top and we were dissappointed. The room was plain and very uninviting & I didn't dig the slanted wall at all.. . I really didn't like the layout or the feel of the casino floor so I didn't end up playing that much there.. . Spent some time at the pool and did like that because it was a decent pool and was not crazy busy.. . Nobody at the casino was mean or rude to us just didn't like the vibe.. . On a high note my friends and I ran into Criss Angel 3 times while there. Once we were in the elevator (inclinator) and I didnt even notice until a friend poked me and said something. The next time was right outside of the elevator and I was going to go ask for an autograph but his bodyguard looked like if I came close he was going to tackle me and he was on his cell phone yelling at someone so I declined to get near him. The last time was once again at the elevator.. . I dont hate this place but until their rooms are more inviting and the vibe is better I wont be booking a room there...I might come for a short visit though.
I have mixed feelings about the Luxor because the first of a 3 night stay, they ran out of the room that we were booked for so we were upgraded to a bedroom suite in the towers (not the pyramid) and this made such a huge difference.. . The bathroom and shower was a little weird, I definitely felt like I was in some kind of pyramid despite not being in the pyramid of the Luxor, because everything was dark and mysterious and twists and turns and tunnels. Yes I am talking about the bathroom. I just got this strange feeling from the whole place that I didn't quite like.. . But then, our short upgrade was over and we were promptly returned to the Luxor pyramid room. The Pyramid rooms are quite a bit older, stranger, have a slant, and makes very poor use of space in the room. The room is dimly lit, it's got random stains in places I'd rather not know why, and it just seems overall kind of on the old side.. . If my only experience was staying in the pyramid, I probably wouldn't come back especially for the price. However, if you get a chance to stay in the towers, it's not too bad. Just don't get lost in the bathroom.
Pluses: super comfy beds, big bathrooms, nice rooms in general, free internet.. . Minuses: crappy old TV that buzzes loudly when it's on, really noisy hallways that echo so when someone down the hall leaves their room at 2am, you hear it and wake up; questionable house keeping. The room next to mine ordered room service 3 days ago and put their tray outside their door on the floor. It's still sitting there today. I've seen maids go by, but apparently it's ok to leave food sitting around for days. Good thing there wasn't much food left on the tray- they could easily have a rodent problem.
NO AX TO GRIND. . Last weekend, my wife and  stayed at the Luxor for two nights in the East Tower, Room 8304, for a very reasonable price.. . Arriving late in the day (or early, depending on perspective) at 2:30 AM, we found the check-in desk to be poorly staffed at that time of the morning. Only 3 stations out of about twenty were open and there was a line. It took perhaps 20 minutes to get our room  keys. I'm thinking that the Team Meeting on Guests' First Impressions was not well attended.. . Beyond the arrival experience, the room  was spacious and lovely - nicely appointed, sparkling clean, and very quiet. The bathroom was particularly impressive with a BIG shower and a DEEP bathtub. Perhaps a second trash can would've been useful, and the absence of a wi-fi connection needs to be addressed. (There is a hardwire connection off the TV available for your laptop.) And the absence of an in-room coffee maker didn't make my wife happy, but I don't drink java so couldn't have cared less. Besides, there are at least three Starbucks outlets in the hotel, and maybe more for all I know.. . Perhaps those that have reported backed-up sewage, bedbugs, and brown grunge on the walls have an ax to grind. I mean, if one was unlucky at the casino's crap tables, one could subsequently write anything about the room experience whether it's true or not. Since we weren't there to gamble but attend a showing of THE LION KING at the Mandalay Bay Theater next door, I have no beef.. . Our two meals at the Pyramid Cafe were well-prepared and tasty. The service was attentive. Our hour in the hotel's fitness gym on the morning of departure was well-spent; the room is well-equipped, though somewhat hard to find (adjacent to the Spa) as the facility isn't given exposure in the hotel fact sheet available in the room.. . I'd stay at the Luxor again without any qualms, though I would try to arrive earlier in the day.
This is my fourth stay in the Luxor pyramid.. . PROS:  . 1)  The room rates are very reasonable for what you're getting.  If you're on a budget and don't want to stay in a dumpy place, try Luxor.  . 2)  The beds used to be uncomfortably hard.  They are much better now.  . 3)  Rooms are clean and comfortable with a decent amount of space.. 4)  Nice bathrooms. 5)  The inclinators are fun to experience at least once in your life.. 6)  Good housekeeping service.. 7)  Concierge was pleasant and helpful.. . CONS:. 1)  Needs updating, and the walls of the atrium look like they could use a coat of paint or at least a thorough cleaning.. 2)  The frickin' time share people who accost you at every corner.. 3)  Not as many in-room amenities as there used to be, and the shampoo bottles aren't cute little pyramids anymore.. 4)  Not many restaurant choices.. 5)  It's getting kinda sad...  their little shopping center has hardly any shops anymore.  . 6)  The toilets are poorly designed -- the toilet paper doesn't always flush down!. . In the film "Up in the Air", George Clooney's character says something like "Luxor?  That place is a s**thole.  Nobody stays there."  That's very harsh, but I don't think I'll be staying here again.  Nothing against Luxor... just want to try something different, and hopefully nicer, next time.
Room Type: Pyramid. Date: Mar 2011. . Overall the room was adequate and worked well - I mean, how much time do you actually spend in the room in vegas? I do hear the Tower rooms are nicer, but for the sheer novelty of staying in the pyramid and the convenience its worth a try.. . The only thing I didnt like was that you had to take one specific elevator (elevator 1B) to get to the room. The other was that the room did not have coffee maker :(. . Otherwise quite well, $95 per night.. . Note that its now becoming a habit to tack on an additional "resort fee" of $15-$19 on top of you regular hotel bill......even the Palazzo charged me when I stayed there. Seems like the hotels are going the way of the airline industry - making up fees and  nickel and diming you for just about everything.....
During my whirlwind tour of the Strip in Las Vegas, my friends and I stopped at the Luxor for some drinks. The interior has lost its Egyptian feel and has been remolded itself into the boring Ultra Lounge look. I enjoyed the open feeling of the enclosure and knowing that the walls of the building are where the rooms are located. What really set this hotel/resort apart from the others that we explored during our trip where the attractions that were offered. The "Bodies Exhibit" was in town as well as a collection of items from the Titanic. So if you wanted to be entertained or educated by attractions associated with death while staying in a modern day pyramid, you could. Ah, the irony of it all!
Hotels not bad.  The rooms we got were clean and all.  Kinda dated and a few scuff marks here and there but not enough to complain.  Would I stay here again though.  Probably not.  Unless maybe they gave me a some what better room for what I paid.
Our stay at the Luxor was bitter-sweet to say the least. A huge plus, in my mind at least, was the fact that they had free parking in back for their customers. I was a little shocked simply because they could almost certainly have gotten away with charging a few dollars a day for the right to park there. Finding it, however, was another matter as some of the signs to find it were very cryptic. We had to drive by twice before finding it. That being the case, I had no idea we had that opportunity so we ended up renting a car. . . Walking into the hotel the casino is right there at the bottom of the pyramid. It wasn't particularly large, but it was very easy to get lost in especially on your first few days there. After a while it became easier, but the unorthodox layout of the hotel overall certainly didn't help the matter.. . The staff was very friendly upon check in and despite a problem with payment, they were very hospitable. Arriving at the room was the biggest disappointment for me, personally. I've stayed in hotels throughout the world and I would say that the amenities at the Luxor was somewhat disappointing. They completely lacked a minifridge and their toilet paper felt like -- we'll stop there and you can figure that number out. . . The hotel has a rail connection to both Mandalay Bay and the neighboring Excalibur hotel both of which the hotel ALSO has footbridges to. Furthermore, if you're trying to get out of the hotel by cab (or anything for that matter) note that there is a entrance on the north side that no one ever uses. It was easy for us to catch a cab there, easy for us to be picked up there, overall it was a smarter choice than the main entrance where everyone flocks. . . Their show Fantasy was essentially a topless dance routine, but there was absolutely nothing wrong with it. The dancers were talented and they were entertaining. I do have to throw out there, however, that the comedian in this show Sean E Cooper was probably the best part of it and it's unfortunate that he doesn't have his own show.. . The hotel has a buffet but my friends and I often opted instead for the food court which is populated with Quiznos, McDonalds, Nathans, Starbucks and several other fast food joints. The food court never failed my drunken taste buds at 2 am.. . Lastly, whoever designed the hotel, whether out of necessity or design, seemed to really just want to hide the gym. I spent a good fifteen, twenty minutes walking around looking for it. . . Overall, however, the hotel provided bedding and a shower which are essentially the only things I used it for. My experience may have been colored by both the company I kept and the experience I had, but overall, the hotel gave us a great place to hang out.
Stayed with the hubby for a quick So-CA / Vegas Run and it was in the price range. Good for a quick get-away, so not for lux, pampering, up to date NOTHING. Our room was something outta the 80's Vegas. Tube TV, chipped bathroom tiles. Upon arrival our requested room, Pyramid Suite, was not available and a hotel upgraded room was givin. If that was an upgrade, our suite musta really sucked ass. BUT, like I said, you pay for Oreos, you get Oreos. Want gormet wonderland, go for the Newer hotels and pay for it. Remember Vegas is hurting too in these tough times and with the amount of Penny Sluts, I mean Slots everywhere, have to make it up elsewhere. Again, you get what you pay for.
It's a hotel in Vegas. All i need is a place to lay my drunken head.  The Luxor accomplishes this.
It's hard to compete on the strip. There are a lot of good places, and as our taxi driver put it: the new is always the "it". What you can get at more dated places is a good value. The Luxor is still a good distance from a lot of hot spots, so staying there can help you save a little cash but still get the Vegas experience. The rooms are clean, cozy, and orbitz will get you a good deal.
Stayed here over a weekend for my daughter's B-Day-. I was not given A ROOM*** with a view, well OK we had the view of the black pyramid- I wanted the Excalibur side-would've been more fun for her guests to look at .... I also requested  the highest room possible and I was given the 7th floor and because of College Basketball no other room was available or they were just lying to me!!!. I know, I know - I understand that no rooms are a guarantee but as a customer I'm allowed to whine a little..... We got the premier suite with an adjoining room. It was nice & about a little over  1500 sq ft all together. Some of the lights did not work and as I was decorating a service man came in because the cleaning lady said the automatic curtains don't work. I told him about the lights and he said he'll send someone up - no one ever came and I was too busy to care.. The kitchen  is too small and the refrigerator is a mini one and doesn't cool very well so bring lots of ice.. The room served it's purpose for us..... The kids or should I say pre-teens loved THE POOL *** I think they felt like they were on an episode of MTV's Spring Break. There are a few concrete squares in the middle of the pool to lay out in the sun or as the kids and adults were using it for - to dance on. There was also a female DJ out there spinning her beats..... There is a waterfall in the pool area that tricks everyone because it looks like a waterslide- it's not!!!!. THE HOTEL ***itself looked fine-not run down like some people thought... It was just so damn busy - lines forever- bad for us because of the wait and hellah good for them for the money. . It was hard for my guests to find us and we didn't use WIFI of course but I think it is stupid to charge for that..... Sign up online and you get a 20% coupon - a big help. I wouldn't mind staying here again.....
Hotel is tired and not the most modern, but at $60 - $75 per night I am not complaining!
not as 'grand' as other hotels in las vegas. but a spectacle none the less. -it's a PYRAMID for goodness sake!. . the lines in this place (for food, for rental cars, to check in) are ridiculous but this seemed like a trend in Las Vegas in general. i don't fault luxor.. . check in was fine after the long wait, but the lady forgot to give us our keys! we went all the way up the 'inclinator' (since it's a pyramid, the elevator has to do some pretty weird stuff that warrants a different name) to our room before we discovered this. the inclinator was a ROCKY ride! we went all the way down, waited again...and free UPGRADE! . . so we never saw the 'regular' rooms. we went to the east tower with a regular elevator. ;-) the room was clean, spacious and more than acceptable for the cost.. . it's right near the end of the strip, near the airport.. . in general, luxor is a good, more budget conscious chioce, but it's not as beautiful as other hotels on the Las Vegas Blvd.
Stayed in the pyramid spa suite. It was very spacious, and the jacuzzi was fun to use at night, overlooking the airport and the Mandalay Bay.. . Each spa suite is located at the corners of the pyramid, and there are 4 sets of elevators in each corner with each corner only going to a specific set of floors. As luck would have it, our suite was on the opposite side of the pyramid from the elevators that serviced our floor, so the walk to get to and from the room was quite exhausting. Anyone booking one of these suites should ask at check in where their room is in relation to the elevators for their floor. After walking all day long, the last thing we want is more walking back at our hotel.. . The elevators (inclinators) in the pyramid are fun. Every day you will see drunk people almost fall over as they go up sideways, not straight up and down like normal elevators. Also, they added a security measure where someone on the elevator needs to insert a room key for a room on that floor in order for the button for that floor to light up. Always good for some fun watching people repeatedly press the button for their floor, wondering why it won't light up, and then getting upset when it passes their floor.. . Luxor is not the classiest place on the Strip, but it's definitely one of the most affordable while still getting the experience of staying at a big Vegas hotel casino. If you're looking for an economical vacation that gives the Vegas experience, Luxor is a good option.
Well where do i start ... lets start with the fact that i stayed here in Feb 25th 2010 was my 2nd time going to Vegas and was just looking for a good deal Luxor was the pick! we got to the hotel and it looked a little run down we thought oh well were not going to be in the room for long any ways. We got to the room and felt that it was a little gloomy and of course it looked alot more run down then the hotel it self. I understand that it was built some time ago but the rooms need major renos. The bars i went to were Flight bar Aurora or something both were great!!. . *The bar tender at Flight Bar made me a Raspberry lemonade martini with a pink sugar rim fresh squeezed raspberrys and it was good!! . . *I checked out the Titanic exhibition and it was really good !! well worth the $30.00 something i paid line ups were huge tho so make sure you do not go around lunch time !! . . LAX nighclub was one of the better ones ive been to so far! Classy look on the inside but wayy tooo crowded! I know my post seems pretty negative but i didnt mind any of it at all i can see others who will never go back but for me its a nice small hotel not as big as the other ones and its easy to get around to other hotels near by Mandalay Bay , Excalibre, New York New York, MGM Grand! . . I do say give it a try .. but only of your looking for a good deal after staying at the Aria i probably wont go back to the Luxor but i had and enjoyable stay!! no issues with service everyone was fantastic!!
Welcome to 1982's version of Egypt. This place is pretty interesting. The design is inconsistent. From the outside it gives the impression you're walking into a pyramid, as is the point of the many Sphinx like statues outside and throughout the lobby. The deeper you go into the casino, however, the more confused you are about the ambiance. There are neon lights everywhere (shocking, I know, it's Vegas) but they way they are tracked throughout the casino, it reminds me of a 1980's nightclub. Part of me loves the Luxor for this, it brings me back to the 80's and that makes me nostalgic, but the rest of me wants so much for them to stick with the Egyptian theme and make the casino consistent with the Lobby and outside. . . Moving onto the pool- I will say that the pool is very nice. The pool attendants are also very responsive and quick with your orders, which is not always the case at other Las Vegas Hotel pools. The guy who gives poolside massages is also very sweet. Although we were not interested in a massage he was still very nice to us and engaged us in a lovely conversation about Vegas, not a sales pitch, which I really appreciated. . . The guest rooms were nothing to brag about. What I found interesting is that this is one area where they stay consistent with their Egyptian theme, and maybe not the best place to maintain this theme. The bedspreads were obviously very outdated (consistent with the casino) and the only wall decoration they had were of what were supposed to be ruins and artifacts, but were laughable. Also, while we did have a non-smoking room, because our room was in the pyramid section of the hotel that over looks the casino- our room smelled of smoke due to poor ventilation of the casino as well as the design structure. . . In all fairness though, this casino is constantly offering deals, and for $70 a night, you can't really beat it. It's also quite the late night hot spot for young gamblers leaving LAX.
I have been to Vegas 5 times and I always saw the big pyramid at the end of the strip and thought it would be cool to stay here. I was happy with the room, it was clean and roomy. The View that we had was of the pool, so it saved me from having to wake up super early to go down and get a seat by the pool.. . The location of the Hotel is not the best though. Especially if you don't want to sit in traffic in a taxi or walk. But almost everything you could need is inside the hotel. There are plenty of bars, and restaurants, and the Casino is very fun. The Age group at this casino is a little younger than some others which I liked. The Hotel Exhibits and shows weren't the best though. There needs to be some updating.
We stayed in the East Tower.  To get to the elevators is a chore through the maze.  The room was okay with a flat screen tv and nice bedding.  Housekeeping needs worked on.  When we checked in there was a dirty towel and used soap on the sink, although it did get better for the other two days.  The resort fee is a joke.  It includes internet which is by ethernet cable, and a short one at that.  Now I could see wired internet at a hotel by the Pentagon where most of the guests are prohibited from using wireless, but come on there is no good reason for it in Las Vegas.  The location isn't very central as the only strip casino further south is MandalayBay.  Will probably look elsewhere next trip.
In 1996, when the Luxor was somewhat new, I was in my teens hanging out with my parents (when it was still okay for kids to go to Vegas because there were cool arcades to go to), I saw the Luxor as the place to stay and would often ask my parents if we could stay there someday. Fast forward to last weekend, on a last minute plan to go to Vegas, I finally had the opportunity to stay at Luxor.. . The place doesn't really have the same awe to me like it had back in the 90's, and from what I've heard, after a couple of years it has toned back a bit on the Egyptian theme throughout the casino.. . We stayed in the West Tower (unfortunately, not the pyramid, damn), so we couldn't try the inclinators. I assume it's probably not big deal, but I'm still curious about it anyway.  The rooms we stayed in were two doubles, and all in all the room looked pretty clean. The room isn't big though, it seems to be around 400-500 sq ft and isn't the best place to stay if you intend to have 4+ people to stay in the room. Also, everything in the room seems to be updated recently, and besides the samsung lcd tv, it doesn't have the things you would expect at the newer hotels in the area. . . The rest of the casino is pretty much standard, there's a small food court area that has a McDonald's, there are two clubs Cathouse and LAX, and the casino offers connections to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur (which leads to the rest of the strip).  So it's an okay place to stay, but if you are looking to see the rest of the strip, try staying at the hotels a couple blocks north.  Unless you want to walk everywhere you go, you'll save a bit more money on taxi rides staying somewhere else.  These hotels don't look big until you have to walk through/around them.
Officially on my list of Hotels that need to go away.  If you're looking to impress somebody, don't stay here. If you need a place to stay with the gang, sure why not.. . The Pyramid Hotel is just dated now, with its fluorescent lights in the hallways and in your bathroom it doesn't do anything to the dreary lighting inside the entire hotel. Unless they were really going for the, you're in an archeological site and you're about to spend a night in a tomb theme, then they get an A+.. . Notes:. . Definitely used the valet if you're checking in because the self park is on the opposite side the world and takes an eternity to get to the front desk. (i'm pretty sure they're used to people walking in with coolers too). . The Luxor Pool was pretty busy with everyone in the pool with a beer in hand and having a loud time, but people walking from the structure can see everything.. . Our welcome package got 2 people in to Cat House for free.. . The sideways elevators are not fun. Any abrupt movements have you leaning against your neighbor.
OK place to stay.. The rooms are simple and clean; although there are not extras like the other hotels (safe, fridge, wi-fi).. The TV is very outdated.. The hotel is overall clean; has few bars and eateries around the hotel.. The pool is nice. Spacious comes with a live DJ during spring break.. They charged a resort fee.. . Do LOVE that their night club "LAX' gives free mixed drinks for ladies with wristbands. The free drinks are actually vodka with a mix. The wristbands are given during the day when you walk around the hotel.
As a gambling lover, I always love coming to vegas.  I've been to many casinos in northern california such as red hawk, cache creek, thunder valley, and even one in redding called win-river casino.  I have never been asked if I wanted a massage while playing cards until today at a pai gow table.  We had a full table and the player on the right of me accepted the massage offer from the worker, which then turned the player's chair around and put a giant cushion in front of him to relax on.  During the game, the massager was going all out on the player beside me.  After ten minutes, the massager told the player that it was $20 and if he wanted to continue for more.  Pretty sweet deal if you ask me.  . . As far as their cocktail waitresses, they rarely ever came by to serve us drinks.  I'd say they came by once every 2 hours.  Overall, I'd go back for sure some day to gamble.. . Three stars for being an average casino that was good, but nothing stood out from the hotel to me except for the massage therapist.
We checked in for 3 days and the casino and hotel was good but the handicapped room they gave us was in the west tower and was a real long way away from the front desk and front of hotel , if you love Starbucks there are 3 of them in the hotel , as with any Vegas resort on the weekend the parking can be a major problem the valet parking fills up quickly.
This place recently updated their gaming floor to have a cleaner and upscale look.... . Because of that, the table limits are now starting at $10 on a Monday.. We walked past the pool and the water was a clear and clean blue.. Walked around for a little and they seemed to have a lot of things to do and see: shopping, ride the free tram, Criss Angel, eating places, Starbucks.
Review for casino and Atrium level only:. . I've been to the Luxor many times for shows.  Today I stopped by for the Bodies and Titanic exhibitions on the Atrium level.. . It's easy to get here from the garage.  The area is clean and easy to navigate, and having a food court nearby might be good for some.. . The casino is OK.  They have changed it so much as they've added nightclubs and marketed this property to the younger set.  Still, it's an OK place.
I never click on popup ads but Southwest Airlines Vegas Jackpot deals got me here.. I just needed some sunshine and warmth. For the price, I'm not going to complain. No wireless. Avoid the buffet. The room was nice, stayed clean and I enjoyed the 20th fl view of the Excelsior. Nice to take the internal walkways to the Mirage, The Hotel (Wow!) and the Excelsior.. you won't ever catch me there. The pool was nice and the people watching entertaining.
2.5 It's the lovely Luxor from the outside but a DOT COM BUST inside the hotel rooms. I mean, I love having the cathouse/LAX/casino/starbucks/restaurant/show girls/chapel/pool downstairs but I paid $500 for 1 room (one night stay) and it felt like the 90s!! . . I'm a fiend for caffeine so a Starbucks right outside the elevator was perfect! There's a lingerie-showgirl dancing on a table top to distract gamblers. haha. Also, there's the cat house around the corner along with the gigantic pool area - you get complimentary access to both. . . Coincidentally, Jagged Edge came through LAX same time and I was arms length from them!! Live artists, for free cause I'm a female, at the lounges at the casino are a +++++
Spent some time here. It's cheeseball, but kind of fun. Really diverse crowd led to a lot of random conversations. The light is iconic.
rooms are decent. price is cheap
West Tower Room wonderful...flat screen TV, 2 lit wardrobes, deep soaking tub, and great view of the Excalibur on one side and the pyramid on the other.  No WIFI but wire connection was fast. Staff (especially Aliesha on the check in desk) were friendly and anxious to help.  Major downer...the pool.  NO SHADE (it was 112 degrees when we were there over the 4th July wkend) and they charge $40 for an umbrella, $70 for an umbrella on a chair, and $300 - $400 for a cabana.  How do they get away with charging for shade?? I saw so many families with young children circling for shade and finally having a quick dip and leaving.  And the LOUD hip hop music was terrible.  There were few 20 somethings around the pool...mostly families and 30 plus people so I can only assume the DJs were playing for themselves.  Not relaxing. I've had skin cancer and Ipulled a chair under the shaded corridor to the bathrooms...yuck...but I had no choice. Also, the chairs were very dirty with caked on filth. Titanic Exhibition was amazing!! Well worth the $...and coupons for $5 off were everywhere.  Be sure to try the Deli...Brad cooks up a storm in there. I would return in the future if it were not for the pool situation as I like to read and relax poolside during the day and party and gamble at night.
The Luxor seems to be in a good location. My family chose to stay in the Tower and we have a view of the Pyramid.. . The room is clean and the queen size beds are comfortable. The bathroom has a shower and a tub. That's all I really care about so I guess I'm happy with that.
bon rapport qualite -prix mais hotel un peu vetuste , pas de bouilloire , chambre assez grande et literie tres correcte , salle de douche spartiate , mais parking facile et gratuit et hotel sur le strip bien qu'un peu excentre
This is still a pretty nice Vegas resort for the money.  There is lots to do and the bars and restaurants are pretty good.  I wish they had a larger food court and I rather be closer to the middle of the strip.  My first Vegas trip memory was made here with my friends back in 94 and I can remember friends puking in the hallway and getting drunk in the room (we were broke!)  The service is always pretty good in Vegas unless you are a real A-Hole.  Some of the older rooms still have popcorn ceiling but the newer parts are a little nicer.
I came here this past weekend with my best friend and her college friends. We went to celebrate 3 July birthdays overall and planned to stay here since it looked very nice on the outside. . . Unbeknownst to us, the cell phones had full bars but there was no service in the hotel. The front desk had poor customer service, just to name a couple things on how they lost stars.. . I give them stars for the inclinators (elevators that goup diagonally) because they were a trip, constant room upkeep by cleaning staff and great location to go to and fro on the tram to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay (buffet at the Mandalay was awesome). I would come again if we had a deal with Luxor.
The theme is awesome but the rooms are blah. We've stayed here once or twice and must say that the beds were among the hardest in Vegas. I give the place 3 stars for the prices. Seriously, you can't even find a Motel in Orange County for the price you'd pay for a room here. The place was clean but it was very drab. Not the best place if you're bringing your significant other. For the price, I'd pay just a bit more for the Monte Carlo.. . Cliff's Notes version: this hotel is average and a good value.
The hotel itself is about a 2.5/3 when compared to other Vegas hotels, but when taking into consideration the price we paid it's about a 3.5/4.. . The rooms are good size, the tv and shower head need to be updated but the Egyptian theme and architecture are really nice and it's a unique experience.. . When you compare the quality of the hotel to the price paid for the room it was definitely a good value. Unless my financial situation changed drastically either negatively or positively I'd probably stay here again.. . What made the experience even better was not having to see that douche Crissy Angel anywhere.
Hotel was alright. Considering it was a free stay I can't complain much. The rooms are good size, they had a tv, shower, beds, and everything we needed.. . The pool was also pretty nice. I wish it was a little bigger. Location was good because it was near everything pretty much.
Let me start by saying that I've always wanted to stay here and at The Mirage, both of which I have successfully done since turning 21. This hotel is certainly 3 stars overall. Let me first air my grievances.. . The rooms do not have a safe, which in Vegas is unacceptable because many people carry cash. The rooms are also very arduous to get to, even if you have a room near the elevators. The elevators are extremely slow in every manner, and are located in very inconvenience out-of-the-way places. Also, they don't have wi-fi, just a single Ethernet cord hidden away in the armoire. Secondly, the food options are seemingly random. They have very cheap places to eat in the food court (Nathan's, McDonald's, and a Swanson's) and very expensive restaurants outside of the food court. They really need to offer better happy hour specials, more fixed price menus, and lower prices in general at all of the restaurants, most of which were half empty even on a Saturday night. Slot selection was minimal and spread out extremely randomly throughout the casino floor.. . Now, the pros. It is a gorgeous hotel inside, and the rooms are very nice and clean. We had the cheapest room, the Pyramid Deluxe, and it was very spacious. The pool is also very nice, but was a bit crowded. I don't blame the hotel for this, as they had almost every conceivable empty space filled with lounge chairs. There was also a private event being held in 1/3 of the pool, so that confined the rest of us guests to a smaller area. The water was very clean and refreshing. The buffet is one of the best I've ever been to as well and it is certainly worth the $20 it costs for dinner. I'm sure the breakfast buffet is awesome, but I didn't end up going out for breakfast either morning I was there.. . I paid ~$170 total including resort fees and taxes on the room for Saturday and Sunday night. I think it was just right as far as value, but  I am certainly not staying here again. There are so many nicer hotels on the strip closer to all the fun that I'd rather stay at in the future!
It was fun to stay in a giant pyramid and its a good hotel...seems like one of the more kid friendly Vegas hotels.
Ambiance: Average. Room: Average. Service/Concierge: Average. Parking: free. Location: Average . This was a last minute trip to Vegas so we didn't have much of a choice in terms of choosing hotels. Luxor is on the way south of the strip so I would be apprehensive if you don't like to the ride the bus or take cabs or walk. It is connected via free mono rail to Mandalay Bay (yay!) and Excalibur  (uggh!) We stayed in the pyramid side of the hotel and not the tower which are supposed to be better.  Finding which elevator to take is hard as there some rooms apparently even on the ground floor!! The place is open and gives and airy feel. Now for the rooms due to the shape they are huge and I mean some of the bigger rooms I have seen on the hotels on the strip. Style is showing its age but I guess they go with the theme of this place. You get discounts for dining in and in hotel entertainment. I didn't try the pool on this trip so can't comment there.
It's was really hard for me to rate the Luxor. I'm torn between great experiences and not-so-great experiences. The Luxor is not a bad choice, but there's definitely better hotels out there. Though, few will have room rates as cheap as Luxor.. . My first stay here was fantastic. Rooms were comp'd, check-in was fast, services was friendly and accommodating. The rooms were standard, but clean and fairly nice.. . However, my subsequent stays at the Luxor have never reached that same level of satisfaction. On my last visit, nothing would be comp'd. (This is due more to the new Mlife Player's Club program the casino group runs instead of the Luxor itself). It was also difficult to get rooms close to my friends. The front desk personnel don't have that warm, happy-to-see-you feel that they used to.. . I've only stayed in the Tower Rooms, which are very slightly bigger than Pyramid rooms and are suppose to have newer furniture, fixtures, etc. The rooms are small, yet adequate in size. The plumbing is horrible. Every time I stay here, the sinks always get backed-up. This gets to be pretty nasty.. . The casino is great. Lots of table games and a large selection of slots. They have some pretty good bars. The more upscale Aurora Bar and Liquidity Bar. I preferred the Playbar near the Sportsbook. It's not glamorous, but the bartenders are pretty good and all my drinks are comp'd as long as you drop $20 into one of the video poker machines on the bar counter. Another patron paid for their drink, but was pleased to find that this bar did not add tax to the drinks.. . The buffet is decent the food is not incredible, nor is it horrible. And they have a deal where you pay $32 for the entire day of buffet. This also includes the buffet at Excalibur (if you're looking for a change of scenery) and VIP line access. If you want to spend a bit more, their steakhouse called "Tender" is phenomenal. Some of the best steak I've had in my life. But be prepared to spend around $40-$60 a plate. And for those want late night eats on the cheap, they have the Pyramid Cafe, McDonalds, and Nathan's Hot Dog open 24-hours a day.. . They have the Cathouse and LAX, if you're looking for nightclubs. Cover charges are ridiculous, as are the lines. Either get on the guest list or have a 2-to-1 girl-to-guy ratio. (As one person told me, "the hotter, the better"). . Overall, it's not a bad place to stay. Located near the southern most point of the strip, it's close enough to casino hop to the other casinos. Nice decor overall and some of the cheapest room rates. This place is a good balance between going posh & going cheap.
So we stayed in the towers. We booked 3 rooms and advised them we wanted them to be all next to each other and they said it wouldn't be a problem. So we got to Vegas and did an early check-in only to be told our rooms couldn't be next to each other but the best they could do was to have all the rooms in the same hallway. So we were kind of mad but at least it's something. . . Got to the rooms and hey were nice and clean but the housekeeping sucked. We had to call twice to make to advised them to clean our rooms because they missed one two days in a row (we made sure not to leave the sign outside and were up and out early). . . We did do the 3 exhibits for $59 and those were nice. We did the Titanic, The bodies, and the Shark Reef. I do have to say the Titanic was the best. . . So overall, the stay was okay but I've had better service at Excalibur. So take that for what it's for.
3 stars because of the rates. booked on priceline for 2 nights and the rate was $105...Can't really beat that...however, the lowdown is the lobby and pools are 4-5 stars, but the rooms? wait...let's start with the elevators. rickety, shook while in transport and the found sound of squealing cables made me nervous about safety every time I got into em. the corridors reminded me of the shining and was waiting for the twins or that kid on a tricycle to come zoomin down! The rooms were ok, beds were super comfortable, but nothin to write home about. nothin spectacular...for a few bucks more I would have rather stayed somewhere else.
MGM Resorts International owns a dozen huge properties in Las Vegas:. . Aria, Circus Circus, Luxor, MGM Grand, Monte Carlo, Signature, Four Seasons, Bellagio, Excalibur, Mandalay Bay, Mirage, New York New York, Vdara, and the Mandarin. 13 if you count THE Hotel (really part of Mandalay) separately, like they sometimes do. Then 14 if you count CityCenter, and 15 for CityCenter Residences (timeshares) but then back to 14 because I think they don't own the Mandarin anymore. . . Anyway, a huge corporation, owning half the Strip or more. Their M-Life frequent spender card is good at all the proporties to build freebee points. . . 5 of their properties are linked together on the south end of the Strip, and 3 are prominent: Excalibur, Luxor and Mandalay Bay. These 3 are connected by a free tram system between them. There are also connective walkways between the three.  . . Where Excalibue is more of a family place, and Mandalay Bay is a higher end, more sophsticated place, the Luxor can be described as a place for the youth set. They have exhibits like The Human Body on the mezzanine, and the sophmoric comedy of Carrot Top. . . The nightclub, lacking creative naming capabilities, or seeking a particular Westchester district of Los Angeles crowd, is called LAX. . . And in the casino, they play loud club music all over, so it is hard to hear the numbers called on the Craps table. And most of your fellow players are noobs on the gaming tables, not knowing the rules or the bets.. . The rooms are average hotel rooms. The most unusual thing is of course the Pyramid Shape, the huge light beam shining into the dark nigth from the top of it, and the diagonally moving elevators. It is a clever idea, until you get inside one drunk and try to stand upright as it moves sort of sideways. . . The Egyption  themed decor great outside with the Sphinx and Obelisk, but indoors it is drab, like being inside a dustry tomb in some places (like the buffet room). The pool has a huge waterfall contraption in the middle, but you can't use it for a slide, just a small waterfall. . . So if this is your first time to Vegas, and if you are in the 21-29 age group, this isn't a bad choice. They offer cheap deals on rooms, and I got a special show rate of about $60, and in the past got internet deals under $100 a night even on a weekend. But no bath, only a shower in the Pyramid rooms. You are probably better off room wise, in the separate tower.
Dear Luxor,. . I want to like you. I mean, come on, you're a giant pyramid. However the 45 minute check-in line on a week day (not exaggerating) and the ten minute check-in process that made the line make more sense (still serious) was painful. . . What's even more painful? Being on the same side of the hotel as the pool -- that means being forced to listen to a very loud and proud rendition of Bruno Mars and every other top 40's hit at 8 a.m.. Sometimes your guests want to sleep in. Sometimes they don't want to be barraged with bad pop music until 10 o'clock. . . That brings me to my next point... the pool and hot tub are only open till 8. (Everyone told me all things in Vegas are 24 hours, your pool doesn't even stay up as late as my grandparents.) And your work out room closes at 7?. . I want to like you, Luxor, I really do. You can start right now by turning down the music and restarting it in an hour with something sexier like Portishead or Goldfrapp. Please and thank you.. . Yours,. . Naomi
I was happy with this hotel as I knew it wasn't going to be amazing. We came in for a friends wedding, which is the main reason we chose this location. Mandalay was a bit too pricey and this was attached so not a bad deal.. . The line was long, but a really nice front desk lady named Marilyn helped us out. She saw we had a wheel chair and brought us over to the VIP services area. Check in took minutes and she made sure we were in the towers, and near the workout facility. She was the best front desk worker I've ever dealt with in Vegas. She deserves 5 stars. . . It does take a while to get to the tower rooms, but wow, it was worth it. Normal elevators, and a pretty quiet area. The room was spacious and updated. Two beds, a nice flat screen TV, chair and a view of the pool. Nice.  It was very clean, so I was happy about that. . . The hotel is a little confusing when trying to get around downstairs, but nice enough.  Checkout was pretty decent too, and they let me check our bags until it was time to leave. . . The connection to the Mandalay Bay has some nice shops and cool things to do including restaurants. . . I would definitely stay there again if I could get a tower room.
Definitely the coolest looking hotel! I love the decor but the bars and casino were not as fun as other places on the strip!
I was surprised to see that the standard rooms are, well standard hotel rooms. Guess I was expecting an Egyptian motif instead. Basic no frills room, could use a little update. I stayed in the tower and the only cool thing about that is due to the pyramid shape they actually use inclinators rather then elevators. I was told the difference is an elevator goes straight up and down while the inclinator goes at an angle. It's kinda cool since it's such a mild angle but still something you can definitely feel. Bottom line, at the end of the strip, nothing special. Disappointing if you're expecting the hotel theme to be carried thru from lobby to rooms.
I have stayedin the Suite and also the regular room on two separate occasions. The suite was pretty good but the regular room was a tad small. Both have pretty old fashion deco with lotsa dark wood.. . I didn't care much for the beds or pillows. Kinda clumpy and the comforter was pretty dismal. . . But I got to say, everyone that we have dealt with, be it concierge reception desk or just floor staff has been really helpful and gracious. I doubt I would stay in their rooms but would definitely gamble there~
Price wise, it was cheap!. . So I got nothing to complain :). . Wait, maybe just one or two .... . Parking situation was bad. Walked a long distance from the self parking to the room.... . The hotel is located at the end of the strip...
We Came to the here on our casino walk. We played a couple of slots and took quiet a few pictures of the world famous beam of light and was fairly impressed with how well themed the place was. No, I did not see Cris Angel.
I was expecting a little more from Luxor. Personally I feel the rooms are overpriced because it is a themed hotel, but the rooms (at least the ones in the tower) are lacking that theme. A picture in the bathroom and a few plastic pieces added to the entry light do not cut it. . . As others pointed out, there are many worn out parts to the decor. . . Would I stay there again? Only if I was given a killer deal.
For a strip hotel this was quite alright. Enjoyed the casino, well kept and clean. food in the hotel wasn't much variety to choose from and some of the staff was a little rude and didn't have to be a debbie downer. At eveningcall ( a liquor slushy place), my friend and I grabbed drinks. My friend made sure for them to put no extra shot in his cup. By the time he paid, 2 bucks ( honestly wasn't much ) was added on because of an extra shot. HERE was the unnecessary part, she didnt have to say " oh ummm im sorry ill just take it off. dont worry, I'll pay for it." but the tone was the irritated, 'wtf', tone. Not our fault you were talking about some celebrity with your co-worker and ignored your customers request. Kind of irritated our moment, but its VEGAS!!!!! gotta stay positive.....but kick it up a notch luxor.
I'd shied away from Luxor because of things (mostly bad) I'd heard on Yelp and other Vegas travel sites. Maybe that's why I didn't mind staying here - my bar had been set pretty low.. . All things considered, the Luxor scored well on many counts. The rooms were comfortable and clean, and the front desk put my friend and I in adjoining rooms without a peep. When it came time to check out, I waited in the line for...wait for it...a grand total of 30 seconds. Seriously, I've waited longer at Bellagio and Aria.. . If you're looking for a place to stay on the South end of the Strip, and you get a deal at Luxor (we got $85/nt, before resort tax, on a huge fight weekend that was also the weekend of 11/11/11), go ahead and give it a whirl. But be forewarned - you're unlikely to get much farther up the strip than NYNY unless you take a cab to get there.
This is the shit! looks like shit!!! oh yeah!!!
Being on either side of the Las Vegas "Strip" usually means being knocked into archaic or boring (think Sahara and Circus Circus). Luckily, Luxor still has enough class in it to make it relevant in this bustling town of new dreams and fading glories.. . DECO/DESIGN: 3 stars. . Like most of Vegas, this place isn't much to look at during the day. The crust of paved walkways and gawky Egyptian facades fill the day light. However, once the night settles in, all that is left is a pyramid etched from black glass, smooth and reflective of the calm before the storm. Indeed, with light escalated into the heavens, this is one of the most iconic attractions on the Strip.. . The interior is fairly impressive. At this time of the year, the second floor is mired with large quantities of construction and overhaul. The place should look impressive once again once they finish all the building. However, in the area that holds remnants of the Titanic, anatomical bodies, and "comedy" (does anyone find Carrot Top funny?), the place is still a sight to behold. A hotel that actually contorts to the shape of a pyramid? Still impressive to see from the inside.. . The bottom floor is where the casino lies and it is expansive. Although showing its age on the outskirts of the main floor, the place still buzzes with patrons. The music from various live bands play in swells in the background, and the lighting is never too harsh. However, the grand ancient sculptures at the entrance and obelisks all around the interior is a oxymoronic way of reminding you of both the theme, and the age of this casino & hotel.. . CLUB SCENE/PEOPLE: 4 stars. . With the introduction and growing popularity of LAX (the nightclub), it's easy to see lots of eye candy fill this place once the night gets late enough. With beautiful people pouring out from the desert and into this pyramid, the place transitions from the older crowd/tourists in the morning-afternoon to young and restless at night.. . ROOMS: 2 stars. . Although the modern marvel that is Luxor is amazing to behold, the consequences are also obvious. The rooms are musky, never taking out the stench of smoke and use. They aren't as lavish as some of the newer hotels, and with each level being just over the busy casino floor, staying in the lower floors can definitely attribute to insomnia from noise.. . CONCLUSION. . Luxor is one of those casinos that are better to meander through, and gamble for an hour, or to come to club. As far as staying as a hotel guest, it might be better to search for other options. The slots are loose compared to some of the higher end casinos (Palazzo, Venetian), but you quickly grow weary of the casino floor after an hour or two. Come here to play, but not to stay.
I'd give the rooms two stars and the rest of the place four stars -- so it's a pretty easy average.. . I went out in December to do some writing and spend time with my family. The writing part of that involved driving from the east coast. I drove from Florence, SC to Birmingham to Dallas to Albuquerque to Vegas and finished the trip in less than a week, to give you an idea of how tired I was when I arrived.. . I was totally dazzled by the hotel; it was my first time in Vegas. Parking was easy and ample. The people at the front desk made check-in quick and I was soon in my room. It was unimpressive. Other than looking out at Vegas (through the rain) and vague Egyptian details, I really could have been anywhere. . . The novelty of sleeping in a pyramid was neat. The rest was just okay.. . Once I talked to my now-husband and had a bite to eat, I passed out until 10pm. When I woke up, I cruised down and checked out the Casino and people watched a bit. It was neat. I wasn't dazzled by the Casino, but the vendors were funny and The Body exhibit was showing. Thing is, I'd already caught that (pretty great) exhibit in Albuquerque. . . Still, it was there.. . So it was neat. It was new. If I'd been to Vegas before I'd have been less amused. I only spent about $40 for the room during the holiday season, so I was pleased with the value. It was a short walk to everything and yeah, I'd stay over again.
didn't stay here but played some slots here.  I liked this place.  It was open and not too smokey which is a big plus for me. There was nothing memorable about this place, but sometimes that is okay.  Some times the memorable is a negative for me, and this place really did not have a negative as far as the casino was concerned.  I also like how the excalibur, luxor and mandalay bay are all connected, so you can travel quite a bit without stepping outside on days that the weather isn't quite being friendly.
The hotel here is aiight... just alright.  I've had better.. . The only reason we come here is for the LAX nighclub.
I still miss the Egyptian pyramid theme...when I first came here in 1999, this place was brand spanking new and the whole theme of this place was Egyptian and sphinxes and it was entirely in your face.  Now, this place has diversified into the standard Vegas casino with lounges, bars, Starbucks, and the lot.  . . The place isn't super big so it's easy to navigate around.  One thing I noticed was that they had West Tower and East Tower rooms in here and the signage at the bottom of the elevator nor the property map give any sort of information about the room number ranges.. . The parking here was pretty good. It's outdoors but not too far from a casino entrance.  The room itself was on the small side.  Our room literally was parked right over the Luxor/Excalibur walkway.  So every time we left the room for two days, we saw a picture of Carrot Top with his crotch aimed at our face!  Ugghhh.... . Gambling wise, Luxor is a nicer atmosphere than Excalibur with slightly higher limits.  You won't find a $5 BJ or roulette or a $10 Pai Gow table here usually.  Go to Excalibur for that.  Otherwise, it's a nice middle of the road option between Mandalay and Excalibur.
I have always been a fan of the Luxor.  Stayed here many times in the past but it has been about 7 years since my last stay.  We were in town for the Las Vegas Marathon at the Mandalay Bay and the Luxor had the best price.. . Unfortunately, as others have said, the Luxor is starting to show its age.  They haven't done a good job keeping it up and the carpet is looking thrashed, the paneling was coming off in the elevators, and the rooms still have box TV's.  The bathrooms look like they had new tile put in, but it's looks cheaply done.  . . Although it hasn't reached the ghettoness of the Imperial Palace, but I swear a spit came flying off one of the upper balconies while I was sitting near the Titanic Exhibit.  That's just nasty.. . Other than that, the rooms are spacious for what you pay for and the beds are pretty comfortable.  If you are just looking for a crash pad, the Luxor will fit the bill.. . Oh, and one more thing, no coffee makers in the room.  So have fun waiting 15 minutes and paying $3.00 for a cup of coffee at one of the Starbucks in the Casino.
I've always wanted to stay at the Luxor just because it looks so cool.  The room was decent, and the view from the hallway into the casino was pretty cool.  I ate at the little sandwich shop in the corner, which was just okay and the buffet was pretty weak.. . The table games were a bit expensive (I know it's the strip, but the Luxor's seems a bit divey relative to all the newer places).  The sports book isn't too great either.  The seats aren't great and other than the three big televisions, all the screens are too small to really watch a game.. . Having said all this, it was pretty cheap and definitely better than the lower end places on the strip and anything downtown).
We started our weekend at the Luxor with a major negative. After checking in, we lugged all our suitcases and bags all the way through the Luxor, up the elevator and then nearly all the way around the pyramid only to find out that our assigned room already belonged to someone. There were clothes strewn about the room and everything! Major fail!. . However, upon learning about their error, the hotel staff upgraded us to a suite without further question. The suite was great. We had a jacuzzi tub in our room and an extra living room, which gave us the much needed space to spread out our stuff. The room was clean and comfortable and even had a mini fridge.. . One downside we quickly found about staying at the Luxor is the elevator system. Elevators are located at each of the points of the pyramid base but only go to a specific group of floors, often leading to a lot of extra walking. The elevators are also shaky, not sure if this is caused by age of the angle that the elevators travel at as it climbs the side of the pyramid.. . The location at the end of The Strip also makes it difficult to get around. Next time I'll prefer to stay somewhere more central. But at least now I can say that I've satisfied my 10-year-old curiosity of what it would be like to stay in the giant pyramid.
I have stayed here several times. It is located on the south end of the strip. It has an egyptian theme. . . The check-in process is very painful. It takes forever. front desk was friendly and switched us to an upgraded room for our anniversary. . . The rooms are ok. We stayed in the towers and pyramid rooms. I liked the pyramid rooms much better. The rooms are clean and decorated pretty neutral. . . The casino is ok, nothing special. The dealers are pretty stoic, not real friendly. . . There are plenty of restaurants to choose from. None that really stand out in my mind. . . You can sometimes get a good deal on rooms. This place is nothing special and the location makes it a real pain.
Casino is nice. Restaurants are insanely overpriced, so we just didn't eat there. Rooms are older, but clean. The elevators are awful, don't forget anything in a room, because a "quick trip" to the room isn't going to happen.   On a good note, the staff is very friendly and the express check out is awesome, it took about 30 seconds to check out.
This hotel was ok. Nothing tremendously special, but not skeevy and gross, either.. . I try to stay at a different hotel every time I visit Las Vegas, and so when the opportunity came up to stay here at a super huge discount, I was totally on board.. . This is for our room that we had in one of the towers. I think I would rather have stayed in the pyramid itself, but a room is a room, and I can't imagine the experience would have been all that different.. . Check in: took way longer than necessary. We got player club cards after the guy at the desk erroneously told us that our current ones expired after a year (not true. the cards never expire, however the points do!). . . We trundle over to the back corner and find the elevators. They are decorated to look like walls of an Egyptian ruins. Loved the little details. . . The room itself? Nothing special. Two boring double beds in a room that had some cheap, mass produced Egyptian-themed prints and framed art. The bathroom had a separate shower & bath, and a fairly well-lit mirror. However, I hate when the vanity/sink area is in the same room as the toilet & shower. It seems like such a small thing, but it makes such a huge difference if you're splitting a room. . . Wifi? Get real. They charge you a $16/day "resort fee" which includes internet, but they can't seem to do any better than to supply a long, ridiculous ethernet cord coming out from the armoire. Seriously? Is it still 2003?. . All in all, it's an ok hotel, but only ok. I think the location at the end of the strip is a bit detrimental if you prefer to walk around all day like I do, and there really isn't anything truly exceptional about the hotel to win out over more centrally located casino/hotels. I wouldn't die if I had to stay here again, but I would probably prefer to stay somewhere that had more convenience and/or nicer rooms.
I have mixed feelings about this hotel. I like it because it's not a complete dump, you don't have to leave the hotel to party at a decent club, the casino is fun, and there are plenty of restaurants to choose from. I don't like that its at the end of the strip and the hotel rooms need some updating. It's not my first choice when staying in Las Vegas but definitely not my last choice.
The view from the tile floor is very nice.  When you barf in the lobby, you gain a new perspective!  A grand entrance upon check-in no less!   Mind you --- not from alcohol, it was food poisoning during the drive from LA to Vegas!  Yuck!  PS.  Thank you to the housekeeping staff!. . LOBBY -- Line was long at check-in, but lots of hotel agents...15 or so...so the line moved nicely.  The lobby gives good central access to the casino, restaurants, bars, gift shops, and a Starbucks.. . MY ROOM -- Nice decor, egyptian themed, clean, and very comfortable.  Flat-screen TV, and lots of pillows.  The resort fee is a very moderate $15/night.  This will get you the wifi included in your room.  One note, no wireless as of 12/18/2011!  Really?  I had to plug my laptop into a short CAT5 cable...no good.  . . While I can appreciate AC/DC's "Back In Black" or Def Leppard's "Pour Some Sugar on Me", it was Neil Diamond's "Comingto America" that kept me from sleeping.  The music blasts from the lobby and thru the casino, and with the way the rooms are situated, the room's door faces the lobby.  Turn it down, Man!  I'm trying to get some sleep!. . RESTAURANTS/FOOD CHOICES. --- Pyramid Cafe - a decent little spot.  A good alternative to the buffet.  Really nice service.. --- More Buffet - Eh.  A huge place in the basement floor, with 2-4x duplicated items, so the selection is one of the least of any buffets.  More is less!. --- T&T (Tacos & Tequila) Cantina - By far, this is the coolest and best experience offered here.  I didn't get a chance to eat here, and feel like I missed out.  Next time in Vegas, it's on my list to dine at.  Not only beautifully designed, but they had one of the best mariachi bands I've ever heard.. --- Backstage Deli - Didn't have the opportunity to eat here, but I was very surprised at the ridiculously inexpensively priced menu.  Great for a budget! . --- Tender Steakhouse - Didn't try this place, but it has absolutely no energy.  Not busy at all, even on a Friday or Saturday night.. --- Blizz - great self-serve/weigh frozen yogurt place.  They also have crepes, both breakfast types and savory -- and it looked great.  Super cute and nice girls.. . BARS. --- Liquidity, a new bar that opened within the last couple of years, was nearly empty on both Friday and Saturday night.  I believe something wasn't working with the normally cool wall-of-water backdrop on the bar.  It wasn't fully lit, and boring compared to when I first saw it during it's opening 2 years back.. --- Aurora, is connected and opens to the lobby.  Eh.  Nothing special.. . CLUBS. --- LAX -- Apparently this is 95% of why people come to the hotel that aren't already guests.  The place, the line-up, the buzzing amount of 20-somethings was quite crazy.  I didn't go, but it seemed nutty to get in.. --- Cathouse, looked very cool, an ultra-seductive lounge.  Didn't go in, but I think this may be worthy to check out..  . SHOWS/EXHIBITS. --- Criss Angel Believe - Saw this show about 2 years ago.  Then, it started off very slow for the first 30 mins, and then took off and was off-the-hook.  Totally recommend.. --- Bodies, is disgusting, but very worthy if you can stomach it.  After, you will become a vegetarian.  Does it also have to share a wall with the T&T mexican cantina?. . VALET/OTHER -- Stay away from the valet, including check-in, at 6pm-ish, and expect a long wait from 10p-12p.  It's near impossible for the process to take less than 30 mins.  For pickup, they use an automated ticket system...and it's pretty efficient.. . SUMMARY -- I think you have to get a real good deal to stay here and be okay with it.  Personally, I would chose somewhere else to stay if at all possible.
While my party and I didn't actually stay at Luxor, we still felt that it being a bit of a landmark, so-to-speak, we couldn't miss out on it. . While the outside of this place is cool and mysterious with the beam of white light shooting towards the heavens and the sphinx out front looking stoic and wise, the inside seemed a bit.. I don't know.. kind of lackluster. Kind of a let down from what you see on the outside to walk in and there be just a bunch of empty space. . But, we gambled here for about an hour, had a couple of drinks at the bar, and we did enjoy our time here. There are Egytian themed accents all throughout the casino and surrounding attractions, however, I think they could have done A LOT more with all that space. Maybe add more casino space or more hotel rooms? I don't know, but it seemed like all that open air space above the casino ceiling would just be a waste of energy. . All in all, from a visitors point of view, Luxor is a cool place to gawk at from the outside, and good spot to gamble at for about an hour, but based on the reviews I've seen, not the best decision for an actual hotel stay.
DO NOT STAY IN PYRAMID!!!  The rooms are disgusting compared to the tower rooms.. Upon arrival we checked in rather painlessly (it was a bit hectic w/ tons of people but there were many employees checking people in so it went quickly)  . . Once we got to our room in the pyramid we found it had 2 queen beds when we reserved 1 king. The room was also extremely dark & dingy even w/ all the lights on and very musty. The television was probably made in 1980 and the remote didn't even work.  We called the front desk and let them know the error of the 2 queens vs. 1 king and they offered us a room in the tower which we gladly accepted.  . . A few minutes later a rude employee showed up at our room to show us to our new tower room.  On the walk there, he was practically running and my husband and I struggled to keep up w/ him and our bags without breaking into a jog.  Once we got to the new room we took our bags and said "thanks".  The guy stood there expecting us to TIP him for showing us to our new room which was THEIR mistake!! I was appalled! If anything, he should've apologized again on behalf of the Luxor for the room mix up but instead he stood there like an idiot expecting us to give him money.  What a joke.  When we said "thanks have a good night" again he stormed out of there muttering loud enough for us to hear him.  What a douche of an employee...he must not realize he represents well-known resort in Las Vegas.  Anyways, our stay after that was fine and we didn't have any more issues.  The tower room was lavish compared to the pyramid room. Huge flat screen TV, bright lighting, new furniture. It was night/day difference from our first room. . . The pool was ridiculously crowded at all times of the day.  There were almost NO lawn chairs available, mostly because they had 1/2 of the pool closed off for no apparent reason.  If the other 1/2 had been open, i don't think it would've been too crowded.  To many lifeguards must've called in sick to work.
The pyramid building is cool. The rooms are okay - not big, not too small. I don't have anything to complain about, even though the alarm went off in the middle of the night. Nothing wowed me in the hotel, either. It's just A-OK.
The transition to the "Sin City" theme this casino hotel has gone through over the years has definitely been for the better. However:. . - I tried to check in around 9am because I was there early, and for the first time ever was told there was an "early check-in fee". - There is also the disingenuous, mandatory "resort fee" added to every bill. - Which was also irritating because it said that included the Internet, but there was no wireless Internet, only a cable/wired connection, and of course it didn't work in my room. - The "down" button for the elevator didn't work for my entire visit (there was another one, but just another symptom of general under-maintenance) . . Other than that it was ok, and the parking is pretty good, and generally you can get a pretty good rate here for a pretty decent room. The connected walkway to Mandalay Bay is a plus as well.
Stayed 1/27/2012 for 3 nights.. . My First review.  Here we go... . Let's just say you could do worse.  The hotel is ageing.  Check in was a snap, quick, easy no line. The staff was nice enough.  There was the disingenuous "Resort Fee".  the inclinators looked like someone took a hammer to them.  Dented, scratched and dirty.  We stayed in the pyramid, seventh floor, room 7013 The reason I say that is the bass from the club vibrated the room so bad that we couldn't sleep. Club stops at 4am.  I would recommend staying in the Tower or the higher floors.   The room was only fair,  When we walked in, it smelled like someone had just smoked a bowl and I mean just.  Started eye'n the maids a bit more closely after that.  There was mold on the ceiling of the shower and the windows were filthy but the beds were clean and comfortable.   Good for the price but won't say there again.
Not much to say here, but let's just say this is the best bang for your buck. $60/night for a two double bed room. Usually when I come to Vegas, a few friends and I come on a Thursday night and stay in a cheap hotel. Then Friday when the rest of our friends come, we move into the lap of luxury.. . Luxor used to be a popular hotel. I remember when I used to come to Vegas with my parents as a kid, it was just being built, and I always wanted to stay in a room with a slanted wall. Vegas has changed a lot over the past few decades, and Luxor is no longer considered a luxurious hotel. It seems as if the newer hotels on the strip are always trying to top one another in architecture, decor, and luxury. And yes, they are doing a good job.. . If you want to do Vegas cheap, Luxor is a good choice for a decent hotel.
This place isn't bad. It could certainly be worse. I stayed twice. The first time they tried to stick me in the tower after I booked a pyramid room. I threw a, minor, fit and they let me have my pyramid room. I don't stay at the Luxor to stay in a god damn regular building. The second time I booked a room with a jacuzzi and that room was fantastic. It was enormous and well furnished and all around fantastic. Aside from the mold all over the bathroom; could've done without that. . The pool area is nice when it's open. The pools are cold, plenty of chairs to go around, and sloppy girls in bikinis showing their boobs to the world with champagne and strawberries. That's about all you can ask for from a hotel in Vegas.. The spa is really nice too. I spent an entire day there and saw almost no one else. They have a really nice wooden sauna, a eucalyptus steam, and a gigantic hot tub with some waterfall nonsense happening. Plus, free cocoa and apples. Cmon!
The Luxor was ok for the price and I was stoked I had a flat screen in my room (the csr over the phone had told me the room had a old school tv) but it was WAAY to far from the strip. Looking at it from a distance it looks so close to the MGM Grand (the closest monorail drop off to Luxor) but HELL no it isn't! It took me about 45 minutes to walk back to the Luxor from the monorail drop off. For that reason alone I don't think I'll stay there again..
To be honest this place wasn't awful but just not what I expected. To me the Luxor is a Vegas classic like the MGM or Caesars, you know people know this hotel and it's part of the heart of the Vegas strip. So with that in mind I did have sorta/kinda high expectations.  When we arrived at 1am, the line to check in was like a Disneyland ride line. Luckily I had a drink bought for me and the line actually moved. I was excited to stay in the pyramid part of the hotel because I thought it would be fun but obviously it's the part of the hotel that hadn't been renovated; which explains why the tower rooms are more expensive because when I got a chance to up to one of those rooms (which I wont say how because what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas) those rooms are so much nicer! It wasn't gross and old like some off the strip hotel but it wasn't as luxurious as I pictured it to be AND, this is an important and, the bathroom toilet in our room hadn't been cleaned and we had to have someone come up and clean it. Which set the tone for housekeeping for the rest of the weekend, they really didn't clean.  Also the toilet was extremely low flow, it couldn't flush down toilet paper! But the staff that I had interacted with was very friendly, surprisingly so for the amount of people that were staying at the hotel and no doubt the amount of rude people I'm sure they had to deal with.. . We really stayed here for the Bodies exhibit, which was amazing! I can't even describe this exhibit you just have to see it for yourself. We ended up buying a ticket package for $54 that was for three exhibits, so on top the Bodies exhibit we saw Titanic and the Reef at Mandalay.  The Titanic exhibit was wayyyyy better then I expected it to be; it was so captivating and entertaining.  My thoughts on the The Reef at Mandalay are a little skewed since I didn't sleep the night before, so I was dead tired, maybe a little drunk still and heading towards a hang over; and there were way more kids there then made it worth it.. . The price for the rooms will get me to stay here again.
It's an old hotel at the end of the strip.  It's also cheap!  And clean.  I mean, you don't spend much time in your room anyway, so save your money for the gambling and stay on the cheap.  The dining and shopping experience isn't as nice as some of the others hotels, but again, it's cheap!
I've always wanted to stay at the Luxor so was glad to finally have the chance, and would certainly do so again in future.. . We originally booked a Pyramid Room, and was upgraded to a room in one of the Towers. Though I would have loved to have stayed in the Pyramid itself, a King size bed was much more enticing.. . Our room was clean and large (Hello two wardrobes with lights? I like!), the shower and the bath tub being separate to one another was a bit odd, but whatever. The bed itself was amazingly comfortable. I'm usually not a fan of hotel beds, but plenty of soft pillows, comfortable mattress and clean bedding.. . The resort fee? Lame. If you're going to charge me extra, how about having WiFi? For all the marketing around the hotel encouraging you to Check in on Foursquare or get social with the Luxor, providing WiFi to your paying guests seems like a no brainer.. . We did receive 2 free drink coupons for each night we were staying at the hotel, so the additional resort fee wasn't that big of a deal as we got 6 drinks out of it. Heads up if you're expecting the included newspaper to arrive in the morning at your room - it doesn't, you need to pick it up in a store near the check-in. . . Also, if you're craving coffee in the morning, you'll just have to suck up the additional cost Starbucks charges in the hotel, the prices are jacked up, but to be expected.. . Cons: . . - End of the strip. - Mandatory resort fee. - No WiFi. - No coffee maker in your room. - Worst buffet. - Pool isn't open very late (closed at 6pm while we were there).  . Pros:. . - Dude. Ancient Egyptian theme. Sweet!. - Pretty inexpensive for Vegas. - Titanic Exhibit. Surprisingly very good. Was expecting something super cheesy but it was very well put together and curated.. - Easy connections to the Excalibur and Mandalay Bay. - Possible Criss Angel spottings makes for much hilarity. . . Overall, we enjoyed our stay. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Our check-in was pretty quick (we arrived 11pm on a Friday night), quick check out and clean, comfortable room. I'd stay again for sure, but probably won't for some time as I like to try out different hotels when in Vegas.
I don't know if you can beat the price and location. It's not as bad as the Tropicana in terms of smell and just being outdated. I loved the price and they have really great service. I honestly think what I love the most is that it's so close to the Mandalay Bay and the Burger Bar is just a couple of minutes away.. . Plus, if you are kind of geeky you might enjoy the Egyptian decor.
Kind of confusing on the inside, some of the rooms are bland, some are quite unique.
The shape of the hotel is cool, the workers are nice and it's not expensive. I did not like how it was a far walk from the elevator to the room. The hotel is old so it has a weird smell to it, even the towels had a weird smell.
You get what you pay for. It took us an hour to check in and parking was kind of a pain. They upgraded us to a suite for free though! Bathrooms aren't well lit and the suite layout is kind of weird...it's like an L shaped and there's a wall between the living room and the bedroom.. . Parking is a pain in the a**. . The escalator is kind of scary due to the sideways movement...and they're actually really ugly. . . To be fair, i haven't really walked around the luxor much... every time I've stayed here we've arrived late and left the day of so maybe next time i'll explore more.
Be honest. You know you want to check out the giant pyramid! Let the overgrown kid in you loose and go in, take a look. The people working the valet parking IMHO are some of the nicest valets I've used in Vegas. When you step inside remember you're in Vegas and it's OK to gawk and look around and especially look up. Yes, it's cool. Yes those are hotel rooms up there. And the elevators you take to get to those rooms are cool in their own right. But whatever you do, don't look down. The carpet like a lot of stuff in the Luxor could use a refresh. And no if you take the elevator up you can't get to the megabeam of light at the very tip of the pyramid. You can't even get close, go outside and just look up instead and save yourself the time. . . I've never checked out the clubs as I'm not one of the cool kids anymore, but I just liked the overall feel of the Luxor. When I had an issue with my MGM Rewards card the staff took care of it fast. I also liked the feel of their casino better than Mandalay...I stayed longer and played more at the Luxor. . . The hotel rooms need a refresh...they are barely a cut above being at a Days Inn or Motel 6, and the rooms I've been in needed some work. You might be better off looking elsewhere for a room unless you really want to say you stayed in a giant pyramid. . . I definitely recommend checking out the Shoppes at Mandalay Place which connects the Luxor to Mandalay Bay. But that's another review (The sock store is AWESOME though) for another time. . . One Tip: Thinking of seeing Criss Angel: Believe? Please look up the reviews for it before you do. Not all things by Cirque du Soleil are golden tickets. . . 3 Stars: Valet Parking is always top notch and helpful. 1 Star for service, 1 star because it's a giant freaking pyramid and it's just cool in it's own right.
I experienced much of what has been written about The Luxor, so I won't repeat what everyone else has already said. Let me just add a few things:. . - The Luxor has NO wifi. So, if you have a Ipad or other tablet, you won't get any internet service. That sucked!  Mandalay Bay does have free wifi so walk thru the hotels and get access to their service.  . . - I tried three restaurants at The Luxor and they all were TERRIBLE. Eat elsewhere!!. . - While I stayed in the West Tower and not the Pyramid (thanks, Luxor, for the upgrade -much appreciated), the walls are thin so you can hear everything said. Also, there are doors between rooms, so I heard LOTS. . . If I have to go to Vegas again, I will try to splurge and stay at Mandalay Bay, Caesars and one day, the Bellagio!
Company paid for a week's stay here.  Cheap hotel compared to others in Vegas.  I had heard the towers have better rooms than the pyramid, so I requested.  Room was really quite nice for the price, clean and looked renovated. Much better than pyramid rooms.  Not a fancy hotel in any way, but nice pool and general food court and shoppes.  Good place to stay on a budget without feeling slighted.
moderately-priced hotel on the strip with decent accomodations. don't expect anything fancy or for the staff to bend over backwards for you. it just won't happen.. . overall, good experience if you want somewhere basic to stay. they have a decent casino. not a great pool and location is a bit far from the middle of the strip.. . probably won't return unless my friends are broke (again).
There are already 1000+ reviews of Luxor, so I'll just sum it up.  You get what you pay for and you shouldn't pay much for the Luxor.  If they want more than $100/night, stay somewhere else.  The hotel is in need of a major refurb but it's fairly clean.  Biggest problem was that the rooms were far from the elevators and the elevators are slow.  Allow 15 minutes to get from your room to the casino.
I do love the architecture and interior design, but idk, it's kinda dark and depressing, and not up to date with alot of stuff. My room was kinda crappy and did not have a flat screen like in the picture. Also the pool is less than mediocre.
I stayed here for a night last week and it should be noted I am giving the three stars to the room I had in the newer towers, not the pyramid. Upon check in I was helped by a manager and he upgraded my room since I was staying only one night. He was courteous, professional and he made check in hassle free (plus the upgrade was a bonus). The room was very clean and the bed was comfortable, but it still looked pretty worn down for being the "newer" portion of the hotel.. . I wasn't crazy about the pool. It seemed dirty, the lounge chairs were cheap, and where were the drink servers? The location on the Strip wasn't the best either since it is so far south. Another annoying aspect of this hotel was the various employees trying to stop you to offer you "free" things. Don't BS me, I'm on vacation, stop trying to get me to sign up or buy stuff. The Cathouse inside of Luxor is a pretty cool bar though and we enjoyed a great Yelp event there!. . It was the first and last time I'll stay at Luxor. It wasn't the worst hotel I've stayed at in Vegas, but it wasn't that good either. I was considering a 2 star rating, but the room was clean and the bed was comfy and those are the two most important things when staying at a hotel for me, so 3 stars it is!
Our room in the pyramid was cheap and relatively clean (the windows were greasy with handprints) and the view was decent. On the other hand, the casino and the rest of the hotel had a run-down/past its prime feeling to it, really wish I stayed here when the place first opened, remember it being much more impressive. The service overall sucks, the waitresses barely come by with drinks while you're gambling and most of them look like Filipino crackwhores and couldn't give two shits about customer service. The buffet was eh, nothing special. . By far the worst thing about the Luxor would have to be the ultra-aggressive timeshare people down in the casino. Other reviews on this page mention them, and now I have to as well because everything you read about them is not exaggerated--they are posted everywhere, will stalk you across the floor and not let up no matter what you do short of threatening to kill them. . I spent most of my time over at the Mandalay Bay where the waitresses looked much better and actually did their jobs. . To sum this review up, stay here if you want a cheap place to stay and don't mind the social shortcomings of the help.
This is for the Casino only! . The machines are nicely maintained and the dealers are nice and knowledgeable , but the payout is generally not that good. Its a nice sized casino too, but could have a better penny slots section.
Super long lines for check in (3+ hours) but we got a free upgrade. Room was nice. . . Neighbors were pretty noisy even though were were supposed to be in a quiet area. . . Anyway, the hotel/resort is pretty fun, and of avg price. We actually stayed because the room was the cheapest one we found on the strip of Vegas (like 40 bucks!). Good place to stay.
Review is just for hotel. This casino isn't bad at all. I do like the how it's different than most casinos, it's like a video arcade for adults. You would think it's a video arcade. It's connected to the Excalibur by a long walkway aka many flat escalators to make the walk faster. There is also trams to the Mandalay Bay if you don't wanna walk. The structure seems nice if you're staying there. You can ppl watch as your going to your room.
Luxor is a nice hotel, LAX nightclub is usually rocking, but Luxor seems to be catering to the older crowd. Criss angel and carrot are average, carrot being the better of the two by far, but not many young people venture here, being all the way at the end of the strip.. . The room rates are fantastic, doesn't get much better on the strip, casino is fairly big, but gets overshadowed by casinos such as Caesars, MGM or Wynn. Mandalay is right next door, and is also a very nice hotel, and luxurious.. . If you are looking for a more trendy, young, busy crowd, head to hard rock, Caesars, or Wynn. If you aren't looking for a particular place and just want to gamble, lay low and not pay as much for your room, this is a great place.
I thought the Luxor was a nice hotel. The room rates are awesome, we got a suite for two nights for about $550, can't really find that anywhere else on the strip. The room came with two queen beds, a jacuzzi, one bathroom, two flatscreens (one in the bedroom/the other in the living room), and a separate room with couches. It's not at the most convenient location on the strip since it's at the southern end, but as long as its on the strip I'm happy! . . I thought the elevators were really interesting, since they travel along the slanted  sides of the pyramid. We all felt a little distorted the first time riding up to our room. Our room was facing excalibur and a few other hotels, it was a pretty nice view. . . I think if you're looking for a newer more trendy hotel, the Luxor wouldn't be a good choice for you. But if you're looking for a more reasonably priced comfortable stay, I think Luxor does the job! Not to mention that their club -- LAX gets pretty poppin', and its really easy to find a promoter to get your crowd in for free (assuming you have an equal girl/guy ratio).
It was my first trip to Vegas and I feel that it was a nice place to stay. As mentioned in another review the price was great for the place. But, in a survey after our trip they asked if I we had been pampered. Well, we were not pampered. We were set up in a decent room but with the longest walk I have ever had from an elevator/person mover (because the elevators go sideways). I am sure as Vegas hotels go this as good as any but don't expect pampering. The pool set up waqs nice and the interiors there is just about anything you want within the walls if you desire anything. I would suggest for affordable dining hit the deli in the casino for room food versus room service!
I saw a mummy win on slots here... lucky stiff! . . Luxor still looks great on the strip, and inside the casino still has a nice feel to it. Although not as old as the real pyramids, Luxor does show it's age, and the rooms are definitely not the type you want to spend time in. The buffet in Luxor is good, with $35 pass getting you all three buffets for a day. If you are doing Vegas on the cheap, Luxor is A-OK!
Nice, clean friendly hotel. 3 Starbucks! Holy shiz. . . The pool is foul dirty and the guys at the bar are rude. The pool is oily with trash floating in it. . . The one thing that really irked me was the time share people all over the hotel. They are aggressive and rude. I don't care what they're offering, I'm not a dog don't yell at me like one.
The Luxor is not so bad and it's not so good either. To start the inclinators (elevators) are rickety and shabby. The rooms look cool upon first seeing them but upon closer inspection may not be that great. Ours for example had several defects. The bathroom door was damaged by moisture near the floor and there was a big dent in the wall near the entrance. The armoire showed signs of wear and even deterioration from moisture. The shower walls have no place to put your shampoo etc - just a soap holder which the soap always slipped off of. The towels never smell fresh - they either smell over dried or bleached. The halls always had stuff outside of messy people's rooms like bottles and glasses and food trays. There was even broken glass. The hotel cleaning people did not clean up the mess fast at all. Some of the stuff was out in the hall for two to three days! Ugh! Worst of all perhaps was the fact that our room was never really cool - probably due to the side of the hotel we were on and how the sun hits it - but still they did not provide good enough AC to remedy the problem.. . The casino area is not that great looking. The lobby is real cool and so is the entrance through the big sphinx. The monorail service is convenient but really slow and it does not always stop at The Luxor. It goes to Excalibur and Mandalay.. . Parking is a problem on some nights but they open an overflow lot. The hallway from the lot tothe hotel is not air conditioned and it does not have the moving walkways that many Las Vegas hotels have.. . I would give The Luxor two stars if it were not for the cool "Temptations" gay pool party they have on Sundays. Great ambience and cool music. If you get there before two the entrance is free but after two it costs $20 :( We got in free!!!!
The cheap and tacky pyramid and Egyptian take at this hotel is cute, but that shouldn't throw your opinion off about this place. It's at a fantastic location, just minutes from the airport and still on the strip-though at the beginning. But it has a lot to offer besides the funky decor, the interior is gorgeous and there's a of food and exhibits. At the front desk is Evening Call, so you can already pick up drinks as you check in! We arrived and made online reservations and got assisted right away. They gave our room away, but I told her we were there for my birthday, so she hooked it up in the East Tower (the older part of the hotel) with a KING size suite.No wait at the front desk and were quickly accommodated.  It was awesome, but it was quite a walk and it's actually away from all the casino and the rest of the hotel. But quiet and comfortable is what I enjoy. The hotel came with free drink vouchers among st other complimentary things. . . The room itself .. some of the reviews are right. It's not as CLEAN as you would expect it, but it was neat and sanitary. There were some old spots and the sheets seem used, so we called in room service and had those exchanged quickly. The bed was super comfortable and bouncy! The bathroom was huge with a tub AND a shower, which was my home made hot tub since I had no idea where the pool was. . . The hotel itself has lots of restaurants and lounges, as well as a gentlemen's nightclub. It also is connected to Mandala Bay and Excalibur which has a tram that takes you there, so a rest up on your pretty feet from those heels. . . Sucks there wasn't wifi, but I was on vacation so I just wanted to enjoy myself. What did suck was the room didn't have free coffee which I'm so used to. The bathroom was well stocked with toiletries and fluffy, CLEAN, white towels. The AC/Heater was old school, but worked like a charm. Sadly, being in the old part of the hotel our room view wasn't sexy what so ever! Regardless, it was a cheap and good stay for our quick Vegas trip. . . Would be back especially if on a budget on the strip looking for a good time.
Pros: . * Great ambiance. I loved the decor and overall theme of the hotel. . * Amazing view - at least my room had a superb one. Could not ask for better. . * Comfortable bed. . * A flat screen television that actually worked - many of the other hotels on the strip that I have stayed at had 2-5 working channels. This one had plenty to choose from. . * The buffet downstairs is decent. . . Cons: . * The elevators are terrifying. Seriously. I felt as though I would potentially die in those elevators - no matter which one I was in. They shake SIDEWAYS! . * Popcorn ceiling. Am I being picky, now? Perhaps. . * The first set of room keys I was given did not work. It took over 30 minutes to get through to a representative (calling from my cell since I did not want to drag all of my luggage down to Registration again). Finally Security let me in and mentioned that its a common occurrence. . * The elevators (yes, back to those again - I know), were just very inconveniently placed, to say the least. I had to walk a mile every time I wanted to go to my room. I also had to use my room key in the elevator - they are programmed to be room specific. . * The sink in the bathroom made a loud gurgling sound all night long - had to keep the door shut. . . All in all, I was happy being there. Always wanted to stay in the giant pyramid. Had a good time!
Not nearly as great as it used to be.  3 things that disappointed me- 1. You have to PAY to use part of the pool, even if u r a guest.  Tacky.  2. Their hard sales techniques are annoying as hell- I must have been asked 10 times while walking through the lobby and casino "Are you coming back again next year sir?" and 2-3 times a day the message light in my room would start blinking, only to find out it was a sales/promotional message trying to get me to use the spa or something.  3. Finally, you have to pay an extra "resort fee" now with every room reservation.  Again, this is tacky- just raise your rates slightly and eliminate this extra fee.  It's like the airlines charging u to check a bag- nobody likes it!
This was the first hotel I ever stayed in Vegas, and again, it's a cheaper hotel, so it's nothing super fancy. I like the whole pyramid feel, but I didn't feel the hotel had that much more to offer. We had stayed here since BMG were originally at this hotel, and it's just too far off the strip, that you're a bit isolated from all the action. The rooms were just okay. I probably wouldn't stay here again just because it's so far from everything else.
The room we got was decent, but nothing special for how much you pay (on a weekend it was over $100+ a night).  As others have mentioned, if you dont pay the extra, you stay in the pyramid and not the towers, and the rooms are similar to a motel style, with its musky smell and dim lighting.  The location was decent though, right on the end of the strip, and close ride from the airport.  I'm not a fan of how hotels in Vegas tack on a resort fee for nothing...the pool wasnt even open for the season yet!. . The gambling area was also decent, not as glitzy as some of the other casino areas towards the middle of the strip, but we were a fan of the $10 tables.  The dealers were helpful and tried to teach us as well.
Convenient to the airport, well-priced, and there are a lot of activities happening on site. You can walk to the two hotel on either side with ease. Though, for any hotel, 36 hours is plenty!!
Four stars for our check-in and room experience.. . One star for everything else.. . Check-in: we waited maybe 10 minutes. Not bad for a larger hotel. Probably because it was a Sunday. Front desk agent was cordial enough. We had booked a Pyramid room but I asked if any tower rooms were available. She said yes, and booked us in a Tower Suite, no charge. She also waived our resort fee. Probably had something to do with us being on our post wedding escape (aka Honeymoon).. . Room: I had heard awful things about the rooms at the Luxor, but ours was actually very pleasant. I wasn't a fan of the design and general coldness of the bathroom (no door separating the toilet from the rest of the bathroom). I love my husband but there needs to be a way to do your business while the other person is blow drying their hair! Otherwise everything seemed new and clean. Comfortable bed and nice living room.. . Everything Else: God I hate the staff here and the sharkish nature they emit. I feel like a minnow in a shark tank here...they are circling around the edges of this glass pyramid of a fish tank looking for their next meal. And if you try to escape, they will bite your head off. I've learned to not talk nor look at any of the staff here. For example, we asked a staff member where to find something in the casino, and he didn't want to tell us but was very rude when we indicated we did not want to listen to some sales spiel.. . Damn this place is confusing. I know that is part of the intention to confuse people so they can't figure out how to escape...but I kept losing track of how to get to the Tower Rooms.
Very average. Ants in my room!  Going back to the Luxor next time
I have to travel to Vegas several times a year for business. I've stayed at a lot of hotels and the Luxor has been my choice based solely on its convenience. . . That's not to say that it's perfect though. The lack of wifi really hurts the rating as having to hardline in is just super inconvenient when you are a writer who needs to hit deadlines and prefers to write from bed. . . Luxor is solid though for gambling as I've paid for many trips with winnings from the blackjack tables.
I shopped around on vegas.com and chose the Luxor, deciding that it was the best value: not the absolute cheapest hotel in Vegas (because those were gross), but moderately priced and still nice. My husband and I stayed at the Luxor for our honeymoon and I enjoyed our time. . . Positives: . I love the Egyptian theme and I think it's well done. It doesn't look tacky. It's fun to walk around inside and outside and see the details of the design.. The pool area is very nice, except for the fact that the pyramid reflects the sunlight on you and threatens to burn your skin off (!). . The Pyramid Cafe was yummy and reasonably priced. . The person who came up to our room to pick up our bags was extremely professional and courteous.. There are a 2 Starbucks and a fro-yo place inside! Happy times.. . Negatives: . The resort fee ($18/day) did surprise us, but I'm sure that is true for every hotel on the strip. . The entire hotel is smoky, but that is definitely true for everywhere on the strip. . It took us almost 2 hours to get through the check-in line. . The rooms were not as nice as they had appeared online. We had a King suite, and it was extremely small and old-fashioned. . Our hotel keys stopped working multiple times, and since you need them in the elevators, this was extremely annoying. We saw this happen to other people in the elevator too. When we went to get replacement keys, the front desk person was rude.. . I would stay here again, mainly because I've seen the other affordable hotels and don't think there's anything better that we would be willing to splurge on. Plus there's so much to do in Vegas you don't really need to have much more than a bed to lie your head on at the end of an exhausting day.
Large hotel, cool pool, nice rooms, but it is old and kid friendly which i hate!!!. . PRO's-It is very impressive walking into the lobby and looking up in the pyramid at the rooms lining the edges.  I got upgraded to a suite so that was nice.  Kind of a long walk to the suites (suites are not in the pyramid) room was very big about 500 sq feet.  Big windows, really big bathroom with jet tub, and sep shower, free wifi, fridge, big tv and entertainment center.  Valet was actually very fast.  The best part of the hotel was the pool.  Lots of room to sit, and really large pool to swim or relax in, and cheap drinks and affortable restaurants.. . CON's-beds sucked.  pillows were crap, and the hotel hallways had a old mildew smell.  Parking garage is only 2 floors so it takes forever to find parking.  Worst of all is the checkin.  I got the free checkin because I bitched about the 42 min wait to check in.  I have never stood in line that long for checkin and during peak hours of check in (2pm-4pm) it would be wise for a hotel to have more then 6 windows open.  Also to many dam kids.
I recently stayed at the Luxor for 3 nights from August 9th through 12th. I had a room in the East Towers, so I can't speak on the conditions of the rooms located in the pyramid. The room was large with a flat screen TV and nice sized Tub and Shower in the bathroom. . . The only negative about the room, was the darkness of the pyramid and being on the opposite side of the strip! I also didn't have internet the entire time I was there, no biggie I'm in VEGAS no need for that! . . I did notice a lot of families at the Luxor compared to other hotels I viewed that weekend, but I like the layout, the design, and the convenience it provided for our group during our stay. . . I would stay here again, but it doesn't have the wow factors of other hotel/casinos on the strip simply because its older and more established and not as fancy or popular these days. . . So, if you need to save some bucks and want a nice place to rest while you enjoy the other Hotels Vegas has to offer,  I would recommend a stay here. . . SOLID 3 STARS**
The first time I ever been to Vegas was when I was just a little kid. And the hotel my family and I stayed at was Luxor. They were cool back then when I pee'd on the bed during my sleep and they're still cool now!. . Stayed at the tower rooms recently during a stay. Did not wait at all for elevators which is a huge plus. The rooms were full of mirrors. The ice bucket is small but they have a shower and tub. So, smart alcoholic turns the tub into a fridge full of ice for their alcohol to chill. The bathroom is a bit small but I can really care less about the size of the room until it becomes an issue of walking around. . . I love that they have a McDonald's on the second floor above the casino that's open 24 hours. When you're drunk and hungry, chicken nuggets is the way to go. And the next morning, their orange juice is a great help for your mimosa! . . I do not suggest gambling here, though, as luck is not really on the player's side.
The room was trashed when we checked in. After we told the front desk they had us report back to the front and upgraded us to the king suite on the 22nd floor. The room was nice but the main complaint was that the AC didn't work for very well at all.. . It was 110 degrees outside and felt like 90 in the room. It sucks when you've been out all night and come back to a hot room that won't cool down. We came for my little brothers 21st birthday and he had an awesome time. He placed 10$ on 21 on roulette and hit it. Good times.. . The pool was closed the second day which inconvenienced my brother but didn't bug me.. . Nice staff and good rooms when they are clean.
The first room they gave us when we checked in was gross! Yellow stained carpet, mold on the ceilings, filthy dirty couch, stains on the sheets, and the room smelled like must!! After I complained we were "upgraded" to a much much much better room that smelled and looked new! Everything was wonderful from that point. The employees are very helpful and were really nice. The only annoying thing is you are literally bombarded with staff trying to sell things right when you walk in. Other then that our stay was good.
I went here in January and have to say I had an enjoyable time. It's a large hotel and sometimes it's hard to find where you are going. The breakfast I'd ok and most importantly, the rooks were clean.
I stayed from 8/26-8/30. From the beginning the check in when very smoothly and fast. We got to the room and it looked ok. The beds were fine, but the bathroom could have used some extra cleaning. There was several long black hairs in the shower. We had 2 guys in the room, so I knew it was not from us. The air conditioner would not get very cool. We called and they sent someone up about an hour later. He tried all he could do but stated they were very old and would not get much better. Thats about it as far as the room went. The elevator took FOREVER. Seriously there would be 15-20 people waiting on the main floor for 10-15 mins. It was this way the whole time I was there. The casino had no action in it. Seemed dead. We went to Mandalay bay where the atmosphere was totally better. Overall it was ok for the money But will probably try somewhere else next time.
Last time I went to Vegas was in 2009 and I stayed here. We had a pyramid room that faced the strip. The hotel itself was okay, checking in was normal. It's cool that you get a view of the casino when you open the door by getting a pyramid room. The room itself however, was outdated and average. Furnishings were from the 80s and they had a 90s tv, with no input for video games (we brought systems for chill time). The buffet sucked compared to the other better ones on the strip, too. Service in the casino was okay. Only convenient for the price really, but it's at the end of the strip so just plan accordingly depending on what you want to do while in Vegas.
Stayed on the 13th floor! The elevators are trippy since they move sideways. Kind of a quiet hotel overall, somewhat outdated.. . The rooms were basic, clean and comfy. The pool was alright. With our stay here we got two free tickets to see Ka which was pretty awesome.. . I really enjoyed the buffet here, the bottomless mimosas were nothing to mess with. Despite being  a walking hangover the majority of this Vegas trip, I enjoyed my stay at the Luxor. It was a great deal I could not pass up, I totally got my money's worth!
Here's my review of all the places in Luxor that I have been:. . Pyramid Room: Blech. Even the non-smoking rooms smell like smoke.. . Pyramid Suite: Smells like smoke, but there's a freakin' hot tub in there! That's pretty awesome... but if it costs more than $190/night, I wouldn't do it.. . Tower Room: Awesome, they are nice and comfy, and I would suggest staying here for how cheap it is (and not for how very, very far away it is from the middle of the fun on strip). . Pool: Good pool, nothing spectacular, but good. . LAX: This club doesn't have a whole lot going on, but if you are female and you get in for free, then shake your ass a little in front of the VIP section so you get in there for free too-- then it is pretty alright (though the same can be said for Hyde and The Bank). . Bodies Exhibit: Neat , nothing too outrageous and crazy in there, but if you're at all squeamish (and I mean, even just a little bit) DON'T GO. You'll be wasting your money as you run through the exhibits to get out.  But for all of us that aren't, the BEST room is the veins and arteries... so cool.. . Titanic Exhibit: An actual piece of the ship is in there... and it's big.. . Buffet: Meh, just go to Mandalay, it's better... both aren't great though.
It's a bit of an older hotel now, but there were a few bars with nice seating options, comfortable, and not really busy.  Nothing in particular really stands out, but worth going to for drinks and a variety of bar options.
I am not the biggest fan of the Luxor.  The parking is no good.  Two levels and hardly any spots open and a long walk to enter the casino. All the rooms are faced towards the casino, if you are a light sleeper, this hotel is not for you.  You can hear everything. The only plus side to the Luxor is the attractions.  The Bodies exhibit and the Titanic exhibit.  Other then that, they don't have much!
OK so it's much better than it was. . . They have dumped some significant money into giving this place a facelift. However,  I still don't think I'll ever go back to the spa. BUT they opened a new sports bar with really cool lamps in the center of the casino, has lots of TVs and sound for the football games. I will go back there.  New carpet, some new restaurants like Public House, new tables, etc.  . . So they are trying to get it together. But they let it go so far I'm not sure they can ever recover from how run down they let it get before.
A lot more calm and low key than many of the other louder hotels/casinos.
It was cheap to stay at the luxor. . the smell is so strong of some kind Air lemony refresher which i really hated the smell.. The service was ok.
I've never stayed, nor walked into the Luxor before my recent stay.  Our room, which I believe is a standard room, was HUGE.  It's a suite style with a living room, little kitchen area, bedroom with a massive bathroom.  However, the jet-tub in our room was broken with a little note apologizing that it's broken and the AC/heater in the room was not working.  Since it was cold in Vegas, I was a little annoyed by this, but I guess you get what you pay for. . . Also, since we got into Vegas so late due to flight delays, we were hoping to grab something to eat in the hotel prior to going to bed, but the only food source at 11pm was McDonalds or Room Service.  =(
I'm here for a friends wedding and I promised myself after staying here a few years ago, I wouldn't come back....but here I am! I stayed in a pyramid room previously and it was terrible very claustrophobic feeling. This time I stayed in the tower which is much roomier and updated. I have to say though that I do not like the bathroom at all. Very cold floors and needs to be updated. But overall a better experience than last time.
Certainly not my favorite place to stay in Vegas. . . It's kind of falling apart. It is very cheap, though.. . This is where you'll find a lot of the trash that walks around.. . I'd rather spend the extra money and stay somewhere nice and not deal with the hoochie mamitas and their weaves and their ten inch acrylics and their cellulite hanging out of their pleather leopard print micro mini skirts, arguing with the cashier at McDonald's at 3am aboutdipping sauce.. . Excalibur is even worse!. . The light beaming from the top of the pyramid is rather exciting, though, I suppose.
Stayed in a tower room - clean and comfy. Not run down like others have experienced with the pyramid rooms. My only gripe is I observed the slots to be stingy with payouts. Never saw a single person win or heard cheers like you do in other casinos. Well I guess that's the case with most casinos on the strip. . . Good steak house, good Mexican food upstairs, enjoyed the bodies exhibit, the club sucks! Will probably only return for a clean and comfy room but not to party or gamble.
I stayed here years ago. The rooms wereOK but definitely not my favorite hotel in Vegas. They mall area offers several options for food and lots of shopping. The casino is older but still not bad. We came here twice to see the Bodies and Titanic Exhibits - both were awesome.
I'm not sure what happened to this casino. When it opened, it was the "IT" casino since it's quite unique! But over the years, the place sorta seems a bit run-down even though it was built in the late 90's. It just so happens that MGM Resorts International owns Luxor and several casinos down the Las Vegas Strip. . . Why is this place unique?. * Egyptian themed. * Pyramid shaped casino. . RESTAURANTS. * Tender Steak & Seafood (won "Wine Spectator of the Year" 2009, 2010 & 2011). * Rice & Company. * Public House LV (a East Coast chain brought to Vegas). * T&T - Tacos & Tequila. * The "More Buffet" at Luxor. * Backstage Deli. . ENTERTAINMENT. * Criss Angel's "Believe". * Carrot Top. * Menopause the Musical. * Bodies - the Exhibition (Body Worlds). * Titanic "The Artifact Exhibition". * Fantasy . * Score! Ultimate Sports Interactive Exhibit. . PARTY & DRINK . * L.A.X. Nightclub (worth visiting). * Aurora. * Flight. * High Bar. * Centra. * Savile Row. . Although I didn't stay here, the room was decent. My co-workers stayed overnight and their only gripe was that the elevators were a bit far to walk to (only have at two on opposite corners of the pyramid). I haven't tried any of the food here, but the options don't really seem appetizing. As for the entertainment, it's overpriced!!! I think the only thing worth visiting is "LAX" Nightclub if you want to partyrock the night away! Other than that, I don't think there's much to do here.
Well, it's not the worst... but it's definitely not the best spot on the Strip. I like the price, the location, and some of the restaurants and attractions, but this place needs to figure out whether it wants to be an Egyptian themed hotel or just a knockoff, ultra modern hotel. The recent remodel has not done much for this place, other slowly chip away at some of the relics of Luxor's past. I do have admit, staying on the 22nd floor of the pyramid opened my eyes to the fact that I'm susceptible to vertigo pretty easily... man, do not look down from that height!
Okay.
This is a good mid-level hotel and casino. The pyramid rooms are old but you get what you pay for. Location is good. You can easily walk to Mandalay Bay which is a nicer casino.
Luxor Hotel and Casino Las Vegas is at the end of the boulevard. It is built in the form of a pyramid, which lies in front of the Sphinx.. In Las Venase all the time remaining on the rise and some feel unbridled joy, once inside, all went with their mouths open, designers tried their best.. Inside the pyramid is hollow. It is the world's largest atrium. Inside the statues of pharaohs and skupturki Anubis. On the dais split a mini-city in the Egyptian style. We go up the escalator and walk between the houses, which are located in the shops. Upstairs balcony - is included. That is built at an angle, each upper floor above the bottom. In the photo, like anything special, but when you're standing and is seen in the real world is very impressive.. In the lobby of the constant movement, still, in this building 2,500 rooms! People inhabit, are evicted, to the front desk someone always comes up with suitcases, plus like we hang around the hotel with huge eyes and cameras at the ready. This is the only hotel in Las Vegas, where you can not take pictures.. The hotel itself is made of black glass, and in the evening from the top of the sky shines a powerful spotlight, which, without special equipment can be seen in the universe!
I am not a fan of the Strip, to begin. I don't come to Vegas often but when I do I prefer Downtown. But my teen daughter had really good grades and she wanted to see the glitz of the strip and the shops and the fountains, etc. so I booked the cheapest rates without being 'off-strip". CES was coming in this week, so that was not an easy feat, either. I digress.... . This review is for the room. In the Pyramid, 22 floors up. I am not very comfortable being in a totally enclosed hotel (look it up...carbon monoxide is a silent killer). So that is one star off, but I knew that was coming. . . The room itself was what was expected. Clean. I would have liked a coffee machine of some sort so I would not have to get dressed and pay $6 for a latte at Starbucks in the casino. I small fridge would have been nice. Ironing board/Iron was provided. Not needed. . . Now the 2nd star missing: No wireless internet access. Who carries a laptop anymore? My tablet stayed in the suitcase. . . The shower floor was sluggish. The maid has to clean soap scum off the floor of that shower every day...you would think he/she would tell someone that it needs to be dealt with. The toilet was SO low-flow that TP did not flush unless you dropped it directly on the water in the bowl. The travertine tiled shower was obviously new...too bad they could not get the plumbing right.. . And the bathroom fan! NO conversation could happen in that room when the bathroom light was on because of that turbofan blowing/sucking. "WHAT? WHAT DID YOU SAY??" Nobody was able to primp/makeup/brush teeth without that annoying noise. Make a separate switch for the fan, please. . . I never saw concierge service. I guess it was there. But the concierge desk at Excalibur and Monte Carlo were very nice. . . The buffet breakfast was horrific. Late night supper was better. (we got the $35/all day Luxor/Excalibur passes for one day) Excalibur's dinner was OK.
Super cool idea and I love the elevaotr... but the regular rooms are meh. For how much I wanted to spend it would have been nice to have something nicer... Still a really pretty hotel and the Titanic meuseum was really cool.
Great hotel for the value, large enough to have everything I want in a vegashotel and not so massive that I get lost in it. Deducted a star for the daily $20 "resort fee" even though they dont have wifi and the pool was closed and emptied while I was there. In addition they asked for my email saying it was specifically to let me know if I left anything behind and I still havent heard from them about the phone charger I left there, the lost and found told me stuff just goes directly to them after the cleaning crew finds it so I dont expect to ever be notified.. . Its not the most glamorous hotel on the strip but its miles beyond the other hotels in its price range.. . Edit: I filled out their survey where I mentioned my problems, it asked if i would like to be contacted and I said yes and gave them a way to contact me. I havent heard from them yet so I took away a star.
We stayed here in Jan 2012. Our rooms were not in the main building, but were clean and tidy. The breakfast was ok and you can each as much as you like, if you are that way inclined. Yes it involves a lot of walking, but what do you expect for such a large hotel. You have to pass all the slot machines and gambling tables to get anywhere, but I don't really gable, so was not enticed into doing do. We arranged a helicopter flight up to the Grand Canyon from within the hotel, and this is a must. Overall an enjoyable hotel.
We stayed here for three nights. Our room was in one of the towers, and not in the main pyramid, and was clean and simple. It clearly hadn't been updated for a while but it didn't feel dirty. My biggest problem with the room, was that the bathroom did not have an exhaust fan. The fact that there was a Starbucks right at the elevators to the rooms was a blessing.. . After we got back, I thought there had been an extra charge on our card, so I called and spoke to someone at the front desk. They were extremely polite, quick with getting back to be and very patient in explaining the charges.
We visited the Luxor as part of a deal we booked on Expedia.com. After reading some of the reviews on Yelp and Tripadvisor we weren't expecting much, as the reviews leave you wishing you'd chosen differently.  When we arrived at the Luxor late evening the check-in process went very smooth and we were pointed to the elevators and on our way to our room. Upon arriving to our room, we were pleasantly surprised at how large it was even on an angle. We were on the 6th floor pyramid room. . The bathroom was clean and well stocked and we always had hot water when needed. The only downfall of the bathroom was even when you have the light on the fan is on and it seems like smoke air from the casino or smoking rooms was coming through the vent. . The room was cleaned everyday and had everything we needed. The TV had a lot of channels however the remote volume buttons were broken, nothing major just a small annoyance. . The casino itself was fun, busy and had a lot of options for food and drink. . With so many choices on the strip we may not choose the Luxor again, but if it's something that works in your price range you can rest assured your experience will be just fine. We were pleased overall.
came in on a friday night. self parking is a real beezy to find! you have to drive all the way to the back side of the pyramid close to the freeway. and there's no electric walkway so hopefully you don't have too much luggage! hahha . . They were not kidding when they promised us an amaz(e)ing experience here! i mean i guess it fits in with the theme and all that you want us to navigate this labyrinth of a lobby with not a single directory in sight but we're just trying to check in! i'm not trying to escape i promise! i at the end when we got to our hotel room 45 minutes after parking(new record!) i was expecting to have to defeat a mummy or something to get the room hahaha . . I guess overall hotel is decent enough for the price though the casino tried to rip me off when they colored me up. Color me unimpressed! I might stay here again if they have a good deal but I may need a tour guide next time! hahaha
Iconic Vegas landmark in need of a total renovation. It has the potential to be awesome again!. . One star up for the awesome Titanic exhibit inside!
We really liked the theme at this casino but we did notice how old the casino really was. We didn't stay at this casino during our stay because of the reviews and I inda understand why now. But we did enjoy the casino floor and shops during our stop it.
Thought I would put in my two cents for the Luxor, I was stayed here for a couple of weeks a few months ago for a computer convention show. Staying at the Luxor was most affordable given the location, time, and equipment I would be hauling. I would typically stay at the most affordable room I could find, in this case is the Pyramid Deluxe Room - and I found it to be quite spacious. During my stay, the rate is a bit easier on the wallet that the in golden clad hotel next door. . . I was staying on the 11th floor - with a view of the spire, city traffic, and in the background is the airport. It's a decent view. My other coworkers were expressing their displeasure of viewing another building, or some other inanimate object, so, I'm grateful for viewing a part of the city. . . It's not too loud in the room - hardly hear anything, perfect for those periods of cramming out emails. Once the door is open though, the atmosphere of the building can be heard. I call that good attention to detail to actually insulate the door and door jamb to prevent the external acoustic energy from entering the room. . . The lighting in the room could be better, as there was only one bright light  which was too focused by the window. I would've preferred an indirect flood light instead. . . There's a decent flat screen in the room, and it's a good amount of room for two people to stay. In the main part of the Luxor is the Titanic Exhibit or Bodies, along with a pathway that takes you to a small mall and heading towards the Mandalay Bay. . . Overall, I found my experience to be decent and enjoyable. If the price is within budget again, I may pick this location again, for the next computer trade show.
My boyfriend and I stayed at the Luxor last month and we thought it was alright. It's definitely not as fancy or uptown as some of the other places to stay in Vegas, but if you're looking for a good bed/room (somewhere just to sleep), it did the job just fine. . . We stayed in the tower, not the pyramid and my two favorite parts about the room itself were the stand alone bath tub (seperate from the shower) and the king size bed. I'm not much of a gambler when it comes to playing in Vegas and the tub was wonderful! It was not only deep enough but the drain was a special flip over kind so I didn't have to listen to it making leakage noises when the water got too high.And it was perfectly hot too - like I didn't have to worry that it was going to run out at any point. Bliss!! And while I don't believe the bed was a memory foam one, it did the job excellently! We slept great and woke up feeling refreshed and ready. The room was also beautifully decorated in its Egyptian theme, from the molding around the ceiling and wallpaper, to the light fixtures and bedding. . . Overall, if we were doing a quick-trip to Vegas again, we would stay here. Like I mentioned above, it's not as fancy as some of the other hotels, but if you're looking for something reasonably priced and to get you back in the action (the strip, gambling, etc), it's great.
i was setup by my company to stay at Luxor during this year's CES. Upon arriving, I received a warm greeting from their staff and was even asked if I had a preference of where I wanted to stay.  Since I'm a light sleeper, the staff member suggested that the West Wing may be my best bet since its further from the pyramid. I took her suggestion and decided for a room out there. The West wing is nice and quiet! Plus, the decor is modern and quite accommodating. I also like how its so close to the spa and gym. My only grip about the placement is that its so far from everything. It's about  a 5-7 min walk from the west wing to the front lobby. I don't mind the walk but when you're running late for a meeting,  its quite a distance to make the walk. Another perk about Luxor is that its connected to Mandalay Bay. Between the two hotels, you have a number of restaurants, shops, and entertainment options without having to leave the hotel. Pretty awesome! I'd consider staying here again if it wasn't so far from the main attractions on the strip.
Just stayed one night and if you are just looking for a room this hotel is good. Otherwise, it's far from action and really worn down.
It was a nice hotel and was very clean. I loved the Ancient Egyptian theme, but out of all the casinos and hotels on the Strip, it was not my absolute favorite.
Weekend hotel rates in Vegas are horrendous.. Seriously, three times as much for the same thing, but Vegas prices can piss you off if you let it.. We got a good deal on Hotwire for here and it turned out to be pretty good.. There are  nice areas of the Hotel and not so nice.. First we had a room on the 7th floor, disgusting, straight up danky smell from the room and bad view, also it was still occupied?!!!. So trek back the whole way to the front counter  to complain which got us a tower suite.. Nice, huge room, clean, wifi not plug in, shower and tub, not my taste but nice.. Everything is pretty spread out here, there is no sense to it or short cuts.. Staff is nice, but there are way nicer hotels and better located.. There is only one parking area which gets pretty full, also quite a walk.. Resort fee is $20 but thats about average.. They give you a coupon book but its pretty much worthless, alot  of BOGO's to get you in their places.. LAX is insanly full, most of the bars ok but nothing fabulous.
Nous avons experimente le Luxor un dimanche soir pour une nuit de transit en famille a 5 a notre retour de LA. Les chambres sont correctes, (nous avions une King size et une avec 2 queen bed) et d'un prix raisonnable (avec $42 la nuit hors taxes, $67 tout compris). Les douches sont tres spacieuses et d'un design coherent avec le theme de l'hotel. Le seche cheveux, lui, ne fonctionnait plus...On ne peut pas tout avoir.... Autre point negatif, pas d'internet en Wifi, ce qui rend impossible l'utilisation d'Ipad ou autres tablettes... C'est pas comme si on etait en 2013....
This was our first destination on our Families Week-Long Road Trip.  The stop would afford us a good night sleep and allow our family an evening to "enjoy" Vegas for the first time.  Our girls are 8 &12, and maybe our bad for stopping off in Vegas for the evening.  After returning home, I asked the family what they thought.  Personally, I though the Luxor was a good value, but my Wife and my two girls (8 & 11) though the half-nude female dancers in the Luxors Casino was not appropriate for families.  They went on to explain that the staff was so-so and that the parking was a good distance from the rooms.  Was it a good value - Yes, would we go back as a family NO.
Stay in Luxor towers as a free complimentary upgrade;no Wifi; use Mandalay bay's; DO NOT eat at any restaurant within the hotel!!
I wish I'd stayed here in its heyday, back when this Egyptian-themed hotel actually had a goddamn Egyptian theme. Do they really think people come to Vegas and stay in a giant pyramid because they want it to have a modern decor? Gimme a break. . . I booked a pyramid suite for 3 nights here because it was relatively cheap (around $80 night BEFORE resort fees) and because I'd always been curious about staying here. . . Self parking is around back. Do yourself a favor and park on the top level, since the bottom level parking is a dank, musty maze that you'll realize requires you to find an elevator to go up one level anyway. . . Why is check-in so slow at every single hotel? Don't you people want me liquored up and gambling asap?. . We were on the 30th floor, and the inclinator (they aren't elevators because they move at an angle) for the 30th floor is inconveniently far away from everything. It is also slow. . . I give them major props for making the pictures of our suite look amazing on the website, whereas the reality is a dressed-up Motel 6 room with a big tub and some Egyptian hieroglyphics. Their modern renovation clearly wasn't thought out, since the room looked like it couldn't decide whether to be chic or Egyptian (like, you know, everyone who stays here would expect). It just looks... well, pathetic, really. And there's virtually nothing on the walls. Any excitement it may have once possessed has had its brain removed and it now sits, mummified, in some storage room. . . Speaking of the tub (aka half the reason I booked this suite), it no longer has any jets, and the side panel for maintenance was hanging off, revealing a cavernous lair of decrepit pipes. Way to make an entrance, guys. . . Our a/c unit was leaking so much that the carpet was sopping wet as far as a foot away from it. I was going to call the front desk and have them change our room, but I'd also already set up my makeshift bar and started drinking, so I just went all ghetto and put a couple towels on the floor. . . Bathrooms are surprisingly large and spacious, but the showerhead is a cheap piece of crap. . . No wi-fi... unless you want to pay $20/day. I have a hard time typing that without laughing. Who the fuck are they kidding? This is 2013; reservations are made based on wi-fi availability in many cases. . . They do have a fully kick ass gym, though! And it's always empty.  Lots of free weights, cable machines, dumbbells, cardio equipment, etc. I was seriously impressed since I've been to better hotels that aren't half this good. . . I know staying here is cheap and all, but unless you have no discernible sense of taste I'd recommend dropping your cash elsewhere. Without the Egyptian theme at play here it just feels like any other hotel. Well, any other CHEAP ASS hotel. And it's so far away from the "meat" of the Strip that you'll be cabbing it every night.
My wife and I just got back from Vegas... We stayed at the Luxor and the hotel isn't that bad.  Our main concern is Vegas in general.. We used to Loooove going to Vegas but now All Vegas hotels are charging a Resort Fee and that stinks big time.  It's a Vegas phenomenon adopted now by all Vegas hotels... They charge anywhere from $20 to $35 dollars per night just because they can... They say it's an internet fee plus Gym fee and a discount booklet.... Non of which I used or my friends used.. The Luxor doesn't provide in-room Wi-Fi just a cable connection... Try connecting the cable to your Ipad... And if you call and complain they will rough you up...  The truth of the matter is that Vegas hotels are dishonest by hiding this big and unusual fee in the fine print... Then make you pay when you get there and have no choice.  I will consider other destinations next time.... With all the cruises and Mexico at hand who needs Vegas?... Oh and FYI... Luxor charges $30 extra bucks per night for a crib... times 5 nights ... Thats an extra $150 bucks plus 8%tax !!!... Who charges extra for a crib?... Treasure Island didn't on our last stay.... But the resort fee.... Hmmmm. I hate feeling bullied into paying for something I'm not using.. I will avoid Vegas.... there is lots of partying elsewhere... And just to finish my review I will say that Luxor despite it's attractive architecture lacks in maintenance issues.... Sad to say.. Among many issues how about cleaning the pyramids windows?...
The girlfriend and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay here at the Luxor.. . True, it is a bit of a walk to the north end of the strip from here... but we managed to walk all the way to The Mirage and back on a nice sunny day and survived unscathed with drinks in hand.. . The pool was nice.  There was 3 of them... one was closed every day when we went, but the other two were open.  One of them had a bunch of hanging out bars/platforms in the water where you could set your drinks down while still sitting in the water which was cool.  We got to the pool early in the AM so we got good seats, but they did tend to fill up pretty quick and by the time we left the pool area you would have been lucky to find a seat, let alone a seat for your entire party.  Only bummer was the "no outside food/alcohol" policy at the pool.  Not sure how well its enforced really... I mean, I brought my morning coffee out and I wasn't patted down for cookies.  So it may be lax.  i didn't try to charge in with a big ol frooty cocktail though.  I would be bummed if I just bought a big frozen drink and then came to the pool without knowing the rules... so you've been warned!. . The architecture and design of the hotel was really neat (obviously!) it's a pyramid!  cool!. . The room was clean and didn't have any funk or odors, etc.  Cool pyramid shaped soaps in the bathroom.  haha - the little things.... . The McDonalds was hopping for breakfast inside the Luxor and I got coffee there every morning for a buck or two -- not too shabby.. . Plenty of bars and casino action... although I found the bar service at the slots to be REALLY crummy at the Luxor.  I would say it might have been because I wasn't high rolling... but after slottin' it up at the other casinos, I found the waitresses to be MUCH nicer elsewhere (especially New York, New York nearby).  The couple waitresses we had at the Luxor we pretty much had to lasso to get any attention.  They would hurriedly zoom past us and roll their eyes as we placed our orders as she clearly had better places to be.  They were only giving out bottles of things like coors and bud light, etc.  While at the New York New York we were sippin on Newcastle and Stella Artois for free.  .... and I was tipping at both places... so it's not like I was stiffing them.  sooo... YRMV, but if I were to go back, I definitely would go to a different casino if you plan on drinking.. . Another annoyance -- that is apparently at all the casinos there is resort taxes and fees.  Watch out for those... I think it was like $20 a day for me and my gf.  Didn't really expect that on check-in, but oh well... when in Vegas!  . . It was convenient to walk between Excalibur/Mandalay bay as they had motorized walkways and things that made getting back and forth a breeze.  The New york New York was really close by too, which is where we went for food a couple times.  Seems like they had a lot better food choices if you wanted something quick, and not break the bank, but still being delicious -- some New York Deli place had the bomb Rueben.  But that's beside the point, being a review of the Luxor.. . Anyhow, in closing, I would stay here again given that it was ridiculously cheap to stay here and I didn't mind walking up and down the strip.  If you don't enjoy walking, you might want to park yourself further north to be in the center of the action.. . Soo... I give it 3 stars -- since its Luxor Hotel AND Casino.  4 or 5 for the hotel and 1 for the Casino.  comes out to 3 in the middle.
Expensive but over all good.. I have spent weekends in both the Pyramid and in the towers... I would recommend the towers..the Pyramid elevators are so slow and we sometimes waited for over 20min to get down to the casino.
I spent 3 nights at Luxor this past weekend.  I found the hotel to be showing its age.  The elevators were down right shabby.  The rooms were ok.  When are you going to get rid of smoking inside.
The Luxor. Where to start. . . Overall, it was a pleasant Hotel. If you know you're just going to be in and out of the room, or not necessarily staying in the Hotel/Casino, then this is a great spot. . . We stayed in the Pyramid Spa Suite, which has a huge tub in the corner of the room, which overlooks Excalibur and South Strip. It has a separate shower, so it can please everyone. The room was clean upon arrival, we were checked in fairly quick. The elevators were of to the left, and around a corner, which just felt awkward. . . The Valet was quick getting us settled. Was kind of put off by the fact that he told my husband that "they work separately from the guys inside". Hmm, we knew that, and planned on tipping him. Just rubbed me the wrong way, sort of like he EXPECTED it? Maybe that's just me.. . Our luggage was brought up to our room fairly quick, very impressed with that. . . The Hotel itself does seem a little outdated, for instance they didn't offer WiFi, but you could hook up your computer/laptop to the Ethernet cable. I suppose I take partial responsibility for that downfall because I just took our tablet, and not the laptop. Also, reception SUCKS in this hotel! No signal whatsoever. . . I didn't realize that The Luxor had a walkway through to the Excalibur, so that was convenient. They also buddy-up with deals and offers. . . Oh, and those people who harass you into buying a timeshare? ANNOYING. I seriously considered walking around with a "No Soliciting" sign hanging from my neck. That's seriously such a put-off for the Hotel, I hope they realize that. . . All in all, it was a nice place. I would stay there again, if offered the same rate. Next time we visit Vegas, I think we will try for a Hotel in the center of the Strip.
the good:  . . I always like the ancient egyption motif and theme. . check in waseasy. pools were very nice. customer service of the hotel was good. . the not so good. . Really dont like the hidden cost of the "resort fee"  a $20.00 a day fee not covered by my online hotel purchase- i understand that almost all hotels on the strip charge this, but it seems sneaky and dishonest. . for the weekend that was at the hotel- there were alot of low class inner city types. . seems almost everytime i ate at the food court, the understaffed employees messed up my order. . the buffet is not as good or have as varied food selections as i remember from my last visit. . really didnt like the hotel employees interrupting me in hallways-trying to get me to buy tickets to shows. even received a call on my hotel phone, a voice mail message, suggesting that i use their massage services.
Pretty decent. No fridge, microwave, coffee maker, or WiFi in our room though. Kind of a bummer. Check-in man was really unpleasant and talked so softly I could barely hear him. Elevators are SCARY! I wish I could have known this before telling him I was okay with the 22nd floor! REALLY rocky and noisy! Thought I was going to die. . . Other than that, it was just fine. Pretty room, decent view, cool pool, good bar.
This is an updated review with my experience in the Tower Deluxe Room in the West Wing Tower. It's a bit more affordable then my previous stay. It's also away from the main crowd, so it's naturally quieter. In the West Wing tower, there is a pool, spa, work out center, and a couple of business terminals in a hall way. The room itself is reasonably sized, but a great value considering the cost. . . The work area is decent - although, it's too comfortable. I feel asleep a couple of times in that chair after a long day working at a tradeshow. The work area is configured more for lounging with a drink in hand, versus working on a computer. . . What cost the fourth star is the mist that is circulated in the atmosphere to mask the cigarette smoke. The smell is a poor attempt to hide the smoke, and increases the mass of the particles in the air - allowing the particles to cling to items more often, such as clothing, suit cases, computers, or even my respiratory system. . . I don't like that mist, and I don't like how I have to spend hours on end in a hot shower to attempt to clear my respiratory system of that mist. Cigarette smell, I can deal with; masking agents which clings to cigarettes smoke and make the mass of the particle mass larger - I don't like.
Luxor is one of the "older" hotel/casinos on the Strip, and you can definitely tell. Paint is peeling off the walls, there are stains in places, and it definitely has a worn in feel to it.. . It is cheaper than most places on the Strip, however, and the staff are nice enough.. . Our room smelled of pot, but not so bad that we couldn't sleep through it.
I enjoyed my hotel experience from 4/23-4/26. Love the lobby/casino/bar/everything else in one area. 2 things I didn't like was that their room key locked my wife out of the room on 2 occasions and the annoying salespeople trying to sell you time shares. Who are they? They will greet you and say "hi, are you here for a few days and older than 25?" Basically, they want you to tour another hotel for 8 hours!!!pshh! AIN'T NOBODY GOT TIME FO DAT!!!!!!. Unless you have a FULL day to waist in vegas its good. But for 90% of the guests walking in the hotel they are just annoying. Everything else In the hotel was 5/5 stars, but the salespeople took away 2.
The Luxor is always nice for the money.  It is one of the cheaper larger hotels directly on the strip.  has great architectural delights, and smells heavenly of vanilla pumped through the whole place.   My mistake to book on Hotwire, where I was not told that I would be charged an additional resort fee plus, a resort fee tax that added an additional $20.16 a day!  So that put me at $132.13 a day - which I probably could have taken that and stayed somewhere more unlike a 'tomb'.  It wasn't very busy and kind of 'dead'.   You do get a coupon book, but then if you forget to use it,  you aren't reminded either...the lunch buffet had a $3 coupon off, but we weren't even asked if we had any coupons...(by the way the food was not tasty - so avoid!)  We liked staying in the West Tower, it was quiet.  Good luck finding food there after midnight - you'll have to go down the strip.  I would stay there again, but they really need to give a better deal if they want to liven up the place!  Pool was great!  loved the pool, that was the highlight.
I stayed here in the main pyramid for the first time last week, attending a conference. Compared to some places I've stayed, Luxor is just fine, especially if you're not in your room much. Granted, it's not Cosmo, Encore, Wynne, or Bellagio, but for a fairly cheap rate, you get a decent room here, and a bed that's comfortable enough.. . (You also get to miss out on most of the drunken Ed Hardy douche-baggery of guests in the hotels I just mentioned). . Luxor is 20 years old and has not been treated kindly, so yes, there is wear and tear obvious in many spots, the room had an older hotel smell, and the "inclinators" are shaky and not aging well. But, the ceiling, floor and one wall of my room was solid concrete, so no worries about loud neighbors, it was relatively clean overall, not too crowded, the staff was mostly helpful and friendly, and I never saw any of the dreaded time-share salespeople. . Casino staff were friendly and fun, and the restaurant choices are actually decent here, too.
It's not a bad hotel, just dont expect too much from it. I was actually surprised that it's so quiet in the rooms even though the casino is right outside the door.  The AC unit doesn't get very cold (might of just been my room), beds are pretty comfortable. My only real complaint would be that the curtains don't cover the window completely, so the morning sun is right in my face, though nothing a pillow fort can't handle!
I come to this place because it sound like name of super elf. Overall this place average like shiny caml. Cool thing was that the structural layout of the building house was shape like food pyramid. That where wonderment end. Room average. Stores average like palce of massive average. Priceof buffet make monster wallet sick. Oh but good thing was that place of eat call Burger Bar located in the place of here, and IT TOO VERY GOOD VERY COME BACK SOON. Also rooms nothing special, remind me of giant closet that one friend of mine live in overall 3/5 pus factory
Booked a Pyramid room, and was upgraded to a West Tower room for free. . Got a lot of good use out of the coupon book. 30$ in free drinks? Two of those?. Traveling alone, I appreciated this. I saw the dings about, the chipped plaster, but paying 40(58 incl resort fee) per night, I happily overlook this.. The tower smelled great. I know this sounds silly, but it smelled fresh. The room and the tower. And it WAS clean. Like, clean. Turning on the hot water on the 10th floor, hot water showed up immediately. Had two queen beds in the room, and I know I'm skinny, But I had to use the comforter from the 2nd bed. Thin sheets, my only complaint. However, A/C blows ice cold! I had a great time on an awesome price. There is wear and tear about, but I would stay here again for sure.  I appreciated the younger crown it attracted.  The staff smiled back at me when I smiled at them in passing. This isnt Mandalay Bay....but the rif-raff stays next door at Excalibur. . I would for sure stay again.
Had a nice stay here at the Luxor. Great price for a nice room.
I don't consider that I am a Vegas expert, but I do think I am more knowledgable than the normal person.  I was here this week for a conference.  Being that the conference was located in the Luxor, it only made sense that I stayed here for convenience reasons.  The luxor is definately not one of MGM's higher properties.  Just walk around the casino and you can tell from the clientele that this place doesn't cater to higher class clients.  The rooms feel dated and I could hear the neighboring rooms during the night. I recommend staying in the west tower over the pyramid rooms. They seem newer.  The casino was ok. I found myself walking across to the Mandalay bay to gamble just because it had a better "feel".  So in closing, the Luxor is just ok.  I'd definately stay here if I was looking for a cheaper option on the strip but don't expect to get blown away by this property.
I remember when I was younger and saw the Luxor for the first time. I wanted to stay there! When visiting Vegas recently, I decided to fork out the cash to satisfy my inner child. I don't regret staying in the Luxor - it was clean and quiet - but it wasn't what I was expecting. It's just a middle class hotel, really, and if that's what you want and the Luxor is offering a good rate, then go for it. Just make sure to learn about the resort fee before you make your reservation.. . As for my experience, the Luxor was clean but the shower drain was clogged, causing an overflow onto the bathroom floor. Our room had a view of the strip, although being on the south end of the strip, the view wasn't impressive at all. The sloped window was impressive for all of two seconds. Check-in was a breeze. Finally, I'll mention that the salespeople working the hotel floor were a little annoying.
What can I say? I guess I expected more. . . Nothing like a Memorial Day weekend to experience Las Vegas in all of its glory. Wall to wall people, having a good time, throwing drinks back and losing money. Our stay started with a quick checkin. I booked the tower as I read it was the most recently renovated and newer rooms (as opposed to the pyramid). The elevators where off the beaten path and half of the buttons didnt work on our floor. The room was less than spectacular. The hardware showed age and there was some tarnish present. The TV was horrid, but who really comes to Vegas to watch TV? If anything the room served its purpose....To keep you out of it. The bed was comfortable, no issues there. And everything worked. The Luxors price point is one of the lowest on the strip, if anything it makes for decent and affordable accommodations. On non-holiday weekends its insane how low it cost.. . As far as the casino and entertainment goes, I cant speak much for it, because we spent time elsewhere. The Luxor had to have been the least populated joint of all the strip hotels that weekend. . . The only saving grace was that it was a quick (and oh so air conditioned) walk to Mandalay Bay and Excalibur (the latter of which suffers from a similar aura of blandness).. . It was cheap, and for a good reason. Id look elsewhere if you'd like the full package (gaming, dining, entertainment) in one resort. However, if you dont mind a short walk it makes for a very affordable place to crash at nigh.
We were in Vegas this past weekend for EDC. The hotel was good however it does need to upgrade their internet to wireless. Bathtub did not drain properly, but other than that no other issues. The overall look of the hotel outside and inside is pretty cool. Not pricey.
Served me just fine!. . We were in one of the towers, so we had a view of the back of the Pyramid. We didn't have any of the trials and tribulations with parking, etc... because we didn't have a car and were shuttled back and forth from the airport. The room was nice enough, and clean so I have no complaints there. . . The restaurants were decent. I was particularly pleased with Cat House's (see separate review) ambiance and food. Very tasty! We got free admission into Cat House and LAX by wandering around in the building earlier in the day. LAX was not particularly my thing, but thats okay. . . For being on the south end of The Strip, it was still fairly easy to get around. Especially if you are not opposed to walking. Also the connecting breeze way to Mandalay Bay was nice, and one of my favorite restaurants I ate at was there: Burger Bar.
Cheap and a bit further down the strip. I stayed here by myself and the concierge and front house staff were very friendly and gave me a room in the tower with free internet.. . It is a short walk to the strip but you are at the bottom part of it.. . The hotel is a bit older than the others but I was  satisfied with the cleanliness and price.
The mall is awesome. the casino is a little creepy. We didn't stay here, just casino hopped. The architecture tripped me up a bit because I was afraid the ceiling was going to collapse. hahah... beautiful though. The casino area needs to be updated a little bit too... otherwise pretty cool!
It's average.  Nothing great, but cheap and clean.  There are better places to stay.
I plopped down here for couple of nights because I thought it would be way cool to stay in a pyramid and it was cool. I really enjoyed the novelty of it all and the lower prices that come with staying at a place located off of "The Strip" were an added bonus. I got a thrill out of all the phony Egyptian things, the silliness of it all and the inclined elevators.. . My room was spacious, clean and well-appointed though somewhat beginning to show it's age. The desk services friendly but getting around on the ground floor can be somewhat confusing since, like all places in Vegas town, all pathways lead to gambling. . I took in a couple of their shows like Blue Man which I thought was over pricey what it was, their restaurants and food services which I found to be marginally OK, but nothing special. . . If you like lower priced rooms, a lot of hokey contrived stuff and prefer not to be in the heart of Vegas or on the strip like I do, it's a pretty good choice.
The Building is very impressive but confusing. Rooms are ok. There are not enough covered parking spots. Pool closes around 8pm (bad!!). "MORE"-Buffet is awesome though (but extra charge). Hotel is ok but I'd go for another the next time
For an upscale Vegas hotel, the rooms were...surprising not that exciting. We got some average-priced hotel rooms with the slant, but the elevator ride up was a nightmare (each elevator was a bit shaky, or noisy, or made sounds) and while the pyramid soap was interesting, the lack of wifi in the room wasn't that great.. The main casino floor was nice - semi-easy to get lost in, if you weren't paying attention, but easy enough to navigate after a bit. The pool was nice, but a lot of the stuff is expensive.. Otherwise, it was ok. Not the best, but it was ok.
After I booked our stay at the Luxor I came to Yelp to see the reviews. After reading some I got a little discouraged to stay there. BUT, you shouldn't believe EVERYTHING till you've encountered it yourself. Everyone has their OWN opinions, these are mine. . . We (my fiance, my 16mon old daughter, & I) stayed from Dec. 2nd-6th 2012 (Yes, it took me THIS long to review it. So sue me).   . . PROS: . -Free parking. -Upper level parking has entrance right into the casino. . -Fast check-in (especially for a Friday). -Starbucks at practically every corner . -Buffet was decent (different review). -Decent room (good enough to sleep in). -Monorail between Mandalay and Excalibur. . CONS:. -Those DAMN timeshare people. -Just 2 elevators! (Luckily our room was near one). -Layout of the casino is kinda scattered for my taste. -FAR end of the strip (then again that can be a Pro for some people). -Getting a drink took almost an hr, according to the mister (then again, they WANT you to spend more on gambling). . All in all, it was ok especially for the price. Although the room was a little dark, it didn't really matter cuz who wants bright lights after drinking all night? Lol! For the price alone...I'd stay there again.
Over my last ten visits to Las Vegas, I have stayed at the Luxor four of those times. I have personally stayed at many other upscale hotels in Las Vegas, but for an honest and reasonable price, the Luxor is where its at.. . The Luxor provides the whole Vegas feel, with their iconic structure and design, and like I said, for a very reasonable price. The few disadvantages are that its more towards the beginning of the strip, so a little walking will be done to get more into the middle of the strip, but the connections to the Excalibur and New York New York, make it a little easier to get ahead on the Strip. I'd say this hotel is very kid friendly and also provides a fairly big casino.. . The Luxor is also home to ( believe it or not ) probably the best or one of the best shows i've seen in Vegas. I have to admit I was very skeptical but after reading the reviews I had to give it a try, and it did not disappoint one bit. Hilarious show, its a must see.. . I also enjoy the Luxor's pool area. Very classic Egyptian feel to it, almost like an Oasis of endless water. Club LAX is also one of the nicer clubs I have been to in Vegas, and i've been to some very trashy ones before.. . Overall, great place. They can add a little more excitement to the Casino floor, maybe more music, party atmosphere going on but other than that, good job.
Stayed here during my Vegas trip, and it was just alright.. . It's located towards the end of the strip, so night life was difficult unless you're a super walker or a luxurious taxi rider.. . One thing I must say is that the Evening Call (Fat Tuesdays wannabee) drinks spot is so damn delicious.. . But let's get back to this review on the hotel!. . My friends and I ended up with a suite, and it was just alright. There was a lot of weird spaces in the room, which made the room awkward. But then again, once you're drunk, I'm sure you can take advantage of that space with someone special ;). What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas right? ;) On another note, there was a HUGE dead moth located near the windows of our suite, EW. But it wasn't like we would die with it..... . If you're big on security, this place is for you because in order to get up to your hotel, you need the card to your room EVERY SINGLE time you're on the elevator. So, it could be annoying-- but safety is always first. But for me, I wasn't bringing a million dollars to gamble, so I really had nothing to lose.. . . Overall, this place was alright. It didn't meet my expectations, but then again, I have high expectations. As for proximity to the strip, I thought it was a bit far-- especially since we had to walk through a million bridges to get to our destination. Coming back? Eh, probably not.
Just stayed at the Luxor. The suite was beautiful and the staff was helpful and enjoyable.  I did seem to have some trouble with getting charges to the room - some services within the hotel allowed it and others didn't.  I would recommend the Private pool and cabanas, which costs more, but limits the users.
Stayed here a few weeks ago and its nothing special. This was the first time I had been in the luxor, so I was definitely impressed when I walked in. Its so cool to stay inside a pyramid shaped hotel, its especially cool to stand in the hallways of the rooms and look down at everyone on the ground floor (how safe it is for drunk people is another story). The rooms are clean, the staff is friendly and there is a nice variety of restaurants. . We gambled here for a little bit and the slots were not in our favor. We also went to the LAX club which was terrible but i'll leave that for the LAX yelp page. . . Overall its a nice place to stay, its clean and its near the strip. The downsides:. . -the pool is lame. You have to walk past like 3 really nice pools that are for reservation only to the "public" pool which is kind of dingy and overcrowded.. . -The slots don't pay out.. . -Its a trek to get to the main strip, even with the metro rail.. . -The club is terrible.
The luxor is your mid-range vegas spot.  Its a big pyramid!  Everything else is pretty typical.  The lines are mostly medium sized to check in.  There are like 50 check-in counters, but all never seem to be used, making lines pretty sizeable unless your getting in at 3am.. . The rooms and bathrooms are nice, but a bit below the bar for Vegas.  Alot of the rooms seem a bit outdated, but once again, not to the degree that you feel dirty.. . The casino floor is typical.  Drink service is slow.  Even at the card tables, you dont seem to get much attention.  Dont even wait for a server if your on the slots.. . The workers were friendly and luxor was hosting carrot top when I was there last, which is a suprisingly good show.. . There is also a food court with a 24hr mcdonalds.  You get coupons when you check in, and they come in handy after those long nights at the club.  ;). . ***IF your married, check out the booth in the center upstairs for free couples tickets to carrot top***
Stayed at the Luxor for a single night during the summer for a friend's bachelor party. Easy to find on the strip and located within walking distance of the places most people want to see. Had to wait about 20 minutes due to long lines at check in.  Room was nice, nothing special. The hall ways on our floor were oddly slanted (not due to intoxication) giving me the impression that the building is going through some structural issues.  Chose the Luxor because it had the best price. $120 double queen on a Friday.
They advertise Wifi but no in room Wifi! Better then Excaliber and and CIrcus if in the tower. I got the free upgrade but the only difference I could tell was the room was a cube instead of one slanted pyramid wall. The view was of the parking lot and A/C units so why bother opening the curtains. They did not honor my itinerary hold on MLife and it would have been cheaper to pay for an extra day I didn't use. Moreover, they don't advertise the $20/day resort fee. For $30 mid week it's good, more then that NY NY is much better and the Ti is worth extra as well since it's centered in the action. The checkin in unic, could not spell my name while reading it from my license and after the third attemp I asked for a non dyslexic supervisor and suprise he found my reservation. So why 3 stars instead of 1? The bed was very comfortable and clean. The room was quiet and the A/C was cold in 115 degree summer heat. I though the free upgrade was a joke untill I read the reviews on the pyramid rooms. Also, $20 dining coupon and two free show tickets bumped it back up.
Just returned from Vegas. Being a last minute trip there weren't very many hotels on the strip that were budget friendly other than the Luxor. I have to say for the price it was a decent hotel.  The rooms were larger than I thought and it was easy to get around to the nearby hotels. The only downside was during the check in process we were not asked if we'd like a smoking or non-smoking floor.  We got stuck in a smoking room and after calling to see if we could get it changed we were told we would have to wait until the following day.  Besides that little issue the hotel was fine!
You can tell this place is getting old and even though we got a summer discount, they could do more to keep it looking good. There was corrosion around our shower, the place isn't impressively clean, but again, for a weekday discount it served a purpose.
I decided to stay at the Luxor a couple of years back. After visiting the property's casino many times on past visits, I decided to try the rooms out, as I usually stay and gamble on the Boulder Highway side of town. As some of the other reviewers have mentioned here, I thought it would be very unique to stay in a Pyramid room, so I gave it a try.  Keep in mind that this property has really done away with a lot of the Egyptian theming and artwork over the past few years, and is moving towards a more modern, hip look.  I kind of liked it better when it was Egyptian.. . I'm a member of the players club, but got a much better rate directly on the Luxor's website utilizing one of their offers, which gives anywhere from 5-15% off the going room rate depending on what time you book it. I booked a Pyramid Deluxe Room at a rate of $116 per night, which was not bad for a weekend. Utilizing the offer meant paying for the room in advance, which was no problem.. . I arrived at the Front Desk at around 11:30 pm. There was no check-in line whatsoever, but I'm guessing that it was due to the fact that it was almost midnight. The front desk clerk had no problem locating my reservation. However, I had paid for the room in full in advance but she kept saying that my debit card was not charged yet, and it declined when she tried to charge it for the full amount of the room. A couple of minutes later, she arrived with a manager saying there was a mix-up somewhere and that the room had indeed already been paid for. I didn't really appreciate the time she wasted in doing all that.. . I was given a room on the second floor, and after locating the elevators, I realized that they had placed me in a East Tower Deluxe room instead of the Pyramid Deluxe room I had booked online. I'm aware that the room types and preferences are not guaranteed when booking on their website, and they classify the Tower rooms as being nicer and bigger than the Pyramid rooms (they actually classified the Tower room as a free upgrade,) but I decided to stay here specifically for the novelty of staying in the Pyramid. Point blank, if I would've known this was going to happen, I probably wouldn't have bothered staying here.. . The East Tower room, #2333, although it wasn't what I originally reserved, was very nice. I didn't have any issues with cleanliness, maid service, wear and tear or anything else some of the other reviewers have pointed out. The one thing I did take note of was that I could hear the plumbing from other rooms and it was pretty loud. Whether someone was taking a shower or flushing the toilet, you could definitely hear it - almost louder than being directly in the room it was coming from.. . I opted for the high-speed internet connection both nights and it worked flawlessly, along with the entertainment center and all the other amenities the room had to offer. The bathroom contained a separate deep-soaking tub and a glassed in shower stall. Water pressure was very good.. . The casino is huge with a large variety of slots and tables. I actually won some money here, which is unusual for being on the Strip, period! Cocktail/beverage service was very rapid.. . The only restaurants I visited were LIttle Caesars Pizza and Nathan's Hot Dogs which are both located in the Food Court. Although they've always been great, I did notice they tended to be a bit pricier here than at their standalone stores, but hey, it's Vegas right?. . Check-out was flawless, and I received a full refund on the cash incidental deposit I left with them, minus the charges for high-speed internet. They did ask me how everything was, but really didn't have too much to say when I explained that I didn't receive the room type I had originally booked. I did happen to notice that the check-in line was packed, slow moving and almost going out the front door at this time, so I can definitely agree with some other reviewers that it seems to stay very long during peak periods.. . Overall, it was an okay stay, and other than the fact that I didn't get the Pyramid Deluxe room and the issue the desk clerk had with billing at check-in, the place was flawless and I'd definitely be back. I've heard that if you book through the Player's Club, you can use the North Entrance to check in, which is probably a big time saver, and also might have a better change of getting the room type you desire. I'll have to look into that on my next trip.  . . Just a quick heads up - the spa suites in the Pyramid no longer have spas that are working.  I guess they are too old, and the property decided to discontinue the upkeep.  Some friends recently visited and mentioned that they're now just like regular tubs without jets.  Something to consider, because these rooms were always high-dollar, even when the spas were working!
We stayed at the Luxor for a weekend.  The check-in line was very long but moved at a decent pace.  The person that checked us in was very helpful, I think her name was Lisa.  We had a room on the 19th floor with a spectacular view.  The amenities were very nice but we did have one problem.  The temperature of our room was not adequate.  The first night we were too warm.  Called the front desk and they said they would send someone up.  We were not in the room at the time of service.  When we got back to the room it did not feel any different.  We called the front desk again and were told that the room temp measured 75 degrees.  Perhaps it did, BY THE AIR VENT!  The only cool place in the room was right next to the air vent.  We asked that they come up and check again.  Again we were not in the room at the time of service.  We came back to find the two chairs lined up to 'direct' the air further into the room.  REALLY???  We suffered through another night of inadequate temperature.  I would have rated the hotel higher had this not been an issue.  We did like that fact that it was connected to other hotels, lots of shopping, gambling and shows
Alt und sehenswert. Nicht die erste Wahl.. Das Luxor  von auen sicher eines der interessantesten Hotels am Strip. Die Pyramide, allein die hell leuchtende Spitze, dazu sie Sphinx, all die agyptischen Figuren  das hat schon was.. Die Zimmer sind gro, mit groem Badezimmer. Die Mobel sind schon etwas abgewohnt, Matratzen in meinem Raum waren ok. Groer Flat-TV wurde irgendwann mal nachgerustet, LAN ist vorhanden. KEIN WLAN, fur mich ein no-go, ich hatte das in der Beschreibung nicht gelesen. Selbst im Lobby-Bereich kein zugangliches WLAN fur iphone etc. Sorry, das ist wirklich nicht mehr up to date.. Die Aufzuge sind ein Erlebnis  schrag laufen sie an der Pyramide entlang. Auch sonst ist das Innen des Hauses sehr schon. Das Casino schon etwas alter, wird gerade an allen moglichen Ecken mit dem Hinweis we build a complete new Luxor renoviert.. Der Preis ist super, gunstiger geht es nur noch im Circus Circus oder weg vom Strip.. Der deuce fahrt direkt vor der Tur, so ist der pulsierendere Teil des Strips gut zu erreichen. Die 3-Tages-Karte fur 20 Dollar lohnt sich einfach immer. So nah auch alles aussieht  die Entfernungen sind nicht zu unterschatzen.
Alt und sehenswert. Nicht die erste Wahl.. . Das Luxor - von auen sicher eines der interessantesten Hotels am Strip. Die Pyramide, allein die hell leuchtende Spitze, dazu sie Sphinx, all die agyptischen Figuren - das hat schon was.. . Die Zimmer sind gro, mit groem Badezimmer. Die Mobel sind schon etwas abgewohnt, Matratzen in meinem Raum waren ok. Groer Flat-TV wurde irgendwann mal nachgerustet, LAN ist vorhanden. KEIN WLAN, fur mich ein no-go, ich hatte das in der Beschreibung nicht gelesen. Selbst im Lobby-Bereich kein zugangliches WLAN fur iphone etc. Sorry, das ist wirklich nicht mehr up to date.. . Die Aufzuge sind ein Erlebnis - schrag laufen sie an der Pyramide entlang. Auch sonst ist das "Innen" des Hauses sehr schon. Das Casino schon etwas alter, wird gerade an allen moglichen Ecken mit dem Hinweis "we build a complete new Luxor" renoviert.. . Der Preis ist super, gunstiger geht es nur noch im Circus Circus oder weg vom Strip.. . Der "deuce" fahrt direkt vor der Tur, so ist der pulsierendere Teil des Strips gut zu erreichen. Die 3-Tages-Karte fur 20 Dollar lohnt sich einfach immer. So nah auch alles aussieht - die Entfernungen sind nicht zu unterschatzen.
First time staying at Luxor cause the price was good specially during the Labor Day weekend. Front desk was was ok we got our keys and a coupon book. We got the Deluxe tower room with two queen size bed. The room was not the greatest but it has a stand up shower and a tub which we didn't use because it was still dirty from the previous guest. It was spacious and clean has some rust in the tub and I was told it was more newer than the pyramid rooms. Our first night in the room the ac wasn't working as good the room was warm and we check the temperature and everything was on high. Valet took 30mins to get our car but after that they were pretty good on getting it right away. Also, they don't have wifi and when i read about it in the reviews i was ok with it because ill have signal nope in the room we had little service for sprint and Verizon provider. Overall our stay was good didn't have a problem with the front desk or housekeeping, the room was just warm but was bearable. Will probably not stay here again unless we're on a budget.
If you're attending a convention at Mandalay Bay and don't want to pay for a $$$$ room, opt to stay here. You can walk between the properties without stepping foot outdoors. Downside? You're at the end of the strip with nada buddy!. I have to agree with Mark W, Luxor was ultra cool back in the day. They used to have a family/kid friendly area upstairs, but now it's ghostland. As far as lodging goes, I've stayed for a business trip and for a vacay in the new towers. Never had a problem. Well, there was a time when I checked into a room and the carpet was damp. I thought there was a leak in the bathroom, but the front desk said they recently shampooed all the carpets on the floor I was staying on. Random, but good in a way I guess. HIGHLY suggest you avoid staying in the pyramid because I've heard it can be a doozy with all the noises and smaller living space.. LAX nightclub? It's small. I would say it might be a hair larger than Blush @Wynn.
It was my first time staying at the Luxor. It was my honeymoon and I've always wanted to stay at the Luxor and finally did. The hotel was okay. I recommend doing a lot if research before you go. I didn't find out until I was there on my honeymoon that is was edc time. Which I was pissed off about. The"kids" that attended this were so rude and honestly the hotel didn't care at all.. . Than our hotel room was bad. Sink was leaking, light above the bed made a weird noise when it was on, the AC didn't really work in the room, the do not disturb sign was gone and replaced than someone took it off our door again, and the shower head sucked.. . I think I'm being pretty nice and rating them with a 3 star when it should be lower for the price I paid for the room for a week of hell!
It was my first time staying at the Luxor and I was not expecting much. But I was a little surprised of how well our stay was. Cheap rooms, friendly Staff, the decor in the rooms was decent for the price. Nothing was broken, stained, chipped, but rather in good condition. Most likely will stay here again.
An OK strip hotel. I've stayed in most hotels along the strip and this one is good. No tub shower in the Pyramid Deluxe Room so that was nice. It was a guy's weekend so, who really cares about the room. They gave me a free 4 day/3night stay within a year so, I'm coming back. The check in/check out was quick so, thats a plus. The sports book was nice and The Public House makes great drinks.
I've actually never stayed in this hotel, but I have visited it plenty.  They have a lot going on here.  I like that they are connected to Mandalay Bay, which I am also a fan of.  I LOVE sneaking onto the elevators that go diagonally... I mean, how freaking cool is that?  They have some great exhibits (Bodies/Titanic) and shows (Believe, Jabbawockis, etc) and they have that yummy Tacos and Tequila restaurant right smack in the middle of it all.  I also checked out LAX Nightclub and I liked it so much better than both 1 Oak and Pure.  It was much bigger and has several floors.. . Overall, this is a fun place to hang out and stay busy.
The "check in" area is very confusing. Signs don't help & I'm not a fan of the customer service area. OMG the elevators. I know Luxor is a shape of a pyramid, but STILL elevators are not supposed to shake like its a freakin' earthquake!. .  I gave it 3 stars & not two, because, they have a good buffet. They also have great deals at the restaurants, say if you "checked in" on Yelp and/or Foursqare. Luxor is very beautiful on the outside day, ESPECIALLY at night. They have this light shining from the top to the sky. . . They have sales people wanting you to go to the time share at "Grand View" & Luxor will actually give you free shows or in my case free 4 dys/3nts next time at Luxor. If you get the free hotel, I'd say take it....ITS FREE!! I know you have to go through the whole time share, but still. . . Its your opinion on what you think of Luxor. Check it out for the deals, but I'd recommend not to stay here, unless you got a freebie. :)
Decent hotel with bargain prices.  Once you read about this story though, you'll be glad the walls can't talk.  I brought a girl back here one night for some "adult fun".  We fell asleep after and about an hour later I figured it'd be great to have some more "adult fun".  HUGE MISTAKE!  I tapped her on the shoulder and she started making noises as if she was going to vomit.  I immediately ripped the sheets off and . she started vomiting in the fetal position!!!  That's not the bad part!  At the same time, she defacated!  I was freaking out!  I pulled out the fitted sheet like a freaking magician.     The flowers are still standing!  I wanted to say Ta Da!  I had to wipe her off and threw the sheets in the tub.  Threw a nasty comforter on top of her and made a dirty Las Vegas motel sandwich.  Recipe:  comforter - messed up chick - bare Vegas mattress.  . . I woke up on the floor, where I slept, and woke her up to send her off a few hours later.  She asked what happened and I didn't have the heart to tell her.  I'm sure she knew though.  Feel sorry for the cleaning staff there.. . Oh...almost forgot to review the actual hotel.  The beds are super hard, but the bathrooms are nice.  Try to get a room in the pyramid.  The elevators are sweet!  Last time I went it was under renovation, so I'm sure it's a bit nicer now.
Nice quite rooms and a good location for getting around. Kind of showing it's age though.  Great price!
We stayed here for a couple nights just to experience what it's like staying in a pyramid. . . The staff was friendly and check in was pretty fast because they have a lot of staff. We stayed on the 18th floor and the view was nice inside and out. The elevator ride up was interesting..didn't expect to move sideways..we were caught off balance.lol . . The only negative thing I would say is the walk from your car to your room is pretty far. We did valet when we had to check in and I'm glad we did because it would suck to have to carry all our luggage with us.. . Which I just remembered about their valet. The service was bad..there was a line of cars the guy had me go to the side and pull up to the cone. We got out of the car and started taking out our stuff and then the guy moved the cone and told us that we need to move forward! Seriously?! So we put our stuff back in and moved the car all the way and then the guy didn't even call anyone for us to help us with our luggage, my gf had to go find someone. Luckily the guy that helped us with our luggage was awesome! I don't remember his name but he was super friendly!. . The hotel is just ok of course you can find some place better for the price. It's just a hotel to stay for a couple nights to experience the pyramid.
Ok. We have a 21(ish) year old hotel on the strip - and because of this, you can't beat the prices to stay here. . . I, to be honest, usually stay at MGM. However, my recent trip was for my other half's 40th birthday and he wanted to stay in the pyramid. We got a killer deal on a deluxe pyramid room - we were on the 21st floor as far from the elevators as humanly possible, basically in a corner. We had a giant room, with a big king size bed, a massive bathtub with a view, and a separate living room, and a separate bathroom with a shower and toilet. . . Our room was nonsmoking, and actually seemed pretty clean air-wise. I have really bad allergies and had no issues. Our room, being so high up and so far from elevators tucked away, was also very quiet. And yes, the "sideways" elevators will catch you off guard when drinking or not paying attention. . . Checking in was painless and the front desk always seemed exceptionally well staffed. Checking out - just as painless. . . Where the Luxor is lacking is this: the hotel is starting to show its age. Our shower leaked onto the bathroom floor. There was a few inches of dust on the sprinklers in the room. The elevators are wrecked - super squeaky and banged up, the buttons on the floor look like drunks have drop kicked them. The tile trim around the tv stand in our room was broken off and laying on the floor. A picture frame was shattered. Any surface out of the way - under the a/c or couch, needed a vacuuming. . . I just made it sound dreadful - but it isn't. It's just feeling like it needs a deep cleaning.  I wasn't grossed out or inconvenienced - our bedding and towels were clean and fresh and the room was well appointed and comfortable - you just look in a corner and wonder the last time someone really vacuumed. Again- not enough for me to even complain to staff. It's just lost a bit of its polish after 20 years of abuse from drunks. . . I'd stay in a pyramid suite again in a heartbeat - the view, privacy, giant tub, and convenience of the Luxor to the strip are all fantastic - especially for the prices rooms have been going for there. It's comfortable and we really have no complaints - just remember it's not one of the brand new high end hotels anymore. It's now a nice hotel very well priced for the amenities it offers. And don't look too closely.
Over the past few years, they've remodeled and repositioned this property to target more of the younger crowd.  Most of the Egyptian design elements are gone and have been replaced by ultra-lounges and nightclubs.  The number of slot machines and table games have been drastically reduced over the years.. . We've stayed here a couple of times and the rooms are ok.  They're not the most luxurious rooms in the city, but they're comfortable.  The best rooms are in the towers and not in the pyramid.  The rooms in the pyramid are older and smaller.  If you have a choice, I'd recommend staying in the hotel towers....unless you want to stay in a pyramid, which is cool to do at least once.. . The food options here are ok, nothing special by Vegas standards.. . Return Factor - 70%
Last weekend my wife and I took a GetAway after a few weeks of craziness . This hotel was awesome. It combined good value with a side of elegance and quality that was even greater than the value.. . Reserved a King Deluxe Room and was upgraded to a King Deluxe Tower Room w/ Pillow Top mattress, a deep soaking tub, a flat screen TV, some couches, and more. . . The overall layout of the hotel and casino area was easy to navigate so we never got lost.. . The only downside was the smoking. I don't think I'll ever get used to indoor smoking...eww!!! . . . Definitely recommend this place to anyone wanting a good experience in Las Vegas!!
We stayed here over the summer for a weekend bachelor party. It is a very easy to get around hotel and casino since it's just a giant pyramid looking thing. You can definitely tell it's an older hotel compared to some of the others, but not awful either.. . We had a deluxe room that was pretty large. It had a bunch of couches and tables, a couple of flat screen TVs, a huge bathroom with shower, soaking tub, and two sinks, and a big comfortable bed with tons of comfy pillows. I liked it.. . As for the rest of the hotel and casino, we really didn't take advantage of it much. I think I ate at the deli one late drunken night, tested out the pool on the last day, and saw the Jabbawockeez show. Oh and the food court, ate there a bunch of times. Pretty standard offerings there.
Had an decent stay at the Luxor. This hotel is on the strip so the location is great. Out of all the hotels on the strip this hotel was one that hasn't had a testimonial of bed bugs in a year according to bedbugregistry.com so that was one reason of the decision to stay. The hotel has alot of resort fees that aren't really mention when booking through third parties websites. So make sure you confirm with third party sites and the hotel itself.. . Pros: . . -Decent Room Sizes. -Room Service/Housekeeping very prompt. . -Clean. - Hotel has a Great Aroma loved it every time we entered the hotel.. - Comfy beds (did not wanna get up) . - Nice flat screen TV. - Casino. - Bars. - Restaurants . . Cons : . . -No Wifi (that freaking sucks)   . -No Microwave (so no late night leftovers/snacks back to the room). -Cheap Iron (iron wasn't heavy duty as expected and took a while to heat up). - Rooms are not near the elevators ( make sure you request a room near the elevators or it will seem like you have walked the whole perimeter of the hotel either sober or intoxicated seriously speaking!!!!!  . - Hair Dryer was very week kept dying out on me.. - The elevators feels like you are literally drifting to one side the back to other side. Weird! Obviously not level and it feels insane when intoxicated. Lol!  . . I would recommend this hotel just to come and go when in Vegas. Reasonable prices, customer service and location.
Not real clean in places.  Food is mediocre.  Bar options are limited.  But the rooms are cheap . . I knew all of this going into it - it met expectations - so if you just need a place to lay your head and plan to bounce around from place to place this is as good as any to have been a home base.
Cheap hotel/resort at the start of the Strip. Thinking you're closer than you are to it because of it's blinding light. Pyramid soap?! Yep... it's Luxor.. . My friends and I here stayed for a weekend during a conference and it was fine. We booked a room in the East Tower with two full sized beds but stuffed six of us into the room (hey, that's what you do in Vegas if you're a grad student...). If you're planning on stuffing people into rooms, definitely consider a tower room since the pyramid is a bit smaller.. . The decor is a bit older than most other hotels so it felt a bit gaudy. I'm into Egypt and all, but the alarming number of hieroglyphics on the walls scared me. Also, Carrot Top's face sprinkled all over is enough of a scare as well.. . Plus, people here don't know how to party. We were chastised for being too loud by the hotel staff twice in a span of two minutes because both rooms next to us called and complained... at MIDNIGHT on FRIDAY NIGHT. wooo.... definitely tells you about the demographic of the people staying here.. . So hotel is cheap. Self-parking is available and manageable, but during winter, can be a bit uncomfortable walking there from the main hotel. Bring a jacket!
With a name like Luxor you would think that this place would be more luxurious.  It is actually about as 'no frills' as it gets on the Las Vegas strip.  It is an okay place to stay if in need of just a basic room. It just isn't the place to stay if you want to have the full Vegas experience.  . . I stayed here when I recently visited Vegas, and my room was facing the Sphinx in the front.  I could see part of the strip, but  had a great view of the race track across the street.  It was cool to see the rally races, but I was woken up by the racing almost every morning I was here.  Apparently the windows aren't very sound proof and I was able to hear their engines and exhausts from across the street and 19 floors up.  There is really nothing special about the rooms themselves, and they are on the smallish side.  My room was slanted on the window side because of the shape of the building, which made it feel even smaller.  The only cool thing about the room was the awesome pyramid shaped soaps in the bathroom.  . . The casino area of the Luxor is not very big.  Their are some restaurants and attractions, but nothing special.  I hardly spent any time here when I left my room, and found myself visiting other casinos a lot.  The other thing that I didn't like about the Luxor is that it is at the edge of the West side of the strip.  I had to take a cab almost everywhere I wanted to go because of the location. . . The Luxor is a decent place to stay if just in need of a room.  There are not a lot of fun things to do here, so I would stay at another hotel if I wanted a more complete Las Vegas experience.
We decided to stay at the Luxor to celebrate my friends upcoming wedding. Let's just say it's time for an upgrade, as the hotel rooms are starting to look run down. The shower head didn't work properly, the buffet was horrible, and the slot machines hardly paid out. . . If you're looking for a place to simple lay your heard then this is the place for you. If you're looking for anything fancy stay at other hotels further up the strip.
I first stayed at the Luxor in 1998 and had a grand time, my first Vegas trip.. . Now in 2013, I still stay here, something must keep me coming back.  Ah yes, the free rooms.. . Honestly, its "okay".  The whole theme thing in Vegas is getting dated fast.  Modern & luxury are trumping niche and gauche these days.  . . The rooms are nice, they are clean, they treat me well, I can't complain about the service or anything.  Other than the Starbucks there, the employees are super mega assholes every single fucking time I swear.. . Lately they've been pumping some tropical coconut flavor in the air and its gross.  Like as you walk in the casino you'll smell it.  I go home smelling like it.  . . Go, enjoy the cheap prices, know you are a few steps up from Excalibur or downtown, but know you are way way beneath something newer like Aria.  As long as I keep getting my free rooms, it's where I'll call home.
The Luxor of 2013 is less lush than the Luxor of 2004, but it's still a nice property. I was not expecting Wynn or The Four Seasons when I made a last minute reservation; if you're looking for five star treatment pull out the platinum Amex or drop a few grand on the felt; if you're looking for a clean reasonable room for a last minute jaunt, step inside. For sleep, quiet and a hot shower, the Luxor fit my needs. No in-room wifi? This is the age of the the smartphone and my LTE was brilliant in my pyramid room. Hit any of the casino floors in walking distance and there's free wifi galore; if you don't want to pay for porn, download it before you come. Staff were friendly, the room is clean & the water is hot. . The queue at the check-in was my only rant; either have extra staff on hand for peak periods or give me some distraction while I wait ( you have a great foyer, why not some live music, a California greeting or a candy cane compliments of the hotel to contemplate while I wait..?). Next year it might be the Bellagio, but this holiday at the Luxor is off to a great start.
My family stayed here from 12/23/2013-12/27/2013. We were able to book 2 Pyramid Deluxe Queen rooms for an average of only about $60/night per room (standard rate of $32 per night, plus 12% tax and $22.40 resort fees), thanks to the Cyber Monday LV hotel promotions!. . The standard room was clean and spacious, just alright for 2 persons. Just ask for higher floors (10 and up) to avoid the noise from the casino as much as possible. We were at the 11th floor (rooms 11071 and 11072), and it was quiet. We also got rooms with a view of the pool, which is better compared to no view at all.. . With that being said, to the other reviewers who complain about the rooms being outdated and boring, you should just lay out those credit cards and upgrade to the Tower room, which is the Luxor's newer building. Or, better yet, book somewhere else in the nicer hotels in the middle of the strip! Otherwise, don't set your expectations too high if you're trying to save (like me!), and only want to shell out less than $100 per night for a room and use my cash on other Vegas activities!
