Vegas food doesn't impress me too much but this is off the strip and good. One star off for bad/slow service. Another star off since the food is good but it wasn't too memorable. The only thing I can remember (and the reason why we went) was the stuffed dates (get that).
I'm glad my friend and I tried this place out a couple of weeks ago.  We took a cab here from our hotel and surprisingly it wasn't that far from the Vegas Strip.  We ended waiting for about 20-30 minutes before we got seated and as soon as we were seated, we didn't hesitate to order.  Problem was, our waiter wasn't ready to order and was no where to be found!  After 15 minutes we finally flagged him down to take our order because we were HUNGRY! .  . The stuffed dates were delicious.  The beet salad, however should be called the pecan salad because we had about 4 tiny slices of beets and a whole lot of pecans (sigh).  The tuna tartare wasn't the best I've ever had, but it was definitely fresh.  The paella was large and flavorful, so I'd get that again the next time for sure.  The steamed mussels were so so and the filet burgers was alright, but probably only because I was too full from the other plates to really enjoy it (sigh).. . Although I only gave this place a 3 star, I'd come back again simply because it was a nice change away from food on the strip and the menu was surprisingly cheap. I love the vibe this place gives out, it was definitely a cool place to be and seemed like a fun hangout spot for the locals.  Hopefully the service is a bit better next time (I had to flag him down many times for basic needs).  . . I'm looking forward to my next Vegas trip so I can try the other tapas on the menu!
Sangria is so-so. Food is bland and not unique. Bay Area has way better places for tapas.
Today was the first day that I had been able to go back to Firefly in over 2 and a half years. It would have been five stars easily, if it was based off of my prior experiences, but not so much anymore. Three stars seems too low for a place that use that used to hold a special place in my heart and stomach, so four stars seems about right.. . The savory tapas are still delicious.. . The standout dishes are:. Tortilla espanola- A potato omelet dish garnished with sriracha sauce and  parsley.. Crispy duck rolls- Fried duck egg roll served with a hoisin dressing.. Camarones a la diabla- A spicy and sweet shrimp dish. Get some extra bread and mop up the sauce.. Shrimp ceviche-  Large chunks of shrimp, avocado, diced onions and bell pepper tossed in lime juice and served with tortilla strips.. Stuffed dates- Dates stuffed with almonds, wrapped in bacon, fried crispy, garnished with goat cheese and parsley. . . If it was not 12:30pm... who am I kidding, if I wasn't driving, I would have been drinking. Remember kids, don't drink and drive. Make someone else be the DD. Their red and white sangrias are delicious. The best part of the drunken state comes from eating the fermented fruit floating around. After a few, it becomes a game to catch them all. Firefly's mojitos are amazing as well. My personal favorite are the mango or blood orange.  Even though it is a rum drink, that uses simple syrup, the fruit juices don't make it overbearingly sweet.. . The real disappointment lies in the desserts. I use to love this place for their banana nutella sandwiches and the chocolate tres leches cake, but the former was lacking immensely today. For one, there was hardly any banana in the sandwiches and they were cooked so dry that I needed to ladle the nutella onto it. Don't get me wrong, I would drink nutella, but I want to have the choice to go without it and that was taken away from me. The tres leches cake was delicious, but did it get smaller? Since coming back to Vegas, this has been the first time I looked at a dish and said, "WTF, where is my food?".. . I should have gone with my first instinct and gone to the Lunch Box for their waffle ice cream sandwich.
Firefly is a good place to do happy hour.... They have some pretty sweet  HH specials, and the small plates lend themselves well to snacking.  They have lots of flavored mojitos, many of which I've tried (I generally find them a bit on the sweet side) and their famous sangria at a sizeable discount. . . The food, as far as vegan choices go, is pretty limited, but tasty enough.  There's gazpacho (my fave), patatas bravas (minus the aioli), some salads that can have the cheese left off, a lentil dish, and a large plate pasta.  You can fill up if you get three or four of these, but your socks will remain firmly on your feet.  . . The service varies - sometimes great, sometimes pretty bad, usually in between.  They serve food pretty late, so it's also a good option for late night snacking. . . For non-veggie people, apparently the bacon-wrapped dates are a little piece of heaven.
I wouldve given them 5 stars if the service was better.  I got there with friends early enough to miss the crowds that usually end up there right before dinner time (5-7pm) The hostess seated us facing the sun..so I really couldnt read my menu, or even see who exactly sat infront of me. I politely asked her if we could move to another booth or table and she said "umm NO"..SO I moved us to another table anyway and flagged down a waiter. UGH rude ass woman..ANYWHO..food was AWESOME! I loved the stuff dates and their fries. The sangria was amazing and fresh! We all had a good time catching up before leaving Vegas..I would DEF recommend this place if your looking for a nice chill spot early in the day..best times to go are btw 1-4pm...crowds WILL show up for the dinner rush  :)
Not a fan.. Food is just OK. Atmosphere is just weird. Wait sucks. Not for me.
Best mojitos and tapas EVER! Moreso the mojitos.. just sayin. $28 bucks for a pitcher? Yes sir! Always busy, always... but the food and drink make up for it.
barely a 3 if that... yelpers dunno what's up with all the high reviews. . tapas bar with bar tasting food. i used to live in spain so i love tapas. i expected so much from this place with all the great reviews.. . bread with tomato jamon serrano and machego cheese, the quality of the jamon here sucks, the bread was soggy by the time i actually got it because they at first forgot the ham and cheese, then they came back with just cheese, then had to go back for the jamon.. boo. . jamon and machego cheese plate was a disappointment, the ham is poorly sliced  (too thick) and  like a said earlier low quality. . tortilla espanola, dry without flavor, like they made it a long time ago and just had it sitting out, sauce was weird. . patata bravas were good, nothing noteworthy.  camarones al ajillo actually the best thing we ordered. ribs with mango sauce... my friends liked it but i didn't. filet with mushrooms, not bad nothing special. . hugely disappointed with this meal, i skipped dessert, left hungry with lots of food on the table. they kept bringing the food out really quickly that we ran out of space on our table, plates were hanging off the sides of the table. you would think that either #1 the waiter would tell us we ordered too much or #2 they would bring things out a a slower pace than 3 plates at a time.
I just got back from an experience at Firefly meeting with a friend to have dinner. I wanted to get this review in quick before I forgot about all the little nuances and why it is getting a 3-star rating , instead of the 4 or 5 it should have gotten.. . First, I want to point out that I am a huge fan of Firefly. It is one of my favorite spots in Las Vegas and honestly if I'm going to have tapas I am going to go to Firefly. Personally my favorite Firefly was the one in The Plaza downtown, but since I cannot review that one since it is now closed *sad face*, I will be satisfied with the location on Paradise.. . First off, this location's parking situation has always irritated me. And  often when they do valet I just can't believe it. It's a ridiculous situation. But that is the least of my complaints for tonight. First let me begin with the service - it was "okay". The food came out quickly, none of our meals were forgotten, but when it came to delivering our check, the waiter dropped the ball - BIG TIME. He came and asked us if we wanted dessert and we said no, he asked if we wanted more drinks, we said no. This is a clear indication that we wanted OUR CHECK. Our check never came. We sat for a little over 30 minutes and we were forced to wave down a girl, who was not even our server so we could get our check. *sigh*. . This was a bad experience, I must admit, because all of my other experiences at Firefly have been superb! Both at the Paradise AND Downtown location.. . What about the food? Well, I strayed from my favorites this time ( I LOVE the shrimp ceviche, it is SO delicious). This time I had the artichoke toasts. These were good and the aioli on them made them delectable! However, I also had the empanada (probably the worst empanada I've ever had in my entire life). And the mushroom tart. Here's what I have to say about the mushroom tart: it's too big for a tapa, unless you're sharing, it's too rich for a tapa, and I really wish I had known that.. . On this occasion I did not have sangria, but I do highly recommend it based on my previous experiences, especially if you are in a large group - spring for the pitchers! . . Lastly - the banana Nutella dessert IS absolutely delicious and although I did not have it on this visit I highly recommend it. . . I will absolutely go back to Firefly, but I think I'm going to stick to my favorites from now on: ceviche, the fries, and the artichoke toasts. I really wish I could have given a better review, but just based off the tapas I ordered and the poor service, only a 3-star rating it shall be until I make a return trip.
It's F*ing dark in here. Sorry, not a fan of dim lighted areas, service sucked, didnt get my food till about 30 mins of sitting down and do not come here for dinner. Portions are small and probably a place just to kick it at
First of all, take a taxi. Being Vegas novices we tried the monorail and besides being expensive we still had to walk nearly a mile in Vegas heat. Our next move was a good one though. We started out with a pitcher of the red sangria which was wonderful. I think we could have downed another pitcher easily, but it was lunch even if we were tourists in LV. The server helped guide us through the extensive menu. Our dishes were overall pretty good though the sangria was better. Standouts included the blue cheese sliders and the bacon wrapped dates.  Skip the paella. It was pricey and mediocre.
I'm still a fan of Firefly, but for some reason I think this place is beginning to rub me the wrong way. Maybe it's because when they had their place downtown I really enjoyed going there over going to the Paradise location and now I'm forced to go to the Paradise location because the downtown location closed.. . I went here last night and shared Sangrias with a group of friends and also ordered some ceviche. My boyfriend had never been here before and he didn't seem too impressed. He (and I) were incredibly annoyed by the very, very loud group of girls to the right of us. We were seated in the front part of the restaurant in the couch area and they were directly to the right of us. At times I couldn't even hear my boyfriend and he was sitting right next to me. Good luck trying to hear the other people in my party.. . The sangria was good, our waiter was attentive and nice. The atmosphere is the same 'ol. Maybe I'm just ready to move on to a new place...
I had a ho hum experience at Firefly.. . Our party wanted to have a lighter fare for dinner before hitting the clubs later that night (and the pool the next day) so we though tapas would be a great idea.. . I tried the sliders, bacon wrapped dates, and macaroni cheese. The sliders I think were the best thing I tried, followed closely by the dates. The mac and cheese was nothing special. I looked around and everything were a decent size and price. Everyone seemed happy with what they got. I also tried the sangria which again, was lackluster in my opinion. It did nothing really to continue my buzz started earlier on in the day.. . We also had two or three of our tapas "forgotten" so when we checked with the waiter, the explanation was that the order was never written down. Oh well, not a huge loss.. . Not bad, but again, not compelling enough for me to come back when I am in Vegas again. It is a little out of the way from the strip so plan accordingly, our taxi driver got lost on the way there...
After reading such good reviews on Yelp, my wife and I came here on a Saturday night. What impressed us was that we arrived at probably the busiest time with no reservation, and had a minimal wait for a table. The food was, as the other reviewers stated, very good. Not in my top ten, but I could see myself coming back and bringing friends. . . We ordered the ham & cheese croquettes, ahi tuna tartare, filet mignon sliders, crispy duck rolls w/ cherry sauce, and the dessert plate...no complaints, but next time we will probably order something different off of their expansive menu. . . Some cons - It was very dark inside, to the point that I thought my ahi tuna was tomatoes because I couldn't see. . . It was very very loud, which I wasn't quite expecting because I was told it would be a nice intimate place to get wine and apps. But there were bachelorette parties and a lot of college kids (not too far from UNLV) making the place really...REALLY...loud. I guess I wasn'texpecting this place in a nice little strip mall (next too a few other upscale places like Ruth Chris' Steak House) to be so much like a bar.. . There was also almost too many servers for the relatively small restaurant. We had a few different people come to our table, and had a hard time remembering who was our actual waiter, and who was just a busser. . . It's not too too expensive either, so that's nice.. . We may go back eventually, but maybe during a less busy time.
Disappointed.  I had such high expectations for this place and the food was just OK at best.  . . The bacon wrapped dates was the best item that we had and even then, it was super oily.  Everything was just way too greasy and salty.  On the bright side, the portions and prices were reasonable ($5-15 plate). Parking is easy and service is pleasant.
As much as I'd love to give this place four stars (even five), I had an unpleasant experience with a bartender here that ruined the aspect of customer service that's otherwise nice. I was waiting to get change from his register, and apparently the person in front of me was also getting change as well (at the time I didn't realize this). When I was next to get change, the bartender gave me a dirty look and shook his head like I was supposed to give my change to him at the exact moment the other person wanted it, for the convenience of making one trip to the register (which, yes, I could understand, but didn't realize the person in front of me was getting change too). It wasn't like he had to walk far to the register to get it, but he said something that I didn't hear since it was so loud (which probably wasn't good judging from the look on his face), and handed off my change with an attitude. . . On the plus side, I like the atmosphere for the sake of it always being festive, busy, and lively. There are some choices on the menu that I'd definitely pass up on (just because the portions are too small for the price they ask), but then again most of the items on the menu are delicious and have flavor to them. It's a great place to go for an outing with friends when you want to be festive, but not spend a fortune.
For what it is, Firefly works. The concept is great, and the quality of their product was high.. . HOWEVER, If I am hungry, I will probably pass on heading Fireflys way. I absolutely loved the dishes I had. The potatoes were awesome, and the grilled shrimp hit the spot. But ladies and gentlemen, I am 6' 220 lbs. I could easily spend $100 on my own mixing and matching these tiny plates. The service was alright, although my friends who come here often tell me it is sometimes shakey. . . I will definately be back for some drinks, but never on an empty stomach!!
Came here as a group of 4 on a saturday afternoon after finding this place on yelp and looking at the menu.  I must admit that it is one of the cheaper tapas restaurant that I've heard of.. . Pros: Service was good with waitresses and waters constantly checking on us. . . Many different tapas to choose from including some unique ones that I had never heard of.  . Cons: Flavor of tapas is nothing special.  I feel like other tapas places may have smaller portions but at least they are more flavorful and authentic.... . We ordered the paella which was absolutely TERRIBLE!  no hint of saffron, really mushy rice...I felt bad because my friends have never had paella before.  I suppose its good to set the bar low. . Sangria isnt worth it...there was too much ICE despite the fact that I asked for light ice and the waiter responded "of course" Its $7 a glass and $28 a  pitcher...if a pitcher comes out to ~4 glasses full of ice...why not just order 4 glasses. If you're contemplating ordering the pitcher because its a better deal...don't bother.  its not.. . The waiter also forgot to put in our beef skewer order which resulted in another 10 minute wait after all the food was cleared off the table....
Came here based on a recommendation from a co-worker and yelp review.  Showed up as a solo on a early Friday night.  Food was excellent, service was just as good.  Both the waitress (Irina) and the supporting staff were friendly and very attentive.  Had such an excellent experience that I decided to go for lunch on Saturday afternoon.  I was seated promptly on one of their couches...and proceeded to sit there unnoticed for five plus minutes.  The hostess who sat me finally noticed that noone had come over to check on me so she promptly brought me a plate of their bread/olives.  Another ten minutes passed still no one to welcome me or take my drink order.  Fifteen plus minutes is more than I can bear.  As great as my experience was on Friday, I definitely experienced the complete opposite Saturday.
Dudes, yall have been letting me down with your soggy fries, lukewarm food and piss poor service the past few visits.. Your sangria, bacon wrapped dates, and sexy, casual vibe is your only saving grace.. . I need to find a new spot to bring visitors. Thanks.
This place was good, had a date here.. very crowded but still the atmosphere was nice, pretty noisy nonetheless food was really good, took a while to get to us, but very good!
We came here with friends and I wasn't blown away by it. I had a mediocre experience and didn't feel the food was as great as described. I'll have to admit the restaurant made me reconsider my feelings towards dates, because their stuffed dates with blue cheese was really good. The bread was also good. Other than that though, I didn't think much was special. The tuna tartare was bland, and the mac n' cheese was pretty ordinary. I prefer the steamed mussels on the Strip at Bouchon. However, because everyone has such great reviews for this place, I'll have to come back and try it again!
Nice place to take a girl to at night.. Very dim and loud with music.  Service is wonderful, food portions are a bit small so don't come here starving.  Had some ahi cubes with chips.  Place is pretty packed at night and open during lunch.  . . Parking is very tight, small lot shared.
Overall the tapas plates we tried were okay.  We got a table in less than 15 min on a Friday which was nice, but that was because we were there around 5:30pm.  . . We ordered the curry mussels because this was my favorite thing I tried on the east coast and I have been determined to find a suitable replacement on the west coast.  Unfortunately, the flavor of the sauce was a little more coconut, and a lot less curry than what I have been craving.  . . The patatas bravas were good, I loved the spicy aioli, but I would have preferred a crispier outer layer on the potatoes.  Some of them had it, but most did not.. . My favorite tapas was the tuna peppers, which was surprising because this was not my pick but I am so happy that we ordered it because the dish is delicious, and they have a perfect little kick to them.. . And finally, I ordered the tortilla de espanola.  I could eat this all day.  While my husband loved the bell pepper vinaigrette, I was not a fan.
I am not sure why people swoon over this iteration of Firefly.  It's not bad, but it is not great.  Service was spotty, the food my wife and I ordered was delivered haphazardly and late, and it just was not great.  The garlic fries are always tasty, the bacon wrapped stuffed figs I ordered were burned, and while we wanted this to be our "go to" place, it just wasn't good enough to warrant a return visit.  Maybe we just got the wrong food.  I like the Paradise location better, but maybe it was the trip to Madrid and San Sebastian that spoiled me....this just did not deliver the authentic tapas experience I was hoping for.....
Food is good. The service improves, but staggers to fill their customers needs due to understaffed for the volume of customers. . . Try the sangria !
Don't get me wrong, I LOVE the food at Firefly. Everything is extremely tasty and it really is one of the best tapas restaurants around. Everything from the starter plate of toasted bread, olives, and almond butter to the dessert of rum soaked bananas and nutella sandwiches is perfect. I really don't think I've had a dish there that I didn't like! My favorites are the bacon wrapped dates, macaroni and cheese, stuffed mushrooms, and paella.  . . BUT minus a few stars because I was trying to pay for the meal sneakily so I handed off my credit card to the waitress as I "went to the restroom". She brought it back to me at the table saying that my card was declined...which was embarrassing. I didn't think it was possible so I asked another waiter to try it again and then I was told it's actually their SYSTEM that was down. Honestly in that kind of situation I would have appreciated if they handled it a little more appropriately or at least pulled me to the side to let me know instead of stating it in front of the entire party. Luckily I was with two of my closest friends so it wasn't THAT big of an embarrassment..
I think with this place having SUCH high reviews, I expected more. instead, the popular dishes listed on yelp really were kind of a letdown minus a few shining stars. . STARS!!!. -the RED SANGRIA! prob one of the yummiest sangrias i've had in awhile. -the stuffed dates. I don't even normally like dates, but it was wrapped in amazing bacon goodness AND it didn't taste liek a date! haha. -tuna tartare, this was my favorite........just light, refreshing, fresh tuna and perfect amount of avocado and the chips that came with it were delicious!. - the service. amazing service. everyone here is very friendly and sweet.. . average:. . artichoke toasts. They were good, but not great.. crispy duck roll was a little dry and only ok, but still flavorful and yes, filled with lots of duck. . some downfalls :(. all the other dishes we ate.. . -the shrimp ceviche was sooo sour, they basically just threw in lemon juice into a bowl and threw some shrimp in it. -the famed filet mignon sliders had terrible bread and the steak was chewy. the "manchego mac n' cheese" lacked flavor and was really bland. . I've definitely been to better tapas spots and if I'm back in vegas, unfortunately, will most likely not be back.
So I should start off with saying that my husband and I could not afford the 3 to 4 thousand minimums on the strip for our wedding reception. I had been to the firefly before and liked the food enough and the vibe enough. So the good, I live in Seattle and I am privilege to really amazing food. If you live in Seattle and you make a decent living a month you also know what good food is and likely don't even realize how good you are eating because you take for granted how fresh and local everything is. So yeah, we chose tapas. It was good. They had some really great and delicious items but it was not amazing by any means but then again nothing I ate in Vegas was amazing. I am convinced that amazing food is very difficult to come by in a desert.  So the food was betterthan anything we had eaten in Vegas but by no means amazing. The service was o.k. People waited  longer for drinks than I would have liked them too considering we booked this six months in advance. Our space was cramped, at the back of the restaurant in a corner. A bit more space even two or three inches between tables would have made moving about easier. They did however allow us to bring in an Elvis impersonator at no additional charge. That was awesome. We had ordered a lovely cake from a local bakery that we were charged per head for yet when the cake was brought out it was obviously straight from the walk in and the frosting was cold and hard. We brought the remaining cake back to the hotel with us and were able to fully appreciate how delicious it was once it was at a warmer temp the next day. Firefly was an ok pick for being on a budget, however if we would have had a few extra K to spend for a reception we would have taken the party elsewhere. It was not great neither bad. It is close to the strip.
Solid tapas, great service and amazing prices!  We liked the food but did not have anything that knocked us over (anchovies, grilled octopus, baby beet salad, meatballs, Tiera y Mar skewers).  Good sangria.  Good option if you want to get away from all the chains filling Vegas.
Tried this place last night. It was packed and although my friends and I enjoyed all the food overall, there were some serious service snafus. Our server was hurried and not at all on top of it. He should have had some help, as he made a couple of serious mistakes. I ordered a glass of cabernet and my partner asked for chardonnay. Almost every restaurant automatically serve the 'house' or lowest price wine when someone orders a glass of cab etc. Our server did not. He took it upon himself to substitute a glass that was 3 times the price of the house wine (the portion of wine was also very small, like 4 ounces). When the check arrived I tried to find the manager, and a hostess finally foind him outside. He was nice enough  and said he would fix the check. He reduced the  wine portion from $48 to $24, still $4 more than it should have been. Our server managed a poor apology and told me he was too busy and simply made a mistake. Hmmmm. Not buying it. Another note, get rid of the crappy, loud piped in Spanish music and add  some air conditioning,thr restaurant atmosphete made us all want to leave asap. So food 4 stars, service 2 stars.
All the tapas I've had are good.  The sangria is also good.  The place can be very noisy so don't go if you're looking for an intimate dinner.
It's a fun place to go. I love sharing my food family style so this place is great for me. The dishes we chose were hit and miss, though. An eggplant and goat cheese dish had the eggplant so thin, it was overwhelmed by the 90% cheese portion. An egg/potato/something else dish was very... potatoey, though what was I expecting from it huh? Filet mignon and Thai beef salad were delicious though. Glad I tried it, but probably wouldn't return.
first tappas bar experience but Ive known about them for a while and had high expectations for this place after seeing the reviews.  However of our 4 different dishes, none impressed :(. Lobster bites was good (how can you mess up lobster lol) but nothing spectacular and not worth the price in our opinion). exact same feelings for the Shrimp tempura, which was more crispy strings than shrimp.. Chicken chorizo was a disappointment, we made bootleg stuffed mushrooms mixing in whatever we had in the fridge that came out better than these.. I couldnt really eat the slidders since they had a sauce on it that Im picky about but wife said they were good, not special.
I give it 3.5 stars only because I have been to lots of tapas places and have had better food.. . Maybe in Vegas this is the best place for Tapas?. . It was ok. Good food. Nothing great. If I lived here would probably not come back.
We were 50/50 with drinks and food. Some of them were done so poorly they went right back to the kitchen. Others were outstanding.. . A little quality control is in order here. Get to work Dave!. . PS Not at ALL the same vibe as on the strip. This was Chevy's Fresh Mex-ish and suitable for Hank to sit on the table.
My first Firefly experience was A-OK. I went with a vegan friend and I was super excited to see that the menu is easily vegan friendly with a couple little tweaks.The bread they brought in the beginning was awesomely tasty. I was extremely grateful that they brought us that bread after I got my main plate.  I totally felt my inner fat kid come out when the waitress brought me my Tierra Y Mar Skewers (aka Skewers with shrimp, sausage, and filet minion.. yummmyyyy) and there were only 3 little skewers. My best advice for someone that is going for the first time? If you want to feel super full, order 2 or 3 main dishes or go to town on the bread and order a pitcher of the sangria. I would totally go back if one of my friends asked me to go with them. This is not a good restaurant if you are ready to pig out. This is a great restaurant if you like unique food that is made with a little TLC.
Cool, hip place off the strip. Read all the great yelp reviews and decided to give it a shot while visiting my parents. They are pretty straightforward eaters so they were pretty critical. I thought some of the dishes were very good and some were not executed too well. The best was the tuna tartare and the signature dates wrapped in bacon.. The beet salad hardly had any beets. Mainly lettuce. The empanadas were mostly pastry, and the fillings (had a vegetable and meat) needed more seasoning.  The filet sliders could have better better if the steak was not cooked wekk done. Meat was tender, just way overcooked.. We had 4-5 other plates. Just nothing to make to come back when I am in town with all the other great dining choices.. On a plus note, prices were very reasonable and service was quick and friendly. Just don't get all the raves about the food.
Firefly is a great place, but I've had a couple of not so great experiences with their seafood, which is a shame cause I love ze fishies.
Great service and alright food.
This place is HYPE. . . .  Sorry to all my fellow yelpers who gave them solid 4's and 5 but the dishes sound A WHOLE LOT better on paper than executed!. .   So we were on our way to Capriottis and I told PIC to make a U-turn and please lets go to Firefly LOL.  So we came in before the lunch rush. Place is cute nothing toooo special. Service was good. Scaled the menu and again I want it all LOL! So we order a few things. The goat cheese stuffed peppers. They were ok but not even close to Jaleos version of it. The empanadas were for the PIC, they were good but I wasn't focused on that. The albondias wasn't a soup but a plate of meatballs in some red sauce. The came out lukewarm not even hot. I hate that shit because I rarely get borderline cold food! But that ruined my favorite latin dish! The mushroom puff pastry dish was HUGE, way to big. I wish they detailed that on the menu! It was AOK Just to large and didn't go with the theme of the eatery to me! The favorite dish of the lunch was the shrimp tempura. The veggies that were also tempura were BOMB. The carrots so damn good. I could eat a whole plate of those carrots! . .  I might comeback here if I was with a bunch of gfs in Vegas wanting something off the grid a bit!  But yea this is hype to me. SOWEE
We saw this place for the first time in 12/11 but could not get in because it was packed with a wait time of almost 2 hours. Then we saw it on TV on a food channel, maybe Restaurant Stakeout, where it was profiled for horrible service. During this trip to Vegas we stopped by in late afternoon and were seated immediately, although we were warned that the computers were down so the service may be slow.. . The experience was mixed. The wife loved her beet salad, and I got smoked salmon on toasts that was very good. We also split a vegie empanada that was good, although the wife liked it better than I. . . Our "main" courses consisted of lamb skewers for the wife and serrano sliders for me. Her lamb was tough and chewy. The toughest lamb she ever had at any restaurant in her life. She actually just spit it out in a napkin. My sliders were not very good. There was no serrano ham. I asked the waitress if they forgot to add the ham and she said it was in the beef patty. That was a lie, because the patty was pure beef, unless the ham was microscopic and flavorless. Another problem is that the sliders were dry and overcooked. And I mean way overcooked, as in hockey pucks. Overall, the flavors did not come together with the aioli and it just did not taste good. I could barely finish the two sliders, and frankly, I did not want to. On the  positive side, the food came out in a timely manner, despite problems with the computer. . . The service was substandard. Our waitress Fernanda disappeared after taking our order. I had to ask random waiters for another drink and for the bill. Mind you, this was 4:30pm and the place was not busy. Where she was or what she was doing, I have no idea. Groups of waiters/waitresses were congregating and talking, hugging, laughing, etc. Apparently, the Restaurant Stakeout effect has worn off. . . On the positive side, we arrived during happy hour so drinks were half price. . . I wanted to try the filet mignon sliders but they were not on the menu.. . My wife wants to give this place a 4, my experience was a 2, so I am compromising on a 3, as in average, not "A-ok". I would never return and would never choose to spend my money at this place again.
Let me first begin with 5 stars on service! The most friendly staff ever! Very professional, doting, and incredibly familiar with the menu. But the food was seriously lacking compared to what I was prepared for. We had the ceviche, tune tartare, stuffed dates, octopus, spicy shrimp, and beet salad. Everything was good, but nothing was great or memorable. The words that come to mind are flat and boring. Mind you the ambiance is not included in this discription. The ambiance is very lively and drinking in moderation is not recommended. In a world filled with tapas restaurants this is not the top of my list.
Small plates not so much..  Order one or two plates less as the portion size is huge!  Food is ok.
I think I've eaten at Firefly one too many times to give it an objective review, but here goes.. . As far as solid tapas and group dining goes, you'll have a pretty good experience at Firefly. Some of my favorites are the perennial staple: the bacon wrapped dates, boquerones, artichoke toasts and tomato soup (w/brie grilled cheese). The menu has changed minimally since I first visited about 6 years ago and I wish they'd give some thought to additions. Yes, they have a lot on the menu, but like I said I've eaten there so much that it's a little difficult to give an objective review.. . I haven't been able to find sangria as good as Firefly's anywhere. I don't know what their secret is, but they better not let it out. You can get it by the glass or by the pitcher and if you drink like me, the pitcher isn't a bad deal.. . The service can be apathetic and awkward at best and negligent at worst. Several times I've dined there and have been tempted to not leave a tip because service is SO bad. I get that they are busy, but it's time to figure out a new strategy, hire people who care and give that service experience the attention it needs.. . This is a good place for a date (not a first date because it's so damn loud in there), a group dinner (although they hate those and it's so obvious) or to take someone who's never had tapas before. I know I'll be back and my expectations will be managed.
Disappointed. First time went there on Friday night.. A lot of people, but we made reservation, we got our table right away once we walked in, which is very good. The flavor of the food was decent, but either they have made some shortcut of that night or that's normal for them, certain food wasn't fresh, . . warm spinach salad - there are some mushy and old spinach leaves.. steam mussels - not bad, but the red curry was missing some hearty flavor to it.  . stuffed mushroom - taste decent. meatball - texture was good.. babyback ribs - the sauce/glaze was pretty good, but the texture was not, it seems like the ribs have been refrigerated for a long time and get forgotten.. lamb chop - this is fine. filet mignon sliders - overbooked, dry and the fries/onion strings was so soggy, it looks like microwave from overnight onion strings. . Baked tetilla - a bit bland, need a bit more seasoning.
If I had actually sat down at a table to have a decent meal, maybe I would have given more stars. But they were so crowded that we had to eat at the bar, 7 people with 3 seats. While you need a coat outside, inside was so hot and humid that we were sweating bullets. Just tried to eat as fast as possible and get the hell outta there!  You just can't enjoy food when being rushed, especially when the food is just OK at best. I don't need to come off the strip for this. . . The plates all sound intriguing, but the taste is kind of one note, like they had a list of spices and HAD to use all of them in EVERY dish. I honestly cannot remember what I had because everything tasted about the same and sorta blended together, not to mention way salty.
Food was very good, service was non-existant.  We waited for 20 minutes after dinner to get coffee and we waited for 30 minutes for the check.  If we had service, it would have been 5 stars.
I do like this restaurant, but I am not sure what the big hype is all about. . . The food is good but in my opinion the taste is not worth the price. There is just nothing about the flavor that makes this restaurant stand out. So either every time I have gone there I order the wrong things (doubtful) or there really is nothing that stands out about their food. I am from the Netherlands, which is not too far from Spain (where everyone always goes for vacation), and have had amazing Spanish food before that the food at Firefly's does not even come close to measuring up to. . . The only thing I have had that I would ever go back to eat that is completely worth it is their ribeye entree. Makes up for all the other dishes, like the flavorless paella. . . Other than that the restaurant is beautiful and upscale compared to the average restaurant. Perfect place to take a date for the second or third time (might be too expensive for the first if you are a poor university student like me) or to have a dinner celebration. The staff was wonderful. . . If you are just looking for a good eatery and aren't eating out for any special occasion, I probably wouldn't suggest this place.
FAST_VIEW: friendly atmosphere, tasty food, fast service but can easily break the bank.. . pros: every dish was solid, vodka shots were infused with flavor and delight!. . cons: every dish was expensive and not particularly outstanding. simply solid. list of items can be overwhelming. . getting here before 5 will beat the crowd on a weekend, which is quite large! by the time we left, a mob had formed a line outside. we were surprised.. . here's what we ordered: scallops, empanada, eggplant, & a vodka shot which amounted to about $30. that's not too bad if you think about it.. . here's the problem: that was probably enough food for a 10 year old. ah he can have a shot, its chocolate, lychee, strawberry infused! delightful!. . the scallops were flavorful!! but seriously tasted like 2 and a half scallops. empanada was tasty but you pay a hefty price for ONE, sliced in half so we actually thought there were 2 at first. the eggplant with goat cheese was tasty but also small. i completely understand this is a tapas place and we appreciated the portion sizes actually. my girlfriend and i tend to share every meal, but at $6-$12 a dish, even with our light appetites we would've had to spend $70 to be just full. i imagine the people with normal appetites.. . so while this place is tasty, i think i'd only come back for the vodka shots. and i'd like to try those filet mignon sliders yelpers have been raving about. ;)
Call me crazy but I'm not that crazy about Firefly. . The food is mediocre to me and there's only a few things that I enjoy eating there which is the bread and the ceviche. You can't really screw those two up. I know the first time I went there I had the petite filet and I was not impressed at all. And I'm a sucker for filet mignon! It was so bland and just....blah. . The only thing I absolutely LOVE is their red sangrias! Good Lord have mercy! Only thing I would go there for! As for their food, I'd rather pass.
I liked everything that we tried. We had the lamb skewer, Croquetas, empanada, crispy duck roll, fried calamari, dates wrapped in bacon.. The place was nice too, service was good.
Not bad.  I'll have to admit I don't get the appeal of Tapas, but the food was more than serviceable.  . . Major complaint would be how the food came out from the kitchen.  No real rhyme or reason as to how it arrived at our table of 7.
Okay so I totally get why this place is so popular, its cheap, fast and mostly easy aside form the long waits. We've never waited before as we use opentable for a reservations which takes away the hassle of standing around outside and being hounded by panhandlers. Anyways.. service is pretty tight and the dishes come out really fast so if you're looking to relax while you're dining you'll need to let your server know that you are in no rush. . . While perusing the menu we ordered a whole pitcher of their tasty sangria, a must. If you don't like wine they also have a full bar though their beer selection kind of sucks all the same bottles everyone else serves. Very disappointing. . . The menu is pretty huge with a little something for everyone. Our server recommended 2-4 plates per person though we totally over ordered, 4 plates each was a little to much for the 3 of us. Below is the laundry list of dishes we order along with quick comments. . . +Tomato bread is chewy bread topped with tomatoes though the juice of the tomato along with salt and vinegar has soaked into the bread making it really moist and flavorful. Loved it.. . -Artichoke toasts.. to be honest I don't even really remember eating these. I guess that would mean they were just alright. . . +Sausage plate was one of my favorites. Thin slices of various cured Spanish sausages along with mustard, pickles, olives etc.. . . +Tuna tartare was huge and for the price a great value. Super fresh tasting with a light seasoning just enough to enhance the flavor of the fish. Winner winner!  . Stuffed dates are addictive and their bacon wrapped version packs a whole lot flavor into one tiny bite.. . -Baked tetilla was alright, melted cheese really. There are better things to order.. . +Manchego Mac n cheese was pretty good. Nice and gooey with a decent crust. . . -Thai beef salad was the weakest dish. I'd say its more like Thai light as there really wasn't a whole lot of flavor from the beef or the dressing. I wouldn't order this salad again.. . +Pulpo asado, grilled octopus, was slightly chewy but had a decent amount of flavor. . . -Chicken and chorizo stuff mushrooms were insanely hot temperature wise, be warned. I thought they were just okay but probably wouldn't order these again either. . . -Ham and cheese croquetas had a good texture but not as tasty as one might imagine.  They needed dipping sauce.. . +Filet mignon sliders were pretty good though I wished that they came out hotter. . . +Baby back ribs were pretty awesome, sticky, porky meaty and satisfying. . . So over all a good time with lots of tasty bites. Definitely great for either a light meal or like we had, a serious tapas feast. Be sure to make your reservations ahead of time!
We wanted the outdoor seating because we were escaping the cold-weather and wanted to enjoy the 75 degree weather.  The street noise was loud and you have a wonderful view of - a parking lot.  If you are thinking 'fine dining' and want the atmosphere to match the qualify of some of the food, the patio may not be for you, and may not be worth the wait.. . The stuffed dates were quite good and 'Tierra y mar' was also a highlight among the 10 items we ordered. Our second round/course (the final three items) was forgotten under the heatlamps, so they were terrible really, absolutely ruined the cheese in one of the dishes.. . Careful: the servings are small so if you are hungry you will be ordering many of them... and they add up.
I eaten at this firefly 3 times and still don't really understand the buzz over it.  All the food items i've tried are very decent tasting.  But i'd say the portions are too small in relation to the prices.  I would need to spend about 50 or 60 bucks to satisfy my appetite here.  I do love the outside deck and eating/drinking in the fresh springtime weather.  I'd recommend this place for drinks and snacks or if you want a small meal.
Food was ok. Pallea had shell fish that wasn't properly cleaned...got a bit of sand and one of the giant shrimps still had most of its vein...yucky. The service and callamary was great. Red sangria was great also!
Hmm...I'm not sure where to begin here. . . Let's try some sandwich management (no pun intended) - positive, negative, positive.. . Positive - The food was great and so were the prices.  I'd say the pricing for the quality and portion size of food was really right on.  Had the Pulpo Asado (octopus), Filet Sliders, Podrano Peppers, and a few other things - all great.  . . Negative - The sangria is SUPER overrated.  My boyfriend and I had almost pitchers and we were stone cold sober afterwards.  It was just a LOT of juice and not much else...not impressed, especially for an "authentic" tapas place.  I should also mention that in general, I really love Sangria, so this was a big disappointment.  Also - the bacon-wrapped dates? I mean, they were good, but not amazing - I've had better.. . Positive - The bartender was super sweet and I really liked the vibe.. . . I'll definitely be back, but next time, no sangria.
Food was quite good here, service was ok but nothing special. We got stuck in the drafty porch corner and seemed to get overlooked by servers a lot so it took awhile to get drinks. I'd give it another shot though next time i'm in Las Vegas.
We came to Firefly to celebrate my fiance's birthday while on a one-night trip to Vegas.  It was my first time at this type of restaurant.  We started off with the sparking sangria, and proceeded to order half of the menu to share among 4 people.  The food was great, but service was a bit slow.  The server didn't offer any recommendations, which seemed odd since the menu is long, and it's a popular place.. . Unfortunately, 50% of our party came down with salmonella poisoning a day later.  My fiance was very ill for 10 days and lost over 14 pounds.  I was lucky, and didn't get sick.  We aren't sure why, but I didn't have any of the seafood dishes, so perhaps it was something there.  . . The food was great, so it's disappointing that their standard of cleanliness with their food preparation is so low.
I ate here twice while visiting Las Vegas in Spring 2013 at the recommendation of my friends who live locally. I enjoyed the food and drinks. But when I went to post my review, I read about the food poisoning incident which closed the place. So i downgraded my rating from a 4 star to 3 star. I hope they find the source of the salmonella and correct the problem. Not good.
Remember your first crush? The one you had as a kid and you fondly look back on it with nothing but good memories? Well Firefly is that to me. This is the place that introduced me to the world of tapas. Years have passed since my first trip here and I have consumedand experienced my fair share of tapas around the world. Some better and some worse than Firefly, but there will always be a little love for the place that started it all. I try to visit once every time I am in Vegas but with the popularity of tapas and small plate restaurants in general growing, there are now incredible tapas restaurants all over the country and the absolute high regard I had for the food here isnt there anymore. . Unfortunately this location was recently shut down due to a Salmonella outbreak. We actually dined there in early March and luckily didnt get sick. I hope they get their stuff together and open up again since this was one of the most popular restaurants in town.
