Wow.... . The last time I stayed here was almost ten years ago... man I feel old.  The rooms look the same way they did 10 years ago.  Old school tube television.  Color schemes from the 80s and worn out furniture.  Why did it even get 3 stars from me... . . I got the room comped over new years weekend and the hotel was pet friendly... which meant that we got to take the spoiled princess dog with us on a little vay-cay.  Other than that it would have been probably 2 stars.  It was sorta nice to be a little bit away from the insane strip madness on new years, which I have done before, but still convenient enough to get back and forth between here and the strip via the secret back roads behind the Rio.
The Rio,  I was a bit disappointed for an All-Suite Hotel. The room felt more like a slightly larger room rather than a suite, while it had a sofa with a pull out bed and a desk and two queen beds it did not have a separate living room area. Also, I was very surprised to not find a coffee maker in the room, even Motel 8 or Motel 6 offer a coffee maker in the room.  The floor to ceiling windows offered a nice view. The buffet was always over crowded, lines of people waiting for what appear to have been a long time.  Would I stay again in the Rio? perhaps if they have a very attractive offer, otherwise I rather go down the list.
this place is a solid 3 for me.  . . The casino is ok.. the buffeet is better than ok (carnival buffet). the spa is blah (yeah, it rhymes). the rooms are ok. the beds are BAD.  . . but for $200 for 3 nights (holiday weekend), there isn't much room to really complain.  They treated me right.
a grand hotel in past life...once weathered by age and little renovations...but, returns fully charged and fully renovated....rooms quite large...comfortable plush beds, but finding a tv to the side annoying...sofa bed in every room....tired morning rise and headed downstairs to the conference rooms on casino level..passing the large casino floor...all the typical slots and card tables...longest of journey...conference rooms quite far...already committed and trekking on....don't give up and continue walking...it's there...
The best part about Rio? It's an all suite hotel...which is nice because I love spacious rooms and large bathrooms :). . Probably not on the list for the best places to stay at in Vegas, but they do offer some pretty sweet deals. We were able to book a suite for 2 during MLK weekend for less than a 100 bucks total. Our king size bed was surprisingly comfy and the room itself was fairly clean.. . There are 2 buffets inside the Rio - the carnival world buffet and the seafood buffet. The carnival one was just your average everything buffet. Don't expect anything too great. I love their seafood buffet though! . . If you want to catch a show, Penn and Teller performs there and you can get a nice discount for tickets since you're staying at the Rio.. . And on a side note, since this hotel is off the strip, expect to be paying for a lot of cab rides to get back and forth because you'll most likely want to visit other hotels for gambling, shows, and clubs.
Decently clean hotel, decent prices, overall it was "just ok". Not 5 star like my fave, the Wynn, but not bad overall.. . Check-In wasn't bad, line wasn't too long & it moved quickly (this was on a Friday around 1pm).. . Casino needs more REGULAR Blackjack tables (they have a ton of the Single-Deck Blackjack tables, which, my boyfriend & I didn't know until this recent trip to the Rio, is played very differently from regular Blackjack).. . Location is off the Strip, but they do have a free shuttle at the back of the hotel (by the entrance to their Carnival World Buffet) that brings you to either Harrah's or Bally's (I usually tipped the driver $1-$2 each trip, but otherwise there is no charge for the shuttle). Shuttle also runs from the morning til 1am, every 1/2 hour.. . In terms of quick bites to eat: Not too many options aside from the Starbucks, which almost always had a long line. They do have other eateries like the Sports Deli (food was decent & portions were big) & a few bars like McFadden's (food sucked here! Avoid at all costs!), but they weren't open in the morning when I wanted a quick breakfast en route to the day's activities.. . Room itself was decently clean, but a bit outdated looking. TV was an older model, the ones that look like alien heads in the back, no flat screen.. . 1 BAD THING: The door to the room my boyfriend & I had wouldn't shut easily, so you had to slam it hard each time. We came back 1 time to find it slightly ajar because Housekeeping didn't slam it, so we could've potentially had a bad situation, if someone saw our door slightly open & decided to clean us out.
Once upon a time this was my favorite casino to hang out at.  When I first moved here in 1993, this was more of a locals joint than a tourist spot.  Now, it's more of a tourist spot than a locals joint.. . The last time we were here, we came to meet friends for drinks at the Voodoo Lounge.  It's the same lounge that I remember, but it lacked the vibe and energy it once had.. . Despite the decline and aging of the hotel, The Better Half and I enjoy Staycations here.  Several times during the year we'll be able to find a great rate and we'll getaway from the house for a few days.  The rooms are spacious and the view of the Strip is great.  . . The restaurants here are ok, they aren't as good as they use to be.....don't know why.  The highlight of this place is Steve Martarano's joint......I love the pasta there!. . Overall, it's a great value if you can find low rates.. . Return Factor - 70%
Only reason I come to RIO is it's usually easy to get comped rooms here.. Pros:  Easy to find parking, easy to get to.. Cons:  Not near the strip, No quality restaurants, Old. . This place has been up for sale for a year or more now and I think that Caesars Entertainment would like to get rid of it.... . It is close to Palms if you like going there which I don't really care much for either.
My review is based completely on the gaming floor. It was just like every other Vegas casino, it wreaked of smoke and I lost money. They had a good selection of machines and tables but the constant dance party going on overhead was a bit distracting.. . I don't know if I'll go back to gamble, especially for the $5 ATM fees.
I stayed here with my family quite a few years ago when my dad was extremely insistent on eating the infamous Rio seafood buffet not once, but twice on the trip.. . As much as I love seafood, this was just a tad of an overkill. I think I stopped eating shrimp for a year after this trip. I don't remember the hotel casinos and lobbies much because this was during a time when I was immensely confused as to why Las Vegas hotels were different and I could never find a clear path between the lobby and the elevators but I do remember being comfortably situated in the armrest chair in our suite while being very uncomfortably over stuffed with seafood.. . Rio is a bit of a walk. Yes, we actually walked from Rio to the strip.  This involved crossing a freeway, not as much fun as you would think it is. I wish we rented a car, but renting a car in Vegas is almost pointless since for the most part most people confine themselves to a walkable distance within the strip.. . What does this mean for you? Don't stay here without a car unless you expect to hike up your trip with cab fares from the Rio to the rest of Las Vegas.
Decent table limits and good rooms. They are suite rooms and got some pretty cool features. One was a TV inside the bathroom mirror. . It did have an HDTV, but no HDTV channels.. I found it funny that one of the channels on the TV rebooted on us and I saw it start to DHCP finding an IP address. . . Casino was pretty good. A lot of tables and it wasn't crowded.. . It is off the strip so take that into consideration when planning. We had a car so it was a non issue.
Very outdated rooms. Nice view. TV and furniture and bathroom and basically the whole entire room looked like it's from the 70s. The TV had 20 channels and most of them you could barely see because the tv was so blurry.  The TV was positioned in the middle of the window which I didn't like either. I did like how spacious the rooms are.  The buffet is nothing special. Everyone kept raving about this Buffett but I didnt see what the big deal was here.  Sure the Buffett was HUGE but the food was dried out and there wasn't that much of it left. The breakfast buffet was way better than the dinner buffet. The best part of the hotel was the Voodoo Lounge on the 51st floor of the hotel. part of this club is outside and it has a 360 view of Vegas which was AMAZING! But be forewarned the beers were $8 each and I didn't realize it until the next morning lol. Also the hotels restaurant options are bad. In my opinion this hotel really needs to be demolished and rebuilt and start over from scratch to stay with the 21st century. I would not stay here again, but I would come here to go to the Voodoo Lounge again!
I love the hotel room but the hotel itself is okay.
Good music while playing games...and nice big sports book...buffet is ok...lots of variety but not at buffet you feel like you have to eat alot to get your moneys worth....not worth it if you've done it before....eat smaller frequent meals....helps to keep you healthier too... :P
Hotel: 3.5 stars. The Rio was our homebase for this trip to Vegas. It was really convienent to have the shuttle that went from the hotel to the strip every half hour. The room was pretty nice. The pullout bed was kinda comfortable and room service was pretty quick to bring up the bedding when we requested it.. . Seafood Buffet: 2.5 Stars. I'm not a huge seafood lover, but my friends are. So we each shelled out (pun intended) $45 for all you can eat seafood buffet. Some of the stuff okay, the sushi was fresh, but the shrimp was over cooked and it was freezing cold in the restaurant.
I have not stayed in the rooms but, I actually like it here a lot. It has a lot of locals offers (many you need to have a players card for). It is pretty big and has a great buffet. It also has the least flattering cocktail outfits that make that make the hottest girls look like they have 80's mom ass. . In all honesty I should give a 3.5 star but it is just not quite a 4 star just because of its age and few improvements.
Rio De Janeiro. . Please add.... . *Looser slots . *Cordial security staff. *More cute shops & under 21 crowd entertainment. *Some much needed glitz & glamor upgrades all around. . To your already.... . *Delicious seafood buffet. *Spacious rooms. *Fun vibe. . ...and it'll definitely turn the Rio back into a poppin' place! I'll be back nonetheless (YAY for rewards points).
Where's the hot water?  We just checked in from a long drive from the Bay Area and can't get a decent shower!  Geez!. . How many times have I stayed at the Rio?  Too many times...I stopped counting.  At least the Ipanema Tower is better from years ago.  They still need to renovate that Masquerade Tower though.  The pet friendly tower just isn't cool.  C'mon, I know you might miss your pugsy wugsy, poodsy woodsy, or something but please, it's Vegas, leave your pets at home or a Pet Hotel.  I don't need the scent of dog in the room you just checked out of and I just checked into.  That is if I am unfortunate enough to get stuck in the Masquerade Tower.. . Mini fridges are located in the rooms which makes it quite convenient to load a private stock of beer and drinks, that are far cheaper, from the grocery store than from the minibar.. . The pools here aren't bad either.  They get nice and sunny.  A lot of kiddies sometimes but OK for the most part.  As far as eating establishments, I would recommend only Mah Jong and Sports Deli.  VooDoo Lounge for the view.  I think the others are just OK... You can find better value and better taste from similar restaurants around Vegas.. . Oh yeah, where's the VIP Diamond love?  Where's my complimentary water when I check in?  And, Diamond Registration Rep's, just cause someone looks cruddy after a long drive doesn't mean we aren't working hard to make ourselves Diamond year-after-year!!!  Don't ask who we are but how we are!  Thou shall not judge others on appearances alone...the Diamond look comes later!
This hotel is decent. Not magnificent, but not too shabby. The price came out to be around $300-360 for two nights over President's Day weekend. I don't know exactly since the hotel room was split among 6 people. The room is fairly big, as well as the area outside the bathroom, which is perfect for getting ready. It's also not too far off the strip, and there is a free shuttle that takes you to hotels nearby.
Good size room. Decent pool area.
Walked around inside.. didn't gamble. . The dancers aren't all that .. my fam said it looked like they were doing ballet.. lol. Went in to the bar a beer and @ $ 5.00 Margareta /(advertised) added up to $16 how IDK.. . Voodoo was crackin' (its a  roof top club and restaurant.). . It was cool for what it was.. not too much... LV seemed empty .. this economy sux.
This is a review for the casino only:. . I like the fact that the Rio has decided to mix their VP lineup with some different machines.  I am generally not fond of the 'bevertainers' and I find it distracting--well sometimes it is.  It just depends if you know what I mean.. . This is a casino I rarely play at unless I'm there for a show or to meet friends.  It tends to be loud, especially in the evenings, and the clientele is of a younger age.  Lots of drinking, yelling, high fiving and all the other things the youngsters do.
The Rio room we stayed in was nice but not luxurious.  We paid an extra $20 a night and upgraded to a higher room with a view of the strip.  We could see the strip at a distance but the view was still beautiful at night when all the lights came on.  There was traffic noise and some train noise.  There were minor imperfections with the room but nothing I could really complain about.  Be aware that there are sensors in the mini bar in their rooms.  All you have to do is touch or pickup an item and they will bill you for it at $8.25 each.  If you see refreshment charges on your bill then by all means tell them and they will remove the charges.  Also check everything over as our package included two free 24 hour Buffet of Buffet tickets and they didn't seem to be aware of it when we checked in.  The manager didn't help at all until my husband called the agent and they then faxed over the necessary information.  We were told to go buy our buffet tickets and they would comp us for the cost.  When we checked out it appeared they forgot to do this.  More hastle but we did get it straightened out as we were checking out.  We had looked forward to seeing Penn and Teller but unfortunately they weren't there the week we went.  Also the free entertainment other than a few strolling singers were closed down.  Avoid McFaddens if you want to drink as their prices are high and their drinks are terrible.  One good thing was the free shuttle to either Harrahs or Ballys.  My husband had planned to gamble a little but he studied the odds and said that he had never seen them so tight in his whole life.  Also we miss the days of gingling coins and flashing lights.  Everything is silent except for the music.  Oh well all things change I suppose.  I doubt we will return.
PROS:. . All-suite hotel. Friendly staff. Shuttle buses to Paris and Bally's. . CONS:. . Located off the strip. Older clientele (think middle-aged and up). Parking garage too damn far (or maybe I'm being a lazyass but I remember walking a lot). Poor housecleaning (there were 3 used bandaids from the previous guest(s) the first time I stayed here. Two in one of the queen sized beds, and one on the floor, AND a beer bottle in the hallway). . I'd pick Rio over Luxor and Excalibur though. It's not too bad, but the used bandaids were kinda gross, even though I wasn't the one who slept in THAT bed ;)
This is a FUN hotel.  Lots going on.  They probably have the biggest and best buffet with every kind of food going.  The endless supply of crab legs is reason enough.....and, in fact, that's what I go for.  They have bartenders juggling bottles and cups.  They have Mardi Gras-like floats.  Lotsa lights, action, and my camera snapping this and that.  I love all the colors.
I've never stayed in the rooms here but my friends and I always stop by and hit their World Buffet... It offers all different types of food from all over the world so there's something for everybody (pizza, salad, pasta, mongolian bbq, chinese, mexican, desserts, etc.). After 3pm they have endless crab legs and we can just sit there for hours grubbin on some goodness.. . The bartender announces over the loud speaker hourly drink specials so that's a PLUS! $3 Margaritas... Gimmie 3!  Service is great, we always have an awesome helpful waiter/waitress.  AND The guy at the dessert counter is always a crack up.. always makin jokes!. . this will be the only meal you'll need to eat for the day! lol.. seriously!
Used to be my hotel of choice in Las Vegas. A few things have me staying elsewhere, and even passing on comped rooms. No 24/7 coffee shop?? What!? Sao Paolo restaurant is open for just a few hours most days, and not at all on others. Other food (Sports Grill, All-American) aren't that great, and don't offer the options of what I call a coffee shop/diner type 24/7 food joint. . Rooms that I've had comped are dated and in disrepair. I'll pay for my room at Orleans before I stay in a beat-up "suite" at Rio. Pool complex is too spread out.....18 different bathtub sized pools with little variations at each. Often private events here and there in the pool area....too much BS for me. Just give me a damn pool and some lounge chairs with a bar close by! . Used to LOVE to go to the VooDoo Lounge for happy hour. The sunset as viewed from the lounge is awesome. Bar is a bit pricey, but it is (or was) an outstanding way to begin the evening......any evening. Now, the lounge is closed until 7 PM. WTF? . Sad and disappointed, we've moved on to other properties. Bottom line; Rio is a nice property with potential to be great, but there's better off the Strip and in a few cases maybe even better on the Strip.
All in all, the Rio isn't a bad place to stay in Vegas. If the exact same property were located directly on the strip, I think I would consider returning.  But since it's located off strip and the property is in need of a fresh coat of paint and some serious Sin City cool-factor rebranding, I wouldn't stay here again. Customer service here is decent, other than the long lines for check-in/out. The rooms are nice, all suites, which was the selling point for me for booking there. Housekeeping seemed a little confused about what towels were required in room. One day we had towels and bathmat, but no washcloth, and another we had washcloths, but no bath mat. . I'm not a big gambler, and the casino felt a little sad (although to be fair I think all casinos seem a little sad). The cocktail waitresses may don the trashiest and skimpiest waitressing outfits in Vegas, and it felt contrived and pathetic when the loud drumming starts up every 15 minutes one of said cocktail waitresses has to get on a stage and dance for her life. I did appreciate that whenever I sat down to gamble for more than a couple minutes, a server would come by to take my drink order. Other than the buffets, the restaurants are pretty scarce including a forlorn and grungy McFadden's. The four pools (including one private topless pool) were rather nice, and offered great people watching. . The Rio is definitely showing its age and as anyone in Vegas knows, once the years are showing, it's time to reinvent yourself and get some work done, or get out of the business.
When the Rio opened, the suites were clean and looked great. I have stayed at the Rio at least once a year for the subsequent 7 years and then I quit going. I quit going because the hotel has not kept the place fresh and clean.  There are too many new hotels to really bother complaining.. . I do miss the memories though and their Seafood Buffet is fun and was a good value. . . They have a system of rating players like all casinos. The more you play, the more you earn points.  If you find that the machines or tables aren't working for you, take a breather and go the the bar and watch the Carnival floats and play video poker for a while. You might get lucky and even get a picture taken with one of the dancers.  I did and even get offered to attend a private meeting!  I refused because I am wired as a committed type but I felt good that a hottie asked me if I could party with her after work.. . If you plan to book here, make sure you get an upgraded suite. Pay more and you will get more.  You'll feel better and may lift your spirits rather than the rooms they offer normal people.
My main problems with the Rio were: the garbage floating in the pools (bottles, cups, straws, etc.) during the daytime, while staff goofed around and flirted with each other instead of cleaning, the extreme long distance you often had to walk with luggage to get from an elevator to a room, the underbaked potatoes delivered by room service, the overpowering ozone used to filter out smoke (gave 5 of us nosebleeds), and the horrible restaurants in the casino (my husband ordered a crown and coke, and got cheap whiskey in Pepsi, I ordered French fries and they came with no salt)... That being said, I have stayed in worse places. The staff were friendly, the rooms large, there were safes and refrigerators available, the beds were not too bad, and the Rio was a $10 cab ride from the strip.
Cool hotel.. . A bit off the strip :/. . Hey, I won money!. . Evo 2011 was a blast though.
While the Rio is off-strip,it does have a free shuttle taking you to other Caesar's/Harrah's properties along the strip. That's useful for getting to shows or other events, but not for airport travel, as luggage isn't allowed on the shuttle.. . I was at the Rio for a conference called Defcon, a computer hacking event. Kudos to the Rio for being willing to hold a conference like that, which I've heard can be hard to find a host hotel for.. . I played some blackjack. The minimum bet was $15, our dealer was friendly to both the winners and losers and drinks were fast. Blackjack pays a traditional 3 to 2 at the Rio, which is a more desirable payout that narrows the house's advantage. While I was just having beers, a friend at the table was ordering top shelf cocktails and getting them almost immediately. Service was fast. Like any casino, drinks are free if you're gambling, but do remember to tip your server and your dealer.. . On the downside, your only good option for food is the Sports Deli for pizza, burgers, and the like. DO NOT go to the buffet, which is as overpriced as it is mediocre.
i got a suite with my sister and it was nice. we got the platinum treatment so our suite was on the top floor facing the a wonderful scenic view of the strip. the area was very spacious and the set up was convenient. the only flaw i have with this hotel is the location. since all the attractions are on the strip and Rio is off the strip you find yourself traveling around. the distance is short but everyone knows that Vegas traffic is horrific, and adding up taxi fares can get pretty pricey. they do have a shuttle that takes you to designated spots off the strip every 30 minutes but the idea that you even have to put effort on vacation is typically unwanted. regards to the hotel attraction, they have a variety of interesting shows like the Chippendale's along with free viewing entertainment like the famous Mardi gras. a great reason why to come here is because of their fabulous carnival world buffet. they have a wide variety of food from different parts of the world, all adding up to a wonderful meal. regards to the pool set up, it's great. different pools for different crowds. i even found myself joining in the party with the nude/topless pool area for adults only. the workers everywhere were friendly as expected which gave me satisfaction with my overall experience. Rio is a good hotel and casino if you want to enjoy the calmer side of Vegas with good food, gambling and company.
My boyfriend and I have already decided that we won't be staying here anymore and the biggest reason of all was that we were off the strip.. Sure, we both agreed that it was fine to just take the free shuttle service, but after a day of being separated from all the fun that could have awaited just outside our hotel doors, it got dull.. .  A few notes:. . HOTEL ROOM. -- Decently sized. A bunch of people who want to save money and aren't going to be spending a lot of time in the hotel should stay here.. -- Out-dated. I could also hear the water running through the pipes making a knocking sound run underneath the sink I was at when my BF was using the other one. The bathtub had a leaky spout too. . -- We didn't even get the room we BOOKED! We reserved a King bed with a view of the strip, instead we got a room with 2 Queen sized beds and a view of construction and an empty lot in the back.. . CASINO. -- There was only one cocktail waitress going around in the section of slots I was in. Not fun when you want to get your drink on while gambling.. -- I could do without the random cocktail waitress karaoke performances throughout the night. Just get off the stage and serve drinks, no wonder I can't find you guys!. -- Small in comparison to the other casinos in Vegas.. . OH. And they also tried to charge us $45.00 in refreshments when we were checking out, saying that it was all from the mini-bar. WHAT THE HECK!? We just touched it, joking about opening a beer and filling it up with water after we finished it, then putting it in back. They must have charged us for the joke. In the end, they took it off.. but still!? We didn't even have one thing from there.. how are they going to claim we took 7 items?
Stayed here many times for free over the past several years as we are a part of their players club.  Overall, a decent hotel, clean too, so long as you know which building to stay in.  Stay away from their buffet if you are into quality food, not just quantity.  The pool is a little murky and the pool staff does not do a good job of cleaning up after it's guests (i.e. throwing away bottles and plastic cups laying around the pools and the lounge chairs etc.).. . Here are some tips for future guests:. . 1. If you are going to stay in this hotel, please be sure you request to stay in the Impanema building, which is the older/original hotel.  Unlike the the rooms in the newer building, these rooms have been renovated within the past 10 years, cleaner and more modern and well kept.  They are pretty spacious too!. 2. It is better to self park than to use the valet as their valet can be a little slow at times.. 3.  Stay away from the All American Bar and Grille inside the hotel.  Food is gross and staff was unhelpful.  I dined here once at 3 am and they had no customers, yet the service lagged and the food was gross.
I have to admit, my expectations were low for my two night- conference related stay @RioVegas . . . I was pleasantly surprised at the size and quality of the room.. . It was nice having coffee just outside the elevators in the morning as well.  Starbucks right there.  Caffeinate me.. . They did not do the greatest job on the conference lunches but if you're not having a conference here you're fine.. . Overall, I would stay here again...that's the bottom line.
Clean, but showing it's age.. . We stayed in the Masquerade Tower.  Our room was large, with a couch, had a fridge (in addition to the honor fridge) and a room safe which I like so you can have a place to securely lock up your winnings (HA!).   . . The carpet had a big stain near the entrance and the sofa had a few small stains as well.  There were also cigarette burns in it.  They also haven't upgraded to flat screen TV's yet (at least in our room).  . . The bed was on the firm side and slightly uncomfortable.  I found the pillows also firm and flat.  Needless to say, I didn't sleep well.  . . A weird thing, but both rolls of toilet paper only had less than and 1/8 of the roll left and there was no spare. You would have thought at least one of the rolls would have been changed.. . Went to the Seafood Buffet, which is another review.  . . Played a little in the casino and did OK.  Also walked next door to the Gold Coast casino the next morning to play.. . This was weekday so we didn't see any of the overhead shows they do in the casino, but I've seen them before and they are fun and free!. . In the end, except being a little far from the strip, (they do have a shuttle to take you to Planet Hollywood), it was OK.  Would like to see them upgrade their rooms in the next few years to help make it a fist class hotel, but then, who goes to Vegas to spend time in their hotel room?
Just got back from frozen fury. (F the av's).. Anywho, we stayed at the Rio all suites. The rooms are very spacious. It had a fridge and and other helpful hotel stuff. We had a view of the pool and the strip which was nice. The casino part is pretty small compared to all the major resorts out there. The pool area was big. They had sand beach's and little grotto's all around. They also have a topless pool however all I saw entering was old men :(  .   The cons would be we had a room that joined the one next to us. The door in between wasn't quite flush to the ground so it sounded like our neighbors were in our room! It didn't help that they were butt holes either. Also if you wanted coffee in your room you had to buy it from the vending machines. And if you have a room facing the pool in between 10am & 6pm They play bass thumping party music that we could hear all the way up on the 26th floor. If you have the inevitable Vegas hangover you will want to have a sniper riffle and pick off the DJ. .   Besides that I'd recommend the Rio all suites. They always have deals on rooms. They have free shuttles to the strip. It's walking distance to the Palms. All the restaurants were pretty good. The roof top bar "Voodoo" has AMAZING views! And Penn & Teller perform there.
I have stayed here twice and would stay again.  The rooms are really big, for being their standard two bedroom queen.  We had 4 people in our room and it was very comfortable and didn't seem crowded.. . The unrenovated rooms look a little worked over but for the price, you can't beat it.  It is a suite and comes with a couch, fridge, seperate bathroom and changing area.  . . I didn't like that the hallways look like they haven't been taken care of in a year, or so.  Someone dropped a drink in the hallway, we were walking down the hall the next evening and it was still laying there.  Even worse, two days later when we were leaving, it was still there.  . . I love that they have a free shuttle from their hotel to Bally's/Paris and Harrah's and back.  This shuttle even runs until 1am.  Bonus.. . I recommend signing up for the Harrah's Reward Card.  You don't have to get a bungy chord for it but you do get great perks if you gamble.  My friends and I just had a comp'd night.  Holler.. . I do like a couple of their bars as well.  I recommend McFaddens for a few reasons.  1.  They might be the only bar in Vegas that serves Smithwicks.  2.  Their bar food is actually really good.  3.  Beer pong.  My friends and I also enjoyed the VooDoo Lounge and iBar.. . I do recommend swinging into Burger King for drunk dinner.  You can substitute a beer for soda.. . We didn't pay for the upgraded room so in addition to our downgraded room, we got a downgraded view of the roof and a lot of satellite dishes.  But, it is a much better view than the one from my desk.
This hotel is always great if you come with a big group.. because the rooms are all suites.  you are also away from the crowded strip and you get a big room!!!  Taxi fares to the strip isn't much.. And the hotel has the great world and seafood buffet so you can purchase the 24hour buffet pass and eat all day! If you have the total rewards card, you can get really cheap or free rooms here if you gamble pretty often.
I've been to the Rio before but never stayed there until now. I have to say it looks like they've improved it.  It's pretty good It has such a party atmosphere and is a really great place to stay if you want to avoid being on the strip.. . The rooms were pretty clean, I mean they're nothing like other rooms, but they have great deals, especially on suites. . . Their suites are pretty big so they're nice if you are staying with a lot of people or you want to hang out in your hotel room before going out.. . The pools are really awesome and the waitresses are super nice! . . It is also a pretty easy hotel to get around.. . Unfortunately, I did not like their bars or restaurants too much. I wish they'd bring some better places in.. . It wasn't as smokey as some of the other hotels.. . There are better hotels in Vegas for sure but I'd stay here again if the price was right.
I like to think of the Rio as the ugly stepchild of all of the Harrah's group casinos. It's old and awkward and just underwhelming in so many ways.. . But, nonetheless, I find myself exploring the Rio fairly often as it is frequently the chosen location of political events (Jefferson-Jackson dinner, Netroots, etc.). So I've seen far more than I ever wanted to of their various conference rooms, etc. I do have to admit, though, that the whole conference / meeting area isn't so bad - well taken care, good restrooms, and easy access to outside.. . The restaurants are lackluster, the pool is ok, the rooms are whatever, there are male cocktail servers, the show in the sky thingy is fun to do once, the random girls dancing around the casino floor on platforms are amusing, etc.. . However, I can never set foot in the Rio without thinking of one particular night a couple years back - and this pretty much sums up what the Rio is like. Left unattended when my friend went to the restroom, I was approached, whilst sitting at a slot machine playing (and wearing a rather conservative outfit), and asked "how much?". Yeah, seriously. I move to another location. Same guy, same question. Move again. Same thing. Move to the bar and tell the bartender. "Oh yeah, that guy. He does that all the time. That's just kind of what happens around here." I was at a loss for words.. . So yeah, can't say I would go out of my way to patronize the Rio. However, I can't really quite give it just 2 stars either. And hey, if you are in the market for a lady of the night, I guess the Rio is the place for you to prowl.
Maybe it is just me.  Maybe I am just too stupid to make the connection.  Maybe I don't pay attention until I care.  Maybe I am self absorbed . . . . or maybe it is I know the Cidade Maravilhosa . . . . Rio de Janiero . . . . . I had no idea that the Rio is a Rio de Janeiro themed hotel . . . Ipanema Tower . . .  Buzios Seafood Restaurant . . . come on I should have connected the dots immediately . . . Ipanema is an upscale neighborhood and beach . . . Buzios an upscale resort town north of Rio . . . I have figured it out immediately but I did not . . . somehow even with all the clues it just lacked the clues I need for it to be Rio.  But back to that later . . . . . I got a great rate so off to Rio I go.  The hotel is your typical casino resort . . . except all the rooms are suites.  Great, I like some space and space is what I got and it was delivered in a clean, efficient manner.  Nothing to complain about especially for the price, $43/night.  The food left something to be desired . . . but hey I can be a hard ass about food especially when the value proposition is askew.  I ate at the All American Bar & Grille and VooDoo.  Look at those review for detail, but the first is OK at best (what it has to do with Rio . . . no idea) and VooDoo . . . well don't you doo the Voodoo . . . enough said unless all you care about is a fantastic view.  . . Wait back to the topic at hand . . . the hotel . . . I don't gamble . . . It was a nice room everything was adequete . . . the bed was not as luxury as last week's at the Golden Nugget.  I guess that is the issue  . . . It was just a bigger room done adequately . . . so disconnected from the expectation I formed once I connected the dots and realized that somehow they were trying to give me a Rio experience . . . Rio is SOOOOOO much more. . . I tried to be fair . . . late one of the nights I went looking for something that connects me to Brasil in a heart beat some cachaca . . .  Real Rio is the home of the Cachaca Institute a place where you can choose between 3000 + different types of cachaca . . . Off I went on my quest . . . certainly they would have some of my beloved cachaca velha . . . one bar, then the next . . . always the same . . . Leblon . . . fuck that is bastardized cachaca distilled by a Frenchman and majority share owned by Bacardi . . . aged in american oak.  I can't taste Brasil in it and it is harsh like pinga (a term used with cheap cachaca).  But wait finally some hope . . . Sagatiba (say it properly Sa ga chee ba - not Sa ga tee ba . . . proud of you, keep up the good work.)  at the final bar . . . my own version of the walk of desperation . . . 'Excuse me did you say Sagatiba?  Puro (aged only to the minimum - used in mixed drinks) and Velha (aged long enough to give it a tint and smooth it out to sip it although a bit rough . . . not true velha)  . . . The bartender said only one let me show you the bottle . . . Puro . . . but authentic Brasilian cachaca nonetheless . . . Maybe the Rio has hope to live up to that expectation . . .  I looked at my momentary best friend and ordered an authentic caipirinha . . . instantly I was just a bit closer to the Cidade Maravilhosa . . . . . Just for that I will return to the Rio, the clean, large rooms and Sagatiba but only for the right price.
Although the Rio isn't the newest hotel out there, there is still allot to do here. Voodoo lounge and Penn & teller are a must!!! Mcfaddens serves GREAT Irish Car Bombs and bar food.
Pros: . -A lot of food selection IE. All American Grill. -Rooms were pretty large and clean. . -Short tower is the better of the two towers. -Diamond Lounge is awesome, free drinks and food (Diamond members only). -Very nice pool area. . Cons:. -Valet took forever / both picking up and dropping off my car. -Crown Club is a joke!! (looked like I was at Compton High's Prom). -Games were on the older side. -The Bartenders were cheap asses...The first night they told me I had to bet more then 25 cents per hand to get free drinks. I started to bet 75cents. The next day a different bartender said I need to bet $1.25 to get the free drinks. Wow...what a joke.
I would have to say my favorite thing about the Rio is the adults only pool. Yes, you can go topless, but that's not why I liked it. I liked it because I find it disturbing that people bring their children to casino/hotels which then forces me to be surrounded by the little buggers. . . Look, kids are great but they do NOT belong in a Vegas casino. It's filled with smoke, assholes like me are swearing and drinking and generally being obnoxious, and let's not forget about the half naked servers. Yea, that's exactly what your 10 year old child should be exposed to...asshats.. . Anyway, I digress. The pool area was perfect. My pals and I spent a large amount of time lounging in the hot tubs and enjoying the waterfalls in the adult section. . . The hotel itself is off the main drag and it's a hot hike over the expressway to get to where the action is. Luckily one of my hotelmates rented a car, so it was easier for us to get around. They did require a credit card at check in to pay for the room up front, which I found very odd. The food offerings are decent but not amazing. The gambling action is standard. The rooms are clean and spacious but there isn't much of a view from many of the rooms. We also had a hell of a time getting any towels delivered on a Saturday. We called 3 times over the course of 2 hours and never saw any. (Boo to that!) . . Overall, it's a nice place, but I'd rather be on main strip next time.
What can I say about Rio? . . I hate their Masquerade Tower---too outdate, too hideous. I felt so stuck, like I never wanted to leave the room because the decor just put me in a bad mood and inhibited me (yeah I know, backwards).  Ipanema Tower is not so bad but get a mountain view because a strip view will make you subject to the loud music coming from the pool. Ugh!. . One thing that's extra special about the Rio is their pool. PHENOMENAL They have a super cold one with a beautiful oyster, a nice adult section, two warm pools, one with sand and a big rock and another a simple swimming pool. Fantastic. I would go to Rio just for their pool. Otherwise, I felt nickel and dimed. I would go to VooDoo and Crown if I am staying at Rio but otherwise I would have no desire. I did not really like the show options that Rio had. . . I did not have a lot of fun at Rio but I felt like others were. So I gave it 3 stars...to be fair.
Pros:. Clean Hotel. Huge Rooms. Cheap Rates. Great Food and Dining Options. Ample Parking. Great Service. . Cons:. Away from Strip. taxi will usually run about $8-10 bucks but I heard they do have shuttle service to the strip. High Minimum's on Table Games. Rooms are far away from the parking lot . . . I would probably stay here again but next time I would definitely stay on the strip!
very mixed bag, here.. . stayed 3 nights - first of which in an unrenovated room in the Ipanema tower.  Not impressed.  Bed sucked, and glasswear was dirty.  Check-in dude told us to come back next day to get a new room.. . We came back down the next day and talked to someone else who gave us a strip-view in the Masquerade Tower, and it was much nicer.  I enjoyed this tower more - even though I heard some rooms in the Ipanema were renovated more recently.  But, why was glasswear in this tower dirty, too?!?!  . . Rooms are hella big when compared to basic rooms everywhere else in Vegas.  Ceiling to floor windows, as well.  Nice.. . Free shuttle to strip is a great option.  used it several times.  tip them a buck or two.. . Slots seemed about average in terms of return.  Certainly better than the Cosmo.. . Sports book was surprisingly decent.  Nothing great, but you can definitely live with it if staying here.. . Unfortunately, their free evening show in the Masquerade Tower area was off the three nights we were there.  The big head is pretty disturbing looking, tho.. . Four stars for room, but knocked down due to dirty items in it... plus the old rooms at Ipanema.. . 3 stars for Casino in general... just doesn't have a very energetic vibe.. . For the money, it's hard to beat since you get a free shuttle to the strip that runs fairly often.
I first stayed at this hotel for my 22rd birthday with some friends. At the time, this was one of the top hotel/suites to stay in along with the Palms. I loved everything about it. An awesome buffet, starbucks, gambling, clubbing ECT. . . 8 years later the boyfriend and I return to stay here for a night. Welll actually we booked this for a "napping place" before heading home, but instead stayed an extra night in Vegas. The Rio does have some amazing deals on the weekday. If I can remember, it was $ 55.00 for a night. In addition, they do not charge a resort fee like the other hotels do, which makes it a hell of a deal. Make sure you have a Total Rewards card the more points on that baby that better you will be later on. However, with such a good deal comes the pit falls........................ . When we arrived, a tour bus just let off a bunch of international tourists who had just came in from the airport and were eager to start their own Vegas experience. So picture this, a full lobby swarming with adults, kids, and granny's all with their luggage waiting to check in. Since I am such an amazing girlfriend, I let Minh stand in line to check us in while I watched our stuff.. . It seemed like the staff at the Rio was working double time to get everyone checked in and moving onto their rooms. It probably took Minh about 20mins or so to get everything squared away and we were off to our room.. . Our suite was on the fourth room, okay not too bad. Highlights included:. . -600 square feet of spaciousness. . -Floor to ceiling windows. Our view was of the delivery area (awesome) at least we have curtains to cover that up!. . -Lounge area (One chair and a couch that turns into a bed). . -25" Television. You have to pull it out and twist it around to watch TV in bed. Make sure you push it back into the entertainment center otherwise; you will knock yourself out walking into it in the middle of the night. . . -Normal king size bed, with a down comforter and some flat pillows. . Now the not so great things:. . -Super paper-thin walls. They were so thin that we could hear our neighbor to the left of us sneeze and cough.. . -The guest who stayed to the right of us setting the alarm clock and it going off while they were not in the room. We were woken up to the beeping of the clock, which went on for almost 2 hours before we figured it was the room to the right. Called the front desk who apologized and sent security right away to the room. Within 15seconds, all was quite again.. . -While lying in bed talking the guest staying above us must have had either a pet or a small child staying in the room. As we kept hearing marbles rolling around the floor at all hours of the night.. . -After coming back from having dinner with our friends and finally falling asleep around 4:45am I was woken up to the sounds of high heels clicking up and down the outside hallway. This went off and on for about an hour.. . -Around 6:00am our neighbors above us have a heavy footstep and I honestly feared my life as the ceiling above our bed creaked and made scary sounds. All I kept thinking was I was going to see feet poking out of the ceiling pretty soon.. . -Water pressure in the shower was horrible along with nonexistent hot water. . . -No free WIFI. It was a pay per day deal which kind of sucked!. . 11:00am was our check out time. Minh and I are not early morning people but we were eager to get the heck out of this hotel fast! We were pretty much zombies driving back home!
Who would have thought the RIO has good food??? Every restaurant we ate at was delicious.
Rio is a nice hotel in Vegas... It is off the strip, but very near. (Only a few minutes away by driving)... Has good buffets and shows inside the hotel. Not the best I have seen in Vegas and that's why I give it 3 stars... By the way this is where the W.S.O.P (World Series of Poker) Tournament is held every year.
The suite was nice.  The view was wonderful.  The employees and customer service were great.  The only problem was that music could be heard late at night.  We were on the 37th floor so I guess the music was coming from the Voodoo Lounge.  I guess this would not be a problem if this was our going out Vegas trip.  This trip was our relaxation, early show trip.  We still had an enjoyable time.  Love the Diamond Lounge here. The fact that the Rio offers a free shuttle to the strip is great!
it's ok.  too big for me.
We had a very nice and large room for the really good price we paid (around 37$ / night). The person at check-in didn't seem to care a lot about us though.. . The casino has no smoke-free area and  the room kinda smell of cigarette, even if it was a non smoking room.. . Also, you have to be careful not to touch the things in the mini-bar if you don't wan't to  be charged. Everything is magnetized and as soon as you lift it up from the shelf, you're charged even if you put it back without using it. The employee at check-out removed all the mini-bar charges (we were curious and lifted some of the things in the mini-bar) and she told us it happened a lot.. . We were disappointed the Indian restaurant was closed all the time we stayed there.
Have had success a two-deck blackjack. The servers are active so a cocktail is not out of the question. (ALWAYS tip when you get a free drink or win a couple hands or have some fun.) They have lots of locals perks, The Carnival World buffet is a great go and a deal for locals as are some of the shows. They created a bunch of pink parking for locals....oh you have to be a diamond player...okay they took away a bunch of the parking but still worth a go. easy to score a 2 fer so you can ride on a float in the masquerade show and throw beads at unsuspecting slot players. have gotten rooms on a local rate for as little as $19 and no resort fee (that was directed at mgm and station.) they have a good comedy venue and penn & teller. they have a good conference facility and shuttles that will drop you off at i think harrahs or ballys. (tip the driver...it is good blackjack karma)
Pros: Large room with double sink in bathroom, nice casino, pet friendly.. . Cons: Have to take a taxi to the strip, bed was super uncomfortable.
This place is better than let's say...Circus Circus, but falls short compared to almost everywhere else on the strip. The seafood buffet is worth the visit alone, but it seems like your gambling bucks would be better spent at any of the other wonderful locations on the strip. This place seems a little darker and slightly more sad than the rest. There was a guy shooting heroin in the bathroom offering fellatio for money.
I would actually give this casino 3.5 stars.  it was nice on the inside, I think the shows bring the traffic to the casino.  However, nice atmosphere.  Not alot of shops or food places.  However, I highly recommend the Whopper Bar.  The best Whopper sandwich I have had from a Burger King.
Rio . oh Rio. Where do we stand. I loved you and I hated you at the same time. On the one side I stayed in the Rio and that was a different experience from visiting you. so the good and the bad.. . The Bad. If you reserve a room with 2 beds. Its not guaranteed. You are only guaranteed a room and when you get there they see what they have. . The good. Its an All Suite Hotel.. The Bad. the Suites don't have kitchens. . The Good. They are pretty big rooms. . The Bad . There is a freakin window looking into the bathrooms. What the Deuce. . . Overall I think the Rio is a very fun place to stay because of the free shows every hour. The people staying at the Rio are characters. The bartenders and staff are awesome. The bad and the good leave me leaving three stars.
First of all, I can't believe that Gold Coast has more stars than Rio! It must be due to the cheap price of drinks and tables, because it ain't the rooms! I just moved to the Rio from the Gold and it's so much more comfortable! Okay, it's not as awesome as the new high rise hotels by a long shot, but it's a-okay with me.. . The window into the shower is bizarre but the bed is comfy and the pillows are nice ( I find that when I ask housekeeping to bring more pillows, the ones they bring are better than the ones that come with the room). However, I feel like (and probably am) a rube, because I didn't get my room for free. Somehow those of us who come to Vegas about once a year and don't gamble, don't get comped. Go figure.. . No fan in the bathroom again (none at Gold Coast either) which I don't understand but at least here the bathroom is more than 5 feet away from the bed.
My friend and I stayed here for a couple nights since he had a deal for a double bed suite. Comparing to the suite at Excalibur we had the night before we came here, the Excalibur suite looked newer. I did like the fact there was a refrigerator. As for the TV, they need to upgrade to HDTV. They still have standard TV sets. I wouldn't mind staying here again if the price was right. There are plenty of food choices inside.
Stayed there for my birthday April 26 through April 29, 2012. One thing comes to mind in particular, THE TOWELS ARE SCRATCHY!  I mean come on! Use Downy or something! . . Other reviews are right about the old TVs. My room didn't have the view into the shower. I think I was in the older side. The buffets were okay. Bellagio and The Wynn have the best buffets. The casino servers all had really cheap looking uniforms (lingerie). Looked like strip club rejects! Oh! I shouldn't say that!. But they do. . . The so called "Sexy" Sky Show was anything but sexy. Unless you think the post teen mickey mouse club is sexy. Looked like a bunch of Back Street Boys meets Brittany Spears "Give it to me one more time".. . And why would you bring little kids to Vegas? It is called Sin City right?. . Good things:. The conveniencs store is very convenient. They have everything!. The rooms are very spacious. . Taxi service is quick.. The sex was off the charts! (The wife gets these points). . Not sure what my wife paid for the room but if it was over $100 per night, she got taken!. . If you can get in there for $70 a night during the week, it's a great deal!  $100 on the weekend. I'd stay there again but I'd bring my own towels!
Stayed here because I got it comped. Not a bad hotel. I had two rooms here. One was perfect, one not so much. The first one I entered had a smoky smell even though the room was non-smoking. The second one was a lot better, no lingering smells. The rooms generally are nice and spacious. Can't complain about that for sure. =) They have a mini bar and a fridge. . . The check-in line was super long even though they had a lot of people at the counter. The best thing was that they let you check in earlier than the 3pm check in time, maybe due to the line? . . The casino itself is rather small in comparision to the casinos the strip but that was fine since they provide a shuttle to Harrahs and Ballys/Paris. . . Pretty nice to stay here though, no complaints really.
My Husbands review (Ian S.) Pretty much details our account in full. It was bad. . . The only reason this place gets 3 stars is due to the nice size rooms, the view and the staff in the restaurants there. The hotel staff were very unknowledgable and rude, check-in for my party and our friends was an absolute disaster. . . Our friend was downstairs at 2am (mind you he got in at 11pm) with the concierge trying to fix his reservation which was no fault of his own.. . Best part? I called the concierge's desk during my stay and received voice mail, and left them a message and they never called me back. . . Bottom line you get what you pay for: I would not stay here again, ever.
Stayed here for a quick weekend trip and it was okay. It was very affordable and the rooms are nice (all suites remember!) but it's definitely "older" Las Vegas. The casino is a little smoky and busy, but okay. They do a show on the weekends called the Show in the Sky where there's some dancing and singing followed by "parade floats" hanging from the ceiling that rotate around their track and throw out beads. They do it every hour on the hour between like 6pm and 11pm, Thurs-Sat I think. It's not a great show, but it is something to do while you're sitting at the bar or at a slot machine. . . The pool area is really nice and free. There are several pools and hot tub spas spaced around, with waterfalls and sandy beaches around the edge. There's also an adults only pool that costs to go into (we were quoted $20 for guys, free for girls), and says it's "european style". We didn't pay to go in, but my guess is that means girls can be topless because it's surrounded by pushes so that you can't see into the area. They have a DJ there that was playing some good music too. There are plenty of bars around the pool areas as well. . . The best part about the hotel is the fact that Penn & Teller are there. We got a coupon book with our stay that got us 2 for 1 tix, which is always worthwhile. Their show is awesome!. . They have some good restaurants as well. I don't recommend the Dim Sum restaurant unless you're for trying something a little different, it's very traditional. The all-american grill was good, but didn't have the best service. There's a frozen yogurt place in the casino that I was quite fond of ($5 for a cup).
2 1/2 stars.  Received a comped room, so I can't squabble about the price.  As far as I know, however, prices are always pretty reasonable here versus something on the strip.  . . Here are some highlights for a standard room in the Ipanema Tower:. . *Rooms are large, but not suite-like.  It is basically a large room with a sitting area/pull out couch.  . . *Tube TV, mini bar, in-room safe, and mini fridge. . *Shower head was like a fireman's hose, practically shot holes through my skin. . *Furnishings/Decor are dated, but not eye poppingly horrendous. . *The room is furnished with a Keurig coffee machine; I brought some K-cups from home and saved myself $8.. . *Valet service is great, everyone is super nice.  Front desk and bell desk were exceptional as well.. . Overall, it was just okay.   I do not like being so far away from the strip, and the room was just meh.  Can't beat a free room though, I guess.
BIG, clean, and well designed suites but not the place to go for luxury. The lobby is decorated with fake cobblestones - it makes the place feel like a huge half-empty basement. To add tot he creepy basement feel - there's a large, disembodied, 2-sided head mounted on the ceiling. It apparently is also mounted on a track and lights up as it travels across the lobby. Creepy much? Anyway, the room is fine but the lobby is sparsely populated by desperate-looking gamblers wearing oversized tee shirts and stone washed jeans and jean-shorts with fanny packs (bum bags for you UK people). It just has a sad and slightly deserted vibe that I do not like. The only plus is the room. Some crafty person was really thinking and did double sinks - one inside the bathroom and one outside the bathroom so people canget ready w/o taking up the entire bath. Overall, this place is not really my cup of tea - I prefer the action and hustle-bustle of the Strip - but it may work for you if you'd like a more quiet and low-key vegas stay.
Rio is not the newest or coolest but some of their rooms are pretty spacious, which I like. We also stumbled upon the dim sum restaurant and found the food to be quite delicious! Graving some of that basil clam now!
A while back we did a last minute staycation and found a room at the Rio on a Friday night for $89. Upon check in, they decided to upgrade us from a regular room to a large suite for no extra cost. It was a one bedroom suite with two bathrooms and a living room. Separating the main bathroom from the bedroom was a large soaking tub. It was a cool layout and plenty of room all around, but the interior was dated. It had that old '80s hotel room look that desperately needs an update.. . They've got several pools on property. One was a zero entry pool with sand and a waterfall that was popular with kids and families. There was plenty of room to layout and we didn't have a problem snagging a few chairs in the late morning. Like their hotel rooms, the pool area could use a refresh and a better filtering system for the pools because the water looked excessively oily and dirty. I guess that's to be expected with so many guests using them.. . Not a bad place to stay if you're looking for a decent value, but definitely not a top tier Vegas hotel.
A very ocnfusing casino layout, but isn't that their goal?  Some pits were very warm while others were very cold.  Off the beaten path but worth a visit to see the casino and shops.
I stayed here off and on for about 3 weeks during the WSOP.  The rooms were nice enough, plenty of room for me and my roommate to sprawl comfortably.  However, a lot of the TV's were old and out of date and it was hard to adjust them to the proper angle in order to watch TV from the bed.  There was an issue with one of the AC units as it would stay around 70 despite the fact that we had the temp turned all the way down to 58, who wants to sleep in a sauna at night, Vegas is already sweltering enough!  The food there was okay, my favorite spot was probably the Sports Deli located right next to the Sportsbook, they had a good selection of quick to order food.  The All American Grill was okay but on the plus side was open 24 hours.  Per usual the Rio decided to turn their convention center into a freaking icebox ensuring that I had to wear my hoodie despite the fact that it was 110 degrees outside!  All in all not bad, certainly much better than that complete hole in the wall, vortex to hell, known as the Imperial Palace.  I still shudder thinking about that place..
this is a good hotel for families. it is off the strip and away from the madness. i noticed that not many people at this hotel smoke which is nice.  we did have a problem with housekeeping - they never came until we complained.  it took them about 45 minutes to bring us towels and they kept throwing away my friend's hair ties. ??? weird.  it's not the greatest hotel in the world but it's decent and you get what you pay for.  the rooms are clean and the view is nice. the rooftop lounge called voodoo lounge has an amazing view of the stip and it's nice and open so you feel the breeze - very nice. the actual loung (indoors) is disgusting and smells of vomit but once you get passed that and move on outside you will def enjoy the view.
Cheap rates as compared to other hotels on the strip. Two nights here on a weekday cost me around $80 total, and I got bumped up to a premium suite on the 29th floor with a king bed and a strip view. The room was a little dated, but an effort was made to update it a little. The linens were neat, no ugly 90's geometric pattern on the comforter, unfortunately it was on the curtains and on the carpet. The bathroom was small, but clean. If you don't want to drive to the strip they offer a free shuttle to Bally's and Harrahs every 30 minutes.  The Valet is a little slow.  The pool was great, two pools (not including VooDoo) with waterfalls, one with sand bank. third pool was temperature controlled (I think), perfect temperature, not too hot and not too cold. Overall good hotel if you're looking to just get away for a few days, but not over spend.
I was part of a group that stayed at the Rio from 7/22 - 7/25.  I booked a standard room for my husband, young daughter and mother to stay in.  We arrived at the desk a little after 3:00 p.m. and the line was quite long.  It took us about 25 minutes to check in.  Our room was on the 16th floor of the Ipanema tower.  The rooms were large, but nothing fancy which was expected as our room was comped.  We had a mini fridge and it felt too warm to keep perishables in.  It was a bit of a hassle because they are not self-adjusting and we had to wait for maintenance to come and lower the temperature to keep my mom's medicine cold.  The room appeared clean, but on the last day (thankfully) I did notice a huge pile of dirt and grime in the corner of the bathroom.. . The pool area was great!  One pool has sand around making it appear like a beach.  They have waterfalls which were a hit with our daughter.  The middle pool is just a standard pool and the third pool is like the first without the sand.  The pools are all shallow with the deepest being like 4 feet or so.  The only problem we had was that the pool area closes at 7 p.m. which is rather early in Vegas standards.  It makes it difficult to spend the day on the strip and come back for an afternoon swim.  The sandy pool closed at 6 p.m. and they turned the waterfalls off at 6 p.m. on the other pool too.  It does open at 9 a.m. so you could always do the pool first and then explore the strip in the afternoon as it is definitely hot enough to swim at 9 a.m. in Vegas (in July at least).  . . I would suggest renting a car as the Rio is quite far from the strip.  They do offer a shuttle service that runs to Bally's and back.  The first time we walked by, it was full and people were standing and waiting.  The second time there wasn't as many people, so it's hit or miss on the shuttle crowds.  If you are renting a car and staying in the Ipanema tower, make sure to park in the smaller parking garage (3-story) as it is much closer to the rooms.  . . All in all, I would stay here again if the rooms were comped or priced the same as it was for my friend who didn't get her room free ($30.00 a night).
This hotel used to be really nice when it was one of the few All Suites Hotels.  Haven't stayed here in about 5 years or so until this past May but that was only because I took my parents to Vegas for the weekend and they like this hotel casino.. . Rooms are ok but have become quite dingy and not as well taken care of as they were before.  I always remembered their showers having a small window into the living room area which could also be used to see in but my room during this stay didn't have that, which wasn't a big deal since I stayed in my own room.. . The restaurants here are mediocre at best.  Steaks at the All American Grill are decent and reasonably priced.  The World Carnival buffet which is usually the big hype of this hotel's dining has a lot of selections, but seems to have lost some of its luster compared to how things used to be.  Maybe this is because we're getting spoiled by how much better the other buffets have become.  Always entertaining to watch the bartenders on the Masquerade side with all of their tricks and juggling.. . Sports book is large and comfortable when betting on horses and watching your sports.  The rest of the gaming area is spread out across the whole property from one end to another.  The table games area is rather small with limited tables.  . . Not a bad hotel, but I prefer others.
A good-looking casino. The big negative is that it's off the main strip. The big positive is Penn and Teller's show which is definitely worth checking out.
This is for the Convention Center section. . I came here for the Star Trek Convention this year. Hell yeah I'm a Trekkie. I've stayed here before many times as well but not this trip. . . Note: They do have a rate for convention goers - you need to call and ask and show proof of entry to the convention.. . Anyways, we used the conference rooms for the Trek events and they were spacious and the rooms had their own outlets every few feet - to charge phones and cameras! YAY!. . I got to charge my phone while taking photos :D. . The only problem is - you can get lost in here. I couldn't find the convention area. The signs were tough to read. I know I came to the convention last year, but I don't remember where to go. :P. . Rooms are nice tho! I've stayed before for bachelorettes and the conventions before.
This was my first time stay at the Rio, so here's the breakdown. . . Staff: 5/5. Friendly & polite.. . Room: 3.5/5. It was a conjoined room (suite), and I had the room with the king-sized bed all to myself. The room includes a sectional sofa, tube t.v., a Jack & Jill sink, & a typical shower/bathroom. The reason why I gave it a 3.5, is because the pictures from the t.v. fluctuated between black and white, and then to color.  And the floors needed to be vacuumed, or at least underneath the bed.. . Bed: 5/5. So COMFORTABLE.  Not too stiff or too soft, just the right amount of firmness to give you support, yet cradles the body.. . Extras: 5/5. I love that they give you a mini fridge, that kept my water and left-overs nicely chilled.  There's also an ironing board and iron; good for last minute presses.  Hairdrier (standard), and a single cup coffee maker (coffee is, of course comes with a fee).. . Noise level: 4/5. Walls are pretty insulated, however, loud conversations can be heard, though. But overall, outside noise was kept close to none.
This place looks old compared to the other hotels in Vegas. It's OK if you get a good deal but not a great place. I was "upgraded" to the Ipanema tower which was a bit of a joke as it looked like all of the other rooms I had seen online. The casino floor is filled with dealers who don't look to happy to be there but that are friendly enough. . . I would say that if you have a few days to spend in Vegas and are looking for a cheap place that is OK, this is your place, if you can spend the extra $$'s, go to the Venetian (just as cheesy as all of Vegas but nicer looking) or Caesar's Palace.
Older hotel with nice staff. Room was big, but  very outdated. The room was also suppose to be non smoking but reeked of smoke. The price was one the cheapest in the area. The casino area was smaller but not too crowded.
We went to go see Chippendale's and was quite.. disappointed. What's with all the slow jams singing? Seriously just take it off. I guess I wasn't really aware of what this show was really leaning towards. The dancing was off, you can see them count their 8-counts steps. The men were sexy, but that's just about it.  The experience was alright though, I suppose. I just would think it'd be better. -_-
Spent 2 nights there,  I felt we were charged 5 star prices for a 3 star hotel,  High prices for food and other amenities,  The rooms are clean but old with low technology, not like the 5 star sister hotels on the strip.  They even charge for wi fi, give me a break!  Unless you need to stay there my recommendatiion is to consider the newer hotels on the strip the newer amenities and the extra comp.  services offset the price difference..
I have always liked staying at the RIO.  The casino is great.  There are plenty of nightclubs at the Rio, so you don't need to leave.  The buffets are awesome.  The pool area is great!  There is a shuttle that runs back and forth from the strip.  I've been coming here since college and I don't think the rooms have ever been updated.  The rooms are always clean and big since its a all suite hotel.  I would give this place 4 stars, but I think the Rio is in dire need of a update to compete with all the other hotels on the strip.
Overall, it is middle of the road for me. I brought my dog with me on a long road-trip with stop-overs in Vegas and there is only a handful of hotels that allow dogs. I actually would give 3 1/2 stars but appears to be no half measures with Yelp. Sooo.... . What I liked: Allows dogs. They allow them and allow us to be up farther than the 1st floor. Not much farther to the 4th but my room actually looked out  over the road and I could see the strip. They give amenities like bowls and a bag full of treats upon check in which is nice. Also on several occasions, staff offered me more individual treats when out walking him.. . I didn't eat there except for BK so I can't review food. . . Did not like: As with all casinos, the smoke is overwhelming. And that reminds me, my pet-safe room was supposed to be non-smoking but someone must have been smoking in there for a while because the lingering smoky smell was powerful. Don't get in the way of Grannies and walkers because they will run your butt over. That said, it didn't appear to be any older than any other casino.. . Myeh: Penn and Teller show is there. Nice theater with a good view of the stage but up in the mezz. section, you couldn't really see what was going on in the up close tricks and they don't project anything on screens so much is lost.. . Liked: It appears that they are really chasing the younger crowd because there were lots of dancer tables with young women dancing, with a big set area by the masquerade tower. While I didn'to to Vegas for looking at that, my impression was that they were changing to keep it current but I'm not positive as I rarely go to Vegas (3rd time in my life). It had a good energy to it all. . Myeh: location wasn't terrible but wasn't good if you're comparing it to the Strip. You're a free shuttle ride away to a central location so driving the strip at night is not necessary. Physically, you're approx 1/2 mile or so so walking is an option. They don't allow dogs on the shuttle unless they are work dogs so leave the pooch at the hotel. Reviewing location is difficult but to me, this was better than Circus Circus because to walk the strip at night over a mile to get to the Bellagio to see the show is just nuts. . . Liked: The rates and room was great . Dogs get charged an extra $50 so for $94 and $80, I got a (seemingly) monstrous sized room of 600+ sqf. Bathroom is seperate (imagine a big room with a wall placed 2/3 in the middle) but has a small window looking into the shower from the bedroom. Leading to the bathroom is an extra sink with fridge and closet with a safe. My cold water handle was leaking and there was no security latch on the room as it was broken but I forgot to mention this. Overall seemed clean.. . Liked: back to dogs. The doggie relief area is actual grass out in front of the hotel. Other areas to walk are around present with bushes, trees and dirt. Compared to Imperial Palace and other Strip located dog friendly hotels, this place was a virtual oasis for the dog. I understand that space for parking is a premium and so on but if you put a pet-friendly hotel out there (Imperial Palace /Harrahs) don't use fake grass and never clean it. No one likes it especially the dogs. Oh, and the room location to the dog area is good at Rio. Not so with the other places mentioned before.. . That's enough. Eliminate smell of smoke better, and this place would be given more stars. The staff was friendly and helpful. Total rewards staff was great so use it...I would stay here again absolutely.
Old style Vegas showroom set-up, nice to see. Pity we were in the cheap seats. And additional pity that the dress code in Vegas means the floor show patrons felt that shorts, sandals, and BALL CAPS were appropriate. Ball caps. Really.
The rooms are awesome but I woke up to the smell of hot Dogs coming from outside. YUCK!!! So gross!
Two elements to consider:. 1. Outstanding customer service!!! Ron was the man that checked us into our room. Incredibly friendly, professional, & funny. He upgraded us just because and made our first experience at Rio a great one!!. 2. Really outdated.  Our suite size was fab & we even had multiple bathrooms and a jacuzzi tub by the bed. A stellar deal for the $40 we paid!!! Furniture & decor was pretty painful though. Great price.... Definitely not the happening spot or classy in any sense of the word.
Stayed here for a girls Vegas getaway. And overall it was just like the reviews says A-OK. I booked a room through a representative for the hotel who quoted me for a certain rate and then sent me an email. Upon arrival I provided them with the email and checked in. Check in was fine and easy. Rio has a lot of really good things about it. . . We loved the club on the top of the building. Would defiantly go there again.. . We loved the sports club/ food area. It was actually some of the best drunken pizza I have had. We went there almost everyday. They have some great quality food for a reasonable price. . . The hotel room was nice, had a decent bathroom, could have used a newer tv, had a mini fridge in the room already which was a nice touch. Was clean and tidy. . . The casino was nice. Not to big not to small didn't win anything but hey that's for another review. . . The hotel buses to the strip were okay. They need to schedule more buses during rush hours times and pay their bus drivers more because they deal with a lot of stuff and angry people since they were waiting for an extra 30 minutes in 100 degree heat. . . Upon check out we went to go pay our bill and to my surprise was was charged over by $100.00. I informed the clerk and showed her the reciept/email to which she admitted that they had made the mistake by not putting in the original price upon check in. So I proceeded to wait for over 50 minutes and do the math for the clerk trying to get the bill corrected. I informed her that because of their mistake we now missed breakfast, which they tried to give us meal comps but it would have to be a discount on my card that was attached to my room, with the recent mistakes in transaction I wished for no more and turned it down. In the end they informed me that the money would be returned to my card within 2 weeks. Well 2 months later I am still waiting and with over 3 phone calls still nothing. So I have given up. . . So in the end it was like a good marriage with a bad divorce.
I stayed at the Rio a couple of weeks ago and it was a decent experience. Maybe I'm just being harsh because I stayed at the Palazzo a couple months ago and nothing can compare. . . On the positive side, the Rio was clean and check-in was prompt. They were also accommodating in bringing us extra blankets and towels. The pool area looked nice but we were there at the end of the season and only one of the resorts' pools was open. I could see it being a fun place to hang out in the summer.. . For the negative side, it's a mile walk to the strip. There is a free shuttle that takes you to either Harrah's or Bally's but it only runs every 30 minutes or so until 12:30 a.m. The room was a decent size but being advertised as an all-suite hotel, I guess I expected more. . . One thing that I found odd was the window from the shower to the bedroom. This would be fine with your significant other but when staying with a group of friends, it's a little strange and potentially awkward.
I just got back from Staying at the Rio and it was a GREAT experience. I know its not one of the nicest, or flashiest hotels in Vegas, but it was clean, the people were nice the rooms are HUGE. Generally the food was great and we received great service. I know some of my Co-Workers rooms were pretty shady-so I suggest checkign out your room as soon as you check in and calling if there are any issues. You can't beat the price though i've stayed at the Excalibur inVegas before becuse its Cheap but it looks and feels cheap the Rio did not- I would stay there again.
Stayed here for our wedding weekend, which makes it pretty difficult to write a review. Casino reviews are tough anyway, but it's even more challenging when reviewing a place connected with a life experience.. . We stayed in a Masquerade Suite. Those are the large endcap suites in the taller of the two towers. The suite is around 1500sf, and has floor to ceiling windows that wrap around 180 degrees. From the dining area, past the living area, through the bedroom, and all the way to the jacuzzi tub, you get a view that includes both the Strip and the mountains.. . The view is to die for, especially on a higher floor.. . The furnishings are dated, and pretty worn. You will find frayed edges all over every chair. You will find gouges in the wooden frames of chairs, even some pieces missing. The bed is comfortable, but certainly not top-notch.. . Check-in can be annoying, unless you are at least Platinum with Total Rewards (the shared players club with Harrah's, Caesar's, Paris, etc). Platinum status is worth next to nothing in most parts of the country. But it's very useful at the Rio. Skipping the long checkin line is great.. . Guest services was friendly. I have no complaints there. But there were the typical number of glitches. . . Overall I would give the place 3.5, but I am rounding down. There just isn't enough "wow" factor for that 4th star. Because while many things at the Rio are awesome (great buffets, great rooftop lounge), those are items I can review separately, and those are items you don't have to be staying here to enjoy. You can stay somewhere else and then visit for a few hours.. . 3 stars.
Not the most glamorous place on the strip with the most beautiful people, but it will do.....  Our room was clean, but wasn't up to par with some of the other Vegas hotels I have stayed in recently.  We were in a remodeled tower, but I felt like our room was already crumbling. Although it was large, the room lacked character. We were on the 4th floor, and heard loud music all night long, so it was difficult to sleep, but hey it's Vegas I guess I wasn't supposed to be in the room and trying to sleep. The front desk staff was kind and efficient but the check-in line was SOO long and I felt they could have used way more check-in staff. I would stay there again in a bind, but it won't be my first choice.
The Rio is a great place for a little stay-cation!  . . *$10 Carnival Lunch Buffet for Locals . *Great poker action in the room (especially during the WSOP). *Penn and Teller with local discounts (Buy one get one free tickets). *Chippendales!  Sexy male dancers =). *VooDoo with an amazing view of the city. *Free Masquerade show. *Inexpensive, clean rooms. *Pool with real sand!. *Close locals parking . . Yeah I'm a fan of the Rio!
I got a really good price via travelocity, $30 inclusive!  Upon check-in, I was offered an upgrade for just $75 more for a VIP suite -- done!  The room size was impressive, 1600 sqft, and tons and tons of windows in every room, but was not sexy at all. It's dated and just not deluxe in any way, shape, or form, and felt more like a timeshare, decorated in beiges and browns.  Full-size living, room, dining room, jacuzzi bathtub, shower stall, and 1.5 bathrooms.  While I accepted it due to the price, I couldn't believe that it didn't have a mini-bar, stocked with little bottles and snacks!  I need my overpriced snacks darn it!  Front desk said that they don't offer it right now.  UGH!  Thanks, I just had a pizza and a water delivered from room service for $30 instead.  THAT SUCKS!. . Positives:. -------------. 1. Lovely check-in service, professional and efficient.. 2. Lots of dining options, incl 3 different buffets (recommend the Village Seafood Buffet, see my review at http://www.yelp.com/biz/village-seafood-buffet-las-vegas#hrid:ORgHZND2Wh-r-WNeAXTK0g). 3. Free show in one of the main gambling areas (to the right of entrance).  A hip/hop, pg-13 burlesque show (called "Show in the Sky") -- fun, sexy, but can't say it's amazing singing talent -- hey, but it's free.. 4. Chippendales show -- you know you're curious for some hunka, hunka, burnin' love.. . Bookmarked for another time:. --------------------------------------. 1.  Voodoo Steakhouse - is gorgeous. Walked around and loved what I saw.  . 2.  Martorano's Italian - open for dinner only, didn't get a chance to go, but this is SOOOO bookmarked!. 3.  Irish bar - Told it has very limited days and hours, and unposted to boot!. . Eh:. ------. 1.  Voodoo Lounge - amazing 270 degree view from the 51st floor, great music, luscious go-go dancers, and fun bartenders - but that's it - 2-3 star (see my review, http://www.yelp.com/biz/voodoo-rooftop-nightclub-las-vegas-2#hrid:syIIUeiEBe2eFH60M9JuCQ). 2.  $13.95 extra for wi-fi, and Yelp has blocked the IP range for the hotel.  No access for Yelp!. 3.  Location - it's off the strip, so I'd only recommend staying if it's an extremely good deal.
Well, we arent at the Venetian, but for a cheap weekend and a decent place to stay I would be here in a hot minute.  They recently remodeled and it turned out pretty nice.  Checkin time is REALLY late, 4pm.....and checkout is 1pm.  To checkin early its an extra $16.  I didnt even ask what it was to have a late checkout.  . Very close to the strip, a cheap taxi ride and right next to China Town where you can get some awesome food!
I recently went to Vegas for my bachlorette party in early December. I booked Rio because for 4 girls, 2 rooms with a strip view the total was $400 that's a $100 each! We stayed over during the weekend and by comparison this was the best deal.. . I was really confused with picking a place to stay at in Vegas but looking at some of the pictures and a map of the Rio I decided to stay here once I noticed the price was so great! . . The rooms were cool, we stayed at the imperial suites the "strip view" was lame but the beds were comfy room service was great! and we were glad Chippendale's was downstairs--- it made for our easiest night out! . . The CONS to this place,. you're forced to cab it everywhere-- that or take the shuttle everywhere definitely NOT walking distance to anything. . . If you were as confused as I was when booking I'd recommend staying at . The Paris hotel. or. The Venetian . . My 2 favorite places while I was there! My next trip I will definitely book there! . . Rio was okay for what it was and my bridesmaids were happy as it was everyone's first time in Vegas so it wasn't a total miss we all made it work but I'd definitely pay a little more to be on the strip next time.
We stayed at the Rio for a bachelorette party in August, and had a decent experience staying there. First, the not-so-great things about Rio: there's constant room renovations, and we were in the wing that needed some serious updates; this hotel is definitely showing its age. We waited an unnecessary amount for an ironing board. And because like most hotels in Las Vegas, Rio is a themed hotel, there were also some pretty Cheesy with a capital C things going around the hotel, like that random show they have where they threw beads. OK, actually that was pretty awesome. . . Otherwise, Rio's an overall good choice for our party. You get what you pay for in the hotel rooms, in that it's a basic four-star accommodations. It's got a great rooftop club with amazing views of the Strip. The Chippendales perform here, and now that I've seen Jaymes and James compete on the Amazing Race, I kinda don't giggle in incredulity anymore. The pool area is huge and renting out a cabana is a great deal for a big group. It was definitely the perfect veg out experience, so very Vegas.
On a Vegas trip with my boyfriend and his family, we were able to book 2 nights here for a good deal. However, there were just some inconveniences with the room that makes me not want to be a returning customer. . . First of all, there is no switch for the room "light." Instead, the only light sources for the bedroom are some lamps by the bed, desk, and couch that requires manual power. If you need some decent light during the day, you're better off opening the curtains to let the sunshine in. Also, the TV is placed in a very weird position. It's not facing the couch nor the bed, it's actually placed off to the side by the wall in between the couch and the beds.. . Although there is an option for you to pull the TV out from the cupboard and for you to swivel the TV around to face the bed or the couch ... it's quite inconvenient when you have people sitting on both the beds and the couch. The arrangement of the furniture is one thing that I did not like about this place.. . Not only that, but I do believe that the hotel staff should better prepare their rooms for incoming customers. When we arrived, we found that there were not enough towels and the TV remote battery was dead. -.-. . Another thing about this place are the elevators. Of course, I understand the Christmas rush of everyone coming in for the holidays, however I do believe that the staff should fix some of their elevators. This would only alleviate the elevator traffic that my boyfriend's family and I hadto endure during our stay here. We had to wait for about 15-20 min for an elevator to not be full of people. And not only that, if you are lucky enough to get on one, be prepared to stop at EVERY SINGLE FLOOR since everyone is planning to get on the elevators.. . But other than that, the rooms that we booked were pretty spacious with a pull-out couch, and housekeeping was nice. However, given the other 'cons' of the situation, I believe that I had much better stays at other hotels for either the same price if not more.. . Happy Holidays. :)
Good size rooms for the price. Easy parking. Sports book good for hanging out to watch some games. Maintenance dept is poor. Tried for two days to get through to have them fix safe but no luck. Overall, good but not great.
Good size rooms for the price. Easy parking. Sports book good for hanging out to watch some games. Maintenance dept is poor. Tried for two days to get through to have them fix safe but no luck. Overall, good but not great.
Average hotel in Vegas with usually lower prices than the newer hotels. This is one of my pics when there are conventions town, because the price is still low compared to some others and it's closer to convention center than about half the hotels on the strip.
The Rio is aging, somewhat gracefully. While it's not the best, it's not the worst. One thing I found odd, there is nowhere at the Rio that has a selection of craft draught beers.
I did not like staying at the Rio. its to far from the strip and the rooms are outdated. they have a shuttle going back and forth but i did not like taking it. Spent about 150 bucks on cabs that weekend. Its not for me. You can have fun, i just like the strip much better. the first room i went to was dirty. We were quickly switched to a new room. But its never nice to get to a dirty room. . Stayed November 2010,
We came here for the Penn and Teller show so I have never actually stayed here.  . . We got here early and planned to try and kill time before the show. After wandering around the floor for about 45 minutes we ended up back where we started and really had only entered a couple places. There were several "crappy Vegas t-shirt" shops and a tattoo parlor and that was about it.. . Decor was okay, even though it seemed a little dated. All the waitresses/servers wandering the floor seemed to have the skimpiest outfits I've ever seen on a waitress in Vegas. I was surprised that kids were allowed to wander around the edges of the floors, honestly.
Rio is an A-OK! :) it does the job of find a place to stay.. . I've stayed here a handful of times and have never been disappointed with the price you pay ranging from ($50++ per night). The rooms are cheap and huge! I've stayed at the regular room with two beds, and it has a spacious living room area and big bathroom. The bathroom is also separated with a shower, toilet and sing in one room, and another outside sink that is extremely useful if you have a group of people.Room also comes with an empty mini fridge. . . Only downside, is that it's not near the strip. BUT, they do have a shuttle that takes you there and is open till 1 AM. . . Other things:. -No free wi-fi in the room. -Self parking available. -Make sure to catch a show in the casino and grab some beads!. -$20 resort fee per night
Average casino, went here for shows. Nice place for frozen drinks though.
Pros:. -Our room was away from the elevators and mostly quiet. Could hear some doors opening and closing.. -15th floor = cool view of the strip. -Good customer service... I didn't realize there would be a resort fee because we were not told until check out time. I talked to the manager which said it was probably in the terms&conditions when we booked, probably true. Either way he only charged for one of the two resort fees ($20/$40) so that was nice. . -Penn&Teller show is located there.. -Affordable prices for rooms.. -Room was pretty large, two queen beds and a sectional couch in there. We also had a mini fridge which was great.. -Close enough to the strip that cabs to get there are cheap.. -Complimentary shuttle to Paris and some other places.. . Cons:. -Long check in line... eek!. -Not really walking distance from the strip... if you're wearing heals and care about your safety.. -We went to the Voodoo club on the 51st floor which had a nice view but it wasn't exactly nice... Kind of grungy. . . Overall the casinos and restaurants here were pretty casual and I saw many families there, so I'm guessing its one of the more family friendly hotels.
I recently stayed at the Rio while in town for a hockey tournament. It was offered at a discount through the organizers of the event... otherwise our team probably would have been content to stay at any number of cheap hotels.. The bell desk graciously stored our foul smelling gear bags for a few hours before we got to our rooms at no charge. We were able to check in at about 12:30pm with an additional fee of $20 (they will drop it to $10 if you have a player's club card) and checkout at noon without any additional charges. Rooms were accurately advertised, clean and nothing to write home about. One of our guys upgraded to a masquerade suite which made for a nice "team headquarters" for post and pre-game partying/meetings. . The pool is great. Several different pools with waterfalls and lots of room to relax. They have an adult section full of fat old dudes, with no women anywhere. The good looking women you DO see here are clearly employees and they are jaded, bitter, angry people. . There are some ok places to eat here but as with most of the larger popular casinos, everything is ridiculously expensive and of questionable value. The do have a Burger King that serves beer. It is directly adjacent to the entrance to the Chippendales show, so at night it was a fantastic place to check out the babes attending.. The cheapest table I saw had a $15 minimum even at 9am on a weekday... a little too spendy for me. Gold Coast next door had tables as low as $3 but it stinks like a dirty ashtray and you'd be lucky to find anyone under the age of 65 in the place.. Not much within walking distance of the Rio. You can easily walk over to Gold Coast or maybe the Palms if you were feeling like a nice stroll. I did walk to In N Out Burger during the day but it was pretty bleak and took about 25 minutes each way. There is a hotel shuttle to the other hotels in the same corporate family available but we opted for taxis and never used it. Do yourself a favor and hit up a grocery store on the way in from the airport and stock up on some snacks so every morsel you eat doesn't have to cost you $18.. Like I said, we would have been happy with just the bare essentials. The Rio isn't too bad.... it certainly isn't the off-strip hotspot it maybe once was, but it definitely felt like a decent value given the circumstances. I guess I was pretty satisfied overall.
I occassionally book at the Rio because it is of course a suite and the size of the room is great.  I've been coming to this hotel since 2000 because I get comped or really good rates.  Can't beat getting a suite for $20.00.  . . The casino/resort is on a whole fairly average.  The rooms are large but the bathrooms need to be updated.  The times I have stayed here, it was always clean.  The beds are comfortable and the seating area is big.  You can have room service sent up and you have the room to eat comfortably.  I have no complaints, except that it does need updating.  . . I would stay here again because of the comps and the deals as well as the size of the suites.
Not the best, by far not the worst either.. . I am in this hotel probably 20 times a year as this is the hotel of choice for the guy i fly for.. . the staff has always impressed me.  Whether it's the limo drivers, the valet service, concierge, or the host....they have always gone above and beyond.  I do take that with a grain of salt as the guy i work for is 7 stars, but that is the only service i have seen here, and this holds true when i am not with my boss.. . the rooms here are large.  it's true they aren't exactly suites and are pretty much just really big basic rooms, but let me tell you from someone who is hotels much of the year, i would choose a large basic room over a small basic room any day.. . It's true they the beds arent that comfortable, and they charge me $14 a day for internet which i think is ridiculous but it's a casino...they want to keep you on the floor.  I figure i can't complain too much as there is 100 hotels out here and i chose to stay here.  . . I have never had a problem with cleanliness here.  If you want to get something a bit more like a sweet as for something on the 20th floor as the rooms here are much fancier (though the basic room is still just a big square).. . They do have lots of actual "suites" here....but you arent going to get them for $30 online.. . the ipanema tower is where we prefer to stay.  They have two towers here, and this one is much nice, and in the middle of the hotel.. . Everywhere i have eaten here is amazing.  Buzios is top notch sea food, Martoano's is a fun Italian place with great food, loud music (not so great for chit chat..but it is lots of fun).  the all american grille serves awesome steaks (chicken fried steak is amazing) and they are open all night.   There is a couple fast food places if you look really hard (down at the end by the masqurade tower upstairs, though expect the prices to be jacked high too). . . i don't gamble much, but the table rates fluctuate greatly depending on the weekend you are here.  If the casino is packed, then the rates are high.  If you want low table rates you have to come at a time when the casino is slow.. . Either way there are much better places to stay in vegas, but there are also much worse places.  I have always thought even with internet rates, hotel fees and such that if you aren't getting your room comped and have to pay for it...a total charge of $60 a night is cheap anywhere you go.
They have spacious rooms but I was not impressed. We stayed here because Krave was supposed to be here. When we got here we found out it was at the Hard Rock :( I  only stayed here one night so I can't really say much other than the place looks outdated. If Krave comes back I would definitely stay here as the place is not expensive.
I like Rio because they're big, clean, and attractive. The cons are that they are off of the strip, they don't have any special free attractions for adults or children so its kinda boring. Each hotel on the strip does, whether it's the statutes at Caesars, the fountains at Bellagio, the habitat at Flamingo, the Circus at Circus, Circus, or the Stratosphere's rides. So they seem lacking in that sense. Otherwise the rooms are big, clean, and awesome, and they have Penn and Teller.
Staying with a 5-night comp. the room is nice: two full size beds, sitting area, separate toilet-shower-sink room from powder-makeup space with sink, closet, dresser, safe; there is a fridge. Clean room. View of the Palms is nothing special. Casino is nice, $10 craps, friendly casino staff. Valet is decent, slow at times. Parking lots close to registration desks & elevators. Pool: 3 in total, one with sand (was messy on a windy day), one children's pool, & another pool w/ water fall. Our bathroom didn't seem cleaned very well.. . Voodoo sky deck nightclub was nice. Promoter in Chippendale's area gave me a ladies free pass to get in plus one free drink, but would not hook my date up, "ladies only". He paid $30 to get in on a Saturday night. Drinks were expensive. There is an indoor space & 2 outdoor spaces. Bothoutdoor spaces were nice with awesome views of the Strip. I think this club is waaaay better than Playboy & Moon, both  at the Palms. . . .  I probably won't stay here again though. Was a nice length of time for a free stay.
I only came here to check out a show (Ok, ok, Chippendale's ;P ) so I didn't check the casino or anything else out much. From what I saw, it was a lot like most I've seen. Seemed a little more dated than other places I've gone to, but again, that was just from a glance. It is a little bit off the strip (I don't think I'd walk there) but it was nice to check out a little since I hadn't in the past. The show was entertaining though and I enjoy the outside look of the hotel, very colorful :) I would probably come by another time to see more of the interior.
I got a in mail promotion for the rio hotel and Cesar's group for a two night stay for free. I booked to the rio hotel since it was the nicest out of the group. I called reservations and they booked me for a normal room, no upgrade for my stay. . . I was wanting a strip view room. If it was available i could pay a upgrade charge for 40 dollars a night. I was in luck, she said there was a samba suite with a strip view room. I decided to upgrade. I go to my room and it was not a strip view room, it was a view of the mountainsand freeway. I saw the corner of the strip. Trump to be exact. I was extremely disappointed. I called the front desk and asked to be downgraded. I was on hold for 7 minutes until i got in hold with hotel operations. He said he would lower it to 20 a night.  . . Even though i couldn't get the full strip view, i cant beat 40 dollars for two nights. It was before a huge concert and regular rooms were topping 150 a night.
Il buono, il brutto e il bello. (The Good, the bad, and the Beautiful). . I know, I know. A riff on an old spaghetti western is an odd theme for a Brazilian themed hotel, but try to play along.... . The Good - It's spacious. I like a room that does not feel like I'm being put into storage for the night. All that space also allowed for extra wall outlets. Now, I'm probably not unusual here, but when I travel, I bring a laptop, an iPad, a cellphone, and my wife. While she does not need to be plugged in, she also packs a cellphone, and a tablet. We may be a little more tech-geeky than the norm, because she also has a work cell and a work iPad. That's 5-7 wall outlets needed for charging devices, and the Rio delivers here - without unplugging lamps (that you will forget to plug back in for the next guest).. . The water pressure is the shower is great. Strong enough to blast all of that sunscreen off of you as you head into evening.. . They have an in room coffee maker. Now if you've ever seen "The Good , The Bad, and the Ugly", you would know that Clint Eastwood (the Good) wasn't all that good.... . The Bad - The coffee maker uses K-Cups, which you have to purchase from the mini-bar, 3 for $8. Oh, and the mini bar wouldn't open. It wasn't locked, just broken shut. I mean really, you theme your hotel as Brazilian, yet I cannot get coffee?. . The room is old. The hotel was opened in 1990, so it appears that the room was 10 years out of date when it opened. It is also falling into disrepair. The sliding shower door has no handle on the inside, just the screws where the handle used to be. One of the shower doors is also off the track making it very hard to move that door.. . The shower-head is noisy. It sounds like a rocket taking off. If you thought you would take a shower while your room-mate slept, you were sadly mistaken (unless they are not disturbed by the aquatic NASA launch in the next room). You may also want to take that early shower with the lights off, because there is a window between the bathroom shower and the sleeping quarters, so when you turn on the bathroom light, you are effectively lighting up both beds.. . You're kind of trapped in the Rio. It's about a 45 mile walk from our room in the Masquerade tower to the doors out of the hotel. You have to navigate through the casino spotted with smokers, who stop in the walkways because that's where they put the ashtrays. Then you have a maze-like parking lot you have to hoof around to get to the street, where you are bound realize that your clean shirt now smells like you just rolled around in an ashtray. From here, you have a choice - just under a mile walk in the desert sun to reach the strip (and then some, unless your walk to the strip was to watch the traffic at Flamingo and Las Vegas Blvd), or a 1/2 mile trek to the Palms. We opted for the Palms, but found that 117 degree weather sucks for a leisurely stroll past vacant lots, abandoned buildings, and the Gold Coast hotel/casino. They do offer a shuttle to the strip, but given how the rooms and casino were, I really did not trust the shuttle.. . The Beautiful - The view. When on vacation, especially in a late-night town like Las Vegas, It is important to have blackout curtains. But the view of the city lights was so magnificent, I left them open every night. During the day, I could see the mountains in the distance, as well as from the shower/launch pad.
Checking in here I tipped 20$ and got a bigger room on a really high floor so I would definitely recommend trying it. The only issue with having a room so high (the view was AMAZING) is that the elevators can take so long (seriously it takes forever). On check out the elevators had actually broken down so we had to walk down about 20 floors before we could get another elevator. . . The staff were really friendly but not invasive. The rooms are huge, good size closet and great vanity area. I liked that they provided a Kurig coffee machine and a refrigerator too so we weren't dependent coffee shops and could keep our own snacks. The rooms are pretty old though so don't expect the same standard you get in some of the other Vegas hotels (you get what you pay for). The only thing that bothered me was the $14 a day wifi charge(per device), which is frustrating when you have two computers and two smart phones as it adds up. The location is off the strip but they do provide a complimentary shuttle bus to Caesars, and you can always get a taxi. . Walking through the casino they had a lot of different mini shows going on, some waitresses would sing, bartenders would flare etc. .  . We got a great deal to stay here so I was really happy to see what we got for how little we paid. (I paid about the same to stay on the strip for half as long and the room was very similar)
A great older hotel. Just off the strip.
Her name is Rio, and she... well, she used to do a lot more.. . Told friends we were staying at the Rio and comments ranged from "I heard that was a great place to stay a long time ago", to "aren't they going to close the Rio?", to "why?". . Flash back with me to 1990.  I heard nothing but people visiting Vegas talk about the VooDoo Lounge, on the 51st floor, the shocking cocktail waitress outfits here, the amazing huge suites, and the masquerade in the sky carnival show.. . Well, the VooDoo lounge is not as exclusive, trendy, or fancy as it used to be, but it's not trying to be.  Still cannot beat that view at night.  It can get windy, but it's amazing.. . The shocking cocktail waitress thongs have been covered up, as trends do, although the lacy negligee black lace outfits are still very sexy.  The suites were nothing if you've stayed at the Venetian, or in a suite at Caesar's Palace, but it did look like the bathrooms had been remodeled, as they werein modern granite, and very very, like superbly clean.  Not a speck or indication of use anywhere.  . . Speaking of bathrooms, the ones here have a strange square window portal where you can see right in.  Not sure who came up with that bright idea, but it skeeved me out to think people visiting could see me on the potty or in the shower.  Anyway.  . . Check in was a breeze, even though there was a line.  There are so many deals that even the front desk was confused.  Ours, booked through the hotel's specials page, included two 24 hour buffet wristbands, for two days, for two people.  . . And use those wristbands we did, eating four meals a day.  The buffet here (the regular one, not the seafood one, which we did not try) is amazing, especially the mongolian bbq/teppanyaki stations.  Lots of fresh cut vegetables, and a little of everything - sushi, italian, chinese, salad bar, etc.  . . Everything except the Palms is a major hike from here.  There is a shuttered strip club across from the Rio, which is funny to look at.  I imagine there are cobwebs covered with glitter inside.  . . The outside of the building has peeling glass film, which is U-G-L-Y.  They need to renovate that.  . . And, as others have mentioned, the Masquerade in the Sky has gone to that big place in the sky where floats and showgirls dwell, long ago -- it is no longer. . . They do have some of the cocktail servers get up on platforms near the slot machines and dance.  I think they do that some other places, and it's strange, but also a welcome vibe among the quiet seniors pulling slot handles.. . Amazingly, the pool here is fantastic.  Actually four pools, one of which is adult... I mean "European"... I mean topless or whatever the euphemism is these days.  It is basically "toptional", so no kids, and whether you wear a top or not is up to you.  . . Enjoyed the shuttle to the other Caesar's properties, including Bally's, Paris Las Vegas, Harrah's, and Caesar's Palace.  That saved a lot of driving or taxicab fare. . . WiFi is included in your resort fee, but is for ONE device.  So if you connect your tablet, forget your computer or phone.  Ice buckets worked fine, and housekeeping was on it with extra towels and other items needed.  . . Two towers here, the Masquerade tower, where we stayed, and I think the Carnival Tower, which is a little closer.  Masquerade tower is a slight walk, but not too bad.  Burger King Bar (which was not visited) and the Chippendale's show are on this tower's side.  . . We did see Penn and Teller, which was packed, even though parts of it was the same show I saw 10 plus years ago.  But it was a great great show nonetheless. . . The best part was the view of the lightning, thunderstorms, and lights of las vegas from our room on the 31st floor.
We got in late, of course, but the gentlemen that helped us check in was pretty friendly. Even though it was 1am! . The staff, was good, but, unfortunately the hallways and such were not very clean. We walked through to our room several different times a day, and each time, it looked like they never vacuumed! . We also left a couple glasses in our room, that were clearly dirty, and the maids never touched them. I guess they had to be out in the hallway for them to pick them up. Who knows! . Our room was all the way to the end of the hall, but we just figured that was because we got in late. We settled with it. I always check everything out before unpacking, and this time was no different. Everything was ok, except for the shower pressure!! It felt, to me, like it was just trickling out! I have pretty long hair, and with low pressure like that it takes me extra long to shower.. but instead of complaining I just dealt with it. Was afraid I might get a worse shower.. LOL. Anyway, for practically FREE I guess it was ok. :)
Did not stay here but visited the casino to gamble. Enjoyed the gambling the waitress were attentive and nice.  Did not win much here but had much fun.
We stayed at the Rio in September, 2013 and we were satisfied with what we got for the price. When we first checked in to a standard room we were actually pretty disappointed - the carpet was ripped, the counter tops were dirty and stained, the sinks didn't drain, and overall it felt a little run down. We spoke to the front desk and were able to upgrade to a Samba suite for $20 more per night, which was well worth it. The Samba room was much nicer and newly renovated, and we were quite happy with it.. . Being just off the strip is always a little harder, but the shuttle from Rio to Bally's was pretty consistent.. . The Rio also had $5 craps tables even on Saturday night, which was nice.. . Overall we had a fine time, but we will probably be willing to pay a little more to stay on the Strip next time.
It's off the strip, it's cheap and the rooms are huge. We stayed for 2 days comfortably with 3 girls in the 2 bed queen. The rooms had a living room and 2 sinks (one inside and one outside of the bathroom).  . . It's a bit dated compared to many hotels in Vegas, but it was clean and quiet and that's all we really needed. (Room service wasn't bad and there was a Starbucks and a Sundries store right off the elevator). . . Seriously, what do you do in the room except pre-cocktails, recover and sleep). . . I'd stay here again.
Rooms are large and okay except the showers are terrible! Resort fee includes internet for 1 device per day otherwise it's $13.. Pool area is nice and has sand and waterfalls but pools range from cold to lukewarm and even the hot tub is not hot. The fish pool is heated kinda. . They have a shuttle to Harrahs and a shuttle to Ballys that are free and run every half hour or so. . They have a Burger King which has a limited menu and the meals come with a beer, but if you're starving at 4am, it's a godsend. Casino floor is decent size, ironically, not a lot of poker players.
Location location location
Decent hotel with large rooms if the price is right. The bathroom had an odd sewage type of smell which they were able to resolve once I called. I have no idea what it was, but not the smell you want in a hotel room. . . Keep in mind it's off the strip so you have to drive, take a cab, or take their shuttle that runs to Harrah's or Bally's every 30 mins or so til 1 am if you want to hit the strip.. . There were a few annoyances, including the check in line taking half an hour and the in room check out not working so I had to check out at the desk. . . I'd consider staying here if the price were right but if you planning on hitting the strip every day, the lack of a "home base" if you want to relax some is a little annoying.
First night: the bed is as stiff and uncomfortable as they get. The pillows are very thick and I have now been on hold for 10 min with the front desk to ask for feather pillows. Unacceptable.. The room is nice and large and is modestly decorated.
We booked the Rio because Vegas was unusually busy the weekend that we wanted to go and hotels on the Strip were unusually pricey.  After logging into my Total Rewards account online, I saw that the rate for Rio was quite low for Friday and Saturday and Sunday was free!  The rates on Expedia for the same rooms at Rio were noticeably higher and Sunday would not have been free.  So from a room rate perspective for a busy weekend in Vegas, we got a great deal on 3 nights for Rio by booking online through Total Rewards.. . During check in, we were offered an upgrade to a recently remodeled room for $20 per night.  The agent recommended this as a very good deal.  The un-remodeled rooms were last remodeled almost 10 years ago vs. 4 months ago for the upgraded rooms.  We took the upgrade and the rooms were pleasantly furnished and carpeted.  The rooms are approximately 600 sq feet but it feels like a lot of wasted space because there's 1 small couch, and a cocktail table in the "living area".  There is no separation of a wall or anything between the "living area" and the sleeping area.  There was 1 older flat screen TV but it doesn't swivel easily between watching on the bed and watching from the couch.  (It didn't swivel at all actually, you have to turn the entire tv and the non-swivelable tv base toward the couch.). . The pool area is decent. The lounge chairs are older but not terrible.  The nice thing was that there were plenty of them because the Rio pools are not exactly a hip happening place.. . The Carnival Buffet is solid and clean and we ate there as part of the 24 Hour Buffet of Buffets for breakfast and lunch.  Without the Buffet of Buffet passes, we wouldn't have eaten here though because the weekend prices were surprisingly quite high.. . Unfortunately, of the 4 elevators servicing the Masquerade Tower, only 2 were operational during the entire 3 night stay!   Apparently 1 of the 4 elevators is meant to be a service elevator for the service and cleaning staff.  That was one of the elevators that was broken so we were sometimes sharing already cramped elevators with service staff.  In addition, the UP escalator from the casino floor to access the parking garage was non-operational during our entire stay as well.  There were no visible nearby stairs.  This wouldn't have been so bad but they blocked off access so you could not walk up the escalator on your own either.  This was very annoying!  You then had to backtrack to a nearby elevator that just runs between the 1st and 2nd floor. On Monday morning, there were finally 2 service technicians working to repair the escalator.  It does suck that Rio didn't care enough to fix the elevator and escalator issues as soon as possible to minimize visitor inconvenience.. . Overall, we were satisfied with the value because we did get a really good rate when other hotels were 2-3 times the price, so I'm giving it 3 stars.  If not for the double whammy of the aggravating escalator and elevators during our entire stay, I'd have been a happier camper.
I've stayed at the Rio a couple times now, most recently because it was the cheapest (for a decent hotel) on only a couple days notice.  The rooms are nice and the rooms are huge.  There is a complimentary refrigerator for your in-suite beverages and plenty of room to get ready if you are staying with multiple people.  The place is huge and has pretty much every you need on site from eating to gambling to drinking to entertainment (though I've never seen a show there).  The rooftop bar is nice, giving you a great view of the Strip.  The only downside with it being a bit off the Strip I probably saw most of my savings going towards cab fares.  Otherwise a nice hotel for the price point, I'd probably stay again.
I had a great view of the strip, but paid 20 bucks a day for that said view. Oh well. That would be no big deal, but it was in the winter, and the pools are drained, and they are quite the eyesore. The concierge was fairly useless, or never answered the phone. My suite was newly renovated though, so it was pretty. it's too far from the strip really for a normal "stay". The shuttles to Bally's and Harrah's helps, though.
It's not great, but it's not terrible.
Rio has an average of 3-stars here on Yelp and I think that sounds about right. . . My expectations are usually higher for non-strip hotels because there's so much to see and do on the strip, why would I wanna go off the beaten path?. . Room deals or should I say suite deals since Rio is an all-suites hotel. Their price is pretty decent but you get what you pay for. The rooms could use some upgrades. For this stay, they ran out of queen doubles so we had to settle for a King with a pullout. It wasn't so bad. We had to call housekeeping for the mattress cover and pillows. It took them half an hour to fulfill our request.. . There's mini bar for you midnight munchies and a mini fridge to keep your booze chilled. Who doesn't like pre-gaming, right? . . As for food options, they have 3 buffets: Carnival World, Seafood, and Indian. For your Asian cravings, there's Pho Da Nang and a dimsum place. And then there's the BK burger bar.. . The casino itself wasn't too bad. The female cocktail servers are scantily clad and double as go-go dancers on stage. Various game options and the minimums here seem to be lower compared to some strip casinos.. . Parking isn't to bad either. We opted for the Carnival Garage and it's closer than the other one. Don't make the first right on Rio drive, got to the next one instead.
If your looking to walk up and down the strip an be in the center of it all do not stay here. It's a good 15 minutes in a taxi with traffic. You can't walk to and from the strip from here. It is clean and bigger then most. My husband saw Penn and Teller there and loved it. There's a lot to see inside and a big stage with a band playing. They have a wine tasting cellar downstairs which looked nice but I didn't make it in. Staff was ok.
Our room was very nice. Very large and clean. The room price was only $36 plus the resort fee. And there was a credit for some food. However the casino is mediocre at best, smoky with low ceilings. The restaurant prices were high and there wasn't even free coffee in the room.
This review is for the new remodeled rooms. Rio desperately needed a makeover the rooms have taken a beating in the last serval years. Finally they got a remodel, I believe only some floors not all got it. They're called samba rooms, colorful and much nicer thandays of past. . . They installed stainless steal sinks and nice comfy new beds. If you get unlucky and get a old room than its like staying at a motel with large space and old tube tv and all.
Since I wasn't there for very long, this is a review in progress I guess you could say.. I seemingly take a trip to Vegas each year, so next time in town I will hit up Rio and give it another try  =. . ~The Good~. Rio is off of the main part of the strip, so  it has a feel of being its own animal, I guess you could say. I haven't eaten at any of the restaurants, but the variety of options is perfect, from Caribbean fare to fine seafood, then they have this fun looking Indian food place as we walked in...Best of many worlds if you ask me. Gambling hall looks spacious and spread out evenly, and the events center which we saw Penn & Teller at was large, had a Starbucks for those coffee lovers, and a large lobby for all patrons with a bar. They have some drink stations as well, like Last Call for those whom like the slushy drinks. I was not in for very long, but I love island-themed resorts, so this place looks slick and worth a try again.. . ~The Bad~. I did notice that the pool was small, looked extremely small, actually. So I must have been seeing a side pool, I am sure....otherwise that is the smallest damn pool, why would a Caribbean-themed casino have a rinky-dink pool? Hrmm... The parking lot was also crazy; the structure had no room for our car, which forced us to park in the overflow lot.  I did not mind walking, but it was annoying having to drive around to an overflow lot... Also, the place did not smell overly inviting, not sure if it was the cigarette smoke or the cigarette smoke... Blech.  Also, just as it is off the strip which is nice, it is also difficult getting to all the other action. It would be difficult for me to have to drive to the strip each time I want to go down there, a lot of work.. . ~The Down low~. Overall, this place is fun. I was not able to enjoy it and take the entire place in on my trip there, mainly because we had the show to catch. Next time in Vegas, I will try to venture back and view more the casino has to offer. I will try to verify the pool situation, and see if parking ever gets better...until then they will get a generic 3 stars...But that should change :-0
