I went to Max Brenner on Christmas Eve after reading about this restaurant on Yelp and being instantly intrigued. I had come by the day before to buy cookies from the stand outside of the restaurant. The cookies (chocolate chip with nuts) are amazing! They are pricey at $5 each but they are large and heavy! I was shocked at how big they were. So we decided to come back the next night for dessert before going out to have drinks.. . We got the fondue for two which was, I believe $21.95. With the fondue we got strawberries, bananas, marshmallows and what looked like store bought brownies, caramel and two types of chocoloate (we got milk and white). The fondue flame was a bit out of control! It was sparking a lot and actually made me a bit nervous that something would catch on fire. I was even more nervous after our server told us that a previous diner's Louis Vuitton bag caught fire a bit after a spark landed on a napkin then landed on her bag! I was like "Umm, you can take it away now!". Although I laugh/laughed about it, it could be dangerous though so you definetly need to pay attention. . . I felt that the fondue overall was kinda of basic and not that elaborate or special. It's easy to just cut up some fruit, get a few marshamllows and some Little Debbie brownies and put them in a bowl and melt some chocolate. I was expecting it to be a little more elaborate or to have a wow-factor. The overall experience of eating fondue and laughing about the out on control flame was fun and that did over-ride the lackluster service and fondue.. . I would probably only go back for the cookies.
Max Brenner is known for sweet offerings, so I had this preconception about the savory dishes being less than satisfactory.  Fortunately, I was proven wrong.  The mushroom and steak quesadilla was surprisingly good.  Nice crispy crust with quality ingredients packed inside.  The hazelnut chocolate shake was wonderful.  "The works" chocolate pizza had good chocolaty taste without being too rich.  The marshmallow on top provided good mouth feel.
I had higher expectations for this place since they have so many restaurants.  I came here for Sunday brunch today and I made a reservation, but it wasn't crowded.  I knew the food was going to be heavy, but it was way too heavy for me, even though I consider myself to have a considerable sweet tooth and grew up eating Southern breakfasts.  I ordered the banana split waffles that had bananas and carmelized rice krispies on it.  The bananas and rice krispies were delicious, but the waffle had the consistency of a donut.  The whipped cream was below the waffle, so it had already been absorbed into the waffle when I received it.  I was very disappointed that the waffle already had syrup on it, so it was super sweet.  I've never had waffles where they added the syrup already for you, so it was quite a surprise.  Thankfully the chocolate ganache came on the side.. . I did really enjoy my chocolate chai, and if it wasn't for my Groupon I probably would have rated it lower.  I think this place is much better suited as a dessert place instead of brunch, and sharing desserts would probably be the best because it is super sweet!
It wasn't busy at all when I went in. The hostess was nice and got me right to a seat. These servers here are quick. Soon as I picked up my menu the girl was asking what drink I wanted. I asked her to come back seeing that they have a lot of chocolate drinks, and I wanted some extra calories today. . . So the prices turned me off about those good yummy sounding drinks, and I just got a coke, which was pricey  $2.25 for a diet coke sucks. . I didn't want to spend too much, and It looked like I had no choice. I had a lot of good choices to eat. The menu items sounded so good, and I went with the Really Crunchy Mac n Cheese. . . I drank my coke quickly, and they asked me several times if I needed a refill but I really actually was worried that they would charge me an extra $2.25 for it, so I said no. . . The meal was ok.. I mean it was good don't get me wrong, but not the best I tried. Soon half way in the meal I bite on some seasoning, they had in the mac and cheese, and I hated it. I have tasted this before in another meal once, and I don't know what it is! I changed my mind as I was eating it and instend of ok..it was now bad because of that one little seasoning. I just stopped eating and hurried to check the menu for a drink, they could get the taste out of my mouth because it makes me sick to my stomach. . . I got a cookie shake to go that cost $7.75.. That was the best part of this whole meal was that shake! It was soo good! It had white chocolate cream and Oreo cookies! I would come back just for that shake! . . I think this place was decent. I just picked the wrong meal for me.  If I come back, I will try something with less ingredients. . . My whole meal was about $25.00, and that's not including the tip, and that was just for one individual. If you arrive with friends and family, you know where the price will be.
The restaurant itself is great.  And the food is delicious too, especially for people with a big sweet tooth like me.  That alone could get the restaurant five stars.  The only downer is the service.  It's a new restaurant, so I could understand why it wasn't up to par.  Not much to say, really.  I would definitely suggest going here, preferably for breakfast, because there aren't many restaurants on the west coast like it and the food's awesome, but if you've been to the NY one, don't expect too much.
The short: Get the "white cookie" fresh from the oven, at the front cafe for $5. OMG. OMG. . . The long: inside at the restaurant: long waits, water refills - had to ask each time. "Sunday pasta" did a number on my tummy! :-(. Best thing on the menu - the $5 white cookies in front cafe, fresh out of the oven. Wish i spent my groupon on just those cookies. Forget the entrees, they're nothing special - typical ingredients prepared en masse so they can be thrown together and then onto your plate. That's how it tastes. And you'll pay a premium to find out I'm right.
went for full lunch and dessert w/ kids:. waffle fries A+. Chicken strips w/ 'paintbrush' for mustard and ketchup A-. Cobb salad - overdressed and chopped, nothing special C+. bacon/chicken on sticks - 4 pieces $7, tasty B-. Croquettes - 4 pieces $7, okay C+. onion rings - tower of 10ish $7, Weee! A-.    came w/ chocloate ranch sauce, meh C+. Penne pasta $14, meh C+. mac and cheese kids meal w/ syringe full of marinara B- for fun factor. . The real reason we'll return in the future:. decadent desserts and drinks!. - 80s milkshake (no can for refill) $7  - A. - Frozen lemonade $4 - A. - fondue for sharing - A. - kids loved their 'mess', cakepan sized bowl of ice cream w/ own house choco sauce to pour over - came w/ mini spatulas to eat with - A. - kid loved his chocolate syringe - A. . all this w/ tip ran family of 5 $150.00
What a great concept and really great decor, fun menu. Very small bar tables and chairs. I went for the chocolate pizza and was a bit disappointed. It was good, but not really all that special :( Really wanted to be wowed but wasn't.
Much better in Sydney AUS
Go for dessert, but skip the real food. . . We went for lunch and got the Brenner Burger and the Mushroom and Ricotta pizza. The burger was edible. Not too bad, but nothing special, and not as good as the burger from the Society Cafe two days earlier. The pizza was terrible. My wife said it tasted like Elios, and I think that's an insult to Elios. Would never come back here for food.  3 stars for the burger, 0 stars for the pizza. . . The we got dessert. This is why you should come. The chocolate egg rolls were insane. 5 stars. The giant cookie was great for the one or two bites we tried, but we took the rest to go. Will really enjoy it tonight as a late night snack. Also 5 stars!
I didn't try much here...but I am a major fan of chocolate...more like an addict.  I thought the whole concept of a chocolate restaurant/store was fabulous.  I had a drink with coffee, chocolate, and kahlua...a Mocha Madness.  It came in one of those stemless martini glasses that sit in the glass of ice.  It was delicious.  We were just taking a break from shopping, but I would love to go back when I had a bit more time.  They have all things chocolate...coffees, cocktails, hot chocolate, fondues, desserts...as well as food items.
I waited a little while to try this place because I'm not the biggest chocolate fan. Originally I was determined to have the churros with fondue, but UNFORTUNATELY they were out. So instead I ordered the banana tempura with chocolate fondue and toffee sauce. And my friend ordered the waffle fires and the lemonade granita. . . Banana fondue- This came in a Chinese take out box, my initial reaction was this entire thing was filled, but I noticed it was only half filled because the bottom half they filled with paper. I was a little irritated by this. However this is a classy restaurant where big portions do not exist. The texture of the breading on the banana was pretty crunchy, nice coat of panko bread crumbs, while the inside was the smooth soft warm banana. There were also 2 sliced strawberries on the side, which was nice to dip in the chocolate fondue and the toffee sauce was a better dip for the tempura banana. . . Waffle fies- this was quite good. Nice and crisp. Powered with coco powered and came with a sauce. My friend and I both loved it. . . Lemonade Granita- It looked good in the picture and Misti also recommended it. This tasted like a mint drink with lemon. Honestly, it was like drinking a plant with ice. We both thought it was disgusting. Too much mint and there was only a hint of lemonade. . . The service felt kinda weird and they sat us at a little round table, which we thought was only for coffee drinking costumers? Although I do like the next contrast of the browns and mochas, as if you're walking inside the office of the Willy Wonka Factory. Overall it was an ok experience.
You should probably try this place if you are walking by and might like it, but tastes vary and it was not quite my cup of tea, so everyone should reflect their own tastes to capture the average in the review and I can't be the one to give this place a top rating. I tried one of the shakes (technically some kind of grenada-something not a shake) and a hot chocolate, as I was between meals. The 'shake' was definitely a different style with the character of a raw chocolate powder based icee with rich dark chocolate with a lot of character to it, however it was just quite my thing, not creamy, not melt in your mouth irresistable, just very cold and strong. The hot chocolate was interesting (I would recommend it above the shake) with a very very frothy head to it. Again it was very rich, but I think that combines better with a hot beverage than a cold one, not my favorite but different and interesting. Probably I should not have tried both because they are strong raw chocolate with a lot more power than the usual stuff and I ended up with a headache later, but I did not want to miss the experience. Overall the italian ice at another very well reviewed vegas desert stop was more to my liking, but to each their own. For $5-7 to try a chocolate item though this place will cost you a lot less than most things in vegas though, so it is worth a try to see if it is your thing.
Place has AMAZING FOOD! My mom had a Panini, which she said was delicious. I had a Turkey Burger, which was AMAZING! It was super moist, full of flavor and had the most amazing mushrooms on it. Best of all, the waffle cut fries were the best! . . This restaurant is smack dab in the middle of The Forum Shops. We originally wanted to go to Cheesecake Factory, but the wait was 2 hours long! Max Brenners took us immediately!. . Only getting three stars because I believe that service truly makes the experience. Our server seemed to help everyone else in our section but us. She took forever to bring us water and get us utensils to eat with. When our food came out, we didn't have any utensils, so we just sat for what seemed like forever. . . Bottom line, the food is great here. Good food and not bad prices for on the Strip.
I love chocolate but the Maxwich and the Smores was just too chocolatey.. . Service was phenomenal.
I was excited to try this place because he is known to be the "Chocolate Man", but was a little disappointed. Great food presentation, but the unique taste just wasn't there. Came here for lunch.. . FOOD ORDERED. Lemongrass Tea Infusion - nice set up. Thai Chicken Satay - Good according to my husband. The Brenner Burger - ok. Kid's Palace Smiling Pizza - he was supposed to be able to make his pizza, but they didn't even ask... Pure Chocolate Truffle Granita - The best thing we tasted out of everything! Very rich though. Get water.. . ENVIRONMENT. Located in the Caesar's Palace Forum Shops across from H&M.. . TIP. You could probably go here instead of the cheesecake factory down the way, NO LINE HERE, food quality about the same.
I would give the chocolate 5 stars and the regular food 2 stars, so I ended up with 3 for my overall review.  I got a butterscotch shake that was DIVINE!  When we were ordering our lunch food, the waitress boasts to us that she has never had complaints about the food ever.  That was a bad sign.  Turns out we were her "first ever" complaints.  Or so she said.  A few of us ordered the Max Brenner burger.  We requested medium when asked how we want them cooked.  I ended up with a super dry burger that was charred on the outside.  I should have shelled out the extra $2 for the kobe beef because my friend said that although hers was overcooked, it was still juicy.  Mine was completely devoid of juiciness.  The waitress did comp one of the burgers when my friend complained, but I can't imagine she would have comped them all, so I stayed silent.  I was so full from the shake that I didn't bother finishing my burger.  Also, the BBQ sauce is non-existant on the burger, so make sure to request extra.  So disappointing for a $15 burger!  I will only come back for the sweets when I return to Vegas.
It is reasonably priced, but the food is more like a Chili's.  It was good for the price. Wait staff was also very friendly and attentive.
A couple of friends in the group had come to Max Brenner before and highly suggested that we eat here. The food was decent for the price. We got a bunch of different plates to share like the risotto, artichoke dip, wedge fries and mac and cheese. Overall the food was worth the price. This place is obviously known for its deserts/chocolate. The milkshakes were to DIE for. The only reason why I wouldn't go back is that the service was painfully slow and our server was extremely rude. We would try getting her attention multiple times as she walked right by us but she was too involved with her conversation w/ another worker that she walked by about 4x before noticing us. When she finally walked over she goes "Yes?" and stands there staring at us like we interrupted her. When we asked for boxes she boxes only 3 of our plates and brings out a box for me asking "You're ok boxing this yourself right?". It took over a hour for the food to come out and water/sodas were never refilled. The place wasn't busy either.. it was a Sunday about 2pm. . . Just awful service.
MEDIOCRE-. this was our first time here.... we were celebrating our sons 10th bday. We ordered the brenner sliders, buffalo chicken sliders, fish tacos, & spinach dip. It was good. My 6yr old ordered from the kids menu. The kids menu is a RIPOFF!!!! It cost more than our sliders and a lot smaller!! She ordered pasta w/ butter & parm cheese that came in a small cup $9. It is a VERY small portion. No sides or anything. . We ordered the banana split waffle, which was mediocre. For a $14 banana split waffle, you would think you would at least get more than 1 little scoop of ice cream... the waffle was a little dry/hard...We also ordered 1/2 chocolate pizza w/ banana & hazelnuts. It was ok but as soon as you pick up the pizza, all the toppings slide off. Both my kids had that problem...Before coming here, I did check out other peoples reviews & photos from yelp. i knew what i was going to order. i was really hoping that I would like this place. My 10yr old bday boy even said he thought this place was just ok....disappointed....
If you like chocolate you are in for a treat (pun intended).  The over-the-top choclatyness of this place gets overwhelming fast but if you pace yourself and keep your portions small it's worth the indulgence of wallet and diet.
Came here with my family just for dessert.  We ordered the Butterscotch milkshake, Tiramisu with berries, Sugar waffle banana split, and Italian thick dark hot chocolate.  The presentation of each dish, even the hot chocolate, was very creative and pleasing.  Service was good, and ambience is nice.  The only things holding me back from giving this 4 stars are that the waffle was very dry, the tiramisu was a tad too sweet, and the hot chocolate lacked depth of flavor.  Also, each dish is quite expensive for what it is.. . That said, Max Brenner is worth checking out.  They have a lot to offer.
I had been wanting to try this place out for their hot chocolate and was recently able to finally give it a try.  There is a counter outside where you can order their Italian hot chocolate and some other items, or you can go inside to the bar where they have more options for you to choose from.  After getting a sample of the milk chocolate Italian hot chocolate and not being too impressed with it, we decided to go inside to get our drinks.  (FYI their Italian hot chocolate is supposed to be thick but it wasn't at all; it had the consistency of regular hot chocolate.)  We love having marshmallow in our hot chocolate so we ordered a milk chocolate hot chocolate with melting marshmallows and a white chocolate hot chocolate also with melting marshmallows.  I was pretty disappointed with the first half or so of the drink.  It was really runny and flavorless.  It wasn't until I got to the bottom that I started to enjoy my drink more.  All the marshmallows were at the bottom so it added more flavor to it.  If not I would've had to give this place a lower rating!  . . I had read about the chocolate chip walnut cookie so we had to give it a try.  It's a pricey cookie (about $5) but it's huge and worth it!  It is thick and ooey and gooey and warm with delicious chocolate flavor!  We bought it at the counter and the guy working the counter and outside dining area was awesome, so helpful and friendly.  He was MIA from the counter for awhile but then again he had double duty, taking care of both the dining customers and the walk-up customers at the counter.  The bartender inside the restaurant though, not so friendly, but she was slammed with dessert drink orders.  . . In all the hot chocolate ended up being okay but I have definitely had better.  For people in northern California, Ginger Elizabeth in Sacramento has the best hot chocolate, full of flavor from first sip to last and marshmallow flavor from first sip to - and especially with - the last.  Monique's Chocolates in Palo Alto has the next best hot chocolate in my opinion.  Their white hot chocolate tasted like the Nestle Alpine white chocolate bar which is my favorite white chocolate.
This is not clear from the name as presented here or many of the reviews, but you should know before going in, this is a Chocolate-themed restaurant. Desserts are more plentiful on the menu than anything else. . . That said, I got a delicious turkey burger, and the fries were very tasty (with cocoa powder on them). The place was pretty dead the night we were there, but I suspect it is packed at lunch time from mall traffic. Like everything else in Vegas, it is not really as cheap as you would hope.
Just okay.  Okay food, okay chocolate creations, okay drinks.. . Pretty good place for a hung over brunch.. . I hear they have solid omelets...lemme know.
chocolatey dreams come true, it will melt in your mouth as your wallet will when you get the bill. But that is not why I am writing..... this is all about the flavor! . The location is great, clean and beautiful I have no complaints on that, great place for a date or your mom. . . - Courteous fast and efficient but the place was not full at all when I was there.. - Dessert was the name of the game today: . . Italian thick hot chocolate....just like they serve it in Rome...very rich I give it an A+ . . 80's milkshake ( chocolate ganash, vanilla ice cream, chocolate shell) NOT the best...I believe the icecream was not up to par with the exquisite chocolate in the cup... they should serve a better brand or make their own ice cream. B-. . Max's Palace Famous Chocolate Mess Party ( layer of chocolate mudcake, icecream, chocolate chunks, strawberries or bananas and overkill of Walmart brand whipped cream) ....I recommend staying away from this MESS because its more of an after party than a party itself...again, the icecream is substandard and it is 70% whipped cream all over it...even my 10 yr old niece wondered why there was so much, now I know there is better whipped cream out there somewhere because my mother makes her own and its fantastic .... so I'm sure Max could come up with better cream somehow.....it was just overkill of store bought whipped cream...so I will NOT recommend this dessert. D- . . I have to mention that I WILL go back for the ITALIAN THICK HOT CHOCOLATE again and try other items because the menu is huge and varied. . . So far I believe that they mix great chocolate with substandard ingredients but I will find out more when I go back different items. . . I do recommend Max Brenner even though I gave them 3 stars, there is more I need to try. :)
My bf and I had an hour to eat so we wanted to try something quick. I had the risotto and my bf had the Mac n cheese. The Mac n cheese was pretty good, even with the bacon in it. The risotto was ok. More than half of it was left over.. . Maybe next time I have to try the fries and something chocolate. But, like I said we didn't have much time.. . Hopefully I choose something better next time.
This place was so average that i'm having trouble understanding the great reviews.  We had drink and dinner, but no dessert.  Maybe that's where we went wrong.  Maybe this place is just all about dessert.  I didn't even think the waffle fries (which everyone seems to be raving about) were all that great.
The was nothing wrong with the food; between the four of us we had Brenner's Chicken Panini, Caesar Salad, Breakfast Burrito and some kind of chicken sandwich with onion rings. Once again, there was nothing wrong with the food, other than it being overpriced for average quality. I ordered the panini because I was eager to try the waffle fries sprinkled with cocoa and chili powder; once again, the fries were fine - but I failed to notice anything  special about them. . The  reason we went to Brenner's was for the hot chocolate. We tasted all around the Italian w/ dark chocolate, the whipped chocolate (also the dark chocolate), the white chocolate and the Melting Marshmallow with dark chocolate. The favorite was the Melting Marshmallow, the least favorite was the white chocolate. I tasted each with the exception of the whipped chocolate. I would gladly order any of the dark chocolate drinks again; I am a sucker for thick hot chocolate and the Italian was exactly that; albeit a little sweeter than I prefer. For my buck the best flavor was the Melting Marshmallow. The two who ordered the white chocolate were sorry they had done so.. The service was poor as the waitress would disappear for long stretches. We ordered the hot chocolate before the meal (we didn't want to take the chance that we wouldn't have room for hot chocolate). We ordered the meal and 20 minutes later the food arrived and we had to ask for water glasses. I had ordered a soft drink with my meal, and it never came. We had a party of four, plus two infants who shared with us and an 18% gratuity was added. I have many friends who have worked in service industries and I have learned from them the importance of tips and I am typically a modestly generous tipper - I would not have given this waitress 18%.
Chocolate galore and the best customer service you will ever get.. . Although I am a fan of chocolate and great customer service the 3 stars is based on the food. I think Max Brenner has good food but it is not great.. . I had the Mexican omlette, a pizza made with mozerella cheese, a dark hot chocolate. The Mexican omlette was nothing special and the egg was over cooked, the pizza was the only thing I really liked and the hot chocolate was way too sweet even though I requested steamed milk to dilute it a bit. I think I actually ruined my hot chocolate by adding milk. The first few sips were heaven but it eventually got too sweet where I didnt want to eat my main course. I suggest you save the hot cocoa for dessert.. . The customer service was impeccable. We were served by a friendly staff that checked on us every few minutes and were happy to cater to our every need even though we asked for numerous little things like steamed milk, moving to another table, extra utencils and plates, etc.
We stumbled across this place and decided to grab a late lunch. We had the hummus and chips, onion rings and fries. All were prepared well and tasted great. The only issue was the service, it was fine when there were a few other tables, but as soon as it thinned out we had to wait for ages for anything. I tried to get anyone's attention, but they seemed to walk away or pretend they didn't hear.
It was about 11:30 and my friend and I were looking for breakfast at Caesar's Palace.  The food court was no longer serving breakfast and we were working our way to a deli at the Mirage or TI when we stumbled upon Max Brenner, which serves breakfast until 3:00 on Thursday.. . We were seated by our hostess, and my friend ordered poached eggs.  He wanted the yolks soft, and tried to make clear what he wanted, but the waitress couldn't quite understand what he meant.  It was as if she was unfamiliar with poached eggs.. . To ensure that he received soft yolks, he changed his egg order to "over easy."  She tried to confirm his order by asking if he wanted them "over medium."  My biggest complaint was that the waitress was unable to grasp a simple egg order.  I guess I expect more when paying $15 for a routine egg breakfast.. . The food was  pretty good, but in addition to the service, I was also disappointed by the limited breakfast selection.  Next time I will just look for a coffee shop.
***This review is strictly on the drinks***. . After a long day shopping on the strip we ended up at H&M and when I saw the Max Brenner sign I knew I had to try it. We opted to sit outside so and just get chocolate wasted. . . Me and a friend got the chocolate martini with a shot of Baileys with a toothpick of chocolate dipped strawberry's. My other friend got the chocolate cake martini which came with marshmallows. The price was about $12-14 which is kind of pricey for a martini but it was deliciously pricey. The martini really does taste like chocolate and with one shot of baileys...you could practically drink it as if it was chocolate milk, which could be a good or bad thing ;)
Stopped and had brunch ;) . Seated right at opening! Yeah! . Service was good, we ordered the granola fruit bowl - yummy bananas/strawberry/blueberries/blackberries/granola/yogurt/ and chocolate bits to top with warm honey on the side and a powdered biscotti on the other side of my big bowl. Hubby ordered the mixed skillet (forgot the name) breakfast which was ok, eggs were well done - and uncle ordered the Mexican omelet which seemed ok. Their brunch came with a side of butter and a side of chocolate - lol (I know u don't  come to a joint like this without having chocolate) - I ordered a fruit smoothie that came in a cute "drink me" cup and they had iced lattes.  . . Overall I really think its 3 stars for brunch food, I'd have to come for dessert as I think it would definitely be 4-5 stars! U'd have to wait for my next review since I will be back but only for dessert!
I went here for a get together with a friend and her family and friends. She said she'd gone to one before and just threw out the magic word: "Chocolate." I was convinced, this was going to be an amazing lunch!. . I ordered a burger, which had a large bun - and the standard toppings. Not bad, but also not that amazing, especially considering the price. The dessert we got - fondue -- was excellent! So, on one hand, this place excels in their alcoholic drinks, chocolate desserts, and service, but as far as regular food goes, it's average.. . I probably wouldn't choose to come back here again unless it was just for dessert and drinks.
Good food.  Four out of six entrees were good, the other 2, were OK.  The burgers needed some help, but the steak panini was great, we tried an excellent salmon, and the turkey club was good - but definitely the desserts are what you should go in for.  As soon as you go in, you'll smell what I mean.  We also had a great appetizer -the corn croquettes,  which I could've ordered all night, not a whole lot of app. but great flavor.  A breaded ball with sweet corn a zesty sauce with cheese, and lots of flavor mmm, mmm, mmm.. With chocolate galore, from drinks to apps to entrees, everything can have chocolate if you want it to.  We Shared a fondue with Dark Chocolate, Milk Choc. and Caramel sauces with bananas, strawberries, marshmallows, brownies...do I need to go on?  The caramel sauce was a little sweet but the bananas and dark chocolate, a great combination.. The server was friendly, but lacked in some basic serving skills, like having plates and silverware on the table before the apps. came out.  We had to ask for utensils and plates for the apps, but I still give the server a C because of his personality.. Just a heads up, an 18% Gratuity is inc. on parties of 6 or more.  I don't mind this at all as long as I feel the server is making a sincere effort in taking care of all of his/her customers.. Overall a good experience.  Good food, nice atmosphere, just a few things need to be polished up.
This place was just OK for me.  My friend came in town and we went here for late breakfast early lunch then hit up the mall.. . -We were greeted and seated promptly-great!. -Drinks took a bit to get [smoothie and a coffee with chocolate came out fine] water took a bit longer. Straws to drink the water even longer. CHECK even took longer. At one point our waitress was out on the patio singing and dancing and we were looking for ketchup.. - Music is definitely eclectic can't say I liked it but it was interesting. - I really wanted fish tacos, but they make them with CATFISH -blah, gag, gross, no thanks [again see my seafood kick]. - We ordered 2 sandwiches to share:  the Bacon, Avocado, Lettuce, Tomato and the Pulled Pork (get that one). . The BALT or whatever is called was drowning in dressing b/w the bread. It was so much so that when asked how our meal was by the manager [PS this is a rarity so I will give  1/2 a star just for that] we mentioned that the sandwich was no good. We were told someone was training in the back and maybe was over doing it. SUGGESTION-get the dressing on the side for this one or don't order it at all.. . The Pulled Pork was amazing, their BBQ sauce was really really good. Both sandwiches came with 2 pickles that were rather uneventful :(. . The most disappointing were the chili chocolate powdered fries--they were less fun then Arby's curly fries and def not Chick-Fil-A waffle fry status.. . I'm not rushing to go back.
Food good, service, not so much.   . . After all the hype, I was ready to give this place a try!  We set up a reservation and arrived with our table waiting and ready.  It was about 9:30 pm on a Friday night and we wanted dinner, drinks, and of course we wanted to try the chocolate.  I started off with the White russian and it was really good.  We also ordered the Peach Lemonade which was good, but nothing special.  For food, we started off with the Creamy Spinach & Artichoke Fondue and we tore it up, we both really liked it.  For dinner, she had the Angus Beef Brenner burger with bacon and I had the Really Cheesy- Really Crunchy Mac & Cheese with Chicken.  Both the dinners were awesome!  I really enjoyed the Mac& Cheese and it was a huge  portion.    This is when the service went from good to horrible.    . . Our server basically vanished around this time, but finally showed up and we packed our to go plates.  They were out of the special order fantastic popsicle, so instead of the fondue,  we ordered the banana split waffle for dessert.   The waffle was cold and didn't have much flavor, but a fork full of banana, waffle, chocolate, caramel and ice cream was really scrumptious.    By the time the server showed up we had eaten about half of it ( it was plenty for two).  So i mentioned to her that the waffle wasn't warm at all, and she replied "but the banana was warm right? "  and walked away.   She brought us our bill and then vanished for about 15 mins,  we gave our payment to another server finally and we just wanted to leave at that point.  Overall, it was decent.  I would like to go back and try the breakfast.
My expectations were really high for Max Brenner and it was a little bit of a let down. The BALT (avocado BLT) I got for dinner was very good but my dessert of Urban S'mores was just ok. Service was excellent and ambiance was wonderful too. I just felt like the dessert fell short. Maybe next time I'll get a milkshake or something.
Our group tried a bunch of the menu items here and even if you order a healthy item, it comes with a sugar dusted biscuit and some chocolate. If you are looking for a rich and decadent breakfast, this is your place. It is a great place for large parties and large stomachs as well. I personally thought the items were a bit too heavy and rich but that is probably personal preference.. . Service was a bit slow and it took us quite some  time to order and also to get our check. They have some tables outside so you can do some people watching in the mall while you eat as well.. . Huevos Rancheros Sunrise Burrito, farm fresh scrambled eggs, spicy chorizo sausage, tomato, pepper jack cheese served with spiced home fries. Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet, farm fresh eggs, sausage, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, spinach, home fries & mushrooms seasoned and scrambled together served with a house baguette . Guilt Free Omelet, mushroom, spinach, onion, peppers, tomato & swiss cheese served with a diamond dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit, spiced home fries & pure melted chocolate lick. Illegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes 60% dark chocolate trule cream, pure milk chocolate shavings, spiced pecans, caramelized bananas . *1/2 Chocolate Chunks Pizza, Max's double chocolate melting chunks & bananas, peanut butter
Our group tried a bunch of the menu items here and even if you order a healthy item, it comes with a sugar dusted biscuit and some chocolate. If you are looking for a rich and decadent breakfast, this is your place. It is a great place for large parties and large stomachs as well. I personally thought the items were a bit too heavy and rich but that is probably personal preference.. Service was a bit slow and it took us quite some time to order and also to get our check. They have some tables outside so you can do some people watching in the mall while you eat as well.. Huevos Rancheros Sunrise Burrito, farm fresh scrambled eggs, spicy chorizo sausage, tomato, pepper jack cheese served with spiced home friesCande's Killer Breakfast Skillet, farm fresh eggs, sausage, onions, bell peppers, tomatoes, spinach, home fries & mushrooms seasoned and scrambled together served with a house baguette Guilt Free Omelet, mushroom, spinach, onion, peppers, tomato & swiss cheese served with a diamond dusted sugar buttermilk biscuit, spiced home fries & pure melted chocolate lickIllegal Chocolate Chocolate Chocolate Pancakes 60% dark chocolate trule cream, pure milk chocolate shavings, spiced pecans, caramelized bananas *1/2 Chocolate Chunks Pizza, Max's double chocolate melting chunks & bananas, peanut butter
The main thing that stood out about Max Brenner was that the service was excruciatingly slow. Even though the restaurant was at half capacity, we waited very long for our drinks, our food, small add-ons like extra ketchup, the check, and the check again (since the server processed the charges incorrectly the first time). In fact, members of my party got up several times to see if they could expedite some of the process, such as by taking the check to the counter themselves (denied!) or waiting by the kitchen door to get some ketchup (that worked).. . My vegetarian "Guilt-Free" omelette tasted fine. The buttermilk biscuit and extremely soft butter won some bonus points for brunch. My Bloody Mary was a bit watery and could have used more of a kick.
Not as I expected. Found the desserts to be overpriced, too 'fun', and really...not that great. While the staff was actually some of the friendliest, and coolest, everything else was kind of blah. I was surprised that "Chocolate From The Bald Man" actually had mostly food, and less desserts than everyone was making it sound. They were actually 'out' of the ice cream pop stick that we were looking to try. At least the waiter suggested we sit at the bar for half off our desserts and coffee during happy hour. Kudos to that!
Came in for breakfast on a Friday. We had a great waitress...seemed a bit fanatical about Max...but otherwise really good service. The three stars is because the breakfast menu is so limited. I had the nutella strawberry crepes. They were good but way too rich. I plan on coming back for a tipsy ice cream sundae tonight. If it's as good as it sounds from the menu description I will revise my review to 4 stars. I definitely wouldn't come here for a"real" food again though.
Everyone seems to think they know it all when it comes to their favorite burger in town, myself included, and this problem doubles when that place also happens to be where they work. People have a certain pride in their workplace if they love it there, and will defend it to the death. I had a friend who worked at Max Brenner in the Forum Shops who always swore they had one of the best burgers she's ever eaten, which I would normally accept if this place wasn't known mostly for their chocolate. How can a dessert place actually have a decent enough burger for her to recommendto me?. . I've said it before and I'll say it again, I hate going to Caesar's. This becomes even worse when I'm risking a burger meal at a place I have no confidence in. Brenner is located deep in the mall across from the old FAO Schwartz location which is now a completely loud and obnoxious multi-story H&M store. I know this well because I chose to sit in their outdoor 'patio' directly across from this insanity to people watch and take in the scenery. What I didn't think about when I made this request was the ridiculous music coming out of H&M, and is definitely something to think about if you come dine here. Your other option is to sit inside their restaurant which is fairly small and nice, but has the amazing smell of chocolate. The menu is very heavy on the dessert-influenced dishes from shakes to sweet breakfasts, but also has a variety of regular items including pizza, pastas, salads and sandwiches. Quite extensive actually, and I really want to come back to try some of the dessert items as I didn't have any room after my burger.. . The Brenner Burger comes with Max's secret barbecue sauce, lettuce, tomato, cheddar and a Vidalia onion ring on top, with waffle fries dusted with chili and cocoa powder. It has a great buttery bun; a bit strong at first but quickly got lost in the flavors. The meat had good flavor, it was cooked almost too rare but was still good, although the overall temperature was very low. So low in fact, that my cheddar was barely melted. Isn't that one of the easier cheeses to melt? The onion rings were a bit undercooked as they were hard to bite through, and I ended up pulling them out of their fried ring sadly. I recently told someone that a perfectly cooked ring is easy to bite through leaving the rest intact; this wasn't the case. The barbecue sauce was sweet and good, but there was almost not enough of it as I felt myself longing for that bit of flavor occasionally. . . The waffle fries were good, but they only give you like five of them in a tiny glass. The cocoa and chili powder are a great concept as a seasoning, but they were hardly noticeable. The aioli on the side was good; it was very sweet and I found myself using it for my burger and fries. The two pickle wedges were ok, but I couldn't finish both after eating the large burger.. . Overall this could have been a really good burger, but the cold temperature really took away from it. The $14.25 price tag is a bit steep, but I guess I need to take into consideration where I was sitting. Once you do that, it's about on par with some of the other Forum locations I've been to, but possibly not as good. The service was spotty too; my waitress was extremely friendly, but bused a table behind me for 5 minutes after taking drink order and disappeared for at least another 5+ minutes after taking my plate before bringing my check. I will point out that they were pretty quiet too. My friend was right to recommend this burger to me; it's really quite good, but I think it has some competition within the building.
I've been to Max Brenner's in NY before...not to eat, but just to check out the gift shop and goodies. It is one cool place to visit that's for sure and the chocolate gift shop is pretty awesome...especially those chocolate syringes :P The vegas location isn't as big as the NY one, but still a pretty restaurant, which isn't surprising because it is in the Caesar forum shops. To be honest, I like chocolate, but an excessive amount of chocolate just seems a little to saccharine for me. And that's kind of what it feels like in Max Brenner's. Like you're Augustus Gloop drowning in Mr. Wonka's chocolate river.. . So we tried the famous "Chocolate pizza" that this place is known for. And it really wasn't anything too special. The crust was kinda...meh. Like the edges of a pop tart that no one really likes to eat because it's so bland. That's what I thought the crust tasted like. We got the works, which is every thing on top...so marshmallows, chocolate, peanut butter, drizzled caramel...basically ingredients of your favorite chocolate bars laid out on a pop tart crust for you to cavitate your teeth and be your dentist's dream come true. And it was just okay...I felt like I could have made that at home if I really wanted to. Key word = if. . . What was partially redeeming were the banana split waffles. This was actually pretty delicious and it even came with a cute little mini beaker/flask of chocolate syrup to drizzle to your delight over caramelized bananas atop vanilla ice cream and mini waffles. Plus a little bowl of those crunchy rice krispy-like chocolate balls. Mm...this was sweet but balanced well with the bananas and vanilla ice cream. . . One of my friends also got a burger which actually looked quite delicious. (He attests to this) we munch on some of his waffle fries which were also good...and hey, if you did want to grab a bite of real food and not diabetes, you could still try their menu for other food! The server was really nice and overall, it was still a fun experience. I probably would come back for the banana split waffles (to split with friends of course) but everything else on the menu seemed just a little too chocolate-y for me. But if you're a huge chocolate fanatic, by all means, this is probably the place for you!
The food was good, but nothing extraordinary. My husband loved the chocolate shake.  Service was good.
If you LOVE chocolate do it. . . The service at this place was great. I'd give the service a 4.5. Our server was patient and our glasses were always full. The food however was just a 3. Dessert a 4. So I'd give it a 3.5 if I could. (Silly yelp and your no half stars). . . My mom and I split a Prosuctto and apple waffle sandwich served in half for us which was a nice touch. But the taste of the food was just "eh." Obviously you come here for dessert. Left much to be desired on lunch. Also we ordered spinach dip. The presentation was nice and so was the dip but I didn't like the chips. . . I also HAD to get something chocolate so I ordered the Italian hot chocolate. It was super thick. Like drinking pudding before you cook it. I liked it. :)
This review is on the thick Italian sipping chocolate.  I have never eaten here however I have been here many times in the winter months for the sipping chocolate (please DO NOT mistake for hot chocolate) After my boyfriend being to Spain he told me about this kind of drink this is not quite the same but as close as he has found here in the US.  If you're wondering what it's like in Spain it is like a chocolate bar melted with a crispy sweet bread if you put it in it would stand on end.  This is ever so slightly more liquid but OMG good!  Pretty much a milk chocolate, if that is you choice bar melted down with milk added and put in a cup warm.. . You don't need much at all.  The way it used to work was they had a little kioskey thing out front to just order and go.  They must have wanted to up the value of the property so that is now gone for tables for dinner.  You now have to go into the bar and order, this wouldn't be a bad thing but the bartenders are truly unpleasant.  I mean if you hate your job that much and you pouring a cup of chocolate into a cup for me and getting a tip for your unpleasantries and inconvenience is such a problem then please find a new job!  I hate the new layout and consider not ever coming back but sadly I like chocolate and I like it a lot in small portions so I will come back.. . Again this review is not for food it is for sipping chocolate and sipping chocolate service.  If you do go in get the sipping chocolate not hot chocolate it is a thicker more amazing version if you get hot chocolate it is just that and at this place it is over priced and not that great!  If you go with my recommendation it is a pay per oz kinda thing.  You do NOT need a full 6oz cup please learn from my mistakes of the past 3oz is great sometimes 1oz is fine but just not quite enough.. . If it wasn't for the crapy, crabby service this would have been 5 stars for the chocolate  by the way this is not the first time to go into the bar and get crabby service, they really need to retrain and rehire the bar staff...
I was really not impressed with this place, despite the fact that I really wanted to be. It's a cute, quaint restaurant inside the Forum Shops at Caesar's Palace.  When I got to the door, there was a 10-15 minute wait, despite the fact that there were more than 15 open tables in the restaurant.  I asked if we could sit at the bar and dine and the hostess said yes.  . . The bar was a large size, but there was only one bartender.  (Also the acting service bartender.)  It was hectic and busy and we didn't get great service.  We stopped in about an hour before they closed just for hot chocolate and/or dessert.  . . I couldn't get milk chocolate hot chocolate because they were out.  (It was delicious and decadent anyway, but how does a chocolate restaurant run out of milk chocolate AN HOUR before they close for the night?)  And then I ordered the smores concoction which was OUT OF THIS WORLD decadent and overwhelming.  So delicious!  . . Beyond that, the bartender barely made any conversation and was so flustered with running around that we felt ignored.  It took 20-ish minutes for us to get our milkshake/hot chocolate and then another 10 for me to get my smores dessert.  . . I just wasn't impressed at all with this place, but I gave it three stars anyway because a chocolate restaurant in itself is a GREAT concept!  Just needs a little better execution!
My first experience here was for a friends Birthday dinner. She made a set menu so I  didn't really get to have what was on the real menu. I got a salad because I enjoy eating healthy, when really I should've gotten a burger, but hey! My friend ordered the burger...guess she wasn't too satisfied though because on the way home she stopped at McDonalds. Anyways, the dessert was poppin'! Smelled like chocolate as soon as I walked in and the fondue and crepes and every sweet was like I died and went to heaven. Seriando. Will I come here again? Only to have the private balcony room so I can get crunk off of pelligrino and yell at tourists walking through the forum.  I LOVE VEGAS!
I've had this place bookmarked for as long as I can remember.. . Let me just say that I LOVE LOVE LOVE chocolate, so Max Brenner was really a no brainer for me to try.. . Finally had the opportunity this past saturday with the lil bro. I was craving hot chocolate, frozen hot chocolate, something decadent and was deciding between this and Serendipity. We decided to go with this and was planning on getting dessert of some sort.. . Well, although we had the intention of ordering their chocolate drinks and desserts we ended up getting their Adult chocolate infused drinks instead. (lil bro wanted some alcohol). . Anyways.. so for drinks we got the following:. . -White Russian . This is their most popular drink. According to our waiter (who was super nice and very helpful) this is the most instagram worthy drink as well... so what the heck, I must get it right?. . Well the verdict is this... The flavors were bold, it tasted like a white russian infused with white chocolate. And to top it all off there were two marshmallows that came on a stirring stick. I must say that the concept was cute. The shot of white chocolate came in a miniature. z flask and was very dainty, but for the price of the drink...and the size, I would say the drink was just alright and nothing too spectacular. It was good, but definitely not mind blowing..and not THAT instagram worthy. I must say though, that it was strong and perhaps the strongest alcoholic drink they serve.. . -Tiramisu. This drink was yummy and had a very good presentation. It came in a dainty cup with a ladyfinger cookie on top. If you love coffee or tiramisu for that matter, this would be a great drink. Not too heavy, not too strong, taste like an espresso drink.. . So I really wanted to rate this place higher, but based on the drinks and the menu selection, I really wasn't impressed. Everything seemed overpriced (which should be expected since you're on the strip) but nothing seem to jump out of the page at me as something that i MUST try.. . The actual location is cute, good location, great atmosphere, but definitely not worth the price that you pay. I mean, i'm sure there are better selections elsewhere.. more worth the calories and more satisfying to both your palette and wallet.
Initially I wanted to come here because their chocolate pizza was featured on a Food Network show, and after seeing it, I had to try it. . . My friend ordered the chocolatrouge wine which the waitress described as 50% rich merlot, 50% chocolate and ohmigosh. That's just what it was. Now normally, I don't go for wine at all, but this one was pretty alright. I could definitely taste the chocolate in it. My friend didn't really like it but hey, he's a guy. . . I ordered the baja style fish tacos, that were served with red beans and steamed rice. But I had them put the fish on the side cause I'm a crazy vegetarian. But my friend ate it for me & was like OMG! This is freaking amazing! He said that it was very chili-lime flavored. So I'm assuming that it was pretty good. Just the coleslaw in the tacos was good to me. Although I would have liked Mexican rice instead of white. . . My friend ordered the southwest Caesar salad. It was your basic Caesar salad, served with homemade croutons, grape tomatoes, avocado and a cheese crisp wafer thing. It was alright as far as Caesar salads go.  . . For dessert We ordered "the works" chocolate chunks pizza. It was a pastry dough covered in double chocolate melting chunks and topped with crunchy hazelnut bits, bananas, peanut butter and roasted marshmallows. And I must say, I wasn't extremely impressed like I thought I would be and it looked a lot better on T.V.
Really good food, great flavors. Prices reflect the quality of food not quality of service. The staff was noticeably clique-y, they were more interested in gossiping than service, but really the brunchwe had was amazing, omelettes and hashbrowns rocked!
Stopped in while window shopping in The Forum.  Grabbed a Mexican Hot Chocolate and a few pieces of chocolate.  Everything was good but I felt a little out of it when I was waiting to order my hot chocolate.  I didn't see a clear place that was for ordering to go drinks so I stood around at the bar until someone came over and asked if I wanted to order a drink.   I still don't know if I was in the right place or if I just got lucky.
The good:. 1.) Our waiter was very nice and patient. I started off with only a soda because I found another place that I wanted to try. He made sure that my glass was always filled even though it wasn't going to generate a large tip for himself.. . The bad:. 2.) I decided to order the equivalent of a lava fudge dessert because it was supposed to be a staple of the place. Epic disaster. I took the brownie up to my hotel room and when i cut into it, there was no fudge in the middle :(. A $15 dessert for down the drain.
This is for the brunch review-. . 3.5 stars.. Max Brenner obviously stars its dessert category, but, I was so hungry for a good, savory brunch nearby! And this so happened to catch my eye. . . I was more in a savory mood, so I got the egg omelette combo. Not bad. Portion sizes were a tad bit smaller than other usual breakfast places, but that was expected. It also came with a nice fluffy biscuit to dip in chocolate. The chocolate pancakes seemed awesome, but I just couldn't get myself to eat something sweet that morning, such a shame!. . I did, however, get the milk hot chocolate as my dessert, at the end of my meal. I'm glad I got this one instead of the dark hot chocolate because it would have been way too intense and rich for me. It comes with a right amount of hot chocolate... Mm, I wish I could be sipping on one right now!. . Overall, good place to eat, especially for the chocolate-y things. Great service, too! Our server was kind and patient... I asked tons of questions and he answered them honestly and gave great recommendations! Also a great, fun environment. Very cute decorations. This would be a fun place to take a girl on a date ;) Can't go wrong with chocolate!
this is a cool place which uses cocoa and chocolate in many of its dishes. the seasoned fries are pretty cool and they come dusted with cocoa powder. . the pizza was ok. nothing too special. i didn't like the crust too much. . the crepe was pretty good as well
To me, Max Brenner is a classic American restaurant with chocolate as the main theme throughout their menu. Upon arriving at the restaurant which is located inside Ceasars Palace, I noticed a bold decoration on the interior and a nice setup outfront in which they called the patio. While the menu is extensive, it has a fairly confusing layout. After browsing, I ordered the individual portion of the Molly's white corn croquette. It came in six pieces - a perfect size for lil ol' me. This isn't exactly a healthy item nor overwhelmingly delicious but I enjoyed them just fine. . . I also asked for the Mocha madness and the Surprise Tiramisu. Both of these items came in little glass cups with tiny flasks filled with chocolatey liquid. The tiny flasks reminded me of the flasks I used to use for chemicals while working in a radiochemistry lab and that brought back unpleasant memory. Despite that fact, I bet some people find these items cute or whimsical. I thought that the Mocha Madness had the perfect amount of kahlua and sweetness, especially if you're an Asian who can't hold an ounce of alcohol to save her life. As for the Tiramisu, the white cream sauce was outrageously sweet I couldn't eat more than half a teaspoon and just gave up on it. Instead, I poured the chocolate flask onto the strawberry cup and really enjoyed the chocolatey fruit. I wouldn't recommend this Tiramisu item if you don't like overly sweet desserts.. . Overall, I was a little bit disappointed at the chocolate items at Max Brenner. Chocolate desserts don't have to be overly sweet to be good. A good dessert must have a balance of everything and not be overpowered by a single component,which in this case is sugar.
Max Brenners is located in the Forum Shops at Caesars Palace and we visited it on the first night of our annual Vegas vacation. We had 6pm reservations and even though we were almost a half hour early the hostess was happy to seat us.  The first thing you notice here is the smell of melting chocolate throughout the dining room.  There is nothing wrong at all with that. Most of the drinks and at least half of the food at Max's has a chocolate component to it. With that in mind Simone and I started the meal with two of the most amazing Drinks I may have ever had. My drink was the Berry Nutty Professor, a quirky drink take on the Classic PBJ sandwich, consisting of Peanut Liquor, Frangelico, Chombroid and Milk Chocolate. It was smooth, sweet and creamy and unbelievably good. Not to be outdone by my drink, Simone ordered a Satisfaction Guaranteed and it was completely satisfying. Peanut Liquor, Caramel Liquor and Milk Chocolate, served in a glass on a bed of crushed Ice with a flask refill on the side. Even though my drink was amazing, I still couldn't help but steal some sips of hers. For our food we started with White Corn Croquettes. Spicy seasoned sweet white corn kernel's are mixed with creamy Manchego cheese and coated with Panko Breadcrumbs then lightly fried to a perfect crispiness. They did not come with a dipping sauce and they did not need it as they were great all by themselves. Next we split in order of Mac and Cheese and at the suggestion of our waiter we added grilled chicken to it. Although not my favorite of all time ( that honor belongs to Yardhouse) it was definitely one of the better ones I have had. Tomato Bruschetta and Bacon is combined with a 5 cheese blend and grilled chicken then baked with a light bread topping. This was smoky flavored with a bit of sweetness due to the tomato. It was not as creamy and rich as expected with five cheeses but it was still overall very flavorful and delish. It came with a side of marinara that I thought was a bit pointless but I gave it a try on top of the Mac and Cheese and it wasn't to bad but also didn't really add anything to the dish. Last up was dessert and of course we had to have something with chocolate. We choose what sounded like the most satisfyingly decadent choice on the menu. A Chocolate Chunk dessert Pizza with the works ( marshmallows, peanut butter, chocolate, banana's, and hazelnut nibs). Unfortunately it was not as yummy as I dreamed it might be. The dough was not a crispy pizza dough but some strange spongy pita bread wannabe. The chocolate itself was lost in the dish with all the other toppings. This was actually a surprising disappointment to end our meal. For a place known for chocolate I was expecting so much more.  Overall the meal was very good and the drinks exceptional but the dessert disappointed me leaving me no choice but to give three stars to Max Brenners.
I can't give them quite 4 stars. I would have if the server came back to take our dessert order that we told her we were interested in doing as we were finishing our meal, but she 'desserted' us by somehow becoming either overwhelmed or distracted.  By the time she returned to our table, it was getting late and with two younger kids, they were getting a bit restless.  The food was good (as a local I don't typically like to pay the Strip prices, but since were down there, decided to try something new), but I left slightly disappointed. . . I will definitely come back and maybe then I can bump this up to a 4 because everyone has off days, but I didn't have the amazing experience others have said they had.  Maybe I'm too harsh on restaurants, but as a family who doesn't go out a whole lot, going to a restaurant is more of a luxury than a necessity, so I set my standards higher, and I don't care if I don't give them a higher star rating.  I'm not going to give them a 4 or 5 just because most others do.
I remember when we went here for the first time. Saying "This is it! I'm gonna eat some chocolate so prime!". This place is in the left wing of Caesar's Forum Shops. On our four-day trip this was one of our scheduled stops. Greeted on a semi-crowded Tuesday night, nicely. Seated to the souvenir shop's left and kitchen's right, precisely. We looked at the menu and were astounded by the selection. We needed someone to point us in the right direction. . And ooooooooooh...I didn't listen to the waitress' recommendation (about maybe not getting the sampler). And ooooooooooh...I better listen next time, I'm telling you. If we ever ever ever go back to Vegas we should remember. That we will get together together together with Max Brenner. We'll order the O.M.G. cookie. Order the milkshakes. Order food savory. So we may get together together together again with Max Brenner. . "But shouldn't every chocolate dessert be 5-star here?", I think. And shouldn't all the flavors in their sampler be clear, and in sync. And while the milk and white chocolate bark "branches" were exciting. And the chocolate sauce and chocolate wafer balls made the ice cream inviting. The banana tempura had a strange batter and aftertaste. And the chocolate sponge cake had no chocolate flavor, what a waste. And while the waffle with fruit made me somewhat happy. The next morning I had a much better waffle with fruit at Mon Ami Gabi. . And while the fondue was nice, it didn't fill my chocolate wish. They had to start the marshmallow grill flame twice because once it did extinguish. But however ever ever disappointed I was by this endeavor. I don't know if we'll sever sever sever our ties to Max Brenner. While we liked the bark branch. Liked the fondue. Liked the ice cream. We may never ever ever go back to Max Brenner . . And while the waitress was bubbly and endearing and sweet. The management had her working too many tables; she looked flustered and beat. . While the concept is a clever clever clever cocoa endeavor. Should we ever ever ever go back to Max Brenner?. (Yelpers, please let me know if I should ever ever ever go back to Max Brenner!)
I had lunch here with a group of friends.  The service was really good, it took them awhile to get our food delivered (but we did have a party of 10). . . The food is okay, it's your typical sandwich/salad lunch. I had the oven roasted turkey waffle sandwich.  It was good, but nothing spectacular. The waffle was softer than I'd liked.. . I was really impressed with the shakes (frappes) the hazelnut cream chocolate frappe was really good. The down side was that it was almost $8 for a shake, but it was yummy!. . If you're craving a really good chocolate shake, swing by!
Meet Max Brenner, his wife Liron. He created this place for bona fide chocolaholics, and it's hard not to get addicted to something. You order a chocolate crepe or something, and end up with a chocolate shake, too. Today, we splurged on chocolate fondue. Do me, I said to it.. . His chocolate cafes are popping up all over the world. With all truthfulness, this Vegas location isn't as cool as Brisbane, Australia. While it's the same menu, there's something about the Vegas claustrophobia, the dim lights, the dark furniture, the people frenzy -- that make it a lot less hip and casual than how Aussies do a chocolate gorging party. Still, if you've got cravings than this is the place to Max out. #gluttony
As soon as I saw the pictures of the OMG chocolate chunk cookie I knew I had to try this place! Luckily we stumbled upon their happy hour (9-close everyday) with $6 items. We ordered. . 1) INTOXICAKE DRINK (5 stars)- chocolate flavored vodka with marshmallow. I LOVED THIS DRINK. Chocolate + Vodka?? Absolutely worth the $6. This I can have over and over and over. Did I mention it was chocolate vodka? Enough said!!. . 2) WAFFLE FRIES dusted with cocoa and chili powder and chili mayo for dipping (4stars) - this was delicious, but absolutely not worth $6 b/c the amount was ridic. You get like 10 waffle fries. I suppose it's worth trying once, but I wouldn't get it again.. . 3) OMGCHOCOLATE CHUNK COOKIE ($5)  with the option of dark chocolate or milk chocolate with walnuts - (NO stars). Also, if you want it on the plate with fancy side garnishes it will cost $12, but if you just want the cookie it's $5. I chose the milk chocolate option and was disappointed that the cookie was pretty tasteless and not to mention BURNT all around the edges. I literally took one bite and left the rest alone b/c it wasn't worth the calories. . . 4) ONION RINGS (2 stars) - 6 or 7 onion rings for $6. No - not only were these not great, they were pricey. . . Overall I give this place 3 stars b/c their prices were steep and tiny portions. I would however return for the intoxicake drink. That drink alone is 5 stars.
Boyfriend & I went for a late-night anniversary dinner. Started it off with their famous Chocolate 'Tini. Wasnt a huge fan of it, it was way too strong for my liking. I liked the strawberry that came with it though! . . Ordered their Brenner Burger, just your average, normal burger. It came with all your usual fixin's & waffle fries. The sauce was to-die for! My boyfriend had their Steak Panini & he loved it.. . Overall, it was a good food experience. Just wasn't a fan for their Chocolate 'Tini and ambiance. Hostess and server weren't attentive. We were in the very front of the line but the hostess decided to seat the larger party behind us because she knew them. I was in a nice mood so I didn't go off on her. The server seemed a little rude too, as if he didn't want to serve us. . . It's okay though, I guess as long as you have good company, you'll enjoy it here.
I ate there twice, the place was clean, the food was good. . But, prices are high and service was very slow.  . I hope they will get better because it's to bad that in such a fancy place you have to wait for so long for assistance.
My husband and I shared a burger and dessert. The burger was pretty tasty though small and I enjoyed the waffle cut fries that came with it. For dessert we got a waffle that had chocolate sauce, rice krispies, bananas, and ice cream. It was pretty delicious but again a little on the small side considering the prices at this place. We were in a group of 6 and the service was a tad on the slow side too. All in all an okay place to go and if you're in a group they take reservations which is convenient. Coffee is decent and there is a bar and chocolate shop inside. Next time I think I'd stick to just fun drinks and dessert there rather than a meal.
I think it's prob a 2.5 overall in my mind but I round it up for the nice waitress. . . *This is strictly based on the dessert*. . I had my first chocolate cocktail. I believe it was called the mocha madness. As good as the cocktail was, paying around $14-15 is way overpriced for a small drink. Yes, it does taste pretty good and it is really unique and I love the plating but as good as it was, I think I rather spend my money somewhere else. (No offense) . . My friend got the ice cream bar thing. It was around $8 for something that's prob not really homemade ice cream that comes with 3 toppings: nuts, chocolate sauce, and chocolate pebbles. As I said, I really love the plating but the ice cream was eh. The weird part was seeing my friend not even using half the toppings for each item...so to me I just find this place to be overprice.. . Can come and try the mocha madness(which was pretty good) but I'm just saying it's not really worth the price. So maybe come and try it out and see for yourself?
Perfect place to come for after meal dessert! But don't get me wrong they have pretty good food too!! They used to have a walk up counter outside where you could order a la cart chocolate pizza or the most AMAZING chocolate granitas but they no longer have it. :( that was always a must stop every time I went to forum shops. Only reason I gave it 3 stars is because most of the time the waiter barley comes to the table and service seems to be a little sucky... My experience for all 4 times I've actually gone to sit and eat. But at the end of the day the food is so good that the service becomes 2nd.
As a chocoholic, I was looking forward to try this place. But out of four lunch and dinner dishes and three desserts I tried so far, nothing seemed worth raving about. Perhaps brunch is better? Guess I'll have to give them another chance...
I went for dessert, because lets be honest...chocolate is already good, but chocolate in Vegas sounds even sweeter. I got their chocolate truffle heart cake & I wasn't as impressed as I thought I would be. Don't get me wrong it was good, but slightly more on the mediocre side. & you could hardly taste the truffle. There not overpriced so that's always good since everything else in Vegas is. Oh! & their tea pots they have are so awesome!
Wings arent good, turkey club is turkeyless. Spinanch dip is great!  This is a another burger joint that specializes in chocolate pleasures & desserts. Cool atmosphere but food is suspect! Give it a try!
Came here at 7pm on a Tuesday. Barely anyone there which I liked since we brought our 5 month old infant. . . Spinach dip tasty but chips kind of tasted stale. Steak panini good but not great. Kobe burger very tasty but not worth coming back for. Hazelnut shake, good but not the best. . Overall the food is good. I'm glad we tried it, the service was great and fast since no one was there.
Interesting food place. I woke up in Vegas craving chocolate pancakes. I yelped "chocolate pancakes" and this place came up. Honestly, I liked the concept of a chocolate restaurant. The chocolate was great. The pancakes, not so much. They tasted rubbery. I liked the side of eggs I ordered better than the pancakes. Ihop has better chocolate pancakes than this place. I will give this place another chance as they had several other chocolate dishes that looked yummy. But the pancakes are fail. Brenda was an awesome waitress!
Mixed feelings about this place!! I have now come here at least 4 times.. I've ordered anything from omelettes to sandwiches to desserts. I really like their milkshakes and hot chocolate. Especially these little chocolate crackly cookies that remind me of a crunch bar.. . Skip the waffles -- they are really hard and taste  stale -- the waiter proudly informed us that they were imported from Belgium, which didn't really impress us because that means it's probably preserved!!. . I had real waffles from Belgium and they taste nothing like this. They should really make fresh ones!
Ate here with with some business partners tonight. The service was mediocre although it was a pretty slow night it seemed. Had the pizza, which was nothing to rave about. The chocolate deserts were very delicious though.
The Mac and cheese was pretty awesome, you should definitely ask for chopped grilled chicken to be mixed in for an extra four bucks! It was suggested to us by our waiter and it was an awesomeaddition to make the dish out favorite of the night! . . The steak panini wasn't as good as we had expected it to be according to the other reviews.., it deserves three stars out of five. . . The elevator smells ridiculously funky... Do not use it to get to the upstairs bathroom. The bathrooms were so gross.... There was only toilet paper in one of the stalls and that stall had various toilet papers and other paper trashes strewn on the floor.. The towel dispenser was broken as well so I had to air dry. . . I got the omg cookie for dessert, the cookie was a brittle/ crunchy cookie, instead of the soft cookie I had expected, but it softened up after I drizzled the chocolate sauce on the cookie. Overall, it deserves something like a three stars. . . My bf got the s'mores concoction on the sweet icons page of the dessert menu and   Seemed to really like his dessert. . . Both were really sweet though. . . Three stars because it was only the Mac and cheese that impressed us that night, and because we were seated in an obscure corner of the restaurant even though there were plenty of better tables free as well. . . I liked the new York max brenner restaurant I had visited much much more than this one and will go there instead of here if I ever feel the urge to forge on chocolate again!!
Dined here twice during our stay in LV.. . The first time was for dinner with reservations made on Yelp through the app. Hubs and I showed up promptly on Tuesday night. The restaurant wasn't busy and we were seated immediately. . . Our waiter greeted us and have us the 411 on Max Brenner. I ordered the steak panini ($16.50) and Hubs ordered the cheese steak waffle sandwich ($14.95). The food took about 20 minutes. The steak panini was delicious and a little messy since the ingredients were chopped so it kept falling out. Hubs sandwich was a disaster. The taste was good but the waffle was thin and got soggy. He gave up on using his hands and went with flat ware. The waffle fries are to die for crispy and seasoned perfectly. For dessert we shared "The works" half portion pizza ($9.95) OMG, talk about a sugar high. It was all of my favs in one, carbs, banana, peanuts, chocolate and marshmallows. A small slice is all I needed since it was so rich. . . Our second visit was for brunch the next day. I made reservations the night before but it wasn't needed. When we showed up it was pretty dead. I ordered the "Max-ican" omelette (with egg whites $14.95) and Hubs ordered the tomato, bacon and cream cheese bagel ($6.95) and a pumpkin pie hot chocolate ($5.95) Brunch was delivered quickly. The omelette and potatoes were okay. The omelette didn't have much flavor and the potatoes were hard, cold and over fried. The biscuit was sweet, soft and warm so good with or without the chocolate dipping sauce.. . Service was great during both visits by the waiters, Beau and Ruy. I over heard the staff talking about how they were all sick during our brunch visit and saw one of them blowing and wiping their nose behind the bar area where the crepes area made. That was pretty disgusting and unprofessional. If that happened during our first visit we wouldn't have returned. . . Prices for the food quality and portions are average. It is a cool place and has good menu options. I'm turned off by some of the staff's actions, the complaining about being sick and the hostess not knowing how to take/make reservations (long story short it took 10 minutes to get it done) . . Overall the dinner experience was 4 stars and brunch was 2 stars.
After reading the reviews and being the dessert lover that I am, I decided to give Max Brenner a try. I read great reviews of the O.M.G. chocolate cookie, so I decided I had to try it. . . The chocolate cookie has nuts ,and is served with hot syrup, whip cream, and berries. O.M.G. it wasn't worth the $9.95! I thought if a chocolate chip cookie was going to cost ten bucks, it would taste similar to gold -- I was wrong. With tax and tip, I ended up paying $12 for an average tasting and size chocolate chip cookie -- wtf.
Wow the place I think I have dreamt about since watching Charlie and the chocolate factory. . . This place is not for you if you are on a diet,  if you watch your carbs or have dairy,  nut or wheat allergies.  That is because everything is either ice cream,  chocolate,  waffles, crepes and more.  . . As a vegetarian is was a difficult menu for me but there new menu had a pumpkin salad which was Delish but it had paramsan cheese on it which was not stated on the menu,  the waffle it was placed on was a take or leave it kinda addition. But I would for sure order this salad with no cheese again. . . We also each had a hot chocolate which was like drinking a liquid candy bar and was heaven.  . . My husband had the crape pasta with raspberry and chocolate gonash and ice cream which was a cute play on spaghetti and meat balls.  The presentation was awesome and he loved this dish.  . . All in all my diet restrictions made it hard to find a healthy option but my sweet tooth made me wander.  If you are a chocolate lover this place is a must.  They even let you choose milk,  dark or white chocolate for most of the meals. . . We never had desert but the Sundaes looked epic. . . Service was great,  and price was very good for ceasars.  . . Go here hungry and save room for desert.
I came here for brunch with some friends before our trip back to california. Our server was quite friendly and funny as well. I ordered a white spicy mexican hot chocolate along with my "well-mannered" omelette. I substituted my homefries/potatoes for their famous waffles fries. It was a decent meal but there was nothing special to it. They said that their waffle fries are seasoned with spices and chocolate but you could have fooled me if you swapped it with Carl's junior crisscut fries (they tasted the same). The omelette was good, lots of goat cheese and spinach, but again nothing special to it. I must say that my favorite thing about my plate was the biscuit! They give you a side of butter and chocolate for spread and it was delicious! As for my hot chocolate, it was very creamy and just had the right spice to it for a mexican hot chocolate, you can taste spice from the nutmeg mixed with cinnamon. It came in a cute little "hug" mug but for $6 do I think it's worth NO, I would have preferred for it to come in a regular cup and paid less. My whole meal cost $25, I could have spent a few extra bucks and have gone to a buffet! I'm not saying don't go here because my experience here was actually quite pleasant. In fact, the server was so nice she didn't charge the automatic gratuity for our large group but of course we tipped her well! Just know that you're not paying for quality food, you're paying for the name "Max Brenner"!
I'm not entirely sure why this place is as good as people say it is. My dark chocolate mocha in my hug cup was good, but a bit too sweet for me.. . They were able to accommodate a group of 8 easily for Sunday brunch, and the food was standard. I got the "Cande's Killer Breakfast Skillet", which was good. Again, nothing special, just standard.. . I think it was too early for us to indulge in the sweets menu, so I can't comment on that. I'd probably stop by if a friend of mine wanted to try, but other than that, it won't be a must-stop-place for me.
