Sightseeing location #4: Treasure Island Show (every 2 hours or so). . +: live music/actors/fireworks/extravaganza . -: umm...what's the story? . . I won't spoil the story for you...but it is a worthwhile show to watch outside especially with the two ships and all the commotion. The only reason I gave it three stars is because I didn't really enjoy the skimpy outfits and felt like there was some type of sexism going on. You'll only get my meaning if you see it - so please do if you can catch it!
2.5 Stars.. . Stayed here on my first Vegas trip - clean and fairly large rooms, free & semi-entertaining show out front, and great location, VERY convenient if you're going clubbing at Tao, Lavo, or XS - they're all within walking distance, as are a lot of other things - Walgreens is also right across the street which I found super convenient! . . BUT, I booked through priceline.com which said the resort fee was to be included. However, as I went to check out, I found this was not the case. TI doesn't include the resort fee at all if you book through a third-party website (Priceline apologized to me for this, but said it was out of their control, the resort fee was supposed to be included) I ended up being charged an additional $88 for my 3 night stay. Ridiculous. The resort fee doesn't even really cover anything useful, unless you want to use the wireless internet or fitness center. I wouldn't have been so annoyed if maybe it had included a discount to their Cirque show, but it doesn't.. . I probably would not stay here again, because it was just so ridiculous to deal with them. But, the location is very convenient if you don't want to pay for cabs - this & the cleanliness earn TI 2.5 stars.
Stayed here for three days 01/01 to 01/04 with taxes and fees I paid $260. The last couple of times in Vegas stayed on the south end of the strip, figured it was about time to try out the north end of the strip. .. . Check in was a pain. Tried checking in at 2, the line was ridiculous. Played in the casino a little and tried again at 3. The line was not as ridiculous, but I still probably waited at least 30 minutes. The room I requested was available.. . The rooms are decent size. They have definetely seen some better days. Some stains on the bathroom counter,bathroom floor and rug. The bed was really comfortable or was it because I was really tired. There was a nice flat screen t.v. in the room. Not sure why none of the Vegas bathrooms that I've been in don't have exhaust fans.. . About 7 p.m., I went back to the room to drop some stuff off. There was a bag of garbage, dirty dishes from room service and a comforter in the hallway. Not the sort of thing I expect to see from a four star hotel, especially at 7 p.m.. . I hate the resort fee. I thought it was supposed to include 2 for 1 buffet, it did not. I don't know if thats new or they stopped including that in the resort fee.. . Not a four star property. Maybe 3-3.5 star.. . Not my first choice but if I got a good rate I would stay here again. The location is good and the rooms aren't bad.
I seriously think those auto card shufflers are rigged. Anyway, I love the bikini clad card dealers in there. My group and I stood there and stared a bit. Kinda awkward playing in front of a boobies not knowing if staring is okay. That's all I remember about this place.
TI was always our go to place on the strip.  Fast forward 5 years later, and TI is still a good choice, but I will definitely be spending the extra 50 bucks a night to stay at one of the newer hotels.   And, pick a place with a club that you want to go to - you get priority access.  I'll be staying at the Cosmopolitan next time time.. . The beds are super comfortable!!  And, I love the masa cakes at Isla.  That, with the really cheap room rates, makes it is still a contender.
This was one of the more family friendly places I went to on the strip.  They have great customer service and you'll feel very safe here, you are not accosted by people trying to sell you stuff on the casino floor either, like at other casinos on the strip.  I ended up losing money here at the slots, but the decor and friendly atmosphere is nice.  It really felt like a lot of Mom's & Dad's were here, felt very comfortable and relaxing and a good mid range place for those looking to just have a good time.
Stayed at TI for the first time last week and had very low expectations considering the age.  I was somewhat pleasantly surprised and the rooms were pretty nice and appeared to have been recently renovated. . PROS-. -quick elevators. -very comfortable bed. -close to Venetian/Palazzo, Mirage and Wynn. -great price. . CONS-. - there was no trashcan in the main part of the room only in the bathroom. Maybe it doesnt seem like that big of a deal just annoying not having it there and having filling up the bathroom one with beer bottles etc. - slow  or non-existent cocktail service in casino. I ordered an drink waited for 20 minutes and it still never arrived. Ended up switching machines a  few different times as I proceeded to play $200 in penny slots and still was never served a drink the whole time!. - not a great selection of restaurants. We did eat at Kahunaville for breakfast great price and very filling.. -super slow check in. Checking in at 2pm on a Saturday and there was a line of maybe 40 people waiting to get checked in and 3 agents working. . . In regards to the resort fee,I guess we lucked out because even though when we checked it she said it would be $22/day  when we checked out we were never charged for it! I had however took advantage of the internet thinking " hey if I'm paying for it why not use it?" So we were charged $15/day for that.. . Overall stay was good and would consider staying there again.
Yikes!!!  This place has gone downhill since it was sold off by the MGM Mirage Group.  It looked like a Laughlin hotel filled with old people.  The whole casino had a stale smell of cigarette smoke and it was mostly a ghost town.  I used to stay here a lot a few years ago but I will be passing on this place for a long time to come!
I am giving this place a 3 star rating because this is based on a combination of hotel, casino, and food. . I found the food at the pho restaurant to be about a 4 which was the first stop I made. It was a little busy and the other customers there were quite drunk and hilarious. The atmosphere definitely kicked off a great vacation. The servings were large and very tasty.. The hotel portion of the casino would probably receive about 3.5 stars. I was reasonably satisfied with the quality of the room. There were small problems with the bathroom not exactly functioning properly but it wasn't bad. I found the bed comfortable and our view was excellent. I got a room with a corner view with floor to ceiling widows that looked out over the strip. It was a little bit noisy but that's to be expected in Vegas and it didn't bother me one bit since by the time I got back to my room each night, I was pretty much knocked out. There aren't a whole lot of extras that come with this hotel. I did visit the pool which was fun. They had some pool side games including a hoolahoop competition that I partook in. There's a small bar to one side and rows and rows of pool lounge chairs. It doesn't leave a lot of room for you to really enjoy lying down since it's so cramped, but I suppose it's better than having to fight for a seat.. The casino was below my expectations, about a 2 or 3. They have all your standard games- craps, roulette, poker, etc. I didn't play poker here but the poker room is off on it's own part of the building and is sectioned off with a railing. The main casino games were alright, but they just lacked the atmosphere that other places have going for them. Casinos are supposed to be fun and exciting places and this just wasn't the case, at least when I was there. I found that most people went elsewhere for gaming as well. They could also bear to lower their stakes a tad in some of their games.. The highlight of this place is their pirate show. That is what Treasure Island is known for. It is fun for all ages. I was able to get into the VIP section with my stay at the hotel. It's nice to be able to get up close, but you will get splashed so be careful if you're dressed up!. Overall I enjoyed my stay in Vegas and I found that Treasure Island's price and location was just what I needed. It wasn't anything spectacular like some of the high end casino/hotels, but it was fun and reasonably priced as a hotel on the strip with modern amenities.
* Home of the Cirque Du Soleil - Mystere which is an awesome spectacular show.. . * Nice and easy to navigate general areas.. . * Sirens of TI show is kinda lame. The only part that I like is the fire. Besides that, is a cheesy show. I think they are trying to be like Pussycat Dolls, but the pirate version of it and in my book..they failed badly.
How the mighty have fallen. This used to be my favorite hotel when I was growing up. Used to be is the key word in this review. Back in the day, it felt like a Treasure Island. There were pirate themed costumes for the employees to wear and there were wrecked ship parts and all that fun stuff. It was enough to make you cover one eye and scream "YARRRGH!". . Sadly though, it's prime has come and gone. Now, all I wanted to say was "ARGH!" We just got home from a four night stay at this hotel in Vegas. I won't lie, the hotel did it's job, but it should have done better. It should have been like how I remembered it. Oh well.. . What I liked about the hotel: the price. It was more than reasonable for the strip. It's location. It's right next to the Fashion Show Mall and across the street from the Palazzo and the Wynn. This hotel is the home base for Mystere, one of the best shows in Vegas. The rooms here are pretty nice. The standard rooms are a little on the small side but they have a nice flatscreen tv and a radio with a dock for your ipod. That was a nice touch.. . What I didn't like: the service. Aside from the guy who dropped off our bags in the room, it seemed like everyone had a damn chip on their shoulder. The people at the front desk were very rude when we were checking in. I mean these are the first people we see and the first impression means everything. We lost money here. I know, I'm sure everyone does but it's upsetting. Also, there aren't any good restaurants here except for the delicatessen. . . Maybe TI is due for an overhaul soon. Maybe they aren't. They sure could use it as this is no longer my favorite hotel on the strip.
3.5 stars. . . Location and a pirate ship. That's what T.I. really has going for it. We showed up to check in and were greeted by Ana at the front desk who was easily, far and away, the very best customer service rep we saw in Vegas all week. Ana offered to upgrade our room for a small fee and we ended up in gigantic Tower Suite AND a comp. bottle of champagne. . . The room was very nice with 2 bathrooms and a strip view,  but there was a shitty shower head and spotty internet service (which is '"free" by paying their $22/nt. hotel fee...). . . My biggest problem was the rest of the hotel. The gaming here sucks. Just a terrible vibe and the Gilley's dealers couldnt care any less about their jobs...it was plainly obvious. Very few multi-deck, shoed blackjack tables. Boring, plain slots as well. . . Restaurant selection kind of sucks and is WAY overpriced. We'll be staying elsewhere next time.
I went to Vegas over the Lunar New Year weekend (which also happened to be Super Bowl Weekend.. and the weekend of the fight @ mandalay).. I don't come to Vegas often. The last time I came to Vegas, I stayed in the Palazzo. Needless to say, I was a little skeptical about staying here, but the price was the best on Priceline.. and I thought the hotel was the best location, since I didn't want to stay on the other side of the strip. . . The lobby of the hotel was nothing amazing. It was actually a lot smaller than I thought it would be. The staff was nice, but the guy who checked us in seemed a little awkward. Maybe he was aiming to appear more "proper", but... it didn't really work out that way.. . I have no big complaints about our room. The AC/heater was a little outdated though. The temperature was never right - it was either too hot or too cold. The TV was also surprisingly small. However, the beds were big and comfortable and no complaints about the restroom. . . Overall, this hotel isn't bad. It's not amazing either. I'd definitely stay here again, but I'd much prefer to stay at the Palazzo (obviously).. . Oh! and the $22 resort fee per night was a rip off. The end.
Das Hotel ist gerade in der Umbruch-Phase und verliert den Muff der 80er. Die renovierten Zimmer sind schon, allerdings wirkt das Casino noch sehr altbacken.. Auch die Mitarbeiter sind unfreundlich... Wartezeiten von bis zu 6 Stunden auf ein freies Nichtraucher-Zimmer (obwohl das Hotel nicht ausgebucht war!) scheinen normal zu seinen, so dass wir erst um 23 Uhr in unser Zimmer durften.. Auch nachtragliche Beschwerde gab es keine Reaktion.. Room Service sehr teuer.. Schone Piraten-Show am Abend, die Hotelgaste kostenlos aus der ersten Reihe miterleben durfen.
This is the review for the free pirate show outside of treasure island that takes place on the 2 ships.  I  haven't seen this since I was a kid.  Man have this show changed from family friendly to an adult choreographed dance show with hot ass female pirates taking one male pirate as a hostage.  I couldn't even pay attention anymore becauseI was too busy checking the female pirates in sexy ass costumes.  And ladies, there are male pirates for you to look at as well.  It's basically just a dance show now with some stunts involved.. . Outside of this place get really packed and be ready to stand up for awhile.  I'm a bit paranoid being in overly crowded places and was being extra cautious of pick pocketers.  It's really hard to see the action from both sides so I suggest to those who want to see the female pirates to be on the left side and the male pirates will be on the right.  It's an ok show, nothing really special, but hey it's free so I give it 3 stars for a free show.. . I hope I dream of being kidnapped by pirates tonight.
Petite Suite Review.. . TI is a bit older hotel, but still a good bang for the buck.  It is decently located on a bit of the mid to north end of the strip, but still access to a lot of other big names that surround it, including Caesars, The Venetian and Fashion Show Mall.  (Really centrally located if you plan to do a bit of shopping in Vegas).  Not the biggest hotel, not the best restaurants, not the best shows or the best of anything at all, but not too bad either.. . We stayed in a Petite Suite, which isn't really a suite, except for having two bathrooms and room for a pull-out couch.  They are going for a his and her's bathroom I guess.  It is a good room for a couple.  I haven't stayed in anything smaller there, and not sure if I would want too.. . The one bathroom has the standard stall shower with maybe the worst shower head ever.  Not adjustable at all, and this one was a bit limey so the water wasn't the smoothest flow.  The other bathroom has a giant two person hottub, which is very nice and fun.  There is also a mini fridge in there, but no actual minibar.. . The bed was really comfortable, one of the better hotel beds I have slept in (assuming you like the soft pillow-top type mattresses, not the best if you like them firm *giggle*).  The couch was pretty decent, though nobody pulled it out to sleep on it.  T^he desk and little bar like table (with bar-like stools) in the corner seemed like they may have come from Ikea.. . . As for the rest of the hotel, we didn't spend too much time there, so the review is going to be mostly limited to the room.  Additional, the :20 dollar trick" was successful in getting us upgraded to a high floor with a strip view, and a comped bottle of champagne. (And if you have no idea what the last sentence means, Google it.  It is the safest gamble in Vegas, really.)
Above average. Good service.. . Very kind staff.  Very patient.  Decent, clean rooms.  Comfy beds.  I honestly had an okay time staying here.  I had low expectations so that may be why.  . . Some cavaets on whether or not you should actually care about my review or not: I was staying here for a work trip (i.e. I didn't actually pay out of my own pocket), I was here during weekdays (Tues-Fri), was only mostly sober and am not much of a gambler (work or play).  . . All that being said, I found the rooms to be very clean but surprisingly worn or showing signs of age, especially in the bathroom.  TI is gonna need a renovation in a few years!  The bedroom/living area was in the best shape. Everything here was recently updated and clean (at least within a few years) - flat screen TV, ipod docking station/alarm clock, wifi, and modern-ish furnishings.  The bathroom, however, either didn't get the same treatment...its been heavily abused since it was last redone..... The door and counter & finishes had all seen better, smoother, shinier days.  Despite the wear in the bathroom, the plumbing had no issues. No problems with water pressure or leaky faucets or anything like that. . The things that really matter are good/great and clean - linens, towels, tub/shower, sink, counter, desk. The bed is comfy and cozy. . . Service was great!  The staff were very accommodating, friendly, helpful, knowledgeable and patient.  My boss realized she lost her driver's license at the airport when we were checking in & came a hair close to having a full-on panic attack!  The staff handled all this drama with ease and professionalism.  They helped in calming her down and were able to find useful solutions (the reservation was in her name so they were able to help get us checked in despite the missing ID).  The bell desk were the best and went out of their way and called the airport, taxi, airline, etc searching for her ID on her behalf. With their help her ID was found by the Southwest Airlines baggage claim desk!  I also had a more minor situation (the hairdryer in my room wasn't working), but it was handled quickly (I got a new dryer literally 5 minutes after calling housekeeping)!  The service alone was a big highlight. I felt comfortable asking any questions and felt like the employees knew their hotel and knew the city. . . There is a great fitness center - decent amount of machines and equipment (& pretty updated/new) for a hotel, fresh towels, free water, lots of TV screens to distract you from the agony.  The down side is you need to pay an extra daily resort fee to access it.  The good thing with that though is that the fee also includes internet access in your room, so taken with that the price is more than reasonable.  So pay the resort fee! .  . As for pricing and gambling action, I can't really speak to those like I said earlier. . . The decor is pretty blase and cheesy.  Personally, I thought the whole Pirate thing and the Sirens show was ridiculously cheesy. Not worth the time. . . Pros: Great service, comfy beds, vents that allow you to let fresh outdoor air into the room, bathtub (!!!), efficient taxi stand, fitness center, spa, clean, great location (near lots of shopping, the Wynn & Encore hotels, etc).. . Cons: Mediocre to average restaurants, worn out finishes, boring decor, cheesy pirates, the Christian Audigier nightclub...even if its closed, the general atmosphere in the casino/public areas.. . Bottom line, I would stay here again and probably be pleased with it.  Its clean and not sleazy. It works.  Although if you're not staying here, there's no real reason to come here in my opinion.  If you just need a clean, comfortable place to stay, then go for it!
It was ok. There were trays left outside people's doors for a long time.. . The bed was terrible for a four star hotel, I would expect better. It wasn't too expensive... but I still wanted something better.. . The room was nice. There is a big tub for soaking. . . It's just, it was average. I was hoping for something better from a four star hotel.
Rooms are clean. Bathrooms are decent. Casinos are what you would expect. . . Nothing out of the ordinary.. . You have to pay extra to work out in their fitness room. I hate that. I just want to run for two hours and I have to pay more than $10 for that?
This place was just okay.  Check-in took forever.  I paid more here than what I paid to stay at the Palazzo a few months before, so I was expecting a four star hotel like priceline told me!  But it's probably 3 stars at best...nothing special, rooms are small, tv is smaller...it was just okay, average...I would only stay here again if it was free.
I like the location and room rates for the TI ....the hotel and rooms are in need of some major updating ......
This hotel is not as nice as some others on the strip such as the Bellagio, Wynn, Venetian, etc. However, we got a good deal on the room ($60/night) and it was totally adequate. The lunch buffet was good (especially given that we had a 2-for-1 coupon) and they even had good vegan options. Isla, the Mexican restaurant was great. The service was fine. The room was nice, the bathroom was big, but take note there is not a fridge, at least not in our room, so bring a cooler should you want to keep anything cold.  There is a Walgreens right across the street in case you need any toiletries or gallons of water. The pool was really nice. However, there aren't any happening bars or clubs but you are just a walk or short cab ride from better nightlife.
Please note: I vacillated between a 3 and 4 stars, but decided if I am wrong the lesser evil is not to oversell it. . . good & great: . . - Happy with rate. Didn't get the super deal that previous reviewer did because two of my four days were Fri and Sat. I paid an average of $106 a night for four nights, including tax and fees. . - Pleasantly surprised at comfort and quality of room, especially sheets/comforter/etc.  It wasn't a large room, but I opted for the Standard so I expected smaller still. Good storage, a desk, and a reading chair by great view of strip; generous counter space in the bathroom and large tub w-shower. . -Quiet room!! . -Service was fine; neither stellar or irritating. . -Canter's deli. The Reuben rocked. An actual real deli. . - Overall happy with our choice, better than my previous trips (only 3, not vast experience), in which we stayed at really sucky hotels inc Flamingo, Frontier (I think they tore this puppy down) and somewhere I don't remember. . - Very pleased with housecleaning  . . the bad: . . -Three people in our party and I wanted a Jr suite but only the Standard rooms have the two Queen option. Seriously. . -Lighting in the bathroom was abysmal even by hotel standards. . -Towels had that burnt smell of towels in cheap hotels. Putting my face near them was pretty gross to me. Also rough, but I can forgive that for a massive hotel at this mid-rate.  . -LISTEN MARKETING/PUBLIC AFFAIRS: having a resort fee that is mandatory is the height of stupidity. I asked why it was a fee and not folded into the room rate if it was mandatory. The answer was a robotic (this is my training, i must say this. only this): "We don't want to have hidden fees". Huh?!  Just have a room rate and call those "extras" what they are: amenities. Of course by calling it a resort fee they can artificially lower the perceived room rate, but another reviewer nailed it when she said she resented having to pay for extras she had no use for, e.g. two for one coupons. . -I found the pool disappointing. But I usually do. At a resort I want an extraordinary pool environment: really large, a smaller one for small kids to spread the love, some landscaping, please oh please. I stayed in a Cabana rented by a friend, but had I been in the elbow to elbow lounge chairs I wouldn't have even used the pool area.. -Kick in the balls: I found I had to print something important at the last minute...Using the computer was $15 for TEN minutes and printing was $1.50 per page. . . Overall, I'd say it depends on what's most important to you in a hotel room. I would stay there again if the room rate (inc damn resort fee) was one of the best deals I could find and if a resort-swimming experience wasn't important to me at the time. A nice and quiet room is paramount, so that's the part of me that was nudging me to a 4...
This hotel is great.  The pool is nice and the rooms are nice...I think it's a great value for the price.  I enjoyed the spa facilities and a facial at the hotel's spa too.  It isn't the Bellagio but it doesn't have that pricetag either.  As far as location on the strip, it's a little bit north of center.  Taking a shuttle is slower than walking but it will be too long of a walk all the way down the strip from Treasure Island to the other end of the strip.  If I had all the money in the world I would stay farther south...but I don't.  . . I have stayed at Treasure Island two times and was happy with it both times.  The casino is clean and not too smokey.  I would recommend this hotel for a mid-range hotel on the strip
Treasure Island was once a successful appendage to The Mirage.  Its pirate theme was cool with the ships fighting every 30 minutes. . Now everyones once favorite pirate hotel has an identity crisis.  Should it be downscale like the Raiders from The Riveria.  Maybe it should be more upscale like the Venice or Paris...Maybe it should change the name to Pirates of The Caribbean. . The casino/hotel is decent for the price $75 with the insidious hotel charges thrown in.  It does need some help in regards to service.  Called down to the desk for a late check out and was placed on hold for exactly 13 minutes before I hung up. . After going for a run, I went down to the desk.  they told me yeah its a long wait in the morning because there is only 2 people answering the phone(for a hotel of 2,000 rooms). . Perhaps service may be a place to start..Then again, its a tough commodity in a debt ridden town
I recently stayed at the Treasure Island for one night in Vegas, prior to that we stayed 3 nights at the Mirage but that is another review. Upon check in which was on a Monday afternoon, the check in line was ridiculous. After waiting for 15 minutes and many more to go we decided to leave our bags and try again later. Once checked in we asked for non smoking but found our room was so smokey it felt as if we were smoking in the room ourselves. Being that we were only there for one night we dealt with it. The room decor was nice and the bed was comfy. The TV was a bit small and there was no fridge which would of been nice to have. The bathroom was large which was a plus. There is some bars and good places eat right there in the hotel which was nice. All in all for the price we paid the Treasure Island was a deal but would rather stay some place else next time.
Vegas is one of those towns where I feel like you can either be thrifty, or spend a ton of money, but not really do much in between. I had never stayed on the strip before, and the closest my husband had ever gotten was the Stratosphere, so we were happy to be somewhere centrally located. In fact, I think location is TI's strongest suit: you are directly across from the Venetian and Palazzo, and Belaggio and Caesar's are under a mile away. . . We booked our hotel and flight together, and even on a weekend, TI ended up being only about $60 per night, which was a pretty good deal. Overall, the hotel was easy to navigate, clean, moderately priced, and obviously well located. We were supposed to have a cruddy view since we had a discounted rate, but we actually got a corner room, which is slightly larger, and a view of the strip from two sides of our room. The room was comfortable and adequate, and I was overall happy with our choice to stay here.. . However, some things did detract from our stay: upon arriving, we had to wait 45 minutes to check in. Yes, it was a Friday, yes it was busy. But guess what? Fridays in Vegas are always busy, so perhaps TI should staff more than 3 people to check in guests, when they have room for at least 10 clerks at their front desk. Of these 3 staff members, 2 spent literally 20 minutes with a group of clients, so essentially only one person was working. He was exceptionally good at his job, but there was only one of him. . The "resort fee" is $20 a day which is ridiculous. This includes access to the fitness center, and wifi. Wifi is normally $15 per day, but I would rather just not have wifi, or have to pay to use the fitness center. . . Our second night, I was awakened for 2 hours in the middle of the night by an endless stream of hotel guests walking up the stairs and by our room ceaselessly, and loudly. At first I thought it was one rude group, but as it continued I realized something must have gone wrong. Turns out the elevators stopped working, which meant people were having to walk all the way up to their rooms, (we were on floor 17). They were obviously unhappy about it, were loud and drunk and woke up everyone who was asleep. Although TI cannot make people be quiet, they did nothing to make up for this to anyone, including the guests who had to walk up 17+ flights of stairs. . . Although our room was clean, I was surprised that all horizontal surfaces in our room were covered in a week's worth of dust. I found it puzzling that surfaces were not wiped down between guests. Additionally, we passed several discarded room service carts that sat outside our neighbor's room for over 8 hours, and were never cleared.. . i was relatively pleased with our stay, but I will not be running to return here if i can find a competitive hotel with a competitive rate.
Treasure Island is one of the hotels on the strip that won't exactly "wow" you, but it's still pretty decent and at a great location at a decent price. It's been around for a long time compared to the Venetian and Wynn, and it always features their free pirate shows that play hourly outside. . . Stayed at a standard room. Good view, everything was clean, comfortable bed, and minimalistic modern decor.
Located at the end of the strip, it was quite a walk to get to places/shows. It was great exercise though. LoL. . . The check in line was SUPER long....the lady that checked me in looked super grouchy. . . The room I stayed in was on the 30th floor and had the view of the strip. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was big. The shampoo/conditioner could've been better. (And I guess it's the Japanese in me, but I wish they had room slippers. LoL)
Not bad, but there is much better in Vegas.  For example, I stayed at Paris on the most recent trip and is a much better location.  If you do stay at TI see the Sirens.
I've stayed at TI several times...it's a great hotel because it's in the center or nearby the major "attractions" that I'd go to (like Encore, Wynn, mall, etc). The rooms are quite decent. The petite suite are nice and obviously more spacious...I like the fact that it had 2 bathrooms :).. The dealers at the tables are always in a pissy mood and they don't smile much. . It's always busy and crowded at the reception area and the wait is a pain. The service is ok, I think that the people could have been a little nicer.
it was good. but it was Vegas so it is what it is everything was kinda on the expensive side though for treasure island and there was not a fridge in the room and every time we called room service they would be like and hour wait so it was a little aggravating but nothing we couldn't deal with. plus the view from our room was to die for and made up for everything.
they make you pay an EXTRA $22 a night for the resort fee. also the air conditioning in our room was broken so we called to have it fixed. and nobody came. . . we had to call again the next day and they finally came and fixed it. we demanded that our resort fee be taken off because of the bad customer service we received so they took off the resort fee for all three nights. . . other than that the rooms were clean. big bathrooms and the pool was nice.
Be WEARY of the glasses in the hotel rooms. Pretty sure they don't wash them- only WIPE them down after use. . . Otherwise- a good stay! The rooms were cozy, bed comfortable and bathroom was nice! Service was great except they double charged us for a few things concerning the room.. . Oh, they have a resort fee too- lame!
When we arrived at midnight on Friday, we had to wait 1 hr to check in!!! The room keys did not work, so we had to go DOWN again to get it fixed.  Sometime during the night, some other guest got into our room with THEIR cardkey!  What gives?. . Other than that, we had a good time staying there.  The room itself was decent.  The bed is comfortable.  No noisy neighbors during the weekend.  There was even a sunken tub to relax after a long day walking around in my high heels.  We had a good view of the strip.  Since the room is directly above the hotel outdoor show, it can get noisy with sounds of explosion and fireworks few times a night.
We sat down at the Sirens bar outside to watch the show.  It was fun, a bit too sexual for an 'open to the public' type of sidewalk show.  I have always been amazed by the amazing ships and the simulated sinking they pull off.  I think it is fun to watch, really fun for a kid, but the sexual references are just too much for any kids.
so my dad had points and he invited me out for a guys night - not bad for free room... . the beds are actually SUPER comfy for a basic two queen room. ..nothing really wrong about the room- your normal wear and tare but pretty well kept. . . yes- it is true what people have said about the credit card- my dad ended up with a 24$ tab and was trying to pay cash and it was automatically charged... we checked out @ the front desk and there wasnt even an option to pay differently so thats the only down side... . the hotel isnt super busy and theres the theatre for special shows, an amazing mexican/tropical themed restaurant and an italian and some shops. pretty nice to stay at and is pretty close to all the other hotels!!
Stayed for a quick 2 night trip back in January to attend a friend's wedding. Thought we were getting a good deal when we ran across a buy 1 night get one free. Turned out not to be so great. With tax and the infamous resort fees Ipaid $300 for a Friday & Saturday night. $150 sounds about right for a quality room for two nights on a weekend but that sort of makes the whole buy 1 get 1 free a sham. I also paid extra for the strip view room & was told at check-in they don't guarantee those rooms. They gave it to me anyway but it ended up being a double bed room instead of the king I ordered. Nothing truly stands out about TI. It's your typical slightly above middle of the road hotel/casino & at $150 a night there are better options.
3 stars. But if you were to grade Treasure Island/TI on a curve with other Vegas hotels, particularly its neighbors, this place is a 1.5 stars at best. If I were to personify Vegas hotels, TI would be that guy in his thirties that still attends college parties. On one hand, you got to almost respect that he is still going at it after all these years and at times his age is almost more of a novelty than inappropriate. But, on the other hand, eventually you resent him for not realizing this crowd doesn't take him seriously. Because the party has changed over the years but one thing remains constant, Pirate themed hotels just aren't chic. And no amount of re-branding is going to change that. And although you do have really comfortable beds , clean rooms, and a central-as-it-gets location, you just aren't up to par. Your pool is pitiful, tiny, and has an undeniable Daytona Spring Break vibe to it. Your restaurants are a joke. Your staff has an attitude, almost as if they keep applying for positions at all the great hotels popping up next door but no one will take them seriously because they are treasure island employees. 15 minutes on hold for the front desk? Drink coupons that none of your bars would redeem for different reasons? Half finished drink left unattended quickly thrown out by grounds crew who ignored the several empty cups in the same spot? A surprise 'facility use' charge sprung upon us at check-in?. And to top it all off, you booked Carlos Mencia to perform in your theatre. throw in the towel Treasure Island. Or better yet, walk the plank and let that great piece of real estate youve been letting go to waste become the next phase of one of Steve Wynn's projects.
Stayed here on a guy's weekend with an old buddy of mine. I would say it's ok. I've never stayed here before. Rooms were ok. Pool is not that great and the restaurants in the casino aren't that good. It's got a good place to grab a burger and some good fries if you're in the mood, but definitely doesn't have a lot of nicer places to eat.. . If you don't want to splurge on an expensive room than I would recommend. It's in a decent location on the strip and walking distance to a Walgreen's and McD's when you get the late night munchies.
We spent four nights at the Treasure Island and booked their petite suite.  It wasn't quite what I was expecting but the room was clean, and the bed was extremely plush and comfortable.  However; the towels were rough and the room kind of smelled like stale smoke (even though it was supposed to be a non-smoking room).  The hotel itself was nice.  The staff was very pleasant and helpful.  We gambled a little bit but it seemed almost impossible to get a cocktail waitress to stop by.  When we did get their attention and order a drink they never showed back up (or we left because it took way too long).  Overall, I thought this hotel was in a good location as far as access to the Fashion Show Mall.  It was right across the street from a Walgreens, and the tram takes you to the Mirage next door.  I would stay again but wouldn't fork over the money for a suite ... I'd just get a regular room.
I came here with three of my girlfriends and we had a blast! Check out took 20 mins which was very reasonable. We were only in the hotel when we needed to get ready or sleep mainly we were out on our adventure!  This hotel is more for families other than that it was very clean. I loved the bed it was so comfy I actually really miss the bed :( T.I. was very nice to let us do a late check out and did not charge us an extra fee!
Yes TI is old.. Yes MGM no longer owns it.. . But really its an older hotel that has been renovated quite nicely inside and the rates are pretty good. I mean for ~$100 a night on the wknd for on strip location... what else can you ask for.
We needed a room to "crash" after checking out of our previous hotel and before our evening drive home. TI was relatively cheap for our intent and the room was quite nice albeit a tad small. The bed was super comfy for that pre drive nap we needed and the lunch buffet was an excellent deal at the 2 for 1 deal we got with our reservation from the TI mail  promotional link.. . I'm sure we'd stay here again if we get another adult only vacation in the future.
Checked in here on Weds afternoon and  the line at registration was quite long but moved fairly quickly. The TV in my room was not working and the tech came and fixed it at around 1 am. Overall an OK hotel but definitely have been to better ones in Vegas. Also I really hated having to pay the $20 a day resort fee, especially since it was for amenities I did not use.  This hotels downfall is its lack of a theme. I definitely liked it a lot more when it had a true Pirate's theme. One benefit of this hotel is it's location. It is right next door to the Fashion Show Mall and it is pretty close to The Pallazo and Wynn.
I'll admit, I was very skeptical when told that I would be staying at Treasure Island for the weekend.  I remember coming here in 2005 and thinking, "how the heck does a place like this stay viable in the middle of the strip?". . Apparently someone invaded my mind that day.  The renovations are great.  If you were blindfolded and dumped in one of their rooms, you definitely would not think you were in TI.  . . Everything looks updated.  Well, except for the the LCD television.  I'm pretty sure we had a 20" in the room and it was laughable.  Did you ever see the episode of The Office where Michael invites members of the office to his home for dinner?  Remember the "flat-screen" that Jan let him buy?. . Yeah.. . Another downer is the cigarette smoke-scented casino floor.  I don't know if the casino was part of the make-over or not, but what I do know is that the aroma of smoke is thick enough to linger on your clothes for an hour or so.. . The newer casinos don't have this problem.  Perhaps they have better ventilation or maybe there hasn't been enough time for the smoke to saturate every square inch of the casino.  In any case, if you're a classy individual, steer clear of the casino at TI.. . But the rooms are great...
Great location for a hotel near Mirage, Venetian, and Caesars Palace (my favorite places to shop!). Check out Mystere while you're here.
I bid on a 4 star hotel on Priceline and this is what I got.  I wouldn't call it a 4 star hotel....more like a 3 star.  It's in an excellent location on the strip.  They charge you a $20 "resort fee".  This is definitely not a resort!!!  You get to use the fitness center, get free wireless, and a newspaper.  This is ridiculous.  These are things that other hotels, outside of Las Vegas, don't charge for.  The fitness center is only opened limited hours-- it closed at 7 p.m.  it's not large enough to accommodate all the guests that want to use it during peak hours.  And, you must bring the ticket that they give you at check-in to show that you paid the "resort fee".  You can pick up your "free" newspaper at the front desk.  But, this desk is also only open limited hours.  I checked-in at 3 p.m., which must have been the busiest time because the line was very long.  It took 30-45 minutes to check in.
Went for Mystere, didn't stay at the hotel.  Confusing casino layout, though...just seemed cramped and odd.
My stay at this hotel came with mixed feelings. Overall it's not a bad hotel but it did come with a few hang ups.. . When we arrived, we noticed at least 3 lights would not come on in the room, one of them not even having a light in it. Are people THAT ghetto staying here?. . In addition we found a few small stains on the bed sheets. Do we dare ask on that one.... . Do be aware they charge a $22 per night "resort fee" (thought this was a hotel?) and $100 per night room charge for insurance against you going "Rock Star" on the room (reversed after stay).. . The overall stay was decent but could have been better, especially for what they charge to stay there.
Cons:. . The pool is totally boring.  They blast music at you which makes it hard to stay in the pool without risking hearing loss.  The DJ is annoying to anyone past the age of 22.  Beyond that the pool just kind of lies there...no waterfalls or anything.  The pool at the cheapo Excalibur at least has water falls and seemed to be a lot bigger. . . Buffet stinks.  Poor service.  Poor food.  But it's two for one with a coupon!. . Resort fee.  Everybody does it but nobody should.  Just charge what you're going to charge for the room and leave the resort fees out of it.  You really don't get much for your resort fees that you'll end up using other than things you'd get for free from hotels in any other big city.. . Pros:. . Reasonably sized rooms.  . . Good hospitality.  Shampoo and soap stocked daily.  (One day we didn't get wash cloths but I won't quibble).  . . Tram to Mirage.. . Elevator is lightening fast.. . Bridge to Fashion Mall.  . . Centrally located on strip.
I got upgraded to a suite!!. Too bad, the suite was not modern enough.. The suite room is old.. Interesting enough, the suite has two bath rooms, one with the shower, the other with the big bath tub!!
Average Vegas strip hotel as far as price and quality. Our room had nice linens and a flat screen TV however our first room had cockroaches on the wall. We had to ask to be moved and our second room had a broken bathroom door and dead batteries in the TV remote. Good enough for a group of people havinga fun weekend in Vegas but don't expect too much.  The hotel is however in an ideal location, close to most other popular hotels on the strip.  A good middle of the line compromise hotel.
Oh Treasure Island, and your old-school pirate show, where have you gone?  Welcome to TI, and the scantily clad pirate show...my have times have changed.  Across the street from the Venetian/Palazzo sits TI.  Definitely has seen better days, and by that I mean pretty much everything.  Rooms, casino, food.  If you want to save a few bucks and stay down at this end of the Strip, this is your place.  Just be prepared to hear the pirate show every night!
Treasure Island was sort of a disappointment during my last visit.  Granted, it was Labor Day weekend, so super busy, but...... . 1.  Requested a non-smoking room, and was given a room that smelt like an ashtray.  Minus a point.  Went back to the front desk and they gave us another room that smelled fine.  Plus a point.  Was only given a 5th floor room though with a view of nothing.  Minus a point.  . . 2.  The bedsheets had margarita salt on it.  Did they even clean the beds?  Minus a point. . . 3.  Sink and bathtub drains were clogged with something that looked like a wad of hair and toilet paper.  *GAG*  Minus a point.  . . 3.  Always super long lines to check-in and check out.  Minus a point.  Luckily my friend is a TI Players Club member so we could bypass all of that.  Plus a point.  Also because my friend is a Players Club member, we also were able to check in early.  Plus a point.  . . 4.  The pho at this place SUCKS!  Minus a point.  But the pizza here is yummy when you're starving.  Plus a point.  . . 5.  The pool at this placeis drabby compared to other hotels.  Minus a point.. . 6.  I like the location of TI on the strip though so plus a point.  . . Overall, a 3 star experience for what I think is a 3 star hotel.
I was at this casino briefly with a group of friends. We were enjoying some beers on the strip and ducked in here to get some waters. We came in using the side entrance and there wasn't much of a crowd. Not too surprising for a week night. Got our drinks, the bar staff was nice enough considering we just ordered waters. While waiting for one of our party to come out of the restroom we were leaning on a banister and noticed that we had several ants crawling on our arms. Not cool, but it's not like they were cockroaches or anything. Ants I can handle.. . We left through the front and managed to smack right into the beginning of the pirate show. Packed. No wonder the inside wasn't crowded. The show was alright considering it was free. There is pretty good eye candy for both sexes and some silly song that I couldn't manage to get out of my head. Not a bad pit stop minus the bugs.
This place was great back in the day. Now this place is pretty average. compared to all the other hotels in the area. This place is one of those.. you get what you pay for kinda deals. the casino floor is decent, respectable dealers, waitress. The hotel itself in my opinion should be improved. The economy rooms are decent, spring top bed, window can't open, central a/c. tiny tv, bathroom is meh decent. and a small safe in the closet. For the budget people, its great, don't expect this to be like Aria or Signature because these Hotels are a few years outdated. Otherwise great for the price.
Review for casino only:. . It's been a couple of years since I was in the TI Casino except to go to a show at the Mystere Theatre which means you aren't really in the casino area.  Making my way through when I went to Isla, I noted that the carpet needs replacing.  The place doesn't have quite the smart look it had a few years ago before MGM starting letting it become a 3rd tier hotel and before it was sold to Phil Ruffin.. . This wouldn't be one of my choices for a casino if I were to gamble on the Strip.
I enjoy T.I. It's not the BEST hotel on the Strip, but it's perfect for a mid to upper scale hotel.. . The rooms are clean - crisp linen's, modern touches, spacious. The bed is pretty comfortable. The bathtub is huge and there's a lot of counter space in there. Good for us ladies!. . Service wise, they're pretty on top of it. When you ask for something, it's there within minutes. For what you pay in the resort fee, you get wireless for "free" - at least they don't charge you for it on top of the resort fee. Right before we checked in, the rates dropped. The front desk was great and honored the new rate. Sweet.. . The bars and "clubs" here aren't what they used to be. I'm so sad Tangerine is gone. It had one of the best views on the Strip.. . I'd stay here again if the rates were right.
We stayed here and the newly renovated rooms are decent, but on the smaller side.  It's close to everything so it's pretty convenient.  I cant' say that I loved the rooms but I wouldn't mind staying here again if the prices were good.
Stayed here for 3 nights, only reason to stay here is the price, (older hotel) comes with a sunk-in bed. I realize its Vegas but the channel selection for TV not so great.  Average buffet, and decent gaming.  If you stay here you probably won't be spending much time at this place, with everything else that better offered on the strip.  Will definitely be staying at a newer hotel for my next stay.
The rooms at Treasure Island are decent, but if you are so unlucky to get one of the older rooms, they can be pretty gnarly. I've stayed in both and lets just say...hope you get an updated room. . . If you're on a budget this is a great hotel for those who want the North Strip location at a more affordable price. They run really great promotions and you can sometimes get a room for like 50$ (weeknights, of course). That being said, it's just a 3 star hotel. Everything is kind of mediocre - but then, you do have other fancier hotels at your disposal if you're looking for the swank clubs and other things to do. So really, at a great price point, don't complain about the amenities. . . I would definitely stay here if I could catch one of their deals. One thing I hate about Treasure Island though, is their crappy "Sirens of TI" show and the fact that all their public spaces smell like SMOKE. The gambling is not particularly exciting either and I really hate their layout for the casino. . . Otherwise, budget hotel, good location, but amenities are MEH. I'd say, stay at the TI, but play somewhere else.
Only reason I'm giving this place a three is because it pales in comparison to some of the other grandeur hotels right across the street.  Our room was obviously updated but kinda smallish compared to what I've seen in other hotels.  I guess its probably a lot cheaper and is located in a ideal spot for easy foot trekking to the Wynn or Venetian.  Luckily we stayed on the top 36th private floor (compted room) which requires card access in the elevator. . . The majority of the people staying here look like they're from the mid-west or something...  Strangely they also have the "only Vietnamese cuisine on the strip"  with a restaurant named "Pho."  You can get anymore cliche than that, luckily I didn't try it since my friend said it was less than stellar and Vegas priced. . . They have this pirate show that wakes you up with fireworks and loud voices from the show, so you can get your ass up for the continued late night partying.  Nothing too strange happens here and the gambling here is pretty no frills here, I started playing here shortly after checking in to get warmed up.  I won like $70-80 at the table playing 21 and left.  Not huge on gambling but I'm not one of those people who don't play at all.
We stayed at TI based on our friends'suggestions. I would say that it's just "meh" of a hotel.. The rooms were fairly clean. I scanned our bedding with my black light flashlight and found a strange mystery spot on the comforter and promptly kicked that blanket off the bed for the duration of our stay.. . The bathroom was a nice size. The fixtures were alittle run down: an outlet's faceplate was cracked, the handle of the sink came off in my hand, and the shower head needed cleaning. Everything else seemed fine.. . Our room faced the strip and i wasn't too happy about having to hear the Sirens of TI show while i was trying to nap. Too many booms, explosions, and singing. . . The pizza place inside TI is two star at best. Over priced for what you get and i've had better pizza from a street cart.. . The tiki bar inside TI is interesting to check out for an hour (not a place to end your night). We stopped by on a friday at 11 when their bartender contest was going on. Our side of the bar won the "who's the loudest" contest and everyone rushed to the bar to have free booze poured into their mouths (NO GERMS FOR ME THANKS).. If you're looking for giant, tropical drinks that smoke (dry ice) this is your place to be.. . I'll stay somewhere a little classier next time.
MUCH better the second time here! Granted, we had a large suite with a whirlpool tub and two bathrooms. The weird smell was gone, though the walkway from the parking garage to the hotel was perpetually stuffy. Much less people than other hotels, which was nice. Okay treasure island, you won me over. Still don't have much food places and I need to get out of the hotel for everything, and your upkeep is still only mediocre, but I will come here again for the room rate specials and to escape the crowds everywhere else.
It's good, it's good... They did some changes here and there but I still like it. It's for a different crowd. It's on the strip, it's cheaper than the rest, and the rooms are nice.
Standard fantasy-themed casino/hotel. Rooms are ok. Better than a chain motel, less than average for a modern vegas hotel.. . Easy Valet Access and no security at the elevators means it's a great and inexpensive location for a romantic interlude with a professional. If the decor was a little classier this would be a 4-star for sure!. . The pirates show is... real real lame. Imagine a story book written by a dumb stripper, without the nudity.
#1 good location.  #2 cheap rooms, you can get them like $70 or so during the week or as low as $200 on hotwire on super special occasions, where others on the strip will run $300-500.   #3 the bars inside are kinda lame, but they did have a patron silver special with corona which was a good deal  #4  why don't they have coffee makers in the room?     #5   rooms do have a refrigerator, but common a couple bottles of water would be nice for the thirsty traveler    #6 AC didn't work in the room, hmm    3 stars bc its cheap relative to others on the strip.   The TV was a little outdated, super small and takes 10 seconds to respond to anything.  However who watches TV anyway so whatever.   Location and price do seem to be acceptable, so its A-OK in my book!   The patron shots were also A ok as well ;)
Not the nicest place but not the worst place! A-OK place to stay. Good location! Can't remember much about the room because I was probably only in it for a few hours, but it wasn't bad! Kind of dark.
Not a bad hotel and the room was very nice with a good view.. On checking in we did receive some vouchers however our booking stated that we would get $50 of various bits and pieces which we did not receive. . However there was not any tea or coffee making facilities within the room and I am a huge tea drinker and my partner a coffee drinker.. The air conditioning was not working very well and it was a struggle to get the internet up and running until we called the IT desk.. . In the mornings despite being higher up the noise levels were high for some reason. . . The pool was closed for repair and the Cirque du Soleil show based there did not play on a Thurs or Friday so we were a little disappointed.. . Finally we went to the Starbucks attached to the hotel ( Our fav Coffee Place) and found they were over charging by $1 per a drink and did not complete card refills there.. . Last year we were in MGM which although much bigger is a better hotel if one has to compare the two and i don't think we would stay there again.
We got a great rate at Treasure Island through hotels.com, which also included complimentary buffet and discounted drink tickets.  The hotel is in a good location as it is right next to the Fashion Show Mall and Caeser's Palace Forum Shops and nearby the Palazzo and a Walgreens.  The casino and lobby area are quite spacious, rooms are clean, and the hotel is nicely decorated for the holiday season, however, there was an unpleasant bleach or chemical scent every time I walked through the main entrance.  The service was hit or miss.  Our check-in was relatively quick and the staff person was accommodating for my request to have a nice view in our room.  However, our friends had some issues with being overcharged for printing costs and was redirected to contact another outside company to resolve the case.. . In terms of food options, the buffet is average.  There was an odd mixture of Asian food and Italian pizza and pasta, but I did appreciate my fresh to order pasta.  Compared to other buffets on the Strip, Treasure Island did not impress in terms of variety or quality.  There are a couple of bars, including a Western style Saloon, in the hotel, but we much preferred to spend our time outside of the hotel.  TI is okay if you're just looking for a place to crash and come and go.  It's definitely not a destination hotel if you're looking for more entertaining options.
Overall I'd say our stay at the Treasure Island was acceptable for the deeply discounted price.  The hotel is aging, and it's starting to show.  The bars, restaurants, casino were pretty dead when we went.  I remember going to play craps at around 12am and there were only around 3 other people playing craps in the whole casino.  I like gambling close to the room while the gf sleeps, so I was disappointed.. . Our room was very nice, and we were upgraded to a top floor corner room for no additional cost.  We also got a good deal which included a 50$ comp with our room.  We used our comp for one meal at their version of Canters (which was awesome) and the rest at their pho place [which was basically like normal pho at twice the cost, but good since you can play keno and eat pho at the same time ;) ]. . We are late sleepers, and we had some issues with housekeeping coming to our room around 10am, skipping us, and then not coming back.  It sucks leaving around 3pm and getting back after a long night to a non-made up bed.  Housekeeping is really one of the best parts about staying at a hotel, so that really irked me.. . It's close to other hotels, beds were nice, front desk was helpful.  Might stay again if the price is right, but I'll likely opt for a hotel where I can go downstairs and find more people.
Swashbuckling good time. And the rooms are above average.
Not a treasure at treasure island!  Just. Not impressed compared to other casinos.  This review is based strictly on the casino.  More of a smoke smell. Than other casinos.
Much nicer than I would have guessed. I always assumed this place would be so cheeky. Still not my favorite, I don't think I would care to stay here, and I wasn't too impressed with the stuff they had to offer.
I stayed at the TI last week attending a healthcare conference. At first I was POed that a lot of my colleagues got to stay at much more upscale hotels/casinos but I was pleasantly surprised with the TI hotel and casino.... . The Pros:. Nice location across from the Sands Convention Center. Updated modern rooms clean comfortable beds. Starbucks on the first floor. Couple of good restaurants on the property.. Liked Isla Mexican and their Vietnamese restaurant both were very good. Couple of people did the buffet and said it was OK... I'm not a buffet guy so.... Gilleys bar off the lobby is a good place to have a brew and watch the tourists get tossed off mechanical bull.. Casino has low minimums which is OK. Not staying at the hotels attached to the conference center meant I was out of the bedlam of trying to get a coffee in the AM or a drink in the PM with the thousands of exhibitors and attendees.... . There are Cons:. Yea if I was taking wifey for a romantic getaway weekend the TI would not be choice number 1 or 2. As someone earlier mentioned the casino is smokey but others on the strip are just as bad. Make sure you request a room that is not facing the strip and their nightly cannon show.. I mean everyone has to sleep a bit even in Vegas.. . One of the pit bosses said the TI is the best value and best kept secret on the strip. Yea sort of..
First time staying in the strip in Vegas and we really enjoyed it. The pool here was the best part of the whole experience! They did have some trouble with our reservation and even charged us more than what we were told which was frustrating to say the least. But other than that the hotel itself was great!
I've stayed here before once I made reservations directly with the hotel and came in on a Sunday... Little Bit and I were just coming in quick to see "Mystere" and then bailing the next morning. I don't like Vegas so my ventures onto the strip are EXTREMELY limited. This trip I was solo and here for the Catersource Convention being held over at Ceasars Palace, so I went onto priceline (name your price) to get a hotel hopefully somewhere NEAR Caesars. I lucked out got a rate of $78.00 per night coming on a Sunday for 2 days. . . Rooms are nice be sure to tell them you do not want a room near the Pirate show if you would like to get some sleep... although I didn't hear the show to late in the evening, perhaps it is different in the summer time when they are busier. Service was fine nothing SPECTACULAR butcheck in was quick and friendly. Gift shop personnal smiling and nice, valet courteous. I had a view of the strip on a high floor it was nice but honestly you spend no TIME in your room so I don't imagine it is important when you really think about it. I could hear my neighbors from time to time so walls are thin (or neighbors were just loud) My classes during the convention were long starting at 7:00am and out by 6:15pm so needless to say I was not in the room for long. Last week the monorail that takes you to the Mirage was broken and they were offering a shuttle to the Mirage but my destination was Caesars so I took a cab each day.. . FYI if you use credit cards in the cabs there is a $3.00 transacation fee. I did not partake of the pool but it is a nice size. I did not eat at any of the restaurants here this time so can't review those. Elevators are through the Casino like every other hotel in Las Vegas... as they want you to be tempted to loosen your pockets and "give it a go"!LOL. . Respectfully Reviewed
Older property rooms need some updating to keep up with the rest of Las Vegas good restaurants nice staff I little over priced
While roaming the internet for all things Vegas, a pop up ad for Treasure Island teased me with rates up to 50% off.  By signing up for TI Members Only emails, I gained access to incredible bargain rates that tipped the decision for our stay to Treasure Island.  We liked that fact that TI isn't one of those behemoth hotels that requires a 20 minute hike to get to your room.  Plus, rooms were recently remodeled and our deal came with two free buffets.. . At check in, we were told our room had a resort view (i.e., overlooking the pool).  While technically true, we ended up with a great view of the Strip, looking south.  We were also given a buy one get one free buffet coupon for a weekday lunch or dinner.. . Our room was obviously fairly new, with lots of dark wood and a modern design.  We were especially impressed with how large the bathroom was.  The carpet was a busy pattern designed to hide dirt, but closer inspection revealed a carpet in serious need of steam cleaning.  There were lots of stains.  The rooms also aren't very soundproof and you might consider bringing earplugs to block out the noise of late night revelers and slamming doors in the wee hours.. . TI has a great selection of in-house restaurants.  The buffet space is also recently remodeled and very attractive.  We used our freebie coupon for dinner and enjoyed an expansive buffet with a Southern themed menu for the main section - bbq, sweet potatoes, greens and chicken fried steak were all passable.  It was supplemented with a pasta performance station, baked potato bar, a basic sampling of Chinese food, some Mediterranean appetizers and sushi.  The best part was the made to order salad station and the dessert buffet.  Do not pass up the mini donuts with caramel icing that have been warmed under a heat lamp!  Or the chocolate dipped strawberries!  We were surprised, and disappointed, to find the exact same menu a couple of days later at lunch, with the exception of the baked potato bar which had been replaced by out of the box frozen seafood selections.. . Canter's Deli was incredible, offering large portions of delicious fare at affordable prices.  Think typical Jewish deli.  The matzo ball soup and pastrami sandwich are real treats and not to be missed.  Kahunaville is a party bar that opens for breakfast, too.  Be on the lookout for someone handing out coupons in the casino for their $7.99 breakfast special.. . Treasure Island may not have the glitz and glam of some Las Vegas resorts, be we found it to be a great value in a great location.
Nice room.. Stayed here for 3 nights.. . Early checking cost $50 extra. Better than napping in the parking lot with wife, baby and mo in law in our tiny Honda insight.. . Not many places to plug in all of our chargers for cell phones so we took turns and used the restroom plugs.. . Check in line was always long, with not enough staff to handle it.... . Check out was a mad rush too. Vegas wasn't very busy this time of year. End of march.. . Parking was free. . . The iPod dock didn't charge the iPod and it had the wrong time.. . They had a fridge and safe in the room.. . No coffee pot in the room.. . The checkout was kind of weird.  I suggest an easy checkout.  Get the folio under your door and just walk out if there aren't any problems with the bill.  We ended up standing in a 30 minute line just to check out.. . Good Job TI, but I think for the price, I might stay somewhere else.
For the price, it has a good location, nice rooms and fun atmosphere, however, if you're looking for the quintessential Viva Las Vegas experience, you're not going to get it here--for that, head on down to Bellagio, Palazzo, Caesar's or anywhere around those hotels and you'll be good to go.. . TI has some fun shows (Mystere by Cirque is really pretty funny and worth the money if you get a deal), but is lacking in the LV restaurant department.. . I am a personal believer in the necessity of mirrors in bedrooms, and TI has never failed me there with floor to ceiling mirrors in the room; also, they have a people-mover from their hotel to The Mirage, which is only slightly better of a hotel.. . If you're wondering whether to stay here or not, and your options are NYNY, Mandalay Bay, Luxor/Excalibur or Trump, I say stay at TI... but if you're choosing between this and Imperial Palace, stay at the palace because you get THE BEST bang for your buck there.. . Enjoy you sinners!
While this is one of the best buffets and also a very fun atmosphere, I am displeased in a few things. Their resort fee is out of control. There is often a wait for valet, in which we've had to leave the car in the valet and take a disgusting taxi to a show. Also I got sick at the buffet on our last morning due to what I believe was old vegetables in the made-to-or-salad area. Their response to my illness was that they hadn't heard of any "other" food poisoning so they just offered an upgrade. No thanks. The top floor rooms are very nice but since their valet and customer service weren't accommodating we won't be back. It's a shame.
I was hesitant to book at a place with a resort fee but it came in handy as we used some of the coupons, the internet, printed my boarding pass, etc.  Sometimes you can't avoid it if you're getting a decent deal in a decent location.. . For those who say this place needs work...not so much, in fact the people I talked with at the pool agreed with me, they were all satisfied staying here.  . . As for the pool, it is on the small side for such a large hotel...Saturday we stepped out there at noon and it was beyond packed - mostly with people reserving their chairs with towels and in the pool.  There is a DJ at the pool that starts around noon-ish.  We got an earlier start on Sunday and it wasn't so packed just because people tend to go home that day.  The DJ played a variety of music, I didn't even need my ipod out there.. . The location is great - you can walk or take the tram over to the Mirage for free, it's right across the street from The Venentian.. . My favorite party bar "Kahunaville" is inside and I must say the smell in the hotel walking in is pretty nice too...
There really is nothing going on here these days! It always seems empty on the casino floor, the bartenders are never busy (wait, that does make it easier to get drinks) and there is no "buzz" around the place. Im hoping that when the Sr. Frogs opens up people will come back... but judging by how empty Gillies was... I'm not holding my breath. . . As far as the rooms go, they are ok. Its not nearly as nice as most of the MGM properties (not including Circus Circus as it is a dump!) But they have been redone since the last time I stayed there and they are good for the price you pay. (they have great specials going most of the time). . The hotel is at the very end of where most of the good action is on the strip so be prepared for a long walk if you want to see any good shows... but hey, your gonna walk in Vegas anyway so wear comfortable shoes.
I had to book a place for several of my budget friendly college student family members and I, leading to Treasure Island.. . The rooms were decent and modern with a small flat T.V. screen.  The front desk person was helpful in giving us two rooms adjacent to each other so my group could stay together since all the suite were taken already.  . . We tried their dinner buffet because of the 2 for 1 special and boy oh boy, BAD CHOICE.  The selections were so few and maybe 2 out of 6 dishes were good.  The only up side about the buffet is that the chefs can make you vietnamese PHO, and personalize your pasta to your liking.  . . We had to find activities outside this hotel.  However, we did get a free firework show from our hotel window because they would perform their pirate show around 7pm.. . Overall, a decent place to sleep-in for a decent price and it is on the strip close to a lot of activities.
Stayed here on a recent trip to Las Vegas. I loved that the hotel is near other hotels I wanted to venture into - Venetian, Palazzo, etc. Got a great deal through Priceline.. . The rooms are well appointed, the bathroom clean, however, the rug that led to the room was dirty. Looked like someone poured some dark liquid or something and no one has gotten around to cleaning it.The front desk was pretty friendly even though I didn't book through them directly. Ivy at the concierge area booked my shuttle for me and was a wealth of other local information that you would not find on any guide.. . I left my luggage at the bell desk since I had a couple of hours between shuttle pick up and when I checked out. I thought it was a great service until I ran across this bell desk agent that was more into getting a tip from me. He hadn't even taken my luggage and he was already telling me he would take care of my luggage with his hand motioning for money. He repeated himself that he would take care of my luggage but he didn't think that he would be there in 2 hours when I returned and then motioned again for money. Such a turn off! When I told him I didn't have any change on me (which was true - I was not about to fork over a $20), he told me he would give me change. This is just poor taste! . . I would stay here again but steer clear of this guy at the bell desk.. . BTW - Fashion Show Mall is right across the street too!
Three of us stayed here for two weeknights using some usually worthless British Airways miles. Of the 5 other times I've been here, I couldn't even remember if I had walked through this casino. . . The hotel:. Much better than I expected as the cost of this hotel is usually lower than most other places on the strip. They easily gave us two queen beds upon a longer-than-it-should-have-been check-in. I was expecting to have to still pay resort fees, but we were never charged. Extra bonus!. . Comfortable beds, great bathroom, and good amenities. All things you really need when staying in a hotel. TI had them all. . . Location-wise this hotel is good. It's a little on the north side of the strip, but you have easy access to other north-strip hotel casinos like Wynn/Encore and Palazzo/Venetian. . . Casino:. The casino itself isn't as insane and hectic as many others on the strip mainly due to the location on strip and its manageable size. They have everything you need to gamble, so you won't be sorry coming in.. . Overall I would definitely stay here again because it really is a nice hotel and casino. You can usually get a great deal on price, but there aren't any drawbacks, so it ends up being a great value!
Public areas don't get the attention to detail like other hotels: smudgy doors, dirty carpet, etc. I like how the elevators are split up into floor sections--never a long wait. After reading mixed reviews about the hotel and rooms, I was pleasantly surprised with our room. Seems updated, bed is very comfortable. Marble counter in bath room is stained, giving the impression it's not clean. Deep tub. Needs more electrical outlets by bed (might consider bringing an extension cord if having phone chargers bedside is important to you.) Check-in process is a mess. They create a long, winding line at posted time. It's a mess. We like the location, so we'd probably return if the price is right.
I'd actually like to give it 3.5 stars but I'll settle for a 3 because I can't say that the sty was fantastic. . . I stayed here Memorial Day weekend with my friend and I'll say that we got a really good price (it was bundled so I can't really break out the actual price but we paid about $350 each for round trip airfare and 4 nights/3 days at TI). So the price deserves a star.. . I'll give them two stars for their location. We were pretty much smack-dab in the center of the strip so taxi cabs weren't too expensive and we were close to Ceasar's shopping and the fashion mall.. . As for the cons--I was pretty disappointed that when I came into the room and checked my sheets, I found that BOTH beds had stains on the sheet. I mean there's a reason why sheets are white....so let's keep them white! I will give them kudos for sending someone up at 8:45PM to change my sheets when I called room service. However, the new sheets that replaced the sheets STILL had stains. I don't know if the stains are from the washing machine being old or if it's from overloading it.. . I was also disappointed that they didn't have our room cleaned in a timely fashion. We had been out for most of the day and when we came back at 4PM, we still did not have our room cleaned. I think they were on their way but by that time we felt it was too late for them to come and clean. We really only needed towels so it wasn't a big deal but I stopped by one of the other ladies cleaning the rooms and asked if she could give me 4 new towels and she seemed to be really bothered by giving me new towels. My Spanish isn't that good so I couldn't tell exactly what the issue was but I had gone for two days without a room clean, so I needed new towels. . . Another disappointment was that on our last night, we called room service at 4:30AM and they told us it was going to take 1.5 hours before we got any food.. . Last disappointment was that they wouldn't give me a late check out. I mean, I understand that it was a crowded weekend so it was fine but considering they hadn't been cleaning my room for the entire trip, I figured they could cut us a little bit of slack and give us a late check out. Sure enough at 11AM housekeeping came and knocked on the door to start cleaning.. . Overall, I think the main issue was the weekend choice so it wasn't bad. BUT! dirty sheets!?!? COME ON! Get it together! You're a 4 star hotel.
This is a combination of two reviews: the hotel/suite we stayed in, and the pool/cabana area.. . OUR SUITE. . When we started planning our tenth wedding anniversary trip we decided to go all out and rent a suite at TI.  . . We checked in at about 1:30 and lines were pretty short and check in went fairly quickly.  My only complaint was that because we had booked a suite they charges us an extra $400 deposit that they had failed to tell me about before hand.  I expected to pay a deposit, but $400 creates a bit of sticker shock when you are not ready for it!. . Some of the specific amenities we were excited about in our suite were:. Jacuzzi tub. In-room ipod dock. In room non-minibar refrigerator. . When we arrived in our room we found that:. the Jacuzzi tub did not work. The ipod dock did not work. the refrigerator did not work. . I called down for services and was told they would send up a technician for the refrigerator and the Jacuzzi but that they were phasing out the ipod docks so there was nothing they could do to replace that.  This kind of upset me because as the ipod dock was advertised, we decided we did not need to bring ipod speakers, therefore our ipod, with all of "our songs" was useless during our wedding anniversary weekend.. . It did not take long before someone came to our room, however he was a security officer, not a technician.  He said he would send the right guy.  After waiting an hour and a half I called back down to the front desk and they sent someone up immediately.  . . The jacuzzi was fixed promptly (the GFI switch had kicked off) and he had the refrigerator replaced.. . I also noticed that the coffee table and a number of large scrapes and scuffs on the paint under the glass that made it look cheap and second rate.  This would have been something inexpensive and easy to fix but the hotels decision to ignore it tells me a lot about what their priorities are.. . Other than that, we really enjoyed our stay.  The space between the hotel entrance and the elevator bank was not excessive as in many casinos.  In fact the elevator banks seemed quite central to just about everything we wanted access to.  Also, there did not seem to be an excessive amount of smoke which is something we always dread about coming to Vegas.. . Maid service was very good!. . The buffet was good, though I felt over priced given what they served.  . . THE POOL/CABANA. . We rented a poolside cabana in Monday.  Though we reserved a cabana ahead of time, I did have to come down at 9 am that day to select the specific one we wanted, but that really didn't bother me.  The cabana comes stocked with soft drinks and water, a fruit plate and four times the number of towels allowed the regular pool patrons.   . . Cabana service was prompt, attentive and through.  Drinks and food were served through the Kahunaville Restaurant.  My wife ordered two tropical drinks in plastic souvenir cups, the Vacation and a Melonrita, both of which she said were vary good.  The drinks were $18 a piece which I thought was excessive but not unexpected.  We also ordered the Paradise Sampler which came with jerk chicken, coconut shrimp, ribs, wings, mozzarella triangles (REALLY GOOD!) and nachos.  The presentation was awesome with a "smoking" hollowed out coconut (stamped with the old Las Vegas logo) filled with dry ice and water.  Thought the jerk chicken was a bit dry, all and all the food was good and we could not finish it.  The platter was $25 which I consider a bit expensive for a sampler platter, but given the presentation (you get to keep the coconut) and the fact that it was served in a pool side cabana, I am not really sure that my criticism is terribly warranted.. . My only real complaint was that it was in excess of 100 degrees that day and for some reason the misters on the cabanas were kept off until almost 3 pm.  Even the wait staff was complaining but nobody seemed to have an answer as to why the delay.  . . On a non weekend day the cabana will cost you $180 which initially made my frugal side tense, however my wife pointed out that is you occupy your cabana from open to close, it only runs you about $22 an hour which I don't think is at all unreasonable.
Treasure Island has nice amenities and a great location. My wife and I stayed here with another couple and we had a great time. The rooms were very clean and looked very new and modern. Although there seemed to be an issue with our friends room and the bathroom, the sink had a weird smell coming from it.. . The location of the hotel was great. Located near the center of the strip, it was minutes away from some other hotels which offered some great nightclubs and shopping. . . Restaurants in the hotel were average, nothing really stuck out, but plenty of choices inside and nearby. The pool area was really nice with good looking hostesses. The fitness center was really clean and had a lot of equipment and machines available.. . I would definitely stay at this hotel again, but probably not eat at the restaurants because there are so many better options other places. The casino itself was below average. The short ceilings makes it feel closed off.
Not really one of the very good hotels in Vegas but it was alright. I think the hotel needs a lot of remodeling. In general it looks old if I compare it with the other fancy hotels around. The room I stayed in was OK but you can see hidden stains here and there. I would stay at a different hotel next time. The only reason I stayed here because I got a good deal on their website.
Treasure Island was a pretty relaxed hotel, it was pretty low-key, I had no huge issues, and the room I stayed in was clean.  It did its job, but that's it.  Nothing about it wowed me.  It's in a good place on the strip, right across from the Venetian, but if you're looking to venture to the other end of the strip on a hot day, I suggest a cab.  The walk becomes a hassle pretty quickly when it's 100+ degrees outside.  The few complaints I had were these:. . Please, please, please build a "families only" pool and ban anyone under 21 from the regular one.  I really don't understand the draw of bringing your underage offspring to Vegas, since they aren't allowed in the casinos or bars (which happen to make for 90% of Vegas), many of the shows are even 21+, and they create a constant annoyance for the adults who are actually trying to enjoy their vacation without having to dodge kids running through the hallways or banging on the walls in the room next to them (I experienced both).. . My main complaint about Treasure Island is the pool.  You have a DJ playing club music with a bunch of people (mainly in the 21-35 age range) hanging around drinking beers and relaxing.  Then you have a bunch of toddlers in swimmies and a bunch of 9 year olds jumping and splashing.  Their oblivious parents?  Talking to their friends and not caring that their kid just jumped in the pool and spashed 5 people who are trying to have drinks and relax.  Seriously, the worst part of my stay at Treasure Island was going down to the pool every day and having to deal with the 20 or so kids in the pool doing whatever they wanted and just creating an annoyance to everyone around them.  They all congregate at the steps going into the pool because they are all so small they can't swim anywhere deeper.  Then when adults want to step into the pool they are forced to dodge all of the little ones with fear of knocking them in.  Really, bringing your youngens to Vegas is probably the dumbest thing you can do.. . The 2nd thing that will definitely stop me from staying here again is the filtration system in the casino.  Last time I was in Vegas I stayed at Aria.  The minute you walk in Aria all you smell is vanilla.  This is mainly to hide the stench of cigarettes.  The vanilla is strong and gives you a headache at first, but you adjust to it pretty quickly, and after the first day at Aria I had no issues with smells of any kind.  Treasure Island is a different story completely.  By the second day my sinuses were history and I was blowing my nose and wiping my eyes every 5 minutes because the smell of smoke was so strong.  It was bad.  Really bad.  And a hotel that charged a $28 a day resort fee should be able to do something better about the smell of smoke, in my opinion.. . One thing I can compliment is the staff.  Every staff member I encountered was very friendly and helpful.  The waitresses at the pool always had a smile on their face, the cooks at the buffet were always friendly and asked how you were doing, and checking in and checking out was a very pleasant experience.
It was my favorite place to stay and to play in Vegas. But for some reason the machine waitresses got slower and slower  (1hour until you see one, 20 minutes to get the drink you ordered) and the Vallets are full all the time and they you to park your car self. Also for some reason they have a big building site right in the hotel which is very loud sometimes even though it's right the middle of the season. Also the  buffet isn't anymore what It used to be so that lines form in front of the other restaurants as well. It was our 2nd stay there and will probably be the last.
And oldie but goodie. Haven't stayed here in a while and had some friends stay here over the weekend and went to check it out again. Great place for a decent price. Good location if you're looking for things in that area.
The show outside is a little disappointing. Being Vegas, the inside labyrinth is intentionally confusing. It's pretty dark and unwelcoming inside, but the pool area is nice and the Seigfried and Roy attraction is very enjoyable.
The room I got was nice.  It was on the 6th floor but super long walk to my room.  They really crank the AC in the hallways....super cold lol  The pool was decent but wish they had more seating or a better way of cleaning up the towels that people have left so we can actually sit down and not worry we are taking someones spot.  . . The food selection at the hotel is Ehh...and we tried the buffet and it was super gross never again.  They need to make the food taste much better.  Pasta station was super bland and had very little flavor when the cook made the dish for me.. . I like Gilley's bar and it was super fun.  Staff was great and friendly.. . I will stay again :)
We stayed here for three nights over Labor Day weekend. I was really apprehensive about it after reading some Yelp reviews, but it turned out to be a good stay.. . There were a LOT of people there. Check-in went relatively smoothly considering the massive amount of people that were checking in on Friday afternoon-- I think we were in line about 30 min. . . The room was pretty clean-- bed was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was nice, but they were very skimpy with the towels.. . Casino leaves a lot to be desired. I didn't like hanging out here at all. The ceilings seem really low or something. I much preferred going across the street to the Palazzo or Venetian. One of the nicest things about TI is the location-- right in the middle of the strip.. . Price was a little higher than usual because of the holiday weekend, but it wasn't outrageous. $25/ day resort fee was reasonable I guess-- you get internet, gym, and some restaurant and drink coupons.. . We ate at the buffet which was fine. Otherwise, we went elsewhere for food, drinking and gambling. Oh, by the way, there were a LOT of little kids there. I am one of those who really doesn't understand why you would bring little kids to Vegas, but TI seems like a good place to stay if you are planning to do that.. . I might stay here again if I got a really good deal.
Its an ok hotel.  The rooms are decent.  Its a little dated.  Has some good restaurants though.
I stayed here over the Labor Day weekend, and the stay was better than expected. When we first arrived we were going to valet because it's not an extra charge, just tip, but the valet was full and we just parked in the structure.  During the summer the structure can feel hotter than it is outside, so just be warned.. . The rooms were clean, the room I was in had a view of the pool area, which I didn't visit because the friends I went with didn't want to go and I didn't want to go there by myself.  The rooms were a little dated, but there was a flat screen in the room to make it more modern.  I thought the beds were comfortable.  My only complaint is the lack of available electrical outlets.  There was one at the desk and maybe two more in the bathroom.  You stay with four people in the room, four cell phones (you know everyone probably has a smartphone), three plugs you do the math.. . There is a monorail the takes you to the Mirage, but it's not 24 hours, it closes at 1 or 2am depending on the day.  This was not a bad stay.  For Vegas, as long as the hotel is clean, I'll be happy.
Treasure Island was kind of a disappointment for me. I stayed here with a few girlfriends for a bachelorette party and I really wanted to love it but I just didn't!. . ROOM: The room was just ok. It was clean but not very roomy. I thought the room was rather small. The bathroom was clean though, bonus points there! Another bonus was the radio/alarm dock in the room so I was able to play my music from my phone while we were getting ready to head out. The gross part was that my comforter had these nasty looking stains on them! At least swap them out for a comforter that doesn't have stains! Yuck!. . CASINO: T.I is pretty big, filled with tons of slot machines and tables. The tables were always packed and the limits were pretty high. I actually got lost a few times heading up to my room! But like any other casino/hotel, once you're there long enough you eventually figure out your way around. What I really didn't like was how I had to play MAX on video poker in order for my drinks to be compt. And on top of that, the bartender paced us, only allowing us to order drinks between 15 minute intervals, super LAME! Read my review for Harrahs and you'll see why this is super lame!. . STAFF: Besides the bartender eyeing every drink we ordered and double checking to make sure we were playing MAX bet, the staff was friendly and attentive.. . What I do like about T.I is that I was able to sign up for a slot play and I actually came in third place and won $150 credits on my T.I card, whoo-hoo! I took my credit to the high limit slots and played there and won like $200! Totally made my last day in Vegas! . . T.I was just ok for me. It's at the end of the strip too. Would I stay here again? Most likely not unless it's free!
TI was is a nice hotel right on the strip. I was actually expecting more to be quite honest. The room was basic, small, but clean and nice. The casino was basic and there was one crazy bar downstairs as well. I just wasn't blown away by it. I love how the resort fee needs to be added on if you book from an outside service. The front staff was very helpful in getting me the room I wanted, that was for certain. I was hoping with a casino open all night there might be some food. The casino was fine, I just always hope the drinks come fast. The dealers were friendly and the pit bosses were nice about minimums. Still....I wasn't overly blown away. The location is great. There is a $7 shuttle to the airport (do this!! not the cab). Still, I wasn't stunned with the place.
Fifty-six years old and this was my very first (ever) trip to LV. I chose this hotel on the recommendation of a friend plus it was one of the few available for a one night Saturday stay on Memorial Day weekend..  . I drove into town and the hotel parking was easy to find. It was a hike from the parking deck to registration so pack light and wear comfortable shoes. Thanks to my sherpa guide provided by the hotel.. . Check-in seemed to take forever but in reality it was "only" 50 mins. I can't blame the hotel staff for this; it seemed almost everyone was a self appointed VIP with a list of special requests  who found it difficult to treat the staff with common civility.  The others were European tourists who nodded their heads eagerly to everything but clearly had no idea what was going on.. . I had reserved a room with a Strip view at an extra cost but was then told that a reservation for a specific room type was in no way a guarantee that would be the room you'd actually get. I was down-graded to a different category with no assurance that the rate would be adjusted. Welcome to Las Vegas.. . The room: Once upstairs the accommodations were clean, bright and spacious. Everything that was supposed to work worked well; flat screen television, wi-fi, comfortable bed. The bathroom was large with plenty of little shampoo bottles and large towels. . . The pool: well maintained with plenty of comfortable chairs. I had barely settled in when a roving server showed up to take my drink order. The water was clear but without the overpowering stench of chlorine. There was a good sized crowd with the usual assortment of big people in small Speedos, screaming kids, Jersey Shore types and cooler-than-thou Vegas veterans. One thing was apparent; everyone was out to have a good time and a good time was being had by all.. . Dining: It was a busy, high traffic weekend and as expected there were lines for everything. I had picked up my girlfriend from the airport (excellent directions provided by the staff) and we were both hungry and tired. We opted for the buffet and weren't disappointed. It may not have been high-end pretentious gourmet but the food was fresh, well prepared and well presented. The selection was huge and the lines moved quickly. . . Casino: I'm not a gambler so that wasn't a factor in my stay. However, I was up early and went down to get coffee at the adjacent Starbucks. The casino was nearly empty so I went to the craps table and asked if they could show me how to play. They were very friendly and helpful. I ended up getting a "free" lesson (not counting the $30 I wagered and loss) from the two dealers and a pit boss. . . Bar: We only went to one and I forget its' name. It was crowded, smokey and loud. The floor was sticky from countless spilled margaritas. In other words, it was just what I was hoping it would be. . . To sum up: Other travelers have raked this property over the coals. Maybe they were bounced out their regular suite at the Cosmopolitan or the Four Seasons and were expecting a $600 a night experience for $75. The TI doesn't aspire to be anything it isn't. I come from solid Brooklyn working class roots and that's just what this property caters to. I paid a premium rate for coming in mid-weekend on Memorial Day and I have no one to blame but myself. Weekday rates are extremely reasonable and if there weren't so many other hotels to experience I'd definitely stay here again.
I recently stayed here and the experience was ok. The furniture in the rooms were kinda old (must have been a room that wasn't renovated?) the buffet was bleh, and customer service was ok. Experience didn't match the price but we were in Vegas!
How to say, how to say....there's no reason TO stay there, but there's also no reason to NOT say there. . . The fact is, there's 15 other hotels with pretty much the exact same rates and rooms as TI. So, if you can get a deal, go for it. I got one on Vegas.com and the strip view upgrade was basically free, so I took it. My husband loves pirates, so that's the main reason I chose it over the other 15 hotels with pretty much the exact same rates and offerings. I will say the hotel has done a major overhaul. They no longer refer to themselves as "Treasure Island" but as the more swag-a-rific "TI" instead. With the name change came the demise of about 90% of the pirate themeing they once had.. . Service: The lady who checked my friend and I in was super helpful. We explained to her that we would like adjoining rooms if possible, or at least as close as possible. She paged through all the rooms for a solid 10 minutes trying to find us linking rooms. Eventually she apologized and told us she looked through everything and the best she could do were 2 rooms on the same floor. Not exactly what we wanted, but I really appreciated her trying hard to find us something. . . Rooms: The rooms were totally fine. They must have done an upgrade within the last couple of years because the furniture was updated, but the bones of the place showed some age. The room was totally clean though, and the BED WAS GREAT!!! Because the bed was so comfortable, I would consider re-booking TI over another hotel of similar rates in the future because I know I will be comfortable. . . Location: The location is okay. It's towards the end of one side of the strip, so  a walk to somewhere like Flamingo is going to take a while. There's a shuttle that goes back and forth from Mirage. I prefer the location of somewhere like Planet Hollywood or Caesar's (more centralized) but it wasn't terrible. . . Food: Upon check-in I received a voucher for buy 1 get 1 free at their buffet for ANY time. I dug that. We decided to go to "brunch" the Sunday we were there. The wait was about 15-20 mins. We thought it was pretty good, and it was a champagne brunch for only $24 for TWO of us with the voucher. They had a lot of choices, and I would return to their buffet even if we weren't staying at that hotel.. . I would probably try a new hotel next time within the same price range, but I definitely wouldn't rule out staying here again if I got a good deal.
Definitely a value hotel. They even upgraded us to a suite (totally awesome) but the hotel really looked like it could use some solid maintenance. . . Still, for the price not bad at all... and do NOT forget to check out the spa!
Clean, decent, nothing fancy.  Slots felt tight.  Had fun at the craps table though.  I'd stay here again if I could get a room in the 50 to 80 range.
Not the best by any stretch in LV, but certainly not the worst.   The good is that the rooms are nice, quiet and clean, with comfy bed and good TV.    The not-so-good is the long check-in line or the bars and dining venues in the main floor casino area.  However a nice touch is the Starbuck's with two locations on site. . The lodging prices are reasonable and TI is very central with a bridge to Venetian/Palazo across the street.
The room was generally nice with comfy beds and nice showers. However, the resort fees are a bit high, and even though we called to get our room cleaned for the late afternoon, the housekeeping never came! Very disappointing. Also, all the coupons/deals we got were for mon-fri only, even though we were just there for the weekend. . Overall okay hotel, but I probably would try somewhere else next time.
It was clean and we had a new room, it was cool.
This hotel can be considered old since all the new hotels have opened the past couple years. Well they must have renovated or something because for the price, it doesn't feel cheap at all and I've stayed at palazzo, Venetian, vdara, etc. The only complaint would be the tv, it's small and the reception is crap. Couldn't really watch any digital channels but hey! It's Vegas. Why would u be in the room anyways. Also the food selection isnt the greatest so I probably would be eat $15 pho or $10 hot dogs
I really wanted to like this place.  It's more affordable than the Venetian,but it looks like you get what you pay for.  We used up our drink coupons at kahuanaville, but didn't want to eat there.  We did enjoy Canter's deli though.  They have a mexican restaurant and cowboy bar, but the yelp ratings are so poor that we skipped those too.  The casino itself isn't that bad, though it's a little dark.  The "drink girls" don't come by as often as I got used to at the Venetian.  The people at the front desk aren't as nice of higher end hotels either.  I guess the staff just got on my nerves a lot that weekend.  So we'll stay if we don't have to pay, but will most likely stay elsewhere for better service and a larger room.
The three stars could've been four...if we didn't wait and hour and twenty minutes to check-in. Honestly, it was like waiting for a Disneyland ride to check-in with the convoluted snaking line we stood in. When we first got in line (that was enormously long already), there were only three people checking guests in, which was entirely baffling for us guests and extremely irritating, especially considering we drove 10 hours to get there. When we did finally make it to the counter, check-in was quick, painless, and friendly. I just could not get over that ridiculous wait!. . The re-model did them well. The room we had was comfortable and decorated well. Everything was clean, and had all of the amenities you would expect from a hotel room. Solid  room for the price.. . I'd return, but I'm quite fearful of having to wait in that line again.
The rooms are not bad.  Everything is nicer since the remodeling. Staff is pretty friendly. Not one of my favorites, but nice none the less. Free pirate show  isn't bad.!
This hotel has a few things going for it, decent prices and pretty nice decor in the rooms.  The location on the strip is unbeatable. HOWEVER, don't classify yourself as a 4 star hotel when you don't even provide toothpaste!!! What kind of crap is that.  I'm addition don't expect to get great service from the front desk clerks.  What you will get is dry mediocre personalities that look miserable at there job!. . Just leave and walk to the hotels nearby for true 4 star and above qualities!
We had two unpleasant experiences during our weekend stay at Treasure Island, only one of which the hotel had some element of control over. First, some drunk dude decided our hotel room was his at 5:30 in the morning and wouldn't stop knocking until security came and escorted him to his correct room, which they did in a timely manner. Second, the hotel was without hot water one morning, and a cold shower is NOT what you want to step into when you've got a massive hangover. The front desk didn't offer much in the way of an explanation for this, but it was fixed within an hour or so, I believe. Very frustrating, but ultimately harmless.. . The hotel room itself was nice enough, spacious by Vegas standards. Our standard queen room actually felt bigger than the comparable room at the Bellagio, which surprised me. The casino is large, with plenty of slots and table games with the standard strip odds and minimums. I didn't gamble while there, so I can't hold an unnecessary grudge against it. One downside I did notice: the hotel elevators are in the middle of one of the main casino thoroughfares, so you basically have to fight through a crowd every time you go to/from your room. I feel like that's nit-picky, but other strip hotels have slightly better spacial planning.. . The biggest plus for me was TI's location. Since it's at the very north end of the strip, you can bypass a LOT of strip congestion and traffic when you stay here, which ultimately means more time for gambling, drinking, and general Vegas debauchery!. . I'd stay here again, but I'm not sure that it would be my first choice strip hotel.
I really teetered on this review between and 2-3 but this is the experience. I had stayed here about 10 years ago and was as impressed with our upgraded room as I was with the Bellagio. When I stayed this February I was not as impressed but here are the good things and you can decide. The rooms are clean, large and updated. This is probably one of the most important things to me in a hotel. I know people say "I'm just sleeping there" but your are doing a lot more there than sleeping. I don't want to sleep with creepy crawlies. Although they don't make the beds like they do in the picture, it's much more lackadaisical. It's OK. The bed are comfortable, very comfortable. The cleaning staff were great and friendly. The hotel is in a great location. They had great deals at the bar with good tequila at $5 a shot. OK the not so good stuff. The check in staff, eh, not what they used to be but there was a big line and it went quickly. They had a lot of people in the front. I don't know what they pay these people but I would hope it was enough to get there gear properly cleaned from stains and ironed. They looked kind of shabby. Like its been said before, not a lot to do in the hotel. Couldn't win a thing but hey, its the strip. OK, whats with the girls in bikinis at the tables. It wasn't even attracting anyone. Not trying to be mean but they weren't exactly the bathing beauty types. I mean, if you have to do your job in a bathing suit, and a bad bathing suit at that, you should probably look the part. I'm not even talking so much body type as these girls couldn't even get makeup on or do their hair. It kind of cheapened what I had originally thought of this place. Like the place is getting desperate for players. I just loooooked awaaaayyy. None of the bad things were enough to give a bad review. Again, the rooms were so good it was worth the stay for me. Oh, one more thing. I almost forgot. This kind of pissed me off. They do not have free wi-fi. Jesus Christ! McDonald's has free wi-fi. Still waiting for a call back from billing that had a FULL mailbox. huh? No one can tell me what the resort fee is for? I was on the phone with them for 30 minutes transferred like 7 times. We will see.
3 star. Everything was average. After they remodeled the rooms, I kind of enjoyed staying here better. One thing I really like about this hotel is the location. It is close to everywhere like Mirage, Wynn, Palazzo and Venetian. . So if anyone is looking for an average price, service, but convenient location this place is it.
Not bad, not great. For what you pay you don't get much. Tables are not cheap and bars are only okay.
always a good fall back.  clean, comfortable, not toooooo smoky, and is in a good location for foodies.
Stayed here not by choice. This was the hotel booked by the outing of my friends. I prefer the Venetian or Mandalay from past experience. Despite that, the basic queen suite rooms were nice. Decent view of the strip, and it felt more upscale then most of the casino's in the same price range.. . I would honestly rate T.I. four stars. Except for one little thing. I know all the kids these days are charging a "resort fee." Most places are $10-15 depending. T.I adds an extra $30 resort fee onto your room price every night. They don't advertise this, unless your a super lawyer and actually read the 37th paragraph of the terms and conditions when booking online.. . T.I. is alright if your looking for a mid-strip casino, just expect to pay what you would at the Venetian, without the same service.. . Also, they add tax to the resort fee. That's just embarrassing.
Nothing exciting but suitable accommodations if you get a good deal on the price. Clean room, decent maid service. It being close to Wynn is good if you're going to the clubs there which are some of my favs. . . Even though I prefer fancier digs when I'm on vaca if the price is right I'd stay again.
Pretty good hotel. We werent in the room much. We were mostly there to eat becsuse of the good coupons they give you. Kahunaville and Senor Frogs are the best. The buffett not so much!! Pirate show is cool not really for kids. Overall good for the price. A plus fo me it was so close to Fashion Show Mall!! I would go back just to get coupons for kahunaville....lol!
It's just a casino, we were there for a conference.  I must say though, they had a lot of elevators, but didn't seem like all of them were working!  For al l the people that was in the meeting!  We shouldn't have had to wait minutes for an elevator.  I know they had at least 12!  Also the bathroom.  When it was time for a break, on that floor all they had was 1 bathroom.  Our break was only 15 min.  The line was out the door. I had to wait for an elevator, and try and find another restroom which of course which was in the opposite side of the casino.  But there wasn't a line, and I got back to my meeting on time!
Came here to eat at Senior Frogs which I didn't like. Years ago my mother used to work for TI and it was a really nice casino and the pirate show was always super cool ...never got tired of seeing that show. . . Now the place looks really dated and not very well kept and I have been told they stopped the pirate show some time ago now its girls dancing??? Clearly they aren't reinvesting much in keep this place a destination place.
This was my first stay at a hotel/casino in Vegas. And I haven't been in Vegas in eight years. But I had a couple of friends that were more interested in enjoying each other's company and laughing at the ridiculousness of the place. So off I went.. . We had adjoining rooms, one with a king bed an the other with two queens. The beds were comfortable and soft, leaving me rested for long evenings of silliness and debauchery. The rooms were minimally, but tastefully, decorated and the bathrooms were huge. Other than the safe and refrigerator, there were few extra amenities. But, given that we were getting both rooms for dirt cheap prices (two rooms for two nights: under 200 dollars total), I can't complain too much. The household staff kept the rooms tidy and there were no early morning interruptions (particularly annoying when you have the "Do Not Disturb" sign up.). . Anyway, living in California, I've become used to all buildings being smoke free...which obviously is not the case in Vegas. The air filtration system certainly helped. But there was also a fragrance they add to hotel casino to cover up the smell of smoke. This was a bit of an annoyance, as the smell nauseated me: kind of sickly sweet vanilla marshmallow. Yuck. . . I have a feeling that if I go to Vegas with the same people I'm likely to stay here again...but were I to get a similar deal I'd definitely try someplace else.
Great location for shopping, shows and dining in Vegas.  The room was just o.k. but who spends time in your room.  This really is a good hotel for a good vegas value.  I loved the view looking down the strip from our room.
All of the highs of previous reviews, none of the lows. There's much ado over the resort fee, but at the time of our April 2013 stay that fee was optional. I suggest travelers call TI ahead of time, as I did, and get that written in blood. . Our check-in was speedy, our room was lovely and our bed was luxurious. Wasn't impressed with the casino itself, and the buffet was just all right, but "The Coffee Shop" was surprisingly good. My husband and I had the most exquisite 3 AM sundaes of our lives there. . All in all, a lovely stay.
Everyone we met was kind, polite, and slightly inept. When we checked in (and paid the resort fee, which it looks like all the other reviewers have mentioned) and the man at the check in desk offered to switch us from a room with two queens to one king--which was amazing. . . The "inept" part came that night.  At 3am, maid staff came into the room--because our neighbors had called room service. So if you don't want someone waking you up in the middle of the night, don't be ashamed to hang the "do not disturb" sign up, and hope for the best. . . The beds are comfortable, the rooms are decently sized (we were pleasantly surprised). The gym (included in your resort fee) was decent. The pool was nice, but crowded, and not particularly child friendly (although if you're with your kids in Las Vegas, racy songs at the pool is probably the least of your concerns). If you're planning on going to the pool, go early to get a chair. . . The bars at TI weren't terrible great, so I recommend heading outside the casino for your drinks, unless you're using the coupons you get given when you pay the resort fee.
We got this room for 56.  The clerk gave us a huge room with a king bed and on the  34th floor with a great view of the strip & pool below. Pluses the bed & pillows were like sleeping on a cloud. Minuses, the technology, the clerk wrote down the wrong room #. The guy in this room was not happy, when he opened the door to find us trying to get into his room. When we got to the right room the card key didn't work. Then I had to call the front desk 2 x to get the wireless Internet to work.
I've never been inside of the TI, but I recently watched the show out front last night. I brought my in-laws since they were in town. . . The show is a whole lot racier than I remember when I first came to Vegas. The music, the fire, the ships - they are a lot of fun (and I'm not trying to be a prude) and it's sounded like an attraction safe for kids - but if I were a mom, I certainly wouldn't be bringing my children there. :/
Yelp 100 Challenge * 77/100. . T.I. fans, please don't hate me for this.. . In all honesty, Treasure Island would rank at the lower end of my hotels and resorts preference on The Strip. Why?. . First and foremost, unlike the rest of the casinos that give off a pleasing aroma with but a faint whiff of cigarette smoke (Bellagio, Caesar's palace to name a few - Quad is an exception), you are greeted with blast of strong, uninvited smell of a science experiment gone wrong the moment you open those T.I. entrance doors. I remember my mom unable to handle the smell of the casino that she requested I take her out for some fresh air. Vicks Vaporub to the rescue! . . It was almost as if T.I. management intentionally chose the heavy scent to cover up the cigarette smell (which I felt was sticking to the carpets!) only to have them both mix up in all the wrong ways. Arrr! Alright, let's look on the bright side. Maybe it's part of the pirate theme?. . Also, parents out there, take heed. The FREE pirate show that plays nightly is NOT for kids. I've seen parents carrying their young toddlers over their shoulders with a hesitant smile one too many times. Expect canon ball blasts, fire shooting out of the walls and suggestive dance movements. Once was really more than enough for me, but I wouldn't stop myself from taking peeps here for a visit. . . Only giving this a 3 because the show is free, or else, I would've stuck with 2.
There was a time many years ago when I thought Treasure Island was great...not anymore. It's just another hotel/casino now. Since we don't gamble and only go to attend reunions and to see shows, going to the casino is not our number choice of activity. But we have to go through it to go from one activity to another.  What an awful experience -- the casino area looked so dirty. Some slot machines were placed on what should have been walking paths. Very confusing set-up.. . Our room was decent enough -- glad they switched to crisp white linens. And we had a view. Would have loved to have had a coffee maker, though. Such a little thing but would have gone a long way to appreciating this place. . . Ate at the Coffee Shop --- surly wait staff. Tried the buffet. So-so meal. Couldn't find anything I could rave about. The fish was dry. The lobster ravioli was tasteless. Sauce wasn't great.  Tried other things, but couldn't get excited about the choices.. . Went around to other casinos and can see a huge difference between first class and second rate. Sadly, TI falls in the latter category. As they say, you get what you pay for.
We came here during holiday seasons.. . Horrible long line when we arrived around 4:00pm; People are sitting on the floor and all over the place. After 30min wait time we decided to leave and come back at night time. . . We went shopping and dinner around the city and ended up checking in at 11:00pm at night; there was no body there waiting. The gentleman at the check-in desk was very friendly and nice; he even upgraded us to a nicer room that has spa bathtub without extra charges. However, the room was extremely smelly; I guess people were smoking inside and party with a lot of people (stinks).. . The bed was somewhat comfy, didn't have any issue sleeping for the night; I liked how they have many options in television channels. They have channels for American, Chinese, Vietnamese, etc. . . When we checked out the other day, we experienced long line again; luckily there was a key drop-off box. Another thing we didn't like is their parking lot, it's 3 miles away from the front lobby! Not to mention when we have heavy luggage; we spent almost 20min one way to get our car. They should have designed a better system for their customers; perhaps a shuttle between lobby and parking lots.
Booked a room at TI for a busy weekend back in late June. Arrived at the hotel around 4:00 and was greeted with a fairly lengthy check-in line. Luckily, the line moved fairly quickly and we were quickly checked-in within 10 - 20 min. . . The hotel was overbooked so we were upgraded to a suite at no charge, which was a sweet deal. They upgraded us to a Petite Suite, which had 2 bathrooms and one bedroom/living room area. The room itself was pretty nice, with a jacuzzi tub (her bath) and stand-alone shower (his bath). The suite had a lot of underutilized space - it was basically just one big room with two bathrooms. . . Our room was located in the central portion of the tower, which leads to the various wings of the hotel - conveniently close to the elevators and ice machine. This location, however, had one major disadvantage - the noise. Who knew people could be so loud in hotel hallways... The walls and door must be paper thin because I could hear every conversation fairly clearly from within my room. The noise situation alone knocks two stars off of TI, which is otherwise a nice hotel, with a good location, and is a relatively good value.
Stayed at Treasure Island to attend a conference at The Venetian.  It's super easy to gt there from TI.  Desk staff (Hi Jon from Paris) was very friendly and efficient.  The rooms are much nicer than I expected for the price we paid.  A refrigerator in the room was an awesome find.  I am staying at Exclibur in a couple of months for another event, and they charge $25/day if you need a refrigerator (even for insulin).  Real nice.. . Anyway, TI was great, one exception, there is almost no wi-fi connectivity in room 0570.  If that's important to you, mention it upon checkin so they put you more towards the center of the building.  The desk staff kindly changed my room after informing me they would probably not be able to give me connectivity where I was.  It was nice they found me a solution; they should have offered to help me move my stuff which took two trips down to the casino and then back up a different bank of elevators to the 18th floor...  Not super fun at 1:30 AM.  Still, I would stay there again.. . Another thing, the food in the coffee shop is good, but if you try to get something to go after hours, the only thing they will sell you is dessert.  I said, "But if I sit down and order and ask for a box when it arrives, that's okay?"  They did not like that, but they obliged.  I hate senseless policies like that.
If you are here with family and small children, it's probably not a good idea to reserve a room at Treasure Island because they may be smoke sensitive. My family specifically reserved a non smoking room yet we received a smoking room. You could tell by just entering the hallway, they try to mask the smoke smell with some air freshener. The room is decent but the bottom-line is they did not meet what we reserved.
A bit pricey, but a classic Vegas experience. I'd go elsewhere to eat/drink. Abysmal service - particularly at Senior Frogs.
TI a decent place to stay at for cheap on the strip. The rooms are pretty basic, but it seems like they renovated it since everything looked pretty nice. The beds here were more comfy than I expected. It's definitely not even close to the top-tier hotels on the strip, but you can't expect much when you're paying $150 per night... . . The only good thing is that if you are on a budget, this place is located right across from The Venetian and Palazzo and down the street from Encore and Wynn. For me personally, I don't need a nice room in Vegas since the whole point of being in Vegas is to be out and enjoying everything and not be stuck in your room. If you are planning on spending a good amount of time in the room, I suggest you check out Palazzo or go down the street to The Cosmo or Paris. Overall, I do like TI when I consider the location and the price.
We went here recently because we got a great deal on the rooms through Groupon.  The only other time I had been in Vegas, we stayed at the Venetian which is not the fairest of comparisons given that they are catering to a different crowd.  All around, I was very pleased with Treasure Island.  . . First off, the staff is great.  When we checked in we reminded the guy helping us that there would be three of us staying and so we would be paying a bit extra.  He told us that he appreciated our honesty because most people do not tell them that and comped the extra person: honesty is its own reward I suppose.  Also, the concierge was very helpful and friendly when we talked to her about maps.  The cleaning staff was good as well, though we couldn't seem to get clean glasses very often, which is usually a problem in hotels at any rate.  . . The room itself was pretty nice.  It looks like TI might have recently gone through a bit of updating as a lot of the room looked relatively new.  Our room had a good view of the Strip though the window was pretty small.  The beds were comfortable, the bathroom updated and large.  For the price we were paying it was a good room, though not as nice as what you'd find at a place like the Venetian or Bellagio.  . . The casino floor is pretty bland and the table games never came down below $10 dollars while we were there.  I know that that is pretty standard but Harrah's had some $5 Blackjack and Roulette to pull you in.  The restaurant selection was also underwhelming and we ate out most evenings.  We did try the buffet because we had vouchers and while it was decent, it doesn't even begin to compare to some of the higher end ones at places like the Wynn.  . . It's hard to beat for the location and the price;definitely worth a second visit though I think it'll be a long time before I go back to Vegas.  My curiosity has been satiated and there are many more interesting places to go.
I just got back from TI this weekend. The rooms were acceptable, clean, cold AC a plus. I stayed with friends , bought three rooms on the same floor. Next day rented Cabana, poolside, great drinks, $$$,food good! Cabana servers, smoke'n bodies. Great DJ!. never duplicated songs in 6 hrs, 12-6p. Pool was cold, but, when laying out for hrs at 104 degrees cold pool is necessary. . friendly people. PHO'S  restaurant was good quality, but, as everywhere on the strip,$$$.   At the tables, I liked Blackjack, I literally had my vaca  paid for ... until . the next day ... fatal flaw playing in the same casino the next day.(there just chips).   Now for the con....                                   I received 2-1 coupons for the Buffet, which made it very attractive,  There was so much wrong with this place I'll try to keep it short.. You really get what you pay for .. food quality was poor.the only things I liked where baked beans, cornbread, and theses petite steaks were OK. everything else was overcooked, dry, or old. even the coffee was Jet-fuel. (MGM buffet was GREAT, next day).        Overall a good stay, just skip the buffet!. I have to add a PS. . across the street from Treasure Island is a Walgreen's where your can really take advantage of savings. Bring up snacks and liquor back to your room and save  a fortune... just Don't try to sneak the liquor out to the Pool. They search everyone!
Treasure Island is definitely not the classiest of hotels to stay at, but I find myself tolerating it because of the location. It's a short walk across the bridge from Venetian and right in between Encore/Wynn and Caesars.... . The reason why I stay here a lot is bc if you have a TI players club, they comp rooms like nothing. Free rooms in Vegas?? Why the hell not. Save your money on other things like gambling, food and SHOPPING!. . The room itself is decent. I can actually relax and sleep without second guessing myself about how sketchy or gross the room is. It's decently clean inside and the bathroom is actually a decent size. It doesn't feel cramped inside which is okay especially when it's free. Can't complain right??. . I think the biggest downfall of TI is the poor selection of restaurants. Nothing good to eat when I stay here. I'm always walking across the street to Venetian or Palazzo for lunch and driving other restaurants for dinner. . . Gambling on the other hand is a hit or miss. I'm a big craps player and the craps table is not that great. Kinda depressing actually. The slot machines on the other hand are realllyy generous and good. If you play it right, you can win pretty big here. . . Overall, this place is okay. If they keep offering the free rooms, I'll stay here with no problems. The best thing about TI is actually their mystere show!! If you're looking for a good Cirque du Soleil show go check out their mystere show! You'll be impressed! Out of all the shows I've watched in Vegas, I'm still impressed with the mystere show!!
Great rooms!! I love the fact they upgraded their rooms to make it more modern. I have't been here in many years and I was happily impress with their upgrades.. . I didn't realize they were their own casino for the last 3 years. They have their own players card.. . The guy that checked us in was very friendly and informed us that if you book thru another source (Priceline.com) you can op out of the resort fee...good to know!. . The only reason this place got a 3 instead of 4 is due to the room service staff. We tried to order something to eat and the person who answer the phone the first time was rude by laughing at what I wanted to get (soup with some bread). I was very upset with the lack of customer service. I cannot believe she was like that on the phone to a guest...I know now I wont ever order room service, I'll just go somewhere and eat
Pretty much your average, good but not fabulous Vegas Hotel and Casino.  The check in process went well, fast and efficient.  The rooms were nice, a good size and clean.  I believe they have been recently redone.  Our hallway was kind of dirty, it had a few areas that were never cleaned during the weekend.  Casino area was well maintained.  You can take a tram from TI to the Mirage.
Good for the price. . This hotel is okay. Clean, friendly, and has all the amenities needed. Also, has an empty small refrigerator in the rooms for use (some 5 star hotels don't have this which is a plus). Also, Wifi comes with room, no limit on # of users like Planet Hollywood. . I would stay here again. . The only problem is if you mind the smell of smoke, you wouldn't like to walk through the casino. While most casino allow smoking, somehow the smell of smoke is more potent in this casino. Other than that everything was A-OK.
I've stayed at the TI twice. It's really nothing crazy and does not meet the extravagant and above and beyond hotels in Vegas. They are far less expensive than the typical 5 star hotel price. During non-peak days, you can find a room for $50. . . I really don't like the pool at TI. It's very small and it's cheesy. There is no theme carried on in the pool area unlike other Vegas hotels. However, the rooms are nice for the most part. They are in the small side, but still feel a bit luxurious... As luxurious as $50 in Vegas can get. . . The buffet sucks so don't even bother. The coffee shop (24 hour restaurant) is okay if you like diner type food that's over priced.. Especially for watered down coffee. The Venetian has a much better 24 hour restaurant. . . It's a beautiful thing that they have a Starbucks right inside... Except the prices are doubled. . . Casino isn't my favorite... And the Gillys bar looks a bit... Downgraded. . . Overall, it's a good place to stay if you want a clean room and to be close to the fashion show mall, the Venetian, and Encore/Wynn hotels. Other than your hotel room, there are far more exciting hotelsto see in Vegas.
Pros: Pretty cheap, even including the "resort charge" they push on you at the last minute. I liked the pool, and the DJ that was there every day was good. Maybe because it's so cheap, Treasure Island seems to attract a younger, trendier crowd than a lot of Vegas hotels, so that was nice. In most parts of the world you have to pay good money to watch young women in bikinis dancing like that.. . Cons: As mentioned above, they shove a $28/room "resort fee" on you when you go to check in (it's hidden in the small print when you book the room). For three rooms for three nights, this amounted to quite a substantial unexpected fee. The rooms are nice enough, but don't have fridges or coffee-making facilities. Also, the internet in the rooms was pretty terrible. We never got wi-fi working in our room, and the tech guy wasn't allowed to come into the room when we weren't there, so we ended up using wired internet rather than spend our vacation waiting in a room for tech support to show up. Another person in our party was 2 rooms down and his internet worked about 50% of the time we were there. But if you're not planning on using your room for much except sleeping in Vegas, the rooms aren't bad. The staff were helpful enough even if ultimately the wireless internet didn't get fixed.
I give this place a 3-star rating but I have to say I would likely never stay here again.  . . No, it's not because I've been spoiled staying at other places. In fact, TI is a very nice hotel...piping a warm vanilla scent (eerily reminiscent of a stripper) in their guest room hallways.. . The linens in the rooms appeared clean (to the naked eye).  We still made sure to rinse out the glasses as a result of the horror stories you hear about maids using furniture polish to clean them.  TV could have been a tad bigger and the window was very small, effectively shrinking our wonderful strip view.. . I wouldn't come back here because of two things:  The astronomical prices of food in the Vietnamese side of their diner and their valet parking.. . Diner:  One can argue Hey, it's in a hotel.  It's supposed to be expensive.  I get it...I totally do and that's what I told hubby when we stopped by one evening.  But the more I thought about it, the more unjust it seemed to charge 100% more for a bowl noodles just because it's in a hotel.  Le'ts keep in mind - this is the hotel DINER.  Not some fancy restaurant or gastronomic interpretation of pho.  It's just straight up pho.. . Valet:  About 75% of the time we approached the valet desk, there was no one there.  A couple times, there were a few of us, holding our tickets, looking around for who can help bail our cars out of what could potentially be a very sneaky way of perpetrating grand theft auto.  When we checked out, there was consistently about 100 people in the waiting area.  For the 45 minutes that we waited there, I realized there were only 3 VALET GUYS.  (Oh yeah, and no one was taking tickets when I first showed up.).  There would be 5-10 minute lulls when there were NO cars being pulled up.  . . The percentage breakdown of why I wouldn't go back to TI is about 30% Diner and 70% Valet.  This might not matter to many people, especially if you're used to just taking taxis but it just seemed like an easily overlooked yet potentially frustrating service deficiency in a hotel.
Nice place, fun, decent location as far as the strip goes. I wish there was a coffee maker in the room, instead I had to travel 40 floors down and through the casino floor to get to a restraint that served it. Lame. No refrigerator either which is lame. My biggest beef was the sneaky deceptive charge of 25.00 per day hidden fees that they hit your card with. So they may tell you its 85.00 per room or whatever your fees may be but rest assured you WILL be charged 25 per day on top of normal fees. Annoying. I do like this Hotel but I will try another one next time
We got the TV special.  It included the Cirque Du Soleil Mystere and the 2 for 1 deal for the buffet.  . . First disappointment was the show for Mystere does not play on Thursdays  nor Fridays.  (We called in several times about the showing and neither times did they tell us there was no showing on Thursdays or Fridays) . . The buffet was not good at all!! So not sure if that was a deal or not. . . Restroom - the sinks, toilet and bath are all in one room.  It would of been nice if the sinks were separate.. . Overall -  I guess it was an okay hotel to stay especially if you want to be on the strip.
My three friends and I got a room during I Heart Radio weekend so the hotel pricing everywhere was ridiculous. We first got 1 king bed and when we went to the counter, we asked for two twins which was perfect. However, they added a $60 fee that everyone had to be charged. I dont know the exact reason but that sucks. The room was alright and had the basic necessities but it definitely is not some luxury hotel. The demographics of peoplewho stay here are all old people haha so we definitely did not fit in. I think all the hip people go to Planet Hollywood like we did last time.. . That weekend, we ended up being near MGM during the day and nighttime on Saturday and Sunday daytime so we just paid for taxi so many times. We should have stayed around that area so just make sure that whatever clubs or buffets you hit up, it is close to where you stay so you dont have to taxi all the time. You can walk to Caesars Palace for Serendipitys and buffet from Treasure and it is about a 15-20 minute walk, which is totally doable if you are only going for food and you need to walk it off. I really think Planet Hollywood was an ideal location because it had the mall, Fat Tuesday, and 24 hour Earls. Treasure has the Coffee Shop that is 24 hours but not as good as Earls. . . **TIPS**. 1) Cheaper than the other places but not the super best location on the strip.. 2) If you plan on going to XS, this is walking distance so no taxi needed!. 3) Hotel guests arent the hottest and hippest but it will do.. 4) Enjoy!
OK
Treasure Island is a good-priced option to stay on the strip.  Rooms are pretty nice although not as lavish as you'd find at more upscale hotels.  We stayed in a room that had a partial strip view but unfortunately also had a view of the pool which made for some loud thumping in the morning despite us being on the 15th floor.  Beds were super comfortable, though!  Oh - also, if you come in late, they do not guarantee that you get your original room choice, boo on that.  We had asked for a room with two double beds and instead ended up with one that only had a king.. . The casino interior is a bit outdated and they have yet to abandon their pirate theme for the generic 'we're so fancy' theme that all the other hotels go for these days.  In any case, I have no complaints - I have stayed here several times in the past and will definitely stay here again when I'm looking to do a more budget Vegas trip.
This is a review of the upper floors (36) which I'm told are much nicer than the lower floors. I can imagine. The room, while not as big as Venetian or Palazzo or Wynn etc was still very nice.. . The place seemed upgraded with new furniture and had enough space. Not like the cramped rooms at New York, New York.. . The casino itself is alright and the location is good. Unless you're walking to the Cosmo. Then it's a little far. It could use a few better restaurants but other than that, I'd stay here again. On the 36th floor.
Time for a review update.  The main thing this place has going for it right now is it's location.  If you're in town for aconvention at the Venetian/Palazzo, it's a cheap option for staying near the Sands Expo and Convention Center.  Room rates are generally 1/2 of the price of the Venetian/Palazzo.. . We stayed here twice this past year for conventions we were attending and the only place we went to at the hotel was Gilley's for country/western music & dancing.  The rest of the property is not too exciting....by Vegas standards.. . We've seen Mystere half a dozen times so there's no real incentive to watch it again.. . The rooms are just ok, nothing special.  Keep your expectations realistic.  Hopefully, the property doesn't decline any further as it's already 20 yrs old now.  As long as they remain a cheap alternative for rooms during conventions, we'll keep coming back from time to time.. . Return Factor - 60%
There is nothing special about the hotel here... and no reason to come here, but to watch Mystere. They have now officially closed down the pirate show in front of the hotel in favor of opening up some more generic drugstores and that sort along the front. I wasn't a big fan of the hotel before... but I liked the ORIGINAL pirates fighting show. I lost more interest in this hotel when they "sexified" up the show to become "Sirens of TI"... a show with a bunch of half naked girls dancing and singing... with too many sexual innuendos to be a free family show.... . I have never actually stayed in the rooms here, so I cannot comment of the quality of their rooms... but my favorite hotel is Venetian/Palazzo, so my standards may be higher than others.. . As far as the hotel and casino itself... it is VERY stuffy. They spray this scent in the hotel, that I guess is to help cover up the smoke smells... but is is WAY too strong and makes it hard to breath because the scent actually practically suffocates you, especially with the low ceilings. I hate walking into the hotel because of that. The hotel itself looks outdated on the inside. . . I don't know how good their players card rewards are as I only play where I'm loyal to to maximize my rewards... but I do not have enough interest in this hotel to "invest" in it. They have a tiny arcade hidden in the back... I remember as a kid coming here and it actually had a midway area... all that is gone now. . . Now that I've seen Mystere here... and that the pirate show is gone. I have no real reason to come to this hotel...
Stayed at a deluxe room (no strip view) on Wednesday night. We got $35 price for the room, very nice! Yet, the resort fee ($25, plus resort fee tax!) is ridiculous! Our total came out to nearly $70, gee! We did not use in-room wi-fi, nor the gym, nor the printing services. When we tried using our 2-for-1 buffet voucher the next morning, we were told they weren't accepting it due to the Thanksgiving holiday! What the heck!!!?? Of course we did not eat there; no way I'm paying regular price for a mediocre buffet. We also got a 2-for-1 cocktail voucher, which we redeemed at Senor Frogs there. Very weak margaritas and did not enjoy the hip-hop music; we left right away to go for a walk on the strip. . . Now, the room (on the upper floors). I enjoyed the view, though it wasn't strip view room. We were still able to see the north end of the strip. Nice view of the mountains. I enjoyed the plush bed. The bathroom is nice. The in-room toiletries are great, from the spa there. I read reviews about the nearby train being too loud. Yes, it is loud, but I didn't mind that noise too much. I did hear a couple loud people out in the hallway throughout the night; I also didn't mind that. Heck, it's drunken Vegas! :) . . We did see the Mystere Cirque Du Soleil show that night. Awesome!! First Cirque Du Soleil show we see and we truly enjoyed every second of it.
Pricey restaurants with average food. However, nice location and clean rooms.
It's ok. One of the more tacky casinos but it has it's redeeming factors. More $10 tables and some of the tables have bikini-clad women dealing.. It has a cowboy bar and a Senor Frog's so it's pretty much the spot to go to if you are an immature college brat with a fake ID.
Compared to the more updated hotels and casino, treasure island isn't as glamerous and nice. It has a nice location if you plan on going to Xs that night, and has the shopping mall nearby. . . The room I stayed at was nothing special, just a standard size hotel room that didn't really stand out in anyway. The casino floor had this peculiar smell to it, so it needs some renovation work to be done. The tables are normally around $10 minimum. . . If you're on a budget, then this place would be okay. If you can spend a little more money (and you're in Vegas, so this option should be available to most people unless you're in college or something), then I would stay elsewhere.
This is not a review of a room, but a visitor's review:. . There is really no reason to come here unless you're staying here for some reason.  It looks cool outside, in the Siren's Cove area there are ships you can look at, but they don't do the Siren's Cove shows outside anymore, so there's nothing to really attract you to this hotel.  Inside they hardly tried to continue the pirate theme so there's nothing to look at.  No statues of Blackbeard or Jack Sparrow, just some windows attached to the ceiling for some reason haha.  The casino is nothing special and I'm not even sure if it's well managed because one of the supervisor's is completely clueless to her surroundings - I stopped her to ask her a question while she was holding an envelope full of money and counting it right in front of me while we were right next to the door!  If I were a criminal I could've easily snatched it and ran, so unprofessional.  The only reason to come here is to see Mystere, which was amazing, and if you're watching that I recommend eating somewhere first.
