We tried the Hell's kitchen burger. It was not that good. I was expecting more flavor. . Fries were too garlicky. Service was fast and they made sure we always have full glass drink.
I am a huge fan of Gordon Ramsey. I have to say this was a very disappointing experience. Food was mediocre. Service was not great.  Not at all what I would expect from Gordon. One word to sum it up would be OVERRATED!!!
I had the beef burger which had an odd flavor.  My son had the Shepard's Pie which was cold under the potatoes and again with a strange flavor.  I'm not sure if there is a herb that they use in the meat but it's very off putting.   The servings are small and the small plate is more like a bite.  Service was good but it's to expensive for what you get.  I would probably go again for a beer at the bar since there is an amazing selection of beers and the pretzels are delicious!
I always keep an open mind when trying a new place. Especially having tried Gordon Ramsay Steak and loving it. With that said we were greeted by a cute chatty hostess to show us to our table. I liked the staffs outfits, dark wood decor and barrels stacked to create a wall between the bar and restaurant but I hated our table. The location was fine, but it was a high top with backless stools, I felt like a little kid and never felt comfortable. Request a booth, they look so comfy. We got food menus right away but had to wait for the drink menu, they brought us some water ( which wasn't the tastiest tap water) while we passed the one drink menu iPad around deciding what to drink. Doug was the only one getting a specialty cocktail, the Pub Crawl. It was light and tasty, I'd recommend it, he ended up getting a second one later. . I had my heart set on a Scotch Egg but I noticed it wasn't on the menu, once we finally made our minds up on food I asked our waiter about the Scotch Egg, he said it's on the pub menu and offered to get us one. We waited and waited, when he finally came back, he asked if we were ready to order,  again I asked about the pub menu, he apologized and got us one within a minute. He seemed to discourage us from most things on the pub menu, not sure why? But I ended up getting the Scotch Egg which was very disappointing, it wasn't greasy, had a nice crunch but the sausage was dry and very spicy which overwhelmed the egg and I didn't care for dipping it in the hp sauce. I had one at another gastropub in town and it was tremendously better than Gordon's. . We had also received their free bread service which included 3 different pretzel bites and a rye roll with pots of butter and cheese. Having 4 people at our table I think we should've gotten 2 but we all shared so we could have a bit of everything. They were all very good, I would order it if it wasn't complimentary. One thing we thought was strange was we didn't get bread plates to eat our bread or share the apps. Very messy.. When ordering our entrees, Doug was unsure on what to get and tried to get some help from the waiter, but it was one of those scenarios where they say everything is good but push the most expensive choice, not very helpful.. Our entrees came not too long after our apps and bread. Crowding our already small table, they never removed the Scotch Egg dish. There was a Pork Belly Roll, the Lamb T-Bone, and 2 of us got the Fish and Chips. We sampled each dish. The Pork belly was very moist and tender but it didn't have much else going on. The lamb was okay but nothing special, I didn't taste any of the mint jus that was suppose to be present, the mustard on the side was strong with horseradish but it was good. The Fish was tender and not greasy with a decent crunch but it wasn't anything special either, I've had better fish and chips at an English pub in town. The "chips" were way too big, not crispy at all, I didn't like them. The mushy peas were really nice and fresh tasting though. I couldn't finish one of fish pieces so asked for it to packed up, I think in higher end places the waiter should box it for you, but maybe that's just me. I had to box it myself.  . We couldn't leave with out getting the Sticky Toffee Pudding for dessert. It was really good. Sweet, moist, gooey, some crispy spots all with a side of sweet cream ice cream. Yum.. Thus far my impression was poor service, don't waste your time on an entree here (IMO go to his steakhouse instead), seems like a good spot for drinks, small bites/apps, and dessert. I have to say they were nice enough to allow us to hang out for awhile after dinner, they warned us they were closing for a private event so the place cleared out fast around us but let us stay til the last minute before they had to have everything ready. We were also well supplied with water, even though we had already paid and tipped. . . For the prices and name on the door, I was disappointed. Gordon, say it ain't so!
Seated quickly, but restaurant was relatively empty on that day of week. Service was great, quick to take our order and service our needs, but the waiter telling me his favorites while ordering each & every course was somewhat unnecessary. I ordered fish & chips and my friend ordered shepherds pie. Both were good, but definitely not the best I've had. I expected the cost to be on the high end based on it was a GR restaurant, but the portion sizes were relatively small for their costs. We basically felt like we needed to order dessert just to fill our bellies.  I wasn't crazy disappointed, but I suppose I expected more from a Gordon Ramsay branded establishment. My friend whom I went with had been to his other new spot BURGR and enjoyed it, and I've been to the other one STEAK and enjoyed that, so I guess I had higher expectations for this one as well.
I found this place to be pretty average. Went in on a Monday afternoon about three o'clock and it was nearly completely full. We squeezed in at the bar and had the lamb burger and a beer. It was all perfectly fine, but there wasn't anything special about it. Plus, I had a far superior lamb burger the next day at Ri-Ra in Mandalay Place. And it came with sweet potato tots!. . Gordon Ramsay was packed with conventioneers and as a result, the service was a little slow and it took the food a while to come out. Plus the outfits the servers wear are a little ridiculous. So if you can deal with the crowds, GR's is OK enough. But it sure makes you miss Bradley Ogden, which used to occupy this space.
I came here for an early dinner so around 4:30 p.m. and I sat at the first bar and even though there were about 4 people behind the bar, not one person even greeted me for about 15 minutes.  They weren't even helping any of the other customers.  I finally just got up and went to the second bar and thankfully the guy behind the bar there was attentive.  I ordered the lamb burger with creamy goat cheese and it was delicious.  I also tried one of their specialty cocktails which involved Guinness and I think Kahlua and it was interesting.  The food was good but the service could really use some help.
I have now been to the Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill twice; once on New Years Eve and then again yesterday. My party and I were satisfied on NYE. The waitress was friendly and attentive and the food was incredible. However, my visit yesterday was mediocre at best. We had to ask twice to get out free pretzel/bread basket and it wasn't delivered until well after we received our entrees. Also, the food was not all delivered at the same time. I ordered the fish and chips, which you would think was the fastest to make (compared to the lamb and sliders), but I had to wait three or four minutes for my dish after the others were delivered. There were no complaints about the food, but we felt neglected.. . Tips:. - Make sure to make reservations on Open Table before hand. - If you have Total Rewards make sure to check the TR prices are charged on your bill. Both times I visited full price was charged. They also don't accept Ceasers TR F&B vouchers.. - I made the mistake of taking my parents here. The music was very loud, which I don't mind. However, it was difficult for my older parents to hear.. - As with most upscale restaurants, unless specified (eg Fish and Chips), the entrees don't include any sides. You have to order them separately.
This place fills up quick, so if you don't have a reservation either get here early or plan to wait - or both.  It's also very loud once you do get seated, having a conversation is nearly impossible.  Add to that the fact that I was sitting at a small table for two in an arm chair that belongs next to a fireplace putting the table at approximately the height of my armpits, it made for an uncomfortable dining experience logistically speaking.  Once I resigned myself to the fact that I could not fit in a booster seat and who has phone books to sit on anymore,  the food was really quite good.  I ordered the salmon which was cooked to perfection and my husband ordered the burger which was also very good.  The real star, however, was dessert.  We shared the pumpkin bread caramel layered thing (I cannot remember what it was called) and savored every last morsel.  Just don't order the cucumber vodka drink - it's not even worth remembering what it's called.  The Ramsay something-or-other.  That was $15 I'll never get back.
Dear Chef Ramsay, are we not worthy?  . . Gordon Ramsay's pub features tasty Americanized pub grub.  It's too bad because the British classics are so much better.. . The food.  Fish and chips.   Perfectly cooked, moist cod encased in a crisp crust.  Win!  The chips?  Excessively large, like fried baked potatoes.  They are fluffy and delicate in the middle.  Feminine chips!  A good, vegetal but sweet mushy peas complete the dish.. . The Sheppard pie, Americanized.  The addition of beef to the traditional lamb mellows flavor.  The dish is no longer rustic and earthy.  The fat and grease (hey, its flavor) in the stew is gone.  It's been  replaced with a buttery potato crust.  Either way, it goes to your butt.  Tasty yes, but it leaves you yearning.. . The pork belly roll is total pork heaven although much less fatty than the British counterpart.  Served simply in its own jus with roasted carrots and pea pure.  Done.. . Finally, the beef short rib and cheek sandwich; TRY THIS!  Juicy, tender short rib is combined with the sweet goodness of braised beef cheeks.  Served on sourdough, accented by the very earthy flavors from the horseradish aioli, roasted pepper jam and onion marmalade. Win!. . Passable selection of British beers that share space with butt wiper and the like.  High Vegas resort prices.. . The dining space is contemporary with a Disneyland feel.  It's a pub by decor not by the vibe of the guest you expect from a crowded, boisterous, friendly pub.  . . If you're wearing a t-shirt that says "I love Las Vegas" go right on in.  This is your kind of place.
I am a huge fan of GR food shows and feel, if Pub & Grill were on Kitchen Nightmares, there would be some needed changes.   Perhaps he is just collecting the check and isn't as close to how the restaurant is being run?. . While it wasn't a nightmare dining experience, it was disappointing because I know the hell GR puts other restaurants through.. . Misses:  French soup was not a soup but an onion stew.  Way overdone on the onions and the bread was burnt on the edges.. . Shepherd's Pie had greasy gravy instead of a well-developed flavorful, thick gravy.  . . The service was fast on delivering the food and drinks but slow on clearing plates, not getting the right entree in front of the right person (that has to be an expected from GR!?) and checking back in, not bringing malt vinegar automatically for fish & chips nor a lime for a vodka and tonic.. . Hits:  Atmosphere was fun, if a little loud.. . Mini Burger Sliders were small but tasty.. . Mashed potatoes on top of the shepherd's pie - so smooth and well executed.. . Fish for the fish and chips.  Pretty close to the real thing!. . Fairly varied drink/beer list.. . Expect the typical LV jacked up prices.  It would have almost been worth it if all had been executed in true GR fashion.
Came here for a quick bite to eat. We shared the Cesear salad, which was good, but drenched in dressing. We also got the sliders, which were good, but a little dry. . . They have  a decent beer selection, good service (even though the waitresses had some funky outfits), and a nice atmosphere. The food is average and a little on the heavy side, but not bad for a quick bite. . . If you have a TR card, you get a couple bucks off.
A big let down for me.  I ordered the burger with bacon.  The only thing good on that was the bacon.  Very little fat and crispy.  The burger was tasteless.  No spices at all.  Just meat flavoring.  Like buying some ground beef at the store.  Form it into a patty and cook it.  BLAH. . I thought the drinks might be better but also a disappointment.  I ordered a COKE and got a flat Pepsi.. . Where is the Gordon Ramsay standard?  Really wanted to slam my plate on the floor and say F&$# it!  At least the food wasn't RAW!. . The fries that came with the burger are giants size and thick.  But why do I only get 3 sticks?
Tried it out this past weekend with a few friends. The feel is sorta between a bar and a restaurant(duh hence the name), little dark, open air. Located inside Caesars Palace where Bradley Ogden used to be. As expected for such a spot, prices are a bit on the higher side, and like all other Caesar properties, slightly discounted(read as $1-2) prices for their Total Rewards cardholders. Had the shepherds pie. Very good. Our server seemed a bit slow. Took him awhile to greet us, refill waters etc. He brought out the complementary bread when we were in the middle of the meal. He did apologize about that. I heard good things about their desserts but didn't try any this visit, maybe next time. Woulda gaveit 4 stars but the service wasn't grade A. If the prices don't give you sticker shock and youre in Caesars Palace, it wouldnt be a bad place to try.
After a long car ride my bf and I came here for a late night bite to eat. I am a huge fan of Gorden Ramsey food shows and I was excited to try his restaurant. So I came here with high expectations. The environment is great and I loved the feel of this place. The hostesses and waiters were all dressed in new paper costumes. . . Food . First thing that came out was the hand made soft pretzel. The presentation was great  and it was good. I am not a big fan of pretzels but it was quite good. It came with a tray of spicy horse radish melted cheese and pub mustard or was it some sort of butter. . . Pork Belly: . This was surprisingly pretty good. The flavor was delicious it had a fatty, crispy, and just enough salty flavor. I recommend this dish for those who are not afraid of a fatty dish. . . I ordered the Beef Cheek Stew. The meat was very tender and it melted nicely as it was in my salivating mouth. It was a bit on the salty side and it came with only four pieces of potato fries. I wish there was a little more starch in here to help balance the saltness. . . Sticky Toffee Pudding: I read yelp reviews about this dessert and I am so glad that I ordered it because it was food orgasm in my mouth. It was a warm ooey gooeyyy toffee pudding with a scoop of vanilla ice cream YUMMAY. Highly recommend this. I would just come here just to eat this dessert again. . . Our server seemed to be tired or ready to clock out. He was not very attentive and did not really describe how to use the ipad to order drinks. Lucky, being computer  savvy we were able to figure it out. I also ordered their whiskey sour. It was eh okay. . Overall, the experience was nice but I guess I expected more because it was THE Gorden Ramsey. At least the place is clean, food was not over or under cooked, and the environment was great.
Gordon Ramsay is one of my favorite people ever!!!! So i hate to do this but we were seated right away we put in our drink order ordered our food and we actually got our food before our drinks. When i did get my drink it was horrible i had to send it back and the waitress explained they had new people she brought me another and it was pretty good. The food was a-ok my burger was cooked perfect kinda bland not the pop i was expecting! so all-in-all everything was ok but for $70+$20tip=$90 for two burgers four big french fries and two drinks i shouldve gone to lbs sorry Gordon But i cant wait to try his other resturants Oh and great job on uniforms they are hot!
Neat atmosphere, think they are still working out some of the new restaurant kinks. Service was not so great but she had a great attitude. Seemed like she was a little overwhelmed. I requested a birthday desert to be brought without having to ask...said to just add to the bill. The server said "So, we are celebrating a birthday?" Then never brought desert! Ugh! She had to circle back again and again to double and triple check what was ordered. We had to chase our drinks! Never brought one beer then she brought it and another server brought one (not as sweet as it sounds...all got added to the bill LOL!) But she did smile the whole time. Frustrating but still fun. Believe it or not, we would go back! Burger was da bomb! The fries were totally unique..."I only had 4 fries" but they were 4 fries on steroids...more than enough! LOL Perfect light crisp outside and soft hot potato inside, served with seemed like a ketchup / horse radish side...WHY is there NO menu anywhere online? Oh we started with the pretzels breadsticks with a ground mustard sauce and a cheese sauce...yuh to the um!
I came here with friends on St. Paddy's day. We all happened to be a little hung over from the night before...and weren't in the mood to do a lot of walking looking for something to eat. I'm glad we ate here...because I have never experienced a Gordon Ramsey restaurant and I wanted to get an idea.. . The pro's? The food was AMAZING! Everything we ordered was fantastic. My friend and I had the Fish & Chips, which was really good. I went to College in London for four years, and never had Fish & Chips as awesome as this! My other friends had a pasta dish and a flat iron steak which they also repeatedly commented on how good their meal was. . . The Con's? The service was SLOW! We actually got to that point where we asked the server what was taking so long? The only other complain? The price was high...as to be expected I guess...but I've never been one of those guys that thinks a Flat Iron Steak should cost 30 bucks! Especially when it's literally just the steak...no other side. . . It was a nice time...but I don't think I would go back unless I really wanted to...which I don't as of now.
I wanted to come here because I am a fan of Hell's Kitchen. This is the place where the current season winner will be cooking. Of course we don't know the winner yet. I tried to ask the bartenders and they don't know either. . . Came here on a Friday night. It seemed pretty busy. Not a huge wait though. We walked up to the bar and got a seat. I preferred the bar because there were TVs and I like to socialize with the bartenders. However these bartenders were not very friendly. They seemed cold and was all business. We asked to change a channel on a TV to watch one of the March Madness games since there were at least 2 other TVs that were showing the same game. Not sure if they heard us or not, but no response. Finally after asking several times, one of the bartenders said that they had to ask the manager if they can change the channel. However, no urgency to go ask the manager. He just stood there doing something with the register. O-Kay... . . As the night progressed, the bartenders got a little bit more socialable. They recommended the poutine with duck. It was A-Mazing! We had few Magic Hat beers which was a perfect match the to poutine. . . Overall, the service needs a bit more help. The restaurant is great for any sports enthusiast. Lots of TV and some tables had their own TVs! I only had the duck poutine but was ridiculous good!
I got the Caesar salad and hubby got the fish and chips.   The salad had a little too much dressing and the chicken was dry but all in all it was good.  Hubby liked the fish and chips but said that the Nine Fine Irlishmen in New York, New York was better.
Came here for dinner with some co-workers who recommended it.  Overall, it was good, but there were definitely some large flaws that pulled down my review to 3 stars.  I arrived a little late (about 10 minutes after the rest of my party) and the waitress seemed instantly offended by my tardiness and decided to be rude to me.  It took her forever to take my order, and she seemed annoyed to speak to me and have to take a second order for the table.  . . When the food came out, they completely messed up our entire order.  The waitress hadn't ordered the first people in the party's food, so I got my plate and everyone else was waiting around.  The waitress became somewhat more apologetic at that point, but the speed of the service was terrible.. . As for the food, I ordered fish and chips.  The fish was really good but the chips were dry and over-salted.  I thought they had a good beer selection as well which I was happy about. . . If it wasn't for the poor customer service, I would have given this 4 stars.
Service was meh....I can't imagine people get anything other than fish and chips because it smelled like fish everywhere wafting into Caesars Palace casino. We had a table looking into the casino which was kinda cool to people watch.. . They bring fresh rye bread and pretzel sticks to the table with a cheese dipping sauce. I was disappointed in the sauce due to some sort of horseradish taste to it. I didnt even really get to taste them because before you knew it the food was out at the table. . . Ordered fish and chips..you definitely get a good portion of fish which I thought was good.T he potatoes were ok . I prefer smaller fries these were 4 giant ones with a little parm on em. Again all dipping sauces included horseradish. YUCK!  . . Overall not too impressed ..lets hope the new chef who wins hells kitchen can help. LOL
We were at Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill on opening night. Nice atmosphere. Food was great. We saw a few celebrity chefs. I forgot to submit my original review after returning home and we have eaten at his restaurant again since. My original review was 5 star amazing but I have to say that our visit a few months later was not as great. Just 3 star ok. We were a little disappointed with the food. My husband and I both ordered the same items Fish and Chips and the Cauliflower soup both times and I felt the quality and attention to detail was not as good compared to or original visit. Probably because the chef himself was not there the second time... who knows... That being said, I would probably eat her again for a late night meal but not when looking for a nice dinner date night.
Around 30 or so craft beers on tap, fun bartenders, terrific looking place, and some ok fish & chips. Still, Jones Wood Foundry on the UES New York does them better! Sorry Gordon.. . Was here last week for a bite to eat and to catch the college hoops championship game. The bar area itself is huge with many stools to take a seat and watch the game on one of the large flatscreens hanging above. As you can imagine this place is loud and hopping being right off the main casino floor across the sportsbook area. Cool trendy design with beer kegs decorating the walls. Plenty of tables in a very open air kind of setting. . . Personally, I had no problem with the service here as it was just right. I just wanted to hang at the bar with a drink and watch the game anyway. The beer selection is terrific and having Innis & Gunn on tap is a winner. Bartenders were attentive and fast with slinging the drinks. Had to try the fish & chips here, as it's one of my favs. It was just ok but I have had better. I felt the batter was just not crispy enough and lacked overall flavor that I expected. Not a bad meal, but with all the choices in town I was a bit dissatisfied. . . Still, one gets the feeling that this is just another Vegas corporate chain type trendy restaurant. Not bad overall, and would come back again for a cold brew next time in Ceasars.
In brief, it was very good, but I wasn't wowed by it.  My expectations were set too high because of Gordon Ramsay's name attached to it.  . . The ambiance, the atmosphere and the decor were absolutely gorgeous.  The service was impeccable, although some of the staff were having a bit too much fun at the bar, which was a bit distracting.  If I was basing my review solely on these factors, I would give it 4 and a half stars.. . The food was good, not great, but very good.  I had the English Ale Onion Soup, which I liked, but thought it lacked.  The onions were gorgeous, the cheddar crustinis were good, but the broth didn't have it.  My main was the filet platter.  The steak was nice, the pork belly was a bit boring and the shrimp were not hot enough.  My friends had similar complaints and compliments.. . All in all, not a bad choice, just not as good as I would have expected!
We ate the fried oysters, bread sticks with cheese dip, salmon, cornish chicken and chips.  All food arrived as ordered, hot and delicious.  The service was slow and we did not have wine or dessert.  1.5 hours from being seated to check payment.  No biggie, most people are eating at a leisurely pace, but its not a quick meal.
Surprisingly mediocre. We met a bunch of friends at the restaurant for lunch the day Bon Appetit's Uncork'd festival was going on at the hotel. The restaurant wasn't too busy and we got in with no wait. . . Service was really slow. Appetizers came out reasonably quick but entrees took forever.. . Tried the pub pretzels which were quite good. They're served with a cheddar sauce and mustard. Fair warning: the mustard is quite hot, like Chinese mustard hot. Good but if you're not expecting it you'll be surprised.. . I started with the English ale and onion soup. Very good.. . A friend and I split the lamb burger with feta cheese. The burger was quite bland. Really could have used salt and even the feta was on the bland side. On the plus side it was cooked perfectly.. . We really expected a bit more, especially since Chef Ramsey was in town for the event that evening. We much prefer Public House or Todd English's P.U.B.
Given the restaurant is by the snooty ass Gordon Ramsey, I expected more.  However, I only intended to drink to occupy myself while my out-of-town were gambling.  Somewhat disappoint that the sparkling wine listed on the menu was not the one they were pouring...it was Chateau Ste. Michele, which is a good value but only about $8.00 at CVS and naturally it was $8.00 a glass here.  However, the bartender was cool and topped me off a few times free of charge, but I did order 3 glasses...I would have been smarter buying the bottle from the beginning.  Like I said I don't gamble, and expected my guest to turn up definitely by the time I was on drink #2...sadly they showed up when I completed glass #3 and was about to order #4...however, thankfully, husband intervened and comforted me that we have several bottle of this in our "everyday" wine stock.  So I stopped and like the intelligent person I am said let's order FOOD! to complete the evaluation of this place. I was only thinking of my fellow yelpers, YKWIM?. . So all 4 of us shared sliders and fish and chips.  All of it was Ok, but given that Ramsey is such a hardass, I expected more so much more!  The food did not deliver, but still it was decent.  Fresh, but just ordinary.. . if I come back, it is only to sit at the bar and have drinks..  . PS.  Whoever won Hell's kitchen needs atleast a few more lessons.  Also the outfits of the wait staff are hideous.
We came her for something a bit different. The description of the food and the high prices are the only different things here. . . The food is way overpriced for the quality and quantity of what you actually receive. There is so much more value you can get for your money at other nice places on the strip. . . I ordered the scallops. I received 4 scallops, surrounded by brussel sprouts. Others at my table ordered the lamb, fish & chips, and chicken. Again, there was nothing that made this food stand out. . . Good customer service. Drinks ordered from an iPad. Pretty cool. . . The atmosphere is cool and modern. But the food is nothing to write home about.
Strange - i thought i posted a review of this place a few months ago .... . .As to this particular review, being the romantic, for Valentines Day i gave the girlfriend:. . Diamonds ?  uhhhh No. Perfume ?  Seriously ?. Flowers ?  we've been together 3 years, I've yet to give her a flower so why start now.. Candy ?  getting closer. . How about two tickets to the Uncorked Dinner with Chef Gordon Ramsay since I think she loves him more than me ?  What can i say, I'm a giver.. . So even though it's a special dinner, it is being prepared by the chefs that work at the pub and you figure, it's gotta be there best effort since Chef Ramsay is there riding their ass so i've opted to make this a review of the restaurant and not the event.. . briefly, as to the event, they simply cut off a portion of the restaurant for about 60 diners.  Chef Ramsay made the rounds - pics autographs, etc.  My gf was gushing when he came up to our table - i jokingly told the chef he can grab my girls ass when i take the pic.  I gotta admit, the guy is personable - i couldn't resist - asked him about this so-called riff between him and Bobby Flay - to his credit, didn't miss a beat and explained that it's "press-driven" - he likes Bobby, thinks he's a great chef, blah blah blah.  Overall, A nice event.  What about the food ?. . All the courses were paired with beers provided by Innis & Gunn. . Course one -   Chilled Fennel Soup with Shrimp paired with I&G Original.  If I wasn't told it was fennel soup i never would have guessed fennel was in the soup and I'm a fennel fan !   Smooth, creamy, but it needs ... flava !  The beer was decent.. . Course two - Heirloom Tomato. Goat Cheese and Chervil ( paired with Original again )  - believe it or not, the star of the evening - simple fresh the classic flavor explosion. . . Course three - Pan seared Diver Scallops, braised artichokes, spring garlic ( paired with Original ) - nice, simple really like the artichokes.. . Course four - Grilled Rack of Lamb, olive crushed potatoes, baby zucchini ( paired with I&G Finish ) - again, simple yet full of flavor and the beer was amazing.  The GF had a hard time with the rareness of the lamb - good, more for me !. . Course five - Sticky toffee pudding ( matched with Melville fruit beer )  - for this being his "signature" dessert and i've seen rave reviews about it,  I can't lie - didn't care for it.  i actually was surprised what it looked like ( never had before ) - to me it looked and tasted like an upside down bran muffin.  I was expected a little jug of toffee sauce to pour over the muffin and ice cream - i guess not.  I simply didn't understand the dessert.  The beer had a fresh berry flavor to it - not bad, just not sure it complimented the dessert.. . Overall, I thought it was a decent effort with the theme being fresh, quality ingredients that were not stifled by seasoning.. . Most importantly, the GF was very pleased.. . pics attached
Seated immediately for lunch. Service is good. Fish & Chips had three great pieces of fish $25. Chips average.
As a Brit I take issue with their claim to be all things British - this is definitely an Americanised view of what British pub food would be.  American sports playing on the TVs, American decor etc.  That said, the music was certainly British and the food was top notch.  Very good service and good wine suggestions at decent prices, only minor criticism on the service being that we hadn't fished our starter by the time the main came out - they certainly like to move people in and out quickly.  We'd come again but not before we tried out other equivalent experiences.
I have visited Chef Ramsay's other restaurant in town Gordon Ramsay Steak several times so I had high expectations.  We got in without a reservation which was great. Service was just ok.  We are locals and the waiter honestly seemed more interested in finding out our opinion about the city such as houses and where to live as he was new in town.  He was friendly, however he didn't do very much as a server. Once we got our food he was pretty much gone.  The food was honestly a disappointment.  I ordered the Shepard's pie.  Gordon Ramsay is always talking about his Shepard's pie so I wanted something great.  What I got was eh...ok.  It really was just pot roast with severely undercooked crunchy semi-raw veggies topped with un seasoned mash potatoes.  Good idea but severely poorly executed.  The pot roast was super watery making the dish a big mushy mess.  Having ordered sticky toffee pudding from Gordon Ramsay Steak and absolutely loving it, I thought I would order it here and maybe find a possibly cheaper fix to my craving.  I was disappointed.  Sadly the pudding was overcooked and hard chewy on the outside and dry inside.  The place has a good concept, but the wait staff is lacking and the kitchen staff is lacking execution. Next time I want to an English Pub in Vegas, I'll head over to the Crown and Anchor on Tropicana.  A quarter of the price, and taste better.
Walked in for lunch on a whim while in Ceasars palace. Ordered a burger and scotch egg. The burger was of high quality but it wasn't anything that great. The scotch egg was just ok. They also have a very nice beer menu. Service was fast and friendly. Nice place to grab lunch and sit watching the people in the casino go by. I would drop in again to try something else sometime. Exact three star place.
I had lunch here yesterday.   While this Date cake/ caramel dessert was very good!!! My burger was just okay.... I have had better hamburgers and was a little disappointed.  It tasted more like a chuck burger and was not that good.. . The warm pretzel bread appetizer was good.  THe french fries were better than the hamburger............ I thought this place was known for their burgers so that is why I got one, I ate half of it and didn't really like it that much.. . This place is OKAY but not phenomenal.. . Wait staff was attentive but sloppy.  After the pretzel appetizer they took both our knives and forks and then brought the entree and no utensils?? Had to wait about ten minutes till he came back to ask him to bring us utensils.
I had the bangers & mash. I thought  it was delicious. It was... well a stereotypical man's dish. Meat and potatoes. Very simple, very good. The sausage was perfectly cooked and the sauce/gravy went well with the mashed potatoes that also tasted really good.. . However....... was it worth 20 bucks? Probably not. . . The rest of our party had a bunch of various dishes. I remember the pub beef burger being a popular one among our group. No one really seemed blown away by it. Again 20 bucks. . . I got the notion that a burger at Smashburger might be around the same caliber as the ones my friends were eating judging by their reactions when eating.. . The duck confit poutine was OK. It was interesting, but there was definitely a lot more fries and cheese than any duck. I wish there was more duck since it actually tasted decent.. . The bottom line here: the food is 'good', but not really worth it. The ambiance is nice, but the service is also hit or miss. Pretend you're that guy at a busy bar trying to order a drink for you and your friends. It's hard to get the bartender's attention right? That's probably what you're going to feel like when you try and get your waiter/waitress' attention.. . I think knocking 50% off the menu prices would be appropriate for the food that you'll be eating. Gordon Ramsay is a baller chef, but since he's not actually cooking the food, I have no problem dissing the restaurant and saying it's not worth the price.
Here for dinner at 6:30 p.m. on a Friday night, July 4th weekend and we were seated immediately.  A square table for four, we sat in our mismatched, padded high back chairs.  All of us sunk.  Me, a 6' foot tall man, having to arch my arms up to grasp a fork and knife.  I felt worse for the girls.  I used to work with interior designers so all I could think of was, "Who picked out these disfunctional chairs for the restaurant?  Does anyone height check to see that they are suitable to dine in?  Are there some telephone books I can put beneath my bottom so that I can see what's on the table?"  . . Very important... There are two menus here.  The full dinner menu and the bar snacks/small bites menu.  No matter where you sit in the restaurant (at the bar or not), you can order from the bar menu.  If your server doesn't hand one to you ask for it.  Some of the dishes over lap, but there are others that don't.  . . Bread Basket - Good.  There were four different breads, including pretzel bread with bacon bits and caraway seed buns with pumpkin seeds on top. A salted butter and a cheese dipping sauce.  . . Little Piggy Deviled Eggs - Could definitely taste the bacon in the deviled egg spread.  They serve you four egg whites empty and you fill them yourself with however much deviled egg spread you want.  It wasn't whoa crazy crazy, but everyone enjoyed these.  . . Fresh Fried Potato Chips with Herbs & French Onion Dip - The potato chips were my favorite food of the night!  Light and crispy, perfect for snacking on.  I could've downed the whole bowl of chips myself, but I opted to share.  I think it's $2 more if you'd like them done Salt & Vinegar style.  . . Fish and Chips/Cod and Chips - Three generously sized pieces served with mushy peas (mushed peas mixed in with whole peas) and fries.  I liked the peas better than the fries, which is sad because usually the potato always wins with me.  The fries were too soft for my liking.  . . Pan Seared Diver Scallops - My friend loved and devoured these.  4 large scallops with artichoke hearts, carrots and spring garlic.  A light dish for pub food. . . Sheperd's Pie - The other friend said this was okay.  No complaints.  . . Burger - Was okay.  My friend swapped out her fries for the Smashed Fingerling Potatoes at no extra charge.  . . Smashed Fingerling Potatoes - Wanna enjoy your meal that much more?  Swap out your fries (or some other side) for this.  The fingerling potatoes have much crunch and flavor than the fries.  Cooked with butter, double cream and black truffle!  Mmmm... the truffle.  So rich but so good!. . A few notes and thoughts:. . If you don't have one, get your Caesar's Players' Club Card before eating here.  Each dish is discounted $1-2 as long as one person in your party has the free players' card.  . . The restaurant is pricey considering it's "only" pub food.  I know, I'm in Vegas... pay to play.  But $28 fish and chips and a $20 burger?  There was no "wow" factor with any of the major dishes.  Food quality overall is not whoa, but it's solid.  . . They have a good selection of beers, but I thought they'd have more UK beers on tap.  They didn't even have Smithwick's or Harp on tap or in a bottle.  . . Our server was nice and brought us all that we needed, but it took awhile to track her down a couple of times because she had too many tables to watch.  The restaurant could probably schedule a couple of extra servers on the weekends.  . . Overall it's 3.5 stars, with price knocking down the rating.  When it's $180 for four people with three of us having one drink each (and no wine), that's pricey for pub food.
My wife and I got into Vegas around dinner time so we decided to come over to the Pub & Grill to try it out for dinner. First when we arrived they told us it was an hour wait, but instead of having to hang around they ask for your cell phone number to text you when your table is ready. That really worked out well, first we got a text right away saying our estimated time, and about 30 minutes later we got a text our table was ready. Very cool to be able to do your own thing while you wait. . . So overall the food is pretty good, however for the prices they charge it is not worth the value. We started by splitting a vegetable salad, and that was really good but the salad itself costs $16, way over priced. . . I had a steak which was pretty good, and my wife had the shepherds pie which is pretty similar in taste to Gordon Ramsay's Steak restaurant. For dessert we had the sticky toffee pudding which was pretty good as well. . . All in all the food was decent, but it just does not live up to value. When my wife and I ate at the Steak restaurant we walked away with $160 bill and felt it was well worth the money. This place however the food is good, but it is not something I am willing to pay the high price to come back for.
Not a lot i could eat so i just had some drinks. They were good. I have a gluten allergy so makes it hard to eat at a pub. Its a fun place. Were were at a Corp meeting. A lot of us walked in and had fun while there. Full service bar.
Cruising through Caesar's Palace and came across the Gordon Ramsay Pub.  The place has a great look and verycool Hipster vibe.  At first we popped in for a beer and appetizers.  They had a great selection of micro brews on tap, a good enough reason in itself to stop by.  The deviled eggs and warm pretzel were awesome.. . Unfortunately, our meal left a little to be desired.  The fish and chips were average, but plentiful.  They overcooked the first burger and felt it necessary to make a second one. The problem was, they forgot to tell us about the delay.  It was close to 40 minutes before we got our food.  By then, we were a little pissed.  Not a good idea to deliver food late to a Yelper.  Sorry Gordon, I really had high hopes.  But you'll get a chance to redeem yourself.  I'll be back.....
I live in Las Vegas so I'm used to having some great places to eat. And in my view  one of the best places on the Strip is Gordon Ramsay Steak at the Paris casino. We go there from time to time and we're consistently impressed. It's excellent from the moment you sit down to the minute you leave. We're not all too concerned with price, particularly for a great experience, but it's hard not to notice how expensive Steak is. Still, it's just that good. . . This weekend we gave Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill a try at Caesars casino. It's decidedly different. Far more casual than Steak and focused on pub style food. Overall, we had a very good experience but as I recollect it now, I'm not sure it's enough to get us to go back. It's the kind of place that I'd gladly step into if I were strolling through Caesars, perhaps there to shop atthe attached mall, but I don't think I'd make a special trip in just to eat there again. It's not that it's bad, not at all. But it's surrounded by a city full of great dining experiences.. . To start (and despite some terrible reviews here to the contrary), our server was lovely, vivacious and helpful. She was friendly and attentive. The bar menu, complete with some innovative custom cocktails, tons of beer options, and a serviceable wine list, was presented on an iPad that provides plenty of details and an easy way to sort through to find what you want. We started with two of their own cocktails (I tried "Mother's Ruin," a nice mix of gin, sage liqueur, cucumber and lime), and some oysters, which were tastefully presented on cutting boards with traditional accompaniments. The bread service was a nice array of crusty, warm, house-baked pretzels (three different kinds) and a nice cheese dipping sauce, all very good. . . The only hiccup in service was when our mains arrived so quickly that our appetizers hadn't yet been cleared. The servers who delivered them (not our waitress but two other men) seemed flummoxed. Their hands full they sort of just looked at us to move the dishes aside for them. But the table being small, there really was no place to put the spent plates and utensils. A line manager came to help, but he too seemed sort of clueless and overwhelmed. Neither of us thought too much of it and helped as best we could, but it was a strange moment that you'd expect the team was better trained to handle.. . Our food was good. I had the beef cheeks, which has the consistency of a pot roast. It was served over some mashed potatoes and roasted onion. The portion was very generous and the dish was tasty, though just a little underseasoned. My wife had the mustard-basted flat iron steak served with an onion puree and Stilton cheese. Good, but underwhelming, she said.. . We split sides of smashed fingerling potatoes (which were seasoned with double cream, butter, and black truffle) and creamed spinach with Stilton cheese. Both were very good. The sticky toffee pudding for dessert was excellent.. . At the bar that night was Jan'el Witt, the recent winner of Ramsay's television show "Hell's Kitchen." Our waitress told us that she'd begin her reward as the "head chef" of the Pub & Grill in August. . . So, in all, that leaves us at about a 3-star rating. A nice evening, a good meal, a fun time. But with so many options in Vegas, I'm not sure we'll be back again to the Pub & Grill. Unlike Gordon Ramsay Steak, which just screams a kind of uniqueness, Pub & Grill is good, but perhaps not special enough to warrant a return trip.
Make a Reservation first!! we had a 45mins. wait to get in G.R.Pub &Grill which is inside Caesars Palace, it seats about 300 people to me it is authentic and sorta of dark inside,there are all type of tables here tall,short,large round ones as well as small round ones,I saw about four flat screen TV on with no sound,all of the hostess had on dresses that look like newpaper printing from London on it,the server inside were all dress difference too dark pants,dark long sleeve shirt with a vest on that has zippers and chairs that was cool.We ordered fish &chips,english chips,rhubarb cobbler with two scoops of Ice cream,the food was OK nothing really that special,the server also bring a I-pad to your table for you to order wine and dessert on, Our experience here was not as good as expected slow yet friendly but improved as the mealprogressed,the server was not that attentive to our needs.We are not in a hurry to get back here.
I'm not much of a Ramsay fan outside of him trashing Amy's Baking Company on the infamous episode of Kitchen Nightmare, but one co-worker I was with on my recent Vegas lives for Ramsay.  She wanted to go to the Pub, BurgR, the Steakhouse, and any other taco stand or dumpling house he might open next week.. . I think I can best sum up the experience with a what I liked vs what I didn't like list:. . I liked that is was not a stuffy restaurant.  The atmosphere and decor was fun and inviting.. I liked the non traditional table I was at with 2 large, cushy chairs on one side, and a couch on the other (you might not like this). I liked the huge beer list.. I really liked my lamb chops.  The food got high marks by everyone at the table for quality and prep.. . I did not like the drink list on the ipad.  It did lead to some great conversation about if we though we could get away with stealing the Ipad...but, with 4 of us at the table, and only 1 Ipad, it was a rush job to look thru the 100+ beers separate onto different web pages by category.  In the interest of time, I just picked an old, well known favorite vs. something rare or reading up and trying something new.. . ...and finally, what killed the experience...the serving size.  Upon looking at all the dinners as they came out, my initial though was, 'they know we did not order of the kiddie menu, right?'  While my lamb chops were great, there was only 4 lil chops for a serious price.  By contrast, Firefly, a well known local tapas restaurant, offers a $10 tapas plate with 2-3 pieces, and while maybe not as awesomely seasoned, it's still very good over there.  My Irish buddy got the Sheppards pie, and while he admitted it might be better than what momma made him...the size of it was seriously laughable.  I was not surprised when I heard he picked up more to eat.. . As for that drink Ipad...Our best idea was to list it on Craigslist and sell it for cheap for immediate cash only, with an exchange in the bathroom, and quickly paying the tab in cash...and defiantly not returning to Caesars on this trip.  I'm just saying, if you ever see it on craigslist, don't go buy an Ipad from a guy in the mens room of Ramsay's Pub & Grill, it might some other guy with a clever but flawed idea.
I came here with a group for drinks before a group dinner...didn't like that you couldn't seat yourself at the bar without the hostess helping you.  We tried some drinks and french fries...all were good, albeit overpriced, but nothing to rush back for!
First, the positives: I had Shepherd's Pie. It was perfect. The meat is "melt in your mouth" good. Also, we got an order of English Chips to share. They were amazing. Very good. The negatives, however: Extremely small portions. When my Shepherd's Pie arrived, I thought it was a kids meal. Tiny. Very tiny. And don't expect a visit here to be easy on the wallet. Very expensive. Especially for the size of the meals.
I've been to Gordon Ramsey Steak in Paris and it was amazing, so I was excited to try his newest place. Our server, Alexander, was SO nice. He even took us back to the kitchen when I asked if it was really like a 'Kitchen Nightmare' kitchen. . .  The food was good but I wasn't floored like at his steakhouse. I had the corn soup and diver scallops. My husband had the Shepherd's Pie (it was kind of small.)  . .  Overall it was a good experience and I'd go back to try the burgers but for a truly memorable dining experience, I'd go to his steakhouse.
Honestly, if anything, Ramsay gets you over with the details and sauces, just like not so pretty woman hypnotizes you her outrageous accessories. Amazingly creative sauces, freshly baked bread, mouthwatering shrimp salad...  Who mixes beer, horseradish and mayo and sells it for $12? Only a genius!. He lures you in with the delicious teasers and then ...boom. Your trout is tasteless, fish and chips Denny's style, shepherd lacks zest... the beef cheek was really good and gentle but that is about it.. I was digging for water in the dessert, but honestly out of four dishes, three were not even worth it. My Armenian in-laws could not even finish their dishes nostalgically mentioning that there was much better food half of this price in Bellagio's buffet.. Of course, in another life I will totally come back and spend at least $500 on the rest of the menu just to check it out, in case of my punitive reincarnation into this very pretentious Saudi borehole owner.
Not impressed. Though the uniforms are cool and the decor is decent. . . Deviled eggs were good. Fried fish was good. Burger was Ok. A chicken salad I had was just OK. . . The fries were terrible: mealy, undercooked, under seasoned. Unfortunately in a pub fries are paramount. . . Mr. Ramsey - who I have a ton of respect for as a chef and entrepreneur - needs to get this place back into shape. . . Incidentally we saw a _lot_ of food being sent back.
Hungry, hot, overworked (came to Vegas for a business trip, sadly not fun) my coworkers and I decided to try this place since it was close by and seemed to have lots of items that would be filling.. . Pros first!. - Their burgers were AMAZING. The meat is cooked perfectly and portions were just right. . - The fish and chips were great and portions were HUGE. I could only finish half of it. . - Our server was really nice and gave us free pens at the end of our meal (sucker for free stuff..). . Cons... one kinda big con actually..... - When we arrived we had no reservations, BUT we saw the entire front section was open with about 15 tables or so. However, when we asked for a table, they told us there was a 30 minute wait...but their were tons of available tables... none the less we were all hot and tired and decided to just wait it out and ended up only waiting 15 minutes, but still...you would think with all those available tables they could give our small group of 4 one table. Guess they were ALL reserved since on our way out the tables were still empty.
Gordon Ramsey Grill and Pub is ordinary. They have pub style items at an astronomically higher price. We ordered Pub "spots" as an appetizers which is basically 3 two bite burgers. They were $18. They did not have much variety. You either had to have fish, pork, or chicken. It was very ordinary. Service was decent for a place like this. The only real redeeming quality was that the drinks were good!
My fish & chips were BLAND although the fish quality was high there just wasn't any flavor. I expected better Ramsey!
--3.5 stars--. My first time at a Gordon Ramsey establishment. In all fairness, I was overly excited for this opportunity owing to the fact that I have been watching Ramsey on a number of TV programs for some time, and he is hands down my favorite celebrity chef. That being said, I was a bit disappointed that after an hour long wait for a table, it took another ten minutes after being seated to even be approached by a waitress, upon which we finally received water and a drink menu. I had the scotch egg appetizer and the mussels and clams, both of which I thought were delicious. I was surprised by the heftiness of the mussel plate...I'm guessing there was at least 2 lbs. of shellfish on there. Overall, good pub food, but service needs a bit of work.
I stopped by here last night for an early dinner with my fiance.  We didn't have reservations and that did not seem to be a problem as we were sat immediately.  Our seats ended up being right near the edge of the casino and near the posted menu which was distracting for me.  Since it was a Sunday the tv's all had football games on them with the sound playing loudly over the restaurant speakers.  While i enjoyed that, i wish the volume would have been a bit softer.  The decor of the restaurant itself is quite cool with one room being divided from another with a wall of kegs and then there was some cool chandeliers and a lounge type area.  I also enjoyed the wooden chargers on the table as well as the silverware of which the bottoms reminded me of the St. George cross. What i didn't enjoy was the outfits of the staff as the hounds-tooth was hideous and i would have to agree with other users who said it made them look cheap and trashy.. . For an appetizer my fiance and I started out with the duck confit poutine.  Whenever it first came out I was unable to see any of the duck but I eventually found it lurking in the goodness of the poutine.  My favorite parts of it were the duck and cheese although the fries were nice and crispy except for the ones that sat too long in the duck gravy which ended up being overly sweet for me.  Who would have thought that this Canadian dish would end up on a English pub menu.  For my main course I decided on the shepherds pie.  Whenever it came out I thought that it looked a bit small but I was stuffed by the time I had finished it all.  The base was a mixture of beef and lamb combined with some carrots and peas and then topped with some mashed potatoes.  In the end it was a decent dish as the meat was tender but it did not really wow me at all.. . The bottom line for me is that I would probably not come back to the Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grille in the future.  While my meal was ok, there are too many other places nearby that are better and at the same price point or even cheaper.
The restaurant looked very appealing and the staff was excellent but when I Come to a marque restaurant I want my taste buds to decide if I'd return again;. Deviled eggs were good but could be better. Pork chops were fine too but they to could bed better . Ice in my ice water would be nice too. Kale, that was a first and not terrible in the least. . If it were local I may try again but sense I'm just visiting I highly doubt I'd return, to many other places to try my taste buds out on
Came on Tuesday night specifically for The Scuffle!!!! I had been craving it for so long, its one of my favorite drinks! But of course, they were out of the Guinness cream which completes the drink! That was a huuuuge bummer.... One server said he doesn't think they'll get the Guinness cream like AT ALL anymore which saddened me even more =[. . We enjoyed the sticky toffee pudding! And Antwon was a pleasure. Every time I go there, he's at the same corner of the bar polishing glasses-- he is such a great character, he needs to actually tend bar, make the good $$$, and do what he does best.... INTERACT WITH GUESTS!! I came in New Years Eve, nearly 10 months ago, sat at the bar visited our friend who was the General Manager at the time, and Antwon was doing the same thing then-- COME ON, time for a promotion?!! Team Antwon!
Came on a Tuesday for Dinner, Ordered the oysters for a starter, super sweet little oysters and cocktail sauce with horseradish in it,  they were the highlight of the meal unfortunately. . I was dissapointed by the current menu, came here last year around the same time and was absolutely blown away by everything and the overall style of the food choices, this year not so much, really narrow options with seriously predictable stuff, it's almost as if I went back in time to when it was first opening and they hadn't quite had time to make up any original dishes so they threw out the ol' classic favorites.. . I ordered the scallops, they were ok. Cooked to perfection but nothing else, surprisingly bland! Nothing stunning about them though the portion size was fair. The amazing Girlfriend had the Salmon and it was also bland, almost like they didn't season it, very odd. Friend had the fish and chips. fish was good, batter was excellent, but the "chips" were undercooked! . . Prices here were also a disappointment. I payed what?! for That!? . . At least the Oysters were good!. . Must mention service was excellent, and beer selection was good, some tasty stuff on the drink menu. . . Maybe next time...
This was a nice night out!!! The company and atmosphere of the restaurant were great! . The service was top notch with a great and attentive waiter, use of the iPad to tell descriptions and pictures helped. . The good however was average. I wanted a burger, any kind really and all they had were sliders at dinner. These sliders were tiny, bread over buttered and average taste. The fries side was excellent!! Way more fries than any one person can eat! His fish and chips were average. We were going to share fries but he didn't get more than a handful. The fish was ok but too much butter in the batter. The other couple agreed!. The dessert I got the toffee cake and it was too rich, everyone took a bite and we still couldn't finish it. The other couple got the berry parfait, I believe strawberry and said it was wonderful. It was finished before I looked up. . Fun night, we sat there talking for awhile and felt kind of rushed to leave.... But we stayed till we all decided to walk around anyway! Off to shopping when in Caesars!!!
Then food is pretty good, but our waiter,Bryan, was not vegetarian friendly. I ordered the Caesar salad without anchovies and he informed me that is the way the salad came. I asked him to not add the anchovies and asked for a different salad dressing. He acted like it was a big deal to change the salad, we won't be going there again on Vegas visits.
Had steamed mussels and clams, which were good. Toast that came up it was too salty and not much flavor. Service was fine. Casual atmosphere.
Food was 4 stars, service a paltry 1 star. I ate lightly, just a bowl of English Onion soup which was fantastic and a side of the mac & cheese which was above average, but not the best I've ever had. Main problem was the service. Even though we had 3 different servers waiting on us, they were all incompetent. Splitting a bill 3 ways shouldn't take 30 minutes which it took for them because they kept screwing it up. Improve the service and you might be looking at a 4 star restaurant.
The food and service are worth 4 stars but the 3 stars are for the price. If you call yourself a pub I don't think you should serve a $20 burger or a $10 dessert. Just seems kinda anti pub to me. However my lamb burger was delicious! The sticky toffee pudding was equally delicious. I'm usually not a bread pudding dessert fan but it was one of the best things I've ever had. I've had the push pop version at burgr that is equally delicious. If it weren't for the price, I'd give this place 4 stars!
Gordon Ramsay you bloody ass; you're an Englishman representing the culinary arts to satisfy the most demanding palettes...and yet you somehow failed!!!. . For a bloke (dude) that talks as much rubbish (shit) as you do on other people's cooking, you can't even make the damned FISH & CHIPS RIGHT!! . . The chips (fries) tasted like the chef you hired cooked it on some hot bonnet (hood) and then carelessly threw it on the plate...because it was super soggy and overly salted!. . The style and decor is amazing. If this place were to be solely judged on decor and service, this place would get a 5. But instead, the food was blah. . . My mate (friend) ordered the pork belly. Quite dry. . . Geez I can't wait for the next season of Top Gear.
Stopped in at Gordon Ramsay's Pub and Grill as a longtime fan of the TV show. It is clear and obvious that chef Ramsay is NOT in the kitchen. Had the Hangar steak and Chips and was severely underwhelmed. Has the chef here ever heard of salt and pepper? The steak was extremely tender, but bland bland bland. The, "chips" werent anything special either. For $40 for a steak i expected much more. Oh well, perhaps his other restaurants do better?
Very excited to finally have a Gordon Ramsay experience,  we stopped in on a recent Monday evening.  We were told it was going to be a 15 minute wait, but were seated within 5.  Things were looking up. . .    We should have checked the menu before going in though, because we really wanted to try a burger, but there was none on the menu.  Fortunately, our server told us he could get us one from the bar area, so that made us very happy! (we probably should have just gone to the bar, but we didn't know there were two different menus).. .    Having come from Happy Hour elsewhere not long before, we both just hydrated with iced tea, which was okay tea.  And since we weren't starving, we opted to share three things:  The onion soup, the burger and the infamous sticky toffee pudding.. .   The soup was possibly the best onion soup I've ever had...the broth was rich and delicious.  Not sure about anything that tasted like welsh cheddar rarebit though?  . .    Big plus on the burger, they were kind enough to split it for us, so they brought us each a plate with fries.  The burger was very tasty, had a bit of a smokey flavor.  Good, but not the best we've ever had.  Husband kept saying he thought there was another meat in it besides beef...I don't know about that, I think he was tasting bacon.  The fries were okay, but unevenly cooked.  Some were mushy, some crisp and some in between.  . .   The highlight was definitely the sticky toffee pudding.  Yep, it ranks right up there in sweet heaven like everyone says.. .   Service was also like most everyone has said.  SLOW SLOW SLOW.  We were in there for what felt like forever.  We even got to know our two-top neighbors from Canada, who seemed to enjoy the beet salad they shared and their scallop entrees.. .   All-in-all,  with all the choices in Vegas, I just don't know that there's enough of a draw to go back.
I dined for lunch on a Saturday. I was seated at the bar, and unfortunately I wasn't in the mood for beer as they had a great selection of brews on tap. The bartender was quick to take my order and the wait staff were very friendly and appeared very much into providing a great experience.. . I ordered the squash soup and it was serviceable but that's as much as I can say for it. It lacked the complexity I've had with squash soup at Mesa, Paley's Place, etc. Just a dollop of sour cream on top and served with garlic bread, so any crunch and extra flavor came from the bread.. . I was truly looking forward to the sticky toffee pudding, as I LOVE sticky toffee pudding. The pudding part was perfect, a lovely dense cake. But the "toffee" lacked much flavor other than being sweet. I'm used to the toffee being much more, er, toffee-flavored. Also, the server brought it to me without a spoon and had to go look for one after pouring the toffee syrup over the cake. Ah, well, that will save me lots of calories in the future. If it had been as good as the ones I am used to, I would be dining here every meal while in Vegas. I'm happy others were pleased by it, but for me it was a complete disappointment.. . This was my second time at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and both have been disappointing, just lacking in much flavor and everything could use a dash of salt.
Had dinner here with our friend. This place was DARK, like we could barely see each other dark. The service was whatever, nothing great.. . BF just had an appetizer of Toad in a...something? I don't see it on the menu. It was a sausage wrapped in puff pastry, served with a super spicy mustard and onion gravy. The sausage was pretty good, the onion gravy was delish, the mustard was way, way, way hot.. . I had Fish & Chips - very under seasoned. The fries were good, but obviously old, they were pretty mushy. The tarragon tarter sauce was tasty, as was the house made ketchup.. . My friend had the Shepard's Pie and he thought it was great.. . Overall, I thought it was just an okay meal. It wouldn't be on my list of places to try again, but in a pinch, it got the job done.
The decor for the restaurant is really nice. Really like the keg on the side. The place has scores of televisions. The restaurant is a but dark but nice. Mix match seating with living room chairs. Some of the seating sit low. We ordered the devil eggs for appetizer and fish and chips. The deviled eggs just was to much over the top for my liking. They had bacon and cheese in the filling. I do like the concept of putting the filling into your egg. The fish and chips, hubby like the chips as long as they were warm. I have mixed feeling about them. Love the ketchup!!!! The fish was really good along with the tartar sauce and mets vinegar. Oh the peas, ate all of those they were really good..  . Service what service??? Yeah okay right maybe next time service will show up......
My expectations for this place were fairly high, so I think I was a bit underwhelmed.. . I came to Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill twice during my recent travels - once just for drinks and snacks and once for dinner.. . With that, I think this is a great pub and a great place to have a drink.  For dinner... I would suggest spending your money somewhere else.. . I loved the atmosphere and the bartenders all had sexy Irish accents, so that was a nice touch.  The drink selection is great as well.  The whole restaurant has a very rustic and homey feel to it.. . The one time we came here for dinner I was underwhelmed by the food.  Mainly, because one person in our party ordered the mussels and at least half a dozen hadn't opened.  Anyone who knows anything about seafood should know that un-opened mussels usually means they're no good and a good chef should never let those out of the kitchen.  When we pointed that out to the server, we just got a shrug of the shoulders. Umm... ok?!. . Honestly, I can't even remember what I ordered, so it wasn't that memorable.  My husband had the Shepherd's Pie and thought it was good.. . With all the fantastic food choices in Vegas, I wouldn't waste my time here for dinner.  Just for drinks!
