Good music, and sound system! Interesting characters always hanging out around here....enjoyyyy
I have been here a few times and each time, I am liking it less and less. The sky show is cool, I will admit that, but everything else is just ok. The casinos are dirty, the people that roam the street are usually rude and it just isn't a pleasant experience. . . The only real thing that I liked here was the cheap blackjack. It was easy to find the $5 tables. I like blackjack but I don't think I am good enough yet to have to bet $15 or $20 a hand like in all of the big casinos. This is a good place for beginners. . . Of the casinos I visited there, the Golden Nugget was by far the best. If I had to go to Fremont Street again, I would hang around there. For the experience, I give it three stars if you have never seen it. After that, things don't get much better.
A trip to Vegas wouldn't be complete without a stop here to see the show. As many times as I've done it, I've never seen the same show twice. You can get a deep fried twinkee or a footer to sip on and enjoy the carnival atmosphere. Parking is free, but don't walk the side streets alone. I did once and was approached (in daylight) All turned out OK - but I won't make that mistake again.. . They've added a zip line and I saw coupons for $10. Looked fun.
I was pretty freaked out to go here.  Luckily we went during the day when the CRAZIES weren't out yet.  I mean hey there were crazies but not like i'm gonna chase you down and piss on you crazy.  The surrounding may be less than sparkles and glitter, but i somewhat enjoyed our little trip to fremont.  It allowed us to get away from the strip and play on machines that still pay out coins!! I also scored some deep fried twinkies and deep fried oreos for a buck!!
Check this out once, and never go again. The light show is pretty sick, but doesn't warrant a round two. . . During the day, all you hear is screaming as people ZIP by on the zip-lines overhead. Its a mall where you can buy the cheapest las vegas junk around. If you are in the market for touristy souvenirs, this is the place you want to be. Its cheaper than the strip.
A must see, most bizarre aspect of Las Vegas.  Get a glimpse of old Vegas too by viewing all the closed casinos and hotels along the way.  Ever want to zip line over the heads of drunks, fools and children?  Now's your chance!  Want to drink PBR and watch a 90lb girl in a bikini and furry boots DJing?  Here's your spot!
Who knew old slot machines still exist? If you're looking for one of those older slot machines and spit out change, that don't exist in most places anymore... definitely hit up Fremont street! I forgot which casino I went to, but there were a few that were like that. The last time I seen those was 6 years ago. Technology these days makes me feel old. geez. . . Anyways, back on topic... Fremont street was a completely different crowd compared to the strip. There were alot of older people that seem like locals vs the strip which is filled with younger tourist drunks. The concerts and dancing on stage aren't my taste, but it was interesting. Parking and the area surrounding it definitely sucks, I always have a feeling that i might get robbed or something. Maybe I'm just overly paranoid, but seriously, it gets kinda creepy sometimes. Just be careful. Overall, if you're looking for a different experience than the las vegas blvd strip... check out Fremont aka "the old strip"
I had a blast when I came to Fremont Street with my bf's parents. We were looking for something a bit different to do in Vegas and came here to check it out.  Fremont Street is supposed to be the Old Vegas, but strangely it feels too bright to be real, and too new to be old. This is something you'll have to see for yourself. The strip in comparison feels much richer in history and style. . . With that said, this place is a gambling paradise. 3 dollar craps table buy ins and slot machines that never stop chiming. Cocktail waitresses with hair styled big enough to house at least 10 small sparrows in it, while being older than the Hoover Dam. . . I don't know if I would stay on Fremont Street if I was coming here with a big group of friends. It's off the strip, the crowd is much older, and it doesn't have the excitement and wonder of the strip. However, I would stay here during the summer for a tame couples trip, probably at the Golden Nugget to enjoy their gazillion gallon shark tank water slide with cheap neighborhood gambling. . . You can also experience a 20 dollar zip line over the entire street. Save your monies, put your stunna shades on, and head to Fremont and get lucky in the casinos here. It's worth it for the gambling alone.
A little overrated and way out of the way (unless you have a car or a monorail pass). This is what Reno looks and feels like. A little more sketchy than the strip, but supposedly these casinos pay out 10% more than the other larger casinos.
If someone managed to compress Riverside into a single strip of pavement, I'd imagine it would be something like this. I don't know how fun it is at night, but the day time is full of sketchy booth employees, cheap games, crappy stores and some decent casino play. Fun to go check out, but a FAR cry from what it once brought when this part of town was king in Vegas.
The Freemont Street Experience involves an area of LV that, if I broke my cheap / lazy habit of staying at The Cal during every trip, I probably wouldn't go out of my way to visit.  That's my ideal, but the harsh realities of increasing airfare and the subsequent penny-pinching with hotel rooms have yet to allow for a Downtown-free vacation.  It also doesn't help that I can't seem to stay away from the shortbread cookies at Las Vegas Jerkys, Etc. (in Las Vegas Club), but this is a minor factor since shopping there takes no more than 30 minutes.. . Anyway, I usually end up taking a stroll up and down Freemont at least twice per trip.  Our typical routine is as follows:. . Visit #1 = a few hours after arriving in LV and checking into The Cal.  We're tired and hungry, so it just makes sense to stay in Downtown.  After stuffing our faces, we head on over to Walgreens to buy bottled water, snacks and a few toiletries.  Then we proceed to ABC store, where we buy a few souvenirs / gifts.  We loiter around the area for a bit, checking out the light show, street performers, the zipline and whatever concert is being held that night.. . Visit #2 = almost the end of the trip, so most of what we hoped to do as tourists has already been done ... and we're almost broke by now.  Since Freemont is less than five minutes away on foot, we head on out and pretty much do the exact same things that we did during Visit #1.. . Not much changes at FSE / Downtown in general over two (almost three) vacations since December 2010.  I can almost guarantee that my return in July/August to The Cal will be a repeat as long as I'm hanging out in the area.  I suppose that could be construed as a good thing, as it keeps costs low and saves a lot of time for me due to the familiarity.. . On the other hand, I should mention that it's not a good idea while walking to/from anywhere in Downtown to take shortcuts and side streets, especially late at night.  Try to avoid the sidewalk across from Main Street Station, as it's better to safe than sorry (I almost learned the hard way)...
I really like this place, there is much to do. I seem to come here every time I'm in town to check out their light show. The light show isn't much of an awe to me as I seen it plenty of times, but it's still great entertainment. There are many casinos here that we usually check out and walk around in and get some 99 cent shrimp cocktails. There is some cool deals on foods if you just keep walking around. The wifey usually gets the deep fried twinkie, but our recent experience here yesterday she didn't get one, pretty weird as its usually at routine ritual for her.. . Well other than cheap food, a shizz load of casinos, the walk area has some booth stands that try to sell you a over priced souvenirs which I don't recommend anyone buying unless you really really must need to get it. They also have live bands here on the weekend to get the party pumped up. There is also one thing I will try when I come back "FlightLinez" which is a zip lining spot that goes from one end to about 3/4 of the FSE. Price to do this seems pretty cheap $15 before 6pm and $20 for regular price I believe. It seems pretty cheap for the experience IMO, but the ride probably only lasts a good minute, no matter the price, I will be back here to definitely try this out for sure!
Tourist spot only. Unless you're there for the deep fried twinkies/oreos.. . If you're gunna stay overnight, I'd recommend the Golden Nugget. It looks awesome inside. & they've got a beautiful swimming pool for lounging & eating.
Its cool to come here fora few hours to check it out but you're really not missing anything.  Its more fun to come at night so you can see all the lights and sights but its just a big outdoor area with lots of flashing lights.  Been here once just to say I've been here.. . Meh.
ok so i have mixed feelings about this place. Its very cool to see all the great little places along the way, however i wouldnt suggest going at night. A lot of strange things start happening then...more drunks, creeps, and scary people haha. Its just not MY scene, but its ok.
The Freemont Street Experience is just that, an experience.  Definitely a must see.  I am only giving it three stars because it is Old Town and it is pretty dicey.  Avoid the Glitter Gulch and will be fine!  Also always ask for the extra shot in your 13 dollar margarita, it is well worth it!
there are cheap eats and drinks here but you can find that stuff on the strip as well... i had fun but it was nothing like the strip. everyone said we had to visit and i dont see why. maybe it was because it was during the day?... i was there from 2pm-7pm... TO ME it was not worth the trip and time wasted when i could have stayed on the strip.
Look, I am used to crowds. Chicago, NYC, L.A. Even New Orleans during Mardi Gras. But with the exception of Mardi Gras, I am just not used to crowds that are 90% drunk. . . At least with Mardi Gras there are gratuitous boobies, and that helps offset the stress level of getting drinks sloshed on me, toes getting stomped on, elbows in my ribs, cigarette burns on my new clothes, and hands out EVERYWHERE wanting donations just because they bought an old Bart Simpson mask from a resale shop or shopped the clearance rack of Fredericks of Hollywood or painted their face up like Paul Stanley.. . I actually preferred Fremont Street without the Experience - early in the morning from 7-10ish. You can stroll leisurely from kiosk to casino to souvenir shop, up and down, both sides. It's quiet and clean and everyone says "Good Morning" to you as if you were getting coffee at a Starbucks in the Hamptons and not actually stumbling around half-awake in the armpit of  Las Vegas.. . But yeah, once it got dark, Beth got annoyed. Most importantly, the rock band light show thing worked for me when I was young and still dropping acid. At 42 and a non-drinker and positively tired of The Doors... eh... not so much. I don't care HOW big the light show is. . . I have never seen so many bummy people digging through garbage cans and smoking the butts they found in ashtrays. I think maybe only tourists actually BUY cigarettes here. Just, gross. . . Still, it has redeeming qualities in the freak-show aspect of it all. Great place to people watch, and then laugh at most of them.
Ok. So this is place is not the epitome of sophistication, but it's still a place you have to experience at least once. If anything, at least for the light show. For all intents and purposes, it is best to go at night, because the daylight highlights how lackluster this place really is. . . This place is full of colorful characters, but be careful because they have their share of homeless people and people who look shady. This is particularly true if you are there late at night.. . In addition, they now have a zip line that looked really fun and I hear that some of the buffets are quite good in addition to being cheap.. . Their slots seem looser to me than those on the strip, but I end up with nothing all the same. Fun times!
I made a huge AHA! moment when it comes to taking cabs.  DO NOT TAKE A CAB when your coming from the strip to go to see the Fremont Street Experience.  We spent almost $30 one way getting there and it is FAAAr.  Also, try to get your own cab when heading back.  Try not to say anything to the guys that ask you where you heading and they pretend to work for the cab guys coz they're not.  They're trying to swindle you out of your $.  We were almost to the next cab when this guy comes out of nowhere and asks us where to, when we're just a few steps away from the cab and he expected us to give him a tip =(. . The whole Fremont Experience is basically just street performers and they have these light shows that would be amazing if you were intoxicated.  If you were sober, it was like M-E-H.  I'd rather go see the a live show at the strip or go to the Miracle Mile for some entertainment.  The main attractions here are the cluster of old casinos, cheap deals for food and drinks.  No need to get all dressed up because it's a bunch of dressed down touristy people that come.  Cool thing I saw was the zipline and if you do an all day pass it would cost you around $50-$60.
The downtown area is somewhat seedy that is highlighted by this Fremont Street Experience. This vaulted dome that flanks the promenade has light shows and also zip lining! I think that the zip lining would be a very good experience. However, don't park in the Fremont Street Experience parking lot because you can just park in one of the casino's parking lot and not have to pay a fee to park. 4 Queens, Binions, Fremont Casino, etc all are adjacent to the Fremont Street Promenade. There appears to be inexpensive souvenirs all around this area.
Classic, another must see. Really like the new zipline. However, Fremont Street used to be better. If its possible for Fremont St to go downhill, its gone downhil. Way to many folks asking for money now and WAY to few downtown hotels willing to endorse your parking. Still, the show above on the dome is a must see. I also try to stop in and see the million dollars on display at the Horseshoe. The zipline is bigfun, but I really dont like the zipline adds that seems to  constantly run up on the dome. If you go, go at night and check out the pool at the Golden Nugget. Also walk fast, dont plan on eating down there, dont make eye contact with anybody and keep your kids near you. Oh, and dont make a big deal of smells that you cant identify. lol ( ish )
If you go you can say, "Been there, done that". Then you can move on with your life.  The best part, it's free
The Fremont Street Experience is part county fair, part old school Las Vegas, part street performers, part shopping mall stage shows, part being inside a video game, all wrapped up together with a lot of lights, and people you would see at your local carnival. Cheesy, but somehow appealing for less than 60 minutes.
This place is good if you want a change from the Strip.  It is a little bit more on the divey side, so don't even worry about dressing up.  Put on some sneakers and jeans and just act like a tourist.  The entertainment is pretty much free.  A live band usually preforms on the stage and it is very lively.  The lit up ceiling has advertisments and lights all around.  It is pretty cool to look up and see everything.  They now have ziplining down the street that costs money.  It looked pretty cool, but I was in a dress!
The Fremont Street Experience is one of the few places that I can go to still drink (because as you can probably tell it's very important to me) with my younger friends.  I mean, there's usually always entertaining spectacles to stop and ogle at no matter how frequently you may be downtown or how long you've lived in Vegas.  . . I enjoy having the luxury of being near restaurants ranging from fast food to a steakhouse in walking distance.  The drinks are always cheap and so is the food.. . It could be cleaner at times, but I understand it can be hard at times when there's such a large gathering of people.  I hate random bums coming up to me to ask if I have change or if they can bum a cigarette.  I have no problem saying no though.
Ah, Fremont Street. The main appeal for Fremont St is that most it is cheap: lower limit tables, cheap booze, etc. The other main attraction is the light show on the ceiling. Husband and I tagged along with a couple of friends late one night. We got there at about 9:45 and a lot of things were closed. I understand it was a weeknight and the off season, but we just wanted to get something to eat!! We finally found a bar while our friends did the zipline through Fremont St. Other than the light show though we were pretty bored. And the tunnel effect makes it SUPER cold down here! I'm OK with staying on the strip in the future.
Everywhere has a low rent district.  And this is it.  It's been years and probably decades since I've been down to this side of town and it'll probably be the last time, if not for a long time.  But by then, I'll be an old man and old people just don't go down here for the sights, y'know?. . Parked around the block in one of the parking structures and it was creepy walking down.  Had to be on guard looking ahead and over the shoulder scanning continously.  Felt like we were gonna get rolled any minute.  And the sidewalks reeked of piss!!  Goodness gracious!!  Hose down the sidewalks please!. . All sorts of characters from all walks of life come down to hang out and be part of the scene and action.  A lot of street entertainers make for an interesting spectacle - kinda reminds me of Venice beach.  Hmmmm.  You can get rolled down there, too.. . Well, the light show above was and still is very amusing and pretty spectacular given it pretty much makes it almost daytime in the middle of the night.  This zip lining looks really fun, though I would rather do it over a much prettier sights - jungles of Mexico, Costa Rica, etc.. . Come down at least once if you've never been here, it's a trip for sure.
Freemont Street Experience is an open air tourist destination in Vegas. It is lined with tourist shops, bars, strip clubs, and casinos. The one thing that makes it different is the light shows that are shown on the giant light board overhead. . . The two songs/shows I remember from while I was there wereTimewarp from Rocky Horror Picture Show and American Pie. Timewarp was by far the best show I saw while there. The shows are every so often, and it seems the whole place stops when a show is playing. Everyone just seemed to stop wherever they happened to be and stood there looking up until the show was over.. . Four members of our group decided to do the the zipline which goes halfway down the street. One of the girls in the group of four made it all the way down, but no one caught her, so she slid backward and hung there waiting until one of the employees put on a harness that sat up higher to the line, went out and got her, and pulled her back. I googled stuck on the zipline to see if I could find a picture of her, and it seems that this happens fairly often, but every picture or video I found that it always happened to girls. Coincidence?. . We took the bus there from the Strip, and this was a convenient and economic way to get there. I recommend the 24 hour bus pass since it is only $2 more than the two hour pass and provides much more flexibility. The bus pass also works for the buses that run up and down the Strip, so you can ride to your heart's desire. While the buses are fairly lenient about who gets on and off and no one ever checks your pass while you're on the Strip, you can expect someone to check your pass if you want to ride back from Fremont Street to the Strip.
I never knew there was an old Las Vegas until i came here. . This place is pretty awesome. It has shows on the overhead and random people in costumes whom you take pictures with. They have many different places to eat and casinos to play at. Although this place is lively, i think i would much rather spend my time on the strip. A lot of people here are older and not the usual young crowd you see on the strip. Also, the food here isn't that great. It was great that i got to experience this place, but if you asked me to come back, i would say "i'd rather be on the strip"
I don't think I've ever been here in all my years of coming to Las Vegas, but this trip, we finally made it.  Our main focus was to go on the ziplines that my younger daughter and I were intrigued by from seeing it on Millionaire Matchmaker.  We accomplished that (see separate review), but we also really enjoyed the overhead light show display set to rock music.  That was lots of fun.  However, I have to agree with other Yelpers.......there is definitely a seedier element here, and they do prey upon the rest of us.  I saw some "interesting" people doing some questionable tthings.  Not my cup 'o tea.  Now that we did what we came here to do, I don't feel an overwhelming desire to come back here, either.  There's enough to do on the Strip; that's good enough for me.
This place would be great if it weren't for all the darn tourists... (kidding)
I want so badly to love this gaudy, grotesque monstrosity... but alas... I cannot.... . The strange neon light show was beyond basic. You would need to be very high or very drunk for it to come close to being "entertaining" .... The usual crowd here tends to be a little rough around the edges and on the seedy side., but that's fine by me.... There are gimmicky wares for sale and tacky, random celebrity lookalikes for photo ops... There are bands set up along the main drag and plenty of places to get sugary noxious looking alcoholic beverages served up in plastic boots...it's all just a bit too kitchy for me though..... . HOWEVER, I will continue to come to Freemont Street for 2 reasons:. . *Cheap Drinks. *Low Table Minimums. . Also, I secretly like the skeezy, sheisty vibe this place  gives off... we all need to slum-it once in a while.
They have made great efforts to really clean this area up over the past few years.  They are now starting to install old Vegas Neon signs for display.  This is very cool! I can't say I would want to spend tons of time down here, but we always make a day for Fremont Street when we visit Vegas.  They now have zip lines, so every few minutes someone goes flying overhead screaming....I thought this was cool until my husband pointed out that airborne drunk people overhead might not end well...Ha, and I was worried about the pigeons...Anyway, i love a little old vegas!
Are you tired of the crowds of beautiful women dressed in their expensive Gucci dresses and the loud, obnoxious drunk dudes that litter the strip?. . Then head on down to the Fremont Street Experience in Downtown LV and check out the ghetto women dressed to the nines in their fancy Wal-Mart apparel and the same loud, obnoxious drunk dudes. . . It's pretty entertaining for about an hour. After that take a ride on the Fremont Street Flightline and then head back to the strip.
Nice place to hang out, we went for the taste and sounds of soul.  The event was pretty weak!  But just hanging out on freemont street is always a good time.
If by Fremont Street Experience, you mean the campy neon canopy show, eh, it's ok.  The graphics and music are a throwback to what would have been impressive back in the late 90s.  I'm also not a big fan of the street performers honestly, as I don't like being accosted by random people trying to get me to take pictures with them and then trying to charge me for it.  . . I've spent a handful of NYEs and St Pat's at FSE, and those have usually proven to be fun.  The pricing for food and drinks is really reasonable, particularly as compared to the Strip.  Given, my times here have always been in groups of friends, and yes, on FSE it is wise to subscribe to safety-in-numbers mentality.. . What I do appreciate is that FSE is also the Old Strip back when the city wasn't much more than a train-stop, so for surviving the Vegas mentality of destroy-and-rebuild, high-five.
I walked it during the day which is just okay.  I would say go at night and research when they have the concerts playing.  Overall its great to see some of the old casinos like Golden Nugget down there.  Neat zip lining above the majority of the street.  Lots of street performers you can take pictures with.  Just lots of little things to see and shops of course.
GO at NIGHT. Every hour or less they have a special song on this screen very much Las Vegas style. If there is a catchy song, people starts singing and dancing right there. A weird combination of people in famous stars costumes, drunk people, families, kids looking with surprised eyes and  more. You can check the small casinos around and try the greasiest meal on one corner.
Freemont Street.... . ...by day, it's a trailer trash convention where not even hung-over frat boys will visit.... . ...by night it's a magical electric wonderland!
We went to see the lights(?) show. Lots of street performers, music, spray can painting guys, magician, and bad Elvis impersonators... the usual.  Didn't live up to to the hype. We saw the 8 o'clock show. It was okay. Just know that you have to watch equal amount of commercials beforehand.
Neon and Fun pretty much describes what it's like at the fremont experience.. . If you have never been downtown Vegas it's a must at least once and walking up and down fremont street is just something you do when your down there.  I wouldn't say it's something you want to do every visit but once in a decade or so would be pretty much all you need.. . The light show with music above is pretty fun to watch.  They put in a zipline which was not there last time I visited the place.  It's a pretty popular thing to do as the lines were pretty long.  It looked like fun but I don't care to be hanging by a rope up high like that.  To each is own I say!. . Local ~ Downtown. Fun ~ They have a Zipline!. Extras ~ Going into the old casino's is fun!
Freemont is that place you go to when you don't want to deal with the Vegas strip. The drinks are cheaper, the hotels are cheaper, the food is cheaper, and the women are cheaper...but so is the quality. My reasons for going to Freemont are the cheap drinks and fried goods. The light show is pretty cool and the zip lining looks fun but the people that hang around are...eh...definitely not the same type of people you find on the strip. I guess it all depends on your mood and what type of night you're looking to have. Freemont can definitely be fun if you enjoy it for what it is. The Golden Nugget  is a cool hotel to stay in. There are some historic landmarks to vist as well. Lots of energy at Freemont, try it out once and see how you fit in :)
Ever see that movie "Zombieland"? Or "The Road Warrior"? It's kinda like that. Oh, remember that song "The freaks come out at night?" That's not the case here. It's pretty trippy. There's a whole crowd of goths, punk rockers and... movie characters like Spiderman walking around. You can definately tell that you're not on the strip anymore. I even spotted a mini-Mr. T standing around. There are more artists and knick-knack pagodas spread out as well. It's cool to see the people overhead zip-lining across the length of the experience. And then of course there's the hot and trashy women dancing on the outside bars and on the gaming tables inside the casinos. Not so cool is the one stage where apparently anyone can go up and pretend they are Wayne Newton and sing karaoke style all day long. I guess there's a reason why it's called the Freemont Street "Experience". . . Because it certainly is.
A place everyone should experience once in Vegas. That being said, been there, done that!. . Highlights:. *Frozen Long Islands that tastes just like Coke Slurpies (outside Golden Gate Casino) . *$1 souvenir shot glasses. * Cheap, but short ziplining. * Perfect place to go bar/casino hopping
Edited, June 16, 2014. So I'm upgrading one more star due to the fact that the city had taken steps to make FSE safer for guests. They are cracking down on the "performers", upgrading police presence, and checking ID's for the concerts that are part of the summer concert series. Big names have played so if you have a chance to see one perform, I highly recommend it. Last summer they offered complimentary VIP passes via social media, but it looks like they've discontinued that. That sucks primarily because I went to see 3 Doors Down, my favorite band, and stayed for 5 songs.  They are using pedestrian traffic gates to divert foot traffic around the concert causing everyone to shove forward. It was so incredibly hot in that crowd, I felt like I was going to pass out :(  Getting out to get a drink is near impossible without losing your spot or missing songs.  People were complaining in the crowd about being bumped into, drinks spilled on them, etc. It's a free concert but I can understand the frustration. Seemed like last year, we ha more room to dance, get drinks, etc and this with like 10 people.  I had planned on seeing Papa Roach on 4th if July but being a holiday, I don't even want to think about how many people will be there. Sadly they are another fave band and I've never had the chance to see then live.. . . . . . The city is trying their hardest to get more people to visit Fremont Street and the old Downtown Las Vegas, but man they need to make changes. First off, the parking situation is not good at all. Whenever I have guests who want to visit there, we park at the Golden Nugget valet during the weekdays, which is free but make sure you tip, or we park in the GN Self parking ramp. It's free for the first 3 hours, and then like $2.00 for each additional hour after that if you get the ticket validated at the cashier's cage. There is a free lot over at Main Street Station, but I wouldn't recommend using this lot at night as you have to walk a couple blocks to get the Fremont and the whole downtown area is not a real safe place.   Second, if I wanted to visit the circus, I'd opt for that option instead of this place. There are costumed homeless people, crack heads, drunks, etc everywhere and these people will allow their picture to be taken for a tip.  A few years ago, there were maybe 10 people in costume roaming up and down Fremont, but these days, it's not unusual to see 30+ people not actually begging for money, but they do everything in their power to make people want to photograph them.  It's ridiculous!  There are people standing around with tip buckets not even dressed up, because apparently that's how easy it is to get money down there. Don't fall into this!  Third, a positive....the table games, and drinks are a bit cheaper than on the Strip.  Mostly all the casinos on Fremont, with the exception of Golden Nugget have $2-$3 Corona Bottles as a special. A few offer jello shots, fried twinkies, oreos, etc....pretty cheaply.  . . I discourage my guests from hitting Fremont when they visit, unless they want to people watch and drink cheaply, or have never been there.  I don't like gambling and having random strangers come up to my machine asking me how I'm doing, how's my night, btw, can you spare any money?  NO!  Go away!  Where is security!?  There are people begging for money now IN the casinos?  If you're having a tough time, I'm sorry that you're experiencing that, and if you look realistically homeless, I may spare a food product for you, but I'm not giving you cash out of my pocket, or machine for that matter. Sorry.   . . I hope the city revitalizes the place a little quicker because all the locals (my friends at least) groan when you say you're taking your guests to Fremont.  We're definitely not Club Kids on the strip every weekend or at concerts in the mosh pit, we're dive bar people, we drink bud light, coors, etc...and even Fremont is trashy to us.
What's not to like? It's NEON Vegas at its finest. Glitz, glamour of the golden years of Las Vegas remains on Fremont Street. The Fremont Street experience is blocks of hotels, bars, shops, restaurants, street performers, and experiences. You can even zip-line down the street! Check out the Mob Museum and learn about Las Vegas history. Go gamble at the Four Queens or Golden Nugget. Drinks in this area are super cheap if you pay for them. Gamble and your drinks are comped. The city is your oyster for the evening and go have some fun.
This is more a review for the place as a concert venue than anything else.. . I typically avoid this end of Vegas for obvious reasons - tough to get to, random degenerates on the street always asking you for money, crowded awkward streets... you get the idea. I won a "meet and greet" with Warrant and Skid Row so I thought I'd at least go and give the place a chance.. . The shows were good, but the night sure as hell didn't win me over. This place has a long ways to go to be the concert venue it could be. These are my major issues:. . First and foremost, they don't know shit about how to do meet and greets. They ushered us through fora quick photo and handshake with the bands and cast us aside. I wasn't even able to get my record signed - first time I can honestly say that about a MEET AND GREET. Come on, seriously? This alone is reason for me to never come back. In all fairness they gave us autographed photos, but this isn't the same as getting your vinyl signed.. . Second, the overall setup of the area by the stage needs work. Basically you can't get near the stage, in the "VIP" area unless you have a badge (won from the radio, press badge, etc.) This sounds like a good idea... until you realize they have made the VIP area so big that TOO MANY PEOPLE are able to get in. If it's a little VIP area with like 30-50 people with badges, that's great, and it lets the rest of the crowd get closer. When you make this section too big and you give lanyards to like 200-300 people, something is wrong. It got so crowded because too many people had the VIP badges, that being there didn't make much of a difference. . . Next, security needs to be a little more strict. I still ran into my share of degenerates, including some drunken middle-aged guys that were flashing their chests at me (I wish I could say this was a joke, I really do.) And no one seems to have bothered telling security that marijuana is illegal - I could smell patrons smoking it from the start of the show, right down to the end. If you're not going to have security enforce the laws, what is the point of having a security staff? I normally wouldn't mind the marijuana thing so much, but lots of parents had their kids down there, watching the shows, so it was totally inappropriate. . . It is also worth pointing out that the prices of goods on the Fremont Street Experience is ridiculously high - it's $8 for a regular sized bottle of water! Likewise, parking is not good - there are many casino garages you can use, but these are cramped, it's still a decent trek to get to the Experience, and you have to pay for your parking if you're there for a long time (granted this isn't really the Experience's fault, and there may have been more convenient lots I didn't know about, so I can't say this is a certainty.) . . Long story short, having free shows with great bands is always nice, but the Experience needs a lot of work. They need to learn how to do proper meet and greets, fix the VIP area, and start enforcing the laws properly. If anyone from Fremont is reading this, it's going to take some work to get me to come back. See to it that you don't disappoint.
Fremont Street is an Experience. Take it for what it is...old Las Vegas gone wild. . . The overhead show is cool. Zip line seems odd (wondered if there's a weight limit for that). Several live bands.. . All sorts of oddities to see....both local and tourist versions. Envision Cousin Eddie from Vegas Vacation with the 40oz beer or half yard cocktail, along with the side show freaks and geeks.. . The casinos have been updated but are very smokey.. . Most things are typical vegas high prices, except the 97 cent souvenir place.. . All in all, it's something to go see, but plan on taking a shower afterward. :-)
Fremont Street Experience is cool and great for people watching but stay away when they have what they call a "Special Event".  Last night we made the mistake of coming here when Brett Michaels was playing on the  main stage.  Every parking area had a $5 charge and there was lots of pushing and shoving your way through a thick crowd just to get to the end of the street.  It was like being in a sardine pack but hotter and sweatier.  Come on a less crowded night and you'll have fun.
Like an ugly, cheap stripper without teeth, there are its pros and its cons to  downtown. .    I love coming for a chill night, devoid of heels and pretentious people walking around (like the strip can have). Every casino is small and close by, so AC is not far to get, as it is on the strip. Drinks are cheap. There are flashy neon lights everywhere which give good photo ops, and cheap drinks, and cheap buy-ins to play in black jack.  Played for like an hour at black jack, in one casino with only 40 bucks. .    We parked at the Golden Nugget, which was free for the first 3 hours and 2 bucks after that. The bad is that it is far from the strip and I probably wouldn't stay downtown (maybe at the Golden Nugget) and the casinos can be skeezy and not glossy and chic like ones found on the strip. There's also some odd drunks/bums (?) walking around, but luckily none came up to ask for "spare change". Everything closes down around 1 on a weeknight....the casinos are still going, but rarely any waitresses comping drinks, and the light show goes off, and all the vendors pack up to go home.
So, there really isn't anything to do in vegas but sit at the pool all day and walk around at night (that is if you don't have time to visit the hoover damn and do other things in the area AND you're not much of a gambler). . If it's a rainy day, be careful  on the streets of Las Vegas, you could DIE, or break something. Everywhere is super smooth.. . It was interesting to see the progression of people throughout the week from Wednesday evening to Saturday evening.  The bands are pretty good, but they need to mix up their routine, every night the same set....gets played out.. . Cute girls on the walk... Good for people watching.
A little hokey and lame but I'm still glad we made the trip. There is nothing here to see that is really worth a trip except for the vibe and nostalgia of Old Vegas. The light show is cool but you'd never need to see it more than once. The type of people in Old Vegas are not the type of people you see on the Strip - it's a little seedier and much more downtrodden. A cab from the Strip is about $25 each way. Too steep for my blood. Fun to do once, but only once.
An experience, that's for sure, but it's GHETTO!!! It's about a half and hour cab ride from the strip (yes, not kidding), and the light show lasts about 10 minutes tops. Watch out for the drug addicts, homeless people, prostitutes, and pimps. But the lights are a LOT of fun to look at--it's definitely glittery and a lot for your senses to take in. It's a lot more low-key than the strip--you won't findparty girls in skin-tight dresses and sky-high heels (or, you will, but they will be "party girls" if you catch my drift), and you won't have the douchebag guys in their low v-neck shirts or vests over their button downs waiting for the club. This is definitely more chill. Take it for what it is, I guess!!
Fremont was a different experience from the strip and the rest of Vegas. It was cool to experience the original strip. It's a lot smaller like 2 blocks long so the whole walk down is probably like 5 minutes. It's more laid back than the strip and less glamorous...more sleezy. lol . . It was rock n roll night so they were playing all this horrible 80's rock music which drove me nuts but anyways.... . If you get too hot you can always go in the Golden Nugget which is nice and updated. They have a pool that takes you through a shark tank through a glass tube that is separated. . . My favorite part was the street actors: there was a ton...2pac, Snoop Dog, Michael Jackson, Catwoman, Kiss, etc. I took a picture with 2pac and Snoop. It's fun engaging with the actors. I give them major props. . . If you like to people watch, you will like this place. . . The other part I liked was the street artists spray painting artwork. Pretty cool. They are seriously talented. . . I missed the light show, I caught the tail end. . . One thing that I would like to do next time is the zip-lining but I was just too hot that day. But, basically you zip-line down the whole covered part of Fremont. . . It's not in the best area but being from Chicago, I am always aware of my surroundings and there is lots of parking close by for reasonable prices. . . Lastly, it was funny seeing all the little boys make googly eyes at the half naked street performers! There was surprisingly a lot of kids there but hey it's Vegas!!
When walking through Fremont Street, the first thing that came to mind was Hollywood Blvd. on steroids. You get a bunch of crazies, drunks, people dressed up as pop culture icons, and crackheads who seemingly only know how to ask for change or beer. The only reason I'd even consider giving it a 3-star rating is because of the pretty cool light show, free concerts, and easy access to liquor and beer from the bars and little stores.
Well....I dropped 30 grand on the Nugget slots, . had to sell my ass on Fremont Street.... . Tom Waits knew what was up all those years ago and not much has changed.. . It's changed, but it's the same.  . . There's a light show overhead, there's new casinos and the hotels downtown are looking much more upscale.. . But the real Vegas grit is there, you can smell it in the air and feel it on your skin.. . Dancing girls on the bars, a band at each end of the 'experience' and gawking tourists with their three foot plastic cups pushing strollers with passed out kids at 1am.. . It's sometimes a little too real, but hey, I like that.
Oh good lord! I've been here too many times to count, but my last visit was Rock of Vegas, a free show going on with none other than Bret Michaels. . . One new attraction was the zip-line right down Fremont Street, which looked pretty cool, and VERY happy that people are not like birds and just poop when they are flying overhead. (Yes, I was thinking that each time a group whizzed by.). . I was secretly hoping that the bizarre *blondtourage* from the Rock of Love/Bus fame would be hanging about, but no luck. We did see about four Bret Michaels impersonators, which was hilarious. By the time Bret came out the crowds were INSANE, and the heat was still in the 90's made everyone a bit .... um ..... volatile. I was at one point watching a woman screaming at a group of deaf people to get "the f**k out of her way!!" (Since they were all signing in ASL, I safely assumed they were.) I was more perplexed when she wanted me to join in on the anger, and I kept shouting at her, "They can't hear you, they are DEAF" and her drunken response was, "Yeah, those stupid f**k heads need to get out of my way!" I glanced over at the deaf group as they were all signing one another and mocking her by holding their hand to their ear.  Oh geezus, get. me. out. of. here.. . My panic attack kicked in full force, and the girls piled me into a cab so we can get back to sanity, on The Strip of course!
If you're in Vegas and not into the whole get wasted at a club crowded with sweaty and mean people, Fremont Street is for you! This blocked off street is the old school Las Vegas. The historical site has free entertainment on weekend nights. Beers everywhere in a pitcher or a high tube. The people here are nicer and more mellow an casual. Lots of street performers here. They have a neon light show at night every hour. The casinos are old and very cluttered with cigarette smells. . . They also added a zip lining experience which is really cool. Check it out here: http://www.yelp.com/biz/flightlinez-las-vegas#query:zip%20line%20tours.
A main thoroughfare containing several gift stores and vendors, as well as street performers and a light and scene show projected onto an elongated elevated screen encompassing several blocks. . . As a side note, most all conventions which arrive to the city display their themes here, such as characters, cars, music, etc., also yielding parades from time to time. Notably, the Annual Knight Rider convention, where KITT is parked.
Last in Vegas about 14 years ago and never made it to the Fremont area of old Las Vegas. Well this time I made it my business to get there. Gritty,grimy,noisy,colorful,weird,kitchky,slightly dangerous and fun! All of the reasons we come to Vegas in the first place. I will return.
I prefer the strip to downtown when I go to Vegas, but whenever my wife's family comes to visit we stay at the Golden Nugget. 1st thing... If you stay downtown, stay at the Golden Nugget! Excellent hotel with a pool to die for.. . Walking down Fremont Street at night is definitely an experience. There are a lot of great things to see. The light show (a must see for newbies) and the outdoor bands are generally excellent. The shrimp cocktail at the Golden Gate is a must have, although they removed the deli and is only available in their restaurant.. . The negatives... If you have ever been to Hollywood you see all the people dressed as cartoon heroes that you can take pictures with (for a donation). You are constantly accosted by them as you walk down the street. I stopped at a cigar kiosk to buy a couple cigars and asked the guy about all of the "Heroes". He said that the city designated the street as a "park" so they can't regulate them. The city really needs to control this. . . There are a lot of homeless on Fremont Street. Usually not a problem, but I have seen fights break out between inebriated homeless people. Last time we were there (Sept 10-14 2012) I saw a homeless woman beating the crap out of a homeless man. . . Last thing. If you have a desire to have McDonald's food, be prepared for a long wait with servers that can barely tolerate you in the "D" (used to be Fitzgerald's Hotel). . . It's worth going, interesting things to see, just be aware that you might see more than you bargained for.
A summer and a year just doesn't seem complete for me without the old annual summer road trip. This year Las Vegas was chosen! Steven and I wanted to keep it simple and not go to too many night shows and take it easy. Things got a bit more complicated than we would have liked but Vegas is a complicated city!. One of the stops we had in mind was going to the Fremont Street Experience. As another reviewer said it is a cross of old school Vegas with elements of The Strip. There are the old buildings but there is also the high tech gadgetry as well. . I wasn't too sure what to expect from Fremont Street but I was a bit disappointed overall. Perhaps I was looking for the high end shopping of The Strip but most of the stores here were your typical tourist shops selling t-shirts and key chains. There were street vendors selling food to the throngs of people lining up to see bands imitate metal bands of yesteryear as well as individuals dressing up as celebrities.. Probably my favorite part of the Fremont Street Experience was the portion of the mall (if that is what you want to call it) where there is an enclosed roof and the inside of it is a giant television screen where the images change at a rapid rate and at times feels like you are undergoing a acid trip. Another thing that was really cool was the ride where you climb on a ladder and ride through the air on a cable for about less than half of the span of the mall.. I wouldn't label Fremont Street as a do or die destination while in Vegas. Much of it can be seen already on The Strip but it does offer a slice of old Las Vegas that is not often seen unless you go Downtown.
Having been to Vegas a few times, and, even staying at the Golden Nugget - I must say that Fremont St. is something you have to see while you're in Vegas.. . Live bands, the light show above the street, and the general 'sleaze' is just funny to see.  A much different crowd than you would see on the Strip.  . . And what's up with people in Vegas keeping their kids out until all hours??!  So many kids passed out in strollers, or, with bloodshot eyes from being so tired.  . . Much more 'economical' gambling, as well.  YES - they still take your money, just not as quick as you may lose it on the Strip - LOL.  . . Highlights: go check out Four Queens, Mermaids, and Golden Gate (where there are actually go go dancers in the pit area - classy!!!  LOL).  . . If you go, just keep an eye out for the shady characters lurking.  You will see them - trust me!
Every time I am here I always think of Balrog's back stage on Street Fighter.
5 stars for the light show.. 1 star for the rest of the experience!. . Came here twice while on vacation to see the light shows with my 6 year old. The light shows are cool, a one of a kind experience. And free to boot! Really, it's a must see as far as the light show itself is concerned.. . I guess being that it is downtown Vegas at night, perhaps its expected, but be warned, there are half naked women all over the street in various costumes expecting people to tip them to take a pic with them. A bit much for a child to see. It's a shame, in my opinion, that everything has to be sexualized where a kid can't even come experience the light show without also having to see all the sexual crap. Women were wearing everything from bedroom lingere to bikinis to booty shorts with their butts fully exposed & tassels on their boobs with nothing else covering their breasts. I understand dressing sexy in Vegas, but these people were not dressed in anything hardly at all!. . Their we're 3 bands along the street each night I was there. The first night all 3 bands were awful. 2nd time we went they had one good band & the other 2 were bad. I was surprised to see such cheap entertainment in a city known for its entertainment.. . Some of the gift shops are ok. Washappy to see bottled water 2 for $1! But of course their cheap water ploy to get me inside & buy their junk worked!. . There was a really cool set up of two guys who can sculpt your face out of clay & they did awesome work!. . Overall, I'm glad we saw the light show, & because they have different light shows, we might go back again to catch a different one next time we are in Vegas, but we have no reason to linger here. Kind of an in&out just for the light show type deal. Also, it's only about 3 blocks from crack head central, some of whom make their way here, which is why I brought mace with me! For unknowing tourists it probably seems safe enough but when you realize that you are only a couple streets away from a whole neighborhood of crackheads & prostitutes, it really makes for a tense feeling.
My friend found out about this place on Yelp. We decided to head there on Saturday around 5.  Free street parking on Saturday after 6 pm.  You MUST put $$ in the meter if you think that since it is 5:45 or so, the meter man will not come by and check.... . The day before my friend and I parked on the street around 5:45 ( found a meter with 30 minutes left on it) and the meter man arrived and ticketed around 6 cars whom had expired meters.. . You can also park for free at the casino on 7th & Fremont. . . The lights are really pretty to watch and they have shows at the top of each hour 6, 7, 8 etc. . . Besides for the light watching, there is nothing else to do unless you zip line ( $15 before 6 and $20 after) my friend went ziplining here, and she had to wait almost 30 minutes, there were apparently almost 50 people in front of her also waiting to zipline. . . We also gambled at one of the casinos at the end of the street. . Gambling here and drinks are way cheaper than on the strip. . . I won 5 cents off a penny slot. It totally made my day.
Cool to see the older part of Vegas. However, we went during the day, so we didn't get to see the light show. It was pretty cool to see people ziplining across Fremont Street. There is a lot going on in that part of town. There was a band playing, which were really good to listen to. There were street vendors, including accessories and food. The old casinos were fun to see, especially when something old is kept the same. Everything around there is pretty cheap. If you don't feel like paying for a taxi, there is a double decker bus that takes you there and back to the Strip for $6. Everyone should go to Fremont Street at least once & probably better to go at night to see everything all lit up.
We go here most every time in Vegas and it hasn't changed as much as the main strip has over last dozen years. I do think there are more standard and bazaar costumed beggars than I've seen in the past and this last time I actually had beggars coming right up to me asking for money to get something to eat. . . The good news is that it is still an impressive sight and they had 3 stages  of music and performers to hold your attention while you wonder around. . . They've also added a zip line which looks kind of out of place and gives the place more of a carnival feeling. . . The sad thing is I see how much potential this area has to be something really interesting and unique, but unfortunately is seems more like a cheaper, lower quality version of the main strip.
I don't know if I'm worn out on the place or not but Fremont Street just isn't as cool as it used to be. I used to consider it the anti-strip, for those hoping for a value-minded night out and some respite from the overpriced strip fare. . .  There used to be $3 a hand blackjack. Not anymore. .  There used to be good value diner fare. Couldn't find it this time. .  The lights show used to be very trippy and cool to watch. I don't know if we even noticed it this time.. .  If you've never been, take a cab here one night. Or consider staying here if want to save a little bit of money from the strip prices.
Three stars 'cause I think some stuff that goes on are not kid friendly.  Its one big drunken party.  I saw two people get arrested for disorderly conduct, at least thats the way it appeared to me.  Looking at it strictly for adults, yah, it was fun.  Live music and performers up and down the street, along with the occasional costumed photo ops (tips please).  MIckey Mouse and the Smurfs are there for the kids, but then there's Capt. Jack Sparrow's wench exposing her pastie.....   The zip line is crowded, go early to take advantage of the cheaper rate before 6 pm.  Weigh over 350 lbs.? head for the Heart Attack Grill and eat for free.  Into toys?, the toy consultant on "Pawn Stars" is located right next door.  Donuts?, head for the Fremont for some Dunkin' Donuts.  The seafood buffet was really crowded, plan on getting in line when it opens or have a long wait ( the food didn't look all that good so we opted to pass on this one).  So to sum it up, I would say 4 stars for adults but 2 stars for kids, balancing out to 3 stars.
Crazy out here. Carnival (ish) and ten times more outlandish than Bourbon Street in the N.O. French Quarter.
Great place to check out when in Vegas. My friends and I visited one night.  We spent about an hour there and enjoyed it.  There was a concert in the street, lots of people.  The lights were great to see!  I wouldn't recommend staying on or near Freemont street.    I give this place a 3/5 because the people were very rude.  Many people/performers on the street dressed up.  Looking to pose for pictures (and for tips).  They were rude (yelling obscene things) to people and giving people the finger who did not stop for a photo or took a photo without tipping.  The tourist were like zombies and kept bumping into us--were were actually worried that they may have been trying to pick pocket us.  It's worth checking out but once was enough for me!
Its just what everyone one says, old and filled with the LV neighborhood. Great place to experience and see the old Vegas. Beer is cheap and be careful what you order for food. ( I got sick) :(. Don't think I'll go back, for the money I spent on vacationing in Las Vegas. I'll stay with the strip!
I am personally still not impressed with this area of town. It is still dirty and poorly maintained.  There could be so much more done to improve this area, with minimal funds or effort. They just need to do better with their current resources.
The light shows at night are the only reason this is a three star attraction.  Because other than the golden nugget, Fremont street is pretty bad.  But to the positive first, the light show is very entertaining and the different shows each time are nice.  We were there on sunday and they played a lot of 70's music (doors) which is alright by me.  . My wife and I stood in the middle of the street in awe of the light shows.  We just havent seen anything like that before.  It was even more interesting to stand at one end and watch so you could take in just how long the show is.  . The bad....well, fremont is considered old vegas, and apparently old vegas is dirty, smelly, and full of bums, alcoholics, and impersonators.  It was just really dirty and the people were rude.  . Considering that it could have just been a bad day when we attended, so we will give it another try the next time we are in Vegas.
my family use to really enjoy going here, esp. when school is out.  we enjoy walking down the freemonth streets, watching the light shows, going to the gift shops, listening to the free concerts outside.  . . recently though, the place hasn't  been safe, there have been shootings, lots of annoying homeless or psych people wondering giving problems.. . they should have more police patrols in the areas.
Took the deuce bus here. Good place to see diff characters and locals.
We actually came here Sunday afternoon to zip line down Fremont street but disappointingly they were under construction. I think it's worthing checking out once if you are in Vegas but besides the antique casinos still running, nothing stood out. Evenings may be another story with the light show and free concerts but don't know since I didn't stay long.
With all the times I've been to Vegas, I'd never seen the show at Freemont Street.. I've been there during the day for cheap food/drinks/people watching - but have heard over and over I *have* to see it at night.. . Meh.. Yes, it's a free block party.. Yes, all walks of life.. Yes, cheap and abundant drinks.. Casinos, souvenirs and freaks. What could be bad?. . It wasn't bad...but I don't consider myself any better off having done it. We stayed long enough for me to see three "shows.". . Tributes to Bon Jovi, Queen and the Doors. After the level of disappointment in the Queen tribute (the others had a few songs and were MUCH louder, showing off the sound system. Queen was barely audible and only "We Are the Champions"), I was ready to leave - but we happily stayed long enough for the Doors. Somehow, in the setting of Freemont Street at night, "People Are Strange" is the perfect thing to hear. Nice way to end the evening and not leave a terrible taste in my mouth. (Hell, I had a 48 ounce daiquiri - it was a yummy taste in my mouth!). . If I am with people who want to go there, I wouldn't try to sway the vote another way - but I don't think I'd suggest it as a thing to do.. . Like I said, Meh.
I have always loved Freemont Street, the price of food and drinks cannot be beat anywhere in Vegas! I was disappointed the zip line is gone, but overall another great time with music and food.  . . Will return to Freemont over and over, this really is Vegas, baby!
This is always fun to experience!. . The canopy on top is amazing and plays really fun videos and music but it gets loud at night if you have to get to sleep early.. . The bands that play on Freemont Street stages are always a lot of fun and have a lot of interaction with the crowd. My only complaint is that we were there for my sister's wedding and she got married on the balcony of Gold Diggers Club. The music from the stage drowned out my sister's wedding which sucked. There needs to be better planning in that regard. . . Also, there are a lot of gimmicks on Freemont Street. A lot of people are dressed up as characters looking to take pictures with tourists for money and there is some nudity - definitely not a place for young children.
Lots of lights, noise, people, everything downtown.  The one thing I have to say about downtown is they do a great job keeping it clean.  You can see everything from very limber showgirls, to kiss, to live statues, Stevie Wonder, even a 65+ year old Cupid wearing spangled heart shaped red pasties.  Spend some time downtown and experience the performance.
I'm not hating....I just didn't like this place. . . So this is the original strip and it's what put Vegas on the map. Binion's is here, along with the vintage Cowboy sign waving his arm. I remember seeing that sign on television growing up in the Philippines watching Vegas starring Robert Ulrich as Dan Tanna, Private Investigator. Yes, I'm that old if you remember that TV series. . . Honestly, I didn't know what to expect. I definitely wanted to come here and experience what it had to offer as it was also on my bucket list. We came here on a Saturday night, our first night in Vegas, so the place was definitely happening. . . It's definitely an impressive place, but I was not impressed. It reminded me of an adult version of Universal Studios' City Walk in La La Land. Yes, it's an all out assault on all the senses. . . There's freaks, sideshows, cheap souvenirs made in China, libation, celebrity doppelgangers, dancing Go Go Girls, neon lights, homeless, crack heads, gangsters, wanna be gangsters, sharks, whales, tribute bands and people taking selfies every second. I wanted to photo bomb some of them. . . Then there's the Pink Elephant in the room: Dare I say it? Yes, it is a tourist trap. . . At least there where plenty of folks who seemed to enjoy it and were having a blast dancing and frolicking with one another. Then again, most of them were sh*t faced whom I couldn't tell if they were dancing, gyrating or suffering from alcohol poisoning and on on the verge of vomiting. Yes, fun times indeed.. . Then there's the overpowering stench of cigarette smell and smoke engulfing the place. It is outdoors so you would think there's plenty of ventilation to blow out the smoke, but it just sits there suffocating you. My eyes were getting irritated and I couldn't breathe and see. My senses were telling me to get out and never come back. . . At least I can say been there, done that. Definitely not a place for me.
Even though thie might not be something really extraordinary in a city where extraordinary is the norm but i still think you shouldnt miss this place if your visiting (like who really lives in Vegas, right? he he). . . This place is about a 10 min cabride from "the strip" and is often refered to as "old vegas" where the first old casionos where back in the (ok Flamingo excluded). . You have Binions and Golden Nugget and such old school casino hotels as well as the famous Vegas Vic cowboy who used to wave his hands to the visitors of Las Vegas. . . Today you have a roof over Freemont Str wich is also a huge screen where you can see music videos or other fun things depending on what time you are there. . Its lots of people, restaurants and bars as it is on the strip just a bit different.  . . My inside tip if your in the area and suddenly feel the urge to eat a fantastic steak in an mens cigarr club kind of a  setting: Vic & Anthonys inside The Golden Nugget.  . Best steak in Vegas with nice ambiance and great servers. Bring your big wallet though because quality come with a price tag.
This place has changed a lot over the years. It's nothing like it was in the good old days. Still pretty cool and fun to walk on the street. I like getting the free pic with a million dollars at the Horseshoe. It's fun walking down the street and weighing on the big scale outside the Heart Attack Grill. Still fun free things to do. But nothing like it used to be
