This place is good, very good.. . Not great, nothing special, but good.  We did an AYCE double sushi date last night.  First, we waited for 40 minutes for a table.  At that point, we were super lucky it was all you can eat because we were ravenous.  . . All the fish was fresh and tasty.  Everything was rolled nicely.  We were very happy.  The only dissapointed was the baked green mussels.  They were terrible.. . I would go back if someone suggested it, but I certtainly wouldn't wait 40 minutes again for a table.  I think there are better places in Vegas. . . We tried just about everything...hamachi, snapper, smoked salmon, uni, scallops, mussels, yakisoba, gyoza, 2  salads, miso soup, crispy pork belly, tuna rice cracker, 7 rolls including sexy girl, 911 (habenero makes it super spicy with good flavor, a nice departure from the usual jalapeno) , sunrise,  frying jason, pastel, and so on.  . . The service was nice and efficient and the punch card is an extra cool touch.. . One really nice surprise is the variety of desserts offered.  The tofu cheesecake was extra delicious!
I literally live around the corner from Goyemon.  I used to frequent Sushi Hana, I missed out on Shin, but was pretty stoked about Goyemon.. . I WAS coming here twice a week for about a month.. . PROS: . Open late with a last call at 2 am.  Super plus seeing how my boyfriend doesn't get out of work until 1 on the weekends and my work schedule is just all over the place.. . Reasonable prices for the quality of food.  I like that they have an AYCE option even though we always ordered a la carte.. . My one peeve:. . After ALL the times I had frequented this place in such a short period of time....my boyfriend heads in with his family for dinner.  It was a party of 5 and 4 of them ordered AYCE... my boyfriend ordered a sashimi platter because he wasn't in an AYCE mood.  The server watched him like a hawk.... the ENTIRE night.. . Long story short, my bf is a bit of snob when it comes to service so now.... he won't go back in there.. . Sad face for me.. . Aside from that..... My favorite roll is the Hurricane roll.. Sesame chicken (karaage) is pretty good.. . Goyemon was all about convenience for me... :( pretty bummed that I can't go back
All you can eat for $26.00 is a great deal. Beats the Strip and tourist. It was good, fresh and creative. Definitely do it again and again! A no brainer!
All you can eat sushi. In Vegas. Revolutionary! . . Or not.. . Owned by the same people who own Monta and Sushi-Mon, this is another addition to their Japanese cuisine monopoly. As such, the resemblance to either restaurant is no surprise. In fact, just like Sushi-Mon they offer a small selection of special fish options for the day. When we arrived the only option they had available was their in-house smoked salmon, which was alright. . . The highlights: . * Braised Pork belly. Pork belly is gelatinous, fatty and delicious by itself, but given the right TLC and it's a porky palate pleaser. This is no different, but it's best eaten in small doses. The portion size is meager so that takes care of that. Flavors and textures are great on this one. . * Raw scallop nigiri. Not the "scallop dynamite" smothered in mayo, this is real, tender scallop. It's delicious and rare to find in an AYCE place! . * Uni was fresh, not murky tasting. . . Lowlights:. * Baked green mussels. Blah! Bluefin's are better.. * Orgasm Salad. I'd take a hundred screaming O's over this any day. Boo. Weird medley of assorted fish-chunks doused in a puddle of ginger-sesame dressing and a few wilted greens doesn't bring orgasm to mind at all- unless you mean that wet spot in the bed nobody wants to sleep on... . * Masago & Quail egg- I'd asked for Ikura but the chef assured me it was usually made with masago. Didn't float my boat OR sink my submarine. . . . The interior is nice, with lots of warm wooden tones throughout and low-hanging lamps.. . The service could be spotty. There was confusion over who was actually taking our appetizer/drink orders and a lot of shouting back and forth from the sushi bar to the servers. . . I'd rate this a 3 and a half star place. The food isn't awful and the service wasn't consistently bad, it just didn't blow me out of the water. I was tempted to go for a 4 star, but I figured rounding down will help counter the ebulliently high prior ratings.. . I'm willing to give them another chance and try some of their specialty rolls, but it's a bit out of the way and didn't make me want to do a dance of belly-joy at the end of my meal.
Sorry Elites...I was not as impressed as I thought I would be.. . 1.  We arrived to find out that there was a 45 minute wait to sit.  As we contemplated if we should go to our favorite sushi place that we both know that we will enjoy the fresh fish and not so over bearing rice on the nigiri's OR stay and try something new...so, we stayed. . . 2. The rice on the nigiri's were thick, hard as if it was pre-made and sat out on a buffet line .  So, I ate everything sashimi style as I magically made the thick rancid and hard rice disappear.... :-) . . 3. Fish quality wasn't bad. I really enjoyed that they have white fish on the menu and the scallop nigiri was amazing. . . 4. Pork belly! Normally, I am a pork belly fanatic. However, I feel indifferent.  The meat and fat was really good and had a sweet flavor.  I think the skin could have been crispy to have that WOW factor. . . 5. Crispy rice w/ spicy tuna was good.  I enjoyed the crispy texture and the spicy kick to the tuna.. . 6. Calamari was really good. This was one of my favorites. . . 7. I was disappointed that they ran out of hamachi kama....but wait...they are owned by Sushi Mon so they always run out of hamachi kama! . . 8. Overall...it was ok. I don't think I would frequent this place. It felt like it was more of a newer Sushi Mon with nicer restaurant materials.
I honestly don't see the hype. Maybe it's because we didn't have the AYCE but that means it should be better! I expected the three rolls we had to be flavorful because it had good fish choices, salmon, yellowtail and albacore. But in reality it was just eh....The salad was excellent though as well as the sake. So maybe the choice here is AYCE but I don't want to pay $27 to eat everything including rice...........
After reading all the wonderful high-rated reviews, I bookmarked this spot as our final cheat meal for our stay in Vegas during the Olympia 2011 weekend. Hmph...it was not the best idea and here are the reasons why:. . 1. When we got there around 7:45pm, Saturday night, the place was packed...and I mean packed as in it's super small and doesn't have much seating available, so when you include the AYCE option, I can tell why the wait here is always LONG. We waited for over 45 minutes before a table finally decided to get their bootays up and leave. Even though, the waitress was kind enough to offer the 3 of us seating at the bar, we opted to get a regular table and let the bar be available for the couples/singles.. . 2. The AYCE menu is quite confusing. You can't have everything all-you-can-eat...meh?? There were certain items on there were you were only allowed one order per person. So the math did get confusing for me. I'm no bueno with numbers here people!. . 3. FOOD: The pork belly that everyone raved about was MEH for me. The sushi rolls were also A-OK, nothing too crazy besides the nutso 9-11 roll we ordered. That habanero sauce they used on that roll had my mouth feelin like Angelina Jolie for a good 1/2 hour. OMG! The sashimi and fresh fish was very fresh indeed and those orders always came out the quickest. The chicken skewers were...what they were, just chicken skewers with Teriyaki sauce all ova em, again...nothing special there. The ONLY thing I really did enjoy was the AYCE option of DESSERTS! Mmmm, mmm bombalicous! I had 2 of the green tea creme brulees (which were sooooo decadent and perfect) and 1 red bean ice cream, how can you go wrong with anything that has beans in it? Yes, I'm Asian and I love my beany desserts! =P. . 4. SERVICE: It got kinda confusing who our server was. There were some dudes that would come out with our order but didn't take our order and then we had about 3 waiters that did take our orders back & forth. Major minus? Food came out WAY too slow-momo. I know there are only about 3 chefs working, but the place is tiny and I've been to plenty AYCE sushi spots and never had to wait about 15 min between each order. I'm ALWAYS hungry! Especially now since I'm still in precontest season for my fitness competition, so if I'm looking forward to a cheat meal, it better be top notch and the food better come out FAST. Sushi House Goyemon did NOT do this job well.. . Would I come back? For the desserts? Yes. But even that's not really worth the trip there.. . P.S. We had to hit up Jean Philippe Patisserie at the ARIA (since it's the only thing open super late and close to our hotel) right after we left this spot cuz my ass was still HUNGRY as EFF!
Seemed to have a nice selection of fish. I did notice a somewhat fishy smell upon entering but not in the taste of the fish, though I had only the spicy tuna this time around. The seaweed salad was easily double the size of most, enough to bring me back at least one more time to try out some rolls.
In agreement with other reviewers, AYCE was good. (Solidly good, not rave-about-it-great). Service was, however, great. The two rolls that stood out to me were the Ecstasy roll and the Pixie Roll, the latter is from a super-special section of the menu from which you can only order one of the five options. That's it. One. AYCE with rules, of course. Always with the rules.... . Twothings I liked is that they offer half-rolls or whole rolls. And, when I asked for "easy rice" aka "diet rice," they definitely accommodated. . . Pass on the tempura ice cream. Very meh.. . We had a 1:30 lunch, and there was no wait, so nice and low-key, with prompt and observant service. $22 for lunch AYCE.
Honestly upon my first visit I was going to give 5 stars...I loved everythign about it; delicious sushi, and quick attentive service.  We almost went here twice in one vegas weekend trip, but the wait was 2 hours the 2nd time so we decided not to.   Went back again this weekend and have to downgrade it to 3 stars. . 1) SLOW SLOW service.  We went for lunch and for 21.95 you get 45 minutes of AYCE.  Well...We didn't get our first round of sushi until about 15 minutes later...every round we ordered seemed to take 15 minutes or longer to get.  Although it's smart on their part...the slower they come out the fuller we felt.  . . 2) Sushi quality wasn't as great, the nori was tough making it hard to enjoy...nobody else seemed to be bothered by it, but i'm somewhat of a sushi snob.  . . I'd definitely give 4 stars if we didn't have to flag down someone to check on our order or to place another order.
For a all you can eat, this place rocks!
The food is delicious and the portions are pretty generous. I ordered the sashimi plate expecting the pieces to be small, but they were fairly big and tasted pretty fresh. The tempura was not too battery and the salmon teriyaki was moist. . . But, the service is a little slow. I don't understand why in some restaurants the servers walk around like they can't see the customers. This is one of those places. The servers would be standing next to us and not pay attention as we waved them down. 3 stars because of the service. And for some reason, the hostess likes to seat down customers and not give enough menus.. . The all-you-can-eat doesn't seem worth it for $27 at dinner, but seems more worth it for $22 at lunch. I think most people can eat their fill for less than the dinner price. Plus it's not fair for them to state that they limit your time to 1 hour for dinner and 45 minutes for lunch for all-you-can-eat (although I don't think they really keep track of time). I would just come for the lunch time deal.. . I don't recommend the tempura ice cream if you didn't get the all-you-can-eat. It's a rip off for $3.50 because there's barely anything in the bowl. It's probably the only dish here that doesn't have a generous portion. You can finish the whole thing in just a few bites. Plus there wasn't much tempura. And there's only vanilla flavor.
All sushi and cooked food are very delicious. It I gave 3 stars because I was upset the fact that when I write my name down on the waiting list she told me it would b a 2 hour wait.... I ended up waiting for my table for 3 hours and 10 minutes....but all this time they had empty tables in their rooms but didn't let us done in there, instead offered us a 6 ppl table to fit 8 people.... Fine! I can bare with that... But when we ordered she told us that there is no uni, collars etc etc... A lot of foods were not available from the time they opened the restaurant today... I just don't understand why they couldn't inform me earlier when I was writing my name down???? And ok fine i will order other things.. But the waitress was not nice she is kind or rude.... . Overall I am just upset that If they cannot serve the many food on their menus they really need to reconsider how they run their business here
After the epic meal in the tatami room hosted by Tony T. (see my review for the event), Eric R. bugged me to return here for dinner.  We arrived on Saturday around 7 and were seated immediately at the bar.  The AYCE is an amazing deal, as it includes the specials on the daily special board, grill items, salads, rolls, nigiri, and all sorts of other things.. . Some of the new things I tried included the grilled tofu which was quite tasty and amaebi shrimp head miso soup.  The shrimp were a bit harder to eat since they were not fried, but the flavor of them in the broth was good.  The mackerel was cured wonderfully.. . Since we were at the bar, we had a nice view of the crazy action here.  We were taken care of by 4 different sushi chefs, and it took me awhile to even start a conversation with Chef Jun, a real Japanese chef yay!, in front of us.. . However, the biggest disappointment is the rice.  Sushi is all about the rice.  The volume of this restaurant is huge because of the crowds, and the rice is not acceptable for sushi rice.  First of all, it was HOT.  I am talking just made, no cooling/fanning and hardly any vinegar/seasoning.  HOT rice with ice cold fish tastes bizzaroooo.  It ruined the meal.  I noticed the first time we ate here that the nigiri slices were all out of whack.  Because of the volume, the slices are not cut with precision but with speed.  I watched the chefs cut awkward nigiri slices that barely covered the hot rice.  . . Eric R. asked Chef Jun about the rice.  He said they have such a demand that they just use hot rice, and he apologized because he knows it is just like sushi faux pas 101...most sushi restaurants I have been to make rice in advance.  As someone who learned how to make the rice from a local Japanese market recently, I know that it requires 45 minutes to an hour of fanning and cooling prior to serving, and that is for my small batches (3 cups at a time).  Though there is a lot of variety and I have no complaints about the service or quality, I could never enjoy hot rice touching cold uni or cold amaebi or cold hamachi...you get the idea.
3.5 Stars..Got the all you can eat sushi, which was good and best of all desert is included. but the desert wasn't all that. Got gassed, sigh. The place was OK looking but heard the bathroom looks & smells good. But didn't personally go check it out. LoLz. The service was a bit slow.  There is a limit to 1 hour to all you can eat people.. This is an nice place to go eat baked & fried sushi rolls and a few other things. I rather go else where to eat all you can eat sushi tho. Not too into fried or baked sushi. Also my desert craze was not satisfied. =T. . Note: I ordered something twice and our waiter never bring it to me. sad face and I remind him 3x sigh. So at the end I just said for get about it.
Good they open late, closes at 3am. Bad thing was hubby craving noodles and they have no udon but they have ramen but they don't do noodle soups Togo. They claim they only have small containers for miso soup :( so I ordered 3 miso soups and a dinner entree and some sushi togo - hope it helps fill up a hubby expecting noodles to be brought back. We'll see... . As for sushi, everything came out ok. The dinner which had teriyaki chicken was beyond dry and the sauce didn't cover the entire chicken ;( . . Place looks clean, servers seem nice and it was more than half packed at 11:30pm on a Thursday night. Must be good or convenient but than again I'm in a city that never sleeps.
Sushi was pretty good.  Loved the fact their sushi bar was high seating.  Only downfall was that it was REALLY cold in the restaurant.  I do understand that it is a trick for establishments to turn on the AC to full blast to kick people out.
Unlimited sushi for 30 bucks. I did it in a heartbeat and I do not regret it. . . The waiters don't really wait on you hand and foot you have to track them down just to order more sushi but I had such a good time with my friends but I didn't really pay attention. . . . Tips: . 1. Make a reservation!. 2. Go with a group of people (I went with 7) who like sushi that way every one can have the unlimited sushi and you're able to try more dishes. . 3. Their mochi ice cream is DELICIOUSSSSS
I was really looking forward to having some sushi (actually, A Lot of sushi).  This was my first visit to Sushi House Goyemon.  Unfortunately, I wasn't too impressed with the taste & quality of the sushi.  Ordered the  Alaskan roll, Dragon roll, seared salmon nigiri, volcano, amaebi, uni, and for dessert- green tea creme brulee.  The Alaskan roll was a disappointment. I was hoping it would be similar to another sushi place (one that has a red mask in it's name), but it was lacking all around.  The sauce on the dragon roll was a bit overwhelming for me.  I tried the uni for the very first time & the only positive thing I can say about it is " thank goodness it was a small serving".  I'm glad I tried it, however, I willnever try it again.  The best part of my experience here was the green tea creme brulee.
Tried this place for dinner on a Saturday night and it wasn't as busy as I expected... the majority of the tables were full (with 3-4 opened) and the bar was full but there wasn't like a huge line or anything . . alas, my mother and I came in trying their s.s. combination, sashimi delux and yellowtail collar. I don't know why but whenever I get sushi with my mom, we never actually try the rolls because she likes eating a variety of things (not just rolls) so the combination was a good choice for us. but I def want to come back and try their pretty looking rolls!!. . the s.s. combination had these really yummy beef and fried salmon. I loved that their order of tempura was not padded thick with flour. it was so light and therefore, so yummy. the tuna roll is so-so so, I wouldn't get it again (no flavor or spiciness) and additionally, I wouldn't try their california roll again. it just didn't taste right, which is weird because how can you mess up california rolls. . . PROS:. -their sashimi is cut SO THICK. it was amazing. amazing hamachi, you could taste the freshness. . -the nigiri was very yummy. basically, nothing is wrong with the fish but the rolls included were off-putting. . -staff is so attentive and nice. the sushi chefs are hilarious to watch because they're so quirky! I'd recommend sitting on the bar. :) . . no cons in particular EXCEPT I thought the tuna sashimi tasted VERY weird. for all the sushi foodies out there, you can just tell when fresh raw fish doesn't taste like how it should be. I also thought the color was not a natural shade of dark red/maroon which heightened my suspicion. Though my mom disagreed with me at the time, there were only tuna slices leftover on our plates.. . the food is decently priced. all-you-can-eat buffet for $27 a person. though since there's so many sushi places here in vegas, I don't think I'd necessarily come back again unless I'm in the area.
I gave this place a second try (my first time was very bad)...But I give it a try again because my friend recommends the fish here is very very fresh. . . SO first we arrive and wrote our names down and waitress told us it will be around 1 wait but they will give us a call 10 mins before the table is ready. SO they called us and we told them we will be arriving the restaurant within 5 mins and waitress says OK...NO PROBLEM and we got there and told the waitress we had arrived....AND she confused us with someone else and say that "OH I ALREADY GAVE YOUR TABLE AWAY BECAUSE YOU DID NOT PICK UP YOUR PHONE, SORRY YOU HAVE TO WAIT AGAIN" SO we were all kind of mad...with the attitude that was given to us. We showed her our phone call log, that we were on the phone with them for 1min 16 seconds. then the waitress did not apologize, she jsut went "OH, COME OVER HERE" and sit us down. . . Just as we thought we can finally eat!!!!!!!!! I ordered the yellow masago (not sure what the real name is) I ate the sushi...then I felt something really pointy/sharp was in my mouth and it kinda cut my gums in my mouth. I spit it out and realized it was some hard broken plastics. I showed the waiter and he immediately took our dishes with no explanations or whatever and not even apologie. After 10 minutes he came back and wanted to offer us a new order so I was like HELL NO...and he explained that the people in the kitchen accidently broke a plastic container and he apolgoized. . . It keeps me wonder whether the it was the container that contains the yellow masago broke or was it another container that broke becasue it does make a differences, if it was the container that contains the yellow masago that broke I could be eating un-clean food. :(. . I Guess i wont come back again.
My expectations were through the roof but they barely got off the ground.. . I don't know man, it must've been a bad night. IT MUST HAVE! It's hard to imagine why on a Friday night such a highly acclaimed venue would have any bad nights, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt. I'm down for a second shot at this place, but my first overall experience was very, very mediocre.. . The rice to fish ratio was just ugh...bad. No bueno. Yelling mercy. By the fourth sushi, there was nothing I could taste except for rice. The rice itself is so thin, almost like jasmine rice. What is this, Chinese food?? If the rice was at least a bit fuller in texture I wouldn't complain. I can also tell the rice is packed differently. It sits there like a small clump, and its hard to break down when you're chewing it. It's very laborious and completely takes away the experience from the fish. No, I don't hide my rice. I eat them as a whole with the fish. Last night I really wish I didn't. Now that I think about it, I think I did leave a few rice clumps here and there under the dish. Hmm, I never had this problem at Xtreme Sushi.... . The service was nothing exceptional. Our waitress barely made any eye contact with our table and was slow to take our orders. It wasn't too bad, but I expected at least to be on par with other venues. I mean, the place was not even full and the waitress was hard to find like a rare pokemon (Pikachu in Viridian Forest, anyone?). I never had this issue at Xtreme Sushi.... . The fish is OK. I have to say the yellowtail is my favorite. I'm so glad the yellowtail did not disappoint. The shrimp on the other hand, was not that good. Everything else was mediocre. I decide to give it one last shot and order uni (sea urchin). I really like to gauge the quality of the restaurant by eating sea urchin. Sea urchin spoils quicker than other fish, so it's really easy to spot bad sea urchin by the dull color and the foul smell. Would Goyemon pass the sea urchin fish test? Hmm...The anticipation. Man it's killing me. I wave down a waitress and put in the order...GULP!. . Well I wouldn't know until next time because they were out. What?!? Are you kidding me...Although Xtreme Sushi has a limit of 1 order per person, I would rather eat ONE uni than none at all.. . So that pretty much sums up my whole night. Will my return at Goyemon be a better experience? Movie sequels are rarely ever better than the first one, unless Goyemon is like the Terminator; mediocre first, EPIC the second. Hmm, we'll see.... . *Hint hint, and Xtreme Sushi on Southern Highlands is still the best.* ;)
Not really a huge fan of AYCE sushi.  Seen this in California since the early 90's.  It seems to be part of the Las Vegas landscape.  I guess it is buffet mentality, most bang for the buck.  You would not think eating sushi in NY, LA or Tokyo would be a world of difference but it is.  . . I would say that in my opinion of all the AYCE sushi Vegas, Goyemon is the best I've seen.  I was more impressed when they first opened.  They have since increased their hours and business ten fold.  Quality is hit or miss.  Probably would not recommend Sundays, that's when anything raw becomes questionable.  One of the key differences is the variety of product and the fact that they do use fresh tuna.  Everyone else is still stuck on frozen blocks.  Which btw is pretty disgusting.  I think I mentioned this before, but anything bright unnaturally pink or red is frozen.  Maybe you don't care what you eat.  A friend of mine recently said "you paid $70 for sushi?  You got ripped off,  I usually only pay $25 for AYCE".  Patted her on the head smiled and said yes you get what you pay for.  . . Imagine this, of all the fresh tuna sold on the world markets, some doesn't get sold.  Just like the last bunch of produce sitting there in the grocery store.  Some of this tuna can become 3 weeks old.  It is poorly handled then poorly stored.  After this some company in Vietnam or Korea buys 10,000 pounds of this old tuna that nobody else wants for a rock bottom deal.  This tuna is already starting to rot and turn grayish brown on the outside.   But thanks to modern technology, these overseas companies invest in machine and equipment that will treat the fish with coloring and preservative.  All of a sudden it's red again, not really natural red, but good enough.  Then it is frozen, packed and shipped to the US.  Funny enough, these countries ban the sale and use at home, but the North American client is big business.  That is the tuna you eat in most AYCE sushi bars.  Enjoy!. . Back to Goyemon who also owns Sushi Mon.  But for some reason the quality is different.   Don't order ala carte, they don't want that either, that's why the same shit is still served.  Technique on sushi pretty good.  . . Tuna  - usually really good.  last time they were using a cut of the tuna that most people would scrape or discard.  could tell by the weird taste and texture.  1 star.  . . Hamachi - always decent, but all hamachi unless wild comes the same farm raised fresh, frozen, treated with preservatives or all natural. . Salmon - decent as well, though not a big fan of Atlantic salmon.  the only really healthy salmon is possibly Scottish or wild.  Seared salmon is good and gives a nice textural contrast. . http://www.albany.edu/ihe/salmonstudy/pressrelease.html. . Hirame - always good. . Pork Belly App - nice to see something different, tasty but the mango salsa needs some work. . Katsuo - decent, but they use frozen. . Amaebi - actually not bad; only one per person. . Uni - only one order per person.  seemed like a lower grade or frozen?  never had this before, taste is ok, but there is a weird uniform color and texture. . Unagi - same always good. . Sushi rice - usually good, though the last time was kinda dry and seemed old like it was sitting around all day. . Tempura - yuck don't get this, might be better in a roll or something. . Tamago -  good, thanks for making it and not buying frozen. . Super White Toro - bleah. . Red Snapper - actually frozen tilapia. . Gyoza - same pre-packaged frozen crap. . Green Mussels - yes frozen NZ Green Lip Mussels, super cheap and baked with eel sauce and mayonnaise. . Rolls - all good, lots of rice, you will be full after about 4 of these then so much for AYCE. . Service - Good and attentive. . All in all worth making a trip every few months to get your sushi fix.  Not the greatest in the world, but one of the better ones here in the desert.
Frist couple times I went it was great. And now the last few times I have been going the service has been really poor. I had to get up and give my plates to the bus boy becuse they kept bringing food out and not clearing other plates.. And haveing to stop them after having an empty glass of water several times The server forgot my card at the cashier.  Food is great! but I dont think I will be frequenting this place as much.. I will drive farther and go to the sushi mon on silverado ranch.
The best thing about this place is it is open late. We went at midnight and it had plenty of people to make a great atmosphere. They gave great quality food and the service was decent. I was relieved because we were taking my bf's sister and I was worried if we go late that the service would be bad. Not the case here the restaurant runs great at all hours. . . They offer ramen dishes after 11. If you have tried their Local Eats Award winning spot Monta (2nd restaurant ramen house) then you know the ramen is one of the best in Nevada.. . Also most AUCE sushi spots do not have this wide of a selection with options like: Pork Belly, Teriyaki Chicken, and Sesame Chicken. :D  The miso is very authentic and you can get the shrimp head in. . . ALSO: 911 roll is extremely spicy. If you like spicy try it! Get a large glass of water to go with it
Whatever u do, make sure tony (the sushi "chef") does NOT make ur sushi!!! He totally messed up the uni ( I KNOW RIGHT? how can u mess up on uni?) he basically took out the plate of uni and instead of giving me the whole layer of the UNI piece, he literally kept cutting the uni into pieces and laying it ontop of the rice.. which basically turned the UNI into crumbled broken pieces. ON TOP OF THAT!!  He doesn't even know how to roll out the rice for the nigiri. NEW CHEF PLEASE!!!  not trying to be racial but, THIS IS WHY U DON'T GO TO SUSHI RESTAURANTS WHERE u have MEXICAN sushi chefs. HE SERIOUSLY DIDN'T KNOW WHAT HE WAS DOING...I know it's all u can eat, but damn can u cut the fish any thinner?
My dad is only in the country for a few weeks out of the entire year. We tried to go to Goyemon several months ago the last time he was here and the wait was ridiculously long and the hostess was not too friendly so he got mad and we left without eating.. . Fast forward to today and we decided to give Goyemon another try. There were way less people and the wait shouldn't have been long but we were left standing and unattended for quite a while. My dad tried to talk to the hostess but he was pretty much brushed off. Again, we left without eating.. . I don't think my dad is down to try a third time and now my credibility with him when it comes to choosing restaurants has greatly diminished. . . I'll still eat here with friends though.
We got there pretty early and only had to wait about 30 minutes to get seated.  For $26.95, it was a great deal for dinner and the highlights were the Hurricane Roll (Shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, cucumber and avocado topped with salmon tempura, smelt eggs & green onion drizzled with eel sauce spicy yum yum sauce & mayonnaise) and Pork Belly with Mango Salsa.  We ordered a lot of nigiri and while the quality was very good for AYCE, it was not good enough for nigiri or sashimi. . . The one hour time limit and strict rules regarding uneaten food made me nervous but in the end, we had enough time to stuff ourselves.
probably the best sushi all you can eat buffet, but they gave me an estimated wait time of 2 hours.  Ridiculous.
Probably one of the best sushi AYCE I have tried so far, 5 stars. The sashimi on the nigiri were fresh and with the right amount of rice. Unlike other sushi AYCE, they stuff you with as much rice as possible. The rolls are meeeh, I had better, (-1). Their dessert menu for the AYCE were good. . . Service on the other hand were extremely slow. We placed order around 9:30 for our first round and got our order at 10:15pm WTH? Even though it was busy, I dont think it take over half an hour to put our fish and rice together. (-1) Then continues on with other orders like our appetizers and dessert. Takes over 30 minutes for them to bring that ready made mochi out. I understand it's a busy night but they should consider hiring more waiters since it's such a busy restaurant.
I would have given Goyemon a five star several months or  years ago, but since I never wrote a review it will now lose two stars.  I loved Goyemon after I became disappointed with Sushi Mon (Silverado Ranch and Maryland Parkway) quality several years back.  Plus all the employees i like there transferred to here.  . The last couple times i've been there I have been really disappointed.  The place seems to be adding way to much rice to their rolls and the fish wasn't that fresh.  To add to that I feel the service part has really gotten bad.  I can never get someone to refill my drink, take away the empty dishes, or take my order.  I know the wait is always long, but after waiting that long i would expect some service.  I think i'm over Goyemon for awhile.
I have to update with a star lost unfortunately. . . The last few times haven't been as good as before. I think they are suffering from growing pains and staff changes. I do not see my favorite sushi guys and I know one in particular does not work here anymore. While the food is still made right and the cuts were decent, it lost that personal, familiar charm and the new guys didn't make an effort to really talk. It was busy, so fair point that they may not have had the opportunity so maybe something will change again, with time.. . The big thing for us was the rice has been too warm on visits of late. Last time it was affecting the fish that it was not appetizing. While I get they are busy, they should have someone making and properly cooling rice throughout. It happened twice at a busy but not line out the door rush time. The second time severely changed out love for this place. . . We will probably come during a off time again and see what happens. I still thought the fish was fresh, I like the rotating specials and the many delicious dessert options.  As of right now, the changes has made this spot suffer a bit for me so it'll be a while until we are back. I'm hoping in that time they figure out how to deal with their popularity and adjust the way they do things to keep a standard.
A group of 5 of us went to Goyemon last night with all but one of us never being there before. We were very disappointed in the organization of "first come first serve" which is not entirely true considering one guest came in and said they had a reservation and the wait was half the time for a table. I was there 15 mins before the rest of my group and although there was an open table I was told I had to wait for everyone to get there. Even when everyone did arrive, we still waited to be seat though our table was sitting open in front of us. The hostess said she didn't want to overwhelm the kitchen but I thought still you could seat is and have the waitress take our drink order? We finally were seated after 10 mins. I have never be forced to stand in the way of the door with my table open right in front of me for 25 mins. The food was great but service was not. We were all worried about getting our order in before the hour window of eating because our waitress barely came to our table. At the end of the meal, we waited ten mins for someone to come take our payment and ended up walking up to the hostess stand to do it ourselves. Very disappointed in first impressions this place made. Make sure you make a reservation since it works sometimes and not others. How is that even fair?
This review would be 2.5 stars, but I am rounding up as a courtesy.. . I was not impressed. Lackluster would be the word I would use.. I've read the reviews. I saw the pictures. That's what brought me here. The hubby is not a sushi person so to get him to go to sushi joint is like pulling teeth. Well now it just got harder.. . We went around 2:30 on a Saturday afternoon. there was a wait for a table, but we took seats at the bar. The service was lacking, to say the least. Our hostess looked like she was pissed off at the world --the place got off to a bad start from the get-go.. . I ordered AYCE and the hubby had a spicy chicken bowl. The miso soup had 1 piece of seaweed in it (1 total - I didn't get any).. and it was oily and bland. The shrimp tempura I ordered was lukewarm and greasy. My husband was not a fan of spicy chicken - he said it was not spicy at all and was not very hot - temperature-wise. I ordered 6 pieces of salmon sushi and 2 hamachi - that was good but nothing that stood out. Someone mentioned this in an earlier review - the rice was quite warm for sushi. I typically do not mind it but a few pieces were actually hot and it altered the taste. I also had the tiger roll and the rock and roll - all were A-Ok.. . No one took my empty plates...and they were really piling up. When we were ready for dessert it took a full 10 minutes for someone to even acknowledge us. I get that it was crowded but I couldn't get anyone to look at me. The guy next us actually had to get up and physically go to the host stand to get his check.. . I'm bummed we had the experience that we did, especially when I've heard such great things but we were not impressed. They're are sushi places that are closer and friendlier. . . The food was okay but overall - we were disappointed.
ALL YOU CAN EAT SUSHI!! This restaurant is off the strip so you will need to do a bit of driving to get here. If you try to beat the lunch crowd you will not have to wait. Sushi choices are really good, and they made up a lot of their own rolls. I would definitely recommend you come here if you are a fan of sushi and and all you can eat restaurants. . . They have this HABINERO SPICY TUNA ROLL,  its so spicy that my friends started sweating and tearing up. If you can eat spicy, eat this!. . ENJOY!
Visited for dinner on a Friday night, July 6, 2012 (sorry, long overdue review!). . One of my local friend's top choice (Arvin T), but unfortunately, nothing too spectacular in my mind.  I'll leave it to the other 500+ reviews to clue you in.  I will say that there is sometimes worry that these AYCE sushi places pack on the rice and skimp on the fish to get you full off the starch, but I didn't find this was the case here.. . Enjoyable (most likely due to good company), but probably not worth the drive off the strip for tourists... unless you were very hungry and really craved sushi.
This place is okay, albeit slightly over-hyped. If I was in the area I would have sushi here again, but I would absolutely not go out of my way to dine here. I met Jessie B. for lunch here while on my way to my hair appointment in the area. We sat at the bar and most of the time I felt ignored by the chefs. It's almost as if they were purposefully trying to avoid eye contact. I sampled several half rolls, and they were all tasty with fresh ingredients. I just feel that with an imposed time limit for AYCE you really don't want to worry about being able to get the chef's attention since the wait to get your roll is still pretty solid once you do place the order, unless it is nigiri. I liked the scallop rolls Jessie had and 911 and Athena were solid. I think the rolls and the names are pretty much identical to Sushi-Mon who only had slightly higher rating from me due to better/faster service.
I was hoping for a little better.  Nice place I enjoyed my food, but everything was a little bland.  I still liked my sushi and some things were really good, but overall it was underwhelming.  Here is my rundown. . Regular rolls including spicy shrimp with yum yum sauce  crab meat roll and yellowtail were good but no bite.  The eel nigri was very tasty.  Albacore nigri was over powered by lemon.  The Mingus had a very nice tempura finish. And the catapillar had a lot of avocado which I love.  I also love cream cheese so I tried the baked lasagna sushi. I found it somewhat disgusting.  Lots of oozing warm cream cheese.  Yuck.  The tempura ice cream was interesting and a nice cap to the meal. Crunch and cream.  I liked enough that I will try again, but overall I prefer sushi koma.
Par to sub par for a AYCE sushi bar. . Nice atmosphere, decorating, lighting, outside seating, and open till 3am, are some of the selling points, but their fish pieces are small, sushi rice was borderline and their sashimi salad was a sad excuse. . Unlike other AYCE, their soft shell crab is not included in the $27 price tag. . Their one redeeming item was their "pork belly". Pretty incredible, actually. Ive never seen this item at other sushi bars, but after eating their sushi i understand why they added it to the menu..... I suspect it's their only reason for success.
Visited here on Sunday with my sister & her fiance. I did realize I had a stamp card from my first time here, this being my second time. Too bad the card expired since it had been 1.5yrs since my first visit. One year expiration, oh wells lol.. The place is fairly small. I can imagine during the busy times there might be a long wait. A plus is that it's open very late(3am) every day, even Sunday. The wait tonight wasn't too long, 20min. I could have sworn the dining time limit posted was 90min but it's 1hr now. I could be wrong and I'm not sure how strictly they enforce it.. All-you-can-eat(AYCE) is always the way to go! $27 for dinner here. I do remember the wonderful crispy rice cracker with spicy tuna on top of it. If the rolls look similar to Sushimon, I believe it's the same owners. I'm told they also own Monta Ramen. I had the seared salmon salad. The dressing was a bit salty. My sister HAD to order the Mahalo Roll, which is basically a spam musubi in roll form. Our hawaii roots hehe. Ordered cajun albacore & seared salmon nigiri. They were pretty small even for nigiri, with paper thin slices of fish. Those actually were pretty salty to taste too. That part disappointed a little since those are two of my favorite things to eat when having sushi. Ordered a few other rolls and appetizers. I also sampled others between the 3 of us. Rest were decent aside from the salty nigiri & salad.. Service was very good. When waiting for a table, they will take your number and call you when something is available. Our waitress was very attentive, checking on us often and refilling drinks and taking empty plates away.. A decent place to get your sushi fill. I was sitting on 3.5 stars for this place. I couldn't in my right mind round it up though. Since theres other places I would prefer over Goyemon that I gave 4 stars.
More like 3.5 stars, but nothing really impressed me. This place was pretty good, but I think my heart will always lie with Asahi in Riverside.  . . PROS: . Decent price for ayce ~$25. Didn't have to wait too long. Mochi ice cream- vanilla, strawberry. Green tea ice cream. . CONS:. Too much rice in their sushi. Baked mussels were over- baked (and we ordered this multiple times)
It's good but on my third visit I was not impressed. I felt the fish to rice ratio was not too good, tiny slice of fish with too much rice. Slow service. I just wanted to place all my order at once but the waitress said it was too much food. Which I assured her Ive been there before and that's how much I eat.  So had to break down the order into 3 orders and had long waits in between. Only plus they do half roll orders so you can try more.
3.5 stars. . Been to this place a few times that I've already got through a couple stamp cards with friends and family.  The last visit was probably late last year with group of friends.  That was the last time I fully enjoyed this place. It used to be my favorite sushi spot in Vegas.. . AYCE is the way to go when dining at Goyemon. Tried the seared salmon salad and it was delicious but a little too much dressing for my taste.  Specialty rolls galore. I'd have to say my favorite is the Sexy Girl.  Salmon skin hand roll was blah, no flavor but the right amount of gobo.  It's nice because they do do half rolls. I took my bff from Boston here yesterday and sat next to a couple who ordered many times but all half rolls. Smart couple. . . I LOVE their spicy tuna rice cracker but unfortunately it's only on their dinner menu.  Pork belly is hit or miss for me there (also only on the dinner menu). I love it when it's super tender but have had orders when it's more on the chewy or burnt side. Bff and I ordered nigiri which I don't normally order.  We did enjoy the garlic tuna, super white was OK, she enjoyed the cajun albacore. I was sad that my green tea ice cream which I always look forward to was half melted by the time I got it and BFF didn't expect her tempura ice cream to be soggy as opposed to the crunchy outside she expected :(. . The reason I didn't give a 5 star rating as I would've last year is that the service went downhill. I remember staff being more attentive with filling my water and more friendly upon entering the restaurant.  Might be a while before I make another visit...
You know, after reading all the reviews I was really excited to try this sushi joint. It was packed when I got there which isalways a good sign you know they are moving a lot of product and everything was FRESH FRESH FRESH. So why three stars? To begin, the sushi its self was cut and prepared right, but I felt constantly harassed to order my next item and could never relax and savor the experience.. The rice was the right texture, and I felt the portion was good. Hot dishes take quite a bit of time to come out so be sure to order them in advance. The conch special was incredible, but I did't care for their saba or hamachi, I've had much better at other establishments. . In my experience they are a good sushi restaurant, but I'm not sure about all the hype? I'll have to try it again.
Fish was fresh, rolls are good and the best part, you can get 1/2 rolls (4 pcs) so you can try many rolls! . . Try the sashimi salad! I love the dressing that is on it. Stay away from the poke salad. My cubes of tuna was hard. . . Service was beyond terrible. There were 2 empty tables for 25 minutes but the hostess said she couldn't seat us until the waitresses/waiters gave her an ok. What?! I was heated before eating my food. . . They actually have pretty good food for an ayce place. It's a shame that the service was so bad because even though the food is decent, I will probably not be back.
The only thing i dint like in this place was the unagui sauce i ask the sushi master why this sauce looks like that,he anwser is because comes is a plastic bottle is not from scratch,huf that sauce was terrible very bad teaste not like the real sauce, the service was exelent very good
I came to this spot with my girlfriends before heading back home because we were craving some sushi. This place is just OK. I wasnt expecting spectacular quality of  fish because after all, it is an ayce sushi spot. What i really like about this place though is that you can order half rolls so that you don't get overly full off of the rolls and have more room to try other things. 2 stars off for horrible service. We literally had to call over the hostess because our server was nowhere to be seen 80% of the time.
The sushi no longer makes up for the staff who act like they're too busy to provide excellent service. Sometimes when I go in there I don't feel very welcome, I almost stay and eat in spite of the service. Some of the girls there are very sweet and attentive but most of the staff just rolls their eyes every time you want to take an order. If the owner won't hire more waiters, don't take it out on the customers, we would prefer you had more people waiting the tables.
We had the AYCE... which was good and not so good.. . Sushi quality could have been upped slightly... The fish could have been fresher. The amount of options were definitely 5 stars but I'd definitely rather spend a bit more and have a la carte at a better sushi restaurant. . . Seared salmon was delicous and I loved the skewered items. Uni was definitely not fresh on our visit. . . Definitely look on the specials menu to see what else is available for ordering!
Hey, have you had AYCE sushi before? Then be prepared to have exactlythe same thing you're used to here! Goyemon is yet another cookie-cutter representation of the business that is AYCE sushi in Vegas. Be prepared for identical price, selection, and overly-riced composition with little variation between creatively named rolls.. . I guess if you're in the AYCE mood, this place does just fine. I had a selection of sushi rolls, salads, fried up appetizers, and nigiri. Everything was shockingly as I expected it to be. Though, my favorite nigiri (garlic tuna) was very underwhelming. More garlic sauce, please! And stop cutting them so thin. Oh, one major downer is that you have a time limit. 45 minutes, I believe. For that, I'd rather just go to Kobe anyway. No time limits, the same quality, and the atmosphere is nicer.. . Prices are unsurprisingly in line with every other sushi place of this caliber. Around $22-23 for lunch, and around $28 for dinner. Seriously, I'm beginning to think there's some kind of form you fill out online to open a sushi place in Vegas. Everything provided for you, you just put the money down! Just like a McDonald's, or a gas station. "The same great AYCE experience where ever you go!" I'll take royalties on the slogan.
Taste: 3. Value: 4. Cleanliness: 3. Atmosphere: 2. Wait time:2. Overall:3. 1 being the worst, and 5 being the best. . I came here with some local friends late night while in vegas.. It seemed like a good idea for AYCE but the quality still felt like AYCE, the only other places I been which was Yama in vegas and Keanyama in Fremont that their all you can eat still tasted like a traditional sushi.. . There was a bunch of locals that got off work and drunk people here, the wait time was over 30 minutes and there was only one person in front of us.. . The staff was pretty rude, when we asked for more water or utensiles, they didnt have any expressions or any saing just brought it over, no thank you, or how is the food, can I get you anything else, Also We made eye contact quite a few times but they ignored us.( people I was with were all sober locals) so I dont see why the service was so bad.. . We had the talked about pork belly which was good, Should have ate way more of that than the sushi.. . I would go back if yama isnt open.. . also there is a one hr limit and anything uneaten you have to pay for.
I remember this place being pretty good. I personally thought it was over hyped...and a bit pricey in comparison to sushi kaya. It's not a knock your socks out place but more as a safety choice for sushi if you have no where else to go. Not a big selection either. . Also...the service? 1 star. And it's ridiculous how long it took for them to finally take my order.
The food there is delicious, however, that being said the service can be lacking and this tiny place is usually packed to its limits. One night it took the entire course of my meal to get the first thing I ordered (miso soup). The only reason I frequent this place is the convenience of the place being open to 3am.
I was so excited to come here after all the rave reviews and hype from friends. So I finally go with a group a friends to try it out! . . They have a nice selection of rolls and the norm for nigiri, decent for AYCE. . There is also a selection of the days special and what's fresh, so that's nice to look at.. Quality of the rolls were just OKAY, the rice on my rolls were a little...soggy?. The deep fried rolls were very tasty, and fulfilling.. I have to commend the spicy rolls they have here though! The spicy rolls, in particular one...was HOT!. Besides the spicy rolls, the dessert was a pretty good factor in making me like this place, the creme brulee was great!. . Service was okay, the servers can be dauntingly slow and inattentive. They took forever to bring the check to us, despite rushing us to finish our meal.. . I might return to Goyemon to give it another try, but in the meantime, I'm in no rush.
I'm afraid to even write this review... EVERYBODY seems to absolutely ADORE this place... I've heard a lot about it, everyone ranting and raving about how GOOD it is. Everytime I try to come here, there is always a wait and HB and I are not about that life. . So we came for lunch. HB got a cucumber roll and loved it. . I ordered Edamame, Steamed Shumai, Seaweed Salad, Tuna Poke, and yellow tail, tuna, salmoon and fresh scallop nigiri. '. I was FAR from impressed by their Tuna Poke. Amando S. can make it better at home! The Edamame was crisp and good... the Shumai was PLAIN - I think I ate like ONE piece. The Seaweed salad was good... aaaaaand the Nigiri... It was OKAY. The Tuna seemed a little fishier than I normally experience however the Scallop WAS quite good. The scallop is so hit or miss depending where you are at and they served it very well here so that was definitely a good thing! . I just don't know what all the hype is about! It was GOOD don't get me wrong but my mind was not blown!
I have more stars to give and wanted to give more. I was torn between 3 to 4 stars but in the end it was just mediocre. I went in thinking it wasn't going to stack up at all next to my beloved local sushi spot. I was pleasantly surprised at times and at other times I wanted to be teleported back to my sushi spot. .  . There were 6 of us who ordered the AYCE option. The stand outs were the super white  tuna sashimi and the garlic tuna sashimi. . The spicy tuna on crispy rice was good however our spot does it better and brings the heat with the addition of a jalapeno slice. Speaking of heat, the 911 roll was talked up to be incredibly spicy. It had some heat but I've had spicier and this was their only spicy roll which was a bit disappointing. The other rolls left me wanting more, more flavor, more combinations, and better presentation. They all tasted very plain to me. . Clicks heels three times ::: I want to go home, I want to go home, I want to go home.. . The garlic edamame tasted like it was sauteed in olive oil and garlic, it too left something to be desired. . . The options of deserts were a nice ending to the meal. I typically don't do desert at our local spot but it was part of the AYCE so why not. The chocolate mousse and green tea creme brulee were both good. However not outstanding. . . For everything I ate spending only $30 before tip was a good deal. Sometimes you do have to spend more to get more.
Really fast service I order all you can eat and I enjoyed most of there special menu rolls.
Just okay...I would say the most over rated sushi joint in town. This place is always packed but the cucumber salad and tuna poke were as bland as can be!! Everything else was just okay...the sexy girl was fantastic!!!!!
Decent sushi. Their unagi (BBQ eel) is terrible and that's my favorite. The salmon and other rolls are good.
I will admit, the food is amazing. But the last time I went there, my dad found a live cockroach underneath his sushi. Then our waiter killed it and then asked "Do you still want it?" The food is good, but we're not coming back. After finding that cockroach, no.
