I am a HUGE burger fan.  I mean, I LOVE burgers, love them more than anything in the world.  In fact, I think that my overwhelming love of burgers kind of makes me an expert.  With that said, the burger here was good.  There were JUST a few things that could have been changed to make it GREAT.. . I ordered the farm burger, and like the rest of my group, it was cooked just north of medium.  Also, the fried egg that was supposed to "ooze" as I bite into my burger did not ooze.  It really barely squished a bit.  THAT was most disappointing.  Despite the slightly over-cooked patty and the non-oozing fried egg, the burger was good.  If those two things had been on par, it probably would have been freakin delicious.  Along with the burgers, we also ordered the sweet potatoe fries and the garlic parmesan fries, and both were great, but ordinary.. . Our server was awesome.  She was nice and super knowledgable about the menu and happily answered each and every question we had with extreme detail.  . . Oh yes, and the last thing I want to mention is that our food took a really long time to come out, at least 40 minutes.  I wanted to LOVE this place because I'm a huge Gordon Ramsay fan, but I would say that with the amazing burgers all over Vegas, sadly I probably will never return.
Went here for lunch and had their mexican burger.  The burger was ok, nothing special.  I feel they could do more as far as flavor and seasoning. They have a decent beer list.  The location is cool and great for people watching.  I'd go back but prob try some other places first.
Was there today with my girfriend.. Agree with comments about the skimpy outfits. Really if Ramsey wanted this place to look like hoot. ers, he should have made also sure that all girls LOOK like girls from Hooters. Service was excellent, I was served 7 refills on my diet pepsi(hangover dehydration you see) instantly and generally had no complaints from the service.. As to the food now. We took onion rings(yummy, cripsy) with parmesan cheese and 2 sauces. Hellfire burger was good although a bit too spicty for my tastes-but I knew what I was ordering. My girlfriend's Europe Burger unfortunately wasn't as good, as it was burned on the outside. Both burgers were ordered and served at the same time, both ordered medium, so I don't know how this happened. . A dissapointment was the fact that the burgers came with NO sides at all. I know they are trying to make money off sides, but really, 15-17$ for a not-so-big burger with NO sides?. Generally I can't say I was dissapointed, but I wasn't impressed either, hence the 3 star rating. I iwll keep going to my favourite Gnad Lux Cafe for food when I am in Vegas.
It took me a hot minute to figure out why this place was called BurGR with the emphasis on the GR and the misspelling of the word 'burger' in such an odd manner. But yo, my friends didn't catch onto it either and they go to USC (some go to UCR too so we balance the highs with the lows, we a diverse bunch). . . But yeah, for those of you wondering, the GR is for Gordon Ramsay, that arrogant bloke that we all know and love from Master Chef and Hell's Kitchen fame. . . I actually thought the GR would have stood for Gastro Release or Great Reaming ... but no! It is simply a clever way to secretly endorse the great GR $munny$ himself. Okay, I dunno what I'm saying.. . We had to wait a fairly ridiculous amount of time to seat 7 people. I don't think 7 is too big of a group especially when you're considering it's Vegas. Maybe I'm wrong though. I think they quoted us at 20 minutes, but it was definitely at least an hour. The girls working were also wearing skimpy ass clothes, but I didn't understand what they were supposed to be. They just sort of reminded me of the Hot Dog on a Stick girls. Maybe that's what they were going for though .... . I think I had just recovered from a pretty massive hang over when I came here, so a greasy burger and 'truffle' fries sounded right up my alley. To note, I was also sick. Yeah, I was sick, exhausted, and hung over in Vegas on New Year's Eve. IDGAD, IDGAF. numbersignSWOLOnumbersignYAG ... (+100 pts if you get that). . Any way, I ordered the Farm burger which clocked in at an amazing $15 price tag (sans frites to boot!) solely because it touted duck breast bacon and a fried egg. Let me tell you that a duck breast bacon ain't anything different from a regular bacon. Maybe my tastebuds don't know anything about anything, but I couldn't tell the difference. In fact, the entire burger tasted really bland. Like ridiculously so. But then again, I was sick, so I dunno! . . I also got truffle fries that came with a house ketchup which was just sweet and a truffle white sauce thing? Which was just creamy and bland. I preferred the ketchup. The fries alone were salty. Sorry I can't use foodie words like umami and pungent and mouthfeel. Fries were salty. Ketchup was sweet. Burger tasted like nothing. The end. Simple as it gets.. . The fries DID come in a cone though, which impressed me. That's some fancy EURO shit right there. I dug that. Regardless of serving apparatus, they were still pretty unimpressive fries. It's like handing someone shit on a golden platter. It's impressive for a second or two, and then you kind of get dismayed. . . The bar next door was cool though. The bartender made me a white russian and he didn't even card me! I'm 21 of course, but me being a baby faced Asian don't help, so I guess I was glad that he was kind enough to believe in me. . . All in all, not as big of a disappointment as Wicked Spoons. And seeing as how the alternative was to eat at the $77 Cesar's buffet, BurGR was a welcome choice. I'd take a good ol' Father's Office burger or Umami burger any day though. Hell, even the Counter would do.
I wanted to love this place. The decor was nice, the food looked perfect, the staff went above and beyond.. . Hell, Master Chef Gordon Ramsay owns it, it must be amazing!. NOT!. . The food was just "OK". Especially for the price: 4 diners, 4 burgers 2 fries, 2 onion rings, a shake, a beer, iced tea and a pepsi came out to $150+.. . You can do better in this location for the food and the price.
The wife and I went today for lunch.  Arrived with a very short wait for a table.. . Service - The service was good, and really would have been great if our waitress wasn't as long winded.  She was incredibly friendly, but maybe she was trying a bit too hard.  It wasn't a big deal in the end, and she was really energetic and informative, so this is most likely an empty complaint.  Our water was kept full and our needs were a top priority the whole time.. . Ambiance - It was decent.  It is on the casino floor, if in a relatively quiet area if that could be said of a casino floor.  The was no detectable tobacco aroma.  The uniforms were fine.  Amazingly it was my wife that noticed the girls skirts are incredibly short.  Our waitress was very tall and after observing this at head level while seated, I really am surprised that I didn't notice this immediately.  The decor was an ingesting choice. The tables are very nice, if small.  There is a TV above practically every table.  It has as almost sports bar like feel . . . actually, I take that back, there is no almost about it.. . Drinks - Milady is knocked up, so no booze there.  I was thinking beer with a burger.  They do offer a selection of cocktails on the iPad drink menu.  With 2 people this seems practical, though with more it would be annoying(see my GR Pub & Grill review).  The beer selection is strong, with many options varying between macro lager, imports, American craft options and a cider or two.  $7 Oaked Arrogant Bastard pints?!?  Yeah, I am just fine with that.. . Food - Again, with milady's condition, no undercooked meats.  She did brave the eggs of Ceaser salad and was happy for it.  I shockingly elected togo for a burger.  I went with the Blue Burger, which is a simple preparation of burger, Stilton and arugula.  I also ordered a side of Just Fries, which as the name implies are plain fries.  My burger arrived in about 15 minutes.  I ordered medium-rare and received medium to med-well.  It was a flavorful burger, and the pungent blue, peppery arugula and smokey beef were well balanced and complimentary.  They use a blend of short rib, chuck and brisket, which had me expecting an immensely juicy, fatty burger.  Alas, I won't call it dry, but juicy it wasn't.  The bun was amazing though and easily the best part of the burger.  As to the fries, they were crispy and hot.  I don't really know what more you would look for out of basic fries.  They come with both a chipotle and chutney inspired ketchup.  I leaned more to the chutney, the chipotle was boring.  . . Overall - A decent meal, but lackluster considering $50 for 1 burger, 1 beer, a salad and some fries.  Liked it, but won't be back.
I'll be honest...I wanted to go to Gordon Ramsay Steak, but we couldn't get a table due to it being the week of CES. Since my co-worker and I were playing hard at the PH tables, we opted to dine here so that we could easily pick up where we left off.. . It was somewhat difficult to get a table, since the hostess informed us that the many open tables in front of us weren't available. The place didn't look that crowded, but there was definitely a draft of cold air since the entrance to the restaurant was adjacent to one of the hotel's points of ingress/egress, so perhaps they were doing us a favor...but as soon as we asked about the few more open tables further back, they seated us.. . The menu is fairly limited, but caters to a sophisticated palette. Unfortunately, you won't find much bacon here, other than the duck bacon, which isn't really bacon. However, you will find several burger selections that will blow your mind away, and even classics, like a farm burger (it comes with a fried egg!). If you aren't in the mood for a burger, you can also have a hot dog. Accompanying your entree can also be sides of parmesan truffle fries, onion rings, and other delicious fried finger foods. For dessert, try one of their fabulous shakes. May I suggest the ones with any variation of peanut butter, chocolate, and pudding?. . You also have a variety of hard-to-find brews available, so have a peek at their fancy iPad menu and let your taste buds indulge. Our server was nice and friendly, and the manager even came by to make sure we were satisfied; something he wasn't doing with everyone.
I would start by saying after having Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill I was looking forward too trying Gordon Ramsay Burger. Thankfully my cousins visiting choose different Gordon Ramsay. I was not disappointed but neither did I get wowed or impressed with the food. If not for all the Gordon Ramsay name sake all over the restaurant strip it down without it. It clone of Bachi Burger even down too the way serves the fries. I had the Hell Kitchen Burger. Solid burger it cooked too perfect medium, nice moist and juicy inside. I enjoy the combination of the cheese,, roasted jalapeno, avocado, and over roasted tomato. It had that nice little heat from the jalapeno overall solid burger. I had the truffle fries that was good. I felt they could have mixed the seasoning especially the truffle oil or whatever they do better throughout the fries. I felt times that fries bottom had no truffle flavor. The dipping sauces was solid. Dessert try the sticky toffee pudding push up pops. My cousin and I split since it came two pop ups. I did LOVE the presentation of it. It literally looks like old school pop ups ice creams remember getting from ice cream truck on the street. But say in food presentation makes the first impression but if the food not stand up then all for not. I totally feel about it. Plus after the sticky toffee pudding NO WAY it could have competed with the one at Gordon Ramsay Pub and Grill. I felt the cake itself very bland nothing stood out with it. The ice cream between layers nothing special and overall dessert that waiter pushed hard felt let down. . . The service was great! I love the energy we got from our waiter. He was very informative. They also have the Ipad touch screens for there drinks just like the Pub and Grill. I liked different approach with the menu on top of the napkins and just style. The menu is straight forward same as Bachi Burger just burgers, friends, apps, shakes, other non burgers, and desserts. Surprise considering its the STRIP property and big name but prices were reasonable. If remember correctly Bachi and here average burger is in $15 range. The hostess wonderful, friendly, and start you off great experience. . . The one thing that aggravating is too find it. The signs NON of them in Planet Hollywood directs too it. Not that the layout of the casino helps one bit. It next too PF Changs or say around the corner. . . Overall it was cool knowing that just went too Pub and Grill then Burger. Now all I need complete the tirfecta is Steak. If urge for gourmet burger sorry but Bachi Burger my go spot! If on the strip not bad alternative.
This is a solid burger place on the strip. It doesn't pretend to be gourmet and it isn't. The toppings are a little different, but I was impressed the burger. I had the "Hells Kitchen Burger."  It was cooked perfectly and the bun was fantastic. I think it was supposed to be spicy, but it wasn't. . . The place was packed for lunch on a Thursday afternoon, which is a good sign, and we didn't have to wait at all. . . My two negative comments are reserved for the fancy ketchup (just not good) and that they were constantly refilling my drink. I never even got passed the halfway mark, and someone was replacing it with a new one. Seemed incredibly wasteful to me. . . All in all, it was a good meal. Food was good, service was attentive, and reasonably quick.  The price is a little high, but it's the Strip so you have to expect it.  I will certainly return.
The burger was good, but not great. I ordered a medium rare Euro Burger, which comes with truffle aioli, goat cheese, and arugala. The flavors made a good combination, but the patty was totally wrong. First, it was slightly over cooked (closer to medium well), and the outside was way too charred. Also, the patty is a little on the small side...I don't expect a monster half pound patty, but for $16, I felt it was a little weak.. . On a higher note, the truffle parmesan fries were outstanding, and I enjoyed them much more than the burger itself.  . . Not a bad meal for around $25, and the flavors were all great, but the cooking style needs to be tweaked before I'd say this place is a knockout winner.
I assumed since it had Gordan Ramsays name on it it would be delish. . . For me it was just an OK $15 burger. I ordered the hells kitchen burger which I asked for medium, my burger was damn near still alive so I traded with the boyfriend cause I hate to complain. Besides the burger still being alive it lacked flavor it was really bland..  I was told the onion rings were "amazing" so I ordered them. They werent. The onion rings tasted like they were saturated in salt.. Also I really think they need a water filter cause a glass of water tasted like it came from the toilet. Never drank toilet water but im sure its nasty. . But on a brighter note their milkshakes were delish. (That deserves a star alone.). . Now on to the service. For a high end burger joint I expected a little better. I mean it wasnt terrible, my only complaint is we sat at the bar and were not noticed by a server for almost 15 minutes. I just wanted a soda while I wated for my order to be taken. but what ever.. . I did see some orders going out that looked yummy. I wont be going back there for their burgers but I do want to try their dogs and jalepeno poppers they looked so good sitting on the counter LOL so until next time. Peace out BurGR.
We came here around 1pm on a weekend. There was about a 40 minute wait. They took down our name and one of our numbers to text us when our table was ready. I absolutely love that system and think more places should implement such a system. It allowed us to wander around the mall and kill time while we waited.. . When we got seated, I noticed the creative menu designs with Gordon Ramsay's giant face on them. I also thought the fact they used ipads for each table for their cocktail menu was pretty cool. The vibrant pictures on the ipad screen definitelyadded to their appeal.. . We ordered the roasted jalapeno poppers and truffle fries to start. The roasted jalapeno poppers were like a fun game of Russian roulette. They purposely left the seeds in one of the six poppers, so that one lucky customer will receive a nice surprise. The truffle fries were served with a side of truffle aioli and house ketchup.. . For my entree, I ordered the farm burger. It came with duck breast bacon, a fried egg, and sharp cheddar. The burger was pretty good and filled me up nicely. But i've had better ones for less. Overall, I enjoyed myself immensely here as I'm a huge fan of burgers, but the value for the price point will keep me from coming back.
I'm beginning to wonder whether Gordon Ramsay is just a fictitious, overly confident chef. Having tried out several of his restaurants now, I'm really just not that impressed with anything he's put out. His concepts are just too over the top, trying way too hard.. . I guess this time it's with an Asian influence e.g. honey-pig bao buns (translation: bun buns?), soba noodle chicken salad, etc. Except... the servers are all wearing this shiny pewter/charcoal grey spandex-type dress and bowling shoes? . . The burgers are mounds high, piled with condiments and requiring knife and fork. The hotdogs were visually appealing. We tried the Pork Belly Dawg and it wasn't bad - but the pork belly and sauce added on top of the hotdog made everything super salty. I like how they used a gourmet sesame bun though instead of the usual cheap-ass stuff. It made a big difference in the texture - no dry and loose crumbs all over the place.. . However, the truffle parmesan fries were seriously delicious! Another salt-heavy item but the fries were crispy, the cheese was pungent and drool-inducing, and the truffle oil just made you wantto keep eating 'em! . . I was most impressed with dessert (and to think, I almost passed it up because I was unimpressed with the hotdog). Just try to NOT salivate over this: sticky toffee pudding with salted peanut caramel ice cream PUSH POPS! . . Riiiiiight?! I haven't had a push pop in a loooong time (Flintstones anyone?). Dang these were crazy yummy with the toffee pudding at just the right amount of sweetness so that the salted peanut caramel ice cream carried most of the flavor. It was gooey but not  to the point where you had to pick it off your teeth. All the flavors just blended together for this amazing peanut buttery taste. I just want to go back for this!. . bottom line: gets a good vote for a hangover meal contender, but expect to pay $$.
The ambiance and staff are 5 stars unfortunately the charred flavor of the medium cooked burger was big letdown for such a high priced burger
I was walking down the Vegas Strip and saw they fliers for Gordon Ramsay's  BRGR.  It is right at the entrance to the Planet Hollywood casino and is My curiosity struck because I have seen his insatiable passion for efficient customer service and rich flavorful food.   I got a seat at their bar to avoid the long wait for a table. Initially it took about 10-15 minutes for someone to take my order which got me saying to myself "5 more minutes and I'm walking out." Luckily the waitress came over, apologized for the delay and took my ordered. . . I decided to try the Hell's Kitchen Burger Medium Rare and a side of Truffle Fries.   The staff was very nice and made sure my water and ice tea were never empty. The time to get the burger, however was on the long side as well. The fries were very well seasoned and full of flavor. The burger was a solid, good quality burger.... but no a $15 burger. I have still yet to top an incredible burger place just outside of DC that made incredible burgers for half the cost.After an indulgent weekend in Vegas, I could not find anymore room to try the desserts, but they did look delicious. I have a huge sweet tooth and the concept of pudding topped milk shakes sounded and looked incredible. . .    Next time I am in town I may stop in for a milkshake, but probably not for a full meal..
Ate here for lunch/dinner. Had a specialty beer and truffle fries with Parmesan cheese with a big burger. I did have to wait for my beer which I saw the bartender set up on the counter but the waitress took about 5 min to pick it up and bring to me, not sure why because she picked up other drinks just not mine. This is one of those places that they give you ketchup in a cup, won't let you have the bottle on the table probably because it isn't fancy enough. My food was good, the service could have been quicker on all accounts.
Definitely heard great things! Decided to check it out. To my surprise.. It wasn't as good as people had said. Fries were SUPER salty.. And not. To mention the burger as well. Ordered the jalapeno poppers and surprise surprise. ALL of them had seeds in them! (Only one Is suppose to have seeds according to what the server told us). They did get our drink order wrong but we were approached by the manager which was concerned about our experience. Overall, good place. But I've had better.
Dear Gordon Ramsay,. You have a trained staff that is efficient, polite, and attentive...including when the mains were served before we ate 1/4 of our starters (and a very chagrined waitress apologized and scuffled the trainee/helper away).... You have modern, smart decor in a bustling casino.... You do NOT, however, have an amazing burger.. For a restaurant bearing the name of the signature dish like a medal, you would think that the burgers would be something of dreams.  Lacking moisture, the burgers we tried were just "okay"...the truffle fries needed salt...and the starters like the pork buns lacked flavor, as if an ingredient or two was missing.. Gordon, Gordon, Gordon...we wanted to be pleased with your presentation of one of the simplest foods elevated to your standards!  Don't think we will be back to see if we just went on an "off day" for your chefs.. Sigh,. Us
Gordon Ramsay's BurGR was a surprise to me. . I am a fan of Chef Ramsay, and I've always been praying for him to open a restaurant here in Las Vegas. . First there was the long anticipation of Gordon Ramsay Steak in Paris Hotel, then the big opening of Gordon Ramsay Pub & Grill at Caesar's Palace, and out of nowhere Gordon Ramsay BurGR at Planet Hollywood.. . I have dined at Steak in Paris hotel, and I have met Chef Ramsay at The Grand Tasting in Caesar's palace where he cooked in front of us while telling the media to go F*** themselves because he was busy cooking. And to top it all off, he personally handed me a plate of Beef Wellington which I devoured in less than .006 seconds. (It was one of the best things I've ever tasted). . But now it's time to see how a Michelin Star chef will tackle a more casual dive.. . After being greeted by the hostess, you walk into this very modern restaurant where everything is bright and alive. They told me that they modeledthe restaurant from Chef Ramsay's show Hell's Kitchen. I don't really know what that means, but all I know is that Ramsay's face is everywhere.. I also noticed that all the servers have a good sense of humor and are willing to go the extra mile to make you laugh and to serve, of course.. . The server hands you an Ipad where you get to choose your cocktails. desserts, and/or  the restaurant's huge selection of imported beers. We skipped the alcohol  and immediately checked out the desserts, and ended up ordering a Shake #5 (hazelnut pudding and coffee shake topped with a praline cookie). . We Started our meal with the Fury Chicken Wings, Roasted Jalapeno Poppers, and Five Spice Chicken Sliders.. The Wings come with 4 pieces of "tangy hellfire blue cheese wings", (which tasted like regular buffalo wings with just a little hint of lime) and 4 Honey-wasabi wings (which was color green, and tasted sweet with an aromatic wasabi after-taste, we found it very delightful). The Jalapeno Poppers were really interesting. They serve you 6 Jalapeno poppers, each of them inside a shot glass filled 1/4 way with house ranch. . After I took my first bite, I was surprised how spicy the jalapenos were, and right away warned my girlfriend and her brother that the jalapenos are a tad spicy. They then just looked at me and laughed. After we ate all of them the server came to our table and informed us that they left the seeds in 1 of the jalapenos as a prank to the diners, which explained why my popper was spicier. It was crunchy, cheesy, and spicy! I could have gone for another order of those.. The Five Spice Chicken Sliders were just ok.. they taste exactly how they sound minus the Five Spice.. We also had an order of regular fries which came with chipotle ketchup, and curry ketchup as your dipping sauce. both were good, but the curry ketchup was a winner.. . Now for the Main Course.. . I work part time at a gourmet burger food truck and I've always been curious to know how our burger would stand up to Mr. Hell's Kitchen's burger. . . We ordered Their Flagship burger which was the Hell's Kitchen Burger and a Pork Belly Dawg. . The Hell's Kitchen Burger has Mexican asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado and roasted tomato. I ordered it medium well,  and the taste of this burger was a mouthful of beefy goodness. Sad to say but they kick our food truck's burger's ass. The hell's kitchen burger was both juicy and flavorful.. . The Pork Belly Dawg.................. was one of the worst things I've ever put in my mouth... I can eat pork belly the whole day, I can eat Hotdogs the whole day, so when I saw this on the menu we just had to order it! . The pork Belly comes with pickled edamame, carrots, cucumber and sriracha mayo, which honestly is not a bad combination. What destroyed the dish was the Dawg itself. One bite from this disgusting dawg and our experience was ruined. Have you ever had a spoon full of salt? That's exactly how it tastes like.. . We sent back the dawg, and the server asked if we wanted something else. The manager also came to our table and explained that all the dawgs simmer in stock, so at the end of the day the stock absorbs all the flavor of the dawgs, and have "more flavor" than it's suppose to.. . We exchanged our Pork Belly Dawg for an American Burger, but at this point we didn't have much of an appetite. We only took a couple of bites and ordered dessert. . . The Sticky Toffee Pudding Push Pop is a take on Chef Ramsay's Sticky Toffee Pudding Dessert at Gordon Ramsay Steak at Paris Casino. It has 2 layers of sticky pudding, and 2 layers of ice cream. It was delicious, and playful, but not as good as the real Sticky Toffee pudding.. not even close.. . Summary:. . -The actual menu doubles as a take-home souvinir!. -Excellent service!. -1 of the Jalapeno Poppers is rigged!. -Honey-wasabi wings are very good! (if you like wasab. -Come early or eat Salty Dawg
I'd like to rate Burgr higher, but when taking the overall experience into  consideration, I won't.  The food was pretty good - chanterelle burger cooked to perfection and tasty onion rings.  The chipotle ketchup was way too sweet and suffered from a lack of smoke if claiming the pepper namesake.  The bigger issues were service oriented.  I don't mind waiting for a table if it means I get great service when I'm seated.  That wasn't my experience.  It took 45 minutes to be seated at about 2 on March 13 - no problem if you do a stellar job upon seating.  The food took another 27 minutes from the time the order was placed and I felt that was fortunate compared to the tables nearby.  We had a straight shot, no apps since the rings showed up with the burger even though we said however the food came out would be fine.  The server seemed somewhat weeded closing out a busy lunch.  The biggest problem aside from wait time was inattentiveness and pricing.  If I order a glass of wine, I darn well expect to be charged for what I order, not $4 more since "we don't have a button for that". I don't know how long this place has been open, but fix your POS to have buttons for all the BTG wines.  I doubt I'm the first to order a pinot noir at lunch.  When attention was called to the additional charge, Scott the manager fixed the problem by removing a beer from the tab.  Okay for me, but not for the bottom line.  Draft beer is hard to track and he handily kept my pricier wine on the tab, but removed a $6 beer allowing for a $2 skim if desired.  I also think the female servers should have uniforms that don't sag when wearing a guest check on their belt.  I'm glad I tried Burgr, but I won't make a point of going back like I do with other favorites of similar nature on the Strip.
Be prepared to wait, unless you make reservations here, they are really racking in the business! Our wait wasn't too bad, to get in at least, about 40min. It took a half hour to get our food, but like I said, they are pretty busy, and our food was at least piping hot and fresh when we got it.. We came here for the Restaurant Week deal, and I got the Parmesan Truffle fries with the Earth burger, my boyfriend got the Euro burger and the fries as well.. The fries are amazing! I've never had truffle fries before, so I was pretty blown away by these. They come  with their own truffle sauce and a house made ketchup, but the fries taste really good with their corresponding truffle one. They are huge steak fries, and they give you a lot of them. The Earth burger is a portabella mushroom with some melty cheese and tomato. It wasn't the best I have had, yet it was not the worst. It was really disappointing though, since there is SO much you can do with veggie burgers, but oh well. . The dessert was a sticky toffee pudding push pop, very much like the childhood Flintestone pops, with a salted peanut ice creamed layered with a toffee cake. Pretty darn good, but I didn't like the combination much. The salty ice cream with the sweet cake would sound great, but they didn't mix very well with me. I would prefer the cake by itself and leave the ice cream.. My boyfriend loved his Euro burger, and the fries, but the prices outside of this week's deal, and the wait, will keep us away for a while.
Good burger. I was expecting ahi tuna burgers or shrimp burgers with crazy sauces. The menu was really beef focused. I had the asian inspired burger with hoisin glaze and pork belly. I gave it 8 out of 10.
I must say this review will be difficult for me to write.  I gave it 3 stars base off my personal experience there a few days ago, however I would like to stress this is at no fault of BurGR.  . . When I visited this place last Saturday, I was hung over.  Very hung over.  The wait was a little long but that was due to the mass amount of people there, really no fault of the restaurant.  . . When we sat down, the waitress was very friendly and gave us a chance to look over the menu while getting our drinks.  We got the parmesan onions rings and fries with our burgers.  I got the hot burger with chilis and I must say it lived up to its name.  . . Good things goin on here but I honestly couldn't enjoy the experience fully due to my own stupidity the night before.  But if you're craving a good burger joint with tons of creativity, thisis a good place to start.
I have to preface this review with- we eat rare burgers. like so rare it qualifies as tartar. We did not get rare rare burgers at BurGR (which surprises me on one hand because I have seen Gordon ream out chefs for not serving meat at the correct temperature, but doesn't surprise me on the other hand because I know that a lot of restaurants are afraid to do a true rare burger).When the hostess seated us she pointed out their merchandise (wtf I didn't know i was going through a gift shop on my way to the table).. Waitresses need a new uniform. Period. Gordon, you miss the f+cking mark on attire. What are you thinking with this retro futuristic style of dress for your waitresses. Its almost to the point of offensive because of how short and low cut, distracting, the outfits are. I almost felt bad because our waitress, Crystal, was awesome but her boobs in my face was a little distracting. Crystal was great, she recommended some great drinks ( I did the skinny screw and hubs got a Guinness, the little Guinness shooter was his first choice but when he found out it was a tiny shot  sans actual Guinness he decided on just true Guinness). The ipad drink menu is weird, I almost thought the entire menu should be on it or something else- didn't seem like a good use of an ipad. . . The husband got the farm burger- duck bacon and an egg, he liked the flavors a lot. The bun was good, the patty was a bit smaller than we are used to. We shared an order of sweet potato fries (without vanilla sugar) and it came with house made ketchup and a jalapeno mayo sauce. We felt that if you are going to say jalapeno you need to make it spicy. We almost asked for hot sauce. The house made ketchup is really good- very tomato-y. . I had the Choy Sui burger which has pork belly, carrots, radish, and cilantro. It was good, the flavors were there. The pork belly was a little chewy so it was hard to just take a bite of the burger and come out with all the flavors intended. Pulling fattiness out of your mouth is never becoming either. . . The fries were cooked well, the waitress was a doll, but I will always have this experience in the back of my mind when I watch him scold chefs for overcooking meat. Getting a rare burger is hard, but we thought that of all places, BurGR could hit the mark. "WOW,Wow wow wow " as Gordon would say, this place needs to check itself that it isn't just riding on the popularity of it's name and is actually delivering. Burgers have NO sides, so I guess $15 for just a burger is a good price for the strip, but I am used to getting RARE burgers with fries or salad included for that much. Bottom line: If you love Gordon, go taste what he has to offer. If you are expecting a meal that shows you what Gordon does to other restaurants go to a different f=cking place. WOW, wow wow wow.
Best part of BurGR was the service and looking at the giant picture of Gordon Ramsay.  Ambiance was upbeat and energetic.  The burger was good but the rub was a little salty for my taste.  I had the Hell's Kitchen (heck ya) and my friend had the American and we each said that it was a tad too salty.  Had reservations on a Wednesday and were glad we did because others wanted 1 1/3 hours.
Most importantly: The burger was amazing.  I didn't try the french fries, but my friends liked them.. They don't take reservations, and told us that our party of 7 would have to wait 45 mins.  We put our name in and walked next door for drinks.  Less than 10 minutes later they buzzed us asking us to come back.... just as we were getting our drinks.  They could be a LITTLE more accurate with the check-in.... The waitresses all had cute outfits on, but ours was a bit pushy about getting us more drinks.  If I was in the mood for a great burger, this would be my top choice, but it's kind of hyped up (Gift shop all around you when you walk in? feels like a tourist trap).. I liked it, and would go back, but not in love with it.
I encouraged a couple of my mates to join me for Restaurant Week, and we decided to come here. We were told that there's a 30-minute wait, which turned out to be an hour. It was a little frustrating. The place's design concept is interesting, not in a sense that is negative, but definitely different from any other burger spots I've been to. Attention to detail was definitely not spared, from the tables down to the waiters'/waitresses's and hostesses uniforms. The iPad that had the beer, spirits and dessert menu was also a nice feature. The price is fair, and since we were there for Restaurant Week, it was quite amazing! We paid $20 for a burger, an appetizer (any of the fries or onion rings) and a dessert. In addition, I also tried the pork belly bun. Our waiter was pleasant and our water was never half empty (it's one of the things I keep a tab of).. . The Food: I got the Euro burger, the pork belly bun, truffle Parmesan fries and the push-pop. The Euro burger, although the description was mouth-watering, it did not step up to the plate. The cheese was too over powering and I could hardly taste anything else but the cheese. The pork belly bun - it was loaded with carrot strings, the taste was good but you may need to remove some of the carrot strings. The fries was a bit too salty for me but the sauces were pretty darn tasty! So I would suggest, get the regular fries and just ask if you can have all of the sauces (there are 6 I believe). My friend got the onion rings and they were pretty good. The batter was light and was incredibly crunchy, however, the ones in the bottom, it's best to skip those since they are so greasy. The dessert was pretty neat experience, a sticky toffee/peanut butter ice cream push-pop. It's been a while since I've had a push-pop myself. The peanut butter ice cream was okay, but the sticky toffee pudding was pretty tasty! . . I'm rating this a 3 start instead of 4 because of the food. I felt I had to alter my food in order to enjoy it. Service/ambiance is a solid 4 (not a 5 since our wait time was double what was told to us).
First the Burger.... Very Good! The meat is flavourful and charbroiled over wood. It was perfectly cooked to order (medium). The toppings were perfect. The bun looks good but I found it "airy" I would have preferred a softer denser bun. Certainly one of the best burger around.. . Now the bad... if Gordon Ramsay would have tasted my fries in one of his TV show, he would have turned them away and say the were hard as cardboard. I know the Brits call them chips... and that's exactly what they felt like (crisps for you Gordon). I can say that the taste was good; they just have been put in the frier too many times. Now that I had the chance to see some yelp pictures I assumed that it was an isolated case; but for $8. and coming from a restaurant that bares the name of a Michelin Chef I would have expected higher standards.. . The service was excellent and my waitress very friendly.
The boyfriend and I decided to try this place out.  I was disappointed that when we got there it was over an hour wait .  Luckily, the bar area had two seats open so we decided to eat here instead of leaving. . . When the food comes out the server gives a brief description of what you ordered.  I got the farm burger which was good but I ordered it medium and it barely had pink in it at all.  I hate it when my burgers are dry.  My boyfriend ordered the hell's kitchen burger and it had some spice to it, but there was just too much avocado.  The truffle parmesan fries were good, but not the best I've had.  I did enjoy the  handmade sauces that paired with the fries.  Overall the food was ok, but if this was an episode of Hell's Kitchen I'm sure Gordon Ramsay would be screaming at the cooks haha. . On a good note, the servers/bartenders at the bar were nice and very personable to not only us but all the customers at the bar.  If you have a total rewards card you get a couple bucks off your meal.  If you want to try this place I would sit at the bar :)
Really Good ****: Hells Kitchen Burger (spicy and tasty, a little too much char for me). Good ***:  onion rings (good flavor, but greasy and expensive)
I had heard many great things about this place before my latest visit to Vegas.  So this was put at the top of my list to visit.. . Got here on a Thursday night and our party of 3 was seated immediately.  We waited about 10 minutes for a waitress to greet us.  I took immediate notice to the dress code of the servers.  EVERY SINGLE waitress had to tug down their one piece "dress" for every 10 steps they took.  Unnecessarily tight for servers in a restaurant... but it wasn't just the women... the men had on Polo's that also appeared to be suffocating them.  The only people who looked to be comfortable in their uniforms were the floor managers.   We did get our beers fairly quickly, once greeted by our waitress.  Everything on the menu is ala-carte, which is like most places in Vegas.  Between the 3 of us, we ordered the UberCheese Burger,  Britannia Burger, Chantenele burger and the Parmesan Fries.   We all ordered our burgers medium.  . . I'm still laughing at the irony of being in a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and waiting 45 minutes for our burgers to come out.  Mind you, there was no wait, it was 11pm and the restaurant was at less than half capacity.  Even more ironic, all of our burgers came out well done.. . Now, we all cut our burgers into 3's and split amongst ourselves to sample it all.  Even though our burgers were not cooked the way we wanted, they were all very tasty.  I could only image what they would be like had the meat been a little pink.   The parmesan fries were good and the sauces that came with were a treat.. . I only rate 3 stars as being a fan of Gordon's shows - I know the slow service we received as well as overcooked food is unacceptable to his standards.
I was expecting to like this place better, given how much I enjoyed the food at Gordon Ramsay Pub in Caesars.  Burgr has the drink menu on the iPad, which is common to all of Ramsay's locations in Vegas.  I didn't partake, but there was a lemonade and vodka drink that was popular with the couple we ate with.. . To start, we had jalapeno poppers.  These are large, and come 6 to an order.  They are served in shot glasses with an excellent ranch sauce at the bottom.  In an interesting twist, they don't tell you which one has the seeds still in it.  Seeds are what gives jalapenos their heat, so that one is noticeably hotter than the rest.  I got it in our order, which is good because I like hot stuff. . . I had the cheesy burger with added duck bacon.  Be advised they burgers don't come with veggies or sauces on the side, so you have to ask for them.  The burger was a perfect medium, but lacked flavor.  It cleary is very good quality meat, but was underseasoned.  I had to put the truffle mayo on it, which was served as a side to the truffle parmesan fries.  These were excellent, and I don't usually care for thick-cut fries.  But, the truffle flavor came through, and the mayo was an excellent dipping sauce.  I didn't much care for the housemade ketchup, too sweet for me.. . The wife had the maytag blue cheese burger, which was delicious, but only because it had such a large amount of blue cheese on it.  I think anything with that much maytag would be great.  . . All in all, the appetizer and fries were the most memorable part of our lunch.  And,that's not how it should be at a high end burger joint.  I may return if someone visits and wants to go, but I doubt it.  Would probably direct them across the street and up a block to Gordon Ramsay Pub at Caesars...
Burgers were very good as were the fries.  We did however have to wait slightly over 30 min for our food.  Our food very well could have been ready a lot sooner because our server wasn't very attentive.  The place wasn't very busy as we went there to eat at 11am so it wasn't very acceptable for our food to take that long.  We also had the push pops for dessert which my girlfriend and I didn't really enjoy too much.  Overall my experience there was okay.  Burgers were about $13-$15 and fries were about $8....I would pass on those push pops though.
I have to give this place a strong 4 stars for their food, but we waited for nearly an hour for our order so my final rating is a weak 3 stars.  Three adjacent tables that were seated 15-20 minutes after us were served their food, paid, and left before we got our food.  Although the server was somewhat apologetic and the manager ended up comping our fries and drinks, I don't think that I would ever go back.
After being intoxicated all morning, I was so excited to eat a burger for dinner. Decided to come here with some of my girlfriends. The wait to get the table was a bit long since it was during dinner time. The wait to get our food was even longer.. . I ordered the Hell's Kitchen Burger which was supposed to be spicy but for some reason it tasted really bland and dry. I was so hungry so to make it taste better i drowned the burger in tabasco, which was a pretty bad idea. My mouth was burning for an hour.. . Usually when i'm hungry i think any food is amazing. But for this visit, i was soooo hungry and I still thought the burger was just mediocre. . . Also, it's a bit pricey too. $15 ish for a burger with NO FRIES.
I'm a big Gordon Ramsey Fan. I was happy   to finally get to  try one of his restaurants. I really wanted to give this place 5 stars. I ordered the burger with the onion jam medium well. The burger was very good and tasty, the bun was soft and the burger held together very well. My problem with the burger it was $16 and it doesn't included fries. If you want French fries its another $8. I also got a coke for $4. With tax it was $32. The burger is good, but not $16 good. The French fries were nothing special at all, they were regular frozen fries that tasted like they were sitting under the heat lamp. I can go spend $12 at five guys or bagger dave's and get a good burger and French fries that are actually good. Bottom line disappointed. I'm still a fan of Gordon Ramsay and I will try his British Pub and Gordon Ramsay Steak next time I go to Las Vegahap
Like many others who have reviewed this place have said, the service is shitty. We received our appetizer before anyone even bothered to bring our drinks out. The wrong drink was given to us twice in a row. The food took an extremely long time to come out, with three different waitresses helping us out over the course of the meal. When asking for a substitution on my earth burger, the girl said "absolutely" and nothing else. Upon receiving the bill, I saw that I was charged $3 for less than half an avocado. I don't mind being charged for it, but shouldn't she have said "there will be a charge" or something of the sort? Anyways, food was good, definitely not worth $18 after my massive substitution that took $3 of work to accomplish.
Why do restaurants like this make their staff wear extremely unflattering uniforms. It's supposed to make the place fit the brand, but when your staff isn't a bunch of manikins, it's distracting. Anyway, we were seated immediatly, but then service became very slow and odd. It took a while for the waitress to come by and when she did, she dropped off an ipad that contains drinks and dessert information only, but then didn't take any drink orders or offer water. It took forever for her to come back and another waiter checked on us and rushed our drinks out. . . The menu is rather smallish, but they do right by burgers. Flavorful, juicy, just the right size. Quality ingredients and perfect prep make the difference. The duck bacon on the Farm Burger, unreal. I had the chanterelle burger, which was also good with arugula, chanterelles, and fig jam. I wanted the farm burger so bad, but had to watch the bf eat is as I avoid dairy. Sides are not included with your sammie so, be prepared for sticker shock. Sweet potato fries can act as dessert, but a milk shake ordered at our table can act as a meal. Dinner for 4 came to $75 with one cocktail, one soda, 3 burgers, a fry, and one just dessert. . . Another A-ok meal in Vegas!
Had a very good BurGR at BurGR. As good as it gets from a food quality perspective. The bun, the meat, the toppings, nothing out of place. Mine was perfectly cooked and basically flawless all around. To top it off, they even serve Pepsi products, so was able to enjoy it with a Mountain Dew! A few drawbacks. It was very pricey, mine was about $16 if I recall, and that does not include fries. Service was slow and nothing special. Finally, the atmosphere was cafeteria like, could be improved considerably. Despite the drawbacks, if you like a good burger, it is worth going to BurGR.
This place is quite large and seats many.  First thing we noticed is the waitress' outfits are very skimpy but not all the waitresses should be wearing them.  Then you notice the large picture of Gordon Ramsay on the wall with his hands up - its not even a mediocre photo (WTF is it supposed to say) - fire your photographer Gordon.  Lastly the menus are quite cleverly designed and positioned on the tables folded over the napkin rolls.  . . I opened the menu and the prices were shocking (for a burger joint) and didn't include ANY sides.  Okay we're in vegas (justifies some of it) so I'll give it a shot.  The burger that came out was cooked properly (medium) but rather small and the meat was bland.  The toppings were good and the bun was meh.  Overall it wasn't a bad burger but it wasn't great either (and definitely not worth the money).  We ordered the parm fries and they were quite tasty but $8 for potatoes? Ouch.  I'm fairly certain they were not freshly cut like any decent fast dining burger joint (five guys, in-and-out burger, etc).. . This is a marketing project masquerading as a restaurant with a celebrities name in the title.  The food is good enough to keep the customers coming in but it's absolutely a tourist trap and wouldn't survive in any normal town especially with the proliferation of other great fast casual burger establishments.. . I would suggest Gordon take a tour around the US and visit the top burger restaurants before opening another one of these restaurants.  Ted's Buffalo Grill wipes this place off the map in every way.  Vortex has far better burgers and five guys has a much better value.  I don't think i'll be back next time I'm in vegas - too many other places to try.
After watching Gordon Ramsey chew people out on Kitchen Nightmares for standing around and doing nothing and for watching him yell at head chef's on the show for not expediting, I was shocked to see over 10 people standing around in the open kitchen and the head chef standing and talking to a couple patrons for the entire 1.5 hours we were there.  The irony!  . . As for the food.... The wings looked amazing, but were just ok.  I preferred the red ones over the green since they had more flavor. . . The truffle fries were great!  Really liked those.. . Had the Hell's Kitchen Burger.  It was juicy and ground from chuck, brisket and short rib, which is a great combination, but it was definitely under seasoned.  The housemate sesame bun was a nice touch, but nothing distinguishable.. . Our server was very knowledgeable and friendly and took the time to share lots of information about the place with us.. . All in all a solid 3 stars for my first Gordon Ramsey experience.
This was my first time here and I really wanted to know if this place lived up to the hype. We all know Gordon and how he acts on his show, so you'd think this place would be just flat out amazing.. . My order:. Damnation chicken burger. Truffle Parmesan Fries. Corona. . Presentation of the food looks great. I think more went into that than the taste. Nothing about this Chicken BurGR stood out except it was over grilled. I was not impressed by this at all.. . The fries were nothing special either. They seemed to be normal steak fries with Parmesan cheese sprinkled on them. The truffles were in one of the dipping sauces. Again just didn't live up to the hype. . . The Corona was probably the only thing that came out meeting my expectation. I placed the order on the iPad that was given to me and it didn't even get sent to the bar. The waiter came over and just took it and read it. My thoughts are it works if you want customized cocktails, but not for beers. I thought for sure it would be like STACKED (customized burger place in Los Angeles)..  . Overall not that wowed by this place and it was a bit over priced. Aside from watching a game on the screens, and grabbing a drink or two, I would skip this place and probably any other GR place.
Grading on a superstar chef curve.. . Burger (Britannia Burger) was first rate. The expertly ground, formed and grilled beef was rich but not greasy and cooked to a perfect medium rare. You could easily eat this as a tartar so don't order yours overcooked. Served on a somewhat bland brioche sesame seed bun. Mine came with a sweet and tangy mango chutney, real English cheddar and some Arugula all excellent toppings. The $14 hamburger arrives all alone on the plate without so much as a pickle slice.. . The fries were another matter entirely. We ordered the parmesan truffle flavor for the table to share and they Were tasty BUT the texture was just weird. Not fried to a crisp but sort of mealy and dried out. A massive disappointment for a celebrity burger joint. The fact that they were the thick cut variety didn't help. Add the $11 price tag for something that should be included with your $14 burger in the first place and it's a triple whammy.. . Beverage was a perfectly poured draught Shipyard Old Thumper ($7) that could not have tasted fresher on Exchange Street in Portland, Maine.. . The desserts are ice cream based and not very distinguished. A simple scoop of Ben & Jerry's is better or the frozen custard joint near the Strat if you have a hankering for the cold stuff.. . Service was expert, refreshing for Vegas. All the 20 something men and women are extremely attractive wearing stylish gray and charcoal uniforms. The women are in super short and skin tight dresses.. . The modern room design right off the casino is festive, and while noisy not so loud as to drown out conversation at the table and features an open kitchen. Copious flatscreens have the games on with the sound off and No Closed Captions (I never understand showing the game with the sound off without the captions running).. . Lost 2 stars for the inexcusable fries, bland desserts and poor overall value.. . Worth a visit for the over-priced burger and a perfectly poured handcrafted brew.
Well there's a long wait on a Saturday night.  About 45 minutes for a table and 25 minutes for the food.  The decor is amazing and definitely plays on Ramsey's Hells Kitchen (even a burger names that).  . . Overall, I think its one of the better burgers I've had, but barely worth the premium (15 for just a burger).  . . I had the Britannia burger, which was topped with mango chutney and truffle fries.. . Burger was decent but fries were great.  Not something I'd go to again if I were in the area but a fun experience.
I wish this burger was more memorable. We ate here in may when they had a military 2 for 1 burger promotion so we took advantage of that. They didn't advertise it really, it was just on the website at the very bottom. . . One thing I loved about all three Gordon Ramsay establishments while I was in Vegas this weekend was the Innis and Gunn beer selection on tap. Here they had a stout (a porter at Steam, and a pale ale at Pub&grill). They are oak aged beers and taste awesome. Apparently the server said they were Gordon's fav beers (at least on the menu)and I can see why.   . . I did enjoy my burger just didn't blow me away for some reason. I had the euro which was tasty and cooked well. The truffle fries and dipping sauces were very good. Wish I was hungry enough for a shake but too full since this was our third stop on our Gordon Ramsay crawl of the strip.
I totally hate to do this but the environment kinda killed it for us. You cannot hear the person sitting right next to you talk. The server just kinda pretended she heard everything we said but I don't think she did. the food itself was great, but hard to enjoy a meal that should be a memorable one when you cant even talk to the person your there with. Definitely make a reservation they say you don't need but its most likely an hour wait if you don't. I expected better service.
My Yelp boycott is over! I couldn't stay away.... . Ramsay BurGR: Good. Not GReat. (Heh). . Service was excellent. Very informative, personable and authentic. Our server catered to our needs in every way. If I could review just based on service, it would be 5 stars.. . The jalapeno poppers were lovely. They roast them before stuffing them which gives a nice soft sweetness while scorching your mouth with heat. The cheddar and bacon stuffing was rich and flavorful, though a little grainy.. . My wife received her "hell's kitchen" burger at a perfect medium well, as she ordered. I received my "euro" burger at a perfect well done...as I most certainly DID NOT order. The server graciously apologized and brought a new one immediately cooked medium rare. No biggie. Things happen. But I still have to shave off a few points. Sorry Gordon!. . "Hell's Kitchen" burger: very "south of the border" flavors which I found odd. Dry and unimpressive. Definitely could use some kind of sauce and some seasoning on the veg it's served with (avocado, roasted tomato and jalapeno).. . "Euro" burger. I guess chevre and truffle oil are considered euro. Either way it was a lovely combination. Though the goat cheese definitely overpowered everything after a few bites. I'd pay a few extra bucks for some fresh shaved truffles on there. This was a good burger, but nothing to write home about.. . Truffle fries: over seasoned and weirdly textured. Definitely needed more crispness. The truffle came through in the aioli it was served with but not in the actual fries.. . Ale battered onion rings: fantastic. Perfectly seasoned and crispy. Served with the same ranch sauce as the poppers and chipotle ketchup.. . Lets talk about this "ketchup" for a moment. I'm all for homemade stuff, but those of us in the know (what a douche I am), are aware of ketchup really being a type of tomato jam and is often prepared in that way. The stuff we were served tasted like canned tomato sauce. No lie. It would've been better tossed in some pasta, not on my fries. If you're gonna do something that has pretty much been perfected by others (i.e., Heinz, Hunt's), it ought to be better than that.. . The undisputed highlight of the meal was definitely the shake. We ordered the chocolate shake with salted caramel pudding layered on top. Best shake I have ever had. I don't what they do to make it taste so good, but good lord. What a treat! . . Again, a good meal, but nothing special. They should take the burgers out, just serve the shakes and rename the place Gordon Ramsay SuGR. Bachi Burger is still, by far, my favorite burger place in Vegas. Seriously, if you haven't been to Bachi Burger yet, you really need to go.
Good not great, not worth a hour wait. Pork belly appetizer was phenomenal. It gets expensive quickly, $15 for an a la carte burger is aggressive.
The chicken burger was very good - the highlight of the meal (along with the house made ketchup). Fries were a little too rich (really, you need truffle oil and Parmesan on a deep fried food?). Farm burger was cooked to my liking (medium) and the duck bacon was tasty (although not crispy enough - the burger needed some different textures). They also committed a cardinal sin: overcooking the fried egg on the farm burger. The yoke was nearly solid when it should have been runny. Overall an okay meal and a good draft beer selection for those who prefer craft style brews but nothing to suggest that burgers are their specialty.
**Note that this was a 10 person party with people in our group coming and going**. . here's a time lapse of my dinner:. . 9pm arrive. 920pm seated. 925pm drink/appetizers order taken. 930pm drinks arrive. 935pm appetizers arrive. 1020pm food ordered. 1045pm food arrived. 1115pm check comes. 1130pm check taken away.. . So in all - Food A+, but service (on this night) C. . . Usually it's a great time; great food, great drinks, but never go here with a big group that is waiting for other people to come to order....
chef ramsay is one of my fave chefs EVER but i am pretty disappointed with the burgers here. it hurts that i have to give this place 3 stars because i respect chef ramsay as a chef and i watch all of his tv shows. i couldn't believe how DRY the burgers came out for my boyfriend and i. it was crazy because we both ordered medium rare and the patty was a bit hard. i ordererd the farm house burger and the egg complimented the burger very well i just wish the patty as well as the buns weren't so hard to bite into. my boyfriend got the hell's kitchen burger and it was pretty good but we weren't too happy with the texture of the burger. i want to go back just to give it another try but each burger came out to be $15 each.. . our fave on the menu was the TRUFFLE FRIES! the aioli sauce was to die for! it was SOOO good! it went very well with the fries. usually i love ketchup but i did't touch the ketchup at all! the restaurant was decorated with a fun fire theme. they have the nicest staff and they also send you a text when your table is ready! the menus are cool looking and very inviting. . . overall just pretty sad about the dry burgers. hopefully it won't be so dry for other customers.
We decided to give this place a try on our first night in Vegas. Located in Planet Hollywood this restaurant boasts of a classy decor. There is a panel of fire burning at the entrance, hinting atthe spicy flavors of the dishes, which I thought was a nice touch. . . We sauntered in a little after mid-night and though the place was not too busy with several  empty tables, the hostesses quoted a 45 min wait time.  She also made a huge show of how busy they were when I brought the empty tables to her notice. We had put our names down & probably walked a few steps away...when...guess what?....our table was READY!! Talk about lack of communication between the staff!!. . Our server was polite, but curt, not really interested in making us feel welcome or allowing us to settle down before waiting to know what our choices were or trying to herd us along our meal.It felt more like being in a diner where you get rushed to finish your meal so that someone else would take your table...Only this isn't a diner and I didn't really see a long line of people waiting to eat....disappointing!. . The food was food! We got the creme brulee( with a few other ingredients) milkshake, the Parmesan French fries, the chicken sliders, Euro burger and Hells's Kitchen burger. . . The milkshake was decadent, the French fries...were just French fries with cheese... I don't know why people praised these fries in their reviews...I don't think is was anything to brag about. The Euro and the Hell's Kitchen burgers were good. I liked the Hell's Kitchen burger better. The burger meat was flavorful, succulent with a good amount of spicy. The show stopper of our meal,were the chicken sliders! OMG these were delicious! The cornflake coated chicken pieces were crunchy and the meat inside was  tender,spicy and totally mouthwatering!. . Overall: The meal was great but the staff and their tardiness ruined this experience for us!
After watching numerous shows on television about Gordon Ramsay that piqued my desire totry dining at one of his restaurants, I decided to opt for a "lower" (relative term) cost option at the Planet Hollywood. Walking in, I saw a bunch (read 6 or 7) of hostesses in short skirts and iPads making small talk with people around. "This place is decorated fancy," I thought. The tables looked pristine and there were pictures of Ramsay and fire (hinting Hell's Kitchen I suppose) all around. I could not miss the huge Keg Cellar in the background. This is what I expected a top chef bar/burger joint would look like - trendy, casual and spacious.. . In spite of it being really late in the night - post midnight, and the place half full, our hostess insisted on feeding our information into her iPad to tell us that our table would be ready in 45 minutes. I must say time flies fast in Vegas because in 5 minutes we were texted that our table was ready. The hostess seemed like it was a daily affair - I guess iPad's do not replace brains and common sense. . . Anyways, after being seated at our table, we had some time to ponder over our menu (as our server was busy serving two other tables at that time and the menu being short and sweet). She was polite but was not enthusiastic and seemed like she was doing a chore. Thanks to yelp we did not need any suggestions and we ordered shake, 2 burgers, a chicken slider plate and a side of fries. . . Watching other dishes coming out of the kitchen, I was tempted - the hot dog was one of them, but alas we already had ordered too much food. To keep up with Celebrity chef standard, the food came out decorated really well, and looking appetizing. . . The shake was the Creme Brulee (which others had praised on yelp). I thought it was good but a little heavy.. (maybe I am not a shake guy). My beer gave me good company while I waited anxiously for our food to arrive. . . 30 minutes later we received our Five Spice Chicken sliders. I could so pass this dish - fried chicken - meh!. . Another 15 minutes and I received my burger (cut in two pieces which is awesome as I can't really fit the whole thing in my mouth anyway). I decided to sample my wife's Euro burger too, in addition to devouring my own Hell's Kitchen burger. The burger is not too big so you will definitely need your own. The meat was cooked perfectly (a plus for cutting the burger into two so you can see the inside). The Hell's Kitchen burger had the kick of the Jalapeno peppers (which I have found to be doused in other places). The Euro burger had some other toppings which were equally delightful. I find it hard to rank the two but as I liked the spice in the Hell's Kitchen burger I would probably give it a slight edge. . . The Truffle Parmesan fries were tasty, a different flavor profile than I have tried before and were not too greasy. However the fries starting seeming soggy as I passed the first few. It appeared that they had been prepared a few minutes (10 or more) earlier and were lying under the lamp heat. I would still say these fries are a try at BURGR.. . Overall, due to the trendy atmosphere, tasty burgers, nicely decorated plates AND moderately decent service, silly experience with the hostess and soggy fries I give it 3 stars.
I wasn't expecting 3-Michelin-star cuisine, but I still left disappointed.. . After being seated in front of a large, awkward picture of Ramsay, my family and I were presented with drink options on a fancy iPad. Whatever, not impressed.. . Our orders came out quite quickly. Here's a breakdown of what I ate:. . 1. Truffle parmesan fries ($11) - Too salty, too thick-cut.. . 2. Chanterelle burger ($16) - The chanterelle mushrooms were too salty, but the patty was delicious and well-seasoned. I wish the burgers could come with fries.. . 3. Fish & crisp sandwich ($16) - Quite tasty.. . 4. Sticky toffee pudding push up pops ($7 for two) - Way too sweet. My parents were actually visibly disgusted by how sweet these were.. . Service was good, but I felt bad for the waitresses who had to wear skin-tight skimpy dresses. Sure this is Vegas, but it's a little awkward having breasticles in my face every time I got my water refilled. Also, the guys' outfits looked like they were straight out of a gay bar.. . All things considered, it was an okay experience that cost too much. Won't be coming back even though I'm a big fan of the chef patron.
This place decent but I would recommend Burger Bar or Holsteins over this place if you are in Vegas looking for a burger.. . I got the farm burger which is a beef patty with a fried egg and bacon.  My problem with the burger was that I felt it was something I could have easily made myself.   The difference between a real chef and me is that a real chef should be able to tie all the different ingredients together and create something where the sum is greater than the individual parts.   I didn't get that impression from this burger. . My wife ordered the pork belly bao bun which was decent,  it would have been a lot better if the bun itself wasn't extremely mediocre.  . . The sweet potato fries were quite good,  they come with a shaker of vanilla powder and a honey jalapeno mayo.  The mayo had just a hint of jalapeno flavor and zero heat from the pepper.   . . Overall, I would go back again if someone wanted to eat there but if it was up to me I would suggest a different burger place
Both my bf and I are fans of Master Chef and my brother used to watch a lot of Gordon Ramsay's shows growing up (I mean he has so many damn shows you've definitely at least heard of one if by some off chance you live under a rock and haven't seen one). So the bf really wanted to check out his burger joint since we were going to be in Vegas.. . As far as ambiance and atmosphere goes, Ramsay has managed to make the place so much about him that it kind of made me think he's a major narcissist and took away from the overall experience for me personally. From the giant photos of him on the walls to the same picture of him popping out at you when you open the menu, to the name of the eatery, GR this, GR that. GReat. Hey, I just came up with that, I'm copyrighting now!. . The food is overpriced but you're in Vegas so it's expected. Maybe I just ordered a boring burger but I was not impressed. I had the Uber Cheese Burger and although I give props on a perfectly cooked to medium patty, it was sooooo dull. Literally just fontina, reclette and goat cheeses with meat. None of the regular fixings.. . The truffle parmesan fries were decent. I liked the two accompanying sauces truffle aioli and some house ketchup. . . I also snagged a bite of the boyfriend's chicken wings. There were two kinds of flavors. I don't remember specifically what the green sauce was but I remember not liking it. The spicy ones were ok. . . There was a line when we got there but the wait goes pretty fast. They'll take your number and send you a text when your table is ready if you want to roam around. Not a place I'll be recommending the next time I'm in Vegas but better than many of the other options we saw walking through Planet Hollywood.
3.5 stars. . Came here Saturday night approximately 7ish pm.  Waited for about 30 minutes.  First off, aren't people wow'd by all that gas wasted used for a firey window display?  Must be an expensive gas bill at the end of the day. . . Loved the ambiance.  Wished I sat near the bar where we can see the chefs cook and bring the plates out for a better experience just like the show!. . Food - The Jalapeno Poppers - Really good, but very spicy! Served super hot and crispy on the outside.  . . Parmesan Truffle Fries - Good, like the sauces that accompanied it. . . Hell's Kitchen Burger - was so so.  Added portobello mushroom with it! $8.00 to add portobello mushroom. Did not know to add portobello mushrooms it would cost half the burger. lol wtf.. . Creme Brulee Oreo Milkshake - Let me tell you, the milkshake is pricey.  However, the milkshake is bomb!!!! Basically half the cup was the oreo milkshake while the top half was the creme brulee.  I felt like creme brulee could have been better.. . Overall the prices for the food were on point (minus the $8.00 to add portobello mushrooms) Not sure if I'd come back here again.. . Tip - Make sure to sign up for a Total rewards Card - It's free and takes $1.00 off every item you order off the menu.
The good thing about this place is that they're open late, why I'm eating dinner at almost midnight is a different topic.  The truffle fries were good, I like just about anything with truffle.  They have quite a variety of burgers.  I tried basically the All American burger, a tradition cheese burger, and the uber cheese burger.  The uber cheese burger had three different cheeses and was good, though the meat part of the burger could have been a bit more seasoned and larger; you don't want any bun only bites after all.
Pretty  good. . Got to try a few things.. . My kids got a plain hot dog, nothing on it... And I tried it, the hot dog it self was good.. . The wings were good, I didn't care for the honey wasabi ones, but the others were good.. . The plain fries were a let down - soggy, mealy...but the sweet potato wereexcellent.. . My wife liked her hells kitchen burger... I tried it, it was ok.. I loved my farm house burger. The egg was cooked well and duck breast bacon was good, but it was more like pastrami, not bacon. . . Coffee shake thing with Nutella pudding - pretty darn good.. . The service here is amazing for a burger joint. . . The biggest downside - wait time. It was a 45 minute wait on a Friday at 2:30... By the time we were seated and done with our food it was 4:30. . All in all good experience. Not as good as BLT at the mirage though.
We've tried both of Chef Ramsay's other restaurants here in town decided it was time to get the last one out of the way.  We stopped in after work on Friday afternoon after work (about 4:00) and got good seats right near the kitchen where we could watch everyone working.  We really wanted to like the place, but it just didn't live up to expectations.. . Initial observations:.    1. The wait time was short--only about 5 minutes from the time we got in line until we were seated..    2. It's a hundred and a bazillion degrees outside--why is the line right next to flaming "artwork?".    3. More tacky outfits for the hostesses and waitresses.  We understand the premise, but they just aren't flattering; at least not on the women here..    4.  Hostesses are carrying around the iPad paperweights just like at GR Pub & Grill.  We thought we'd be looking at them to order our drinks, but after seating us, she took it with her.. . It was only a few minutes after being seated that the waiter showed up and took our drink orders.  I thought that this was also a bar where I could order a bear with my burger, but apparently not.  No beer in sight on the menu--strange since they have beer glasses for sale at the front of the restaurant.  Learned later that yes, the airhead that was our hostess was supposed to leave the iPad with us.  Of course, our waiter (who never gave us his name) didn't even ask about alcoholic drinks or let us know that they were available.  . . We thought we'd order different burgers and split them between us so we could sample more than one while we were here.  Brenda ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger (avocado, jalapeno, and roasted tomato) without the jalapeno, and I ordered the Farm Burger (duck bacon, fried egg, and French cheddar).  We also ordered both the sweet potato fries and the truffle Parmesan fries.  We had them bring the fries out first so we could snack on them while we waited for the burgers to arrive. The waiter left with our order and we never saw him again until it was time to pay the bill.. . While we waited for our food we watched the drama in the kitchen.  One of the food runners must have been having a bad day because every time we saw her in the kitchen area she was crying and the expediter was spending his time consoling her.  Another of the employees working the pass was so short that she couldn't reach the food that the staff was putting under the heat lamps.  We watched two orders of fries sit there for the 15 minutes it took to get us our food.. . A food runner brought us our fries and we think she was explaining what the different dipping sauces were that came with each order.  The Parmesan fries come with an aioli mayo and ketchup and the sweet potato fries come with some sort of jalapeno dip and a powdered vanilla sugar.  The sweet potato fries were excellent--nice and crispy although Brenda thought the sugar made them just a bit too sweet.  The truffle Parmesan fries had good flavor, but were limp and soggy without any hint of crispness; almost as if the oil they were cooked in wasn't hot enough.  I enjoyed the sauces that came with both fries.  Brenda really didn't care for either and thought they overpowered the sweet potato fries.. . When our burgers arrived, we cut each and half to share.  Both burgers were cooked as ordered--medium on the Hell's Kitchen burger and medium rare on the Farm.  The Hell's kitchen burger was OK, but nothing to get excited about.  The burger itself was seasoned well; however, it just lacked that wow factor.  It could be that the jalapeno was supposed to add that, but unfortunately, not everyone can eat jalapenos.  The Farm Burger was fantastic.  As soon as we sliced into it, the egg yolk oozed down the sides.  This is one burger you probably want to eat with a knife and fork. The duck bacon added a nice smoky flavor to it, although Brenda thought it was a bit heavy for her tastes.. . All during dinner, one of the busboy/runners kept our drinks filled at all times.  He was by our table when our waiter finally showed up to give us the check and noticed the card was from USAA and immediately struck up a conversation about the military.  Semper Fi, Marine!  You were the only bright spot out of the entire wait staff.  When the waiter came back with the receipt and card, he made the mistake of handing it to me and ignoring Brenda (who was paying the bill).  If we hadn't found out from the Marine that they pool tips here, this waiter would have gotten a big fat zero tip.. . All in all it wasn't a bad experience--it just wasn't what we were expecting after eating in Ramsay's other restaurants.  The food was ok, but for the price it should be a lot better than Red Robin.  The service, with the exception of one person, pretty much sucked--not sure if the Culinary Union has their hooks in this place, but if they do, that could explain the service problems.  Hopefully this will be like GR Pub & Grill and the second visit will be better than the first.
I would love to give this place 5 stars but the seating experience and lack of organization in the front of the restaurant brought it down quite a bit.  The food...excellent.  Burgers were cooked how they should be an the sides are extremely well done.  . . We stood in the 2 top line for around 35 minutes after being told it would take on 15-20.  I get that this is a hot spot but the three young girls at the front had no clue what they were doing.  The lack of management and/or direction from anyone with authority was evident.  . . Once seated, the server took a while to get over, again, I understand because it's busy, but when you see other servers busting their hump with the same amount of tables, it's disconcerting.  It took a good 5-8 minutes to get drinks and when we ordered those, we knew ordering food at that same time was the better choice.  Food came out in reasonable time considering it's a gourmet burger restaurant.  I think the server came back once and it was less than 5 seconds.  We spent more time with the runners than her.. . To the meal....man, it was good!  I had the hell's kitchen burger and my wife had the american.  Both came out a perfect medium rare.  The buns were to die for, a perfect combination of flavor and texture.  To top it all off, the onion rings and parmesan fries are top notch, if I were to go back, I wouldn't order both because of size and would have a hell of a time deciding.. . Paying was ok, I like that they have a survey in the bill holder that you can fill out right away, very classy and allows you to communicate your like or discontent before you forget.  . . All in all, it was good.  Had I not gone to Gordon Ramsey's Pub and Grill earlier in the week and had such a wonderful experience, i'd write the Brit and his restaurants off altogher.  However, if given the chance again, I'd go to either in a heartbeat.. . Get there early and you should be fine.  We went Sunday morning and it was packed by 1130a.
Through no fault of Gordon Ramsay's, I had a very odd experience at Gordon Ramsay BurGR,and I will definitely have to give this restaurant another chance on another occasion.. . It all began when we rolled up at about one p.m. on a Saturday. I was very much looking forward to trying this place as I am quite the connoisseur of delicious burgers and truffle fries. We stood in a very long line for a bit next to an elaborate fire display (not feelin' the fire, by the way, because it was about 120 degrees outside as is). The hostess eventually came around to take our names and told us that it would be about an hour wait.. . "That's no problem at all," thought we. "We'll just head over to the bar to kill some time." Famous last words.. . We headed deeper into the Planet Hollywood casino and found ourselves ordering up at Fat Tuesday. Not a wise decision. At all.. . By the time we were seated at our Gordon Ramsay BurGR table, we were already crossing over from pleasantly buzzed to quite unintentionally intoxicated. Woe.. . Still, we ordered two of the truffle parmesan fries for the table and a burger each. The fries ($11) were absolutely fantastic. The parmesan topping was fabulous, and the truffle aioli dipping sauce they were served with was to die for. Two orders were probably excessive on top of our already uneasy conditions, but they were certainly delicious enough.. . The burgers took some time to come out, and unfortunately for me, I was no longer in the mood to feast upon my blue cheese burger ($14) when it was placed before me. From what I can recall, it was well-cooked and very tasty (albeit rather plain). Though "gourmet," these burgers aren't very daring. They are simple burgers, average sized, and topped with typical add-ons. There is not much that makes them stand out.. . But maybe I was just drunk. My apologies to Mr. Ramsay. I will have to give BurGR another shot -- this time after fewer shots.
For this place to have Chef Ramsay's name on it, I wasn't too impressed. To be honest I can get a better burger at 5 guys and for half the price and wait time. You get 3 stars Chef Ramsay, now piss off!!!!
I wish you could give half stars, I would say a 3.5.. . I'll start off with the line, it was not that long but it took along time for it to move almost 15 minutes for me to get seated but that's because I was a party of one and got to sit at the bar or else I would have been there way longer. I didn't expect it to take long since I was seated at 11:45PM on a Saturday.. . It was quick to order and get my drink, since of course I was sitting right at the bar, but it was really long before I got my burger. I sat there for almost 45 minutes because I had to meet someone at 12:30PM and I got it right at that time. Luckily they were running late too so I had time to enjoy my food in the restaurant. During the wait though, the staff at the bar kept telling me that it will be out any minute and kept saying sorry for the wait which I find nice because they are at least acknowledging that it is taking a fairly long time.. . I thought the food was great, I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and it had a great kick because I like spicy foods. It really did satisfy my late night hunger and I was super happy with what I picked and maybe worth the wait but I still felt it was a super long time to get. . . I would say overall what brought up this place to so many stars was the food, I felt the service was okay at best but not good by any means.
So I was pretty excited about Burgr. I'm a bit of a burger snob, kinda like you have to be when your 30th birthday is approaching way too fast, and you realize that your diet suddenly (and strangely) demands that you no longer eat any old burger.. . So going to a burger joint is a big deal for me. And here are the initial thoughts on Burgr.. . It's just ok. I know, I know, I wanted better too. When you walk in, there's this giant photo of Ole' Gordon hands in the air, exclamation on his face, and you're thinking "I want to duplicate that after I eat my burger." But you can't, and you won't, unless you're one of those people under 30 who can eat any old burger any day, I'd say choose wisely and check out Burger Bar or Holsteins.. . The appetizers were alright. The sauce on the poppers was fantastic, the poppers themselves were just meh. Likewise with the chicken wings, the wasabi was alright, it was the sweet one that had a nice flavor kick to it.. . I got the Euro Burger and it was just too much on the goat cheese. I like goat cheese, but it was smothered in so much that the other flava flavs never had a chance to compete.. . The real winners if you choose to go here are these: the beer list (fun) and the truffle oil parmesan fries which were some of the best french fries I can recall having in a long time. The service was nothing impressive but nothing horrible, and the Oreo creme brule milkshake was alright, but nothing compared to the great ALCOHOLIC shakes at Holsteins! . . So if you're a Ramsy fan, check the place out. The burgers aren't bad, but for what you can get someplace else on the strip, they also aren't the go to burgers I was hoping for!
Very overrated.  We waited 40 mins for bells kitchen burger and a chicken sandwich.  Both were only okay.  Will not return.
I am a huge Gordon Ramsay fan and have been waiting to try this place out. We finally got around to it and I was a bit disappointed.. . It was hard to choose whether to give this place 4 stars or 3. I went with 3 for a few reasons.  When we were finally towards the front of the line, a couple in front of us returned to the front.  They told us that they were going to be seated next to the fire and it was way too hot. So the hostess said "next 2!" (which was us) and ran off.  When we didn't follow her, she turned around and gave us the rudest glare.  If she didn't run off she would have heard us try to tell her that we would rather not sit next to a fire.  Vegas already feels like fire 24/7, who wants to be even hotter?  Her attitude was such a turn off and put me in a bad mood.. . We proceeded to get sat a few minutes later. After almost 10 minutes of sitting there without being greeted, I started to look around.  We weren't the only ones who were clearly ready to order and didn't even have drinks.  Maybe they should put more people on the floor??. . We ordered the jalapeno poppers $12.  They were good.  I really liked the cheddar ranch dipping sauce.  I ordered the Farm burger $15 (duck breast bacon, english sharp cheddar, fried egg).  It was delicious although a tad overcooked.  I also ordered the truffle parmesan fries. Sooo good!! BUT they were undercooked.  I thought they would be hot and crisp, instead they were soggy.  What a disappointment for $11.  There's plenty of places that sell truffle parmesan fries for $4... Although the flavor of these were by far my favorite.  I loved the truffle aioli that came with it.  My mouth is watering just thinking about the fries (especially how good they would be if they were cooked right).  My bf ordered the hell's kitchen burger $14, which he liked.  But he said he should have added a fried egg and bacon on it.  For drinks we got a blue moon $7 and a cocktail $11.  I can't remember what the cocktail was called.  Although it was tasty, it was literally a mike's hard with a shot of whiskey. . . Service was okay. It's a "take your order and drop the check" kind of restaurant... . . Would I return? Not sure. If I did I would skip the drinks and the appetizer. For an appetizer, two burgers, a fry, and two drinks our bill was $80.  Very pricey for an okay experience.  . . Oh! Also, we were told it would be a 45 min wait, it only took 20 min to get seated. Maybe the 45 min included the time it took our server to greet us and have someone bring drinks. Also, we were not offered the "we will text you when your table is ready" option.
Oh Ramsay we expected the best burger we'd ever had, but honestly we've had plenty better burgers out there at far cheaper prices and without the long one hour wait (longer for bigger parties like ours).. . The burgers themselves were just slightly underseasoned, not enough to complain, but not enough to really bring the flavor.  The buns used were too tall making it difficult to eat, and I wasn't a fan of the balance of the burger either.  I had the farm burger (16) and the white truffle fries (11) and a soda (4).  The fries were decent, much better than the plain fries, while the sweet potato fries were a bit too sweet really.  The fries are advertised as big enough to share, but honestly we had a table of 9 people who don't eat that much and we really needed 6 because we finished 5 sets without wasting a breath.  If you have a reasonable appetite you might want to order one just for yourself.. . So yeah not a bad burger, but for $31 + tax + tip for a burger/fries/soda combo I'd expect much better.  On the plus side the service was some of the best we've had.
More like 3.5 stars, but my burger really dropped it back to 3.. . This is a smaller restaurant, compared to Ramsay's gourmet steak house in Paris, but it is casual and more inviting. Service was good, and we ordered:. . Farm burger: The duck bacon honestly tasted like normal bacon. There really wasn't much of a change from "bacon burger." Still, quite a hearty meal, as bacon tastes wonderful, be it duck or pig.. . Earth burger: My portabello shroom burger was filled with these yummy shrooms, and it was bun-less, making it look slightly wimpier than my friends' burgers. I didn't mind though, but when I bit in, the shrooms were INCREDIBLY salty, to the point where I almost didn't want to eat it! Maybe I should have asked for no cheese, as it may have enhanced the saltiness of the shrooms, but oh man! It was also very oily (also possibly due to the melted cheese) and I really felt like I didn't have a good meal.. . Just fries: Definitely no soggy fries here. I think I would have preferred the fries to be thicker, but it was still good. The curry ketchup was the favorite at our table.. . Sweet potato fries: I normally dislike fries with sugar, but the vanilla powdered sugar really made the difference! Delicious, especially with the honey mayo. I killed this appetizer easily and with joy. . . Overall, this is a good restaurant, but I think next time I will need to ask them to halve the sodium and nix the cheese.
I have to say I was expecting the best burger coming from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  I'm hoping it was just an error but the amount of salt in my burger made it seem like they were covering up meat that was soon to go bad!  Also I ordered it medium rare and it came completely overcooked.  The waitress was so busy chatting with some friends of hers she never came over to check on everything.  Definitely not the burger I was hoping for and Gordon would be embarrassed knowing this burger made it off the line.
After watching all of Gordon Ramsey's tv shows, I had high expectations for Burgr. . . We tried the Farm Burger which had the duck bacon and the egg. I normally put egg in most of my sandwiches so it would make it more rich. But with that, the burger was bland.  the burger definitely needed cheese or something salty to balance out the neutral taste of an egg (like how eggs always need salt/pepper, soy sauce). For me the flavor of the burger was lacking in that department. I rarely say it but it def needed a tad more sodium :/ . . My group shared order of sweet potato fries and truffle parmesan fries. . . Truffle Parmesan Fries: I was expecting to love this but it was soggy and a bit colder than fries should be. I was disappointed that it was so soggy. and the flavors did not seem to come through for me. I barely detected any truffle. . . Sweet Potato fries: I was pleasantly surprised by how flavorful these fries were! The vanilla powdered sugar really boosted the flavor of the sweet potato! It was scrumptious and I normally don't like sweet potato fries very much. :] MUST try this!. . All in all, for the price, it's still pretty hefty for a burger but it's vegas. :/ I would definitely try something different the next time I come here.
First of all I love burgers and I love boutique burgers. So on my latest 3 day burger tour of Vegas this was my first stop.. . There's good and bad about this place, but one thing is for sure - it's somewhat overrated and and definitely overhyped.. . First, the service and the vibe are kind of lame. Very tourist trap vibe and very "Vegasey". I had the Farm burger and truffle fries. The fries were not cooked well and I didn't enjoy them at all. The burger patty was perfectly formed and beautifully cooked. The problem is that it's not all that flavorful...underseasoned, no good flame or smokey flavor. If it was better seasoned it would have been great. The bun is nothing to write home about. The egg was perfectly done. The bacon was decent.. . No condiments made the burger a bit dry, so I used the aioli and ketchup from my fries. The ketchup is "meh" and really shouldn't be messed with. The aioli was good.. . Lastly, the various burger concoctions on the menu leave something to be desired and are not al that imaginative. "Euro burger"???? Ever had a burger in Europe? Blech. Not only did I not have to make a tough decision, but there wasn't even one that jumped out at me as being "OMG I have to have that".. . So Burgr's burger is not a bad burger by any stretch, but for the money there are lots better burgers available. If you are a burger connoisseur then, really, skip this place and go to either:. . 1) Burger Bar @ Mandalay Bay . . or. . 2) Holsteins Shakes and Buns @ the Cosmopolitan.. . Both offer far more satisfying burgers that were memorable, different, and deliciously satisfying. Leave Burgr to the less experienced, the more easily amused and go elsewhere.
We waited a little over an hour for a table - and I am not 100% sure the wait was totally worth it.  At least I can say I went!. What I can say is the staff was amazing!   I give RAVE reviews to the truffle fries, though they could have had a little more truffle salt!  The Fury Wings (a new take on chicken wings) were amazing.  They should serve them with the cheddar ranch they serve the jalapeno poppers with.  Wish I could have tried the poppers, but I don't eat bacon (they should offer without) but my husband said they were amazing!. As for the Burgr's - not 100% sure they are worth the money.  Thankfully they offer a fish sandwich and a chicken burger, since I don't eat beef.  The patties were juicy and cooked perfectly - just think fries should come WITH a burger - between just fries & truffle fries we spent $19 on just fries!. The experience of dining at a Gordon Ramsay restaurant was fun - but not sure I would rush to get back here again!
We had a party of 7 and waited for 2 hours to be seated on a Saturday night without a reservation - we sat down to eat at 10 p.m. (not complaining just explainingthat yes, it's that long to wait).  It's cool because they use a text messaging system to notify you about 10 minutes ahead of time before you are about to be seated.  And when they say it's going to take about 1:45 to 2 hours, they are not kidding at all.  . . The food was great.  The waiter initially was good.  The appetizers came out in a flash, drinks as well.  Then as someone said in their review things went a little downhill.  One of the helpers was really great - the one who brought us our drinks.  But the other one who helped bring out plates or whoever she was - was like some sort of bulldog on a mission.  I respect being in a hurry but I'm sorry, we did not wait 2 hours to be treated like we're an inconvenience.. . Right before our food came to us,  I noticed there was this woman sort of training some other girl who helped out with our table - she hadn't helped before that so it was sort of confusing who was helping us - our waiter did let us know one girl was helping with plates but it wasn't her.  The woman who came up as a surprise to help was very gruff (dark straight hair, a little above her shoulders - looked older than the others).  For example, when we asked for silverware (this is just one example btw) and asked for a couple of knives and forks (because gee we didn't have any), she came back with a bunch of knives and one fork and dumped them next to my sons plate then quickly walked away.  Short of saying "here, now quit bothering me because I have this girl following me around the restaurant."  Also another time, when she brought out the two missing sweet potato fries, she wedged them on the table not asking where they should go and sort of just pushed things aside without asking who they were for or apologizing for those who's plates she was pushing around.  Then she also had no eye contact or the care to ask if we needed anything else (maybe asking us and helping is not her job - I'm not sure).. . Before that, one of the servers took away the iPad that they give you to place your dessert order without asking the adults or anyone at the table if we placed our orders.  The idea of the iPad is to place your dessert order ahead of time I guess - to add that sort of technology flare but it's basically a clunky overzealous menu in my opinion.  None of us had any room to put the thing anywhere on the table so it was a hot potato cumbersome annoyance.  Not a big deal but you add that with the lady dumping silverware next to my kids dinner plate among other little things, all the nit picky things that I sort of overlooked after waiting two hours to be seated come to the surface.. . My sister's burger was dry (but at the same time when you order it well done you run that risk - but at burGR - is that acceptable?).  Mine was a little dry for medium and pink but I was fine with it.  The food was good (I have more positive things to say towards the end here). . . Our waiter was good overall so don't get me wrong.  But don't expect to wait for 2 hours and travel a long way in anticipation of receiving service or an experience that is 5 stars - not if you get the same experience we had anyway. . . I want to give this a 4 star but I just think that the food being a little dry and silverware dumping along with a brash helper is not enough to give them 4 stars.  I don't think we will be back but it was cool to be there and try out their food - my boyfriend and I have recently become big Gordon Ramsay fans and HULU has made us watch all the recent Hell's Kitchen, Master Chef, and Hotel Hell episodes (even past ones!).  . . As for the food, the jalapeno poppers were hotttt (but so good) - the jalapeno's are fresh and not frozen - we love that Gordon Ramsay believes in fresh foods.  The onion rings were pretty good too.  (Had to throw in some positive and things to suggest before I end this sort of meh review).  And also my 12-year old son who is a burger lover turned to me after the first bite of his American Burger and looked me in the eyes and said, "This.  Is.  Delicious."  So I feel it was worth the wait (we shopped while we waited) but expect to be a little irritated by some unacceptable service glitches, personality flaws and maybe burgers that are a little dry.
2.75 stars... but i'll round up.  over hyped.  super long wait... serviced sucked.  maybe our waitress had a bad day... but she wasn't friendly at all.  Food took forever to come out.  . . I tried 2 of the burgers.  the one with duck bacon and the spicy one.  Both were kinda dry.  They needed more flavor or something.  Felt like my hamburger may have sat around for a while.  it wasn't hot... like it just came off the grill.  Sweet potato fries were good.  The truffle fries... didn't really have enough truffle taste.   chocolate shake was good.  pass on the asian porky belly buns.  Mediocre at best.
My wife and I came here one day for lunch, and we were a little disappointed. First the outside design is fantastic, fire inside a window and the design of it was just so interesting. . . One thing we didn't really like is that they seem to want to build up hype by creating a long line when there is no reason to. All the times we walked by (which was a lot because we were staying at Planet Hollywood) there was a long line, and the majority of the time the restaurant was basically empty and could have sat everyone in line. . . As for the food it was not really the best, we both had a burger, though I don't remember which because they were both pretty bland and unimpressive. The truffle fries were really good, though at times a tad too salty. . . The milkshakes were also a little different, instead of just a milkshake, they put custard on top of the milkshake, very different and I enjoyed that. . . I would not recommend going here for a burger, there are a lot of other places around the strip that have better burgers.
Was walking around Miracle Mile in Planet Hollywood. Saw the line and the thought how delicious a burger would sound.. . CHANTER BURGR ($16). - Basically a mushroom with arugula burger. - great presentation of the burger. - large and looked delicious. - the first bite wasn't as satisfying as I thought it would be. - the burger itself wasn't too juicy and didn't have that strong of a flavor. - the mushrooms and arugula added a bit more flavor but not enough to compensate for the meat. - overall the burger was decentbut didn't feel like the $16 was worth it . - I wasn't the only one that felt that way; a lady that was waiting at the slots next to be said she could get 5 burgers at Carl's Jr for the same price and would be a lot more satisfied! I wouldn't go that far but I could definitely get a better tasting burger at The Counter.. . SWEET POTATO FRIES ($9). - topped with powdered sugar served with a honey aioli. - they were a bit soggy but still delicious. - I would still order again but I do like some sweet potatoes. . SERVICE: decent but could be better. Initially the service was good. The waitress took my to-go order at the counter and gave me an estimated time of 25 minutes. After about 35 minutes I came back to check on my food and it still wasn't ready. It wasn't until the waitress went into the kitchen after I waited another 5 minutes that the food was done. I never got the text message, well because my food wasn't ready at the allotted time anyway.. . ENVIRONMENT: Great. The outside of the restaurant is very modern and hip. Even the menus are awesome.There is a bar area and the main dining room area. Everyone seems so jovial and happy to be there. As you line up into the restaurant there is interactive menu as well as fake flames to make the food seem even more delicious.. . Overall, I'm not taken aback by any of the 2 Gordon Ramsay (The London in West Hollywood and BurGR). The meals are decent but nothing that I would recommend people to. The burgers sound delicious on paper but aren't too special other than the great presentation. I would be coming back as I'm sure I can get other meals in Vegas at the same price and be completely satisfied.
In the past couple of Vegas trips, I was bombarded with so many advertisements for Gordon Ramsay's new burger spot at Planet Hollywood that I had my heart set on checking this place out. I was so excited when our group decided to go, but my excitement turned to disappointment after my first bite of my burger. There are so many better burger spots in Vegas.. . Food:. 1) Hell's Kitchen Burger consists of roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, cheese, and oven roasted tomatoes. The patty was a bit overcooked than what I ordered and it was a bit dry. The first thing I noticed was that the bread was spongy, which threw me off. It just didn't go well with the burger overall. I think I would've rated the burger higher had a different bun been used. In addition, I can't justify paying $14 for that level and size of a burger without fries. 2 Stars**. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=wLuYs8aW3W1-xGoBhl1dKQ#JHKC0BPLK7zcydP_yMYlIg. 2) Truffle Parmesan Fries were some of the best that I've tried. I could actually taste the truffle and there wasn't too much parmesan cheese that it masked the truffle flavor. 4 stars****. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=wLuYs8aW3W1-xGoBhl1dKQ#-HoXHBgziWqfUPopOFdPVg. 3) Roasted Jalapeno Poppers were simply top notch! I would have to say that this is one of the best Jalapeno poppers that I've had so far. The cheese was simply amazing and the exterior had just the right amount of crispiness. 5 Stars*****. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=wLuYs8aW3W1-xGoBhl1dKQ#iMTTzSQznYIMRsJueVsFlg. 4) Fury Chicken Wings consists of 4 tangy hellfire blue cheese wings and 4 honey-wasabi wings. I really liked how the wings were very meaty pieces. However, theflavor was too tangy for my taste. The honey-wasabi wings were better, but I won't be ordering this again. 3 stars***. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gordon-ramsay-burgr-las-vegas?select=wLuYs8aW3W1-xGoBhl1dKQ#xaNXVkPms8gHggUGj4GELg. . Service: 4 Stars****. The hostesses were very friendly and efficient. The wait was over an hour and a half long, so we ordered to go. It was very convenient because after they took our order, they just texted us when the order was ready, which allowed us to gamble while we waited.
I'm the type of guy that loves to eat really good burgers. When I heard that celebrity-chef Gordon Ramsay was opening a hamburger joint on the strip, I was definitely interested; I wanted to see his unique take on the classic burger. Unfortunately, the hype of GR does not necessarily equate to great burgers. . . I went on a Friday night with a good friend of mine. We were seated immediately and were introduced to our waitress. Hands down, the service here is really great. Funny, talkative, and helpful, the managers really hired some great people.. . The menu has about seven or eight different burgers to choose from, each with their own unique toppings. The meat and buns of all of their burgers are all the same; so, you the only difference really is the cheese and the special condiments. I had the flame burger, which was pretty much a standard patty and bun with pepper-jack cheese and a jalapeno. Honestly, for 15 bucks, I was expecting more, patty is nothing to write home about, fries aren't included (and expensive... I paid 11 dollars for salty truffle fries), and it's just too expensive to justify the price.. . If you're a big fan of Gordon Ramsay and his TV shows, then I'd guess I would recommend BurGR. If you're just looking for a great burger on the Vegas strip, I'd suggest going else where.
I was expecting so much more.  I mean it's chef ramsey's name on it.  gordon ramsey.  There was a line outside that was bananas.  I waited in it for about 40 minutes just for a burger.  an average burger at that. I thought with all these people it must be amazing!  no. it wasn't.. . I can't take away from the service so I'll give them 5 stars for that but their food was just ok.. . We shared the Jalapeno poppers (1 was supposed to be super hot--dont know which it was).  They were good.  Cheesy.  Gigantic pepper.  Deep fried.  Not bad.. . I remember the fries were good but I can't tell ya why.  As far as burger: they give you a nice fat patty with a great char and appeal but when you bit into it--it taste so mediocre.. . Maybe I'm a burger snob.  I don't know but you can tell the burgers cooked on a grill.  I like burgers cooked on a griddle so it simmers in its own juices.  A grill, the burgers juices fall into the caverns or grill board. It loses it's juiciness and most of its taste.. . They dress it up nice. but it's just not enough.  Add to it the zoo you go through just to get a seat...   My overall experience wasn't too great. I probably will not return.  The food isn't good enough to warrant the wait.
If you haven't read all the other previous reviews about Gordon Ramsay's BurGr...be prepared for a long wait.  One good thing was you don't necessarily have to stand around and wait in line.  The hostess will text you when your table is ready so our group of 6 gambled away our money while we waited for our text.  . . Almost 2 hours later, I got a text saying our table was ready.  Starving and filled with great expectations, I looked over the menu.  I decided on getting the Euro burger.  Our group order a couple starters to share amongst the table:  parmesan truffle fries, onion rings, and jalapeno poppers.  All the starters were very tasty.  The onion rings had a great crunch on the batter and truffle aioli that came with the fries was really good.  I even spread it on my burger.. . My euro burger was cooked to perfection...medium rare.  While delicious, I felt that it was lacking some flavor.  I was missing that "WOW" factor that I was expecting from a Gordon Ramsay restaurant.  But overall,  everyone in the group really enjoyed their meal.
If you're OK with a 2 hour stint between waiting, sitting down, eating and paying plus trying to lip read what your company is telling you this restaurant will work for you. I was surprised to see 5 girls at the desk busy chatting with each other while there was a line of waiting customers (no reservations were taken, or were they?).... luckily the bar ahead of us had 3 screens running so there was plenty of stuff to watch. Our waitress (Ginger) was very nice and extremely attentive - kudos for her. Food wise? We loved our jalapeno poppers, farm burger, and sticky toffee pudding plus nutella/coffee shake. Fries wise just go for "just fries", the parmesan on our truffle fries ended up like a hairy substance and the onion rings were kind of soggy. Bill ended up at US 75 for the two of us (just fizzy water as a drink), more than the indicated US 25 per person. Business casual attire? Forget it, we were in tees and shorts and felt like being overdressed. No doubt the wait will be much longer on Fridays and Saturdays. . . Mr. Ramsay may like to assess the front desk environment, surely he won't be impressed either.
Pros:  The jalapeno poppers!  I'd give 'em four stars.  Very tasty!  Another pro is the white truffle fries, thick cut, with parmesan cheese and a homemade garlic aioli and ketchup.  Super tasty..... . However, the con is that this is NOT the burger it's cracked up to be.  Mediocre at best.  The "uber cheeseburger" is what I ordered.  It didn't have much cheese on it, and the bun didn't taste fresh...it was kind of stale/hard.  I asked for my burger to be cooked medium, but it was more like medium rare. I ate it anyway, because I know they grind their own meat, which lowers the risk of food poisoning.. . Another con is the noise level.  Forget trying to have a conversation with your dining companion - not that you'd want to - but it would be nice not to have to shout.  And there's TV's with sports all over the place....I don't care for a "sports bar" type of atmosphere.. . I would do back, but this place didn't live up to the hype for me.  And the wait staff is overly friendly....it comes off as phony and a bit pretentious.
Pretty excited about the opening of another burger joint in Vegas. We originally were headed to Holsteins but it was rather late (and we found out that they no longer were serving burgers at the time) so we went across the street to PH to try BurGR! We ordered the chanterelle burger ($16!!! WHAT!), just fries ($8), and a kale caesar salad ($12...and no protein!).. . The burger was not as juicy as Holsteins, but still pretty tasty.  The fries were decent -- could be slightly more crispy outside. They came with two interesting twists on ketchup -- one was chipotle-flavored and the other curry-flavored. Not to say we disliked those, but we did wish they also provided normal plain ketchup with the fries.. . The salad was WEAK. The name is kind of misleading since there actually wasn't much kale in it -- maybe 20%. The rest was all romaine lettuce, with everything COVERED with parmesan cheese (literally, every leaf was coated on both sides of fine cheese powder so it's not like I could just shake it off). It seemed like there were equal amounts of cheese to lettuce...pretty ridiculous if I say so! (See picture for reference). There was so much cheese and its flavor so powerful that I ended up using minimal dressing. The kale was ok, but the romaine pieces weren't very fresh...the edges were browning and wilting.. . The food here isn't the greatest, nor do we plan to come back, but the servers are SO friendly and kind! Some of the best service we've received in Vegas!. . Also, if you show your total rewards card, you get $1 off each item!
My husband , daughter and I eat out ALLOT , my husband being in the food industry ( an executive chef) , I haveeaten at high end and lower end food place's , I know what to expect from both the server's and food ( also having been a server as well ).. . That being said , here are the good comment's first... . 1. The wait was not that long for lunch. ( if you are going for dinner , go about an hour before you want to eat , the lines get VERY long ).. . 2. The food was good , out of 10 star's , 10 being the best and 0 being the worst , I would give the food an 9.. . 3. The price for a burger was not that expensive.. . 4. The actual hamburger's were VERY good size's , They DID NOT cut corner's on that.. . . Now for the negative.. . 1. VERY loud . Both the music and atmosphere , I had to yell to talk to my server and family. . . 2. Drink order's took a while 7 minute's , my 10 year old ordered a shake , that took 15 minute's.. . 3.Our server has NO personality , and seemed VERY unhappy , and only checked on us once in the hour we where there. I also noticed the other server's looked unhappy and like robot's as well. NO ONE SMILED ONCE.. . 4. I ordered a burger ( no meat ) , and they forgot the cheese. I would of thought , they would of taken at least a few dollars off , since there was no meat ... BUT NO.. . 5.When it was time for the check , I had money in front of me ( not even in the black money holder yet ) , our server came up and just took the money and said .. Are you ready to pay and took the money. I thought that to be VERY rude.. . 6. Both the orange place mat's and table hadstuff on them , and the knife had huge water spot's on it. ( like the dish washer was not working right ).. . Both my husband and I are HUGE Chef Ramsey fan's , and could not WAIT to go.. . Over all , I don't think we will be going back. I expected MORE out of a restaurant with Chef Gordon Ramsey's name on it.. . Out of 10 star's , again 10 being the best and 0 being the worst ,I would rate our verall experience a 4. . . You can have great food , BUT if the service is bad , that just ruin's it for me.. . Also NOT a place to bring children.
Came here around Father's Day. The wait time was about 60 minutes, however, the nice young ladies up front asked for my cell phone number and stated they would text me when our seat would be available. This gave my family and I time to walk around Planet Hollywood without having to wait in line. About 60 minutes passed and sure enough, I got a text telling me our table was ready. When we got there, they sat us in the corner and immediately went over the menu and answered questions that my family and I had. My wife and I ordered the "Hell Burgr", my older son got the Fish sandwich, and my youngest got the footlong hot dog! Talk about a huge dog! My son couldn't even finish it! Before we got our meals, both my wife and I ordered a shake. She ordered a banana cream and I ordered the Oreo. To be honest, I think the shakes were the best part of our meal. I would say I enjoyed those more than the the burgers! So if you do visit Gordon's Burgr, please order one of the shakes. They are out of this world! When our meal came I was ready to dig in. The burgr was a bit dry and didn't have much flavor. My wife felt the same way about hers. A little on the dry side and overall not anything to cry home about. If Gordon was present that day, I'm sure we would have heard him in the kitchen screaming, "What the f@#k is this? Take it back! Take it back now!" It was busy that day since it was in fact Father's day, so maybe the chef's had a lot to cook but didn't check well in terms of how the burgers should have come out. I ordered mine medium well and my wife's was well done. But again, tasted very dry with not much juice oozing out when one takes a bite. The fries we got were quite tasty, I believe they were the garlic parmesan ones. Definitely gotta order those when visiting as well. Overall not too bad, but would I visit Gordon's again any time soon? Probably not. However, if you're with a big party and are eager to try Burgr, give it a shot and don't forget to order the shakes!
First off the garlic truffle Parmesan fries were to die for! The actual burgers were so so, had to wait for a table at lunch on a weekday, and service was ok.  I felt the prices were fair and I enjoyed the decor.
We had several random ppl tell us how amazing the burgers were, some were even making a 2nd return trip. we waited  patiently for 30 min. Not too long for a Saturday night.  Was excited to try the Hell's Kitchen burger and the chanterell burgers. We also got the Parmesan fries.. . We mentioned to the waiter we were splitting them to share and asked if they could be cut in half. He  politely said you have a knife. (Minus a star)The food arrived in good time and was the burgers were perfectly cooked. They could have been hotter . The Fries were good but we didn't care for the sauces. The Hell's burger had nice heat from the roasted jalapeno sadly the avocado was not good and spoiled the overall  impression. The chanterell was tasty and I love the arugula. . All in all an okay experience but nothing wow'd me.
Decent burgers. The portions and price are okay for it being vegas. It's a nice option for a casual group dinner. We were able to put our name down on a sunday night for 6 people and only had to wait about 45 minutes. I liked that they just called us when our table was ready so we didn't have to stay by the restaurant.. . I got the chanterelle burger and it was pretty tasty. Unfortunately none of their burgers come with any sides so I highly recommend the truffle tries. They were delicious and one order is sharable amongst 2 people.
I went to this restaurant on Saturday for lunch with the BF and it was just ok. We didn't have to wait too long due to getting a high top bar seat, but the wait felt long because the 'fire wall', while cool looking, was very warm. We sat down and waited a bit before being acknowledged. We got a waitress who told us she was in training, but there wasn't anyone around training her...that's pretty odd. It was obvious that she was new because she was awkward and left our waters empty for long periods of time...not awesome. As far as the food, it was alright, but it wasn't as good as I would hope for a GR restaurant and for the price. I got the hell's kitchen burger plus duck bacon. The bacon was good, would definitely have it again, but the burger was assembled poorly making it hard to bite and making the bun fall apart....I mean, they put half an avocado in the middle of the bun, not spread out thin, and it was popping out all over the place...not awesome, also the chili peppers were slimy and also slid out of the bun leaving me with a mess. The flavor was decent, spicy, but not as flavorful as I hoped. The BF got the american burger and said it was fine, but nothing special. We also shared the pork bao buns and it was ok, but the pork belly needed to be cooked longer... it was hard to bite due to it being tough still, but the flavors were good. We finished with the sticky toffee pudding pops. Now, we had the sticky toffee pudding at GR steak, so maybe that ruined it for us cuz that was so damn good, but these were just ok. I don't get the pop thing, it made it hard to eat and I didn't like having to eat a huge chunk of the ice cream with no cake trying to get through the first layer. The flavor was fine, but ditch the pop....just serve the pudding from GR steak please! Overall, I liked this place better than Holstein's, but it still isn't a place I'd wait in line for.
Let me start by saying I'm a big fan of Gordon Ramsey so I was very excited to try BurGR. It was about four in the afternoon on a Sunday when my girlfriend and I got to BurGR. There were only a few people in the "line". I say "line" because there was a rope and there were people inside it but mostly outside it which seemed a bit confused. The hostesses ignored the issue for a couple minutes then finally came and sorted everything out. This was a bit annoying since they were just standing there talking to each other and didn't seem to be doing any actual work. After the line was sorted out they kept trying to push these tiny tables on everyone in line that were on the very edge of the restaurant practically inside the casino. Nobody was interested in sitting there but they sure kept asking people. These tabletops didn't look large enough to even fit food for two. While we stood in line I saw a female trying to buy a BurGR t-shirt. She had to loudly say, "Excuse me!" several times before the hostesses would stop their personal conversation and help her. The nearest hostess actually had her back to the line completely ignoring it. At that point the one hostess took the shirt from her and told her to purchase it at the bar and bring back the receipt then they would give her the shirt. They went immediately back to their conversation. It may not sound like much but the hostesses were VERY MUCH into their personal conversation more than helping customers. It was  rude. If I were to grade the restaurant based solely on the hostesses it would be one star.. . When we finally got a table the server was fairly quick helping us. We both ordered the signature "Hell's Kitchen Burger", hers without the jalapenos. We both ordered soda and it was semi cold like the soda machine was putting out warm soda and the ice wasn't cutting it. Maybe the machine was having issues. Seems like a small thing but it still bothered me. . . When we finally got our burgers and onion rings the quality of the food and presentation was very noticeable. It's exactly as I expected it would be. To me, the major downside was my burger seemed bland. I'm not a fan of tomatoes or avocado but I left them on since that's how the burger was meant to be tasted. The avocado (which has never had any flavor for me) completely masked the flavor and heat of the burger. When I finally took the avocado off the burger it finally got some flavor and heat. Even with that I don't think there was enough flavor in the burger. The onion rings were decent but the dipping sauces were great! Finally a plus. . . So, two burgers, onion rings to share, and two sodas... just under $50. Too pricey for what I got. In the restaurant's defense, my girlfriend loved the food and it was obvious they used high quality ingredients in everything. Maybe I expected too much with Ramsey's name attached. I would try it again and get something else. Maybe that particular burger wasn't right for me.. . I love a good burger and for me, in Vegas, my favorite spot is Stripburger. If anyone reading this is in SoCal try Umami Burger or Slater's 50/50. For my money, those places are far better than BurGR.
It was a nice choice for one of our nights in Vegas. We had to make the cue a little bit, but it was worthy.. The burgers were tasty and good. The size, smaller than usual, but it was nice. The fries and the onion rings were the perfect company.. Perhaps a little bit pricey.
Quick review. I expected the wait for seating, but not the long wait for the food (it's only burgers).. After the wait, still got my temp wrong  on my burger (more waiting). Taste was good but portion were small for the high price on Maui onion rings, fries and burgers.. Service was real good. . I believe KGB (Kerry Gourmet burger) and Burger bar are much better burger places.. Still a fan of Chef Ramsey.
It's OK.. . Burger: 4 stars.. I had the Hells kitchen burger, which I enjoyed, but it wasn't anything I haven't had before.. . Sweet Potato Fries: 2 stars. Sweet as in they put vanilla powder on the fries and you dip them in honey/mayo. I like my sweet potato fries to be zingy and not taste like candy.. . Shake #1: 5 stars. Chocolate milk shake topped with butterscotch pudding and a cookie with fresh whip cream! I didn't even try the cookie because there was too much food, but the shake/pudding was delicious!. . This is an affordable Ramsey restaurant and the food is good, but not memorable....except the dessert milk shakes!
I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger. I have had better and cheaper.  It seems a little egotistical to not have salt and pepper on the table.  The jalapeno poppers were excellent though.
3.5 stars. . Gordon Ramsay has been a busy man in Las Vegas, opening three restaurant concepts in three different hotels within about 8 months' time. His latest is his most casual and approachable - a burger joint within the Planet Hollywood hotel. Coming off of dinner the previous night at Gordon Ramsay Steak, this would be our second consecutive red meat meal from Ramsay.. . The menu is very streamlined and focused here, featuring a handful of snacks/appetizers and about ten burger options. There isn't your build-your-own-burger type place, which is something I appreciate. Fries and a couple of salad and hot dog options round out the menu.. . Farm Burger duck breast bacon, english sharp cheddar, fried egg (substitute regular bacon). . Hell's Kitchen Burger asadero cheese, roasted jalapeno peppers, avocado, oven roasted tomato. . My dad went for the Hell's Kitchen burger while I went with the Farm. Disappointingly, they were out of the duck bacon, so regular pork bacon was substituted for it. I'd have to say the burgers were pretty well done, with a nicely-cooked pink center for the meat and a very soft bun. The meat had a subtle smokiness, nice char and was pretty juicy. My fried egg was cooked perfectly, with the yolk oozing out once broken. Considering the bacon and egg on the burger, this was about as close as I was going to get to brunch on this Sunday morning. I thought this was a pretty good burger.. . Just Fries hand cut fries, chipotle ketchup, curry ketchup. . These larger-cut fries were done well too, crispy on the outside and fluffy inside. The housemade ketchups were quite good too. Simple but executed well.. . I don't think any diner is going to be "wowed" here, but the food is actually quite good. The burgers, while simple, were thoroughly satisfying and cooked just right. And while we didn't try anything other than sides the french fries, those were just as satisfying. There are a ton of options to alleviate a burger craving on The Strip; I would consider BurGR one of the legitimate options.
Tourist trap alert!  Tourist trap alert!. . That's what first came to mind when I dropped by to have lunch in the awkwardly-capitalized Gordon Ramsey BurGR in the Planet Hollywood hotel.. . Even at 11am -- before the doors had even opened -- there was a *massive* line at the front door, wrapping along the ultra-sleek fire-and-glass exterior and extending into the casino.  My heart sank a little, since the prospect of a 3-hr wait did not appeal to me whatsoever.. . The good news was the wait was only 5 minutes.  I skipped the line and went straight to the bar, which has open seating and serves the full menu.  (I recommend the bar to everyone trying to eat here.)  The interior is absolutely gorgeous, with no expense spared to make the atmosphere contemporary and hip.  Even the utensils are high-end.. . The menu is long, and the portions are massive.  It's very easy for your eyes to overestimate your belly's capacity here, so choose wisely.. . For lunch, I had the Hell's Kitchen burger and a side of Maui parmesan onion rings.  I was bummed at just how average they were.  The burger tasted like jalapenos and grease -- and nothing else.  I couldn't discern the beef, the cheese, nothing.  And at $14, this burger was wickedly overpriced.  I ate about half the burger before I didn't want any more.. . The onion rings were better, but not by much. The crisp was nice, but the dish was underseasoned.  No salt, no pepper.  The dipping sauces helped a bit.  I preferred the aioli.. . Service was fast.  Very fast.  Fast to thepoint that I was being rushed out of there.. . I'll skip this tourist trap next time.
The FARM BURGER was seriously average, nothing to rave about. . . Go for the CHILI HOTDOG instead!. . The MAUI ONION RINGS are a must!
Couldn't wait to try this place. We went around 5pm on a Saturday and believe or not the wait was minimal. The service was great from the start. Waiter was friendly and explained the menu in detail. I had the hella kitchen burgr, my wife the farm burgr. Our burgrs were fine and they would've received 4 stars but my sons burgr was way too salty and the sweet potato fries was way to sweet for my liking.
gordon ramsay. when you hear that name, you just want to try it because of all of the things he is involved in and the fact that he's a famous chef. which is what made my boyfriend and i want to try it even more is all of the ratings on yelp. our experience= overrated. sideways thumbs which is leaning more towards down. couldn't decide between 2 or 3 stars so i figured i'll be nice and give them 3. . . ordered: . *honey pig bao buns comes with roasted pork belly, cucumber, radish, cilantro, honey hoisin sauce for $13. not bad. just not the best we've had! the meat is a bit chewy so it's hard to bite. which makes it a mess and the portion of bun and meat ratio not even. i'm asian and grew up eating asian things. this didn't really do it for my asian taste bud. i would recommend trying this at an asian restaurant instead.. *american burger-american cheese, butter lettuce, tomato, pickle and onions for $13. their burgers are grilled over apple and alder wood. such a simple concept and burger. who could go wrong right? well, let's just say they didn't go wrong. i'm just not won over. it did not win me over. not mouthwatering. if you read my reviews you know i love me some burgers. in n out is better than this! . *truffle fries $11- i have had better truffle fries at a mom and pops type of place in LA. better than the burger. . . if this is considered a great burger joint then I'm lost for words. My boyfriend and I were seriously so disappointed. saw a bunch of hostess standing around outside. customer service was just okay. nothing special or over the top. we totally would not come back. overly priced!. . tips:. *they sell merchandise such as t shirts As souvenirs.. *cool little fold out menu.. *lots of hostess standing around. . *you do get to order off an ipad for your beverages. . *cool and modern decor.. *there are TV's around.. *cash and credit card accepted.. *they serve alcohol.. *located in planet hollywood.
Lived in Vegas all my life. Hate the strip and avoid it at all costs especially since I work there, but I'm obsessed with Gordon Ramsay thanks to Kitchen Nightmares as well as my boyfriend so we had to try it. . . Dined last night, walked in a little before 11. Got seated right away which was a nice surprise considering I was expecting some kind of wait. Loud atmosphere, but what else could you expect at a popular restaurant at a casino? Menu is simple and detailed well enough for customers to understand. We ordered onion rings as an appetizer which took longer than usual to come out, which was fine considering they were cooked to perfection. Boyfriend thought they were a little bland in taste over all, but I found them to be quite appetizing especially when dipped with their specialty ranch sauce, yum! I ordered the Hell's Kitchen burger. Perfect spicy for me and my boyfriend got the American. Both our burgers were good, nothing to rave over, but we enjoyed them over all. Truffle Parmesan fries were very good! We figured we probably won't be going all the time so we might as well try their popular items. All in all they were good, quality was fresh and you can taste that in the food. Bill was $55 for everything we ordered and a drink. Good quality, good food, decent service.
Atmosphere was good, the "farm burger" I had was good, but the service was slow and they didn't have any gluten-free options other than French fries.
I also want to give it a 3.5 stars for "good, but not excellent" I had the Hell's kitchen burger- it was good, meat cooked to a nice pink medium rare, roasted pepper was juicy and mildly spicy, avocado was creamy. It was good, but nothing out of the ordinary. Nice to try but wouldn't go back for it. Umami Burger in SF/LA is still way tastier. Sorry Gordon!. . Note: One burger is super rich and we were fill halfway through our burgers. My bf and I each had one and could hardly eat our truffle fries. My advice is to finish your burgers first and then see if you have room for fries. Otherwise it's such a waste because fries just don't taste good once they're stale. Or, you could share just split one burger and order the fries.
It took us about 15 minutes to get in during the off season.. . This place was unbearably loud. There is no soundproofing to speak out and no walls! This is inside Planet Hollywood Resort and Casino which may partly explain the big noise factor.. . The burgers were good but not out of this world as you would expect with a Gordon Ramsey restaurant. The sweet potato fries were delicious.
After having an awesome meal at Gordon Ramsey Steak we thought we'd try out BurGR.  First up there was a 20 minute wait for a table of 2.  They don't take reservations, so that was a bit annoying.  . . Once seated the service was good. No complaints there.  I did think the interior space could have been punched up a bit.  It seemed a bit Food Court like for my taste.  I really did not need to see a GIANT pic of Ramsey my entire meal.. . The food was OK.  Honestly it did not taste any better then any other special burger place I've eaten (comparison would be Flip by Richard Blais).  We ordered the jalapeno poppers, which were good, but a bit cold. The burgers them self just left a bland feeling afterward.  My Partner ordered the American Burger recommended by the server and did not finish it because he felt it was tasteless.  I ordered the Bleu cheese burger and It was just a bleu cheese taste to it.  . . For $100 I would have expected more.  We had 3 cocktails 2 burgers and fries for that amount.  I would not go back, I actually debated on 2 stars, but felt bad because the staff was nice.  Really I guess a rating for me would have been 2.5 stars.
Tell me what the rave is about? 45 min wait in line and we dominated the burgers within minutes. I ordered the damnation burger which was chicken and dilled pickles with lettuce wrap. It was more or less a protein burger. The flavor wasn't great, and was disappointed. My boyfriend ordered the euro burger and it was much more flavorful.  . . If you go, order beef burgers, it looks big, but it's because of the bun. The service wasn't bad I suppose, quite nice and burgers did take awhile to get to us. They mentioned that they make everything as orders are placed to ensure freshness. Ok, I give you that.. . But will I return? Um..not likely and I'd try other burger places on the strip. For the wait, cost, and taste? No..
For a restaurant with Gordon Ramsay's name, it was not as impressive as I thought it'd be. The floors were dirty, and nothing looked very well maintained. Decent burgers, but they didn't taste fresh or juicy. Truffle fries were ok but not very well seasoned. I'd shake it up a bit, but I think the bottom portion of the fries where all the seasoning is, is just unsalvageable. . . Not a restaurant to rave about or even suggest going to if you're staying in Vegas.
This was my first time ever coming to a Gordon Ramsay restaurant and i have to say that the food was amazing. I highly recommend the fries and the classic american burger. My friends had the shakes and had no complaints!!!. . However, the service i was not impressed with at all. After waiting an hour to be seated, we were sat at a table (there were 5 individuals) that was meant for 4 people and the hostess did not act as if there was any issue with this placement. Next, we ordered shakes that came before our water and to top it all off, the waitress never told us that the fries came in such large portions so we looked pretty stupid sitting there with the fries but luckily we were able to have 2 orders of fries removed from the bill.. . Overall it was an okay place.
I have mixed feelings about this place so that's why it gets a 3. Ordered the Caesar salad which sounded interesting but the apples seemed like an after thought, just a little topping to a mediocre overly dressed pile of lettuce. I got the American burger which was really juicy and delicious and bf got the Hell's Kitchen which he loved. It definitely has a big kick, if you don't like spice you won't like that! Service was super slow but we were watching tennis anyway so no big deal. It's decent and better than eating lunch at a bar where everyone is getting drunk so 3 stars, served its purpose for what we needed.
Thankfully there wasn't a wait/line to eat here on a Wednesday lunchtime.. . I had the Hell's Kitchen Burger and split some onion rings with my wife.  The burger came cooked medium and the smoked jalapeno was really really spicy (the avocado helped calm it down some)  I liked the regular & black sesame seeded bun - it was a tad "doughy", but held together well.. . The onion rings had a good flavor/size/crunch but sadly were a little too greasy (perhaps the oil wasn't up to temperature?) the spicy ketchup and ranch they come with were good.. . We ordered the sticky toffee pudding "pops" for dessert and these weren't great.  The sponge part (the sticky toffee part) was very authentic, but the "salted peanut" ice cream was not good at all - it really didn't taste of anything outside of icy milk.. . So I suggest they serve sticky toffee pudding the "proper" way with hot custard.. . The bill for 2 burgers, one order of onion rings, 3 beers and the dessert came to $80 with tip which honestly left me feeling like it was a little too much (I know we are right on the Strip, but I don't think the taste of the food warranted that cost).
Just okay. Service was decent and the sides were good but our burgers were decidedly average among the "high-end" burger joints popping up all over Las Vegas. Also the pudding shakes don't quite measure up to a good ice cream shake. The fish sandwich looked excellent, wish we ordered that instead. For a high end burger and a shake you would do better at a few (less crowded) places, especially Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay which is outstanding.
We went to try burgr after a disappointing experience at Ramsay's pub and a great experience at his steakhouse... We showed up at 1:30 and it was packed ! we waited and got a table I got a beer (Innis and Gunn), very good and we shared the euro burger. The fries and the burgers were great (they should go to the pub and show them how it's done !). The Waitress was nice and efficient. The only downside was the atmosphere a little too.... cafeteria in my opinion, which kills the experience a little bit since you are literally stacked on top of other people. Prices are reasonable and the food is good. A good place to grab a quick bite (if you can wait in line for a while...).
Burgers look great but been here 22 min and still waiting for fries and the place is dead with a ton of staff. Hope the burgers are worth it.... They were. The burgers were amazing and so were the fries. 3 stars because the wait was horrible.
I debated between 3 and 4 stars on this place but decided to go with 3. Was recommended by a co worker who visits Vegas frequently. I have to say its one of the better burgers I've had but not sure if it was worth the price - off the strip I'm sure this place would be more reasonably priced for the food. As with most other Yelpers I had Hells Kitchen but I like spicy food. Also in part because a few of the menu options had an item I either didn't care for (mango chutney) or was unsure about (figgy onion jam). Also for a price of $8-11 their fries could have been better (maybe try fresh not frozen).. . I also have to side with those who said they got a table fairly quickly but the food took longer than expected. My girlfriend and I were seated in about 20 minutes and drinks were out within 5. But waited over 30 minutes for 2 burger and truffle fries.. . 3 stars for a good burger, good drink menu and friendly/knowledgable staff. . . Will get an additional 2 stars once the fries improve along with the wait time for the price of food. If I'm going to pay $17 for a burger by itself, 15 minutes should be the max. wait time, not 30 +.
One of my favorite places to eat at in Vegas. Their burger is pretty delicious, but not the best just yet. Their fries are decently good. But what makes this place special to me is the decor and service. It is one of a kind with a cool fire display wall separating the outside and inside of the restaurant.
We tried to call for reservations..... no one answered the phone, it just rang and rang. Decided to just go and give it a try. Some other reviews I read said that they were seated rather quickly. . BurGR really need to work on their front end system!! They do not take reservations... Only parties of 3 or more get to give their number and go wait for a text until their table is ready. Parties of two must stand in a miserable line resembling a line for a casino buffet. Even the cheapest restaurants have a better system than this. Waited 45 minutes in line, then another 30 at the table before our order was taken. It was a Friday night, but come on, their has to be a better way!!. . The food.....The stuffed jalapeno appetizer was really good. My husband ordered the hog burger and I had the hells kitchen burger. We shared the Parmesan truffle fries. My husband said his burger was very flavorful. Mine was good... not great... but good. I guess my expectations were a little high. I am a local and for me to battle the Las Vegas strip on Friday night for a burger it needs to be worth the effort. . Maybe I will give them a try for lunch during the week when it isn't so busy. The table next to us ordered the hot dog and it looked amazing!
Loudest restaurant I've been to in years; too loud to have a conversation. Good service; however the burger I got was average at best. The cheese on the Uber Cheese burger wasn't melted and that was all that came on it; no onions, lettuce, nothing. The bun was good though and my husband enjoyed his burger well enough. Probably would not return; too many other places to try.
I'm not giving this restaurant 3 stars for the quality of food because it was truly delicious! But the service was among the worst. I would highly recommend the jalapeno poppers. They were phenomenal despite the fact that temperature-wise they were not very hot. What really irritated my husband and I was we each had an ice water & I a diet coke. They refilled our water once after aggressively waving down a server that wasn't even our waiter! My husband ordered a beer that he did not receive until after our appetizer and as our burgers were being served. We also were nearly finished with our burgers when the fries came. After we were finished, we wanted to order a shake. We waited nearly 20 minutes to get our servers attention. After all was said and done, it was a $75 meal for two I would have rather spent at Bachi Burger.
Coming from a place filled with gourmet burgers I definitely set my bar higher for a gourmet and 14 dollar burger.  If I wasn't from LA, this place would've definitely gotten 4 stars or higher. . My farm burger was ehhhh okay, good but not worth 14 dollars but my husband definitely enjoyed his Hell's Kitchen burger! It's spicy but he loved it! So if I had to return, I guess I'll try Hell's Kitchen burger instead.
Came here for a late lunch on a Thursday.  The fire feature in front of the restaurant is eye catching and attracts many photo seeking tourists.  . . My first impression was of the uniforms that the employees have to wear.  The uniforms do not compliment the staff and are too tight on the girls.  They looked like bad Halloween costumes. . we also noticed that they use the same rag / towel to clean the seat cushions as they do on the tables.  Seemed a little strange to use the same towel for both.... . Our waitress was a very nice Australian girl who did an outstanding job (Name?).  We asked for our fries to come out first as the Burgers we were told take 20-25 minutes.  The fries did come out but before our water was served.. We went for the regular fries and were very disappointed.  They were not flavorful and not crispy enough.  You can get the same frozen fries at Costco unfortunately.. . Next arrives the shake.  It was a creme brulee custard with oreo shake..OUTSTANDING!  Best shake ive had in a while.. . The Burgers were also exceptional but mine came plain with no accompaniments or garnishes (maybe i didn't read the menu thoroughly) .  I ordered the Uber Cheese burgrand it didn't disappoint.   The other people in my party had the chicken burgers and they loved them as well.. . We had to wait a while to get the check and had to flag staff down to request it.  For a place that seemed to be on a wait they should make this process more efficient in order to turn the tables faster.  . . Throughout the experience you will see a lot of different staff come to the table as they all have a specific job it seems...It would of been nicer to have the main waitress deliver most of the items except the food as it takes away the personal touch.  The burgers and her were the best part of the experience i just wish we saw more of her :)
3 Stars for this place !We came at around 11am and left around 2pm. All the reviews I've read for this place sound so awesome and I wish I could of traded spots with one of these 5 stars reviewers! I'm not sure if it was because we went on a bad day...but my experience here was by far not what I expected. . . My boyfriend is a fan of gordon ramsay and hells kitchen and he has always wanted to try this place, so when we came back to Vegas, we decided hey why the heck not! We waited about 40 minutes to get in the restaurant and another 5-10 mins to get seated. Just a FYI, this place is crammed with people. There were probably like 50 workers that day and our server went missing after I told her we were ready and took another 10-15 minutes to actually come back to our table to give us water and take our order. She disappeared after that and we waited another 40 minutes for our burgers. Seriously? its a burger. . . The food! I ordered the Euro burger and he ordered the hells kitchen burger. The burgers came out a little dry, with every bite of the burger, I had to drink water to wash it down lol. The flavor wasn't bad though, just a tad dry. Thank god for ketchup right?? The fries were delicious though! But overall I'd probably come back... maybe. . . When we were done eating, I didn't think it would be so difficult to find out server. I think she forgot about us :( ! We had to ask multiple servers to help us locate her...maybe if she had a navigation chip to locate her, we wouldn't have to wait another 20 minutes to get our check. So by the time she came to our table, she apologized and dropped off the bill really quick and walked away! She didn't even give me a chance to give her my card cause we needed to leave ASAP! We were at the restaurant for a good 3 hours for a freaking burger lunch, which was supposed to be quick. But after she came back she took another 15 minutes to return my card. By then I'm already pissed and she acted as if shes been tending to us the whole meal. Mainly what ruined this experience was her service, we wish we had another server!!! But overall, its kinda overrated for my taste, I can go to a yardhouse or even a Bjs and get good burger. But we still love Gordon Ramsay!
I was really excited to visit Burgr! big fan of Gordon Ramsay.. . Service was ok. . Food was ok. burger came out cold.. Price was ... err.. once a year is ok... not cheap.. . Was I expecting too much ?
On my most recent trip to Sin city, me and my brother decided we would try out Ramsay's newest venture on the strip. We headed over to Planet Hollywood and got in the "20 minute wait" line. I let my brother wait as i hit a few slot machines, 20 minutes later we were seated, good start.. . Our waiter came to take our drink order but it was early and we were not in the mood for one of the many beers they have on tap so we just got waters. Our food orders were taken in a timely manner, and then we waited... and waited... and waited some more. In my opinion, a medium rare burger and some fries should not take over 25 minutes to come out, but hey maybe thats what a Ramsay restaurant is all about.. . I got the cheese cheese and more cheese burger, it was, to say the least, cheesy. I love cheese, but I was a little cheesed out by the end of it. We ordered the truffle garlic fries and they were very good. . . The prices were not ridiculous, i think we spent about $40 total for our two burgers and fries. . . I think the long wait left a bad taste in my mouth, so one star off for that. The other because the food just was not five star worthy, but it is a good burger. I'll probably try the Cosmo's burger place next time before i come back here.
I skipped this place a few times. Honestly the menu was not that appetizing and pricey for a hamburger.  . This time I figured screw it, place is packed, gets great yelp reviews, let's give it a shot.  Slow service, cold burger and really just not that good.  Celebrity face +cheap food = Money maker.  2 burgers with 2 beers, 50 bucks.  It should have been the best damn burger ever. My dinning partners burger had a stinky meat taste to it, she barely ate any of it.  Mine was just cold.  Place is packed with servers, yet everything took so long. . Honestly Gordon Ramsay should do a kitchen nightmare episode on this place.
I thought BurGR was pretty good, but not anything mind-blowing.  I really like BurGR for a few reasons:. . 1. Total Rewards Discount . 2. I won a $10 dining voucher. 3. Food was on clean, on point, and tasted well. 4. Service was impeccable.. . I thought there was a lot of things done well.  The server kept talking about "chef" and things he recommends/likes so it felt a lot more personable with Gordom Ramsay.  They had an extensive beer list which came out in an iPad (I love tech savvy restaurants).  We had the jalapenos, truffle fries, farm burger, and euro burger.  The jalapenos were good except the dip it came in was cold so when bf got to the 2nd jalapeno his first bite through the dip made the jalapeno cold.  I guess you gotta chill the dip but it was just a little bit of a surprise.  The truffle fries were AMAZING- perfect ratio of crisp outside to inside and the seasoning on it... I really couldn't get enough.. . I mark off a star because to me most high-end burger places tastes pretty the same without a crazy amount of sauce which would take away from the flavors of a burger.  The burger was very clean and done well but still imo pretty standard for a good burger.  If you love burgers, you should definitely come try here but yeah in my opinion it's not any better just that it was a good value.
Good service at the bar - came here for work. Nice beer selection and excellent hummus.. . However, when your name is Burgr they shouldn't taste bland and be uninteresting taste-wise. I didn't finish mine which is saying something.. . Too bad... I walked right past Cosmo d my usual Brger go-to, Holsteins, to try something new. . . Would try it again but too many options here in town. Boo....
A little wait, coffee (came for lunch, didnt have AM coffee yet) was terrible, service was nonchalant and all in all, my $23 burger was not worth it. Very disappointed. Mom's crazy hot dog was ginormous and she said it was really tasty with the jalapenos and special sauce. It was definitely a try for the Foodies that we are, but will we return? Perhaps not.
So it took a little bit to find this place, because when I went, there weren't any real good signs to find it. That's okay though, it wasn't that bad of a find. . . So let's break down why I'm giving it only three stars instead of more..... . My friend and I had two burgers between us, since it was our first time we asked for them to be cut in half so we could split both and try both! Great, they did that for us. We got the Hell's Kitchen Burger and Britannia. . . Hell's Kitchen Burger should have had jalapeno's but only one side did, mine, my friend didn't get to taste any jalapeno's at all so that was a bust. The meat of the burger was cooked perfectly, except the taste of it was very bland. I know what a good seasoned burger tastes like and this wasn't one. I was expecting a lot more from it and it fell a lot shorter than expectations. I can guarantee you if it was Gordon Ramsay that made the burger, it'd be exquisite but this was nothing but a shame on his name. . . Onto the Britannia, I expected more from this burger as well. It felt like the layers on the burger were just separate layers, nothing came together and I suspect the meat was from the same batch that made the Hell's Kitchen Burger, because it was bland as well. I asked for medium well and got well medium rare. Serious disappointment and I felt sick from just looking at theburger. . . The only saving grace was the Sweet Potato Fries that we got. Those were definitely one of the most delicious sweet potato fries. There's nothing really too special about them other than the taste..... . We got two drinks, one for each of us. I got the Innis and Gunn beer, which was definitely one of the best beers I've had. It's a golden red beer which is rich, creamy, and smooth. I enjoyed it and picked it because it was something I hadn't tried yet and was told it was one of Gordon Ramsy's favorites, gave it a go and fell in love with it! The other drink that my friend got was the Green Tea Gin I believe, which tasted just like green tea and was surprisingly good. . . The drink menu was also on an iPad! It was pretty fun to sit there and play with it a little while looking through the menu. . . The overall service was great though, but I was told if someone was named in a bad review they would get fired. Not sure how true that is, but maybe something to keep in mind? It wasn't too fast or too slow, kind of how I expected since there were quite a bit of people there. The server was very helpful and full of fun information about some of the drinks on the menu and the menu itself. . . I'll come back again to give this place another go because I'm hoping that my first experience was just a bad day or a fluke and wasn't represented of the place or Gordon Ramsy's name, but we shall see. I'll definitely keep you up to date on my next experience!
I finally tried this place after my diehard-Gordon-Ramsay-fan-girl girlfriend (yes, you read that correctly) kept pushing to eat here since our last Vegas trip.  Hmmm I would have to say that I expected more from Mr. Ramsay.  We tried the jalepeno popper shooters, parmesan fries, and sweet potato fries for appetizers.  Nothing really spectacular, but I did enjoy their sauces.  For my burger, I debated between the Farm Burger (that fried egg tempts me every time..) and the Hell's Kitchen burger.  I finally opted for the Hell's Kitchen burger and just added a fried egg to it.  It was disappointing because I was expecting something spicier and nothing about it was that memorable.  It was also not worth it to add an egg for $3 in my opinion.  Despite the average food, I do have to admit that the set up of the restaurant and presentation of the food was impressive.  All the little details from when you enter to the end of the meal were really cool.  Service was okay, but I did like how our server showed us all the drinks and desserts through his iPad.  The presentation of the check came in a little compartment with an iPhone to rate the service.  Wthell..nifty haha. Overall, this is just one of those places you would want to stop by to experience it, but would not come back for seconds.
Wasn't expecting much but was pleasantly surprised.  Great hella kit hen burgr.  Would go back, quick easy eats on the strip walk :)
After having some of the best burgers that money can buy i gotta say that this wasn't one of them. Although it is a good burger,  not a great burger. Big ups to the oreo shake though.
You have to admit, Gordon Ramsay is pretty entertaining to watch on TV. I love his passion and extreme ways and being able to see it all that on TV is just so addicting!. . When the BurGR restaurant finally opened in PH, I just so happen to be staying at PH so I decided to give the place a try.  While walking around some time in the hotel, this place always seems to be packed! The line sometimes stretches out to the casino.  We went when it was kind of dying and didn't have to wait more than 5 minutes for a table.. . I really liked the concept of their restaurant.  The cool presentation of the menu and setting. The Ipad featuring all their eclectic drinks and desserts. Overall, it was all pretty cool.  The server was really friendly and did a wonderful job of explaining the menu and suggesting some popular items.. . We tried the jalapeno popper shooters, parmesan fries, Farm Burger and Hell's Kitchen Burger. When the jalapeno popper shooters came, it was a fun little game to play while waiting for your entree. However, when the BF and I were playing russian roulette with our appetizers, when we finished all the poppers, we looked stunned at each other because we couldn't determine who had the "spicy" popper.  They all tasted the same. Not hot at all! It was kind of a let down.  The Farm Burger was good.  Nothing too spectacular.  I did however like the egg was cooked perfectly. I cut my burger in half and was able to see the yellow yolk running down.  The BF's Hell's Kitchen burger was ok. It wasn't spicy at all.  For an extreme chef, I'm surprised he would tone down his food that much.  I would expect Chef Ramsay to produce some HOT HOT HOT food to match his HOT HOT HOT personality.. . Overall, this place was ok.  I'm glad I was able to try it. Seeing the menu beforehand and finally being able to try it, I was kind of disappointed that Chef Ramsay didn't deliver on his food.
First off, the address for Gordon Ramsay's BurGR is incorrect on this page. It is not in Caesars Palace, it is in Planet Hollywood!. . Anyway, BurGR is always very packed in high clientele so it is obviously a popular place to eat. During my visit with my boyfriend, we ordered the honey pig bao bun and we both ordered the farm burger and the "just fries". . . The hone pig bao bun was okay, the bun's texture wasn't the best I have tried, it would get stuck in my teeth, which is irritating. Overall, they were okay.. We were both very excited to try the farm burger because all of the pictures we saw made it look amazing, plus when they finally had it served to us, it looked delicious. Well, as we ate it, we both thought that there was something missing... Overall the burger was okay, we both have had better... The "just fries" were only okay as well.. The texture was so weird, it was like a rubbery texture, which didn't feel right as we ate them.. . Overall, BurGR is okay. I apologize Gordon Ramsay, but it's a great concept you have going on at this restaurant, the food just isn't at the tip of the tea amazing. It was a good experience, but I don't think I will be coming back.
The burger restaurants in order of preference:. 1. Bachi burger. 2. Holsteins. 3. Burgr. . Branded items on the strip obviously come with a premium price as well.  The burgers here were about $15 and side items like fries and onion rings were about $10 but definitely big enough to share between 2.  There is a total rewards discount of $1 off each menu item.  Given the prices, the flavors were a little lack luster.  I tried the farm burger with duck breast bacon, aged sharp cheddar, and a fried egg.  While the burgers were cooked to perfection, the farm burger flavor balance leaned toward the salty side because of the duck breast bacon.  The buns seem pretty typical as well.  The other burger I tried was the chanterelle burger with chanterelle mushrooms, arugula, and fig jam.  The flavor profile on this one leaned towards the too sweet side.  Overall, there didn't seem to be a balance in the flavors in the burgers here compared to Bachi burger or even Holstein's.  There seems to be more creativity in the burgers at the other two places.  I was quite disappointed by the truffle fries, they remind me of the red robin fries with fresh grated Parmesan on top and a hint of truffle oil.  But honestly Red Robins may do it better...the fries had a strange grainy rubbery texture.  The Maui onion rings were also just regular onion rings with Parmesan on top but the cheddar ranch dipping sauce was packed with flavor and delicious.  We also tried the sticky toffee pudding pops with salted peanut ice cream.  The way the item is presented in layers, you have to eat the ice cream and the sticky toffee pudding separately when the two of them actually taste better when eaten together.  The ambience of the place reminds me of a sports bar, the service was excellent...but I probably won't make a repeat visit.  Bachi burger is still my place for gourmet burgers without the added price tag of being a restaurant on the Strip.
The restaurant is really nice didnt care for how we were seated which was side by side barely any room and when we asked for another chair so one of us could sit on the opposite side they told us we have no more chairs after looking around I noticed another waitress stacking chairs on the side and moving them towards the back no extra chairs my butt. Moving on to the food it was good not omg good but it was a experience, when in Vegas your suppose to try new things but unfortunately its not a place I will be trying again I wasn't impressed.
Interesting to say the least!  Tourist trap at best.. . Just to be clear, the "Roasted Jalapeno Poppers" did not appear to be roasted as the menu and name would suggest, they actually appeared to be fried.  6 jalapenos served in separate glasses, each half filled with a sauce were indeed tasty.  The promise of a hot surprise went unfulfilled - none of the poppers was anywhere close to being hot.  That's not to say the poppers weren't good, they just weren't "as advertised."  GR should give me a call - I've got a killer roasted popper's recipe.. . The burgers were good, tasty, but not worth the price.  The fries were typical steak fries, not bad, and again, way overpriced.. . So, $85 later, (including the tip) my bride & I had two burgers, two drinks, a side of fries and an appetizer, which is a bit more than spendy for a burger joint, even a great burger joint.. . I'd be a fan of BurGR if it wasn't for being so overpriced.  As it is, it's okay.  I'll try some other places next time out.
When Gordon Ramsay's name is attached to a restaurant, I admittedly expect a little bit better food than the usual. Perhaps I fell for the hype and believed more than I should've (probably not), but this place just wasn't great.. . Starting off with the sweet potato fries was the best choice of the meal as they were delicious. More crispy than the average and served with powdered sugar and a sweet dipping sauce, these fries might be the best I've had (and what gave this place three instead of two stars).. . When I ordered the Farm Burger, I believed the wisdom of Yelp and expected something spectacular. What I was served was a huge letdown. The fried egg was delicious but it was more poached than fried. The duck bacon seemed like it should be good, but it lacked a distinctive flavor. And the patty, while cooked to a perfect medium, lacked seasoning and sear.. . Put together, the burger was just bland: the salty bacon never had enough punch for the under-seasoned patty. . . Overall, for a meal that fits most budgets ($15 for the burger, $9 for the fries), Burgr works; however, the entire experience wasn't consistent. Great fries, bland burger, don't think I'd go again. . . P.S. The Farm Burger absolutely pales in comparison to the Niman Ranch Burger from Evan Funke when he was at Rustic Canyon (still the best in my book).
This was the first place we decided to eat during our Vegas vacation. I think the food was good but not mouth watering, mind blowing amazing. There have been several restaurants I have been to where I can't even believe how good the food tastes. You know, the kind of food where you feel like you're going to melt into your seat with every bite. BurGR wasn't like that for me and I think I was expecting that. It really didn't taste any better than some other decently good burger places I've been to. I think my expectations were huge considering who's restaurant this is and how we're big fans of his.. . My boyfriend absolutely loved his Hell's Kitchen burger. I had the American burger but changed it to swiss (actually they didn't have swiss but gave me a similar cheese instead) and added mushrooms. It was good but nothing amazing.  Also we did have the Maui onion rings; those were delicious!. . My boyfriend may not agree with my 3 star review and demand I should give 4 or even 5 stars but he has a Yelp account and can write his own review, this was my experience. I would go back, yes, but next time I hope my burger is a bit better, maybe instead of getting a classic burger I should have opted for one of the specialty ones.
Came here cause we are in Vegas and people talk about this place a lot. . I have to say the burger is good but not excellent. Nothing to die for. . The restaurant decoration is cool and the staff has nice outfits. . They are also friendly. . Other than that, I have to say the food didn't stand out. . I am a bit disappointed.
This is the second Ramsay restaurant I've been to an this one was more disappointing than the first. I'm not going to say this is a bad restaurant, it's just not what I expect from Gordon Ramsay.. . The Good - The restaurant is very nice and the staff (and their small uniforms) is beautiful. The burger was good, but not great. The Parmesan Truffle fries were very good, but the dipping sauce was mayo or ketchup, not very original.. . The Bad - Burgr is at the entrance of a Planet Hollywood, therefore it is very close to the street. The day I ate, it was 32 degrees outside and they sat me at the bar, it was very cold, so I asked to move into the restaurant where it was warm. They moved me to a table 15 feet away where it was still very cold. . . While the waitress was very good at her job, and gorgeous too, the kitchen was extremely slow. It took over 20 minutes to get my burger.. . If the food came a little quicker or if the hostess staff was a little more accommodating, I would have given Burgr 4-Stars, but no such luck.
Like most of you - fan of Gordon Ramsay - his shows of Hell's kitchen, Masterchef,  Masterchef junior,  nightmare kitchen etc. I wanted to check this place out.  My friends have tried it before me and said it was good. . . Well,  either my expectations were too high or I went on a wrong day (which should never be the case for a Gordon Ramsay restaurant), i was not blown away.   I had the chanterelle burger and my husband ordered the farm burger - they were both good but the burgers tasted a little dry.   I feel bad saying this but it was nothing to write home about.  I prefer shake shacks' burgers over this one and my husband preferred five guys over this one.  . . Don't get me wrong,  if you just want a burger with not much expectation, then this is good enough.  But I'm sure you can get cheaper burgers with similar or better taste burgers.   For the burger fanatics out there,  you might be disappointed.  . . The awesome tasting portion of the meal was the milk shake - it was like an explosion of taste in your mouth. I definitely would recommend it.. . The ambiance and the decorations in there is definitely nice to look at and great place to take a date - if you do the dating thing in sin city strip area that is. For those interested, the waitresses wore very short dresses so appropriate for sin city.
What makes me a fan of Chef Ramsay is that we both share the same standard when it comes to preparing food, and running a successful food business.. . That being said, this was my first experience at one of his restaurants. . . I have to be honest and say that my expectations of BurGR were not high since it is a burger joint and not one of his flagship restaurants. I was nonetheless still excited to try it. . . We (my wife, mom) arrived about 8PM on a Wed night. There was about 25 people in line so the wait to be seated took about 25 min. . . Once seated, we were promptly greeted by our server. ( I only use names when the service credits the individual, I don't bash ) She was very knowledgeable about showing us the touchscreen, and her steps of service would satisfy management in knowing that she knows how to suggestively sell beverages and appetizers. . . Since we have never been her before, we took some time to take in the menu. . . While I was checking out the menu, I could not help but to be distracted by this awful smell coming from the table. I was trying to dismiss it, but it wasstrong enough to make me realize that if I did not get rid of it, it would ruin my "first experience at a Ramsay restaurant" . . My wife saw me smell the table several times, and confirmed that I was not crazy. She and my mom could smell it too. . . I'm a foodie, so getting rid of this smell was a no compromise thing. . Ya feel me??. . I've been working in "the biz" for 18 years. I knew this smell. It was the sour smell of bacteria. At first I thought that it came from the towel that was used to wipe the table and that it could be fixed by just asking that the table be wiped down with a clean towel. . . No biggie right?. . I had to use the restroom so my wife asked our server if she could take care of this. Her response was "oh, ok" . . I came back from the restroom and sat down. My wife informed me that nothing was done yet. Ok I thought, not a problem. (yet...). . Our server returned with 3 waters and proceeded to suggestively sell beverages and appetizers. I ordered a Guinness and the jalapeno poppers. . . She was the type of server that speeds off the table before confirming with all the guests that everyone is finished ordering so I stopped her and asked if we could have the table wiped down again. Her response was again "oh, ok" As I hastily explained to her about the smell, I discovered where it was coming from when I picked up the VINYL PLACE MAT  that was in from of me.  . . (Here it is, the answer! The table gets washed but not dried, the place mat goes back on the table and stays wet. Bacteria forms on the bottom of the mat and that nasty sour smell is created over a period of time. Even though the busser wiped down the bottom of the mats, a hint of the smell still remained. It would have to go through the dishwasher, but I don't think it would have survived. Still, I did not let my silverware touch it). . My wife is the sweetest woman you could ever meet. Every person that meets her will confirm this. It is usually me that says things the wrong way on occasion.. . When the request to wipe the table came a second time, our server  responded with a look that I did not see, but pushed my wife off that very long ledge. . . I let her handle it because if were me I would have not been as tactful. . . Long story short, we got the table fixed (well, sort of) and my diplomatic wife decided to keep our server. It was one of those things that puts a beacon on your table that keeps you from complaining about anything else that could go wrong so you don't look like vindictive people. . . If it's one thing I can't stand is vindictive people. Especially in the food and beverage industry. . . We placed our burger order and waited for the culinary magic to begin. . . The poppers arrived. 6 roasted (or fried?) breaded, stuffed jalapenos dipped in individual shot glasses half filled with cheddar ranch. My first bite led me to believe that they were still cold in the middle until I took my second bite which was warmer. The ranch cooled off the dipped part of the popper so don't wait to eat them or they will be cold. The flavor (hot or cold) was phenomenal!!!! loved it and they were very spicy. I would return just for these. . . The BurGR's we ordered were the Farm, American, and Hell's Kitchen with a side. order of Parmesan Truffle fries.. . Beautiful looking burgers! A picture on every plate. The fries, not so much. Seems they take "just fries" and add Parmesan on the top and you get your truffles on the side. The truffle aioli  was delicious, but the fries sat a little too long under the heat lamp.. . The burgers were executed perfectly. I thought the meat was under seasoned if at all. The brioche bun was ever so soft, the toppings flavorful.  . . The Shakes are to die for. My wife said it was the HERO of the day. . . BurGR is an experience worth trying if at least once. . . Ditch the placemats though, just to be on the safe sanitary side.
The first time I walked past the restaurant earlier during the day, I remember thinking to myself, what a tourist trap! I vowed never to support such an establishment that taught kids that burger was spelled b-u-r-g-r without the E. No wonder kids have poor spelling these days. . . But after we ran the Las Vegas Half Marathon, my friends and I decided to pop into Gordon Ramsay's BurGR restaurant to stuff ourselves full of the fatty greasy foods that we deserved. . . This restaurant had some oh-so-fancay technology. The hostesses checked us in with their ipads and then sent us a text when the table was ready.  This was great because it allowed us to go back to the room, freshen up after the marathon, and then come back down when our table was ready to avoid waiting in the horrendous line.  Of course the hostess seemed to have a bit of attitude when she checked us in and looked us up in down in our running gear and dirty tennis shoes. We were GOING to change! Sheesh.. . Now, let's talk food.. . The BurGR's were... very interesting. Not bad but also not melt in your mouth delicious.  Had the famous hog burger. The flavors were interesting and unique, but a bit too sweet for my liking. The Farm Burger was pretty delicious but again, not fantastic. Truffle fries were a win and definitely recommend but it is def a kickin dish that will keep you burping up truffle oil and garlic for the rest of the night.   I prefer the type of burger that has a flavorful patty filled with flavors that naturally mesh together into one delicious burger. BurGR was chic and pristine in presentation, but lacked in flavor and oompth. . . It's Gordon Ramsay. Of course I will have high expectations.  Did the food meet expectations? Errr maybe but if it did, just barely.  . . Side note: If a restaurant is going to flaunt use of technology like ipads and iphones, I expect it to be working properly. Our bill had an iphone embedded in it! I kept pressing the button only to be informed by our server that the phone was out of battery since it's been busy all day, and also the phone simply displayed ads and had no actual function to serve toward making paying the bill easier. Lame.
Husband and I visited on our honeymoon thanks to glowing reviews from our good friends - I loved my burger, my husband wasn't impressed with the Hell's Kitchen. We started with the fried jalapenos (which were 'okay,' not what we were expecting in flavor or quality for the price) I ordered the Euro Burger because I wanted to try something new and being a fan of goat cheese I loved it but it was nothing jaw-dropping. We ordered a side of Parmesan fries and both agreed the flavor was terrible. Great service, ambiance, and the fact I enjoyed my burger give this place it's 3 stars. Would not recommend to a friend and will not be returning.
This was our second visit to Gordon Ramsey Burger Restaurant at Planet Hollywood.  The first time everything was perfect including the order coming out as ordered.  This time was a total disappointment.  I am on a low sodium diet and always order everything unsalted or no additional salt added to my meals.  I ordered onion rings which came out soggy not crispy and a lot of salt in the batter.  I ordered unsalted fries and the first two were good the rest were salted and the waitress could even see the salt crystals on the fries.  My burger was done perfectly and juicy.  However, the condiments were placed on the hot burger and when it arrived the lettuce was drooping off the side.  The tomatoes were warm and mushy.  Such a big plate and the condiments were on the burger instead of a garnish.  My daughter does not like pickles and they also were on the burger and totally warm due to the hot burger.  Burgers there are not cheap and the total meal was a disappointment.
I liked BurGR, but I didn't love it. I had the chanterelle burger, and it was good, but nothing super special. One of us had the farm and the other had the blue burger. We all sampled each others and I still liked mine for it's savory-sweet flavors.. . I think I enjoyed the fires more than the burgers though. The truffle parmesan fries with garlic aioli was my fave. I also liked the jalapeno mayo that came with the sweet potato fries. . . The sticky toffee pudding (in my profile picture) was also great. And it's good to share for 2! . . Service was meh. They were slow to seat us even after they called us to say the table was ready. It's also pretty loud inside, but if that's your thing you may be fine with that.. . Overall the food was fine, but I feel like I enjoyed our sides and dessert more than our burgers. And for a place that's called Burgr that's a little sad. I won't come back, but it may be worth it to try at least once. . . Everything ordered above plus one root beer came out to about $80 with tax and tip. That's with our Total Rewards membership card! Make sure you get one to save a dollar on each menu item (it's literally around the corner to the right when you walk towards the casino area). It's free to join so why not?
It was a great burger, but the price tag doesn't support what you get (2 burgers, 1order of onion rings and a drink = 75 bucks)... not this guy!
I commend Gordan Ramsay for his work, but in all honesty this place was alright. The fire/sign decoration, creative menu design, and the I-Pad drink menu was all impressive but the food itself was not as savory as I would expect. . . We ordered the jalapeno poppers, truffle parmesan fries, and the Farm burger. The Jalapeno poppers were yummy and came with this spicy ranch sauce. FYI, they include a "surprise" jalapeno popper which is basically a super spicy one that creeps up on you. Haha. The fries were hearty, but it definitely wasn't the best fries I've had. The duck burger itself had all the right ingredients but for some reason it just wasn't as savory as I was hoping for. If anything, I think it was the burger meat - all the add ons and condiments saved this burger. . . The sticky toffee pudding push pops were a good ending to the meal, yet had an icy/frost-bitten consistency to it. I could understand someone that's not into sticky toffee pudding being turned off by these. . . There is a wait, but they do give you the option of giving your phone number and they'll text you when your table is ready.. . All in all, it was a good experience but definitely not my favorite burger joint.
More like a 3.5 stars.. . I liked it!. . I got the Chanterelle Burger ($16) and my date got the Hell's Kitchen Burger($14). I didn't like that it didn't come with fries.....all burgers should come with fries or some sort of side! :3. We got the truffle fries ($10).. . My burger was good for the first several bites but then it started getting kind of dry. The flavor and patty was good. Same for the Hell's kitchen burger except with a kick from the jalapenos! . . The truffle fries were pretty good! I'm not sure if it was $10-worth good but they give you quite a bit for 1 order so it is perfect when shared between two consumers. . . Our burgers took it's time arriving to us. The table two feet to our left came in 10 minutes after us and got their food 15 minutes before us. =(. . Overall it was pretty good. It was a good place to try at least once.
Too much Hipe for the taste.  The Hipe of the burgers, It's Ok $17 for a burger, you get the same burger at one of the area's 100's of sports bars for $8 and not fight the crowds and the parking lots.   WE like Gordon Ramsay, just his burger is ok, nothing to write home to mom about!
We barely had to wait which was awesome. Must have came at just the right time. Usually there is a fairly decent sized line to get in. We were seated and given menus with Gordon Ramsay's face on it. It was a little funny but it was cool. We decided to split onion rings with cheese and truffle fries. The onion rings were so good. You didn't get that one bite and the whole onion comes with it, it was the right texture that an onion ring should be. The sauces that came with it were great, BBQ sauce, cheese sauce. Both were pretty darn good. With the truffle fries they were tasty but a little greasy and soggy after a while. However the sauces were an aioli and ketchup which accompanied the fries well. . . Now on to the main course. My girl got the duck bacon burger which comes with a fried egg on top. That burger was bomb, a very tasty burger indeed. However my burger feel a little short. I got the hog burger. It's a pork burger and I have to say they should rename it to the "Pho Burger." It tasted like a bowl of pho. I was really disappointed by that because I could have saved half the money by getting pho at a Vietnamese restaurant. My other friend got the same burger and said it did taste like pho. I mean it had good flavor and was tender but tasted like pho. . . The sticky toffee pudding push pops were forgettable. I've had the real thing at his restaurant in LA and it was WAY better. Everything else was worthy of a 4 star review but overall it's 3 for me this time around. Good thing my girl filled up on fries and onion rings and gave me like half her burger to save this review. The fries, onion rings and duck bacon burger were on point. Sticky toffee pudding push pops and pork burger you can go without. If you are spending that much money, it's not really worth it for those particular items on the menu. Staff was friendly tho.
Service was great.  Really accommodating to families with kids.. We ordered:. . Maui Onion Rings (nothing special.  Yard House onion rings taste better than these ones). . French Fries (really bad steak fries). . Farm Burger (too dry, missing something). . Hells Kitchen Burger (best thing we had all night.  nice heat). . Probably won't be back because there are just too many better options in LV
We stayed in two rooms in Planet Hollywood and got a $100 ($50 each) credit towards food in the restaurant. Gordon Ramsay BurGR was one of the qualifying restaurant. For 6 people, it came out to $150+ for 6 premium burgers, one order of fries, two appetizers, and all water.. . We don't each much gourmet burgers so can't compare with other places, but it was alright - nothing to write home about. I got the farm burger which was okay - not much flavor to it. My brother enjoyed his euro burger. Couldn't find much to praise about the different burgers we ordered. Most were medium cook to well done and it didn't include fries.. . The chicken wings were good. The truffle fries were okay.. . Service was good to great. I'm surprised the server remember which person got which burger without having to ask.
Oreo Milkshake = Outstanding, best milkshake money can buy. Jalapeno Poppers = Amazing, gorgeous presentation. Truffle Fries = ok, nothing special. Farm Burger (medium cooked) = *sigh* pretty dry, disappointed. Hells Kitchen Burger (medium cooked) = meh same as above. . Overall = C+
It was a 30-minute wait (give them your cell # and they'll text you when the table is ready).  There were three of us.  We ordered the American (me), Euro (person #2), and the Farm (person #3).   Also ordered a side of parm fries and onion rings.  The verdict?  Good, but not "WOW that's a juicy mother of a burger!"  The curry ketchup was the highlight for me, but that can't be good when ketchup steals the show.  The onion rings were better than the fries.  As for the burgers... the Farm was the best.
Verdict: Overall, not bad. . . Service is great, but food is so-so. Also, we had to wait 2 1/2 hours when they said it would only take an hour and 15 minutes. . . Would I come back? . . Probably not. The food is what's going to keep me coming back as a regular, not the service. I had the Farm burger and while it was good, it wasn't anything special. The bread was slightly dense, the meat was a little under-seasoned and the flavor that I was expecting from the fried egg and duck bacon, just wasn't anywhere to be found. . . And not to mention, after eating this burger, I was still hungry. . . And if you're still hungry after reading this review; do yourself a favor and grab a burger some place else. . . I'd bet 10 to 1 you'd love Bachi Burger over this spot any day.
