New building is kind of obnoxious. Excellent food & drink; a great place to meet friends; not a great place to do any type of creative work, ironicaly.
Lux is an awesome place to hang out - good wi-fi, lots of space to spread out (when not crowded), awesome food, awesome service and awesome staff!. . I take off two stars for the following reasons:. . 1.  Lack of a visible menu w/ prices.  I know that food/wine menus are visible just next to the typewriters at the bar area.  Unless I'm misunderstanding something or totally blind I see no drink menu/prices listed (like Lux did at their previous location).  Unless it's just me, I find it confusing on what to order w/o a menu present as well as their prices.  . . 2.  On 2 separate visits I was charged different prices on the exact same product!! (for all I know that cashier could be pocketing the difference!!)
I visitied Lux for the first time last night (8/23). My friend came into town and wanted to check it out as she had heard it has some pretty delicious drinks. I've known it to be a coffee bar, but word on the street was that it's a bar by night... maybe I live a sheltered life, I'm not sure.. . We walked in through the giant glass doors and my first impression was "hipster central." I don't consider that a bad thing, after all who doesn't like nicely dress hipster dudes? As we made our way through it was hard to decide what we were supposed to do. There isn't much seating and it was a little confusing where we were supposed to go to get a drink. But sure enough we were able to figure it out with the help of the bartender that we knew. I am not sure what we would have done without a little help. . . Beside the confusing seating arrangement, the specialty drinks are a little high-priced, but delicious none-the-less. The setting is a little more intimate, so I'd recommend Lux for a quite date night. As for a menu, they have some drinks written on the glass-board, but I usually just ask the bartender to surprise me.
Americano is an espresso with hot water.  Not a brewed cup 'o joe.  But that's what the guy gave me.  After we left for Fez (consistently great and fun since, um many years?) I called Lux and left a message.  She called the next day saying they're getting the kinks out and offered another if my wife and I give them another chance.  So an extra star for that.. . Very nice place with oppressive levels of hipsters.  Which is either fun or off-putting depending on how you're wired.  Though it is nice to not have a single Ed Hardy in the entire place.. . As other reviewers have noted, the menus & drink lists written on clear glass are difficult to read.  And you have to find where they are.  Food looked yummy though.  Place is so hip it hurts.
This is the type of place I imagine litters Seattle and Portland. Very artsy, trendy, for hipsters. There were old type writers, design show furniture and a DJ in the corner armed with a Mac full of electronica. I didn't feel cool enough to be in there. . They're building on a porch which will be nice in the cooler months. Hopefully they don't pipe the music out.. . However, the ice coffee was very good - very strong and fresh tasting. I also got a small bag of chocolate chip cookies which were awesome and soft. . I wouldn't go out of my way for this place but it was fun to try.
The coffee is amazing.  No one can challenge that.  I had kept telling the man about their coffee and how it reminded me of my favorite coffee place from when I lived in Seattle (Vivace.  Mmmmmm)  I had been to the old Lux and was curious to see the new one.  I was utterly confused.  There are three different counters.  The "bar" is in the back and distinguished by all the liquor bottles.  Easy enough.  But I had heard that they had sandwiches and what not now.  I saw an area that looked like where they made food, but was unsure as if I was supposed to order from them or from the barista.  When I asked if they had a menu, she said, "We are your menu."  Um....ok.  Is that the hipster thing to do now?  I'm a girl who likes options.  I didn't know what my particular craving was that day and I like to know what my choices are.  I also like to know prices.  I ordered my old stand by of a medium vanilla soy latte and the man got a double espresso and it came out to almost $8. That was fine, just a little shocking and had there been prices listed anywhere, I would have known what to expect.  And instead of trying this food they allegedly have now, we got a pizza from Pane Bianco next door.  Which was incredible.
Think i would have liked this place better if i didn't go during it's busy hours....8 in the morning! . . Parking is a dive, had to park infront of the pawn shop--wishing the owner wouldnt come out and smash up my car!!  . . But overall, the coffee(iced) was amazingly good and stronge!  Which i love, makes for an interesting work day that's for sure..... . Will go back, but during slower hours.
When planning my visit to Lux, I wanted to place an order.  Instead, I found myself thinking about the song, "Confusion" by New Order.. . Their "old" location was too cramped, so moving next door was part of their natural progression.  The new space has plenty more square footage, but the layout of the rooms is a bit of a maze.  It's unclear precisely where to stand to place/wait for your order and there were cardboard boxes and other items all over the floor.  The decor has it's own unique charm with it's mismatched plates and furniture but the furniture pieces are placed so close to one another you practically need to jump over them.  That was a bit much.  What's Lux it trying to be?  Contemporary?  Retro?  It's hard to say.  Even the "front door" we walked in turned out to be a "back" door.  Why would they throw so much capital into the space without some semblance of clarity?. . The food we ordered was OK.  I had a slice of quiche (pictured) which I believe had sun dried tomatoes, among other ingredients.  The counter person was friendly and offered to heat it for me.  My friend ordered two scrambled eggs, hash browns and two slices of bacon (pictured.)  We sat a a table in another room not knowing if a server would ever find us.  A server later brought the food over and left rather quickly; too soon for my friend to show the server the bacon which was just delivered was burned.  My friend gave me a look as if to say, "How could the server NOT realize this is burned to a crisp?!?!"  So...my friend had to get up, return the bacon, wait for two more (precooked) slices to sit underneath the broiler a while and by the time she returned, both our breakfasts were cold.  I will say my friend was happy with her coffee and my iced latte was da bomb!. . Lux may still be working out the kinks in their new locale.  Once they organize the boxes, furniture and service concerns, they'll be prepped for enlarging their clientele of repeat customers.  If I turn out to be one of them, the path to their small outdoor patio looks inviting and not at all confusing to find.  You may find me there sipping an iced latte and listening to New Order.
So I have a bit of a crush on this place.  Lux happens to be about 20 miles away from home passed about just as many coffee shops but I find myself making the trek here several times a week.  . . I find Lux to be a bit of a love hate kind of place.  Parking can be  a battle because even though there are a lot of spots and on street parking, it can still be a battle finding a place to tie up your horse.  With free wifi and plenty of seating, Lux is a place you WANT to plop down for a while and do whatever it is you have to do but here it's "coolness" works against it as even with plenty of seating, It can be a bit like the 101 freeway at rush hour trying to find a place to sit.  . . I wish I could say the coffee was what brought me in but to be honest, it's average at best.  The SERVICE is pretty good and the staff friendly and attentive.  The food items i've had both baked and prepared freshly have all been adequate (the Mac n Cheese with bacon and Jalapeno was tasty, served in a large portion for the money and well executed but fire roasting the japapenos prior to adding them in would have elevated this dish to excellence!). . So what keeps me coming?  Well, I can't think of anyplace i'd rather to go hang-out, MacBook in hand, to get some work done and people watch.  The atmosphere here is GREAT!  A mixture or modern and retro furniture, exposed beam ceilings, varied work spaces, and locally produced art are on par with and in my opinion rival similar concepts in NYC, Seattle or San Francisco.. . Did I mention the full bar?  Fancy an adult beverage to take the edge off of that paper you need to write or the power point you're putting together for the "big proposal" at work?  You're in the right place.  The bartenders here will gladly mix you up anything from a classic coctail to a trendy CenPho treat to whet your whistle.  I'd give Lux 4 stars if it were a bar that served food and happened to have coffee.. . If your looking for great coffee i'd recommend Press Coffee Roasters, Cartel Coffee Lab or Echo Coffee. Lux is definitely my choice if you're looking for a place to socialize, sit and get a little work done, plow through homework or just hang out and people watch.  If the coffee were better i'd rate it 4 stars but as it stands, they only get the third from me because the whole package is so appealing.
Let me preface this review by saying that I am not a coffee person. I would like to be a coffee person, but whenever I drink coffee I experience unfortunate side effects like running as fast as I can and spinning around in wheelie chairs. So when I go to a coffee house, I get the chai, review off that, and ask any accomplices I may have brought what they thought of the coffee. This time I brought my mom, and she said the coffee was "very smooth." Whatever that means.. . The chai, on the other hand, was "very bland" by my own standards. It was not spicy or sweet, and possibly a little bitter (what? How can chai be bitter? I don't know...). The other teas are good, though, and they have an nice variety to choose from. . . I will probably keep going and sipping tea, because the new building is just so darn cool and I would love to spend an afternoon there. The atmosphere is nice and it is a great place to meet a friend. I think I could easily relax in Lux for a couple of hours and enjoy a lovely life talk with anyone who passes by!
i like lux- there's something about getting my foam in the shape of a leaf that makes me giggly and feel fancy. i also think it's cool that they have a bar but other than that, i can take it or leave it. there's not enough seating and why am i going to sit ouside all year if i can't smoke? i know that's my issue but there are plenty of other coffee shops in phoenix and tempe that have impressed me with their actual drinks and atmosphere
Food - 5-star. Vibe - 6-star. Drinks - 5 star. Concept - 10 star. Typewriters as decor - 10 stars. . The wait in line and fighting to find a seat to eat blows and Lux, you can do better.  Fellow Yelppers there is a line for a reason....it's mostly because the food is awesome but it's also because the set up is probably the most inefficient set up you could have.  This is a popular joint and if you have all the time in the world by all means....give Lux a shot.  However, if you only have 1.5 hours to kill for breakfast head here.. . Lux, do your fans a favor and give us table service.  Don't make us wait in a 20 min line for a coffee refill.  I did not mind the wait on day 1 because you were new to me and your space is interesting. However, after 5 solid days of coming back for your crack I began to resent how much time I was wasting on my vacation.  I also had plenty of time to think of ways you could do crowd management differently.  . . I loved your DJ.
What I like best about Lux is the excellent coffee and great music/DJ.  I used to enjoy the interesting and happy, laid back crowd of people that tended to flock to Lux to sip a coffee while working on their laptops or chatting for a while over a dessert. . .  For some reason- is it the larger meals?  the alcohol?  the bigger more comfortable seats?  the typewriters?  the extra bathroom?- the new Lux draws a totally different demographic... mostly over 40 and under 5.  Think yoga pants or church dresses... with a bunch of poorly behaved kids yelling "Mom, Mom, Mom, Mom.... DAD!", running, and twirling around in a crowded space with adults carrying full-to-the brim coffee cups.  Or worse, the screaming infants of hipster (or used to be) parents who can't let go... they honestly think they can remain cool by sitting on the couch sipping Velvets while the entire place is subjected to their bawling infants whom they expect everyone to find adorable.  Really??!. . It IS mildly entertaining to watch the interaction between the burgeoning "family"/senior citizen/Christian Sunday morning crowd ("Liam, sit down, honey.  Liam, Liam, Liam... stop that, Liam.  Stop licking the nice lady's scone.... it's not yours. LIAM!") with the fit, handsome gay men, the brilliantly overweight and pierced/tattooed lesbians, pseudo business people, and liberal graduate students.  . . Younger/trendy crowd seems to get drinks to go now.  Those who stay are ogled by mid lifers who want to know all about your computer or your cell phone and have no qualms about interrupting your work for a free tech lesson.  You also run the risk of toddlers sipping from your straw if your drink is left on the table.  . . Or maybe you will enjoy being pushed out of the way by a 40 year old woman in yoga pants who simply MUST get her iced mocha right this second?  If not, you may want to get that coffee to go... quickly!  . . The Sunday DJ is amazing.  His music could be my "church".  So, it was sad that today I could only hear toddlers, soccer moms, etc. yelling over the music about nothing of importance or interest.  :-(. . Lastly, the internet connection comes and goes, mostly goes.  I have to tether with my cell phone because the wifi drops every hour or so.
A very hip place. . . Always crowded. I enjoy the scene. I am not so sure about the new location. It is nice but the cozy vibe has dissipated. They do serve alcohol now but have a very limited (and strange) selection of beers. Cans of Pabst Blue Ribbon. No imports. Strange selection. . . I would have given the old location a 4/5 star but it just does not feel the same.
It's a quirky coffee house that serves good food and coffee. The service was good, but the ambience is geared towards starving students or supposed "free-thinking" types. I'm a published fiction writer and would not consider working on my craft in this coffee house, too much of a distraction. I have no problem coming back here for their coffee as I'm passing through, I just wouldn't enjoy my drink there.
A group of us went here after lunch (Sunday, 6/3) - we only ordered coffee drinks.  The drinks were good and the baked goods looked amazing. We also liked the atmosphere.  Too bad we all left with the same comment - The young girl taking our order was down right rude.  She was unfriendly in an almost condescending way.  I might go here again to sample some of the food but if I have a similar experience - i won't go back.  There are plenty of other places uptown where the service is friendly and appreciative.
I usually feel a little uncomfortable walking in to Lux. Maybe its the way everyone momentarily glances up at you from their screens or their conversations when you walk in, seemingly sizing you up. Maybe its how free-form the space is, so that you're not sure where to stand when deciding on your order and you feel like you are in other peoples' way. Or maybe its the fact that almost all of the cozy, quiet spots are already taken when I go there, which results in wandering around awkwardly, coffee in hand, in search of a decent spot. I just can't focus on enjoying a cup of coffee when I feel so self-conscious.. One fantastic thing that I will say is that their cappucino art is amazing, although you may not get it based on who your barista is. One time they did some art on my hot cocoa, making it the best hot cocoa that I've ever had. And their pastries are pretty good too, although they can be hit or miss and sometimes I think I could make better cookies at home. . I love the constantly changing artwork adorning the walls. I REALLY want to like Lux more than I do. Maybe I need to go at a less busy time (I have only gone in the afternoon or at night, never in the morning). I will give it another chance.
I had a good time here but that had as much to do with the company I was with for Smunch.  The coffee was good.  I had biscuits and gravy which was pretty good.  I think the best way to describe the place is organized chaos.  The place was packed on a Saturday morning which led to a lot of people milling around waiting to order or waiting for their order to come up.  For me it was a case of the place just isn't me.
After over 425 reviews I don't think mine is going to make much of a dent.... . But here goes anyway.. . After several visits, and I mean several, for coffee, spirits, breakfast, lunch, and dinner I finally have a good analogy. Lux is like a really well made video game. They've thought of everything, focused on all the details. From the light fixtures to the typewriters, everything seems to have some thought put into it. . . And just like a really good video game, it's nearly impossible to figure out if you've never experienced it before.. . Make no mistake, Lux has a code, and it requires decoding. But once you crack the code, Lux shines.. . I cringe every time I see a newbie walk in from the streets. Where do I go for coffee? What about food? This bar looks nice, but wait it's a bar? What's in this room? What about this room over here? Am I standing in storage space now or waiting for the bathroom? . . The first time I came in I felt the eyes of the staff following me as I bounced from room to room, counter to counter trying to find the way.. . But now? Now I'm an expert and I know the best thing to do is find a seat first, drop your belongings, THEN get in line. I now know the best place to wait for your drink or lunch is not at your seat but at the counter. I now know the menu is taped to the glass wall typed in 12pt font. I am now intimately familiar with what times I can get food from the kitchen versus only baked goods. I now know I will probably move seats at least 3 times as I "upgrade" to the better seats next to outlets and with more comfortable chairs. I now know the staff really are great people but are possibly under more duress than they'll admit? Keep smiling guys!. . Now that I know the code, I can enjoy Lux. And enjoy it, I do! But it sure took some practice.. . PS Why no toddy?I'd bet that in-house roast would taste AMAZING as a cold brew.
What I like about Lux is the open inviting space for people to co-work while enjoying a brew of the alcoholic or the coffee variety, order some tantalizing grub.  Great place to get some work done, and bump into some friendly like minded individuals.  . . The reason I didn't give this place 5 stars is because the coffee that I got on my second round was not the best and there is no cover on the patio.  . . Today it rained all day and as rare as that is, I feel a covered patio is even more coveted in the hot summer months.  I believe a coffee shop should have a covered patio.  As a coffee bar, I wish the coffee was better, not saying it is bad, just not the best.  . . Overall, liked Lux and will definitely work here again as I just relocated to the Downtown Phoenix area.
Why I (initially) gave Lux 2 stars:. . -Definitely not the most intuitively arranged coffee shop I've ever been to. The space offered for your 5 minute wait for your cup of coffee is cramped.. -I've only been there four times, but three of those four were unpleasant experiences. They either messed up my drink, forgot to give me my food, or served me improperly prepared (very bitter) coffee. The last time I visited (my 4th time, in total) I ordered a decaf americano, and I was pleasantly surprised. After last time, I'm going to give them another chance.. -Parking. Is. A. Nightmare.. . On the plus side, they have really good dinner foods (mac n cheese) and an (overpriced) wine bar, if you're into that scene/old enough to enjoy that.. . Why I updated my review to include a third star:. . I visited an old friend for coffee, and she insisted we go to Lux, because she really likes it there. So, we went, and I got a simple cup of their light roast coffee (only $2. Not horribly expensive.) and was, once again, pleasantly surprised. It was smooth enough to drink without cream, milk or sugar. . It was a Friday at lunch time, and it wasn't so busy. There was room to sit down, room to talk, room to wait for my cup of coffee without worrying about stepping on others' toes.. It was my first actual /nice/ experience at Lux, and I'm happy about it.
I've been here on two occasions. The first time was to meet an editor and I had a black tea which was very good. The second visit was because I was in the area and needed to kill an hour before a meeting. On this visit I had Espresso and it was not at all impressive. I give LUX  two stars only because the seating and decor on either visit wasn't very comfortable or, as strange asit may sound, welcoming to me.
Environment looked promising with an almost-filled crowd.  The coffee tasted all right (ordered a latte and an americano), but weak compared to other coffee shops I've been to.  The latte was well-made, for sure.. . Received a little bit of a snobby attitude from the staff who were walking around.  The staff at the counter/register were friendly though.
Good coffee and good atmosphere.  Ironically pretentious clientele.
Great vibe but $12+ for an egg mcmuffin style sandwhich w/ avacado & oj is pretty steep. AND no potatoes or fruit. They could thrrow at least some melon on the plate for that price.
Absolutely love the atmosphere. They obviously have put a lot of effort into the interior design of this place. The style is modern and casual. You will immediately feel comfortable here. The front room is usually crowed, but there are two more rooms in the back. All kinds of people hang out here. Young or old, rich or poor, professionals or house wives/husbands, dark or light skinned.. . The coffee is reasonably good since they roast it on site. I also like their fresh squeezed juice. I haven't tried the breakfast yet. It seems pricy. The lunch menu changes daily. They post it on facebook. They offer organic dishes. The portion is very small and expect to pay twice as much.
I came here to have a meeting and I couldn't believe how difficult it was too find.  It sure would be nice to have a sign that faces the street, but that's probably too "commercial" for this place.  The tiny parking lot was full so I had to park a couple blocks down the street and walk; not a huge deal.  The inside was soooo loud and the music was blaring; I couldn't believe this was a coffee shop.  . . To be fair I did not taste any food or their coffee, so I'm sure there is room for improvement and I thought the outside space was quaint.  I will come here again with my friend who swears by this place and give the food and drink a try.  This places seems like more of a cool place to be seen then a coffee shop; I couldn't imagine trying to get any work done.
Been coming to Lux since before they got the larger building. Coffee drinks have always been good and I have also been enjoying some of the cocktail drinks as well. Not a huge fan of what food I have had there yet. So far I have only tried the breakfast and pastry items. Can't say if the lunch and/or dinner items are any better. Definitely only come here if you have some time and are not rushing to get your pre-morning work coffee drink. I used to come here before work but now it takes too long. Its nice though to come here an enjoy a drink with friends.
This is my first ever Yelp Review. I came to the Lux to drink some coffee and get some work done. the coffee was great, treats were delicious, and there was plenty of sitting space for working on a computer. There were many people getting work done and everything was going well until they suddenly decided to put on some loud rock music and you could see the people one by one closing their computers and leaving.  I'm still here and the music is driving me crazy. the ambiance was perfect until they switched the music and turned it way up.
Coffee options are among the best in the area but good luck finding a table. Not the best place to go for a read and/or write: always crowded and long lines. Friendly staff and decent parking options.
HARD TO FIND!! It's like hidden behind a non-descriptive building. And once you get inside, it's like a maze, you really have to snake your way through these sectioned off rooms to get to the counter and order. The decor, layout, the people there...really hipster for Arizona. I had the chicken tortilla soup (wasn't impressed) and some squash and risotto (that had no risotto in it because it apparently was reduced down to nothing) so it was basically just squash. Trust me, I asked. . . When you line up to order, someone takes your drink order first and starts making your drink.....and then you order your food separately. That sounds great...because it seems like it's more efficient, but then when we paid, we realized that the person that took our drink order didn't communicate that with the person that rung us up, we ended up not paying for the drinks, so we didn't get any drinks, and we only got our food. Hmmm...maybe efficiency doesn't always equal accuracy. . . I think if I was younger and more hipster, I would like this place. But I wasn't super into the vibe here and I was really not into all the sectioned off rooms that made the whole place just super confusing to navigate.
Ok.  Let me start by saying that even though I'm a pretty confident guy, I don't consider myself to be "cool" or "hip" in any way.  I wear far too much plaid for that to be the case.  I was looking for a place in the area for a nice chai latte before heading to rehearsals, and this place had the highest / most reviews, figured I had to give it a shot.  I actually went in three different businesses looking for this one, so right off the bat I feel like an idiot.  I ordered my chai, even though I wasn't sure they had it - because there really is no menu displaying what your options are (I'm certain this is in an effort to be cool).  The beverage was ok, nothing special, but ended up costing me almost six bucks.  I will give them this - the ambiance is pretty amazing.  There are many places to sit and chill, lots of nooks and funky chairs, including a pretty cool back patio.  Outside of that, I just felt out of place and uncomfortable - despite the great soundtrack and pretty people.  So - I'm sure if I were cooler, or younger, I'd dig this joint, but it's just not my cup o' tea.
My study group and I were looking for a late night place to study and found Lux. Surprisingly, one of the very few place open after 10 pm.! If anyone knows of places please share... Anyways, the place is great, very different, and fun. Was definintely hard to find, if you have never been here before you may have a hard time trying to find the place! I've only had their drinks which are pretty good, as far as studying goes... good luck. This place is way too loud to be studying with a group. Unfortunately, its the only place we know of that is open late.
Aaaaahhhhhhhh! I walked into this place happy, and instantly turned into hipster emo girl. what is going on? The music is really sad and there are a lot of flies around. Get me outta here. The coffee and treats are always good though.
I have a love/hate relationship with Lux.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the coffee, but I absolutely HATE the atmosphere.  If you are a hipster sporting apple products and don't want to look anyone in the eye while walking around with a superiority complex, then this place is for you.  The service was not that great.  The baristas seem to think that they are doing me a favor by even looking at me, let alone serving me coffee.  That being said, I will still continue to come here.  The coffee is THAT GOOD!
