Service is great but the food is just "meh."  I wouldn't go back here-- I went with friends for the view and the atmosphere.  It's definitely overpriced for what you get, and with hundreds of choices for delicious eateries in Vegas there's no reason that I'd ever eat here again.  Note: I was here for brunch, not dinner.
My husband and I made 5:30 reservations (can we say geriatric) for dinner in the Eiffel Tower so that we would have time to eat and watch the sunset before our 8pm show.  It's a lovely restaurant with a beautiful view of the Bellagio and it's dancing fountains.  We each ordered a steak and sides and a drink and relaxed.  . . We were chatting so much that we were shocked to realize that it was already 6:30 and we hadn't seen or heard from our waiter in an hour.  Granted, we were busy conversing, but it seemed odd.  We asked another waiter to track down ours and 15 minutes later our waiter approached explaining that he had somehow forgotten to put our order in.  We were disappointed but understood...we asked if we should bother to have them put in the order...could we make it to the show in time?  We were assured that we could so we sat back and relaxed again...until 30 minutes later when our waiter told us that there was a problem in the kitchen and they had JUST started on our order.  We panicked.  A manager came and assured us that the meal was on the house and that we could still have time to eat.  Meanwhile I asked for a refill (which NEVER came) and when our food came we scarfed it down (so sad because it was good) and ran off as fast as we could to our show.. . I don't know what happened with us...it certainly cannot be the norm for this restaurant or else they wouldn't still be in business, so I hate to judge them too harshly.  They did take care of us and the waiter admitted his mistake.  It was just a little frustrating...a romantic, relaxed night out turned little stressful.. . When I am in Vegas next I would like to try them again.
Went with the girlfriends to take at look at the view. It was fine but nothing to write home about. Snapped a picture and surveyed the place. At the lowest priced drink being $16 it's not at all inexpensive but the cocktail was at least strong and tasted good. The collared shirt review is hilarious since one of my tomboyish girlfriends was left to dress herself and came up to meet us in a t-shirt and sweatpants with no problems!
I'll admit, I wasdubious about eating dinner at a replica of the Eiffel Tower and dining with a view of the Bellagio fountains instead of the Seine. But reviews for the Eiffel Tower restaurant were positive so I decided to give it a chance. I had an early reservation in order to see a Cirque show so was seated right at the window facing the strip. Great view, although in order to maximize the number of tables by the window there isn't much space between tables. Expect to be listening to the conversation at the next table, and vice versa.. . Service was attentive and food was faithful to true French cooking. Monkfish was excellently cooked, although the portion was small. The chef did serve an amuse bouche of a pistachio soup. Souffle for dessert was good, but not great. Petit fours are served with the check. A loud group at the bar marred the romantic feel of the dinner somewhat. Overall a cool experience but don't expect to feel like you're in France.
I went for lunch, Foods are not that very good, but view saves it~;)
This is a nice restaurant if want to make an impression. Food is adequate, don't think really what you pay. I guess paying for the view and location. There are better options in the strip and downtown. Maybe less pretentious but a better experince overall. Be ready to spend big bucks. For example, went with wife and spent 250 tip included for salad,entree and souffle. No drinks except water. Tables are way too close. I could hear next table's conversation even if I tried not to. Unaceptable for a place this expensive.
Sis & I wanted to have a nice holiday-time weekend in Vegas - to see all the decorations & more importantly to see BARRY MANILOW. . This was his show's closing weekend so dinner at Eiffel Tower was the perfect place to have a nosh.. . Believe people when they say to dress up!  I'm SO GLAD I didn't wear my jeans - which we do ALL the time in SF.  But not to fret, I still felt their disapproval at my fleece pullover so snooty-rep intact!. . Sis was also put in her place when she asked for a glass of Pinot & didn't specify Noir.  Gee, I'm sorry but here in Wine Country, Pinot *always* implies Noir. . But fake, facetious "french" snootiness aside, we enjoyed our meal. . Starters included the Blue Cheese Souffle & let me just say this place knows how to make one mean souffle!  Light as air & just a hint of blue cheese flavor (could have been a bit more pungent but was still a fan). . Entrees were the one & only veggie dish they offered - the veggie crepe.  Sis loved it but I was completely turned off by the abundance of lemon. . What did absolutely rock my world however was this Mushroom Spaetzle we got as a sidedish.  I could have had about 2 of these as a main course & been totally satiated.  Earthy, mushroomy, & tender pasta-like spaetzle.....absolutely delish!. . Desserts included the Banana Souffle for Sis & Pumpkin Souffle for me.  We each thought ours was the best of the 2 & again, we're greeted w/ the lightest, airiest, souffle w/ just a hint of banana or pumpkin. . Was hoping they'd be paired w/ something other than Creme Anglaise - like maybe a caramel pairing for the banana & a chocolate for the pumpkin but the anglaise was still tasty & didn't take away too much from our devouring. . People all around us were celebrating 1 thing or another - a couple on one side of us was celebrating a birthday & then this other couple was celebrating their very first Mommy-Son date night; and this other couple sitting right beside us got engaged right there while we were having dinner.  So much love & excitement!   . . And this is all while overlooking the Bellagio Fountains.....would totally come back for the ambiance & maybe dessert!. . Overall, food - 3 Stars; staff - 2 Stars; atmosphere - 5 Stars.....averaging = 3 Stars
We were told by several people this is the best place to eat in Vegas.  We were sat at a window seat overlooking the Bellagio's famous fountain.  That was the best part of our meal, sad to say.  The view was stunning, but the food left us disappointed.  For the price, we expected everything to be excellent.  My drink was the second best part of the meal.  I had the Eiffel Tower (something-or-another.)  It was like a light champagne version of sangria with mixed berries.  My husband had the Beef Wellington, and it was just ok.  I had the filet mignon, and it was tough, dry, and overcooked.  I asked for it medium, so I was really disappointed with it and didn't even finish it.  For a $69 steak, that is not good.  I've had better at Longhorn Steakhouse.  Maybe we ordered the wrong items, but everything should be good at a place like this.
OK so I haven't been to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant yet, but I'm entitled to give it a Rating :) I will explain why. I will be visiting Vegas in 3 weeks. Bringing My fiance for his birthday 4/1. On his actually birthday I wanted to do something different, so I'm having a Limo pick us up from our hotel and bring us to Eiffel Tower Restaurant. I' figure his birthday comes once a year, and I wanted to show him a good time, and take him to dinner, not what we are used to doing $50 dinners and a movie. Something nice and fancy. So before I made the reservations I decided to come on Yelp to see others reviews. I must say I'm Amazed. One thing I wanted to do is have a view of the Bellagio Fountains & on a dessert plate Happy Birthday written in chocolate. So I emailed Jennifer, the Manager. I didn't think I would get a response, but here is what she responded back to me:. . Cherise,.  . I have taken care of everything. You will have a table with a view, and the Chef will send out a small birthday treat on a special birthday plate. I look forward to seeing you then..  . All the best,. . Jennifer Gaydeski. Manager. Eiffel Tower Restaurant. ph: 702-948-6937 | fax: 702-942-0004. . So needless to say I'm sold!! We will be visiting the "Eiffel Tower Restaurant"!!. . After my visit I will post pictures & another review!
Three of five of us ordered Rack of Lamb - 2 were returned twice!  - under cooked - mine was luke warn. Vegetables served in cute little cast iron pans ware just warm.. Ambiance: Great view but  fast paced.  Waiters  are busy and room is noisy.. Hey its Vegas, I guess.. . Liked Morel's French Steak House better - more intimate - Food great not one complaint. at about 30% less the cost.
Had a great dinner service could have been better
This place is receiving a 3 star rating from me. Maybe I shouldn't have such high expectations for the place. I was here with my friend to celebrate her birthday and made my reservation way in advance to for 5:15pm to guarantee a window seat to view the sunset. Turns out the sunset time for the date was for 7:50pm. So I guess we were expected to sit for approximately 3 hours..  . Atmosphere: We had a table towards the back of the restaurant, but it did have a pretty good view of the Bellagio fountain. The temperature of the place was nice and cool because there were only about 10 tables that night. It was not packed at all so the noise level was good..  . Food: We were not that hungry when we arrived being an early dinner, so we decided not to do the tasting menu and ordered a le carte. We ordered 2 cocktails (Pink Velvet, The Eiffel Affair), two appetizers (Casco Bay Jumbo Sea Scallop, Red Wine Marinated Quail), two entrees (Black Cod, Altantic Salmon), and the Pistachio Souffle dessert to share. The food was all delicious, but the quail was a bit rough. Even though it was marinated, it lacked flavor in the meat so the sauces made up for that. The black cod was really good at first but it became a bit saltier towards the end as I was finishing it..  . Service: This is really where I dropped the star for this place. After being greeted and lead to the table, our waiter, Mario, came by to ask us what type of water and asked if we were interested in wine or cocktails. My friend ask for the beverage menu and he came back with the just the wine list. It was later on when another gentlemen in a grey suit who came by that we request the cocktail list from him. After placing our orders for the appetizers and entrees, we didn't see our waiter much after that. Our waiter made us feel like he just didn't care. Our food was brought out to us wrong. It's only the two of us and he still couldn't get it right who's food it belongs to? He was busy attending to the table next to us with the family of four for the most part. He did not let us know that the souffle took about 20 minutes to prepare until after we ordered it. Whereas the other table, he went over to ask if they would like to put in the order in advance half way towards their entree so they don't have to wait for it. They came in after us and ordered after us, but was given their dessert first. Also, the other table next to us had flowers on the table because their dinner was for an anniversary celebration, but we didn't even get a card anything. Even a simple steak house would have had some kind gestures. I did saw the other waiter brought out a mini dessert with Happy Birthday written on the plate for one of the table (HEY, WHERE IS OURS?!).  . I honestly felt that the whole experience with the restuarant was dragged down by the service we received. I did notice that the table of two next to us had a very pleasant waiter who was much more patient and attentive. They have a staff who provides consistently good service to everyone. Overall, the view was very nice and the food was good (not blow you away good), but service was a let-down. To create a great dining experience, all three aspects should be present, even if not all at the greatest, but at least at a fairly good level. I would have thought a place like this would know that. Our check was nearly $250, I definitely expected more from it.
Going to keep this brief.  Went here for brunch on a Sunday with a number of friends.  Got the lamb burger and it was pretty solid.  My wife got the BLTA sandwich, which was ok.  The prices were a bit high, the views are nice, the service is good but a little stuffy.  Its got a high class vibe due to the French servers, but there weren't many people in there for Sunday brunch, so it had kind of an awkward feel too.  I imagine dinner in a full dining room with the Bellagio fountain light show going in the background would be best.
We stopped here for lunch, to try the food and also view the spaces they have available for a wedding reception.. . Reading reviews on different sites, my expectations were pretty high coming into this lunch. We had an amuse bouche of Asparagus Flan.  Absolutely spectacular, a little bite of asparagus-y perfection. My now hubby got the steak sandwich (which was also excellent, I wished I would have ordered the same) I got the crab french toast which was where the meal took a turn for the worst. The bread was stuffed with a very heavy mixture of crab and mayonnaise. The bread was very heavy, greasy and in conjunction with the crab mixture it just wasn't at all what I expected or very palate pleasing. . . We ordered dessert which was the apple strudel. It wasn't a BAD dessert but it wasn't what you would expect from a french restaurant with this kind of stellar reputation. Our server was excellent but the experience itself was inconsistent. The distance between the highs and the lows were too great for me to give the review I expected to give.
Good food and service. Remarkable view of Bellagio fountains. May not be true every night. Souffle great.
Wow, this restaurant did not live up to my expectations at all. I was really disappointed with the food for the price. . . On the last night of a recent Vegas trip with just ladies, we wanted to go out with a classy bang. Earlier in the year I visited the Ramsey Steakhouse which is also located in the Paris hotel/casino. That was my first pick but since we couldn't get a table there, Eiffel was our backup plan. . . We had a reservation for 4 and arrived about 20 minutes early. They accommodated us right away which was great. The view of the strip is a beautiful backdrop to the restaurant. . . Our server was excellent. He was very professional and explained everything in detail. . . I ordered the surf and turf ($74). It was a prime cut steak with lobster. I was extremely extremely disappointed with my meal. It was a layered meal which consisted of a block of a bland potato dish, topped with the steak, topped with a lobster cake then topped with 2 tiny pieces of lobster and garnish http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=gYF9-Ev_sqV2gqB4dMs6Lw&userid=Q2RsDOhzsCBI-F1oOPe6Lg.  Not at all what I had in mind. I couldn't help but compare this to Gordon Ramsay's. Eiffel Tower restaurant doesn't come close to Ramsay's. . . In lieu of a salad, I opted for the tomato, mozzarella and basil app. ($18) http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ehCfEscdNE6edLBmFV77oA&userid=Q2RsDOhzsCBI-F1oOPe6Lg. That was delish! It is heirloom tomatoes, avocado, with fresh mozzarella cheese dressed with a basil oil. I ate this with assorted bread they give. Speaking of bread, you get it only after you put in your order. There is a man who walks around with a platter of assorted bread table-to-table. Can't they just leave a bread basket, don't want that man to judge me on my bread consumption, ha ha?. . The steak was good but nothing mind blowing. Sides were ok. My friends ordered the halibut and only ate about half since she didn't really like the flavor. . . I'm glad I can say I've tried this place but probably wouldn't ever come back nor recommend to others.
I ate here with a group of people and thought the food was great. Just alittle to classy for people looking to have a good time. Meals and drinks were very expensive. For me and my wife this would not be our first choice of an expensive place to eat while is Las Vegas
Pros:.  -Food was good, not mind blowing, but still delicious. I recommend the lamb, the salmon, and creme brulee. The lamb was cooked to perfection, really juicy.. The salmon was delicious (I wish the portion were larger ^_^).. The creme brulee finished off the meal with a sweet kick.. -Gorgeous panoramic views of the strip (beautiful fountain view), request a window table if any are available. -Friendly, professional service. . . Cons:-One of the busiest restaurants on the strip, restaurant feels very crowded. -food and drinks are a bit over priced (but then again it is a restaurant on the strip). -portions are small, but it is intended to be a multi course dinner. -can be a bit loud. -the booths still have a beautiful view of the strip, but the coveted tables are right on the window. -the woman checking us in was a bit stuck up, I had to greet her first =(. . Overall, it was a good experience. But as far as I am concerned, this was a one time deal.
Food was decent/a-okay. A little bit over priced IMO. Then again, this happens way too often with all the "fine dining" restaurants I've been to around the world. . Portions were big enough to be very filling.. . Ambiance wasn't quite I imagined it to be. I thought it would be more quiet and romantic. Instead, it was very loud and crowded. I felt like as if I was at Chilis or TGIF. I would prefer my pricier restaurants to feel classier.. . Note: Even though I made reservations, I still had to wait in line for 45 minutes. Apparently there were 6 other groups/couples with reservations who 'checked in' before me. Not sure how that works.. . Also, there is a dress code.. . Minus 2 stars for the price, loud atmosphere and wait time.
3 stars for food and five stars for service, but I am going to round because they forgot the most important thing!. . I had made reservations to celebrate my mom's birthday. When I had called, they had asked if we were there for a special occasion and I had mentioned that we were there for a birthday.However, once we got there, they made no mention of it. It wouldn't have been a big deal but everyone else on yelp had their birthday person recognized.   Why ask and then not follow through? Not cool. Not cool at all. . . Service is outstanding! We started off with the amuse bouche, which consisted of a cauliflower mousse. Absolutely delicious. The servers kept coming back and forth to make sure we had enough bread and water. Kept cleaning our table over and over. They had this little bread crumb lifter that removed all the crumbs. That's high class! Their waitstaff is awesome and for that alone I would say go. . . My mom got the recommended parmesean crusted  chicken while I got the lamb burger. She liked the chicken but it was a little to heavy for me. I got the lamb burger, but it was a little too strong for me, so I'd have to pass. We both ordered a non-alcoholic lime drink which was tasty and a great alternative to the alky. . We ended up getting our own dessert, the strawberry souffle with pistachios. Kind of reminded us of strawberry ice cream since they freeze it, but a nice option to the end of the meal. . . Would I go again? I don't know. I usually go to Vegas for celebrations, either birthdays or graduations and such, so we usually go all out. But not remembering a birthday of a guest is a big no-no, especially at a place that has such a high level of service. Joel Robuchon definitely remembered. At least I took her to go see O.
What a great place to have a nice and pleasant dinner with some pretty great views of the strip and the water show at the Bellagio.... . Even at 930pm on a random Saturday night, the place was pretty packed. So packed that I wasn't seated until 950pm. But at least I knew coming in that I wanted the Tasting Menu so at I got my order in before 10pm...their scheduled time to close.. . But despite coming early hoping for an on time reservation, I felt that they were rushing through my courses. Sure, this was a late dinner, but still, I'm here to enjoy French fine dining, and not experience this fast food. If I wanted fast food...I would have gone somewhere else.. . So it was a bit of an annoyance when my server (I'll leave nameless) asked if I was done with my Cream of Mushroom soup despite having only 2 spoonfuls of this delicious dish. I mean like c'mon dude...there's still a majority of the soup remaining and you were just here like 2 minutes ago...really? really?. . I would understand if I was the only person remaining, but there were plenty of other patrons still putting in their orders. And by the way, even with the Tasting Menu, I still managed to finish and leave before several patrons who started before me. So I still didn't understand why I was being rushed.. . Do you guys have a conveyor belt every time someone orders the Tasting Menu? Do you guys have a set time limit every time someone orders the Tasting Menu?. Does the kitchen actually close at 10pm?. . Another point was that I asked to supplement the Tasting Menu with their Camembert, Crispy Pear and Currant Roulade (which by the way seems like it is included in the menu online, but it's actually extra when you get to the restaurant). Anyways, I asked to supplement this, but my server was leaning towards cancelling it, suggesting that I may be already full after the Filet Mignon. But with his persistence, I gave in and asked to cancel the Crispy Pear.. . Again, the "rush factor" was a big turn off. So despite having such great views of the neon lights and the dazzling water show across the street, the evening became a moot point.. . Would I come back again? Probably...it's definitely a great date place. It's not intimate because it can be pretty loud everywhere you sit. It's a dressy place so having that with the great views can be a date night possibility.. . But on this particular visit, I came solo. So that may have played a role into why I was being rushed. And another thing...before I was seated, I was invited to the bar and wait there before my table was ready. My question is...why do I need to close out my tab at the bar? Why can't I transfer it to the table? Are the bar people separate from the dining room area people? It was just a little odd.. . Again, I would come back, and again I would order the Tasting Menu, but I would probably make it clear to the server that we/I are in no rush here. I should have done that before, but lessons learned, and moving on.
So many reviews here I'll keep mine short and simple.. The food was quite good but not worth what the final bill.  I have had much better for that kind of cash.. This place is VERY expensive IMO.. I have never had a $20 chocolate martini before...unfortunately we had 4 total.  So drinks &  dinner w\ no appetizer, no salad and no dessert total was over $220.. That may be no big deal to you high rollers but I was pretty shocked.. . Again, decent food and  one of the best views on the strip but you definitely pay for it!. 3 stars for food quality, less that stellar waiter service, always empty water glass  and price shock.. 5 star view for Vegas strip and the fountain show.. . Bottom line, once you are in they have you.  You are paying mostly for the view.
The Eiffel Tower Restaurant is a place to come for the amazing atmosphere of eating in the Eiffel Tower overlooking the Las Vegas Strip and not necessarily the food. Me and my three friends made reservations for a Monday night at around 6pm on 2/11/13. When we got up there, you have to take the elevator up to the restaurant, then walk through their kitchen area, which is really neat to see. They gave us a side view of the Bellagio fountains and the rest of the strip (which is an amazing view). It is a very classy place, and they serve you multiple choice of bread which are all excellent. It's a pricy place, but no pricer than your going to get anywhere else on the strip. I got the FIlet Mignon with Bearnaise sauce, which was very good, just not great. Also got the Caesar salad, however, the dressing tasted 100% oil, and not like caesar at all, which was probably my least favorite thing here. Also got a Apple strudel dessert which was very flavorful with cinnamon sugar and nice flaky crust. . . PROS. *Atmosphere - #1 reason to come here. Might be the nicest place to dine in the heart of the strip. At night it's beautiful because not only do you get a great view of the Bellagio fountains, but the strip in general. . . *Service - I really enjoyed how it felt like we didn't have a waiter, but we had a host. Everyone was really nice and very accommodating. The waitress always came over and refilled our water glasses and they constantly asked us if we wanted more of that fresh bread. . . CONS. *Food - Food is still really good, just nothing amazing to the point I was blown away. I personally think Ruth's Chris or Morton's food is better than here.. . *Price - Not outrageous for Las Vegas, but still a pricy place. For a Caesar Salad, Filet Mignon, and a dessert cost me in the neighborhood of $100.
To me it was real expensive for not that amazing of a quality. . May be because the hotel itself is so old and falling apart compared to The city center.
THREE STARS, FOR A GREAT BAR . NEGATIVE TWO, FOR DINNER SERVICE THAT BLEW. . Hubby and I made reservations for our dinner here a day early. We drooled over the menu and called his parents for suggestions on what to eat.. . The following day was spent walking around Vegas, drinking, and eating! We unfortunately planned very poorly and had booked two other things this day: a late lunch and bar show at Kahunaville (prepaid on Groupon) and a naughty (X)Burlesque show to end the night . A 7:30 dinner was stuck right in between the two with not much room on either side. . . We arrived on time and were told to wait at the bar where we ordered a drink from Keith. We actually each ordered a bottle of Hell's Keep ($22.70) and he suggested we share the beer because the bottle was a little bigger than normal and we didn't have a long wait. Perfect - and yummy!. . With sadness we looked over our menus and realized we'd have to get something smaller than we planned since we'd eaten not long before and had to hustle a little for the 10 pm show (we were told to be there no later than 9).  We wanted to be upfront with our server and told him we would be ordering apps and dessert instead of complete entrees. Since we were at a window seat he said that we would probably have to move to another table near the bar. I understood, since seating is the nicest so they want to give it to the people spending the most, but the WAY he said it was not pleasant. Even though we were allowed to stay in the seats, his attitude the entire meal left a bad taste. . . What we ordered:. Warm caesar salad ($16.00). Blue cheese souffle ($16.00). Creme Brulee ($12.00). . We both agreed the salad was the best of the three. The dressing was fantastic. The souffle wasn't bad either but we found a much better creme brulee another night at Centercut in Flamingo.  Honestly, we really enjoyed the view and the water show from Bellagio, but when I'm spending $50 on an appetizer and dessert I'd like some class from the staff. We should have just moved to the bar area as soon as he first said it.
I went to the eiffel tower restaurant for my birthday celebration.  we had window seating and had a great view of the strip and the bellagio show.  the staff is very friendly and helpful.the first course i had was the pea soup...never had it before...it was very good!  it was creamy, buttery and filled with awesomeness...from my entree i ordered the sea bass...it was ok....the fish was room temperature which makes me think it was left out a little before being served...the flavor was good, but had no wow factor that you would expect for the price you pay...my wife had the ny steak and i had a few bites...again good, but not anything to write home about...probably the same quality you would get at a cheesecake factory....for desert we had the chocolate and grand marnier souffles...these were very good...not as good as the one i had at paleo on the disney cruise, but very good...all in all, the ambiance was great, service was excellent and the food was good.... . for the price, i probably would not go back...a lot better places in Vegas to go to for fine dining
Food was great, chef sent a delightful sunchoke puree appetizer to our table before our meal. The view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain is perfect and the scaffolding of the Vegas Eiffel Tower slices throughout the restaurant. My one sad note is that the staff was only semi engaged in the whole French theme and although they were attentive, they were very stiff and devoid of personality.
We treated ourselves to a meal at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant on our second night in Vegas. Arriving early for our reservation, we were seated at the bar, even though there were plenty of open tables. I don't have an issue with that, except that we had to pay for our drinks separately from the rest of the meal.. . The cocktail I had was amazing - something to do with strawberries and maple syrup and black pepper. It was perfectly balanced, taste wise, and super-strong. . . The blue cheese souffle starter was wonderful. Firmer than I usually expect from a souffle (I was disappointed that it didn't collapse) it came with a tasty salad and fantastic balsamic dressing. I could have licked the plate.. . Unfortunately the steak with Bearnaise sauce was a little dry and chewy - not what I expect for $56 - and so large that I was unable to finish it. Hubby had the venison chops, which he finished with relish. . . Thanks to the huge portions, I  skipped dessert altogether.. . The view is spectacular, but at $350 for a meal for 2, it's definitely best saved for a very special occasion.
For my birthday all I wanted to do was go to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant.  I bought a new dress and was very excited.  My boyfriend and I did a little gambling and day drinking before dinner and his stomach wasn't doing the best.  So we sit down to our table and the waiter was pompous.  He took our drink order, I got champagne and my boyfriend (not feeling the best) got water.  The waiter looked at him in shock and said, "you know you can order a drink, I didn't ask for I.D."  My jaw hit the freaking floor.  I couldn't believe what I was hearing.  First off, he is well above the drinking age and I.D. is irrelevant.  Second, he is a grown man and can order for himself.  Thirdly, what if he were an alcoholic and couldn't drink.  So right off the bat we start off on the wrong foot.  So our drinks come and a bus boy brings me a water that has a bug in it.  I call the waiter over and say, "I'm sorry, but there is a bug in my drink".  The waiter takes the glass and doesn't say a word, not a sorry, nothing.  Immediately he comes back with water.  Because of his attitude and the quickness that he brought the water back, I am assuming he didn't pour me a new glass but just flicked the bug out of the water.  I address this with the waiter and tell him that I want the check and I want to leave.  He calls the manager over and I tell her everything that has happened.  She offers to start over, but by that time my night was ruined.  I looked at her and said, if you guys can't get my water right, how can I trust you to get my meal right?!?.  So, now everything is booked for dinner for Memorial Day and we went to Benihanna's because they could take us. UPDATE - A manager contacted me shortly after I wrote this review.  He not only made me feel better about the experience but went above and beyond to correct it.  That is customer service I can get behind.  Mistakes happen, and the staff truly represents the restaurant however one bad apple shouldn't spoil the bunch, especially when I see all the nice reviews of this restaurant
Great view but the food is average and the service is ok.  If you can just go for a drink and eat somewhere else.
My wife and I go to Vegas once a year and splurge on a nice dinner while there. We try not to repeat restaurants so we can try something new. The view of the fountains at Bellagio from the restaurant (about a dozen stories high) was the best part. The food tasted great, but you didn't get much at all and we're not big eaters to start. The cost was typical for a nice Vegas restaurant ($225 for a couple dinners and a pair of drinks). . We also went to the Top of the World Restaurant which was the same price with 10x better food/view/service. If I had to go back to the Eiffel Tower Restaurant with another couple I would, but I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to go back.  Also, there is a viewing deck from the top of the Eiffel tower which we planned to check out while there. They make you leave the restaurant, go down to the first floor, buy a ticket for the elevator, wait 30 minutes and then go up the same elevator to the top. I thought for going to dinner and dropping $225  they would spare you from waiting in line and/or paying $10 more bucks for an elevator ride you have to take anyway! Good Luck, you're in Vegas so have fun!
I ate here awhile ago and for starters, the food was really amazing. This place is the go-to place in Vegas for a tasteful and rich night out. However, I did not like how most of that nights service was. I went with my best friend and our mothers. We are underage and are not legally to drink but allowed but our mothers wanted to order us a drink to have with our dinner. Our mothers told the waiter that they wished to do so and he did not allow it because it would cost him his job. TOTALLY UNDERSTAND! BUTTTT after he left our table he informed the whole restaurant crew and security and they watched us like HAWKS while we had our dinner. Very unprofessional and low-class for such a great restaurant. Props to the chef! but bad service.
The view is magnificent from here and the servers are really friendly and helpful. The food wasn't particularly great but it wasn't too bad.
Fantastic views of the Strip, especially of the Bellagio Fountains. The tables are set up to face the wrap around windows so there isn't really a bad view in the place. Food is average at best, decent presentation and not a bad meal, but certainly not memorable. The service was below average - extremely slow, rather cold and unfriendly (with the exception of the person that escorted us up to the restaurant from the ground floor) and they never checked in on us - not once. And it was off-lunch hours (i.e. 3 pm) so there were only a handful of people seated so we are not sure the reason for he hold up. Plenty of wait staff around - just not actually coming by the tables. We could hear other guests complaining as well - one couple was comped one meal and a free dessert as they were quite vocal in their disappointment with both food and service. We didn't bother to complain - we really enjoyed the views and were glad we had the experience. However, we would not likely return nor recommend it for more than a cocktail.
Service at this restaurant is excellent. Our friends who were meeting us were running late but the hostess was nice enough to seat us anyway. So we decided to order drinks. I had some watermelon drink and then a pina colada. I get really giddy when I drink so everything was funny to me. This restaurant is super romantic and dark with a beautiful view. I ordered the foie gras, corn soup and duck. I always enjoy foie gras but it was a tiny piece. The corn soup had crab in it and was really sweet. By the time the duck came I was already full. It was a bit dry and I didn't like the rice that came with it. My hubby had the Caesar salad, foie gras and beef Wellington. His Wellington was excellent. The flaky crust to it was so buttery and crispy. We shared the strawberry souffle for dessert. And they even gave us a free chocolate mousse with happy anniversary written on it. My friends both enjoyed their dinners and treated us for our anniversary. It was a nice time but food comes out very slow.
5 stars for the service.. 5 stars for the ambiance.. 5 stars for the location.. Unfortunately the food wasn't that great, each dish could have used a little more flavors.
The service and views are amazing and worth the price of the meals, HOWEVER, if you're visiting from a city or town that has a decent culinary presence you probably won't be overly impressed.  We come from Wine Country with San Francisco less than an hour north.  San Diego and Los Angeles are a couple of places we like to frequent down South and up North, Portland and Seattle are our stomping grounds. The food was "good for Las Vegas," but not outstanding when you're already accustomed to eating some of the best food in the world.  . . The hollandaise sauce on the green beans was so lemony that it overpowered the dish and made it too bitter to eat.  The au gratin potatoes were surprisingly bland.   . . There are only so many buffets and chains that you can eat at, so this was a nice reprieve but overall you could grab tickets to the elevator in the eiffel tower to take in the fantastic view and save yourself more than a few bucks.  Glad I went but most likely won't be back.
We ate here for a nice dinner when we were in Vegas. The food was ok... nice atmosphere but nothing special really. My duck was a little greasy. The drinks on the other hand are amazing! Now we just go up there for a drink. My favorite is the one with champagne and fresh fruit! Expensive thought! $22! But worth it.. just not having more then 1!
What I loved most about this place is the table we were seated at. It was the corner table with a beautiful view of the strip and we were entertained by the Bellagio's water show while lunching. . . I ordered something that was intriguing at the time but don't remember loving it as much. I ate it, but for me, it was the African spices that they put on the meat that I didn't like so much. . . I was more in love with being at the top of the world than the food I ordered. What was more sweet was that we were having a kid-free weekend in Vegas, just my husband and I, rekindling like we were dating all over again. Sigh...
