Where do I begin to tell you folks about Cosmopolitan.... . I just got back from a two day visit to Sin City, and stayed at Cosmopolitan. It's a bit confusing to get to the resort if you're not use to all these signs left and right on The Strip. As I drove in, I ended up at City Center which is not the entrance to Cosmo. I actually had to get out of City Center, back on the Strip and onto Harmon. The porte cochere is quite impressive. Self parking is state of the art. A subterranean level, SUPER easy to find parking. There are lights located on top of each spot. Sensors will let you know whether or not there is an open space. Blue lights means handicap, red light means there is a car parked, green light....bet your ass you better haul your rented Kia Sportage to that spot. You can spot the green lights as you drive down each level. I am really difficult to impress, but this caught my eye.. . Registration was easy. The lady who helped me was extremely courteous, pretty, but had no idea where the rooms were located. She sent me to the wrong tower. Her instructions were very clear. "Right behind you, take the elevators in the middle and it's to your right". RIGHT MY ASS", my room was not in that tower. I had gone back downstairs and asked for assistance. Security by the entrance of the towers did not even know where this room was!!! 30 minutes later, I find myself on the East Tower escorted by both security guards through the heavily filled casino.Tourists wanted to know who I was, as I walked in with dark shades, beanie hat, peacoat with the collar popped up. I felt like Angelina Jolie walking through Charles de Gaulle, but I was a bit pissed I couldn't find my room. I was dying to go drop the kids off at the pool...so alas!!!. . Note to self, if you are planning to use this hotel as a hook up center for booty calls and prostitution...forget that idea.....you must use your key card every time you go up to your room to access your elevator. So even if you tell your prostitute to come on up to your room...you'll find yourself coming down everytime to pick up your 'sin'.  At first I thought this is amazing....great security....after so many booty calls and sin...I was tired. . . Rooms....SPEECHLESS. I had a one bedroom terrace suite. Very modern and the decor is impressive. Two plasma screens decorate the living room and the bedroom. If you're a shower and bath tub aficionado, this is your room. It has an extremely big Japanese sink tub along with an open space shower. It was heaven. The room is  very 'exhibitionsit' where you can see someone taking a shower from your bed or hop in to the Japanese tub from the outside. You have a big window that people from the other tower can look in. Another fun part of this hotel, each room has a set of binoculars....IMAGINE THAT! I know for a fact I was giving shows left and right when I showered and jumped into that tub.....I felt like Cirque du Soleil...."O", but mine is called "OH MY!!". . Here is the downfall on the rooms..housekeeping is a mess!!! They don't leave extra TP for you...if you tend to use a lot of TP to clean up after yourself, better grab the box of Kleenex....I had a BAD experience....they left me the box of Kleenex from the previous guests with only 5 tissues left, and the TP was not changed...so, after dropping the kids off from the pool as mentioned from above, I found myself calling housekeeping. They never showed up....my ghetto ass went downstairs and took a roll from the public bathroom located just outside of the East Tower entrance....HEY..you gotta do what you gotta do. I know they are slammed with  opening a new hotel, but there was no excuse for housekeeping to not leave an extra roll of TP in the drawers. They are all empty anyways.... All I have to say is that Housekeeping managers need to have a better check list than what they did.. they forgot a lot of stuff when the following day. They took away my soap and didn't replace it. And to call housekeeping to bring something to you....FORGET IT.... so I used my shampoo as handwash. I couldn't wait for housekeeping.. . The casino, very cute and quaint, but small compare to other properties in Vegas. There is more bar square footage in that casino than casino itself. There is a cool pool table on the 3rd floor and some cool restaurants. No big names with the exception of Comme ca. The women that work there are super gorgeous and pretty. Great smiles and sense of humor. You can definitely tell HR at Cosmo are horny men with good eye for women. The men, mostly all the bartenders are also very handsome, but no sense of humor. They lack that extra umph of being a bartender. Yes, you're straight, but the men are the ones that shell out the dough for these drinks! Talk to us, fellows....don't be stupid. I noticed another fellow Yelper wrote that the females in his group liked the hotel better than the men did......that's because the bartenders are FUCKED UP. . . Enough of this hotel...I liked it, but it needs help
I was there for one week business conference.. Bad air quality in the room, and unreliable plumbing..... Looks like the building is still not yet complete.. . Of course, the TV and the light dimmer obviously did not work.
I'll make this simple.... . Pros: BEAUTIFUL hotel. We stayed in the wrap around balcony suite in the east towers over looking the Bellagio water show. It was gorgeous. Extremely deep bathtub, great showers, COMFY bed situation, and the technology in the room (especially all that you can access just from the TV) was off the chain.. Their pool area on the 4th floor was equally gorgeous. Cabanas were very relaxing.. . Room service breakfast was really good although, FYI, they injecting something in them pancakes because they were Jurassic!. . Valet service was VERY quick. We never had to wait to long for our car.. . CONS: Customer service fail! They've got a lot of work to do. We were told because of our VIP Gold card status, our drinks would be comped at the bars in the hotel. NONE of the bartenders new what the hell we were talking about. Every time we tried to do it a manager (who wasn't around) has to be called. It ended up being too much of a hassle each time so we just said forget it. We even went to the designated VIP lounge and they had not been informed. . . We ordered a roll away bed and some more towels at 1am, went to Drais after hour spot, came back to the room at 7am (we went hard) and no one had even been there. Called two more times and still no one brought anything. Wasn't until we called angry about it that we finally got a "oh the order wasn't entered correctly (all three times???) excuse.. . Another issue: As I said, we spent a lot of money at this hotel, one of their most expensive suites, poker tourney, VIP status. The problem is VIP means not a damn thing at this hotel. There are no perks! We decided to go to Marque, the club inside the hotel, because they had a hip hop room and we weren't about the house music. We had 3 girls and 4 guys. Everyone dressed lovely. We get there, flash the VIP cars ans the bouncer tells us the guy to girl ratio is too low. We need one more girl....I'm not even going to discuss this further. All I'm going to say is, I'm VIP in your hotel and I can't get in your club because I'm short one damn female???. . They've only been open about a month. They have a lot of work to do. They need to take better care of their VIP guests. If you're trying to do Vegas VIP...this ain't the place.. . We've stayed at other hotels VIP and I have to say Encore has been the best as far as perks/customer service goes.. . . That is all.
Pink lacquer chandeliers. A pool table. A floor dedicated to restaurants. A club called Marquee. Colored pencils & art books in the room. Glitter, crystal & all things sparkly in unlikely places (walls, light fixtures, etc.) Staying at the Cosmopolitan makes you feel like a princess. I don't throw this word around casually, but our room was PHAT; balcony with a comfy seating area, huge shower, deep soaking tub, flat screen TVs (yup, plural.) . . Loved it:. -- pool on 4th floor was about 90 degrees. Pool on 14th floor was about 80 degrees. In January. At noon. I could have stayed there all day. Take a picture underneath the gigantic shower head & on the lounge chairs *in* the pool. . -- chandelier bar: sip a cosmo at the cosmopolitan for $10 a pop. . -- secret pizza joint: review to follow. Basically, I like anything with the word 'secret' in it. . . Unfortunately, customer service was the low point of our stay  They've only been open for 1.5 months, which might explain the hiccups, but here is a list of things that rained on my parade:. -- we were told there was a pull-out bed in the room. There wasn't. Just a (fancy) couch. A more seasoned worker would have known exactly what type of room they were giving to a customer. . -- hold time to get anyone on the phone was LONG. Anytime we called the front desk or housekeeping, we got an automated message telling us to hold for the 'next co-star.' This is not Hollywood, this is the hospitality industry. . -- we called for extra towels & other essentials & it took hours to get it. Housekeeping did not replenish toiletries or replace the empty tissue box. . . The bottom line: the Cosmopolitan is glitzy & glamorous, no doubt, but god forbid you need anything sent to your room-- you'll have to call several times to get it. The Cosmopolitan is like a hot girl who's bad in bed. Gorgeous, you're glad you're in it, but you hope they'll learn some tips & tricks for next time.
The rooms here are great.  Spacious and if you're on the right side, you'll get a fantastic view of the strip and the Bellagio fountain.. . The hotel doesn't feel too large, which is a good thing.  The thing I did not like about it is that the 2nd and 3rd floors, where the shops and restaurants are located, are pretty much empty in between the West and East  towers.  The area is all conference rooms so it was empty.. . The hotel is definitely still working out its kinks, as I experienced problems at check-in and check-out.  It took a long time, and the workers also struggled with the concept that I was staying on my company's card for one night and on my personal card for the second.  There also aren't any clear lines for when it's busy, so you could be in line forever and people who arrived after you could check-in/out before you.. . The hotel's theme I guess is modern art and whatnot.  It's not exactly my thing so I didn't love it, but some people certainly really enjoyed the random statues of shoes in the hallway.. . The amenities provided in the hotel rooms are just ok and they didn't provide a new set of everything for the second day, which I thought was a bit weird.. . Again, the room is great, and the hotel is in a great location.  Lots of restaurants (casual and upscale) to choose from which is nice as well.  I think the cheapest table I saw for poker or blackjack was $25/hand.
We arrived a little before 2pm and tried to check-in at the front desk. The woman at the front desk was friendly and told us the room was not ready, which was fine since check-in time is technically 3pm. So we went to the buffet to eat first. (buffet is good). . Came back to the front desk at 3:45pm, and different woman at the front desk told us our room was not ready. Now I'm concerned b/c check-in time is supposed to be 3pm. The woman told us check-in is between 3-5pm, which is crazy b/c no hotel does that, and that's not what it says on the website. B/c we were upset, she started getting attitude and told us the room was not ready (no explanation), that they would call us when it was ready and that there were other people waiting ahead of us for rooms. She said she had no idea when the room would be ready and was completely unconcerned that we would have to sit around the hotel and wait until god knows when for a room to be "ready.". . We sat around the hotel and waited until about 5:20pm, since we were told 5pm and were waiting for them to call. We were tired and tried to take naps on the couches near one of the lounges, since we had nothing else to do. Went back to the front desk around 6pm to check, b/c no one called us, and a different woman at the front desk told us our room was still not ready! She said the rooms just hadn't been cleaned yet. This one was more accommodating and understanding, so eventually she found us a room that was clean and it was an upgrade from the room we reserved. We were just grateful and giddy to finally be getting a room so we could put our things down. Especially since were only staying one night, and check-out is supposed to be 11am - I was worried we'd be sitting around all night waiting and then have to go to sleep and check out the whole rest of the trip!. . The room was beautiful, huge, w/ a fantastic view. Loved it, but we just didn't have any time or energy to really enjoy it. We got into the room around 6:30pm and put our stuff down. We were so tired from the ordeal that we didn't gamble or try a restaurant like we planned. We just stumbled out to find food real quick, walk around a bit, and went to sleep. Then we had to check out at 11a the next morning. Oh, and the 3/4 bathroom had not been cleaned - there was a sucked out lime in the sink and beverages on the counter. But we were fine with that; we just didn't use that bathroom.. . It's such a huge disappointment b/c I love everything about the atmosphere, decor, and location of the Cosmo, and I really thought it was going to be my favorite place in Vegas now (I come about once a month). Now I'm very cautious and reluctant to try going there again, and I'll caution everyone I know about staying there. I understand it's new and might need some time to adjust, but it's really unacceptable that people can't get into a room until 7pm. And we weren't the only ones waiting - the lobby was full of unhappy and angry people, some of whom had been waiting since 10 or 11am for a room and still didn't have one by 6:30p. When check-out is 11a and check-in is 3p, there's 4 hrs to clean rooms, and every reserved room should be clean and available by 3pm. It was a Sunday night, and not a busy weekend. I shudder to think what's going to happen next week when Chinese New Year, a UFC fight, and the Superbowl converges on Vegas! I've traveled a LOT in the past 10 yrs, and all over the world, and I've never experienced anything like this. I'm afraid to think what the service would've been like at the pool, nightclub, restaurants, spa, and gym, if I'd had the chance to utilize any of those things.. . I'd like to give the Cosmo another chance, maybe in a few months, and hope things improve considerably. If they do, then it'd probably be my new favorite hotel on the strip. If not, then I just can't ever go back again, no matter how nice the rooms are. Please work on it!!
Great room with lots of amenities.  The check in/out was efficient even though the in room check out did not work.  They need to improve the air filtration to mitigate the smoke.
SKANKY SKANKY SKANKY or Kinky!. . My mom received a free room to stay at Cosmo Hotel this past weekend and decided to give the room to me instead because when she started to play, she didn't feel comfy and it felt the gambling vibe wasn't on her side.  I was like SCORE!. . When you walk inside, it looks like a million bucks.  Everything looks over the top. When we got into the room, it was like wow, this is cool.  Not as big as Palazzo but still big.  The view is AMAZING from the balcony.  It has a microwave, small fridge and dishwasher along with 2 TVs.  Its like a great place to have a party.. . SKANKY OR KINKY PART:. From the bedroom side, there are blinds you can lift to see a person showering or taking a bath.  You cannot even lock the blinds.  So note, if you are coming here for a bachelor/bachelorette party, there will be some type of skanky photos of you taken if you take a shower or bath. Or if you plan on filming a porno, this spot is for you.  Not great for groups but great for 2 people celebrating or if you plan on filming a porno or sex tape. HAHAHA . . Their buffet for brunch is fab and tasty.  No crab legs though. $23 for weekend brunch.. . Cheap eats, there is a pizzeria on the 3rd floor on the East end next to the sushi restaurant, $3 for a slice of cheese pizza.. . -1 for the skanky shower situation. -.5 their A/C isn't cool enough.  It only goes down to 65 degrees. . -.5 for bad gambling vibes
This might possibly be the gayest hotel I have ever seen.  The lobby and casino look like they are inside Joan River's chandellier.  At the same time, I loved it.  Despite the gaudy feel, the hotel has really neat bars and it isn't as huge as some of the other hotels so it is pretty easy to navagate.  I also love the stores that are just a couple floors above.  This hotel is definitely great for people who don't want to walk around a ton but still want the vegas feel.
I loved the decor and the bartender was smokin' hot. My martini wasn't outrageously priced and was perfectly mixed, I'm definitely a fan. Its proximity to All Saints doesn't hurt either. Great for people watching, the drinks are amazing, and eye candy surrounds you here. Check it out!
I recently stayed here for a bachelor party. The hotel lobby was decked out with sick flat screen columns that looked like wall paper, but changed throughout the day. The check-in counters used iPads (with a stylus?!?), though it seemed like a fairly frivolous addition. . . Service at this relatively new hotel was extremely rough. We had a block of rooms reserved together before we arrived, however at check-in that information was lost and people were checked into rooms all over the place. The staff worked hard to get us rooms in the same tower at least and ended up comping us each for one night and giving us half off the second night (a few of us were stuck room-less for 3 hours). In addition to the check-in mishap there was a "cleaning" problem in one of the rooms. I won't get into the details, but it needed immediate attention, which unfortunately had to be requested multiple times. Also on Sunday morning I ordered room service that never arrived, when I called to check on it they suggested I go to the buffet instead.. . My suite had a great view of the Bellagio fountain. Decor was attractive and it felt spacious enough for one. The bachelor got a massive bungalow (he was majorly upgraded due to our many service issues). It had a private entrance to the hot new club: Marquee as well as 3 floors, views of the club, and an outdoor hot tub. Unfortunately the lack of sound insulation meant he couldn't sleep until the music stopped (after 5am). Also the fancy stereo system wasn't working on the main floor so we couldn't pipe in any music. Furnishings in the bungalow (like the couch) seemed designed more for ease of cleaning than style.. . While it's a cool looking hotel for now, I suspect the heavy use of technology means it won't look or feel modern for all that long unless they have a big budget for frequent upgrades. In my mind... Encore remains the Vegas champ.
Just awesome...the clubs, the rooms, everything!!
Review for public areas only. I haven't stayed here, so maybe spending more than an afternoon wandering around here would help me get used to the layout?. . I find the floor plan confusing. Trying to find the amazing pizza place or the buffet was a lot of wandering and back and forth. As a newbie, it just didn't make sense.. . Shops are good for window shopping, and that's about it. Facility is nice (it's new, it should be nice!) and staff were very professional and friendly. I went mid-week, so I didn't have to deal with large crowds or ugly drunks, and that's the way I like it. I don't know that I would venture in here on a weekend, though. It sort of screams 'hipster'.
I am a fan of the view, the room, spa/salon, and the overall ambiance. . I am not a fan of poor service. We got to the hotel a little after 3pm and our room was not ready, they told us about an hour, 2 and a half hours later we went to the check in area and it was still not ready, but they some how found us a room. Also, the day of my wedding I called for room service before my appointments at the salon and they told me 35 min, a hour later of no room service I called back and they told me that it was on it's way, a half hour after that it finally came. I really hoped to spend some time relaxing in the spa before my salon appointment, but not much luck there. . I really loved the view, the room, and some of the staff were friendly. I hope that the hotel gets their act together, because I really want to try to come back this summer.
Can you say overdone and gawdy?  I attended a conference at this hotel recently.   While the newest on the Strip, it definitely is over done, gone way overboard on the public area decorating and broke the bank on the decorating.  Well it's Vegas so I guess that is what is expected.. . I just attended the conference here, did not stay in the rooms.  I hear the rooms are great but you need a 14 year old that is skilled in electronic operations to run the room.. . The Chandelier bar was literally a 3 story chandelier bar.  Itlooked tacky.  Imagine beaded (fake) crystal strands of rope that is designed to look like a hanging lamp?. . The lobby was cool.  Columns with LED panels that would change graphics every 10 minutes or so.  A matching panel behind the front desk.  Leaves falling, library shelves/books and light bulbs.  Very cool.. . Conference area was well appointed and fairly high tech.  Interactive touch screen panels that included an interface to the hotels functions of the day and a map to point you in the right direction.  Bathrooms seemed on short supply.  . . I was lucky enough to be there for a catering conference.  We had a back of house tour.  Amazing what little bit of space is in the back of the house to produce for 150,000 square feet of banquet space.  All well thought out.. . So 2 stars for gaudiness, 4 stars for product and service.
This review is just based on walking through to get to Marquee.. . This place is very nice on the outside. On the inside, it's a little dark but nice and spacious as well. It was very crowded on a Saturday night.
Cosmopolitan hotel is not completely ready for prime time. I think they opened it up early because it was well behind the original construction schedule and they needed to make money quickly. Phone and TV didn't work in several rooms--we had to switch. Service is questionable. And all of the IT systems are dysfunctional.. . Now, there are also a lot of pros as well, if you aren't spending a lot of time in the room. The casino is great. Great design, very personal, excellent dealers. Also, the casino is a lot cleaner compared to MGM, NY NY, Monte Carlo, etc. The sports lounge (not the sports book) is the best place I have seen in Vegas to watch games. Great waitresses.. . If you are into nightlife, the clubs are rocking, but probably takes some work to get in.  Clearly, it's THE place to be. Basically, if you are 25 - 35 years old I could see a lot of appeal in staying here--less particular about the rooms and more into the scene.. . My recommendation is to stay elsewhere until these guys get it together. I'm guessing that a year from now they will sort it out. You could do worse in Vegas, but this place should be better.. . MRW
This could have been a five star review.. . The hotel is massive and gorgeous; everywhere you go there is something to gawk at. The employees are very friendly and helpful; every question was answered and some employees went way beyond the call of duty to point us in the right direction.. . The check in process needs work - we waited in line for an hour only to be told that it would be an additional two hours before our room was ready. . . Our room - Terrace Studio - was gorgeous; they spent the bulk of the budget on getting the look right but didn't pay enough attention to things actually being comfortable or working properly. The couches were stiff, hot water came out of some faucets but not others, only one TV was working and the lighting is challenging to sort out - even when you're sober. However, the house staff was all really nice and within minutes of asking for another blanket, towel or glass they were knocking on the door. . . The restaurants and bars are hit or miss. We tried six (I'll review those in detail separately). In short - pass on the Vesper & Bond bars - both are not staffed to handle crowds and you'll wait 20-30 minutes to put in an order much less get a drink and eating . Blue Ribbon Sushi is a bit over priced but we lucked out with a fantastic waiter who kept us drinking and laughing.  The Crystal Bar was ok, quick to get a drink (but it wasn't that busy) but the bartenders were super cranky - don't expect friendly witty banter. The Wicked Spoon was by far the best food and best service.  The Marquee was everything you want in a club with convenient bars, a fun crowd and great music at any of the floors you walked on to. . . Security left a lot to be desired - we had items stolen from our room and there was a pick pocket loose in The Marquee - neither occurrence was met with any amount of concern much less action from the security staff or management.. . Bottom line - If you love flash and forgive the lack of substance this is where you want to be.  Given that this is a new hotel I'm not surprised with the issues we encountered and I really hope they get it together because I'd love to give them another try.
Who knew there was a hotel called "The Cosmopolitan"? People who regularly go out to the strip, I guess. My friend invited me to Comme Ca for dinner with her other girl friends and I couldn't figure out where it was. She kept telling me it's in the Cosmopolitan. In my mind, I was thinking, "Comme Ca is in a restaurant? A restaurant in a restaurant?" Yes, I know, I know... ditz! . . When I finally saw the hotel, that's when it all clicked to me. Hmph, the palm of my hand slapped my forehead with embarrassment. Duh! When I walked in one thing that really stuck out was the amount of diamond looking chandelier that dressed the entire hotel. It was very Beverly Hills 90210, expensive looking, classy, and I felt so out of place being there. . . Don't misunderstand, I was impressed with how beautiful everything was, but I definitely felt like it wasn't my scene. The people that roamed through the casino that night all looked like a million dollars. The girls were all made up with perfect make up and skimpy sexy dresses to impress any man with dollar signs in his pocket, and the guys were in suits, gelled hair and colgoned out to impress any woman who were willing to take their money or be pampered, wined and dined.. . Overall, it's defnitely built for people who like high class status, rich, and expensive environment.  It's great to look at and sight see, but not to spend money in.
The Cosmopolitan has some interesting elements.  A Droog store (the only one in the country) for one.  (Excellent.)   From what I hear, good restaurants (pizzaria and steak house).  High thread count sheets and good pillows.  An excellent and beautifully designed gym and spa.  (Really beautiful, at least the one called Bamboo.)   Some great art.  The hardware in the hotel (like the surround for the staircase going up to the second floor) is terrific.  But the physical plant is just your standard ticky tack.  Cram a casino in an ugly building kind of thing.  Sort of weird.  And the rooms (unlike those at the Encore) were not beautiful.  The bathroom had great proportions but the room was long, narrow, and not pretty.   But it is a great location for many things, including the easy access to the Strip's amazing restaurants.  And there's that pool andgym.   Breakfast was included, and the buffet was fresh with some completely decent and delicious choices.  (Not a buffet fan myself, but as long as I can eat real food, I'm happy.)  . . It was a good choice.  Check out my Encore review though.
This is part 2 of my Cosmopolitan review. The first part addressed the Cosmo as a place to party. Now, I'm here to tell you what it's like to actually STAY here.. . A friend of mine shelled out major coin to get a suite with a wraparound balcony overlooking the Strip, and it was actually kind of a disappointment! . The room itself was AWESOME -- bad ass decor, full kitchen and bar, lots of cool art books all over the place, colored pencils on the desk and funky furnishings as far as the eye could see. The fridge minibar was filled with ironic hipster drinks like Pabst Blue Ribbon and Yoo-Hoo, and the minibar also very thoughtfully included a pair of binoculars, which came in VERY USEFUL for spying on people from the balcony. I watched a mook in a hot tub 30 stories below rolling a joint...and watched some cops arrest some poor fool in a pickup truck in the Aria valet...all from the comfort of the balcony. GOOOOOOOOD TIMES!. . HOWEVER, the balcony was the main reason he booked the room -- the plan was to sit outside at night with a doob and a stick of incense, ruminating on life and whatnot -- but the BRAIN SHATTERINGLY LOUD thumping and bumping OONCE-OONCE-OONCE from the g.d. stupid nightclub 30 stories below TOTALLY RUINED that idea. It was SO LOUD out there, he literally had to keep the sliding glass doors shut the whole time, and had to sleep with earplugs in. Caveat emptor!! And it NEVER STOPS -- once the last addle-brained party whore stumbles out at 5am, the whole f*ckin' circus starts up again for Marquee's poolside Dayclub. Arrrrgrh! If you want to use your balcony at all, and be able to carry on a conversation while doing so, better git r done between 5-9am, as that appears to be the only time that place shuts down to swab up all the spilled vomit, piss and amniotic fluid.. . Another beef was the room service: it SUCKED! I tried to order something from the extremely limited menu only to be told "Oh, you must have the OLD room service menu...we changed it! Would you like us to bring you a new one?" Uh, YEAH!! It took them so long (40 minutes) to bring a new menu that I had already gone online, looked at it on their website, and placed my order. And it's a good thing I didn't wait -- because they brought us the SAME DAMN MENU again! The "old" one!!! So now we had two obsolete menus.. which really didn't matter, because the limited selection of shitty food was a disappointment anyway.. . My third and final beef was the WiFi connection. It is impossible to go online with an iPad (my friend and I tried on both of ours), and unless your laptop is directly plugged into the ethernet cable on the desk, you can't even stay online on a laptop very long before being kicked off, over and over. VERY annoying. . . In summary: if you want to enjoy your balcony, either get a room facing away from the Strip, or come here Mon-Weds when the stupid nightclub/dayclub is closed. Bring binoculars (or pay out the ass for the ones in the minibar). Don't order room service, and leave your iPad at home.
The hotel is very glitzy.  Was disappointed with the room because I thought it would be just as impressive as the initial walk through the casino was.  The beds are super comfy!. . Hung out at the bamboo pool all day this past Saturday.  The food was pretty good.  Don't get the shrimp cocktail!  They only give you three shrimps =/.  I got to try the cuban sandwich.  So delish!. . Ordering the drinks at the bar was such a pain.  The bartender was really slow and didn't put enough tequila in my overpriced margarita  :(  Never went back to order from the bar again and ordered drinks from our server.  The grape escape was pretty good.  . . The club at the hotel was pretty fun.  I liked how we didn't have to leave the hotel to party...
from beginning to almost end, the stay was wonderful. we got to the hotel at about noon and they were able to get us a room before check in. and allowing us to check in before check in time was great, but a complimentary upgrade to a terrace suite on the 60th floor was even better! the view was absolutely breathtaking!! they gave us a view of the entire strip and we were able to watch the bellagio water show from our room comfortably. the hosts were accommodating during check in and check out. the concierge was friendly. and the staff was always smiling. i loved it! . . the rooms: we had a one bedroom terrace suite so there were two tvs - one worked properly and the other one worked only half of its destiny. when we clicked the tv to show "tv" it went blank and we could only hear the dialogue/music. it was weird but it didn't really bother us as the other tv worked fine. i loved the "entering" and "leaving" light switches too. one click and all the lights in the room would turn on and off. it was so convenient. . . the bathrooms: i liked how it was all sectioned off. there was a door to the toilet. the main vanity area was open and spacious. and there was also a door to the shower and hot tub. the hot tub was right next to the window overlooking the strip so it was just heaven!! they offer c.o.bigelow toiletries and a toothbrush set. . the beds: soo comfy!!! i really wanted to take their pillows too. they were so big and fluffy and it gave me one of the best sleeps ever! everything was just so lush... . decor: everything was modern. the closets had the fornasetti wallpaper and i found a couple mini sewing kits, abstract art pieces around the room. ipod docks. and a half kitchen (everything but the stove). . . ****why the negative 2 stars?? after checking out, we had a couple hours before we had to get to the airport so we checked our bags in at the bellhop desk. i knew in my gut that i should've held onto our shopping bags instead of checking them in but i decided to have trust and trust that everything would be ok. NO, IT WASN'T!! my dslr camera was GONE! GONE! GONE! GONE!!! i'm still working with security to find out wtf happened to it. OMG!!!!!!!!!!!! i was devastated. i did have my point and shoot but these dslrs aren't cheap. and the memories are completely lost. i'm still hurt as you can tell and the security guy i'm working with has the nerve to ask "what's the rush?" OMG!! 1. it's an expensive camera. 2. i want it back so find it. 3. memories are gone. . . i have been going back and forth with the hotel and the off-site security regarding what exactly happened and within two weeks, i reiterated my story three times including step-by-step our movements and our descriptions. the hotel didn't even bother looking at the cameras the last time i asked. AND THEY HAVE STILL NOT LOOKED AT THE CAMERAS! then why ask!????!!!!??? i'm beyond irritated. this is the very very first time something like this has ever happened in any hotel i've ever stayed at (domestic and international) so i'm not taking this very well. a better system should be set in place. this is ridiculous. btw, b/w checking in and checking out our bags at the bellhop desk, there was only a 2hour and 10minute gap. that's not very long..
If you're over the age of 29, read this review! First off, this hotel is drop dead gorgeous. The suites, restaurants, bars, lounges all beautiful especially the Chandelier bar. Had dinner at DOCG, perfection. Room was very nice, staff super friendly. However, please know that this is currently the hottest spot for the ultra pretty under 30 crowd, I'd even say under 26 crowd. The Marquee club was very popular and it's patrons basically took over the entire 2nd floor public spaces including all the lounges. Hey if you're young an single, great but it was a tad too pretentious for this 40 year old.  Tried to get a chair by the pool at 10am, all of the poolside spots were taken and 80% were "reserved". A poolside bed will set you back $200, we were forced to find chairs on the second level areas, what a nice way to treat your guests! The hot tub was hijacked by obnoxious drunk douchebags by 10:00am, we left. This is a PARTY hotel, I much preferred the sophistication of the Encore. A word to my fellow homos, despite all the advertising in gay rags, there were only a rare few other gays spotted here, it's uber-straight!
I really wanted to love this place but my first impression of everything was not so fantastic. I called ahead to ask if they had a check in time, 3pm. Our flight was landing at 11 so they said if our room was ready, we could go in right away, otherwise, the bell desk would keep our luggage safe. It took FOREVER just to check in. The service was ridiculously slow. There were two lines for any front desk service. They didn't differentiate between people checking in or out. There were maybe 3-4 people/groups in front of us and it took around 40 minutes to talk to someone. Our room wasn't ready yet and I didn't mind. I know it's early so that's fine. We had booked a package deal that came with $50 dining credit so we figured we might as well eat lunch here. They gave us room keys and said that we would get a call once our room is ready and we could just head up to the room with those keys. Since we didn't have a room number, I asked if we'd still be able to eat at the buffet and charge it to our room to use up that dining credit. Yeah, sure..no problem. They can look it up by name. (We get to the buffet and this is totally not the case.) . . We eat lunch, go shopping...kill time. Still no call. By 3, I was getting pretty irritated since my feet were hurting from walking around and I just wanted to plop down in a soft bed. We head back to the desk to ask about our room and ta-da...they assign us to a room. So our room was ready...but we never get a call? Annoyance #1.. . We finally get to our room and the bathroom door handle is broken. Broken as in you can't lock it and every time you tried to slide it shut, it would fall out. Awesome. We call the front desk to inform them. We're not too picky, but we called just to make sure we wouldn't get accused of breaking it later on. You would think they'd notice that stuff like this is broken.... . Next, we try to connect our iPhones to the connectivity panel on the desk to play music on the TV. Won't work. I tried to control the room functions via the TV as well. Didn't work either. I was starting to get pretty irritated. I ask the hotel to fix it and they send IT up to our room. It takes him awhile to fix it, but it finally works. He also said that connecting your phone to the panel doesn't do anything but charge it and you have to use an auxiliary cable, which they normally provide, but are completely out of. Great! What's the point of that whole panel then? Annoyance #2.. . The shower was annoyance #3. I tried taking a warm shower and the temperature would not stay steady. I'd turn the knob up a little to make up for the chill in the water and it would turn scalding hot. Turn it back down, it would be warm for 2 seconds before getting cold. Repeated this process for the duration of the shower.. . Another gripe, there's no security at the elevators. They don't have elevators that serve only hotel guests which gets ridiculous when everyone wants to party at the new hotel and every elevator is packed. There is a card key device where you have to swipe your card before getting access to guest floors...but I never had to swipe my card once. So much for security? People would also hop into the elevators and just ask people to swipe them up to different floors. This is what I blamed for some drunkard pounding on my door several times (along with the doors of our neighbors) at 4 or 5 in the morning.. . The service was pretty bleh for a hotel that makes itself look like a giant boutique. They're a newer hotel and I understand that, but surely they should have worked out all the kinks with customer service and their technology systems by now. The rooms themselves were great and fantastic...but the service definitely left me underwhelmed. This is also a party hotel. I'm not sure how many of the people that filled the lobby area or 2nd floor were even staying at the hotel, but it was honestly party all the time. The crowd was pretty young. I would go so far as to say it was closer to the age range of 21-25. However, I'm not a fan of the Jersey Shore-esque, Ed Hardy crowds.
This place was extremely nice. Everything from the rooms down to the casino floor. I stayed here for a conference just 3 months after it opened and I loved that part of the experience. The best was really like a cloud. The bathroom was gigantic. It is definitely an upscale establishment.. . Then why did I just rate it 3 stars? My first night there, at around 2 in the morning, the fire alarm went off. I raced out into the hall and there were employees there that were checking for the source of the smoke. They promptly told me to go back into my room and that if anything was found, I would be notified.. . First off at 2 in the morning when I have a conference to attend in a few hours, I do not like to be dealt with in the abrupt manner that the employees dealt with me. I am out of it as I had been awoken from my sleep and to not be told what was going on was not fun. . . The next morning I decided to find out what was going on, so I sent  tweet to the Hotel's Twitter feed. I did this as they seem to be very active on Twitter and respond quite frequently. It took two tweets to get a response and they said they would look into it. This was Thursday morning.. . Saturday comes and I am in the airport, waiting to board my plane and i still hadn't heard anything. I sent one last, and very frustrated, tweet. I quickly got a response, pawning the blame off on hotel management not getting back to them. Within half an hour I had my response that it was a smoldering pillow. I think they had forgotten all about my request when this came back so quickly but i could very well be wrong there.. . If it wasn't for how nice the hotel is, I would have given this review a 2 star rating. As such, it will be hard to get me to go back. I hear the Aria is nice.
Mixed feelings... . . Pros: . This hotel is BEAUTIFUL! After walking into the lobby of a few other hotels, I was extremely happy with my choice! The swanky details used were so fun, and did not have the cheesy factor that some of the others displayed. The location is unbeatable! It is located in the middle of everything (including the walk overs). Our room had an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. The three pools had magnificent views, and the restaurants had amazing food! . . Cons: . I was told by a staff member that despite being open for only 6 months, they were on their 3rd director of housekeeping,and it showed! Our room was not cleaned the first day, and we had to call 4 times to get towels up to the room. We also found a roach crawling around. . Another misleading factor was Marquee, the night club/day club in the hotel. They claim they are NOT associated with the Cosmopolitan. If you go expecting to be treated like a guest of the hotel, don't bother.
This is a beautiful hotel; quite modern luxury. The rooms are great, the beds are unbelievably comfortable, the restaurants are perfect, and the pools are serene... during the week. However, on the weekends it turns into a giant party and stuff gets trashed. My stay here during the week was fabulous and fun and I received impeccable service. My stay here last weekend was just short of insanity.. . The lines to get into the Marquee club were out of control and the pools were so packed you couldn't even find a spot on the ground to lay a towel. Every time we went to our room there were bags of both dirty and clean towels lining the hallway as if someone just dumped the housekeeping cart. Then there was checkout... a complete nightmare as only 2 of the 6 elevators were running in our tower and we waited 30-40 minutes to cram on one (going up, mind you) just so we could stop at every floor on the way up and down to tell people we couldn't fit any more. Once in the lobby the angry crowd at the valet made us incredibly thankful for having self-parked.. . In summary, I will stay here again as long as they keep sending me promotional deals. However, it will only be during the week and it will only be this year because I imagine the entire place will need renovating by next year. Our bedside lamps were already falling off the headboard and the place is brand new!.
**NOT THE PLACE TO STAY IF YOU SUSPECT ANYONE IN YOUR PARTY IS A VOYEUR...NO JOKE!**. . A few years ago I traveled to California with some girl friends and one guy. We all stayed in the same room. He'd told us he was gay which turned out to be a lie. He was straight and just wanted to sneak some peeks at us in the nude. Brian, if you are still pulling that stunt then this is the hotel for you.. . When the sliding bathroom door is rolled shut, it is made so there is a big gap and someone on the outside of the door can peer in and get a full view of anyone sitting on the toilet. Worse, there is a big bay glass window in the bathroom which looks out into the rest of the room. There is also a a set of window blinds. However, the blinds are on the outside of the bathroom so anyone in the bedroom area can open them (or peek beneath the slats) and get a full view of everything... the toilet, shower and whirlpool tub. Maybe you all don't have a buddy like I did but many have friends and family members who like to snap indiscreet photos or videos and post them online so BEWARE!. . This also isn't a room for kids. There is a stocked mini-fridge that has mechanisms where if you move an item for more than 30 seconds it is charged to your room. There is also the same mechanism on the counter where the same thing happens if you move one of the many snacks. It would be too easy for little hands to grab a number of treats in no time at all. . . Another reason these rooms are absolutely horrible for kids is because of one of the nicest features... the open balcony we had overlooking the strip with lounge chairs where you can relax and take in an incredible view. There are some bars set along the balcony's wall, I assume so a tipsy adult won't topple over or to impede the same thing from happening to even a sober person leaning over too far trying to take a photo. But those bars are like a jungle gym to a kid and one could easily and quickly climb up and over.. . It's a beautiful hotel and room, the whirlpool tub was quiet even though it had powerful jets, and the bed was incredibly comfortable but some of the staff seemed dull. The free wi-fi didn't work nor did the helpdesk number. When I called the front desk about this the girl kept saying "uhhhhh" and finally said she'd send maintenance up who probably couldn't have helped if they'd even shown up which they didn't.. . 5 Stars if you want to play sexy peek-a-boo games from your room into the bathroom (funny... looking out across the balcony at Planet Hollywood  there is a gigantic mural of Holly Madison promoting Peep Show).. . 5 Stars if you want to peer in on someone in the bathroom without them knowing.. . 5 Stars if you like to be leered at while in the bathroom and pretend you don't know anyone is looking.. . 4 Stars if you want to stay in a beautiful trendy hotel with luxurious accommodations and a walk-on balcony with an excellent view of the strip...to hell with the cost.. . 1 Star if you relish privacy in your room from the other occupants.. . 0 Stars for kids (not safe).
Amazing hotel, terrible service!  That just about sums it all up.. . - Couple of great lounge / bar areas.  Chandelier lounge was pretty sweet. - Rooms are nicely furnished.  I'd make sure you're not staying in the same room as someone you don't know really well as you can see straight into the shower from the main room area. - Bamboo pool was great. - Gym area was really big BUT cost $15!!  Maybe this is the norm for Vegas, I don't know, but the last thing I need is any extra excuse not to workout and $15 / day to hit the weights definitely isn't helping. . - Service was SHITTY! Yes, so shitty that it gets all capital letters.  For starters when we checked in, there was only a line of like 3 people in front of us and it took 30 minutes - no joke.  Then when I finally did check in, the girl told me I was in a double queen room with a view of city center.  My response "Oh really, because my reservation here says I should be in a King with a view of the Bellagio fountains"  to which she got all offended and pulled the whole "well let me see what's in the system here".  550 key strokes on her screen and 15 minutes later, still nothing from her.  I finally got so annoyed that I said "just give me the freaking room you put me in so I can start drinking already"
This pizza place is a cool welcome change of pace to the 3rd floor of the cosmo which is a highend restaurant lovers dream.  This non assuming- no signage pizza place is flanked by Jose Andres Jaleo, Blue Ribbon sushi and surrounded by STK, Scarpetta, and Comme CA.  I stumbled across this pizza joint by accident after quite a few cocktails.  Its pretty authentic NY style pizza but gourmet pizza by no means.  Grimaldis is much better but this pizzeria is pretty good.  This pizza taste almost exactly like a street corner late night pizza joint in NYC which you would also frequent after a long night of drinking in Manhattan.  I had the mushroom pizza and the supreme pizza and both were above average and really good when you are hungry and drunk.  This is definitely a place that one my frequent when at the Cosmo......
Just returned from our 3-night stay at one of the strip's newest properties, the swanky Cosmopolitan.  Another reviewer stated that it's as if Sex in the City were a hotel.  I couldn't agree more :)  We're from Seattle and were looking for a fun place to celebrate my 40th.  I'm a frequent business traveler and Marriott Platinum member, so we stayed on points.  Overall we were very impressed with the design, artwork, food, and restaurant staff, but this hotel has problems with its front-of-house staff and housekeeping.. . (1) Concierge screwed up our airport shuttle reservation.  After waiting over an hour past our reservation time at the airport and multiple phone calls, gave up and hailed a $20 cab. . (2) Check-in clerk was rude and uncaring, even after explaining our airport wait.  No apology.  Not even a mention or a thank you for being a Marriott Platinum member.. . (3) Before departing for our first morning out on the strip, my wife hangs a "Clean Please" sign on the door.  When we return in the afternoon, we get a slip under the door saying they skipped our room per our request.  Seems housekeeping didn't even read the sign and just assumed it was a "Do Not Disturb".  Prior to heading out for our show, we call and ask for a cleaning.  When we return later that night, the room had visibly been cleaned, but no replacement washcloths or hand-towels.  Baffling.. . The Good:. . - Stunning hotel, beautiful artwork throughout. - Outstanding rooms and tech - control lighting/climate through the TV! . - Great restaurants and top-notch servers (found out later they were unaffiliated with the hotel). -Great bartenders in the Chandelier Bar - extremely friendly, know their booze, and were just plain fun to talk to. . The Bad:. . -  Wi-Fi almost useless in our room (2606).  Only got connected once the entire stay.. - Loud at night - thumping bass until early in the AM coming from their night-time spot, The Marquee Club.. - This hotel seems to be for the Paris Hilton or Jersey Shore wannabee crowd - lots of young kids doing what young kids do - getting hammered and yelling at the tops of their lungs in the hallways at 5am (no kidding).  If you're in this age range, perhaps this is a positive?. - EXPENSIVE!  Don't stay here if you're on a tight budget.  Thankfully we stayed on points and could afford to spend the extra $$$.. - Our room was in the West Tower, overlooking the City Center and Crystal shopping center - horrible view.  As other reviewers have pointed out, be sure to ask for an East Tower room overlooking the Bellagio fountains.. . In summary, I think this hotel is still trying to figure out the hotel business.  They have all the ingredients to be the best on the strip - brilliant location, awe-inspiring design, classy restaurants with friendly servers/bartenders - but the first person you meet is the check-in staff and that alone nearly ruined our entire experience, along with incompetence and lack of followup from the concierge desk.  It wasn't until we interacted with the rest of the folks onsite that we really began to have a good time.  I wouldn't mind checking them out again in a year or two to see if they've matured, but if I end up going back to Vegas prior to that, I'll likely stay at a comparable property, like the Bellagio or Wynn's.
Beautiful, sexy, stylish, hip. A must stay hotel. My previous stand-by hotel was The Hotel at Mandalay Bay, but the Cosmo blows the doors off of The Hotel -- with insane opulence, a sext younger vibe, and attention to design details.. . However, that said... here are the negatives from my last (first) stay at the Cosmo (I had an upgraded 1BR suite):. . My room was on the 34th floor facing the pool area and the thumping house music was so loud from the club that I could make out every word from every song (and I like House music). Ear plugs didn't even help because I could FEEL the bass from every song. This went on until 5am! . . When I registered for the room, I asked for a QUIET room... maybe "quiet" is some sort of hip Cosmo slang for "loud"?. . Other missteps:. . - Living room TV didn't work. - Environmental system controls in BR TV didn't work. - No Movies -- menu item didn't work. - Maid didn't leave wash clothes after cleaning the room (!!). - Cigarette butts and ashes from previous occupant on balcony (nasty). - Fingernails (yuck) on floor... maid didn't vacuum after previous guest? (double-nasty). - Room service took over 1 hour to bring up a $25 burger. Should've ordered Dominoes. - Though the desk area in the room has all kinds of media hook-ups, strangely there was no way to charge my iPhone anywhere in the room. Even cheap hotels these days have docks.. - Coffee maker was broken. - No soap for the tub/shower (glad I brought my own body wash). . Overall, I'd describe this hotel as a "young hot chick". Sexy, and easy on the eyes, but when you look a level deeper the flaws start to show. I think the Cosmo is afantastic place, it just needs to grow up a little.
I just spent my second visit at The Cosmopolitan. It's a beautiful hotel and the view from the high floors is breathtaking. The biggest problem is housekeeping. The room was dirty. They put my dirty glasses back without washing them. They never cleaned my bathtub. It had gunk in it. The mini-blinds were dusty and there was cigarette ashes all over my patio. But all hotels are dirty so I just expect it. . . Someone hit my car in valet and the valet managers were very nice and polite. I got locked out of my room and the front desk staff and managers were not as accommodating. I had to wait and hour for my keys and they didn't apologize or give me something for my wasted time. Then I had to call security for a loud party going on at 2:30 am next door. Again no apology.. . If you don't like crowds of young people (30 and under) I would suggest another hotel. They have pretty much taken over this hotel. Its very loud and congested. If you want a beautiful, quiet hotel I suggest The hotel at Mandalay Bay or the Vdara. But they don't have the views like The Cosmo. No matter what room you stay in with a North or East view you will hear the Chateau at The Paris' music all day and night.. . The Wicked Spoon buffet is a must. It's the best in Vegas. If you can go Monday-Friday you will save some money. Weekends aren't that much different, for the price difference.
I just stayed here and had an amazing time. The view of the Bellagio Fountains from the room was spectacular and the room itself was huge. I did have a few issues with the service however, which seems to be a trend based on the reviews below.. . - Asked for our room to be cleaned multiple times one day, it never got cleaned.. - The bouncers at Marquee are rude. They do not treat hotel guests with respect and it negatively impacts the experience.. . Overall, great and trendy hotel. Next time though, if I want a more relaxed experience, I may go for the Bellagio.
Meh.  . . Even if we had the wrap-around premium view suite all to my boyfriend & me, view of Bellagio fountains with balcony & Japanese soaking tub, it was pretty amazing, though I wasn't impressed.  . . I guess I'm partial to another hotel on the strip, and I guess it's cause they charged us for even using the gym, the pools were way too packed, and the mini-bar was never to be touched.  Hah. . . I had an amazing time, but the hotel room could be better. . Call me bougie.
I just got back from a weekend bacehlorette party at the Cosmopolitan and, though I would love to give it five stars because the suite we stayed in was amazing, there were so many issues with it that I had to settle for three.  When we arrived, we realized that the air conditioner didn't work at all and was just recycling the hot air throughout the rooms.  We called down to have it fixed and they sent up an incredibly helpful mechanic, but hours after he worked his magic, it seemed to be back to recycling hot air again and did so for the rest of the weekend.  This wouldn't have been a huge problem if it wasn't the middle of the summer and 105 degrees outside.  We also had issues with our refrigerator, which wasn't working, and had to have it replaced...THEN we ended up waiting for an hour and a half to get linens for our pullout bed in the middle of the night.  They kept telling us that housekeeping was incredibly busy, but we didn't understand how that could possibly be the case when it was three o'clock in the morning and our entire floor was practically empty.. . After the bachelorette complained to the manager, however, we were offered complimentary breakfast from the resident buffet restaurant, Wicked Spoon, which was absolutely amazing.  Best gourmet buffet brunch I have ever had by far.  . . I would definitely recommend the hotel once it's had gotten a little more established.  I think it's still new and working through the kinks but has the potential to be pretty amazing.
Justin Timberlake definitely brought "sexy back" because as soon as you walk into this place, that's what you feel. Sexy. This place, I have to admit, is very beautiful and nicely decorated.. . But if you're here to gamble, make sure to have big money because it's very expensive to gamble here.. . First thing is first, go get your "Identity Card" (the players card)  As soon as you get this, they give you $10 for free to go gamble, yes $10 for free to gamble. Go to the slots, put in a dollar to activate it and good luck.  I won $10 with this card.  So I made $1 into $10.  Yay me :). . The slots machines here are about .40 cents and up.  There's very few machines that are .1 cent.  The tables are about $10  minimum.  If you have the cash, go andgamble your money but if you're looking for a little less to pay, go and get your Identity card, spend it and go somewhere else cus this place gets pricey.  Its great to go and have a look because this place is of course, gorgeous to check out.
the pool here is amazing, especially because its outside over looking the strip! beautiful scenery, and there are different pools which was interesting. There are a lot of little cabanas and lounging beds that are so nice to relax on in the beautiful Vegas weather.
I was really excited to stay at Cosmo because it's the place to see and be seen on the strip. It's convenient to Marquee and restaurants such as STK. The lobby and casino are very modern and avant garde. I was expecting this decor to extend to the hotel rooms but I was mistaken.. . First the hallway to our hotel room smelled of ongoing construction. The ice room also had a horrible stench. The hotel room itself was spacious but the decor seemed totally random, as if everything was an after thought. The rooms were decorated with 70's inspired patterns (think Jonathan Adler / Palm Springs). It looks nice now but could become obsolete within a matter of years. . . The bathroom was big, but the lighting was poor. The shower also is exposed to the bedroom, which was really awkward. There's a shade that covers the length of the shower window but can only bedrawn or pulled down by the outside (i.e. not by the person showering). Awkward. . . The main reason why my friends and I wanted to stay at Cosmo was that we wanted to be conveniently close to Marquee. As hotel guests, we expected to get comped entrances into the club but apparently it doesn't matter if you're a hotel guest. We got into the club for free because we were on the guest list, but we had no additional advantage by staying at the hotel. . . Overall, I'm glad to have added this hotel to my checklist of hotels I've stayed at in Vegas, but I'm not compelled to stay here again. Pick it up, Cosmo.
Being one of the newest hotels on the strip I was expecting a lot.  The decor inside is nice and they have fancy touch screens everywhere.  The lobby is amazing with these crazy digital pillars with screens covering its entirety.. . Once you get over the glitz and glam and actually get into the room, its just okay.  The window in our room had all kinds of nasty grease stains on it, like someone pushed their face against it but the cleaning people didin't clean the windows.  There was also some hair in our bathroom, disgusting.. . My friends' room had a coke bottle left in it and the windows was in a similar condition.  We asked to have the room re-cleaned, but no one came.. . The beds were decent, but the phone is high tech, controlling the lighting and temperature as well, the interface was kinda clunky and slow though.    The phone it self was pretty crappy, had echos while calling people and felt like the phone had some part seriously broken in it and clanking around when using it.. . Still a decent hotel, great since Marquee, the hottest club in vegas is jsut downstairs and hotel guests have a special line to go in.  But if its a saturday, its still hectic to get in.. . I think the hotel is too high tech for its own good maybe, I even had a hard time checking out from my room and gave me errors.  Great location and facade, but the cosmo wouldn't be my first choice of hotels.
I stayed at this hotel for a Bachelorette Party weekend and we were left disappointed.  The hotel itself... is immaculate! There are so many blinged out touches that you are just left in awe.  The stores are a unique and I walked through each one, wanting something from every place I went to.  Also, everything is automated here.  The parking stalls each have a light that changes from red to green if the stall is taken or available.  The rooms are also controlled on a master system so that lighting can be turned on/off from the television, a master switch at the entrance or by the front desk when someone checks in/out. The best part had to be the Marquee nighclub/dayclub.  This would be the only reason I would want to come back to this hotel.. . A couple things I didnt like:. . *HORRIBLE SERVICE - The best service came from their valet/bell boys.  Seriously, these guys were friendly and on top of their stuff.  The front desk needs to be put in check.  We had people that got checked in to rooms that already had other guests in there, we asked for adjoining rooms and were switched rooms multiple times because they could not figure this out and we were delivered an incorrect room service order which they would not credit until they physically came to our room to investigate it.  This was at 2am ... and we had to stay up and wait for someone to come to the room because they couldnt credit a sandwich.. . *HORRIBLE SIGNAGE - I guess this place was intended to be used for residential condos but you can never figure out where you're going.  There are multiple pools and there's no way to figure most of them out without asking someone.  The pool we were trying to get to was on a floor shared by the conference center, had no signs pointing you in the right direction when you got out of the elevators and you had to go out a set of doors that looked like an emergency exit to another set of doors that didnt mark that a pool was there.. . I think the hotel in general needs new management but the pool and the valet/bell service were phenemonal.
The Cosmo is a beautiful hotel. It is quite different from many of the other "traditional" hotels in Las Vegas. It reminded more of a w hotel. It is a really hip place. . . I loved the restaurant that served the buffet. It's called the wicked spoon. I highly recommend it. It opens in the morning and serves a series of breakfast, lunch and dinner all day. I will write about it later.. . The Cosmo's gym is hardly a spa though they call it that. I went to the "spa" in the west building and the east wing. All I saw was a small washroom, and the equipment though new was very medic ore. It certainly was not life fitness or another premium brand. The east wing gym is 24 hours, so if you don't gamble and you decide to work out, at least the gym is open.. . The rooms, we had a upgraded room. It was still sized small, thus the w analogy. It was new , clean and very modern. If you are there with you wife or husband, it is really great for intimacy. The washroom and shower are fully open. I liked that especially because it is Vegas. Note, you can put the blinds down if you want. The toilet btw, is fully enclosed so you can have privacy.. . Here is what I thought really stunk. Every floor is accessed by your key card. Well, it was a lot of work to fit the key in the slot. I had all sorts of problems have g my card read. So did others. I missed my floor a couple of times or the elevator went down when I wanted to go up. Even more dumb, is that this security measure is a joke. Once you put one key card in the slot, everyone can press any floor. So what is the point other than it causes this rush to punch your floor. Absolutely stupid.. . Service was also terrible. I had front of the line status for checkout. Even with that, on Sunday they had one person at checkout. It took 45 minutes to check out. You have to be kidding! As a heads up, you line up for everything, including the Wicked Spoon (30-45 minutes). . . Service is also poor ,and the famous I moved drinks in the fridge but did not drink from the bar fridge charges are frustrating.. . If you like to shop, there are many great stores within 5 minutes of walking. . . So the Cosmo is clean and very different from the Wynn as an example. It will only get better with time. But expect delays and a few disappointments.
3.5 stars.  Needless to say this hotel is new and trendy which seems mainly designed to target the younger crowd of travelers.. . What i like most is the hotel is located in the middle part of the strip this means so easy to get to other major hotels by cab fairly cheap.  It has good combination of restaurants (like both pizza & burger plceas, please see seperated reviews).  The room is over 600 sq. ft, the most spacious one we have ever stayed in Vegas.. . What really so so part is service.  1. the front desk staff isn't familar with the discount they offer such as MS Prime Card. 2. check in is very slow 3. the hotel offers Match Play however the dealer doesn't know about it at all 4. the housekeeping service doesn't exist.  No one clean our room until the early evening before we check out.  Obviously they are very understaffed.  5. the room isn't clean enough for a 4-5 stars hotel standard, we saw coffee stain on the mini bar menu card, the glasses are not sparkling clean, the bar soap was in a damaged box 6. room maintenance is lacking, we had chipped furniture and broken drawers in our room, this is quick shocking considering how new this hotel is.
The Cosmopolitan is definetly a hotel that I was missing in Vegas. If you are European, you possibly hate all those same looking, sand colored, old fashioned rooms, most hotels provide here.. At Cosmopolitan you'll find design rooms, still a bit to earth colored for me and not as fancy as you know from other "design" places, but contemporary and neat looking. It's 2011 and not 1998.. Positive:. I had a wrap-around suite, East Tower, great balcony view, nice rooms, large bathroom, kitchen (useless but cool), washing machine, flat screens etc. All in all perfect for a deluxe stay.. Negative: . The Marquee night/day club is most annoying. Sure, we like to party hard, but the outside soundsystem hammers the building really loud with full bass power from 10am until 4am in the morning. Even if you don't have a light sleep, this can give you a hard night. So I agree with the folks, who complained here.. It also happened, that a daily soap was shot at one of the pools and, if you liked to stay, you were forced to sign an approval to give away your picture rights. Some people might like this attention, but I preferred to move to the West Tower pool. I expect getting paid if somebody takes my picture for tv!. Quality management would help, as you pay a high price for your room at The Cosmopolitan. Earplugs from the service team are definetly the wrong way.. Wi-fi is slooow, but free, what is not normal in Vegas hotels.. Check-in took a while - but it was labor day weekend. Check out easy per TV from the room. All in all, I'll try another one next time.
One of the newer Hotels on the Strip . Home to the Marquee Club. Wicked Spoons their in house Buffet is quite good . Hotel seems to have a lot of floor space that is Unfinished . . . Pool on the Roof is Nice and Big and boasts a good view of the Strip . . . I like the other Hotels that seem to feature more amenities.
One word to describe Cosmo, OVERRATED! . *sorry long review, need to rant!*. . When I first walked in I was consumed by the glamour of the lobby. They have these pillars with led screens continuously changing, which is pretty cool and kills time looking at while waiting in the long check-in line. . . It went downhill after that.... The first room we checked in to, we thought it was small and average. Upon examining closer, the floors were filthy. The house cleaner somehow forgot to vacum and clean the floors in the bathroom. It was soooo nasty, there was so much hair everywhere and not just hair that comes from the head if you know what I mean. . We called and they quickly switched our room.. . Next room; TV didn't work, scale didn't have batteries, and there was this huge white stain on one of the chairs, GROSS! Got the chair switched. When the technician came to fix the TV, he asked how we liked the room, we said ehhh and the first thing he said was "housekeeping?" If they know it's a problem then fix it! This hotel cost $15 billion to be built  and they cant afford good housecleaners?!?!. . Still gave it 3 stars since the rest of the hotel is beautiful (besides the guest rooms), great restaurants, very convient (walk ways to City Center and Planet Hollywood). I just will never stay there again.
This review is not really for the hotel but the Deadmau5 show. . The hotel lobby itself is very well done. Super modern, super glam, and when we considered booking here super pricey too. . . This is definitely the creme de la creme for Marriott Rewards Points hotels. Yes, folks it's part of the Marriott Rewards "Autograph Collection" of hotels.  I think you need like 1 billion points to stay one night.  Kidding aside they have done a superb job with the look and vibe of this newer Vegas resort.. . There was an amazing performance in one of the lobby bars from a bada** chick on the drums. I would go back to see her again in a heartbeat!. . . Now for the Event  -. I felt like a rat in maze trying to find the location for this performance if you can call it that. There were way too many halls, escalators, and elevators to deal with & NO WHERE TO SIT DOWN!!!!!!!  Get real cause I am not paying several thousand dollars for an over-rated table behind some concert barricade. You must be crazy! We already felt bent over paying $180 to see this trick.. . With so much hype and anticipation (we heard this guy's music was life changing) leading up to this show I found myself saying this guy better blow the roof off!! . . Note to self: don't wear 5 inch heels ever again. Damn, I wish I could still pull off my raver pants and sneakers. ha ha . . Note to self: always remember to pack slip on flats for a night out in Vegas, especially if you decide to be a slave to fashion. Your feet will thank you.. . Note to self: shows in ball rooms SUCK BALLS!! Hands down one of the WORST venues ever and I have been to some pretty sketch places. It just wasn't conducive to a good show. . . Note to self ---it is not a good idea to walk down the strip from Lavo even in comfy shoes to the Cosmo. It's much further than it looks and your mood will not be brighter.  Save your feet and get a cab. . . Sorry - I am no fanboy for the mau5. He may fool the dumbed down masses who think Katy Perry has talent, but not me or my crew. It's sad because I really wanted to like him.. . His deep base is bad ass, but not consistent, and churning out disjointed high pitched noise that you can't dance to at 3am --- when the party should be jumping hardcore is a big NO NO!! Save that for experimental small shows not the main event Saturday night of LDW.. . We should've gone to Afrojack! :-(. . Any DJ that comes to the stage from 2-4am no doubt needs to be slamming the beats. Only hardcore mau5 heads will feel like this show wasn't a letdown. . . Too much dead time, too much warm up DJ, and Paris Hilton gyrating her hasbeen a** on stage - Really??? Need I say more? bleh. . That's the best your headliner can do? I mean at least have some professional dancers.. . Maybe he is too edgy or futuristic or maybe he is just a fraud in a mask. Only time will tell. All I can say is he certainly is no DJ Monk who was bringing the sound of the underground to the masses long before roadkill hit the stage.. . Oh and you can take your $6 dollars for a cup of H20 and shove it!
Great rooms. Restaurants and bars in this hotel are very good.. . Although the Cosmopolitan has been open for nearly a year they just don't have it together yet. . . The lines to check in or out at chaotic. I was unable to get a final statement when leaving as the front desk was a mob seen. A trip to the front desk to get an extra key took 25 minutes.. . There was no facility to print boarding passes or at least none that any of the employees knew about. We left an extra hour early and had our boarding passes printed at the airport. . . A cab driver told us they avoid the hotel of traffic congestion, making the line long and slow. . . There were times we waited 15 minutes or more for an elevator to squeeze into. Many would stop at absolute capacity. . . I am told this building was intended to be condos rather than a hotel. This may explain the difficult approach for the cabs and the seemingly insufficient number of elevators. Residents would likely not be coming and going as often as visitors. . Thus would be a good place to stay on weekday but not during busy times.. . Out suite had a washer and dryer, full kitchen great view and good view. I would stayhere again if they fixed the front desk and added six more elevators in the West tower.
Definitely the Chicest and hippest hotel on the strip. Beautiful decor, The most gorgeous array of couches right where all the restaurants are upstairs.Pictures galore for us who like to take it! Seems like Wolfgang Puck has the highest dibs on this place, I noticed two of his restaurant and cafe was here and they're both beautifully matching the entire theme of the hotel. . The hotel rooms? Aint cheap...I checked and it was $300 for a normal regular size room. I'm not sure if this is their normal rate (certain events hike up the prices like boxing event and such). Definitely worth checking out!
Didn't stay here but this place gets the bizness because it has Spanish 21!!!!!!
Convenient location, not very impressed with detail of cleaning service crew or concierge service. Spacious standard room, slick and modern but not at par with JW Marriott or W hotels. Price was very reasonable.
Excellent room with view of the Belagio fountains. Hotel itself was not fantastic. The restaurants were good, but the design is confusing and inconsistent. Make sure you get a room in the east tower facing the Bellagio.
I stayed at the Cosmopolitan while I was in Vegas for the SEMA convention.  I was definitely impressed when I walked it.  It felt like a nightclub- dark, with crazy lighting, hip, and modern.  However, after a couple of days, it started to get old and overwhelming.  I'm the type of person who likes bright lighting and space (i.e. the Bellagio).  The fact that this hotel was built as a skinny, vertical building next to the Bellagio made the hallways appear very narrow.  Don't get me wrong, the hotel is nice, and the rooms were very futuristic (you can control the lighting of the room by pressing a simple button on the phone) with awesome views facing the Strip and Bellagio Fountains (which was gorgeous at night), but I wouldn't go back. Been there, done that.
Over all this hotel is beautiful, has so much potential.  We stayed 3 nights W-Sat.. We were on the 26th floor east tower.  I was disappointed to know the Marquee nightclub is outside on the weekends and is open until 4:30 am.  We paid the most for that night and had to listen to the club music echo off the building. It sounded like the party was on our balcony.  I called down to the front desk, they did offer to move us but they didn't have a room free.  They did offer us ear plugs.  But we paid a lot of money for our room i should be able to go to sleep in a quiet room.  I called about something at least twice a day.  It shouldn't be this way for a 5 star hotel.  We have stayed at Aria and Bellagio twice.  I don't think I would return here.  Other thanits pet friendly I would come back MAYBE with my dog.  It's a great place to hangout and party then go back to a clean quiet room. . Customer Service:  I would say they did the best they could do with the amount of complaints they receive.  They comp'd us for our troubles.  They clearly are coached on what to say, I  can only imagine the number of complaints they get.. . Room: When we checked in the room was filthy.  The ash tray on the balcony was still filled. Glasses looked like they were just whipped down with a towel and ever replaced.  There were light bulbs missing from the room, the remote for the tv had the batteries taken out, scale in the bathroom didn't work. (not that i want to weigh myself on vacation, but i expect things to work) We called daily about things not being cleaned in our room.  Every morning the maid would knock on the door at 9:00 am asking to clean the room. the sign was on the door but they insisted to clean the room now.  We eventually stopped answering the door.  The towels were never replaced.  Sometimes they were just left on the floor.  AND we left the maid a tip every day.    We returned one afternoon to find a cigarette butt on the floor EWWWW we don't smoke.  The Internet was not working, you shouldn't have to pay for wireless these days.  Its  15.00 a day.  The air jets in the tub would turn on randomly.. . Food: The wicked spoon was GREAT well worth the money.  Brunch they offer all you can drink bloody mary's and mimosa's with the purchase of a beverage.  Great deal.  The word on the street its one of the best buffets, people know it so you get a lot of outside traffic.  Expect to wait in line in peek hours.'. . Overall I think the hotel staff is very green, they need to revamp the house keeping staff and do something about the nightclub. The rooms are expensive on the weekend, people shouldn't have to deal with that.  Or warn people on the weekends that they can opt to a different room.
I was excited to go to the Cosmopolitan Hotel and I booked. Terrace Suite.  The suite was beautiful and overlooked the fountain at the Billagio Hotel.  I was very disappointed with the check in process as it took them 4-5 hours to get you in your room.  Thegaming is really bad there and the clientele is a younger group on the weekends.  What was disgusting to me was seei g all the young hoochie mamas dressed like street walkers and throwing up all over the place because they drank too much.  I liked the hotel but don't think I will go back again.
Very nice decor and ambiance.  If you are just walking through to gamble, be aware that the doors you walk in are the doors you exit.  I made the mistake of walking the whole of the casino and trying to get out the other side, just to be told that I had to walk all the way back to the front of the building to get out.  I believe it was about 50-60 miles, or there abouts.
My first stay at the Cosmo was just ok.  For being such a new hotel/casino I couldn't believe the amount of wear to our room.  . . I'm a huge fan of the eye candy that the Cosmo has to offer...but once you pass the lobby into the elevators it's just another hotel.  I'm not trilled that I have to walk to the back of the property to get to my room from the strip.  Our room was nice but there were little things that didn't make it any better.  For example there are A LOT of marks throughout the room.  The cleaning staff never gave us more shampoo/conditioner for a 3 night trip.  . . My biggest complaint is the amount of noise I can hear from my room.  You can hear the music from the Marque at night and the emergency vehicles from the street.  It seems like all the noise is trapped on W. Harmon by the surrounding buildings. . . Next time I'll ask for a room that faces the bellagio.
Stayed from the 5th through the 8th of December for a conference. I go to Las Vegas a couple of times a year and was looking forward to staying here.  The trouble started with check in. My admin had double checked the account, etc, however, when we got there, I had to practially start from scratch. Whomever at the hotel was in charge of the conference, didn't do a very good job of doing the double checking that we asked them to do.. . Room was beautiful, but very dusty. Great amenities, though could not get either of the flat screens to work. Even the guy who came up couldn't  figure out what was wrong and said he would send up an engineer. I was out for the rest of the day, and the tv never did get fixed. One of my fellow conferencees discovered an old sock that wasn't his when he moved something and others never had their glassware changed out.  Check out was easy, though.. . Highlights...Wicked spoon Buffet is awesome. . Good restaurants, though very pricey..  Easy to get around in if you are in any way disabled..everything is close, including the conference area... GREAT VIEWS . I won a bunch of money. . Lowlights, poor attention to detail by housekeeping and the blaring music in the restaurants even at 6:45 am..  . I kept thinking that it was a new hotel and they haven't gotten the kinks out yet. Very much geared towards a younger crowd than a group made up of a board of directors!!
Finally I get to write a review i honestly feel is not 5 stars.A group of about 10 friends stayed here over the weekend and The rooms were cold, the suites were awesome, thought not quite worth the price. The elevator keys were annoying since they could get you to any floor, almost pointless. The parking was free which was pretty awesome. Our tv was hit or miss for actually working, we had to call a maintenance man at one point. It took 2.5 hours for him to show up too..... Anyways if you have an iphone just forget about it working. I mean its not even worth trying. All of us were texting each other and receiving various messages hours later. making a phone call was worthless so we resorted toland lines. . If all you want is comfy beds and blinds that shut out the sunlight this is the place for you. everything else was hit and miss
I used to think this hotel was one of the best...but the service to the room either has downgrade since the last time i was here. First, its ridiculous to put somone through a $300 security deposit for 2 nights when you come to your room and furniture is already broken, the tv doesnt work, and the light in the bathroom (that took 2 hrs to come and fix after they were called). Besides that the room was nice the hotel itself.
review is only for the Casino.. . tight, tight slots (heh heh).  i did the $100/$100 promo with Identity Club, lost my initial $100 in about 10 minutes, and played through most of the $100 free play before realizing that the return on the 20+ machines I played was very minimal.  Often-times you find one that will give you a nice little bonus every so often, but I never found one, here.  Rated the best Casino in Vegas?  Only for looks and vibe.  Not for gaming.
Went here with a few friends in December so I can't review the pool.  We had a great time at this hotel and the scene is definitely similar to hard rock.  The rooms are superficially nice (they are made with cheap materials), the elevator was having issues, as well as several slots in the casino.  Seems like they still have some kinks to work out there.  Besides that, the pizza is awesome, there is a great coffee shop, and and several other good restaurants.  I would definitely recommend the hotel to young people looking to party but have a feeling this place will be destroyed in a few years.
Very young crowd and very crowded. Drinks at some of the bars are OK. Didn't gamble there so can't tell ya how that is.
The Cosmopolitan is trendy, upscale and awesome to just gawk at.  We parked in their garage and red/green lights tell you which spots are open. Crazy awesome.  The lobby is gorgeous with giant pillars that are screens.  They must be 15 feet high at least.  The Chandelier Bar which covers three floors is beautiful with it's draped beading.  It does not have a large casino like you see at the MGM or Bellagio.  The casino isn't the reason you go to the Cosmopolitan.  The atmosphere is the reason you go.  The restaurants, the clubs, the shops...everyone is dressed to impress and ready to party.. . We stayed at the Cosmopolitan for 1 night at the end of a 4 night stay because I wanted to see what it was like and used Marriott points.  Check-in was sloooooow.  We waited for 22 (yes 22 exactly) minutes in a line with 2 people and 2 individuals working the desk.  No idea how that happens but the gentleman in line with me said it was his second time waiting that long in two days.  Yikes.. . The room was nice.  It's what I'd call a junior suite.  The king sized bed was separated from the sitting area by a half wall.  The room had a kitchenette and a gorgeous bathroom.  There were neat touches like coffee table books and ecletic artwork.  The overall feel is trendy and slightly artsy.  However... the kitchenette does not include a single dish.  There are 4 glasses like you'd get in any hotel but no coffeemaker, not a pot, pan, or utensil to be found.  So why a kitchenette?  You can get utensils, for a price.  The room wasn't so clean.  It was clean at first glance but your feet would turn black from walking on the carpet and tile.  The walls and curtains had stains.  Not what you'd expect from one of the most expensive hotels on the strip.  . . The noise...holy cow.  I expected noise because it was a sold out hotel in Vegas.  I didn't expect 3 am walls vibrating noise.  Marquee, the main club at the hotel, is located in between the towers and the noise travels up the glass facade and into your room.  I'm glad Tylenol PM knocks me out because while I enjoy a late night in Vegas, the fact that I was on the 32nd floor and could still hear the club quite clearly...ridiculous!!. . Summary - looks awesome, great to visit, just don't stay.
Wonderfully kitschy chic.. . Many people dressing like people they see on TV in Vegas. Self-fulfilling prophecy and very fun.. . Chandelier Bar, GoGo Bar are both great.. . Milos and Scarpetta are also very serviceable, in fact the service is better than the food.
The rooms are super pimp! No question. . . Service: I had to wait 30 minutes for security to let me in my room b/c the front desk didn't activate my key correctly. Front desk staffing & Bag check lines were insane. The house keeping ladies were great and even hooked me up with some beer from another room (no, i'm not beneath that). . The service in the Chandalier bar was God awful even when not busy. . . Holsteins & the Henry had good service. . . Cool place but they need to reexamine their service
Pet friendly, and if booked at the right time, prices are reasonable. Decor is nice but it doesn't have great, good quality furnishings like the Bellagio or the Wynn/Encore. . Customer service is poor. Requests were denied as if their policy is very strict, unlike any other vegas hotels. Request for extra blankets took over an hour, late check out was denied w/o checking the system, additional charges were on our bill for comped buffet that our package came with. . Stingy with drinks at the sports betting. They say for every $100 bet you get a drink voucher. Really?? I get free drinks watching sports w/o betting at every other hotel... . . Only good thing at the cosmo is the "secret pizza place" Get the sausage and peppercini one. Its good!. . I foresee when the hype runs out, it'll be like a planet hollywood... cheap and fun for the younger crowd.
This hotel is flashy, sleek and will look horrific in about 5 years. Much like the original Mirage, you feel like they cut corners getting this once condo project finished and turned into a quasi-Marriott. (You get Marriott points, but it does not feel Marriot-like).. . The service is horrible and I almost moved to the Wynn, mid-trip, but figure I could endure this. The rooms are really nice and I was put on the 62nd floor (which is fake and maybe about 35 floors up). The TV controls the lights, thermostat etc. Every room has a balcony which seemed rare for Vegas.. . Way too much smoke on the floors and throughout the hotel cause poor ventilation. . . If this place went non-smoking and improved their service, they be at least a 4 star hotel, easily!
If I could I would give this place 0 stars because their casino took all my money. lol But to be fair, I thought the rooms were very nice and clean.  Quite roomy and the bathroom was nice and big.  Even though we couldn't get the room with the terrace, which usually is the standard room, it was still ok.  I love how the bathroom was decorated and on top of that they supply the bathroom with Kiehls products for men and women! Nice touch Cosmopolitan!  Only problem I had with this hotel, actually its not a problem just more of an inconvenience is that there was so much free space.  Lots of big sitting areas with statues.  Lots of wasted space I'd say.  I kept getting lost too because apparently there's several different elevator areas.  It took me forever to find the shopping area from the buffet.  I think they need to use that wasted space for something that will bring in revenue.
We finally stayed at the Cosmopolitan. We've been there numerous times, enjoying drinks at The Chandelier, eating at various places, watching music at Book and Stage, etc. But, with an offer of a free room, we finally booked a weekend.  The shortest version of our impression of the place: Inconsistent.  Some things are awesome (the music played throughout the casino, the cool vibe, terraces overlooking the city, certain employees were super friendly and helpful, and the aforementioned places) whereas other things were so mediocre/bad that I don't think they'll get any of my hotel or gambling $ in the future. With free rooms available to us at The Palazzo (which has better service and more gambling options), why would I spend hundreds on a room to receive unacceptable service?  This is part of an email I sent to The Cosmopolitan, letting them know about the good & bad parts of our stay:. . -Housekeeping needs a bit of work. We didn't have all our towels replaced, nor did the housekeeper take out all our trash; glasses were left behind after the room was 'cleaned.'  . -We also received mediocre service from most of the cocktail servers, and flat-out terrible service from 2 in particular; I wish I had their names.  Both instances occurred Saturday night (Feb 18th); the first a little earlier in the evening (6ish) and the second later in the night (around 10ish). The 1st server had darker hair that got lighter at the bottom (ombre-style) and had a piercing on her face.  She was generally unpleasant to start, but I ordered a Ketel Soda with Lime and asked for a bottle of water. She returned with the drink and no water. After tipping her $2, I received an indifferent response. After she walked away I tasted my drink and it was unfortunately incorrect. I realize that isn't necessarily her mistake; I flag her down & let her know that instead of vodka with soda water, it's vodka with sprite. She gives me a dirty look and says, "It is?" like I'm making it up or something. No apology, no 'let me fix that for you,' nothing. So I say "yes, it is. May I have one that is correct please? And, can I get a water?" She finally returns and says, with a smirk on her face, "Do you want to taste that?" Of course I do. It was fine, but the 15 minute process, full of her poor attitude put a damper on the festive environment going on downstairs; it is not conducive to gambling!  The 2nd instance was worse! Later in the evening, my husband & I are gambling and an auburn/reddish haired server came over and asked if we needed drinks. He orders his & I order a cosmopolitan and a bottle of water. I am nothing, if not consistent =)  She returns a while later (it was busy, to be fair to her) with the drinks, and no water. We hand her $5 & I ask her about the water. She'll grab one, she says.  About 10 or so minutes later, she happens to come by to see if we needed more drinks (seeming to forget she never brought me the water), which we didn't, but I did ask her for a bottle of water. She returns a while later with the water and I say "thank you."  She just stands there for a second & asks if we need anything else, to which I respond "no, we're good." So she just stands there & then says, "Should I wait?" At this point I realize she's essentially asking for a tip, for the water I asked her 3 times for, & after she already got $5 for not bringing what we asked for originally.  So I say, "No, we're good." She honestly gave me the dirtiest look that I have ever received from someone I'm giving money to & says "ooooookay" with the bitchiest tone.  Honestly, if my husband wasn't winning on that machine & was going to want more drinks, she would have gotten an earful from me about her attitude; it is unacceptable to treat any customers like that. I am still angry about it now. With that kind of service, what is the point of spending money in your casino? I do love the ambience there, I love Book and Stage, I love the pizza place, etc., but I don't need to gamble there to enjoy those things.  Someone needs to handle servers like these so they stop driving customers away. When I'm spending good money & my night is ruined by terrible service, no amount of cool music or chic decor can make up for that.  Your cocktail servers need an attitude adjustment, or perhaps to not work with people.. . I felt someone needed to know so that you have a chance to make things right and preserve your customer base.. . So we receive a response from Carlo Chavez, a Resort Manager. His message thanks us, apologizes, & tells us he'd like to make things right. I contact him and his offer to 'make things right' consisted of "helping us make a reservation" & a room upgrade (for a room we're expected to pay full price for). No thank you, sir! Back to The Palazzo we go.  Beware of inconsistencies at The Cosmopolitan; they think they're too cool to be classy with service.
Came back to Cosmopolitan in February to celebrate a Birthday. . Had a one bedroom suite with soaking tub. Pictures on the internet looked cool, bathroom is weird! haha. I would most def recommend that room if you are traveling as a couple or if you are into watching people shower while you lay in bed...hey, Im not judging. ha. The shower has huge windows that look into the bedroom and over the tub there is no window..just some wood blinds/shutters. Nice sitting area with wet bar. Best part about the room was the closet area right outside the bathroom. Lots of mirrors, I like mirrors. haha. Once again, we did have an amazing view of the Bellagio fountains. I don't think I could stay in a room with a south facing view, I will say it is worth the upgraded price to get a fountain view. . The other half of our party had a huge wraparound terrace suite...eh...nice room but the largest party of the room is the entryway. Room wise, I wasn't too impressed. If you are going to get a suite, get a terrace suite (not wraparound). That room is by far my favorite set up. . . Enough about room..... . Since we were celebrating a Birthday I called ahead of time to purchase an in room gift amenity. Super easy to order and the girl on the phone was really nice. I ordered the Birthday gift amenity so I wanted it to bedelivered on the first night of our stay. Everything was set.. We got to the Cosmo....and of course the gift was not delivered to the room. Since it was a busy night I didn't get a chance to call down until the next morning and of course they told me that they did in fact deliver the gift. Ya, no. No gift in room. They told me they would send the gift up ASAP. Six hours later, the Birthday girl did receive her gift (which was a nice gift). All was well until the next morning when they checked their bill upon check out and noticed they were charged for the gift on their room...after I already paid for the gift two weeks prior. We had to make numerous calls to get the charges dropped off their bill and it still wasn't confirmed until after we checked out. One of the Concierge was nice enough to call and let us know the charges where finally taken off the bill.  BLAH. . So ya, I still like the Cosmo..there is no place on the strip like it but there are a few things they are lacking. I have faith they can fix the small things.
Stayed here over St. Patty's Day weekend with a girlfriend for a girl's weekend.  We normally stay atHarrah's properties for free but decided to switch it up when I got a comp offer for Cosmo which included a free room, $300 in food and $400 in free play.  Was not a huge fan of this place, even though the property itself is nice.  . . We had a resv for a terrace suite with 2 queen beds.  The lady who checked us in told me she was "upgrading" me to a terrace suite with a king bed.  Well, when I told her I should already have a terrace suite but with two queens (and I showed her the resv on paper from their resv dept) she told me that was impossible because the room didn't exist with queen beds.  I was very confused how that could happen and asked lots of questions!  A king bed with a pullout bed was not going to work for us ladies (I had just been to the chiropractor for a bad back/neck - wasn't sleeping on a pullout bed!!).  She kept insisting that there is not a terrace suite with 2 queen beds and then finally admitted that "ok,...there ARE terrace suites with queen beds, but there are none available right now".  Ok, well that's a different story!  So we ended up in a "regular" room, no terrace with a city view.  That was fine, although we were looking forward to the terrace suite and the experience.  Our room overlooked the Bellagio water show and was ok.   . . Ordered room service on our first AM in the room and the service was spectacular.  My friend had a hangover and mentioned it to the woman who set up our room service and she said she would take care of it with the bell desk.  Soon after, the bell desk called us and double checked we wanted some aspirin from the gift shop and indeed it was delivered like magic soon thereafter.  Very nice!. . This place is THE place for the clubbers and those in the 20 something age category,   So if this fits your likes, you are going to LOVE Cosmo.  I am not a clubber and beyond that age by 20 years now.  :-)  So on the weekend we saw lots of girls that looked like they had made their way over to this place in their hoochie mama dresses and stripper heels on fake id's.  That was interesting to walk through as we made our way to/from the casino and to/from our room.  Somewhat entertaining..... . We didn't get to experience much of this place, outside of the gift shop, lobby bar and some slot machines.  Not enough time during St. Patty's Day weekend.  It's definitely a beautiful place but I felt out of my "vibe" there.  I'll probably go back to staying elsewhere, upon my Vegas return.
i've pondered about this review for the longest time.  i'll be nice and go 3-stars.  my second stay here was definitely better than my first (where our room wasn't ready until 2 hours after we checked in).  yes, this is one of the newest hotels on the strip so everyone wants to stay here.  all the glitz...glam...bars...clubs.  yeah, it's all there.  but it's just all too snoody for me.  i don't like feeling out of place, and the cosmopolitan definitely makes me feel that way.  don't expect to find a table with less than a $25 minimum, even on off-peak hours.. . for such a nice hotel, it's strange to me that there aren't any high end shops here.  but it's connected to the crystals shopping court inside aria so maybe that's why.  the walk next door was pretty convenient.  . . the parking structure tells you how many spots there are on each level, and those red/green lights above each spot to tell you where the availability is.  pretty helpful.. . both times we stayed in the suites (aka terrace studio), which are pretty nice and spacious.  i'm sure the regular rooms are nice too.  i'm just glad both trips were free.  i wouldn't pay (or allow anyone i'm with to pay) to stay here.. . psst....go find the secret pizza place (open late night only) on the 3rd floor next to the pool tables.  the line was uber long so we didn't try it, but i'm kinda curious how it tastes.  though i guess that late at night, when everyone's drunk, anything tastes good.
I have been wanting to stay here for a long time to see what all the fuss is about. Not only has this been the hotel in Vegas that everyone is talking about since it opened but they also run commercials for it constantly and I am easily influenced by brainwashing commercialism. I am glad that I stayed there on a recent trip to Las Vegas with my husband, if only to satisfy my curiosity, but I don't think we will stay there again. I wouldn't rule it out for a bachelorette or b-day party, though. It is more suited to a party weekend with friends than a relaxing getaway for a couple.. . The room was really nice. A little more homey and not as luxurious compared to what I was expecting. We were in a one bedroom suite which was very spacious. It had a large "living room" with a couch and a desk and another TV as well as a little kitchen. I really loved the bathroom. It had a nice big shower and a deep soaking tub. The best part of our room was the awesome view directly overlooking the Bellagio fountains. It is pretty rare to get a balcony at a Vegas hotel, never mind one large enough to hold actual patio furniture. We sat out there and watched the water show. It was interesting that there were little vintage chic touches to make the place look old fashioned but yet it was very modern at the same time. It was fun controlling the a/c and the lights thru the TV the first day or so but that got old fast.. . Overall it's a great property, but somehow we just didn't feel comfortable there. It's like the place was designed to make you feel as if only the very trendy, very hip people go there. It is so hyped up that even though it is exciting at first, it becomes obnoxious after a while. We saw people lining up at eight o'clock to get into the club, which opens at ten. So you mean those girls are going to stand around in their micro minis and painfully high shoes for two whole hours?! You couldn't pay me to do that. So that, in a nutshell, is my problem with The Cosmopolitan, they are just trying way too hard to be cool. The sad part is, that it actually is a really cool place when taken in small doses. But put it all together and it is way too much. So what makes this place so cool, you ask? Well, hmm, its hard to explain. Sort of like the matrix, you can not be told, you have to see it for yourself. But here are some of the cool things about this place that I saw or experienced during our stay, in no particular order.. . Six foot tall high-heel shoes. Alcoholic milkshakes at the burger joint. Dancing flowers by the front desk. Bar inside of a giant chandelier. Foosball table and big screen tvs outside by the 4th floor pool. Boxing ring in the fitness center. Steampunk miniatures by the 4th floor conference rooms. Pool table in the 3rd floor lobby. Frida Khalo in the Chinese restaurant. Poolside cabanas overlooking the strip. Wall of antique sewing machines. Performance art in a glass room. Foodie gift shop
First time at this hotel and location on the strip.  It was so sterile.  The rooms were beautiful and especially the deck overlooking the Bellagio Lake BUT it was too electronic...everything.  The casino was also small, low-key and high table limits.  We liked it BUT will not stay again.  Back to Venetian, Palazzo, Bellagio or Wynn.  The hotel/casino club is sooooo difficult to understand and figure out you just have to forget it.  It could be a much simpler application and process!  Oh, not a regular feeling Marriott managed location either.  Our platinum upgrades cost us over $50/night.
The best way I can describe The Cosmopolitan is inconsistent.. . The highs...The cool modern decor.  The free shows at the Book and Stage.  The Chandelier bar.. . The lows...The inconsistent service, bordering on rude. The lack of focus on the details, I will explain.. . We had never stayed at the Cosmo before, we had only gambled there a couple times.  We go to Vegas a lot (maybe every 2 to 3 months and pretty much always have free rooms at the Palazzo/Venetian since we are Platinum grazie members.  Yes, I gamble way too much  ; ). . We got an offer from the Cosmopolitan to stay free for a couple nights and while I felt like I was cheating on the Palazzo I gave them a try.  I really loved the feel there and it definitely extends up to their rooms.  We had a great room with a terrace overlooking the strip.  The room was on par with the level of the Palazzo/Venetian and we enjoyed all the cool features.. . Were they go wrong is with some of their staff and the details through the hotel.  To start some of the cocktail service staff was just inconsistent and seemed really not to care to make the customer happy.  While I'm throwing my money away on their slots, that never payed off, I at least want a drink without an attitude.  I always felt I was inconveniencing them when I asked for a drink.  Now maybe they were still tired from the late night stripper gig, but not my problem.. . The other miss was it seemed they were often not properly staffed.  From some of the restaurants to the bathroom conditions on the main floor of the casino.  I would expect more from a top level hotel in LV, especially with all the competition to get my gambling dollars.. . Now the sad thing is I got an another offer for a couple nights and $150 in slot credit and I'm not sure if I'm going to use it. I'm probablyback to to my old faithful. Flings are usually just that...may be exciting at the beginning but when digging into the details is when you realize it is not meant to be. Also, the $500 in slot credit from the Palazzo helped twist my arm. : ). . If you are there for a night at the club, drinks at a bar, or even some of the restaurants you will have a great time but staying for multiple days may expose some of their holes.
This Hotel is very nice looking and has some great rooms :) We had 2 rooms 1 room was great the other not so much it was dirty and not just alittle bit.. The room had blood on the walls along with what looked like someone left urine in a few places.. The place lacks customer service!!!!!. They could not find our rooms when we got there so we waited and waited. Then we had to stay in a dirty room until morning. Then we go check out to wait some more.We get a new room and it was fine but the waiting was not nice. The next day we go to check out and guess what WAIT some more!!! They offered us NOTHING!!!! . GO Somewhere else unless you just like to wait....
With all the hype about the Cosmopolitain, we were really hoping for something way wonderful.  We stayed here overnight, on the way north from Spring Training.. . Arrived on a Saturday at 3:30 pm, to about 40 people waiting to check in, and none looking very happy.  Hmmmm, not a good sign.  When we got to the desk, in 20 minutes, we were told our room wasn't ready.  Say, whaaaat?  The desk kid was very apologetic, embarassed, contrite.  All the things you'd expect after catching a puppy peeing on the floor.  . . But that didn't help us with a room.  He suggested we go have some dinner and wait for our room.  'scuz me, but we just spent 8 hours in a car.  I wanted a shower, and to relax before we hit the casino and out for the night.  He told us it should be less that TWO HOURS till our room was ready.  (!!!!!). . So we headed for the closest bar and grabbed a couple drinks.  Happily, our room was ready in less than an hour.  We got to our room, called for our luggage and waited 40 more minutes for it to arrive........ . The room was nice, airy and clean.  The bath very well-appointed and comfy.  Dual shower-heads, big tub.  If you don't want to watch someone in the shower, close the blinds.. . The "kitchen" space consists of a Nazi-style snack bar and mini-fridge, all full of stuff you'll get charged for if you fondle.  Fair enough, but what if you actually bring in your own cherished bottle of wine or Blue Label?  There's not enough room for a toothpick, much less a six-pack.. . I fear that in the rush to be edgy and provocative, the management forgot that actual comfort may be welcomed.  There's a great balcony, overlooking the Bellagio and the strip.  An excellent place to relax a bit and watch the evening come up.  But there's only one small lounge to sit in.  What if you're there with another person or two, they supposed to sit on the pavement or take turns?  And, there's not a comfy chair to be had.  Sigh.. . When we checked out, we called to get our bags brought down.  No one was availiable to do that - at 0800 on a Sunday?  i think we were the only ones awake then on the property.. . One final thing - when we checked out, we found that a $600 charge had been put on our card as a deposit.  Without telling us.  I can see $100 or so, we may have raided the mini-bar or something, but $600?   Ridiculous.. . Staff was all uniformly welcoming, helpful and professional.  Great people watching, and enough interesting stuff on-property to keep you there all weekend.  But it's a bit like hoping your screw-up of a little brother has his act together, but knowing he doesn't.. . After being open over a year, the bugs should be better worked out with staffing.  It's just not a good thing to piss off your customers when they first check in.  And from previous Yelps, this seems to be an on-going problem.  I'd go back there again, but not for a while.  In the mean time, we'll be at the Trump.  The rooms are amazing and the service impeccable.
Check-in was a breeze, they allowed us to have up to 4 keys per room. A friend and I stayed at the Terrace Wraparound suite. The view was amazing! The room was nice; there were drinks already missing from the fridge, but we didn't want to worry about that right off the bat. I immediately took a shower and the water pressure was reallllLLLLY weak. Thought about calling someone about it, but why bother-- I think they were trying to conserve water or something so I let this one go.. . I played pai-gow and roulette here. Nice tables, but definitely didn't make me feel at home (I'm in love with gambling at Paris and Cesar's). The waitresses were attentive and drinks came around quick. . . Overall I had a very very nice stay! The problem is the charges to the room after we left. I checked out over the phone and had someone come up to the room and tell me that no charges would be placed on the room. To my surprise when I got home there were over $300+ charges on my credit card. Reading a few of the other reviews it seems as though I am not the only one this is happening to.. . I have called the Cosmopolitan 3 times. They keep telling me "There is nothing we can do about it. We need to check the tapes. My manager will call you within 2 days." Of course 2 days pass and no return call. It is beyondddd frustrating. My bank has better customer service than this place. . . I really liked the hotel, but I am beyond words when it comes totheir customer service. I never expected this kind of treatment from a new hotel. Keep in mind I left the room in the same condition it was found in. The maid came in to clean on Saturday without my knowledge (I had a do not disturb sign on my door). After that the charges began rolling in-- I suppose she/he was mad that we did not leave a tip or something and began charging us for anything she could find. . . I will never stay here again. I will never recommend this place to my friends, and it looks like I will never see that $300+ in charges back either. I am still trying to get my money back, but it looks like I will have to push harder to speak to someone about this. This place has really put a damper on my Vegas experience. They definitely need to change their practices.. . ****update***. Finally got through and they said I should be receiving my money back in 7-10 days! Will change my rating to neutral
??? Don't see the big deal about this place. I mean, its kinda cool inside but the vibe is less than to be desired. Lots of bars with people that think they are part of the hip crowd.. Maybe I will stay here next time I come visit just to see if I like it more.. but for now it's just "meh".
I'm going to start off by saying this hotel & casino is very hip, trendy, and modern. I suggest any Las Vegas visitor who hasn't seen the Cosmopolitan to check it out. Very unique, eclectic, and targeted towards more the 20s and young 30s demographic. Their club Marquee have already established themselves as a club to be reckoned with the best in town. Their rooms have balconies. The chandelier. . . Being a foodie, I love their restaurants. They make a point to bring in quality organic produce as much as possible, you're never short of a variety of food, whether you want sushi, a great pizza from a secret location, even a restaurant that serves both dim sum and tacos at the same place.. . However, if your room doesn't seem to be clean from the last guest, dust still on countertops, stains still left on carpets, it takes away from the good points about this hotel. Even stepping into the elevator a couple of times, there were water spills, perhaps from guests and their drinks. As much as I enjoy the Cosmopolitan for all they're worth, sometimes the simple act of cleaniness of a place as nice as this place could be, would be awesome to see. . . Maybe I've been spoiled staying at places like Vdara and Encore, but I've also stayed at places like the Stratosphere and Palace Station. You expect something from places who want to set themselves apart. . . I'll still frequent here, probably still try their restaurants I haven't been to yet. Would I choose to stay here for my whole Vegas weekend? Unfortunately not :(
Fiance had a conference at Cosmo so I came out to hang for a couple of days. . . While the vibe is super hip & trendy and you absolutely can't beat the atmosphere in the casino, I wasn't THAT impressed with the hotel itself (meaning the rooms & service). . . I think the conference room rate was $190/nt, which got us a room literally at the end of the hallway. No balcony, 2 queen beds (an upgrade to a King would've been +$75/nt), and not even motorized drapes? . . I've eaten at Holsteins, China Poblano, and Secret Pizza....overall they have a nice variety of food options and of course there's lots within walking distance at other resorts. For conference-goers, my fiance says the catered food they served her group was quite good. . . While it's nice that Cosmo doesn't have a resort fee, now I'm annoyed having to pay a la carte for all the stuff I have now come to expect. Want internet? $14/day. Want to use the gym? $20/day. I'm used to paying a resort fee at every major hotel on the strip, I'd rather you just charge me rather than feel like I'm getting nickel & dimed to death. . . Final nuisance: none of the dealers/pit bosses wear name tags. After a few drinks I like to get chatty with my dealer, it's common courtesy to at least know their name. . . I'll come back to Cosmo to drink and people watch, but I wouldn't spring for a room there....if I'm spending that much, I'll stay at the Wynn/Encore every time.
Is it a gorgeous, sexy hotel? YES!. . Is this place teeming with gorgeous, sexy people? YES!. . Is it the best place in Vegas to stay? HELL NO!!!. . While I would definitely pick this place for the Chandelier Bar, the various restaurants (reviews to follow ) and the eye candy for days, the service needs help and the rooms left a bit to be desired.  . . Service was lacking.  Housekeeping was spread far too thin when you needed them, and came knocking despite the sign at 0900 on Friday morning.  It took hours, 4 exactly, to get linen for the pull out sofa, which usually is already in the room.  At the Cosmo? No. All they keep is a pillow in the closet. When we tried to ask for extra towels as the housekeeper passed us in the hallways, she said we had to call.  What? We're trying to save you some time.  Argh.. . Rooms: gorgeous, sexy, chic? Yes, all of the above.  I do appreciate that most all the rooms have a balcony and the 3 suites we had all did.  We had a fantastic view of the Bellagio fountains, so that was a definite plus.  The space was adequate, but next time I would stay in the wraparound terrace.  The mini bar and fridge was such an epic fail.  Every time anyone actually picked up an item for more than a few seconds, it charged the room.  For those that didn't know this, that resulted in $100 worth of extra charges.  Luckily, this was quickly corrected on check out with a quick phone call.  Why boast rooms with a kitchen when you don't have a stove, dishes, or anything that's of real use.  I didn't want to cook, but use of a fridge would have been nice.  Otherwise, just get rid of the damn thing.  In one of the rooms, the TV in the living room had zero feed and was useless, and the cordless phone wasn't working as well.  . . I see this review going on and on, so I should sum it up.  Stay here if most of your party plans are actually at this hotel, or if you just have to judge for yourself, like we did.  Should you make this hotel your go to place? Nah. This hotel is bankrupt, and they're trying to get back some of their losses by nickel and diming you.
I'm not going to write much, because, well, everyone else seems to have written books on this place.. . I'll sum it up easily:. . rooms are awesome. not only the look and feel, but the amenities are all cool.. . games are awesome. the greyhound racing game is probably the funnest casino game I've ever played.. . the hotel atmosphere is...too "cool" for me. Looking at "sexy" women and douche-bag guys all day gets tiring. Seriously, how many black dresses and jeans with dress shirts can you see in one place? Maybe some people enjoy that, though. By the way, black dresses can't slim down fat and dress shirts don't make beer bellies look sweet. . . the food here is great. especially secret pizza (even more so after several mojitos).. . I don't think I'd go back for a few years when, hopefully, Vegas changes it's landscape again.
What a fabulous entrance through the drop off area and hotel lobby. I didn't stay or gamble here, but enjoyed walking through the space to check out the design.. Then I had to get a drink at the Chandelier Bar. It's fabulous feeling and the bartender was on it with refills. Do go have a drink here.
Stayed here on multiple occasions and honestly, I'm kinda lost on how to review this place. So I'm just going to average out all the areas into one.. . Hotel - 4.5 stars. Check in has always been a breeze. Hotel rooms are very nice (it better be for a new property), and one of the few hotels where I can actually get a good nights sleep. The comps and free suite upgrades are a plus for sure.. The bad? Very first time stayed at this property, the hotel management was still working out the quirks. They changed the room key when I was still staying in the property and thus I got locked out.. . Gaming - 1 star. They just don't know how to treat their players. One instance the bet was made and the pitboss straight up waived off the bet AFTER I won. Complained, talked to the managers and nothing happened. . . Overall it's a nice place to stay at if you like nice hotel rooms, and like to party. BUT they still have issues with the managers and also gaming area SUCKS!
I stayed here last week.  Hotel has a nice lobby/entrance.  The reason it got 3 stars wasbecause of lousy service and pour elevators.  I read about the bad service at this place but wasn't expecting it immediately.  The person checking me in couldn't even put my address in correctly and it took forever to check in.  I have stayed in Vegas many times and in other hotel and never experienced this issue.  The problem was the guy kept putting in the wrong city.  Even I noticed this while the guy didn't for a while.  The next issue I had with the place was the elevator banks.  They had 4 elevators per floor section or what not.  When there are a lot of people in the hotel this means a LONG wait for the elevator since there are only 4 servicing the floor you are on.  The third thing I had a problem with was at the Boulevard pool the service was super slow.  I had gotten day beds every time I was there and every time the service was like on a half hour schedule.  I'm talking the waitress comes every half an hour then your drink comes in half an hour.  The place wasn't packed I was shocked.  Also, the hotel is split into two towers and east/west.  Check in desk is by the west tower and if you are in the east tower you have to walk through the casino. . . Now enough negative stuff.  Other then the service and elevators this place is pretty awesome.  The restaurant options are amazing here.  Milos was an amazing Greek restaurant as well as my new favorite restaurant STK.  Food was amazing at STK and the music they play is pretty awesome as well.  The casino was a little small for a Vegas hotel but it was still good with the layout and the amount of tables/machines.  The decor in this place was great.  The chandeliers were a very nice touch.  Also, there are bars literally every where it is impossible for you to go dry here.. . I stayed in a wrap around terrace suite in the east tower.  If you can get this suite and pay the little extra for the view it is ABSOLUTELY worth it.  It will face the Bellagio fountains as well as the strip.  The view is incredible and you also have two full bathrooms =).
The Casino has a cool look to it. Parking sensor is sweet if it's working. . The food here isn't soo great. Milos is overpriced food just like the Chase commercial.need to go find something else to eat afterward. Secret Pizza is overly salty and does not taste good. It may only taste good to you if you been partying or high and is super hungry & got nothing else to eat. You can't taste the favor of it because your taste palette is messed up.
Pros:. . Amazing fountain view overlooking the Strip from balconies. Suites are very large and modern. Shower and tub were top of the line . Good workspace. . Cons:. . Pools get very limited sun. Overpriced for what you get. Charge for internet...really? Is this 1997? $25/day if I remember right. Nothing that special. Wynn has a much nicer pool area. Additional charges for everything. Refrigerator is stocked full so you can't even use it for anything of your own, weight sensors charge you if you move anything
This is a tough review to write,based on my bias.... This is a beautiful casino with grand chandeliers, classy looking bars/restaurants, and the decor/lighting is the nicest I've ever seen.. . However.... . If you're bothered greatly by douchebags, as I am, this place WILL annoy you, as it is a huge douchebag attractant. I came here for the first time to try Wicked Spoon, which was awesome when I finally got in, but the people you have to listen to and pass who are patronizing this establishment, ugh.. . Please at least come here to view the art pieces and historic blown up photos of old Las Vegas and try the Wicked Spoon.
As for the Hotel: . . I've stayed at this hotel now 6 times. I really like it.The rooms are large and the bathrooms are awesome. However, there's *always* something that's just a bit off or missing that surprises me. Last time, there was no water in the minibar when I checked-in. OK, so they forgot it. But, upon check out, they charged me for it, as the items in the mini-bar are automatically billed upon no weight being sensed at the sight each item sits. I had to explain that there never was any water. Another time, neither tv worked in my room. Also, this time, the ashtray in the balcony was filled w/ cigarette butts. None of these are the end of the world, but, like I said.....details.. . As for the Casino itself, Not so good.  . . This is a very small, boutique-type casino. I've played a lot of craps throughout Vegas and world. I watched a craps dealer just rip a poor woman player because she had placed her bet in the wrong "section" of the dont come box. He then proceeded to give her winnings to another player, and when she questioned him on it he accused her of lying. Unbelievable! Having witnessed the whole thing while playing at the same table, I came to her aid and told the pit boss, who came over, and I told him to re-wind the tape upstairs. They then reluctantly gave her her winnings. This place has consistently arrogant / cocky workers. Right now, they're a hot, new, 'in' place, but that will soon die down, and I expect this place to be pretty spartan and empty. They need a management make-over, and fast. I recommend you Gamble and bring your business and hard earned $$ else where.
The views are fantastic! The suites are lush and comfortable. The kitchenette is striped bare, they will rent you a cup and spoon for a fee. A very bad sign when a hotel is nickle and dimeing its customers. Glad I got to go now before it gets worse.
So I can only review what I experienced. We didn't stay here, but popped into the casino on Friday night and hit the buffett on Saturday (See my review for Wicked Spoon...awesome). We stopped in to check out another casino and instantly knew it wasn't our vibe. It was very hip and trendy, which is okay, just not my thing. Nobody really seemed to be playing the machines, it was more about being seen at the bars and whatnot. They did have a cool live perfomer that was doing a realy upbeat violin type performance that was really cool, but that was the only thing we enjoyed. Not a huge fan of the casino, but the buffet on the other hand is what makes it worth it.
Nice friendly staff once I got out of the taxi. Long wait for check in.Bathrooms on the floor are super nice. We had no trash can in our bathroom. Toilet room light was out. Mirrors were dirty bad job or no job of cleaning them. Ice room had water all over the floor which was no where near the machine. Asked room service to come back at 4pm but they never came back to our room and never came back to fix our light which the request was made less than an hour of check in and we had stayed 3 nights. We were in the West tower facing one of the pools and on Saturday they apparently have pool parties. I usually can sleep through anything but couldn't with the house/electronic music playing. I even tried turning the TV on but the TV was so loud and could still hear the music I gave up and left the room. I love the location of the hotel its near the PH mall and short taxi ride to the other hotels. The farthest I went was to TI and that was less than $15 better than walking in 105 degree weather.
REVIEW FOR THE TERRACE STUDIO:. . We stayed for 3 nights during the weekday. (Parking was great and apparently we got a good deal as well.) Our room was located on the 55th floor of the East Tower which gave us a view of Marquee and the pools when we lounged outside on our terrace. . . Now onto the room. The room was amazingly spacious. At the same time you're able to have privacy between each room by simply pulling on the door divider. One plus in my book about this place was that not only did they provide bath robes, but slippers as well. YAY! Along with your expected toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, soap, body lotion) Q-tips and cotton balls were provided as well. (It's the little things that matter!) Not only did the room come with a minibar/fridge, it also had a sink, microwave, and dishwasher. (But didnt leave a set of silverware or dishes for us so was the kitchen area just for looks?) The shower itself is a bit on the weak side when it comes to water power. The 2 people square bath tub looks out onto the terrace so it provides a nice view while you relax in the tub.. . Would have given this place 4 star if it weren't for the following reasons:. . -2 TVs with only 1 remote. Made it difficult to change the channel on the televisions when one was located in the living area while the other in the bedroom.. -Did not grant us late check out. In all the years that I have been going to Vegas, hotels have been courteous in allowing guests to check out an hour later. This one didn't. . -Upon checking in to our room, the ash tray was not emptied and the bathroom supply was not restocked with shower gel.. -Room was missing "Do Not Disturb" sign so every morning at 9am, housekeeping came a knocking :(. -Adamant Housekeeper. Usually this is a plus but when I just woke up and we told her we don't want housekeeping, she insisted on coming in saying it would take only 10 minutes. Not only was it awkward watching the woman work, after 10 minute has passed she was still cleaning up the place so we were forced out of the room in a sense :(. . I'm hoping my next stay would be a 4+ Star that Cosmo is known for.
I think maybe ive gotten off to a bad start here...when I first pulled in the vallet was full so i dropped my bags off and self parked. No big deal, but when i got up to my room i found they had given me a handicapped room. Notification or a discound would have been nice, but i guess i can deal with it. Doesnt seem very profesional to me...hopefully the rest of my stay will be better!
Beautiful space, well thought out, and the rooms are stunning.  However, the clientele skews very young (at least this particular weekend), and that makes this place too much of a scene for me.  I will continue to stay at The Bellagio and walk over to The Cosmopolitan for dinner/drinks on occasion, unless I got a rate good enough to convince me to stay here.
Loved the hotel and the room but customer service was subpar.  It was my 21st birthday and nothing was sent up in congratulations.  I was also locked out of my room twice with no sort of apology.  I called from outside my room informing them that my key wasn't letting me in my room and they said security would be up immediately... 20 minutes later I went down to the front desk and had new keys made but nobody had apologized for my inconvenience.  . Other than their customer service I really enjoyed my stay and my birthday.  I can't decide yet if I will be returning but if I do, a follow up review will be posted. . Oh and find the secret pizza place! The line is long at 4:00am but it's worth the wait.
For the price you pay for this hotel youwould think it would include free wi-fi or gym access? Nope! Those are all extra fee's and I thought that was crap! Anyways, the Hotel is Beautiful and glamorous.  The decor of the chandeliers are amazing and you can just go through the lobby of this place in awe. It is actually really incredible.  The rooms are immaculate, with gigantic bathrooms with a shower that has a full length window overlooking the beds. Kind of kinky, but thank God for blinds because we shared the room with friends.  The location of this hotel is pretty much in the middle of the strip which makes it very convenient.  I only gave this hotel 3 stars because the staff was not too friendly and the bag check was so disorganized we had to wait 40 minutes for our bags to get to our room because there was miscommunication amongst the staff and someone thought someone else took our bags up already.  This place is really beautiful but for the price you pay I would think they would have better service and hospitality.  I don't think I would stay here again, definitely not my fav Hotel in Vegas.
We came here for a bachelorette party this past weekend. While the hotel is beautiful and definitely served its purpose, there were a few kinks that could be worked on.. . Key cards/elevators: Maybe they should be checked. Like many hotels (I learned), you need a key card to be able to properly use the elevator. I never fully figured out how to perfectly work it - sometimes it appeared you had to leave the card in, or pull it out fast, or slowly, or hope, or pray. We also received two keys for one room and four for the other, which seemed odd. Also had a morning when we literally had an 8 minute elevator ride, because it stopped on EVERY SINGLE FLOOR. It was also filled to capacity for the majority of the time, so every time the door opened an awkward moment of staring with the downhearted elevator recipient-hopefuls would take place. I thought the whole point of separate elevators with separate key cards was in order to ease congestion. First-world-problems, yes, but still first-world-annoying.. . Rooms: Very poor lighting.  Don't mess with poor lighting when you have 8+ girls trying to put on makeup in a hotel room. It'll get ugly. . . Also - major problems in getting into the rooms. We ordered two rooms off Gilt City, and were somehow told that we would have adjoining rooms. Even though three girls' names were put down as registered to the room, one room only ended up being under one girl's name, with the other two girls being registered to the other.  This was problematic because said single-girl's flight got delayed, so all 8 girls had to sleep in one room for the night even though we should have had two rooms. They also told us that they could not guarantee adjoining rooms, even though this was expressed to us upon ordering it. The only other option was to see if the adjoining room vacated at a certain time, and then we would claim the room between 12 and 1 PM. Not possible if you're trying to get drunk at a dayclub during those prime sunny hours.. . Pros: Beauty, cool screens, ambiance, and they don't have a problem with alcohol being in your room.. . All in all, a nice place to stay, despite all. I suppose Vegas without hiccups wouldn't be Vegas.
I would rate this a 5 based on the hotel itself but room service and housekeeping was terrible! It took 2 hrs for them to bring us an ice bucket and extra blanket. We had to contact the front desk 5 times and the communication between the services was horrible. I would love to stay there again but am hesitant since the service wasn't great.
Nice hotel and well appointed however the pool service and room housekeeping lucks interest into making the stay perfect.. . The amenities in the room were missing, such as flip flops and robes, bottle opener and glasses. Also the "Do Not Disturb" sign that invited the housekeeping staff to wake us up every morning. The living room phone was not charging in two of our rooms.. . The Bamboo Pool staff had a very slow moving day. The waiters although many around, none to be found. Waited over one hour to find one and after placing the order the drinks returned 20 minutes later. Second order, the waitress left our drinks next to someone's chair even though we ordered from inside the pool. After asking for our drinks she brought them to us with melted ice from the 110degree sun after 45 minutes wait. The assistant supervisor of the pool, very disoriented and uneducated was unprofessional and without interest to solve the issue. She felt like all she had to do was comp our drinks instead evaluating the real issue and solving the employees.. . For a late check out of two hours it was requested to pay a half day rate.. . All this during a midweek stay. Cannot imagine a weekend chaos!
It's ok. The pool party is ok and the club is ok. Nothing spectacular. It doesn't match the quality of the room! No use for a full kitchen tho. The Casino is small. It's a pain using the key in the elevator all the time. The hotel is definitely set up to cater for long term stayers. but the price is set up for weekend warriors. I'm confused. Wait I know the rooms were meant to be sold not rented out. I guess they couldnt sell the condos so they turned into a hotel.  I still prefer MGM or Palazzo and their group
I'm torn about this place, the last time we came, we stayed in the wraparound suite which was beautiful, it had a washer and dryer, full kitchen and a great view but I'm so disappointed by the check in. This happened twice now, check in time is 3:00 p.m., last October I came with 7 people and booked 2 suites for my husband's birthday. We had dinner reservation at 6 followed by a Pitbull & Enrique concert at the Red Rock, we arrived at 4:30 and was told the rooms wouldn't be ready for another hour since they're short on housekeeping staff. How's that my problem? We patiently waited til 5:30 when I had to go ask if our rooms are ready and because I "rushed them" which is now 2 1/2 hrs past check in time, they told me one of the room was ready, the other not til 6:00!!! We went up to the ready room and it stunk, party streamers were still on the ceiling with tapes all over and vomit on the balcony, the other room was perfect once it was ready. All this delay caused us to miss the entire Pitbull's opening, we were pissed, I complained and showed them pictures of my dirty room and was only given a $75 credit. Because of my husband's love for the balcony/terrace, we came back last month, same story, arrived at 4 and was told "we have your room reserved but it wouldn't be ready for another hour or two". OH NO you're not doing this to me again so I complained and got my room right away. The room was perfect except for the bed, not the most comfy bed or beddings, I hate the feeling of the blanket, it's not soft, little itchy but because of the damn balcony, I'll be back again. I do like the shower a lot and the room service food is amazing, especially the Belgian Waffles. Cosmo, please do whatever it takes to get the rooms ready by 3, I'm sure you wouldn't like it if I told you, I know check out is at 11 but I won't be ready to check out til 1:00, you'll charge me so please have the same consideration for your guests.
You know what's cool -- Staying at the COSMO. You know what makes you even cooler? Rolling your eyes at the Cosmo. Here's what you can expect:. . + Young people with money / access to credit. . + The smell of Axe / Dakar Noir / Paris Hilton Parfum intermixed with some classy people wearing Tom Ford Private Reserve. . + Overweight chicks holding their cheap knock-off platforms. . + Elegant classy women glamorously strolling the main walk. . + A faint "mmp-psh mmp-psh mmp-psh with a fuzzy overlay of a crowd roar pulsating from Marquee into almost every corner of the Casino. . + Eerie quiet mornings. . . How much cooler would this place be if it were a W Hotel? Right?????
After reading the reviews I was thrilled to be invited to stay the night and attend a meeting at the Cosmo.  But, I will not be returning any time soon.  It is not a four or five star hotel.  Upon entering my room I found two people there that told me they were inspecting the room and the light in the bathroom stall needed to be fixed and someone would be right up.  5 hours later and sitting in the pitch black, they finally sent someone up after a second call asking to move to a new room.  The bathroom was better in the dark.  In order to get to the square small deep tub, that no one could ever be comfortable in, you needed to walk through the shower which by that time was slippery and dangerous.  The bedroom area was "Gothart"...that means SMALLER than my dorm room at college.  There was a red stain on the floor by the bed that made me very uncomfortable.  I must say that the service was wonderful and the food pretty good.  The lobby is noisy and so was the room....all night long, with the patio door closed I was woken up by sirens and beeping horns.  I could not wait to return home to get some rest and take a bath. This hotel must be paying off websites to list them as the best.  Now, if I were 21 and wanted to have a party in a Las Vegas hotel room, this might be my choice, but I would check into another hotel after to sleep and clean up.
The good, the bad, and the ugly!. . The Good:. . * Beautiful clean rooms. The bed was comfortable and everything relatively clean in the room. The property in general was well laid out and well designed.. . * The crowd was 20s/30s, generally friendly and the waitresses were attentive to providing drinks while we were gambling.. . * The Wicked Spoon buffet was excellent. Good weekday value too. Thought it far better than the buffet at the Wynn.. . * The Marque Nightclub is also excellent. A must visit on the weekend. Was impressed with the staff and very attractive crowd. . . The Bad:. . * Light control, phone, and TV failed during our stay requiring a call to the front desk to fix. Some sort of glitch that was taken care of while we were out of the room.. . * Prices were very high in the restaurants. Not easily shell shocked by prices living in the California Wine Country, was surprised here. Use to $100 per person meals, easy to double that in their restaurants.. . * Lower than expected gambling odds, at least when it came to $1 video poker. Expected to see at least one 10/7 DDB machine, none of the ones checked were, most 8/5 or about. The gambler to people in the casino ratio seemed to be very small.  . . The Ugly:. . * The front desk on check in and check out. On check in, did nothing to sell the property when asked about any promotions, suggestions during our stay? After the fact, descovered they had good food at the restaurants, a great night club, and an excellent players club promotion (loss a hundred, and you get it back in match play). She did not volunteer anything to make us feel welcome as a guest, just the opposite actually. On checkout, same thing, asked to have a noon checkout instead of 11:00am due to when we left for the airport. Not a big deal, but would have been nice. Denied the request and was thinking, really, you cannot spare an hour? Checked our bags into the deskhop before we ate in one of their restaurants for lunch, but would have rather had them in the room. The personal touch and attention to detail was lacking overall, and was turned off by the overall attitude.
I really only come here for work reasons. There was a conference being held here so I was forced to go, because I generally stay away from this hotel. . . I have seen a couple of the rooms and, yes, they're divine, but I couldn't sleep under the same roof where some of the worst rudeness in Vegas happens. . . The few times I've been herehave just been unpleasant. I once lost my keys  and they were turned in. The security manager condescendingly asked me three times to describe them. First, after the initial description things weren't going to change much. I mean, I can be pretty creative when helping people understand what I'm saying, but keys just don't give me much to work with. Second, please don't be passive aggressive. I'm a potential money loser for you. You have no idea how many quarters I have in my purse so simmer down there, Mall Security. I mean, Cosmo security. . . The second form of rudeness happened at one of the bars. I won't tell you which one because I'm pretty sure the treatment is the same anywhere. Let's just say I haven't seen anything to disprove that. I was at a bar and the bartender literally looked right through me. How can you see through an American Express card with no limit? I would have thought it might have blinded him. Oh, wait, that could have been the problem. But, not really, because someone else walked up behind me and they ran to him like I was only there to bus the bar or something. Maybe, just maybe, the Cosmo has so much money poured into it every day that someone ordering a few top shelf drinks isn't going to add to that. Well, okay, you win that one. I promise to never spend my money in your bars/casino again. . . I just can't enjoy a place that doesn't show they love me. I need love, Cosmo, seriously. Show it to me.
Positive: . Gorgeous lobby and rooms, . . View of the Bellagio fountain;. . Sunday brunch at the Wicked spoon ($19 for big to go box of INCREDIBLE food including duck confit, melt in your mouth brisket and artisan micro deserts). . Location. . Negative:. No coffee maker in room. $20 pot of coffee delivered almost an hour after ordered.. . No free WiFi (come on! You're going to squeeze me for every nickel after we paid top room price?!). . No easy way to get water. They'll deliver you a small pitcher, but charge $5 delivery.. . Obnoxious Jersey shore style music in casino, in bars, by the pool. . First come first served limited free pool seats, $500-$1500 "beds" and "cabanas" available.. . In Marquee club, after you stand in line for 45 minutes and pay $20 cover, you may NOT lean against the wall and listen to DJ. Leaning is not allowed, bouncers will come and harass you. Sitting on a couch costs $500. . . Hit and miss on politeness and helpfulness of staff.. . This place thinks they are SO HOT, they can tick you off and not care because people line up at their door. And it's true: they are the latest "it" thing. Soup nazi of the strip. They lost me, but they can afford to lose a few.
Abyssmal check in process; despite having secured the reservation 5 months prior, the room "wasn't ready" at 8:30 PM, so I was forced to change for our fancy schmancy dinner in the casino bathroom (fitness center, shockingly, "not available right now") after getting a hefty dose of attitude from the desk clerk.  Oh and walking with a backpack full of valuables into a Michelin-rated restaurant because you have no place to lock them up?  Classy.  This was not a me- or night-specific problem; we heard the same thing up and down the line (including a couple who was told the view room they had secured was no longer available, tough cookies for them), and it happened to our friend on this trip AND his last trip.. . Fan of: the pools, the terraces, the shower, the sitting area in the one-bedroom suite, the techie details of the room, the abundance of mid-range (for Vegas) dining in a certain area, and the Chandelier bar for ambiance and killer cocktails.. . Not a fan of: check-in kerfuffles (obv), the black walls with silver accents (claustrophobic and oppressive in trying to be luxe), the occasional attitude from otherwise helpful staff, and hearing Pitbull 6 times and Black Eyed Peas 3 times in 20 minutes from the same bar.. . Would I stay here again?  Maybe.  And not if I have dinner reservations or actually want to hit the Strip when I get there.  But it tends to be one of the more affordable of the high-end modern hotels, so...
Aesthetically the cosmo is gorgeous in the casino area. If you are staying as a hotel guest, you may not get the top notch service you would expect from a 5 star property. The lights and tv didn't work and after calling the front desk 3x we finally got them to send someone up to fix it. Perks staying here is you get into Marquee quicker. The wicked spoon was amazing, go early to avoid a line that looks like your waiting for a club.
I was here a few months ago when in Vegas for a convention, so I had to check out the hot new casino on the strip. I'll admit, it's an amazing looking casino/hotel! Yet, I got the overall feel of a "bro's on roids along with a touch of douche" vibe here. Definitely targeting a "special" type of clientele for sure.. . The Cosmopolitan is so over the top is exudes gaudiness. Walking around I could see they went all out with the wow-factor decor. Huge shiny chandeliers, chic and modern, plenty of restaurants, glitzy and glittering crystals everywhere, beautiful art, amazing staircases, hot bars and clubs, shimmering cocktail lounge, stylish upscale retail shops, you name it! The 'bling" factor is in full effect! It's sexy for sure but seems as it's trying a bit too hard. The younger crowd will eat it up, while the older more established Vegas gambler might be put off if not into this scene.. . I did sign up for their players club card but as of now have still not received one mailing or email offer. On top of that the machines were tight. Hardly any cocktail servers were coming around so I could not even get a drink. Played some blackjack and broke even. Typical strip casino gambling experience - LOL!. . Maybe I'll come back next visit and spend more time here to get more of a feel of the place. I'd like to stay a few nights and check out the rooms. As I travel to Vegas each year I have been to plenty of casinos, but the Cosmopolitan did not impress me all that much as I am not fooled by glitz and glitter.
Though oozing in glitz and glamour, the Cosmopolitan is also replete with hidden surcharges.  With off-season specials and AAA coupons, you can get a decent rate for an incomparably luxurious room.  However, you'll get dragged over the coals paying for amenities we take for granted at lower starred hotels.  Firstly, no in-room coffee.  While room service is happy to bring you up a pot for $12, they also are happy to (unbeknownst to you) add a service charge and gratuity.  Grand total - $20 per pot.  The wireless internet service is $15/day.  Access to the gym is $20/day.  While a must-see casino on your Vegas vacation, I recommend you stop by, have a drink, enjoy a meal, but don't, I repeat do no, stay the night unless you like getting wallet raped.
hrmMMmmm.... for a relatively new hotel, decor looks a little cheese & plasticy to me. Although the sparkles of diamond chains and moving art decor were quite impressive. but the key to my 3 stars for this expensive hotel was the service. . Arriving at 8:30pm, our $1000+/per night, wrap around terrace suite wasn't ready. the non-emotionless desk girl advised us that our room can be ready in 5 min or 2 hours. she doesn't know. A phone call would be made to our cell, once the room was ready. . are you serious?. she then continued to say, "o but if you want a smaller room, it's ready now.". wow, why would we want a smaller room when we booked a wrap around suite? . whatevs .... long story short, we never got that call, even at 11:30pm. not one appology... we were homeless for a couple of hours .... for the same price, i would rather stay anywhere else. i'm certain service would be better anywhere else.
This year, for my group's annual Vegas weekend, we stayed at the Cosmopolitan, because we found a rate online that was roughly half that of what we usually pay at the Wynn.  Four of us booked a room with two double beds for a couple hundred bucks a night.  Sounded like a real deal.. . CHECK IN:  When we checked in, they claimed that the reservation was for 1 person and that if we wanted to add three more to the reservation, there would be a $60 surcharge per person, per night.  Uh, no.  We definitely booked the room for four and wouldn't have booked at the Cosmopolitan if it weren't for the quoted rate.  After some "whatever, I don't care" attitude from the lady at the front desk, eventually we were given three keycards.. . ROOMS:  Spacious and clean, but tiny windows with no view and the bathroom lock didn't work.. . DECOR: Guess they're going for some sort of hybrid fin de siecle / James Bond thing, but I wasn't really into it.  Felt a little cheesy, with the strings of diamonds and whatnot. . . GAMING: Felt particularly heavy on slots at the expense of table gaming.  Only 6-8 blackjack tables, mostly full.  4-5 craps tables, all full from 7-10.  Space is definitely at a premium, but all of the dealers and croupiers were personable (although I wish they had name tags).  Sports book was tiny and on the second floor, away from the tables - plan on watching somewhere else.
This place would be great if it weren't for the crappy guests.... . Cosmo is pretty and quirky, but it tries too hard to be cool. It's "that guy".. . The public area music is electro-pop crap. The whole building feels like a "Let's Go To The Club" pre-party, with trashy, smelly hipsters and hill trash EVERYWHERE.. . BUT, the staff is friendly and the neat things are still neat. I feel like I'd LOVE Cosmo if they closed the club for a week.
Nice room terrible service at check-in.   This must be a recurring issue since while I was waiting for 5 hours fir my room I heard from a dealer at the blackjack table, without even mentioning anything, that she could help make the experience at the front desk better.  All I asked her was to deal me good cards.   If they expect to be part of Ritz Carlton they better train the front desk staff to act like it.  Otherwise the rooms are very nice and the rest of the facility is great.
Luxury but with a But.... The Wicked Spoon buffet was amazing and haute cuisine!   It's pure luxury but don't go gamble at 5 in the morning.  I am an early bird and two out of my three mornings there, (granted one being Saturday and one being Sunday) found left over drunk 20 to 30 somethings sprawled everywhere.  Apparently the two night clubs there are the hottest in town, and by the time they close the kids have nowhere to go.  There was a passed out drunk on a 6 seat roulette machine and the only thing security did while I sat there was poke him to see if he woke up.  I was accosted by  2 different drunks each of those days who wouldn't leave me alone.   I finally cashed out and moved to the other side of the casino.  The frustrating piece is you know they are being watched from above, and you know there are security around.  They did nothing.  Absolutely nothing.  . My older 67 year male cousin (I am female) was repeatedly "bumped" as he walked the gauntlet of drunks to the casino, from the floor elevators, and finally had to yell at the guy to "@#$%=off"  . You shouldn't have to pay for that kind of treatment. You could get it free or cheaper many places in Vegas.  The neat little coffee bar is right outside one club, and if you go too early, you might have to step over puke.  Seriously.  Too bad.  The rooms are great and so are the shops and most restaurants. . . As far as good for kids, NO!  The walls have amazing digital art, but there are very full frontal nudes in some of the displays that rotate.  It's cool tho, and looks like they are encased inside a glass pillar as it changes, walking around inside. The room wallpaper is an optical illusion of either just a curvy pattern or two naked women.
My first trip to Vegas was for work. I was pleasantly surprised by the appearance of the Hotel. Its modern and hip and located right in the middle of the strip. . . The check in process was strange. When I arrived at the counter the girl asked for a credit card for incidentals, which I provided. She then asked did I want to "upgrade" for $60? I said what do I get for $60? she said we can upgrade your room.  I said upgrade my room for $60 total? She said no, $60 a night.  After I declined she asked me to initial the box on the monitor in front of me that I agreed to pay a $28 dollar a day resort fee. I asked what does the resort fee cover? She said use of the gym and wireless internet.  I asked if it was optional, she said no. . . So why not include it in the rate? . . After I checked in I had the opportunity to walk the hotel. Its beautiful. My room was spectacular with a great view of the Bellagio. The Hotel had some cool bars in it and also a couple good restaurants. Accessing the strip was a breeze just walk through the casino and your there. The valet service was great, really friendly and knowledgeable about the city. . . Stay was good but at check out it kinda went sideways again. Front desk informs me we have mini bar charges. I'm positive I didn't and told her so and she removed them form the bill but this happened to all 11 people I was traveling with. . . all in all Nice Hotel in a great location. I would return.
This hotel is alright. Stayed in 1bed terrace wraparound whatever. It was ok. Uncomfortable furniture and not a lot of useful space for the size of the room. Only enough seating for like 3-4 people comfortably. Casino layout sucks, chandaleer bar was cool I guess. Compared to Wynn standard 1 bed tower suite, this place blows.
where are all the kittens and little bunnies hopping around?  false advertising!!!. . aside from the fact that they overcharged us $50, the cosmo is great.  we fancy huh.. the casino is small so it's easier to find your drunkard friends, marquee day pool is awesome, and on Monday you can get in free to marquee night club if you stay at the hotel....if you're into that sort of thing.. . good restaurants (except the pizza spot-NOT worth it) and good location in the middle of the strip.
checking in took forever, the guy at the counter seemed inexperienced.. . the rooms are very nice, but since we booked two rooms together and at the same time, i would expect the hotel to put the two rooms next to each other and not 35 floors apart. oh and both rooms look exactly the same.. . room service was faster than i expected, but over priced. the menu said twenty something dollars, but the bill came out to be forty something dollars.. . the guys that takes our luggage down stairs couldn't differentiatebetween ciggs and vaperizors. he wanted to charge me for vaping in the room...even though i told him it is not smoke, it is a vape.....and i was standing right next to the balcony with door open.
I stayed here once earlier last year... The rooms are very modern... kinda reminds me of MGM. First off, bad customer service at the front desk, the blonde Brittany chick was rude acting like she better just coz she work at Cosmo dont mean you da sh*ts.. thats the kind of attitude she had. I filed a complaint on her. YAY GO ME! Now off to the room, yes room was very nice however the iron was broken, AC was broken as well as 2 lamps needed their bulbs replaced. Not so fancy for it being new during the time i stayed. Anyways enough about that. What i love love love the most about Cosmo is MarQuee along with  Chandlier and their little inside shops of ice cream. . . Not a bad hotel.  I'd stayed here again.
I love staying at this hotel. It's so modern and stylish.  However the service here is lacking.  They're generally pretty lax with cleaning your room, and giving you towels.  It takes awhile for room service.  In general, for more of a real hotel feel, it's probably a better bet to go to the Wynn or somewhere else.
Pretty standard hotel - I can't really think of anything that stood out to me in terms of service or experience, so this is going to be a pretty short review!
If you're super young this place is perfect. The rooms arereally nice but I was there for business so it was just a little too crazy.When checking in, it took FOREVER because it was after 10pm and somehow that makes it more difficult.  That was a bit frustrating.
I want to like Cosmo, I do.  It's new, somewhat hip.  The layout is just... strange.  The restaurants are ok, but nothing special.  Way too many douchey guys.  In fact, that's my beef with this place.  It's a hipster's paradise.  Younger crowd.  The girls are all living out some Sex and the City fantasy.   The boys are trying their best to be cool. The one positive... hot cocktail waitresses (though Bellagio is still my favorite).   . . Not a fan.  If you're in your 20's, though... you'll probably want to stay here.
The right amount of wrong... agree. The only thing to see is the chandelier bar... Don't understand all the hype... Not easy to get around... dead spaces ..architectural disaster... Wanna be Philip Stark/ Ian Schrager.... . That's all I can say
I enjoyed my stay here, but anything above 4 stars is crazy. It's nice, but very pricey. I only stayed here because my company was paying for me to attend a conference. The one thing that rubbed me the wrong way is my shower door was about ready to come out of the wall.  That glass shower door probably weighed a couple hundred pounds and would surely have caused some major damage had it come off the wall. Plus, there was a nasty stain on my carpet right in the middle of the room. My expectations are a bit high since I consider this property to be a "high-end" property. Perhaps my expectations are bit too high. . . Maintenance did come right away and fixed the door, but I just expect that when I arrive that I shouldn't have to call maintenance so I don't get crushed by a huge shower glass door. Again, maybe my expectations are bit too high, but that's how I feel about this experience.. . Overall, my stay was good, but not great.
This hotel is designed with the upper class yuppie hipster in mind.  I love the shower/jacuzzi bath combo in the rooms, you have to get into the shower to get to a very deep tub, I like the set up.  Get a spot at the Boulevard pool early, it fills up fast and gets very crowded, not a good place for young kids, but kids over 10 or 12 should have fun there, the Bamboo pool is more relaxing.  This hotel feels a bit pretentious for a family vacation, but is the place to party for those unburden by offspring and for an outrageous amount of extra cash they are also pet friendly.  Marquee was too packed for me to ever attempt to go, but I did walk by at 1am one night while they were throwing "free" flip-flops into the crowd (you know your night club is serious if they toss out free footware when the drunk girls start carrying their stilettos). Be sure to try the Nutella Gelato at Va Benne Caffe, OMG if you have ever wanted to eat Nutella by the spoonful this is the way, yum... I was not impressed with the "Italian Fusion" restaurant Scarpeta, nothing Italian on that menu.
Nice place.. very posh and trendy... but if you take a Date here... she better be putting out for the Money you will spend.... ijs
booking a room is easy online. if you ever call for anything, they put you on hold for a long time. once there. checking in is nice and service is nice. the rooms are great. if you have a chance, ask for the fountain view of the bellagio and you can see it from your balcony. they have a nice bathroom. the casino area is ok too. you can find your choice of game there unless its poker, they dont have poker. the crowd is a bit younger and party people, so if your there to party, its great. only thing about the hotel i dont like is the service. always waiting for something. i been to other casinos that are more efficient.
Without a doubt, the most beautiful hotel on the strip. It's trendy and modern, caters to the young, but had a classy, "old vegas" edge. The customer service I've received on the 3 occasions we've stayed, however, has been less than spectacular. It was uncomfortable, to the say the least, to be refused by the bell desk when asking something simple (can you hold my carry-on while I shop this afternoon?). I will likely give this hotel another chance...but maybe I'll just stay at Planet Hollywood.
For me, this hotel is a mixed bag. . . 5 stars for the chandelier . 2 stars for the layout. 4 stars for the location on the strip. 4 stars for the rooms. 2 stars for cleanliness. . The chandelier is a showstopper all on its own. Everyone has to take at least one picture in front of it. Gorgeous. The hotel overall is classy, chic, and very modern.. . I personally don't like the layout of the hotel and casino. It's confusing and not conducive after a late night of drinking. You might get lost. . . The hotel's location on the strip is perfect. You are smacked dab in the middle of Las Vegas Blvd. The only problem is that the parking garage and taxi stand areas are so small and stuffy. You will have to wait a long time for cabs because they don't have a large area to drive into.. . The rooms are nice and comfortable. I saw the rooms on the lower floors and they were very cute. Had a cute sitting area and a very homey feel. The decor differs on certain floors. I was also on the 60th floor and these rooms were AMAZING! Roomy, ultra clean, ultra modern. Everything was top of the line. This is where is the celebrities stay. I like the rooms, I just don't like the drastic difference of decor among all the rooms. This high end hotel should have high end rooms no matter what the cost. . . Level of cleanliness kind of goes with the rooms. I thought the rooms were thoroughly clean, but the places outside the hotel needed a good scrub down. The hallways in the lower level floors looked horrible (see my picture). They were grey and dirty. Again, a high end hotel should have high end finishings everywhere.. . Overall, it's a good hotel, but for the price you pay, I expect the highest levels of cleanliness and experience.
beautiful hotel, great food, great pools but the check in is a pain! I checked in on line before getting to the hotel and it still took me 15 mins to get my room key. the second day the room key stopped working and I had to stand in line again for 20 mins to get a new one. . The good thing is that they are dog friendly (50$ per night fee) and you can take your dog by the pool with you (just the small pool).. The only complain here is that there are lots of restaurant inside the hotel that have tables outside the main walls but they don't allow dogs! Such a shame for a dog friendly place.. Overall I will go back, mainly for the food and the pet friendly policy.
Positives:. . 1. Allows guests access to the balcony (never experience a Vegas hotel that allowed for this [i.e. The Palms/Palms Place locked the balcony door preventing guest from accessing it]). . 2. Had our room upgraded to the 1 bedroom suite in the East Tower, on the 56th floor for $80 total :D. . Negatives:. . 1. The architect who designed the entrance to the Cosmopolitan failure utterly to take into consideration differentiating a drive way lane for guests/valet and taxis. My friends and I checked in around 11pm last friday night, it literally took 45 minutes front the car entry way to get to the valet because 2 very narrow lanes were the only way to get to the entry point and valet my car. . . 2. The Cosmo has to be the only Las Vegas hotel i've ever stayed at that would not allow me to call the valet from my room phone for the car to be pulled up while i head down. Not to the mention the average 20-25 minute wait for my car to arrive.. . 3. The one bedroom suite for $80 was a deal. But we were three guys staying in a suite obviously designed for a couple / voyeur porno / peeping tom. The shutters to the bathroom were controlled by a tab on the outside, and the  "window" next to the bathtub did not even have a glass window, only wooden shutters, through which anyone could come as go as they pleased. Not to mention the fact that the sliding door did not lock and the shower/bath was seperated from the sink area by a see through glass door. The lack of privacy was unacceptable. [reception guy screwed up big on that one.]. . 4. The pull out sofa in the living room was basically just springs...the sad excuse for a mattress might as well not have even been there. . . 5. The entire mini fridge was stocked full of over priced drinks and gave us no room to put any water or our drinks inside. When I called and asked the front desk to remove the unwanted items in the fridge they stated to us that, that was not possible. [all the other hotels i've stayed at either removed the items or never even had them there in the first place.]. . . - Oh an we went to Marquee for the first time, Armin was playing that night. XS is way way nicer and larger than Marquee. I'll never be going back there again.. . *I will not be returning to the Cosmo unless it's with my lady, and even then. It's a maybe.
The hotel is amazing. No doubt about this luxury resorts beauty, elegance, and potential. The booking staff/agents that Maritz Rewards provided were wonderful and accommodating.. . Hotel/resort appearance: 5 stars. Hotel amenities: 5 stars. Hotel Food: 5 stars. This resort is beautiful. The room was immaculate, and the cleaning staff was very understanding with our late nights and throwing off their cleaning schedule. The amenities were amazing, and every food choice was outstanding from the wicked spoon to secret pizza.. . Casino: 2 stars . Although the rewards are very lucrative, the payouts were horrible on the machines we played on. The staff at the casino was not very accommodating and the floor coverage was non-existent.. . Floor Drink Service: 1 star. I love to tip great service. The drink staff was very rude, slow (30-45 minutes per order) and expected tips every time I ordered non-alcoholic beverages. I completely understand this is how they earn a living...but, to stand there expecting a tip, for long awkward periods of time...scoff...make comments under your breath that the patrons can hear....is simply unacceptable. Then to ignore that patron because you weren't tipped is ridiculous. I simply will not tip for every drink you bring me that is a soft beverage that takes 30-40 minutes to arrive. No excuse for the attitude, and unprofessional behavior of the staff. . . The Henry: 1 star. Was seated immediately. We ordered a soft drink and a milkshake, and asked the waiter to return for the rest of our order. The milkshake order was incorrect, ordered chocolate, brought back a strawberryshake. We then spent the next 40 minutes waiting for someone to come by the table for our order and to fix the mistake. I then had to go to the hostess because our waiter was flatly ignoring us. They did finally fix our milkshake order, and prepped it to go....we no longer were willing to wait any further for food since it took over 50 minutes for our waiter to come back to the table.. . Valet: 2 stars. Slow, and unorganized.. . Marquee nightclub: 5 stars. Great music, great atmosphere, and a beautiful design.. . Security staff: 5 stars. I did not notice one incident of any issues with unruly patrons, security staff is very well trained to keep the undesirable element at bay. Security let us into our room when our key stopped working, they were prompt, polite, and effective.
Such mixed feelings about this place.  I give it 5 stars for decor and their rooms, but 1 star for service.  We came here for the summer concert series, and we were super excited to stay here.  The room was AWESOME.  Love love love. . . On the other hand, service was absolutely abysmal.  They directed us to 5 different places until we were able to get our tickets for the concert.  There was such a disconnect between the personnel--there were other patrons who were in the same situation as us.  Everyone was complaining about how they were being sent to different places.  . . Furthermore, when we ordered room service, the food did not come until more than an hour later.  MORE THAN AN HOUR!  That is ridiculous!  I know it's a popular hotel, but really... this defeats the purpose of room service. . . Sure, the look and feel of the room is important, but when one stays in such an expensive hotel, service is super important too.  I really hope they work on this or else I will not be returning.
This hotel is pretty with plenty of nice dining options. It has a safe atmosphere for women or for hanging out alone. The chandelier bar is beautiful. It doesn't have a lot of shopping choices that I was interested in though.
I don't think I'm cool enough to come here often. The vibe here is certainly sexy hip style. Don't bring your children here. In fact, don't bring your children to Las Vegas at all. Ever. I don't gamble, so I cant speak to the gaming. The rooms were spacious and fine for my stay.
So, I just read Cynthia C's review and just about puked when I read about the squiggly HAIR in her food? wTF? Hairs are bad enough, but SQUIGGLY? We all know what those tend to be! Gagggggggg  I'm also wondering about that great lip balm and toothbrush provided in Cynthia's room, because they sure as heck weren't in mine! Now I feel really jipped!.      I just returned from a weekend at the Cosmo.I was there for a conference, so there is a lot to do with the hotel that I can't even comment on at all. I thought the suite was great, although not my style, who cares? It was a weekend, and I expect that in Vegas. The suite was enormous. The bed comfy. The mini bar, already depleted when I got in the room (and then the charge was on my bill...but removed when pointed out). The shower/tub/window view, etc was pretty cool. No serious problems with temp. There were definitely dirty areas of the room, which is disgusting. When I'm forking out $660 for two nights, I don't want to find hairs, thick dust and filth all over the sliding doors hampering my view of Vegas. Definitely creepy feeling. Only cleaned out one sink the second day. Cleaning staff is definitely the most lacking. .       The view of the Bellagio fountains was great...and just how spacious the balcony was. I ordered room service one night, and it was relatively quick, decent tasting, and the server who delivered was quite friendly. The staff in general didn't seek you out to check on you, but if you approached them with questions, etc, they were all very friendly and helpful. Tip: much fresher and more economical drinks in Vitals - the 24 hour store near checkin. Maybe even more variety of food and snacks would be great..      Oh yeah, also, the second TV in my suite didn't work. It made obnoxiously loud sounds and just wouldn't ever correct itself. No remote for that tv either. Restaurant selection was lacking, they really need to offer something more basic and/or casual. let's see. i had three or four screwdrivers throughout the weekend and they were all slightly different than each other. Only one was truly orange, which is frightening really. I chose a screwdriver because I thought it would be so basic and simple. Ha the screwdriver cost nearly $11, and of course was tiny. The hotel felt like a meat market, at least at night. but, maybe all of vegas is that way at night? Other positives: quick elevators to all floors and the chandelier bar was beautiful.
You would think with such a beautiful atmosphere they would have better customer service. Sat down in a booth to watch an amazing band (which is the ONLY reason they're getting stars) and only received an offer for cocktails once. Mind you, our group is about 40 large and we were completely ignored. I'm not asking to be waited on hand and foot but I would like a drink every once in a while. Went to the bar only to be ignored by the bartender as well. It is a Saturday night and it is busy but to completely ignore a group Of EXCELLENT paying patrons is unacceptable. Our cocktail waitress was rude and snooty. Beautiful atmosphere. Very swank. However, will probably not be returning any time soon.
We stayed here for four nights, would not give a AAA five star rating. The room was nice, but like mentioned before, linens had holes, bed not the most comfortable and towels scratchy. High tech room controls lacking, control for curtains  did not work properly. Bar drinks grossly over priced, we only used the breakfast buffet, good but lacking in service.  Valet parking is a joke.  I thought the whole purpose of valet was to have your car delivered to the front door, not to have to walk to the end of the building. Poor air circulation in the casino, smoke seemed to linger. The maids were the only people who seemed to care enough about the guest to say " good morning". To get to the guest rooms, all you had to do was wave your hand, security didn't ask to see your room card. View from the room was boring, rooms on the front of the building might be a better choice.
Being one of the newer casinos, it is exciting to walk into this one.  It looks really nice.  Elegant with a good atmosphere.  The pool is wonderful and faces the strip, great views too.  But the casino, as nice as it is, is small.  Considering it is sandwiched between two high end casinos, the Bellagio and Aria, you would think it would lure other gamblers but having cheaper tables or looser slots.  Nope.  If I have to pay the price of a high end casino, I would rather go to the casinos on each side of it or even Planet Hollywood, which is clearly larger.
Overall not so good. Awesome room. Great view (balcony view was spectacular). We could see Bellagio's water show. Service was not so good, valet parking took 15min to take our keys ( low on staff) when leaving valet parking was fast. Inside cabinet were dirty. Hot tub was dirty. Will consider staying again for a second review. We stayed on 59th floor.
