A 3.5 star restaurant. Casual feel with tapas style dining or solid entrees. The tapas/appetizers are all pretty decent. They have lots of Spanish type of tapas.. . The paella was really disappointing, and expensive, too. Skip it.. . Service though was excellent and the whole staff was very accommodating and helpful in providing suggestions and even designing a set menu of recommendations for us.
Half of what we had was VERY GOOD and the other half was mediocre.  . . Mussels in a spiced broth, Squid ala plancha with carmelized red onions, Lamb Chop, and Filet with Cheese and honey were the bomb!!!. . I will be back to enjoy another Burgans Albarino with the seafood and a Ribera del Duero with the meat!. . Some of the other dishes were lackluster, and the atmosphere leaves little to be desired.    Overall, MUCH better than firefly.
I love tapas, so my friends and I decided to try Julian Serrano for some tapas before we leave Aria at Vegas. We were generally happy with the tapa dishes we ordered. I specifically had the Pan Manchego, which was tasty! . . Per our server's recommendation, we ordered the Mix Paella with lobster, clam, mussel and shrimp. It had tons of flavor, but the paella was a bit undercooked. . . Great presentation, service was alright, and the tapas aren't the best that i've had. Still worth a try though!
Tapas can be tricky.  But a la Scott decided to venture into Julian Serrano"s at the aria hotel inn Vegas and sample a few of the offerings. . . First off sheik and cool space. Very inviting. Part of the very modern and edgy hotel build out.  . . Tapas can be an adventure so choose carefully.  But if you are feeling less daring you can always go for the paellas.  . . Started with the lobster gazpacho.  Quite good and a touch of coconut butter was a surprising add to a traditional spanish soup,. . Veered off into the grilled anges flat iron steak.  It tempted me because of the Japanese eggplant.  Good choice but it looked more flavorful then it was. . . Rounded out with the chicken croquetas. A nice and rich traditional tapas dish comprised of chicken and bechamel. . . It's Vegas baby and food here is good on the high end.  This is my second trip to julian serrano and I'd say it is a pretty decent adventure into spanish tapas but hardly knock your socks off. . . Cool space--interesting menu  and despite some blandness in flavors--give it a go for something different a cool setting.   . . Price point is on the  high side so be prepared.. . A la scott gives this one three stars.
We stumbled in off the plane and had a tasty lunch. For 2 people - calamari a la plancha, xato salad, scallops in romesco sauce, white ceviche and raspberry tuna skewers - it was all good and beautifully presented. No drinks. $80 for a light lunch felt a bit steep.
What's a girl to do?  Eric R. had some friends in town staying at Aria - they told us to come around 8:45 or 9, but they HAD to be at XS between 10:30 and 11 to line jump into the club.  A Friday night, on the strip, and a quick dinner?  Sounds like Mission: Impossible!. . Well, I had done some yelp-homework driving over and read a few reviews from yelpers I trust, and figured we might get into Julian Serrano fast and have a decent meal.  Everyone on yelp said potatoes bravas but my weird fiance dislikes potatoes so we did not go for that.. . We got in fast (they said 15 minute wait, it was 5), and our server was really quick and friendly.  The two friends ordered entrees (lamb chops and chicken breast) but Eric R. and I opted for tapas.  We shared the calamari a la plancha with caramelized onions (definitely one of my faves), the frisee-smoked salmon-anchovy salad (was okay), the ahi tuna cones (too mayo-y and nothing special), and the duck confit with orange (also a fave).  Eric ordered the pizza special and the lobster-pineapple skewers for himself.  He seemed surprised that I didn't want ceviche, but I ordered to share and he doesn't like ceviche.  Plus he ate more than me anyway with his own 2 tapas.. . We also split a pitcher of Sangria ($44, much higher than off the strip of course) but it was about 1.5 glasses per person for $11 each rather than 1 for $9 each, so it seemed to be a good deal.  Overall, it was pricey and okay, the service was good, but we don't plan to return.
Meh.  This was a culinary let down.  I'm a fan of Tapas and here is what I thought.  Pretty expensive for what you get and really nothing that special.. . Nice staff and atmosphere - hip, fun. Stuffed dates - fry oil past it's prime ?. Lamb Chop - Very Fatty, half raw.. Lobster Salad - really good.. Olives - they're olives.. White anchovy - very salty. Potato/Onion Gratin - so salty it was stupid. . So, not so amazing.  I think Serrano of Picasso fame is a great chef, but Serrano was just average Tapas.
I am a big fan of Tapas. Having been to Spain a number of times I am somewhat of a Tapas-snob, if you will. I wanted to try this restaurant because, well...it's a Julian Serrano! And it was in the new city center where my friends and I wanted to be. The ambiance left something to be desired. It was an open plan and open to the "mall" or whatever you call the Aria lobby. It almost gave off the feeling of a food court. And when you're paying top dollar for tapas, you want an ambiance. But regardless, the sangria was perfect, not too sweet and had the perfect balance of wine and fruit. The lobster gaspacho is so delicious, but I wish the bowl was bigger. With the gaspacho came an egg that may have been dipped in liquid nitrogen. It was exquisite. We also tried the patatas bravas, which were good and pretty much one of the only traditional things on the menu. I also had the tuna cones, which were fantastic and the lobster with molecular pineapple. This was my first experience with molecular gastronomy. I will say it was definitely interesting. The pineapple ended up having the texture of polenta. Overall the food was good but with the decor and pricing, I expected more.
This was my first real "tapas" dining experience and probably will be my last.. . I knew tapas were small plates and meant for sharing...but um, what is there to share?  Unless you're here for a snack or on a really strict diet, it may not be a good choice if you're hungry.  The 3 Stars is not just for SMALLER than normal portions, but the lack in flavor of some of the Tapas.. . 1.  Bacon wrapped stuffed dates:  1 star.  Isn't the bacon supposed to be salty to contrast the sweet date?  The whole thing was just too sweet and bacon was burnt and had no saltiness. . . 2.  Pork Belly:  1 Star.  Not really pork belly, just a piece of roast pork.  One bite and it was all gone.  Nothing spectacular.. . 3.  Lobster skewers: 1 Star.  Just skip it. trust me.. . Fortunately, there was a light at the end of the Tapas tunnel.  We decided to order the Mixed Paella and it turned out to be delicious!  It was one of the best paellas I've ever had.  For $50, enough to share...or feed one hungry person.. . Also, I have to give stars to the service.  This place had really good service and the Sommelier was very knowledgeable and made really great suggestions for wine pairings.
Julian Serrano is considered a fine dining restaurant, but the restaurant's location is in an open area of the ARIA Hotel, seemed to me more like a casual environment. The decor is lovely and modern, but doesn't have that Spanish Tapas feel. The wait staff is very prompt and courteous. For a party of 4, we pre-order the Mixed Paella, which required 35 minutes to prepare. So we indulged on a couple of pitchers of Mojitos. It didn't take too long before our Paella arrived. . . Entrees: . Steamed Mussels, steamed in shallot and garlic, brandy, natural jus. Broth was full of flavor, just wished we had bread to soak it all up (wasn't offered). . . Brava Potatoes, covered with spicy tomatoes and aioli sauce. Spicy with a kick! . . Mixed Paella with lobster, mussels, chicken, Spanish pork chorizo, vegetables and saffron rice. The rice was a little under cooked. Lots of ingredients but lack the saffron flavor, which makes a good paella dish. . . OVERALL EXPERIENCE: Not your norm tapas place. I'm used to tapas places with the Spanish flare, fun decor and loud (the louder the better!). A bit pricey, but that's what you pay to get the Vegas feel. Portions were small.  I guess my search continues to find the best tapas place in Vegas.
For my last meal in Vegas, I wanted to try a place on the Strip owned by a "name" chef. And why not try a different cuisine out at the same time? When I came across Julian Serrano at the Aria, I knew this was the place to try. It is my first time trying out Spanish cuisine, not counting an Elite Event at Pintxo last year.. . While the dinner entree menu is high priced, I found lunch here to be reasonably priced. Tapas are offered for lunch alongside items like sandwiches, salads and paellas which range from $10-$14.. . The decor is Spanish with a lot of bold and bombastic colors. Yellow being dominant. It is an upscale restaurant, but it feels very inviting. Even though I was dressed casually, I felt comfortable here. Though this was at lunch. Not sure what the vibe at dinner is like here.. . I had the seafood rice ($14) which is a paella that has calamari, mussels, shrimp and monkfish! It is served in an individual size skillet which I praise for presentation. The actual dish itself was okay. It was a little too salty. Probably from the stock. The saffron rice could have cooked a little longer. Tasted a bit firm. I did like all of the seafood and the green beans were fresh and crisp however.. . I did also get a red sangria ($9) here. It is good, albeit a little pricey. The  drink was filled with orange and apple slices. It is a good addition to your meal.. . Overall, I like Julian Serrano more than I dislike it. Seemed like the dish that I had was not executed as well as I would have liked. Still the lunch menu here is worth checking out for moderately priced eats.
I was pleasantly surprised by Julian Serrano.  The 9 of us went for dinner on Saturday night and it was pretty packed.  The service was excellent and very proper which I loved.. . To drink, I had the Manzana Delizioso and it was so delicious!  Not too sweet, fresh apple taste.. . To eat, we had:. . Mixed Seafood Ceviche: really good.  Seafood was fresh and the flavors were excellent.. Meat and Cheese: piece of perfectly cooked medium rare soft tenderloin and a slice of brie cheese atop a slice of baguette.  Delish!. Mushroom Risotto:  cooked al dente.  This was good but it didn't blow me out of the water.. Fried Calamari: calamari could have been bigger.  I felt like I was mostly eating fried batter.  The roasted pepper sauce was good but not great.. Bacon Wrapped Dates: I've had this dish tons of times before and I sometimes even make it at home but this wasn't very good here.  I think it was mainly because it was fried.  I had never had this dish fried but I didn't think it added anything to it.  As the matter of fact, the fried aspect brought this dish down.. Crispy Pancetta:  pork belly with molecular mozzarella with a shot glass of pea puree.  I wasn't impressed by this dish at all.  I didn't get the whole molecular mozzarella especially because I didn't think it added much to the dish.  You can barely taste it.  The pea puree?  Eh, it wasn't great either.  I just didn't think the components of this dish came together well.. Black Rice: undercooked.  The seafood in it was good but the rice was hard.  Wouldn't order this again.. Brava Potatoes:  cubes of cooked potato with some type of sauce on it.  Underwhelming.. . I give this place 3 stars because it's ok but not great but I would still go back for a pre-partying dinner.  It's nice because you can get a bunch of dishes and share and not get too stuffed.  Oh yeah, and I really appreciated their great service! :)
We weren't too hungry, so this place was perfect. Got to try a few different things. . . Calamari (sauteed) - my favorite. I WILL be back for this!!!. Ahi tempura - only 2 pieces but good. White ceviche - good size, refreshing  . Salmon with truffle oil - good size, different, . Flat iron steak - ok, but I'm not a big fan of steak. . Almond cake - good, nothing amazing... I should have tried the sweets across the way :(
Overall, a good experience, but wouldn't go back. . . The good- takes reservations, helpful waiter, pretty fast service, decent food, and splits the bill 5 ways with 5 credit cards.  The bad- it ate my wallet, inside and out.  serving size is ok to share, and ok to not share.. . What we ordered: . lobster salad- decent.  not too special. crispy pancetta iberica- pork was excellent (nice and fatty), but pee puree on the side was nasty.. white ceviche- excellent job with this.  the only thing at the end was that it got super sour. . mediterranean bass- nice and moist.  nothing too special about it, but they did a good job of it.. tuna cones- aesthetically pleasing to look at.  i don't really like avocado, but it was good to eat.  towards the end though, it got a little too rich and creamy. . seared scallop- i've had better.  came out rubbery since it was a little overcooked.  don't order this.  only two pieces too!. pato confitado- my dish of the night.  duck was SUPER tender, SUPER moist.  the sauce was excellent.  a MUST-TRY.  . grilled angus flat-iron steak- just the regular.  don't bother wasting your time since you can get it practically anywhere.  . bacalao a la gabardina- battered fried fish.  nothing too special but the dipping sauce was good.. red sangria- couldn't really taste the fruit in there, but it was good.. virgin sangria- tasted like a dole fruit juice, but better.  had fresh strawberry puree in it.  . . We ordered double of three dishes, but all this was enough to get us pretty full.  The desserts looked appetizing, but since we were in a happy place and out wallets already emptied out, we called it a meal.  Just...be prepared to spend $40-$50 per person at least if you're planning on eating this for a full on meal.  Enjoy!
So Sunday we were looking for something different. We decided to. this place out. Tapas in general were very good. The Paella was ok and the Red Sangria was flavourful. Compared to the tapas joint here in Maimi, we thoroughly enjoyed it.
Meh, they definitely fall into the pretentious crowd and given that ARIA's giving their rooms away and they are right near check-in that makes them a bit silly. . . I came mid-day by myself and sat at the bar but service lagged while they talked to each other 3 feet away from me.. . I really like the decor and the food options were interesting, but I was underwhelmed with what I got. I had a tuna-watermelon dish but could barely taste the tuna because the watermelon was so overwhelming. The riesling I paired with it may have been also to blame.
Just another reason why I love the Aria (#1 reason- that vanilla smell!  Supposedly it's an aphrodisiac).  Julian Serrano's atmosphere is great- I wish I had taken a picture of the pretty trees all around the restaurant.  . . And boy do I love tapas. Here's what we got (or at least what I remember). . Ahi Tuna Tempura with avo & mango salad and wasabi foam: The foam was a little strange to me but the ahi was delicious!. . Grilled Angus Flat Iron Steak w/ Eggplant and mushroom demi: MM.  Possibly my favorite.  Super tender and the eggplant was bomb!. . Salmon with Truffle:  Okay, wait, this one was my favorite.  The truffle sauce was a revelation... HAHA.. . Tuna Cones: Hm, not bad...but I preferred the tuna tempura.. . Chicken Chilindron: Pretty good, I didn't really like the combo of tomatoes, chicken and ham initially but after a few bites really warmed up to it.. . Pan Manchego: Oh man, I may have to change my mind yet again because this was so freaking good.  Evolved bruschetta.. . The server didn't know if bread was free or not, but gave it to us anyway and later found out it wasn't (but didn't charge us, win!).  Basically consumed my body weight in free bread, because man those tiny plates are hard on the wallet.
The reason for the three stars - the service.  Horrific service!. . We arrived at 3:30 pm, looking for a light snack as we were traveling with another couple who liked to take the afternoon in their room.  We were having dinner in a couple of hours at horrible Rio, so glad we stopped and enjoyed this meal.. . When we finally got  a waiter, we ordered the bravas - incredibly excellent, the tuna cones - not bad needed more pepper, a mixed antipast sausage plate which had some spanish chorizo that just melted in my mouth.  I wanted seconds, thirds and fourths!. . I also ordered a white sangria, not bad, very refreshing.. Hubby ordered the beer.  Here is where it starts to go downhill.. . First waiter does not come to table for a solid 10 minutes.  They're all standing around talking.  The place was empty by the way.  . Second, had no clue what they had on tap.  Totally absimally clueless.. Brought over a menu of drinks, had to call him to come back after another 10 minutes went by!! . . We get our tapas, where the drinks?  After being halfway through our meal, we get my Sangria, no beer.. We finish the meal, no one ever comes back to the table to check to see how we're doing, refill the water, nothing. . . We ask for the check, a different waiter comes by and guess what - the beer is present.  So we ask for it to be removed we never got it.. After some scoffing and a 'what?, Well let me bring it to you now, its sitting on the bar".  Excuse me?  Its been there for at least 10 minutes.  You can keep it.. . The two waiters now start arguiing and manager has to remove the drink.  We paid and actually thought of returning and sitting in the bar, but frankly were too tired to make the trek for bad service.. . Great food though.
In the land of tasty Vegas cuisine, Julian Serrano finished right smack in the middle of it all. While it wasn't remarkable, it was a fine meal overall. . . The Good: The decor is shiny and bright, servers are attentive and helpful and there's a fair amount of tapas to appease just about any palate. In particular, the calamari, stuffed dates, risotto were standouts. Portions were mostly averaged sized, some much more generous than others. . . The Meh: Like many tapas places, Julian Serrano can get really pricey if you're on the hungry side. I wasn't blown away by the sangria...it was fine but nothing I haven't experienced before. And a handful of the dishes we ordered were good, but not great (pork, ceviche). And while I did like the decor, the location of the restaurant definitely doesn't lend itself to any intimate date. It's smack dab in the middle of all the check in/check out action at Aria. . . If you looking to share a few small plates, have a drink with friends, this is a great place to check out. Don't expect to have an uber romantic experience, though!
DO NOT get the Early Tasting Menu.  Each dish was pretty underwhelming.  By no means was it bad, but I was just expecting more.  . . The saving grace of the meal was that my group also ordered the tuna/raspberry skewer.  Delicious!  Opt out of the tasting menu and get a bunch of these plates. Yummy...
The place is beautiful. Depending on time of day and crowd, there is energy here. The waiters are excellent. The food...not that good! Perhaps they were having an off day, but everything was a little too delicately flavored for me. The Brava Potatoes are comparable to the Cheesy Fiesta Potatoes at Taco Bell (congratulations Taco Bell, I guess). And the mixed paella was a oil drenched rice with overcooked crab and lobster.
Oops! This is a way overdue review...came to this place May 2010 with my boyfriend when we visited Aria for the first time. We were looking for a place to grab a bite and happened to pass by Julian Serrano.  We walked in and got seated right away.  We looked at their menu and weren't sure what to order, we ended up taking the waiter's suggestions.  We ordered:. . *Avocado Cannelloni from their New Tapas menu. This dish from what I remember was seaweed with avocado for $14.. . *Gambas shrimp from their Ceviches and Seafood menu for $12.  This dish had 4 pieces of sauteed shrimps, garlic and arbol chili.. . When we got our dishes, my BF and I looked at each other surprised - our dishes were small and realized this place was an expensive place to eat.  Our food was delish and we loved both; but we walked out starving.. . This place is a nice place if you have the money to spend, otherwise go elsewhere.  I'm sure you won't be disappointed with the food here, you're pretty much paying for the taste and presentation; you just have to be willing to spend you money on food.. . I would go back here if I win some extra cash from gambling, otherwise i'm spending my money on food somewhere else where I can get fool off one meal =)
steamed mussels - 5 stars!  The sauce was delicious but didn't taste guilty.. . tuna cones - 4 stars! 1 is not going to seem like enough.  Presentation was lovely.. . stuffed dates - meh.  I wouldn't order again.  The bacon was burnt.. . montado serrano - meh.  Not bad, but seems like something you can probably make at home with the right ingredients.  . . I had 2 of the manzanas which were dangerously delicious.  Refreshing and not headache sweet.
The menu was exciting. The execution wasn't bad, but it didn't quite delight either. I had the truffled salmon with portobello which was outstanding. The wild mushroom soup with foie gras foam (sounds good, right - if you're a foodie you'd give this a try wouldn't you?) was just ok. The wilted spinach salad was fine - the usual baby spinach, pine nuts, pear chunk creation you'd expect and the '06 Rioja by the glass was pretty good too. The only tapa that failed was the charcuterie. I've had way better dried / cured pork delicacies in Spain, in San Francisco, and even in the Minneapolis airport ( I am not making this up ). The service was really good.  My waiter, Pedro, certainly earned his tip.  The Aria hotel is beautiful and well scented - it doesn't smell like Vegas at all. Overall, the meal a pleasant experience, but there was no chance that my toes were going to curl up uncontrollably from ecstacy  if you know what I mean.
A solid 3 star.. . One of the  top specialty restaurants at Aria, a beautiful restaurant, there are some reasons it only got 3 stars from me.. . For 2 people the tab was $145, 2 alcohol beverages, 7 tapas, including one big Plastos Grande, what sucked bad was we were still hungry after all those dishes... :( it never happened to me at any Spanish tapa restaurants in LA, honestly I was really a little surprised. The dishes were super tiny even for Spanish tapas... :(. . Made reservation earlier, hubby asked for a more private booth in the corner, that was a nice comfy seat. our server was friendly, he asked if we have ever tried Spanish tapas, most of them are small dishes, Paellas and Plastos Grandes are bigger dishes, considered to be shared. after taking our drink orders, he gave us some time to decide what to order. . . Orders for 2 people:. . Lemon drop martini, Double Patron Margarita : both are strong and yummy. . Mixed baby romaine salad : flavorless.  . Fisherman's soup: OK.  . Tuna-raspberry skewer: flavorless .  . Egg ravioli: flavorless.  . Monkfish and pisto : flavorless. . Grilled angus flat iron steak : fairly delicious. . Mariscada: the best dish we had, (lobster tail | head-on shrimp | scallop | mussels | clams | savory meringue), $35, the seafood in it was so fresh, very flavored but not salty.. . Other dishes were all not salty, but totally flavorless, especially the monkfish and tuna. they actually tasted the same, considering tuna was raw, and monkfish was cooked. :( . . I suggest 2 ppl order at least 2 Plastos Grandes, ($30- $45 ), or 1 plastos Grande and 1 Paella ($40- $50),  plus at least 6 or 7 small tapas to have a satisfied full tummy after eating there.. . The service was good but not great, and the ambiance was strange, people wear shorts, flip flaps, mixed with people wear suits and dresses, I couldn't figure out this was a casual dining place or top specialty dining place at Aria.... very odd indeed...  . . Kinda disappointing dining experience there. :( Not going back for a very very long time....
So, my friends & I came here after seeing some good reviews on Yelp. The restaurant itself is really nice. Since it's tapas, we ordered a bunch of stuff:. . Stuffed piquillo peppers. Beef and cheese. Avocado cannelloni. Grilled angus flat iron steak. creamy risotto. traditional spanish chicken croquettes. Montana serrano. coca mallorquina. almond cake. molton cake. . The best thing was the stuffed piquillo peppers! We could have had 5 plates of those, lol. The rest of the food was good, but nothing special (especially for the price). I'm glad we tried it, but we all agreed that we've had better tapas elsewhere.
This place is super cute but our server was an ass super rude and the service is slow
We choose this place based on all the  4-5 star reviews from Yelp.  I am only giving it 3 stars based on what we ate.  I do believe we DID order the wrong things and didnt really get a good taste of the restaurant.  . . We ordered 5 tapas plates:. Lobster Pineapple Sticks (just ok, nothing special) . Ahi Tuna Tempura (great!!! Delicious). Fried Calamari (gross!!! Lacking flavor in the calamari and the aioli). Egg Ravioli (looks good but not what I expected). Seared Scallops (perfectly done and well seasoned.  Delicious!) . . I'm a big fan of food and I love to try new places.  I was excited to try Julian Serrano but I'm afraid this place doesn't live up to the great expectations.  I did expect more but i have to agree with what another fellow Yelper said, she also gives it a "solid 3 stars.". . I left disappointed and still hungry!!!  Be forewarned, the portions are SMALL!!!
It was good not outstanding. It was filling but not something I would go back to.
I came here with some friends for a fun dinner.  We were looking for something different and tapas in the lobby of Aria seemed like the way to go. . . We ordered off of the early prix fixe menu, overwhelmed by all the choices off the regular menu.  We were pretty pleased at the selection we had and our food, while delicious, wasn't what any of us would have considered spectacular.  . . Overall, it was a great choice for us with the exception of the inattentive service who cleared our wine glasses after one round each, assumingly in a hurry to rush us out the door.  . . Enjoyable but I wouldn't return.
With so many amazing restaurants in Vegas, I wanted Julian Serrano to be better than it was.. . It's visually stunning - the colors are beautiful and happy and vibrant... but why the televisions?  And why were they playing a program showing people being decapitated?  And why was our waiter so... laissez fair and slow?. . Anyway.  The raw tuna dish was amazing, as was a dish with egg, french fries and pancetta (my dream breakfast).  The pork on skewers dish we had wasn't good at all - it was tough, chewy and flavored in a way that did not make my mouth happy.  The cured meat platter didn't "wow" me.. . I did like the Spanish lessons being played in the bathroom.   Glad I tried this place, but I want my Spanish food taken up a few notches.
The tapas were all fine, but nothing to write home about. The pata negra, which I always get if it is available, was OK. It was fatty but had a weird aftertaste to it that I have never had the other times I tried pata negra. At $38 per order, it should be phenomenal. The bacalao fritters were good as were the albondigas but they should give you bread to soak up the albondigas sauce. The black rice was good and the seafood was fresh but there was nothing that was special about the dish. The stuffed dates were OK. I expected more from Julian Serrano, maybe one dish that was transcendent but of the ones I tried, none were. At least there are tapas restaurants in Las Vegas now.
Food was pretty authentic in parts all that except the molecular stuff.. Very PRICEY and lacks a restaurant setting overall.
Food is great but the seating is not great! The tables are to close to each other. It's difficult to have a conversation. Besides that, the food and service is great!
Tapas is Spanish for, "little food for a lot of money" and this could not be any more true at this restaurant.  Service was quick, but the portions were much smaller and more expensive than other Tapas places, like the one in the Cosmo.  I will say the pineapple and coconut milk was outstanding.  Plan to spend $75 per person not to walk out hungry.
Here's the thing with reviewing Vegas strip MEGA property restaurants -- you're going to be raped no matter what you do.  Portions small, prices gargantuan.   So when you bend over to pick up the soap, you're really reviewing how far you have to bend over and if the soap smells nice.. . Many resorts sport interior restaurants.By interior I wish to stress that they lack windows to the outside.  I've got news for the Caesars/Harrah and MGM/Mirage groups:  more and more I'm less and less inclined to eat in a cave.  Unless you have a space as ginormous as the TAO in the Venetian, my business may move elsewhere.. . Julian Serrano's Tapas sits in the lobby of the Aria.  A lobby big enough to fit the Casino Royale inside of it.  The designers smartly made it wall-less on one side.  So despite any nearby windows, there's a definite feeling of space and... wait for it... aria.   The decor is casual but stark, modern but warm somehow.  Not the best in Vegas but definitely different and frankly refreshing.. . Onto the food.  Hmm.   Tapas is a fancy way of saying a menu of appetizers with a re-occuring Spanish theme.   Since my partner in crime is a vegetarian, she was in paradise, since the menu sports 14 or so choices for her.  This rare circumstance ensures her return engagement.. . Since I eat meat, I have to ask myself if it was really so special.  I made a mistake and ordered the ahi-tuna.  It was deep fried, very small, and dry.  I should have returned it but I was engaged in a business meeting of sorts and since I wasn't picking up the tab I stayed quiet and fed myself.   . . Samples of other dishes were all pretty good -- but nothing blew me away.  What I would say is that portions should grow a little and prices should drop a little.  Or a more fun version of this idea would be 'buy three and the cheapest is free'.  That sounds silly, but trust me, that would make this fun -- which is what tapas should be.. . I've tried FIREFLY off the strip and didn't think that was really much better.  Tapas is too easy a way to rip people off and instead should be too easy a way to delight customers.  I dream of Italian tapas and will keep searching for such.. . Until then, not a bad Vegas resort dining experience.  But there are so many better.  MESA, TAO, RAO'S, OLIVES, BLT -- just for starters.
The good:. (1) Portions here are large for tapas.. (2) Service is really fast.. (3) Servers are very friendly.. (4) Anything with beef, tripe, or sausage are excellent.. (5) White fish ceviche!. . The bad:. (1) Spanish tortilla was super oily.  It seemed to be slice of oily potato frittata.. (2) Brava potatoes were very greasy.  Basically cubed fries, but a little soggy.. . Overall, we had an ok experience here.  I liked how we were in and out super quickly so we were able to resume our winning streak at the roulette tables!
Have eaten here probably 4 5x now and it is really one of my fave restaurants for a night out on the Strip... . . So... why 3 stars only this time???  I'm gonna throw the reservation peeps under the bus here... Early last week I called the direct restaurant line (not the general MGM dining reservation line) to speak with someone at the restaurant to reserve a special table (one of the cool "penninsula" tables right by the kitchen) for a special birthday celebration on the subsequent Friday. . . I called at an off hours to ensure that I could explain to the person that I really wanted this particular table blah blah.  To make a long story short, I explained everything and was assured that that table was booked for me at 7:30 that Friday, and received my confirmation code and was so excited for the special birthday meal to come... . . Well, Io and behold we arrived at the designated time that Friday all ready to celebrate and they had screwed up the reservation (had booked us instead at 6pm) so of course, no available kitchen-view table for us :(. . Sigh... So our special evening was celebrated at at tiny table w/ no view of anything at the way back of the restaurant.  The saving grace was absolutely *excellent* service by our super-friendly waitperson (Ernest) and the always amazing food ~ esp. the anchovies on toast, the white ceviche and and a drop-dead delicious mushroom risotto.. . Moral of the story: CONFIRM your reservation the day before to ensure that it has not been screwed up, especially if it is a special occasion evening.
Good food, but I wasn't blown away.  We started with the dates and calamari.  The dates were pretty tasty, but the calamari tasted like it had been warmed up in a microwave.  It was soggy and blah.  Next came the white fish ceviche, which was probably my favorite.  My only complaint was that we didn't get enough chips to go with the fish.  Finally, our entree was mariscada plate.  It came with a lobster tail, shrimp, clams, mussels, and a meringue.  The seafood was good, but the meringue was so strange.  I'm not sure if that's a normal thing to serve with tapas, but it tasted like a sponge - or insulation.  And there was so much of it!  We honestly weren't even sure what it was and asked a server, and she said she wasn't sure either.  We had to look at a menu to figure it out. . . Our waiter was great and the atmosphere was nice.  I also enjoyed the Spanish lesson in the bathroom :)
Came here for a business dinner and sampled some delicious tapas. A little loud, service was pretty decent, enjoyable sangria. I was a little weirded out in the bathroom - instead of music there was a strange english/spanish lesson going on...translating what can only be described as bar language? 'yes, i would like another drink.' 'this wine is delicious.' 'where are the bathrooms?' Strange.. . Some dishes worth checking out:. Fried Calamari - the most tender pieces of calamari I've ever had. Not chewy at all. Magical.. . Black Rice - not overwhelmingly squid-inky/briny.. . Sauteed Padron Peppers - addictive. We were popping these like edamame.. . Stuffed dates - yeah, these are your basic bacon wrapped stuffed dates taken one step further. Crisp and fried.. . I think we also got an oxtail dish? I have no idea what it was, but I've never had such tender meat before. Heavenly.
I was a bit disappointed with this first try of Seranno's tapas restaurant in Aria although the food was very good.  It was the service that was somewhat off.  I decided before I went to try the signature tasting menu--four courses with choices in each section.  . . First course was a choice of a salad or Castilian soup.  I ordered the soup.  My server came back in a short time to tell me they no longer have that soup, and she showed me a menu from which I could choose from three different dishes.  I opted for the Lobster gazpacho.  The server then said, "You know that's cold, don't you?"  Do I look that much like a rube? (that's rhetorical!)  The gazpacho was excellent.  Great tomato flavor and there were several pieces of tasty lobster.. . Course two was the creamy risotto with wild mushrooms and manchego cheese.  The risotto was very flavorful and very enjoyable!. . For the third course, I chose the Crispy chicken breast roulada with sauteed potatoes, pork chorizo, and roasted red pepper.  Very tasty!. . Finally, I was allowed to order anything off their dessert menu rather than choose from the two choices on the tasting menu.  I chose the molten chocolate cake, with orange jelly and blood orange sorbet.  I didn't taste any orange jelly.  The sorbet was sitting on top of some chopped mango.  The cake and the sorbet were very tasty.  It's nice they allow you to choose any dessert because they're all the same price.. . As for the service, aside from the question about gazpacho mentioned above, I was enjoying the risotto and was not yet finished with it when the server brought the chicken roulada and placed it along side the risotto.  It's not like the place was crowded and they were moving the guests out quickly.  Shouldn't a server check before they bring out a dish like this?  My iced tea was not refilled until it was time to order dessert.  It should have been much sooner.  I wonder why a tapas place like this bothers with a tasting menu. . . The dinner was good but it wasn't something that caused me to think that I had to return to this restaurant.  There are too many other places.
Stopped by for a quick lunch, and I was pretty happy with it. We ordered the following tapas (the lunch menu is limited compared to the dinner tapas menu):. . - Gambas: awesome sauteed shrimp, definitely get this. - Brava Potatoes: nice and spicy, recommended. - Beef and Cheese: a giant hunk of meat on a piece of bread, almost no cheese. PASS.. - Pan Machengo: pretty bland, PASS.. - Spanish Tortilla: you would expect this order to have a tortilla, but you'd be WRONG. It is actually more like a quiche. If we had known that, we would not have ordered it.. - Stuffed piquollo peppers: my colleague ordered this and said it was very good.. . Service was very good and attentive without being overbearing. I ordered a glass of sangria and it was unusual because it didn't really have any fruit in it. On the other hand, it was very strong which might be good for you if you're in Vegas.. . I would definitely go back to Julian Serrano, but I would probably try the dinner menu instead because they have more options.
First off, I must say the food, sangria and service were all very good and high quality. But I only give it 3 stars because I feel the prices really are too high for the portions, despite the quality. . 6 of us had dinner here last night, with 2 pitchers of sangria and dessert, and the bill was about $435 with tip. We were comfortably fed, but frankly I could have continued eating. I would come again, but probably not for full dinner.. . We had reservations and were seated right away, near the front open area, which was fine with us. There were open tables in back, we probably could have requested to be seated in a more private area if we wanted. Servers were attentive, made good recommendations when requested, explained each dish well, and kept our glasses full of both water and sangria. . . We had (multiples of many for a table of 6):. . 1 pitcher each, red and white sangria (both delicious! best I've ever had). *White Ceviche (great texture, lots of lime flavor, good portion size). *Seared Scallop (again, great texture, like butter, perfectly cooked, smallish portion, 1 scallop). *Stuffed Piquillo Peppers (a favorite of the night! ordered a second round, 2 peppers per plate). *Creamy Risotto (another best of the night! perfect texture and flavor, moderate portion size). Beef & Cheese (simple name for a tasty dish, good quality, cooked and seasoned well, not super spectacular though, moderate portion size). Tuna Sashimi Cones (great quality, well balanced flavors, but not something I'll crave on its own, 3 cones per plate). Fried Calamari (very good but pretty basic recipe, nothing I can't get elsewhere, moderate portion size). Brava Potatoes (crunchy outside, soft inside, tasty sauce, but still just potatoes, good portion size). Spanish Tortilla (misnomer - this is not a tortilla, more like a potato layered quiche. tasty but nothing special - needed more salt, moderate portion size). . And for dessert we had the Churros and Spicy Chocolate sauce. I was a little disappointed with this dish after the rave reviews on Yelp. It was good, but I would have preferred more cinnamon on the churro, and it was a little too crunchy, in my opinion. . . Overall, it was a very good meal. I probably won't go back for dinner due to "price to fullness" ratio, but I would go for a splurge on drinks with appetizers. I would highly recommend the Sangria, and I marked the dishes with a * that I would definitely order again.. . Many reviews have compared this to Firefly, and I would absolutely rate Julian's higher on quality and class, but maybe not quite worth the price jump for smaller portions. That's just my opinion and I'm sure others will disagree.
I came here for an early dinner tonight to enjoy the tapas.  For a resort hotel the food was very good. But overall, I found the food close to great but just not there. . . The risotto was full of flavor, but a bit too al dente and firm. It should have been a little soupy but the sauce was thick. . . The black rice was prepared the same. Full of flavor with lots of color and contrast and the squid was cooked perfect. But again, I found the rice a bit too firm for my liking. . . Lastly I ordered the monkfish. Cooked crispy, but a touch over seasoned with salt. The veggies underneath and the flavored oils were delicious. . . Service was a bit inattentive and I came early and it wasn't crowded. There's lots of intriguing dishes on the menu, but I'm not sure if I'd make this a dining destination.
So i'll finally write my review... after having dined here twice (once for lunch & the other for dinner on 2 separate vegas trip) this place was still A-OK to me. Firefly definitely beats this tapa's place.  i wish there be more tapas places on the strip tho! . . Ambiance was nice, a nice variety of dishes to select from, and service was perfect. It's a great place to share small bites but do keep in mind it ain't that cheap to dine here. . . But what ordered was all ehhh A-OK, only one dished stood out for us & we really liked was the Lobster Saffron.  The others listed below was mehhh A-OK from our dinner:. . - Creamy Risotto:  very flavorful but the rice was a tad bit undercooked for our taste. .   The manchego cheese was definitely a nice touch.. - Monkfish & Pisto: - seared monkfish, eggplant, zucchini, tomato was all very light .    tasting but not an amazing dish. - Beef & Cheese: prime tenderloin, cheese, honey, walnuts. we didn't even taste.    much of the cheese in this dish but the meat was definitely tender. flavor was ok. - Santiago's cake: a pretty disappointing dessert. we should have gotten the.    bunuelos :P. . This place could do if I need my tapas fix but we'll see if i'll shall return or not~
Definitely a big split for me between the service and the food, but man, the food was good:. . Red sangria - Strong but well-balanced, not too sweet. . . Sauteed padron peppers - This is a big plate, better suited for four; between the two of us, we each had over a dozen peppers. Beware: the heat is cumulative, so you may be a few peppers in before your boca goes en fuego. . . Tuna cones - Least successful; Spago kills it with their tuna cones, though the tuna itself was good.. . Octopus - As noted, the softest octopus out there, tastes great.. . Black rice w/fresh calamari, lobster tail, sofrito, squid ink - Definitely the best dish, just orgasmically good and a must-order if you go. Also, since it's a rice dish, it has some nice, anchoring heft for your tapas meal.. . Bunelos - We are not ashamed to say that we fully dipped each doughnut in the caramel sauce before consuming, and then we finished off what was left of the sauce on its own with our spoons. Gluttontastic!. . Okay, so the service. Our reservation got us the worst table in an otherwise beautiful restaurant: right next to the service station, where servers zipped behind each of our chairs, even kicking the chairs a few times, with no apologies. Rather than attempt to guide us toward a complementary tapas offering, the servers (we had a couple) were more intent on getting the order and getting out. I really would have appreciated them noting, for instance, that the peppers were a pretty big order for two, or that there were three tuna cones for the two of us. There's nothing wrong with being efficient, and I can't knock them for being inattentive, but I felt set aside enough between the poor seating and curt service to pull the four-star meal into a three-star rating for the experience. I liked the food enough to want to return and hope for better service next time, though I'll probably give Jaleo a shot first.
We had a reservation that I had made through the "M Life" card program online, prior to our trip to Vegas, for a late dinner on Wednesday night, since we had a show first. .  I was looking forward to the vegan paella dish, that was what got my attention on their website menu. For $40, I expected it to be fantastic, and it didn't let me down. Hubby and I shared it and we polished it off. It came in a large pan with some spoons to serve ourselves onto our plates. It made for a lovely presentation, i have to say, and it was plenty of food for the two of us. We also had just one tapas to start our meal, the spinach with apple, pine nuts and garlic? It was tasty. I would have liked to try some of the other tapas too, but with the paella coming, we wanted to not stuff ourselves till we burst. . .        The decor is contemporary, the black trees in front were interesting, and I had a view of the back where they have lots of crystal vases and such on shelves. I don't know why they chose to go with that theme of glass decor, but it was classy. Our waiter was a nice guy who answered my questions patiently. The paella didn't take more than maybe 20 - 25 minutes to come out of the kitchen, which he told us would be less time than the other types, which the menu says take 45 minutes, I think. . We didn't have sangria or any other liquor, since i can not currently. . .        I hesitate to say.that we did have an issue with a hostess whom greeted us. . She came off as rude when she couldn't find out reservation, and asked if we booked for that night, and then said to me rather snobbily, "this is SPANISH TAPAS". . I wish I had replied with "Yes, and I was aware of that when I booked dinner here". . Instead, she then seemed to find it and nodded to the other hostess, without any apology for her attitude. The second hostess then walked us to a table, and cheerfully chatted me up about our vacation so far. She was very sweet but was clearly also overcompensating for #1's rudeness. Sigh. After we finished with the paella, my hubby decided to tell the waiter about her, and asked to speak with the manager. He came over and listened then said he will take some things off the bill...so he came back and hubby tells me that he took the PAELLA off, as well as my ice tea. I was shocked, that was pretty cool of him to give us our $40 entree. .  So then hubby was very happy, and I won't comment on my emotional state at the time. Maybe we will go  back in the future for lunch, not sure right now.. . .     After thought:  I was going to order the spanish donuts for dessert, but there was a long pause after I was given the menu for that, so I decided to forget it. I went to the patisserie instead, and had a fun cupcake, thus ruining my vegan diet.
I've had tapas all over including from Spain and I love my tapas. . . Serrano does a very nice job with service, decor, and ambience. No qualms there.. . Their menu is average. They have your typicals like cheese plate, meat plate, patatas bravas, and Spanish tortilla and paellas. There are a few interesting tapas. But nothing that truly jumps at you. However, the tapas we tried were very tasty. I thought the Spanish tortilla was one of the best I've had even compared to Spain. The paellas were also one of the best I have had. We tried there mixed paella and the angel hair one. Both were excellent. . . The price is the main problem. It is completely over priced. It is literally double the price you'd pay normally in the USA and quadruple what you pay in Spain. Although the food is tasty, it's not THAT tasty to make it worth it. . . The alcohol menu is extensive but also completely overpriced. For instance, a bottle of bud light costs $6.50. We did order the sangria for $44 and it was a very good sangria. I'm just not quite sure it's worth it though. Maybe every once in a while?
A blindingly long list of Tapas, from salads brimming with chunks of lobster to fresh meats and seafoods and desserts.  Very open air seating that lets in all the noise of the casino.  Good food, prompt service - not the kind of low-lights and cozy spaces your used to in a Tapas house.  More like shopping mall tapas, although with the Vegas glitz, glitter and chrome, of course.  Best value is probably the steamed mussels - a giant bowl of superbly steamed and flavored bivalves for just nine bucks.. . Good for a quick bite between games in the Casino, or a decent business lunch if you're in a hurry.
Bartenders were awesome, especially Jeff. Made the best drink which I can't remember the name now but boy was it good. Food was just okay for the high price. Lobster gazpacho was refreshing with it's tiny bit of lobster. Shrimp gambas had a high dose of garlic and was swimming in butter.. . Not sure if I'd spend my calories here since there's so many great restaurants in Vegas.
aria interior with access from lobby...spanish tapas 'n' paella...small plates or small bites...sangria pitchers tasty...requesting a tasting and restaurant deciding...tuna tartare seasoned light and well in individual crunchy cones..feeling a little gimmicky for $twenty-eight for six cones...goat cheese and sweet dates lovely snack throughout dinner...seared scallops tasteful, but wanted whole mouthful...avoid small or chopped....creamy cheesy risotto delicious and earthy...brava potatoes great bites with aioli saucing...chicken croquettes crunchy and fried...small bites and spoonfuls for six individuals...finding good, but nothing spectacular for pricing...tasting for $fifty-three per person tapas dinner...
Tapas great, paella salty.  Never had it before thought it would be good here,  tapas were tasty especially the mushroom risotto ,  oxtail was tender ,  potatoes yummy,  garlic chicken was good but I ate a clove of garlic by mistake vampires beware.  However, the paella was way too salty.  And the service for a restaurant in the Aria was only so so.  Service was alot better in cafe in the Aria
Being from Chicago, and having an wide array of Tapas style restaurants to try, I figured Vegas has to at least match in quality, no?  . Overall the restaurant is very organized, very clean, and deserving of prices it demands.  I justfeel the dishes lacked that extra zing.  You know the little touch that makes you crave the food 24/7?  . The tapas menu has a very large wide array that mixes Asian with Spanish influences.  The menu is creative and ingredients that I have never seen before.  Props to that.  Noise level is comfortable and a great place to take a date to impress.  Every time i go to vegas, i do stay at Aria, however, for the price tag, i'm not sure if i would go back here again given there are sooo many options within the hotel.
Food: 2.5 stars. Service: 4.5 stars. Ambience: 4 stars. . Lobster Gazpacho. Ceviche. Black Rice. Black Pig Pintxo. Mixed Paella. White & Red Sangria. . Just wasn't what I expected from a name like Julian Serrano.  Against my wife's wishes, I kinda insisted that we try this place.  And I felt bad for dragging her there.  . . Black rice (squid ink, hence the name) was the best of the bunch, but even with that nothing to write home about.  Everything else was - it pains me to say this - very average.  Considering the restaurant's name and the location, I have to say I was fairly disappointed.. . What sort of saved the night was our waiter - Donovan - who showed what an attentive service can do when things just weren't right.  Apparently, the couple sitting next to us was having the same problem as we did and Donovan seemed to save their night too.
With no experience with Tapas at the moment, I'd say.....this whole thing blows.  With that said, the food was quite good but the portions I would have to say were quite small.....I mean small like a quarter (25 cents).. . So, if you're starving and ya think'n....a buffet would be good.....this is not the place for you!. . Keep in mind that some order may take up to a 1/2 hr to prepare so, make sure you have plenty of Tapas on hand.......and it could get pretty pricey.
I popped in for a mid-afternoon snack on my last visit to Vegas.  I was flying solo, so took a seat at the bar.. . Five stars for Jeff, the bartender, who introduced himself, asked my name, learned where I was from (turned out we have some connections in common in my current city) and allowed me to sample both the red & white sangria.  Both are terrific, not as aggressively sweet and alcoholic as some sangrias can be, and the cinnamon in the red sangria made it perfect for an overcast January day.  The cocktail that followed was also very well-made.. . I'm less enthusiastic about the food.  I ordered two plates, the albondigas (beef & pork meatballs) and the stuffed dates with goat cheese & pancetta.  Each dish was $12, which gets you 4 meatballs and 3 dates.  The dates were insanely good, and the tomato marmalade on the side was a nice touch.  However, 3 of my 4 meatballs were a touch cold in the center, which sends all kinds of bad signals.  I was in a rush so didn't return the food (or even complain), but it was a disappointment.. . The menu is sufficiently varied and interesting that I would return to try it again, banking on the fact that the meatballs were an aberration.
This a good restaurant, but overpriced for what you get. There are better tapas restaurants in Vegas...you're better off dropping coin there.
I started off with a glass of the rioja wine and some tapas. I ordered the squid, white anchovies, and lobster salad. On the menu it said the squid was prepared with paprika. Holy jesus. The squid came out. Lovely cuts of squid covered (I mean covered) in paprika and oil. The squid sat overtop small slices of potatoes which were ehh. I ate one piece of squid and thought I was going into anaphylactic shock. I was sitting at the bar drinking water nonstop hoping my throat would stop feeling scratchy. Coughing and coughing....I couldn't continue to eat this awful dish.  Who would do such a thing to squid? I told the bartender that I couldnt eat any more because of the paprika and he was like okay...ehhh. Meanwhile I continued to cough and cough. No, "hey you okay there??" Regardless, my lobster salad came. I think there was lobster in it?? Next, sorry but we are out of anchovies. Ok so I opted for the seared salmon...don't order it.  I wasn't impressed especially with it sitting on a bed of brown goo. The chorizo was WoW!! But the potatoes were ehhh. The calamari with garlic was the best dish. Super tasty. The great thing about this restaurant is the decor and the red sangria. The sangria reminded me of my days in Madrid. I think the menu should be re-done. Kinda disappointed with the food overall.
Decent food and not too pricy, although tiny portions. I had the Lobster Saffron (excellent flavor but slight chewy lobster) & the Piquillo Peppers (meh). Followed by the flan for desert (what's with the mountain of raspberry coolwhip?). . Could even be a 3.5 or 4 star if the hostess wasn't so consdescending and unhelpful. I have to say that the level of entitlement amongst servers in Vegas is through the roof. I mean, get over yourself. Dudes at the bar were slightly more gracious.
A menu full (almost overwhelmingly so) of small dishes that will give you a great taste of Spain right on the Strip.. . Tapas restaurants are always frustrating to me because I can never seem to order the right amount of food and as a result always seem to leave hungry. To make matters worse, the food always seems to be pretty pricey so I'm not only hungry, but my wallet is significantly lighter to boot. This place is no different. The prices on some of the items border on exorbitant, which wouldn't be so upsetting to me given it's prime Strip location, except for the fact that I didn't leave full.. . OK, enough about the prices. The tapas were very well prepared and came out in a timely manner. Definitely order the ahi tuna tempura and a couple of beef dishes. My strategy with tapas is always to mix vegetable dishes, meat dishes, and fish dishes and I always get some sort of cheese. Even with all that, my buddies and I were still hungry so we ordered paella to supplement. The paella takes 35-45 minutes to prepare so be ready to wait. I tasted both seafood and meat paella and really preferred the flavor of the meat. Something about the seafood didn't taste quite right to me, but, everybody I was with preferred the seafood so I think it was just me.. . This meal is best enjoyed with a pitcher of red sangria - watch out for the fruit at the bottom, it'll knock you out.
I sampled the romaine salad and the brava potato, as well as the saute spinach, chicken croquette and lastly, the molten chocolate with strawberry sorbet. Among all of these items, I liked the brava potato the best solely because I'm a french fries addict. The flavoring and preparation of the spinach and romaine salad were nothing extraordinary. I found the chicken croquette to be quite unique in that they used finely shredded chicken in this creamy sauce and the sauce was excellent.. . As I am not a fan of overly sweet food, I found the molten chocolate to be not as sweet as I'd like it to be for a dessert!!! That was a bit unexpected and I really wish the chocolate in the middle was slightly sweeter.
Food was good, however I was expecting a lot more based on the reviews.  The atmosphere is also slightly off. It is located with in the lobby of the Aria, and does not have walls to close you off, so it has more of a the feel of a food court.  With all of the fabulous places in the Vegas, this is not one that I recommend
Get the stuffed dates and foie gras!!! Stuffed dates have pancetta with its wholesome self crisped around it. The gin cocktail with pureed apples and thyme, perfect. Short ribs a bit tough, lime sweet potatoes were delicious. Seabass was executed nicely... great flavors, perfectly crispy skin. Make sure you ask for your temperature on the sliders, ours came it well. Manager was great and gracious enough to attend time with us and explain everything. Our server on the other hand, not attentive. He did not have suggestions, didn't know the menu, spoke way to quiet, and stood around across the room most of the night. Nice kid but not up to par to serve at a complex strip restaurant.  Bussers and management were at our table 98 %. I would come back hopefully service is better.  Prices are a bit high but i knew and expected that. 3 1/2 stars.
Ordered three plates: (1) yellowtail "tiradito" - very good (loved the fried string sweet potatoes with it. The portion was very small (only three pieces), (2) white ceviche - decent, but had better, (3) Heirloom tomato salad with mozzarella ice cream- tasty.  Overall, the food is good, but portion is very small and it's pricey. I know it's a tapas place, but I've had bigger portions at other tapas place.
Very nice restaurant with excellent food but the service that day was lacking.  So many people there friday night with at least 2 brides to be :). The waiter was quite apologetic and kind but my hubby got quite annoyed when the last dish did not appear for 20-30 mins.  They happily cancelled it though when we requested it to be cancelled.  I really enjoyed their sangria too.  Overall, they just need to hire more waiters and chefs so that they can boost their ratings.  I would give it a 4 but my hubby would give it a 2, so average is a 3 :)
Came here expecting a nice ish tapas restaurant but turns out its a bit more casual. Its in the lobby of the Aria and despite being labeled as "$$$" there are a lot of people in flip flops and still wearing bathing suits or what have you from the pool. . . We had reservations for 9 and arrived 20 min early and asked one of the hosts if we could be sat a little early. He said he would check and then disappeared for 10 minutes. People that just walked in were sat down before us as we just waited for him. He eventually came back and looked at us then walked away. Ok. After another while and more walk ins being sat in front of us a waitress finally said to follow her and sat us at our table. It was already past 9 at that point. He could've just said "Sorry we can't sit you earlier" and we would have happily sat at the bar and ordered a drink. What a pointless waste of our time as we stood by the hostess stand. . . Food was ok. A couple hits and a couple misses. Overall wish we had gone to Jaleo instead. Food was not super creative, the tasting menu especially was really generic with caeser salad, chicken, and molten lava cake. Not very Spanish-y at all I imagine it was trying to appeal to the mass audience/flip flop crowd.. . Started off with chicken croquettes with bechamel, yummy and really creamy/fried but not very reminiscent of Spanish croquettes. The pan con tomate and manchego was unremarkable. We were pretty excited for the black foot pig ribs with beans and the black foot pig shoulder on toast with caramelized onions. Black foot pigs are fed only acorns and their meat is supposed to taste amazing. The ribs were ALL fat. Honestly could not tell you what the meat tasted like because there were only tiny scraps of it attached to white blubber. The beans were ok. The pork shoulder had good flavor but was so tough. Its a shame to overcook such good quality meat like that. With the onions and toast it would've been lovely if properly cooked.. . The dish I most liked was one of the specials, coca with goat cheese, figs and arugula. The coca bread was soooo good. Cannot wait to get that again somewhere. Its like a cakey thicker tortilla. With the fresh figs and goat cheese and arugula this was perfect.. . The chicken with chorizo and potatoes was super flavorful and a lot of food. It came with salty whipped cream which I imagine you were supposed to mix into everything else but I was not quite fond of. It could have used a fresh/vegetable element since everything was very heavy. . . They forgot my lobster saffron rice but at that point I was full so it was fine. . . Looked at desserts but they looked pretty meh. The table next to us ordered the churros and they looked pretty unremarkable. The almond cake with turron ice cream sounded better but after the meal we were reluctant to order it. Would probably not return here.
I'll keep this short and sweet: if you want amazing tapas, go to La Cave at the Wynn. Julian Serrano is good, but the portions are very small for a very high price, and I think La Cave's food is better...
Has 1 tv screen.  Full bar n trees with no leaves
I think I would give this place a 2.5. Went here on a weekend awhile ago and it was busy(as expected) and not to mention we had a party of 9 so we were bound to wait. Finally got seated and were given the menu. It was really fun looking at the menu because a lot of things actually sounded really good but I ordered the salmon and the seabass and had a sample of some other stuff like ceviche and mushroom risotto. I thought the mushroom risotto was pretty good but the ceviche was kinda bland. It was refreshing but it fell short. Out of the two fishes I got, I really like the seabass. The salmon wasn't bad but it wasn't anything special. Both the dishes looked really nice though but the seabass was cooked to perfection and it had a really nice crispy skin layer to it which made it mmmm. Get a fork and slice through the fish and get some skin = mmmm goodness. . . I think the things were a bit overprice for how much you're getting and the taste is only decent. I wouldn't really come back as I have had better tapas places. I understand you're suppose to get small quantity but it kinda fell short for me. Service was nice. Maybe its just my opinion of course so if you haven't tried it, you are welcome to. The food was pretty good, I just didn't think it's worth my $.
I got upsold by the person who greeted us right after we sat at our table and ordered the paella for 2.  doh!  $45 for paella that had chicken and was not that great at all.  Mistake.. . Otherwise, the tapas were good, not great (except for the heirloom tomatoe tapas, that one was sooooo good).  Everything here was good, nothing too impressive and nothing a disapointment, except the paella.
We got the beef w iberico pork and caramelized onion slider and it was excellent. I got the mushroom soup which was just OK and a friend got a seafood soup which she said was good. We also got the Mixed Paella which came with half a lobster. It was very good but I think next time I'll get the Paella Valenciana. A bit pricey but if you're staying at the Aria, what the hey.... I would go back for lunch.
With all the amazing places to eat in Vegas, Julian Serrano is not a shining star, but maybe a distant cousin you invite over once in a while.. . The food portions are tapas, so smaller but the price of a main entree. If you're awaiting a table else where or just want some snack before the club, this is the perfect spot. . . Recs:. Sangria. Ceviche with taro chips. Bacon wrapped dates.
On a Thursday night at 7:15 pm, this restaurant was packed, but without a reservation, we were able to get seated immediately.  Julian Serrano's Picasso is one of our favorite Las Vegas dining treats, and we expected his signature tapas restaurant to live up to his reputation.  Unfortunately, we didn't have that same experience. First off, let me say that in a way comparing Julian Serrano to Picasso is like comparing apples and oranges . . . two totally different types of food, different dining styles, etc., but one would expect that the quality and service for each respective restaurant would be of the same caliber. This was certainly not the case.. . Fortunately, we had a lovely couple seated at the table next to us who were very familiar with the tapas style. The own a Mexican restaurant in Texas. They were almost finished with their meal when we were seated, so we were able to ask them about their choices. According to them, they ordered half the menu just to taste everything!  We started with the Yellowtail "Tiradito" (sliced yellowtail with sweet potato haystacks, horseradish cream and ponzu sauce. It was a hit . . . We followed that with the Black Pig Pintxo (Iberian pork shoulder meat with caramelized onion). It was divine! As our main course we ordered the Mixed Paella which serves at least two -- mistake!  Our waiter had emphasized to "order the paella with your appetizers because it takes 40 minutes to prepare".  Imagine our surprise wWhen he brought it to the table BEFORE our appetizers; his excuse was that they had a large party and had already prepared enough in advance. I asked them to take it back so that we could eat our food in the order in which it was intended. When the paella did arrive, it must have been the same one he brought out 30 minutes prior. The rice was dry, the lobster chewy, the mussels over cooked . . . the only tasty thing among the ingredients was the Spanish pork chorizo that brought a little flavor to the dish. Seriously a miss!. . Hubby ordered the pistachio dessert and said it was heavenly . . . so maybe consider coming her for dessert and coffee instead.  One five star element was the Drunken Cherry cocktail I ordered. It was one of the best cocktails I have ever had -- Effen Cherry vodka, acai, pomegranite and lime with a garnish of Spanish cherries soaked in brandy. Our waiter redeemed himself when he asked if he could bring me dessert, and I said, I'd love a few more of those cherries . . . and he brought a plateful! . . I wouldn't say we had a bad experience here, just not as good as we expected.  Funny how the last two restaurants I've reviewed are sister restaurants of two of our Bellagio faves, and the Bellagio outlets are far superior!
I tend to think when I go to high end Las Vegas restaurants, you know what you're getting yourself into. High price, low quantity.  I guess it's just not my scene.  There are exceptions where I think the food is worth it, but this one is not it.. . I came for lunch and that was that.  However, one thing I can say is service was very good.  Excellent wait staff and very friendly.
*** REVIEW IS FOR LV RESTAURANT WEEK 2013 ***. . I have been meaning to visit Julian Serrano for awhile. After all, for all food connoisseurs in Las Vegas, surely Julian Serrano must be somewhere on their list. Tucked away inside the alluring Aria by the front desk, yet ever so far away from parking garage is this spot of expensive tapas paradise. To be of note - it IS a tapas place, hence why I haven't been on pins and needles trying to come here. Always in the back of my mind was the voice saying, "So expensive for just tapas! Just go to Firefly instead!". . Luckily LVRW2013 has rolled around and I enjoyed a meal here with friends on a Tuesday night at 6:30 PM. Before being seated my friend and I ordered cocktails at the bar (all $14). I tried a fruity type drink that provided a nice start to my meal. Not too sweet, not too alcoholy, but still pretty steep in price. After drinks we were seated in the dining area further back, which is nice since it is over carpet, which brings the sound of the clacking of feet down to a minimum and italso hides your table from the casino. Chairs are plush and comfortable, lighting is perfect, and the ambiance is classy. . . Service was excellent. Our server was prompt, kept our drinks filled, and in general was a very courteous gentleman. I ordered a chardonnay from the Bordeaux region of France ($16). A lovely wine indeed and of the two options (another which was from California) I am glad I splurged. Worth every drop.  . . On to the food.... . Chicken Croquetas - Simple yet tasty is the best way to describe these. The dish is not the most pleasant to look at, but the taste was deliciously fried on the outside and creamy on the inside.. . Salmon (with mashed potatoes and baby carrots) - The main dish is what let me down and which brought down my rating. The salmon was cooked well enough, but the portion size was disappointing. My friend got the chicken and after seeing her dish I was wishing for chicken. Also, the horseradish cream served on the side of the salmon just did not go well with the fish, to me personally. I am wishing now someone else in my party had wanted to do the paella, but in order to have that option you must have more than one person ordering the dish. *womp womp*. . Molten Chocolate Cake and Blood Orange Ice Cream - I do love blood orange ice cream and sorbet and this one was refreshing to have with the very decadent and very good chocolate cake. If anything, this may have been my favorite part of the dining experience, coming in second to the glass of chardonnay.. . Overall - I realize I am reviewing the LVRW2013 menu, but even so, this food reflects the establishment. I think the big thing was how flat the salmon fell for me. After all, it was my main dish. While the other items were good I believe they should have been better considering the establishment. . . Would I be back? I would try happy hour. I would even go back for a birthday party I was invited to here... or some other special event. BUT, I do not believe I would come back for a full-out full-priced meal.
Good food - slightly excessive pricing, but it's what you'd expect for tapas on the strip.  I liked the Sangria and was impressed that they had a gluten free menu.  Tapas are, however, meant for sharing...so when you go with a group of 6, just know that you need to order 2 of each item, so each of you can try a bite.. . I'd go back if someone was buying me dinner or I could comp the meal.  Otherwise, I'd go to Firefly.
I hate to be the kill joy of all those beautiful review writers but .. I am not a tourist. I live here. I go to those places several times in a year. What I noticed is that they all start beautifully and slowly go down to become a so-so or ok restaurant. I am so sick and tired of those wannabe so called "high class" restaurants with excellent food that whip you with high prices and have mediocre waiters. Went last night, had a bottle of champagne. Started well. Wine guy served it well... then came that girl... and as always, attitude. Called her attention once (thought she was free but, she was actually still in the process to pour water to a table nearby), "Miss please', and she gave me the "how do you dare call me why I am in the middle of something" look, showing the palm of her hand as a "wait" , "hitlerian" style.. how about "just a minute" with a smile and just her index up? Ordered Serrano ham, then came lobster saffron.. She didn't change plates. ate my lobster in my ham plate. I would expect a little more attention to details when paying 19 bucks for 3 slices of ham... now serving champagne wasn't an issue. I had to stop her once since we hadn't touched yet the previous pouring.. then had 2 more tapas.. plates was changed this time.. then she came and asked me if I wanted a "fresh" plate.. good... except that I had nothing else coming. Then came the bill, I paid, gave her an undeserved 20 bucks and we left. She was right there, passed by her, she looked up at me , not a smile or  "thank you for coming" or "have a good evening", you know, the kind of things humans say to customers... I made sure to let the hostess know since there were no "obvious" manager minding the business... result: NO MAS. AMERICAN FISH was my first choice... I should have stuck to it because their service or their food is way superior.... The End.
This was my second tapas place to visit in Las Vegas. . . The food was ok, nothing really stood out other than the paella. It was a 40 minute wait, but worth it to try at least once!. . The service was top notch, from the moment you walk thru the entrance to the wait staff, manager, everyone made you feel welcome. . . The price, OH THE PRICE!   Only complaint I would say.  The entire menu is seriously over priced, even by Las Vegas Strip standards. It's the reason it will not be coming back. There are far better places to go for tapas on the Vegas strip for a better price & value. And important a better selection.. . The atmosphere is great!  Plenty of light, open, not stuff. It has a bar area as well. The noise level is on the average. And the place is clean, they did a pretty good job clearing the table as you was done.  . . All in all, I thought this place was OK at best.  But there are much much better places to visit.
Hmmm maybe coming back from Spain I have a higher bar for Spanish tapas, but to be honest I feel Alta in New York has better tapas than this place! With so many other choices for food in Vegas, I don't think I'll be coming back here any time soon. . . I have no complaints with the service which was impeccable! The moment you walk into the restaurant they make sure that your every need is attended to. My mom is allergic to eggs and I appreciated the fact that they made sure that none of the dishes we ordered had any egg in them. Service is 5 stars!. . Ambiance is also wonderful! It's cozy yet classy. Price on the other hand not so wonderful, beware it is super duper expensive! It is overpriced by Vegas or NYC standards so, if you're on a budget, this is not the place to be. . . Now on to the food....I found the food to be uninspiring. The brava potatoes which are hard to mess up....were bland and had way too much sauce on them...so disappointing. Stuffed piquillo peppers...full of oil! Arroz vegetariano....alright, but nothing special. The chicken sandwich.....again nothing to write home about. Overall the food was just eh.... . If in Vegas...skip this restaurant and save yourself some money and instead go down to the Wynn where the restaurants are much better!
Delicious flavors but these tapas can definitely add up so choose items that will fill you up! Definitely a tapas place, not really made to eat for a full lunch. . . Octopus: worth a try if you are looking to try something different, great texture and mix of spices to go with. Ahi Tuna Tempura: just OK, ahi tuna is a staple at other fancy restaurants and this just wasn't as good, probably a pass if you go here. Grilled Lamb Chop: so delicious you will be licking the bone for sure! be aware that yes, it is only one chop :(. Creamy Risotto: definitely filling and delicious, for the cheese lover in you :) . . Our service could have been a little better, however we did meet a friendly bartender that changed our minds a bit. It has a really ideal location as you are entering ARIA, I'd recommend this place as a fancy snack if you are looking to spend some of your extra winnings from the slots :)
I had the stuffed dates, they are chewy.  Firefly has better tasting stuffed dates, they are crisp and have a nice sauce with it in a pan you can keep dipping in.  Plus the portions here are smaller.  . . The Sparkling Sangra is one of the best out of the 3 for me.  The red feels like I might get an instant headache it I finish it, The white is a little better but doesn't measure up.
Wild mushroom soup is way too salty! Seared scallop is very fresh and nicely done, on the greasy side. I expected more... it's ordinary. Raspberry tuna skewer is only for fancy presentation but taste is lack of character especially it doesn't match with the red square jelly kind of thing on top and there is wasabi inside a raspberry! Strange combination.  Service is very good though.  I was sitting by the bar.  I did enjoy dining here although the food is not as impressive as what I expected.
I mostly liked but didn't totally love this restaurant. . . My group had been staying in the Vdara and had a gift card to use at Serrano, so we ventured over and ordered a good amount of the lunch menu. As with many tapas places, some of the items were stellar, and some fell flat.. . Patatas bravas, a standby at most tapas places, just fell a bit short for me. The aioli was overly garlicky (even for an aioli), and the tomato portion of it fell flat.. . The pan tomate fared better, but the bread didn't have quite enough bounce to it. Padron peppers are hard to mess up, and those came out nicely here. The garlic chicken felt a bit limp and underseasoned, but my garlic taste buds may have just been blown out from the aioli that came with the bravas.. . I love ordering gambas at tapas places, and this one was nice, especially with the chile de arbol touch. The albondigas were tasty, as well, but the bombas didn't fare as well - it was a bit mushy.. . The valenciana paella had some great moments in it, but the chicken was dry. The pork should in it was lovely, though.. . Service was brusque and mostly absent. Drinks were good, if a bit Vegas-y in their pricing.
I would give Julian Serrano 3.5 stars if I could. . . I love small plates...totally my thing. The food overall was enjoyable. Nothing was out of this world, but everything was good. Among other things, we had the white ceviche (white fish, red onion, rocoto pepper, cilantro, lime juice), which was bright and clean and delicious, the huevos estrellados (fried potatoes, over-easy egg, chorizo), which was rich and flavorful, the yellowtail tiradito (sweet potato haystacks, horseradish cream, ponzu sauce), which I expected to like more than I did, creamy risotto (mushrooms, Manchego), which was a great texture but I wanted to be mushroomy-ier, and the stuffed dates (goat cheese, crispy pancetta, tomato marmalade).. . The service was less good. The waiter was keen on the upsell...must have tried to get the couple seated next to us to order another round of cocktails at least half a dozen times. The food also came out way too fast. Our table was tiny, and they kept bringing dishes that wouldn't fit, so we had to rush to finish the thing we were currently eating. We were out of there in something like 30 minutes because they brought everything so quickly. If I'm going to pay that much for a meal, I'd like it to last a bit longer than that.
I thought the ambience was great, music was good. The hostesses were a bit rude, but our server, Richard was great! We tried about 9 different menu items, only about three were impressive: oxtail, the mixed ceviche, and fried calamari. We tried the cheeses, the meats and they just seemed bland. The white ceviche was my least favorite, also bland.  I would recommend making reservations if you would like to try it out.  Overall would be a great place for drinks with friends.
I would give 4-stars if judged on the food alone, but unfortunately this review must end on a sour note. . . I usually do not give many negative reviews and I've come to expect great things from most Las Vegas restaurant experiences. Our experience at Julian Serrano fell a bit short.. . When we arrived for a Saturday night for an 8 pm reservation for 2, we were promptly seated in the back among other 2-person tables. The restaurant was energized, and full of big groups, which made it pretty loud inside. I was seated across from my husband and we had to shout a lot to hear each other...not a big deal, but a little awkward. . . We didn't receive our drink menus right away, which made it difficult when we were asked by one of the waiters what we would like to drink. I asked for the drink menu and was told it was coming (in a slightly rude manner). Luckily, we were able to order some delicious cocktails and they came quickly. Our waiter made an appearance and right away I was not impressed with the service...he barely even made it known that he was our server for the night and was bent down near my husband's ear trying to pick out some things that we should try on the menu. I felt an odd disconnect... My husband asked how ordering usually works (since it's a tapas place), and the waiter said that we could order everything at once, and he "would take care of it." We ordered a few fish items, a cheese plate, the Spanish tortilla, chicken croquettes, the beef short rib plate, and a few veggies. . . Here's where things got annoying. The Spanish tortilla was brought out first. It was tasty but slightly cold (not sure if that's traditionally how it's served?). Before we could even dig into the tortilla dish the waiters brought out the beef short rib. That was a WTF moment to me. Within minutes of receiving the beef dish they brought us the warm monkfish dish and the cheese plate. Our tiny table was filled with foods all getting cold because we hadn't even made a dent in the tortilla. We weren't even half way through our cocktails and half of our meal was in front of us. We had to tell them to slow down (luckily they did). I felt like I was at an Applebees. .  . If I were in a hurry, this would be good. But at 8 pm on a Saturday night in Vegas, we were not in a hurry. We like to slow down and enjoy our meal. I was irritated by the order of the dishes that were brought out as well as with the pace. Who wants beef short ribs as the second dish?? Typically you would want salads, fish, vegetable dishes brought first. They didn't even see if we wanted a bottle of wine to pair with the bigger meat dishes. I found the order of everything all very strange and felt rushed. . . On the plus side, the food was all very good. Everything was beautifully presented and cooked well. We LOVED the cheese plate. It ended up being glorious to eat cheeses between small plates (while our beef and fish dishes got cold, haha). I would go there again for the cheese alone! . . So maybe it was just a bad night...I never thought I would complain about too fast of service, but I am. There are times where it's appropriate to rush through dinner (like before a show, etc), but there are other times where you want to relax and enjoy good food and conversation. Unfortunately, this was not the place for that experience. I guess I just expected more for the price. We got an Applebees experience for great food worthy of better service.
I really wanted to like this place.  I've stayed at Aria a few times and always pass by this restaurant, but this time... I decided to give it a try.  I read the warnings from other Yelpers about the tapas being small and expensive.  We weren't that hungry, so we had dinner here.  What can I say... not my thing.  Way too fufu.  We ordered the brava potatoes, gambas, short rib, rabo te toro (oxtail), and lobster saffron.  She had a white sangria and I went with the red.  Everything (including the sangria) was bland.   The potatoes... I've had better from Ore-Ida.  A little crispy, but hardly any sauce... so it was a bowl of potatoes with virtually no seasoning.  The gambas (shrimp) were ok.  The short rib dish had the most flavor, but there just wasn't enough of it.  The oxtail was wrapped in iberico and... I couldn't get past the texture.  Way too chewy.  Finally, the lobster dish was so small (and unremarkable) that... we quickly asked for the bill.. . We left hungry.  The only other time that's happened to me... Melting Pot.. . Oh well... at least I tried it.
More like 3.75 stars really, but I'm rounding down cause of the prices. But I guess it is Vegas. I mean the food was delicious, but the prices were steep. I love tapas and Spanish food. But $45 for their seafood marinara... Steep!! It was yummy and there was a lot of seafood in it, but still. Most tapas dishes ranged in the prices between $10-18. And the dishes were pretty small too. The goat cheese stuffed dates, really yummy but $12.50 for three pieces. The braised short rib, one rib for $16. . . And the desserts were alright. At $8 a dish I was expecting heaven in mouth. The desserts were definitely unique - pistachio tart, almond cake with almond ice cream. But it didn't have that "you're totally worth paying for" quality. . . If I were to write a review based on the deliciousness of the food, Julian Serrano would get 4 stars. However, my review is based on the overall dining experience.
Fun atmosphere, tasty plates and great people watching within the confines of the Aria complex. Food? Wow - competition is steep here in Vegas, places must constantly revamp and recreate to stay on top, in my humble opinion. I liked their fusion concept it was good and it worked with most dishes. We went for lunch, and shared several plates among the three of us. I felt that it was rather difficult sharing with three and yet if we ordered 2 of each plate it would have been too much and we would not have had the chance to try so many things. I wasn't overly excited enough to want to go back here, I would most likely want to try another place rather than return.   In most restaurants, I know right away if I want to come back or not. No single dish stands out to me as being so delicious and tasty that I want to come back or even try to recreate it at home. (I love to cook too!) Plus, being located in the mall isn't the most interesting place to dine in Vegas. Quick bite for lunch...great option, like most places in Vegas at this level. Presentation of food went well beyond the taste, and so for this place artistry ruled the afternoon. Three stars is all I can do...taste needs to be at the same level as presentation.
