Just because it's a Saturday night in Lost Wages doesn't mean every restaurant needs to turn into a damn club. At least, not in my world. And yet, here I am trying to enjoy my delicious burger and some conversation with my dad and his fiance the night before their wedding over the droning sound of a DJ spinning Coldplay. So unnecessary.. . My burger was really good though. I had the Rising Sun at the recommendation of our ultra flaky waiter, and it was delicious. Tempura avocado? I have told at least 5 people about the hunk of tempura avocado on top of my burger. . . I will hit Holsteins again for sure, on an afternoon. If I see a DJ I'm walking away.
Great joint for a burger at lunch or a casual, easy dinner.. So convenient when you are gambling away at the ultra -amazing Cosmopolitan Casino/Hotel!
Went here with my fiance on our yearly vegas trip. It was loud because of the football playoffs being shown in the bar. . The fiance ordered an oreo shake, which was yummy. We ordered the truffle lobster mac n cheese as an appetizer. It was pretty good, but not the best I'd ever had. The blend of cheeses was nice and creamy, with a little sharpness, and the truffles really added to the dish. The lobster in the mac n cheese, however, did not taste like it was very high quality.. . The fiance ordered the duck duck goose burger, which neither of us were very impressed with. He ordered a side of smashed potatoes, which were awful and completely inedible. They were cold and tasted like old dirty potatoes with no seasoning and no effort put into them.. . I ordered the gold standard burger, which was honestly the saving grace of this restaurant. It was the best burger I've had in my life, and despite all the other problems we had with the food here, I would definitely go back for that burger. I ordered a side of duck fat fries. Not impressed at all. I've had better fries from in 'n out burger. I was really disappointed because I had heard that duck fat fries are supposed to be really good. I'm sure they are,just not at Holstein's.. . We may go back the next time we're in Vegas just for the gold standard burger, but with so many other amazing restuarants in Vegas, maybe not.
Let's start out with the service. I can be very judgmental with a restaurant on how you are greeted. When we approached the restaurant, the hostess' were smiling and friendly. We had a party of 10 and put down our name. The hostess told us it would be a 30-45 minute wait so we decided to wait and help ourselves to ChinaPlobano right next door just to eat something to carry us over so we don't get grumpy because of low blood sugar levels. I put in my order and literally 5 minutes later, our table was ready. I was like "WTH...I thought you said it's gonna be a 30-45 min wait, so now I'm stuck with dim sum and what I'm going to order off the menu." The waitress was very friendly but kinda slow at times. She never came back to offer anyone another drink/shake or refill my water.. . As far as food goes...I agree with Mike H...the burgers are waaaaaaay expensive for how small they are, but then again...what do you expect...it's a restaurant in Los Vegas. I had the Gold Standard and wasn't very impressed. The menu consisted of some random burgers....I feel that if you wanna burger..."THE MORE BASIC THE BETTER" The "Tiny Bites" are literally TINY bites. Some of them cost almost as much as a regular size burger....if you want more bang for your buck....get a regular size. As far as the "Adult Milkshakes," I don't drink usually but DAMN....the Orange Creamsicle....WAS ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!!!!! If anything that was the only thing that I would go back for. . . I'd give the service a 2 and the food a 3. Like I said...I'd only go back for an "Adult Milkshake."
It all started with The Drunken Monkey which pretty much should be my tribal name from now on. Hands down the best milkshake I have ever tasted in my life!!! It's Malted Banana Gelato, Peanut Butter Crisps, Frangelico and priced at $11. Whoever decided to start making alcoholic milkshakes should get a medal. Genius. It is the perfect marriage of flavor without being to overpowered by the booze. . . On to the grub. . Starters: . Philly Cheez Steak Spring Rolls with udder sauce $11 . They were alright, but could have used more seasoning. The meat was tender and the rolls were crisp. I did not enjoy the utter sauce which bares similarities to ketchup, but with more vinegar. . . For the beef and fake beef selections we had: . The Classic with Two Dollar Cheddar (ridiculous) $15 . Urth Burger with One Dollar Swiss $14 . New Delhi Chicken $14 . All served with shoestring fries and that gross utter sauce. I ordered Ranch, of course, and they turned out to be the winner of best potato in a supporting role to compliment the Monkey Shake. As far as the burgers go my burger was ordered Medium and came to me very well done. I ate one third of it. The bun was buttery and toasted to perfection and that two dollar cheddar was worth it. The veggie burger was probably my favorite of the three with a strong mushroom taste. Pretty good. The Chicken burger could have been executed better. The chicken lacked taste and the only saving grace was the apricot-date chutney on top. . . Overall I will absolutely be back because The Cosmopolitan is a good time and that shake has my heart and waistline captive. The menu has tons of creative options that intrigue me such as Bull's Balls, Crispy Pork Belly Bun and Duck Confit Street Tacos. I will get the tribe together and give it another go at it!
As a cow collector, the huge pink cow caught my attention, but aside from that, every other restaurant had a huge wait due to CES so we came here for dinner. . . Food: . We ordered a bunch of tapas to share and also to try different dishes. We ordered:. . french fries cooked in duck fat: the fries tasted good, but the texture . threw me off. It wasn't crispy as I expect them to be. Not sure if it's the way it's cooked or not, but I'll try it out again next time.. . crispy pork belly bun: who doesn't love pork belly? very good!. . tenderloin roissini: very moist and was mixed with fois gras which made it even better!!. . main lobster roll: wish we ordered more, it was delicious!. . toscana with italian sausage: it was okay, but nothing special. . Our waiter suggested the artichoke dip which she claimed to be the best. I beg to differ. It was nothing special. The pita chips that came with it looked like it was from the bottom of the bag. . . Overall, the food was great, service was okay, but the ambiance was too loud for my taste. I left a little deaf.
Disclaimer: I have yet to eat an actual burger here. Based on my one non-burger experience, I'm averaging out the good and bad and giving it 3 stars.. . We opted to eat in the bar / lounge area, which is actually quite nice. Great actual bar, nice tables and comfy booths / stools, etc. And the service in this area was pretty good considering it was the lounge area. 3.5 stars.. . I liked that they give you a little bucket of popcorn to snack on. Though, the popcorn is far from anything special and really isn't that good. 2 stars.. . It took a rather long time for my milkshake to arrive. And honestly, they might as well not have bothered. I had the Strawberry Cheesecake milkshake from their Bam-Boozled Shakes menu (a.k.a. "adult" milkshakes). It was drinkable, but lacked any depth of flavor. After having the "adult" milkshakes at BLT Burger, this one just couldn't even begin to compare. I didn't even come close to finishing it - and I didn't want to. 2 stars.. . The kettle chips were extremely delicious. Some of the best kettle chips I've ever experienced. And the dip was delicious. It was a french onion based dip, but there were other things going on and a tang of vinegar. Though, despite the menu description of "blue cheese flavored" chips, I didn't get any blue cheese coming through. But nonetheless, so yummy. 5 stars.. . The Sonoran Border Hopper was basically two mini hot dogs topped with a strip of bacon, a little bit of salsa, and some drizzled guacamole, with a cup of beans served on the side. Far from a traditional Sonoran dog, but quite tasty. The buns were absolutely perfect, the dogs pretty good, and all the flavors came together with a very nice smokiness and crisp freshness. I was a fan. 4 stars.. . All in all, the food was good enough and the menu had several enticing items, so I will be back - and I'm looking forward to trying one of their burgers.
LOVED the pina colada shake, and Korean Bull Gogi burger.. . HATED the sweet potato and duck fat fries. The sweet potato fries were too salty. The duck fat fries tasted like regular fries. I'd rather save my $4. It is quite pricy for the burger already and $2 to upgrade for nasty fries is a NO THANKS for me. It is cute how the fries come in that small bin, but it suffocates all the fries and makes it soggy.. . Also, HATED the service... maybe because we got there 30 mins before closing but W/E!
Pretty cool restaurant that serves burgers and alcoholic milkshakes! The service was eh... the music they played was hiphop- clubbing type of music.. . I got the salmon burger which was pretty good. It had a slice of lox on top of the cooked salmon patty which made the burger! I upgraded to the duck fat fries which was a BIG mistake. Their duck fat fries pretty much taste like regular fries. I think I would've been better off saving $2 and eating regular fries made by normal oil.
Holsteins started off pretty cool but quickly went down hill once they cranked the music. Seriously, it was Valentines Day and they had the music so loud you couldn't even talk to your special date. . . The menu is ambitious, unfortunately most items, kettle chips, onion rings, french fries, we tried were to salty. Burgers were alright though my Hen House did come with a fried over easy egg that was cooked through. When I told the food runner about this he argued with me and told me that its supposed to be runny, Uh yeah. He finally said that's how its supposed to be and walked off, I begged to differ. At one glance our waiter said it was wrong and fixed it, very cool! Burger was pretty dang good with loads of gooey yolk running down my fingers. This made up for the punky food runner and the overly salty sides and apps. . . $1 beers and shots on Monday (their choice).. . Word of advice to Holsteins, the customer should always be right.
I was shocked and pleased to find out that Holsteins had a vegan burger or slider option on their menu! Good lookin' out!  I was leaving the Cosmopolitan after the Black Keys show, hungry and bitter that both Jaleo and China Poblano had stopped serving food.  Suddenly, a friend texted me from HSB saying they had vegan options!. . I traversed the mob of drunken concert-goers and arrived poste haste, just in time to put in the last to-go order of the night!. . The main vegan options are the Urth burger sliders (2 for $8, comes with delicious homemade-tasting potato chips) or the proper full-sized Urth burger ($13, comes with a side of fries).  I went for the sliders, since I  have not had a slider since I was knee-high to a grasshopper back in TN eating at Krystal's.  . . Verdict - Fries were awesome, chips were awesome, Urth burger was so-so.  It was a mix of veggies, and maybe chickpea flour? It had a falafel-ish character to it.  It was nicely fried on the outside, but pretty mushy.  It came topped with avocado, cucumber and sprouts (see pic) on a fluffy bun that was not egg-washed.  It's nothing that I'd go running back for, but it's a solid option for late-night eating when your carnivore friends insist on burgers.
My friend and I decided to eat here and have a light supper before coming back later for a real dinner. . . We had the guacamole hummus with spiced pita chips, which was good but not fantastic.  The crispy pork buns was good but a little too much hoison sauce. I also had the orange creamsicle milkshake without the alcohol. That was very tasty. The fries were very salty but cooked well. . . The waitress was nice and helpful. I love the huge pink cow. We ended up not coming back here for dinner but next time, I'll try the burgers.
Mm, Ok here we go.... . Took the last little table in the bar area with no wait.  The restaurant was a 30 min wait, so try the bar if you don't mind the casual seating.  It was fine since we stuck to orderinglittle tapas sized portions.  . . The good (not great):. Truffle lobster mac n cheese-God, I'm such a sucker, but who can seriously screw this up.  . Tom turkey mini burgers - good flavor, but better served as a whole burger to avoid the dry factor, as ours were. . . The bad:. Lobster "corn dogs" - again, we fell victim to fat kid food verbage and were duped into these $16 appetizers.  They were lobster tails (small ones at that, and maybe not even whole tails, but lobster meat) dipped in tempura batter and served as a pair.  Yup, those are a definite pass.. Duck fat fries - eh.  Regular old fries to me.  The kettle chips were way better. . . The ugly:. Ok, nothing was really that bad. Just not that great. The menu is a little busy and there are definitely a few things they could get rid of.  . . On a high note, and what I would come back for, were Tenderloin Rossini mini burgers.  Oh, those were delicious, and cheaper than those damn lobster corn dogs.  Sheesh, go figure!
3.5 stars. . Great for large parties! We went here on a Saturday night for my friend's birthday. There were 20 of us, and we had a great time. Serive was good for a large party. . . Classic Sliders: 2 small (2 bite) sliders served with chips. Very small portion. Additional $2 charge for cheese. Good, but don't expect to get full.. . Lobeter rolls served with coleslaw: ya.... wasn't a fan. I don't know what I was expecting, but my boyfriend liked them.. . Steak fries with utter sauce: good.. . Ice tea: nice and refreshing, but get this... it was $8!!! Really?!?!?. . J Vineyard Pinot Gris: Sweet. . Drunken Monkey: A MUST! Delicious!
We had sliders, sliders and more sliders. Loved the Lobster mac n cheese, they had the crispy outside that makes you want to eat EVERYTHING.  I had the slider with the foie gras on it and it was pretty well made.  I was totally eying the lobster roll which looked delicious as well.  Nom nom...would probably try again.
Tasty mini burgers , sweet potato fries, pulled pork...not too big a fan of the duck fat fries though...not bad just not ooooh so delish!  If you need a burger that is tasty...stop in here.  I asked them for lettuce, tomato, & pickle for my mini burgers and they chopped them specifically for my order.  The buns were perfect, fresh, and just the right texture & fit for the burger size.. . Great service & nice decor.  If your at the Cosmopolitan and hungry for a good burger give them a try!
Went to Holstein's on Saturday night. We had to wait 30 minutes to be seated even though we had a reservation. Other than that, the service was great. I'm sorry I can't say the same about the food. The menu looked amazing but the execution was poor. Mainly, my mini burgers and our fries were cold and had lacked a lot of flavor. The truffle lobster mac & cheese was good but a little too creamy and not much of a truffle flavor.  The dessert menu has a lot of choices and I enjoyed the red velvet cake lollipop. For the money I spent, I would not recommend this restaurant to a friend.
I was in the mood for a simple burger, and simple was what I ordered. I'm tired of places overcompensating for their mediocre meat with look-at-what-I-did! garnishes. Anyway, under all that egg and avocado and teriyaki is some good ground round. I scarfed mine down pretty quick. . . I haven't had the full Holstein's experience yet, so next time I'll order one of their boozy shakes and then reassess the star rating.
The name says it all. Come for the shakes and buns, but not for the burgers. . . Holsteins is in the Cosmopolitan Casino on the 2nd floor shopping area. I was there a little after the lunch hour and had no problem getting a seat at the bar (I was flying solo until my peeps arrived in Vegas). . . The service was decent and I quickly ordered the "Gold Standard" burger with dry aged sirloin, goat cheese, bacon, arugula and a wheat bun. Let's just say the burger was OK and the bun was the highlight. . . Whatever taste of the sirloin was drowned out by the goat cheese. It was basically a goat cheese burger. The ingredients were fresh and the bun was the best hamburger bin I've ever had...but that isn't going to get it a 4-star rating.. . The shoestring fries were cooked to perfection by extremely salty. Maybe it is to help you retain water in the desert climate. Or maybe the cook spent too much time on the Strip last night. Who knows?!. . Bottom line. Holsteins was the typical flashy, overpriced midrange Vegas restaurant letdown. Good, but certainly not great...and not worth the price.
I came here last Friday for a friend's birthday (sorta) dinner, and besides the service, which was pretty good for the size of our party, the food didn't seem to be that great. It does sit in a convenient location, since it's across from Marquee's entrance.. . I guess it might just be that I've had more than enough of my share of burgers the past week, but the classic burger didn't have any real stand out flavor to it.  The steak fries were okay, but not much different from something  you'd get from Red Robin. . . The only thing that got me interested in the place was their selection of beers. I actually spent more time deciding on what beer I wanted to drink the on what I wanted to eat, probably if I spent more time on deciding what to eat I might've enjoyed it more.  Anyway I ordered the Red Fox Stout, and it had someone of a similar taste to Guiness but with interesting flavors of what seemed similar to wine.. . From the other reviews, it's seems like the place has better things to offer, so it's possible that I'd give this place a shot again. But there are other great restaurants in the area, so I wouldn't force myself to eat here if I couldn't decide on anything to eat.
So I had rad about this place on yelp and after reading the reviews I decided I would try it out. The food was good for the most part it was a party of seven and everyone had something different. The burgers where all just ok nothing special but I can say u do get a good size portion for what you pay for. Ordered some appz. And they where ok the best out of the where the steak and cheese spring rolls will be going back for some more of those. Next the chicken and waffles where bland at best and only came with one mini waffle. All the milk shakes where beeter than advertised although I didn't ft a chance to have one of my own all in all the place was jus ok nothing spectacular but I would go again for desserts and milk shakes. Food is hit or miss depending on what u order. Oh also turkey burger was on point for sure
No complaints about the food or service. I can think of a few places in Vegas that make a better burger for a better price.
I had a friend in town from Reno and really wanted to take him out to somewhere "Vegas-y" for dinner. I immediately thought that going to any of the places in the Cosmopolitan would be a winner as I really like the casino.. . So, we arrived here on a Sunday night and sat at the bar. After the bartender scrutinized my very real Nevada driver's license for far too long, making me feel quite uncomfortable, we ordered two iced teas. I get the need to make sure you're serving people who are 21, and yes, I do realize I look young, but her examination of my DL made me feel awkward, especially considering we were at a hamburger joint... it's not like we were sitting down at the Chandelier Bar. . . I didn't feel like drinking at all because I just wanted to eat something tasty. I thought about getting one of the spiked milkshakes, but then after looking at the menu realized if I got a milkshake and a burger, my bill alone would be OVER $20. Ugh. Maybe I'm just a cheap-ass, I don't know, but these places in Vegas with their ridiculous prices for things like hamburgers and milkshakes are just irritating to me.. . ANYWAY - I had the Hen House. I thought it was good. The burger is good quality. My friend had the New Dehli Chicken. He said it was good. But honestly we weren't raving over them or anything. I really expected to be awed or something and I really wasn't.. . I think there are better places for the "better burger"/expensive burger in Las Vegas. Burger Bar is one of them. I guess I'm just not impressed with their overly-creative burgers that come out on a plate looking minuscule and not worth how much you're paying for them. Maybe I'm just over this fad in Vegas where everything has to be totally different and weird. Maybe I just want a burger and fries and that's it. Maybe I'm just never going to be the person who thinks it is okay to charge $17 for a burger (no matter what is on it or what kind of beef it is made with).. . Overall, I would go back if someone wanted to go there. I wouldn't vote against the place, but if I had the choice - I don't think I'd think about coming here because I absolutely loved the place and the food.
Been here twice now and I'm with everyone else, the Rising Sun burger is the reason to come. The shoestring fries were crisp and salty and the truffle popcorn hit the spot when hungover, but the lobster mac & cheese totally under-delivered. I've tasted several of the burgers between my visits and friends' orders and the Rising Sun rocked 'em. It's expensive, but a good go-to place when you don't know what you want.. . We also came here after hours one night and rocked out to an entertaining spin from a live DJ while people-watching all the ridic in line for the Marquee.. . Oh, and you might as well sign up for an Identity card while you're at the Cosmopolitan. You get serious credits for eating at their restaurants and
I've been dying to try this place since the Cosmopolitan opened and I really wanted to love it.  But it was just okay.. . The prices were a little crazy.  I know it's the strip, but $11 for a dogfish head beer??  $11 for a drunken milkshake is one thing but the beer situation is crazy.  Speaking of drunken milkshakes, I tried the drunken monkey milkshake.  It's basically a huge milkshake with banana, reese'scups and Frangelico.  Was sooo good!  What was not so good is the massive gut ache I got shortly after eating it but that could be on me.. . The fried pickles I ordered as an appetizer were pretty good and I have high standards being from the place which claims to have invented the frickled pickle.  The lobster roll I ordered, in addition to being kind of bland and all mayo, consisted of two teeny buns and were definitely not worth the $18 price tag.  For $55 before tip, I can think of many other places I would rather go.  I have seen reference to some popcorn in other reviews but I didn't see this while there.  Overall, very underwhelming, but I still may give it another try.
My husband was a fan of his salmon burger but I felt like the burger I had didn't have alot of flavor- the bun was just too much and the fries were cold. We found the philly cheese spring rolls were very doughy. Loved the breakfast cereal shake - glad its in Vegas or I would be tempted more often here. We went for a late lunch and it took a few moments to get waited on which is not a big deal but I'm not a fan of not being acknowledged - I know its not your table but you could say hi and tell us you would get our waitress. I wouldn't go back - there's lots of great places to eat in Vegas - so I'd move on and try another one.
biggest ripoff in Vegas.  How did I pay $50 for two burgers and a milkshake?  oh yea, and fries..... . this is stupid. . . Let me admit few things though:  . 1) best $11 milkshake ever (cereal milk shake...it's too good to be true). 2) great fries and the quality of the meat. 3) friendly staffs . . I tried both the rising sun and the bulgogi burger.  I hated the buns (way too thick and starchy).   Great but nothing special to offer great reviews.  They don't carry the duck fat fries anymore and their famous "rising sun" burger should be named the "setting sun."
A hip moderate American eatery. We decided to eat here because the kids started to get really hungry from walking the strip all afternoon. I. ordered the Strawberry Milkshake and Chicken Fingers & Waffle--and that is what I definitely got. Four chicken fingers and a waffle! haha it was an appetizer but damn i thought i would get at least two waffles! Don't get me wrong the food was delicious but it is a bit pricey! The kids enjoyed their food and at the moment that's what really counted!
Wanted to come somewhere fast (and less expensive) after spending time at the pool so we came here.. . Made a reservation ahead of time and our party of 3 was seated promptly when we arrived. Then our chipper waitress Noel came around and greeted us, brought us our drinks and koozies and was off again. Next time she returned, we ordered an appetizer, the fried green tomatoes, to start. The tomatoes were much different than the ones I've had before. Not sure if they were a different kind, heirloom or not, makes a big difference. The honey mustard and asian sauce on top was no good and the lobster bites on the side were good but lacking true lobster flavor.. . Then came our burgers, 2 basics and a california turkey. The buns were rather tough and the fries could have easily come from a  generic supermarket frozen food aisle bag but the burgers were pretty good.. . The reason this review got 3 stars is the fact that our waitress was accommodating, respectful and really great.
A hip eatery in a very chic and sophisticated hotel. The decor was modern and well done. The service was good. The "Classic" burger was "ok", notbad but not great and I found the bun slightly on the tough side. The Holsteins Chopped salad was quite good as was the fries although the portion was quite small. I enjoyed the home made ketchup.. . Exc - None. Good - Decor. Ave - Food. Poor - None. . WOULD I GO BACK? No, there would be no reason to do that.
We needed a convenient, relatively cheap place to eat and this was right in the Cosmopolitan Hotel (across from Marquee).  There is no way this place could go out of business in this location.  They serve gourmet burgers and spiked milkshakes.  Is there anything you can't get drunk on in Vegas?  The burgers are pretty damn good, but it was really only a better version of Red Robin, with an upgraded (better looking) wait staff.  The essential complement to burgers - the fries - were a disappointment.  They seemed overcooked.. . Service was extremely slow, even though there were plenty of empty tables, but our waitress kept us updated.  I had nearly finished my shake by then.  . . 3 stars for now.  This place has potential, but I doubt anyone cares all that much as you can't miss with burgers, fries, and shakes.
Located inside the Cosmo hotel & casino.... . They gave us free popcorn to start.. No wait for a Saturday night.. Got our food within 10 minutes.. . Burgers were nothing spectacular and were expensive at around $15.. . I suggest the steak fries which are more like potato wedges, and taste great dipped in ranch.
Want to like it... Beer list is great... Burgers are dry as f*ck...  Someone in charge needs to try them..
Holsteins is a place that we went to on a whim. All I knew was that I REALLY wanted a burger so I couldn't think of better place to go than a place that specializes in burgers. The best part about this being a whim is that I went in having no expectations beforehand which is always great when experiencing something for the first time. . . At first impressions, the restaurant is nothing particularly special. In fact, I found the images of the animals labeled by their "food parts" a bit disturbing. The service was average. Nothing to write home about. . . I ordered the fries and burger, nothing outrageous. As I mentioned previously, I just wanted a burger. . . They started off by giving out a little bucket of popcorn. I LOVED that popcorn and I'm not a popcorn eater. It had an odd taste to it, but odd in a good way. Also, it was BUTTERY and I love popcorn that has a lot of butter. That's the problem with popcorn now-a-days...they don't put enough butter on it. . . Shortly after that, the burger and fries came out. Someone else mentioned how the fries taste like the fries one can buy in a bag at the supermarket and that is true. However, they taste like the good, expensive bag of fries that one can buy at the supermarket so I wasn't complaining. The burger was not bad. It was just okay. I've had better burgers.. . Something cool though: apparently, the guy who played the brother on Seinfeld was sitting at the table next to mine.  It wasn't a big deal to me since I don't watch the show, but my mother, who I was with at the time, was starstruck.
So a few girlfriends and I came here after a few hours at Marquee's Day Club pool party on 4th of July weekend. Our hunger was ridiculous since we were being smart and didnt eat breakfast prior to going to the pool. . . Our main motivation to go was because it was close, and because after a night of bottle service, we were all craving GREASY food (i.e., burgers and fries). . . Upon being seated - we were given a bucket of popcorn with truffle salt on it "compliments of the chef". OH PUH-LEATHE!!! everyone gets em... it's like bread at other restaurants, only here its truffle popcorn. hahah. however, never having had "truffle" anything before - it was good. but i was also HELLA HUNGRY. so you coulda given me stale popcorn and i would probably still enjoyed it.. . Two of us werent feeling adventurous and just ordered the regular burger and shoestring fries. I ordered provolone cheese on my burger, she ordered cheddar - but when the burgers came out, BOTH had a white cheese on em. I'm pretty sure BOTH were provolone, bc last i checked, cheddar cheese is orange and nowhere on the menu did it state "white cheddar". anyways, whatever, she let it go cuz we were starving. I have to say, though, the meat was really good and you can tell it was "real meat" - i mean it was ground beef, but still chunky... if that makes sense. anyways. the burgers are pretty big - served as 2 meals for me (i saved half for dinner) and i love super skinny crunchy shoestring fries. Overall - the burger was a burger nonetheless, and maybe it's my fault for not being adventurous and getting one of those special burgers, but i was too hungry to risk ordering something i wouldnt like. Nothing really to write home about other than the meat was of better quality than other burgers i've had. it's really hard to mess up a burger.. . Another item my party ordered was the lobster mac and cheese. I only had a few bites but it was DELISH. however, for the price of the dish, i would have expected a slightly larger serving than what they gave. . . As for service - it could have been better. the girl only came by 4 times. once to take drink orders, once for our real order, once to check up on us, and once to give us our check. mind you, checking up on us once may be okay for some, but i hate "hunting" waiters/waitresses down for refills. im a person who largely bases tips on refills because not having to ask for a refill to get one means that the waiter is being attentive and paying attention to you and your party. but maybe thats just me...
mediocre at best.  nice beer list, but the special lady hated her cocktail.  the location was great and being seated immediately helped a big deal.  overall, though, the cosmo is a new place but already tired.
Cool vibe.  Great people watching.  Expensive.  I got the gold standard burger, which came with shoestring fries.  Both were great.  Friendly service.  They had a DJ on a Monday night.  The music wasthumpin', but really added to the whole experience.
2.5 stars. . . What we ordered:. Truffle lobster mac & cheese. Mini burger bites with steak, foie gras & arugula (2). Mini lobster rolls (2). Onion rings. . My first impression when the food arrived at our table was how tiny the portions were for the hefty price tag. Then, I immediately thought to myself that it must be because the food tastes phenomenal. I was wrong. The steak in the burger bites was dry. There was not enough truffle flavor & lobster in the mac & cheese. The lobster rolls were sub par and bland tasting. However, the onion rings were delicious, probably the best I've had. It's kind of sad that the onion rings were the highlight of our meal. There's too many yummy places in Vegas to try...I won't be coming back.
I ate here on Saturday, August 20th. There were two concerts that night, plus the fact is was Saturday made it very crowded. The 20 minute wait wasn't a problem. The fact that the pager went off to tell us that they were ready to seat us when they weren't was the problem. We had to wait another 10 minutes.  . . Be warned that the music is VERY LOUD. You have to yell at everyone which gets old. I'm use to loud music in a club but not when I'm eating.  The redeeming qualities of the music are that the bass is low so you can't feel it in your chest and the mix is arranged nicely.. . The milkshakes are really tasty. They range from $11-14. You get two drinks for that price since you also get a completely filled shake container. My boyfriend liked his Korean Bull Gogi burger. I got the chicken and waffle appetizer. It wasn't anything special about it. I like that they gave us a small bucket of popcorn while waiting for our food. It didn't seem to take too long for the food to come out but they gave us popcorn anyway. . . A little annoyance for me that has nothing to do with the stars was the tie wearing. The waiters are suppose to wear ties, but they have to stick them in their shirts so they don't flop around. It looks weird, like they're wearing ascots. I think the restaurant should either give them shorter ties or supply tie clips.  . . I would go back here for the milkshakes, just the milkshakes.
I was in town for a convention so I just grabbed a seat at the bar. It was pretty busy, but the bartenders were all pretty friendly. . . I started with the fried green tomato salad. I think it was my favorite part of the meal. It was 3 slices of tomato fried with some mixed greens. It was pretty tasty, though it was $14 for a smallish starter. . . The hen house burger was good, but a bit messy. I am never a fan of a burger that is so juicy that it soaks through the bottom bun and makes the burger fall apart. Then it all goes to pieces and you end up being that guy eating a burger with a fork and knife. Never good. . . Anyway, the hen house was tasty. They seem to skimp on the fries though. They were tasty, but the cup of fries you get seems a little small. . . As for drinks, they have quite a few wines and craft beers available, which was nice. . . Two glasses of wine ($20), a salad and burger was $55.
I'm trying to be a fair reviewer but to be honest I came into here with high expectations due to two coworkers telling me it was GREAT. I thought it was standard good burger. The meat was flavorful and moist and cooked medium rare like I asked, but the rest of my classic burger was unremarkable. I thought the burger was a fair size but the delicious fries that came as a side disappeared so fast! It comes in a tiny cup that is around 4 oz. The service was really fast but almost too fast - we couldn't get anyone's attention when we wanted an extra plate and our salad was whisked away before we finished it. Overall, a little disappointed but probably the best place for a burger in Las Vegas.
After partying at marquee day club, all my friends and i were still ridiculously drunk, but hungry. We stumbled across Holsteins which was conveniently right across for the Marquee entrance on the 2nd floor.. . Didn't go for the signature spiked shakes, because more alcohol in the system would have been a bad idea, so we stuck with the food.. . got the burgers, sweet potato fries, and lobster mac&cheese.. . ALL. BOMB. The patties were cooked perfectly medium rare.. and I fell in love with the lobster mac & cheese..there's actually a lot of lobster in the tiny dish.. . -1 star only because of its price tag! (the food is really goood).. But then again, its vegas. Spending maybe $25 on lunch is expensive, but think about all the $$ you spend on alcohol!
Came here on a Saturday night about 9 ish with 2 friends. We couldn't find any place to eat without a long wait or prior reservations, so we popped a squat in the lounge area. . . A cute Filipina waitress with more shakes and buns than what is served here helped us with a smile, trying to squeeze herself into her little dress. That is how all the waitresses dress here, actually, a lot like the girls that eat here, in tight short dresses. At this time of night, it makes sense, because right across the hall is the Marquis Night Club, the main late-night-place-to-be at the Cosmopolitan, especially if you look 19 and Asian.. . We ordered simple little meals as follows:. Red Stripe - $7. Dragon Fruit Drink - $10. Black and White Shake - $8. Artichoke Guacamole app with chips $9. Truffle Lobster $16.50. Pizza Twinkies $12. Mini Holstein Sliders (2) - $9. . The Black and White was great, reminded me of Fenton's Creamery in Oakland, with both chocolate and white chocolate mini malt balls on top. . The Artichoke Guac was meh. The sliders were tasty, but puny in size. Pizza Twinkies looked like 2 large Geno Pizza Rolls.  . . The meal totaled $77.29 with tax, for nothing very filling or completely satisfying. When you throw in a tip, that is nearly $100 for a 3 way snack. . . I tried to fill up on eye candy though. And it was entertaining to see the people in line across the hall herded into the club like cattle, first being branded (ID check) then shuffled through roped holding pens, then stampeding into the meat packing plant.
Another featured burger in the "Vegas Seven" Magazine". Came here to have the obvious... . After I ordered the Bartender replied: "that's what we're known for.. it was ranked top 5 in the nation..". . Gold Standard with steak cut fries: The burger came out perfectly constructed and everything looked proportioned from the top to bottom. Looked like a "Lbs Burger or Bachi Burger".. Well, come to find out this place was related to "Lbs", same chef.. It came with Dry Aged Beef Sirloin, smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula, garlic-chive aioli on a kinda sweet bun.. The medley of flavors worked pretty well but just like "lbs" and even Bachi burger, I was not blown away. Just merely satisfied.. The burger patty wasn't that flavorful but had a nice texture. It was all the supporting toppings that gave it some life. Overall, it just didn't do it for me... . Steak cut fries: Awesome! Delicate light crunchy skin and inside had a crumbly fine mashed potato textured consistency. Loved it!. . Service Outstanding, Atmosphere fun (probably would of been even more fun with one of their Insane alcohol shake blends!), Value was fair (pricey ingredients but the burger didn't deliver much flavor) But I liked the Fries! =/
Came her for lunch.  As the name states, lots of burgers/sandwiches and shakes.  Server was friendly.  Food was above average with lots of unique burgers and shakes.  They have a wide variety of alcoholic shakes as well.  Prices are a bit high although that's kind of expected in vegas.
Another high-end burger joint.  Holsteins is located in the Cosmopolitan. Really, you're just paying for the ambiance, like Grind Burger and Strip Burger. If you're a tourist, spending your vacation budget, the price is inline with your expectations.  But for locals, Five Guys and In-and-Out make great burgers in lieu of full service and "ambiance" at a great price.  Some of the ingredients are higher end like aged beef, goat cheese, kobe, and blue cheese.  These ingredients are very tasty, but do they really make for an extraordinary burger, especially for the price.  . . The fries both sweet and steak were goo.  The shakes (alcoholic and non-alcoholic) are wonderful, but great drinks are a given in Vegas.. . Lastly, When I'm paying my money for food at a restaurant, I expect my reasonable request to be fulfilled.  Since my friend and I couldn't decide between the same two burgers, I ordered one and she ordered the other.  We asked to have them cut in half so we could each try both.  The waitress said that she was not allow to do that.    Why the hell not?
This review is strictly for the bar area. We stopped by on a Sunday to catch the 49er game and grab some drinks and light lunch. The bar area has 4 tvs and 2 of them was playing the same game. We asked if we can change one of the tvs to the niner game but the bartender said its not possible. A few minutes later another man sat down by us and asked the same bartender if she can change the channel to the jets game and with no hesitation changed it. I don't get it we were all ordering drinks, onion rings, fries, and sliders so we were paying customers. The jets guy only had one beer and ended up on his ipad not paying too much attention to the game! . . The cocktails were not strong at all but the fries and sliders were small and nothingspectacular. The other bartenders were really nice and refilled our drinks and cleared our plates right away. They checked on us periodically without being overbearing. Even tho we stayed for the whole game they didn't make us feel like we were getting kicked out.. . Maybe next time I'll try the restaurant area and hopefully the service and food is much better.
Ok - the food here looks good, the space is modern and inviting, but the burgers (what they're supposedly known for) are just okay. If you read my reviews on a regular basis, you know I'm a big burger fan, so take it from me. While Holsteins' burgers look mouthwatering, taste-wise, they are nothing special. I really wanted to love this place because I had awesome experiences at just about every other restaurant I tried in the Cosmopolitan Resort in Vegas, but this one just didn't do it for me. Luckily, the fries that were served with the burger were tasty... and, our friend Denise who was with us ordered a milkshake, which was tasty. Note that, like many Vegas restaurants, Holsteins is a little pricey--especially for burgers.
One of the many restaurants at The Cosmopolitan.  Came here for drinks and appetizers.. . Interesting menu.  Cheddar popcorn is brought to munch on as soon as you sit down.. . Kettle chips were tasty ... wings were good, order them extra crispy.. . They had a short rib sloppy joe that sounded delish.. I'll have to try it during my next visit.. . It's on my list for my next trip to the desert.
I'll give it a 3.5.. . Came here on a busy night, but was seated rather promptly. The place was hectic with a Dj playing and a gathering crowd lining up outside of the Marquee.. . The menu has some really good looking things on it, but everything is pretty damn expensive.. . I went with the gold standard burger and a side of onion rings.. . The burger was cooked to a perfect medium rare. It was really juicy and rich and had great flavor. All of the accompaniments worked well together, but worth 17.50? Not sure about that, then again it is Vegas.. . The onion rings were also pretty damn good. Nice batter and seasoning with a great crunch to them. Would get them again... . Overall I was pretty pleased with Holsteins. Nothing was amazing or lifechanging, but a pretty great spot for burgers and shakes although you are going to be spending some $$$
The deco of this place is pretty neat - a bit hipster, a bit modern. For the food, we had:. . 1. For the life of me, I cannot remember the shake that I got. But it was VERY delicious! It was an alcoholic one, and consisted of some kind of passion fruit alcohol/schnapp, vanilla ice cream, and DRY ICE. It was very good and refreshing. If you're looking for more of a milkshake, don't get this one, as it wasn't thick and creamy. It was refreshing though, and not too sweet, which was amazing.. . 2. Kimchi quesadillas - As someone who is from LA and very used to Korean food, I was expecting an exotic quesadilla with spicy kimchi. However, the kimchi tasted a bit sweet, and was not what I was expecting. Just a mess of oily goodness, if you ask me.. . 3. My boyfriend got the "Rising Sun" burger, and it was pretty good. The best part of it was the tempura avocado, which was something I've never heard of before! It definitely gave the burger a little something special, and with the tender patty, it was a good complement. However, it wasn't that big, and my boyfriend was still starving afterwards.. . 4. I just got the "Greener Pastures" salad, which is a basic salad. Nothing special about it at all; although they gave me avocados, they were a bit raw.. . The price was about $60 for 2 people, but hey, its Vegas, what do you expect? Was pretty good comfort food, but definitely can get better elsewhere!
The restaurant outside of Marquee you always see but never notice. . Delicious burgers. EXPENSIVE. But delicious. . Alchy-fied milkshakes weren't really that strong. We have a friend who gets buzzed from half a beer, and after one of these shakes when he was still going strong we knew the truth. . . But we didn't really care.
The place is loud, the beers are delicious, burgers were OK, and the prices are for the high rollers. Fries were ok
My overall feeling for Holsteins in a sentence: Its alright, but not worth the price.. . I ordered their Rising Sun burger, which  contained a kobe beef patty in teriyaki glaze topped with furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo and tempura avocado. I thought the burger was overcooked, which ruined the texture of the kobe beef patty.  The spicy mayo was ok and not spicy so if you're not into spicy food you'll do fine with this burger.  I thought the tempura avocado was interesting.  The avocado was nice and soft with a nice crisp tempura coating.  It's a good burger but I don't think it was worth $16.50.  I probably would try a different burger if I dine here again.
Let me start by saying everyone I was with loved this place.  We had a 4-star experience, but I really didn't like my food so -1 star.. . I wasn't so wild about it, but they offer a VEGAN burger (the Urth Burger) on their menu so kudos for being vegan inclusive!  It's kind of an odd texture, more like felafel than a veg burger.  Unique is a good word.  It was okay.  I'm pretty sure its made of mostly chickpeas and corn.  The shoestring fries were pretty amazing though.. . Also, the alcoholic shakes are pretty excellent.  Unfortunately only one works for the dairy free crowd.  The smoking passion (or something like that) is Hangar One Mandarin Vodka (see my review on St. George Spirits in Alameda, CA... Hangar One is prob the best vodka I've ever had) and lemon sorbet.  Very tasty.. . Definitely a decent choice for a vegan dining out with meat eaters.
Was conflicted between here and In-N-Out for my burger craving. Ordered The Classic and a vanilla shake. Service was very good. Food was just okay. Nothing special. Much better gourmet burgers elsewhere. Should have saved my money and went to In-N-Out. If ever in Newport, CA, try the Kobe burger at the Beachcomber if you have the time to wait. AMAZING!
Aligned with what other yelpers have said the service was below par... The waitress sent out crappy vibes to us the entire night. Our meal started off with her spilling water on one of our friends. Mistakes happen, but what really pist me off was she didn't say sorry right away. Her face had no remorse about the situation and she went to get towels to clean up. Bah. Then later she forgot to get our tables napkins and when she gave us waters she clanked the glass on the table real loud with attitude. Talk about a Debbie Downer. I do not know what this chick's problem was but if I'm going to pay $20 for a burger I expect more. I will saythat the manager handled the situation well after my friend spoke to him. He took off his burger and milkshake off our tab. . . Wowee! The black pepper was so bomb and the meat was perfectly cooked. I love how the pepper gave the burger a kick to it. I also love that the bun was toasted and not soggy. The bun was also really fluffy in consistency. The shoestring fries were perfect. I stole some sips of milkshakes from my friends and the "Birthday cake" was amazing. I would recommend sharing these milkshakes with a friend or you may get diabetes on the spot. . . I give this place a 4, but -1 * for the waitress with the bad 'tude.
Would have been 5 stars but they were lacking in the service department.. lol. . . So when you give your name & party number they take your cell phone number so they can call you. Which is awesome because you can still mingle in the casino or if you have a longer wait could even go back out to the strip. They told us 25 mins & I believe it was about that long.. wasn't paying attention.. . The restaraunt is huge which is good. They were not that busy at all. It was a Friday around 2:30 p.m. buuuuuut for some reason it still took at least 10-15 mins to be greeted & get our drink order taken. Then at least another 10 to get our water. And when all your going to order is water.. that suxs sitting there thirsty & waiting!. . Ordered Philly Cheesesteak eggrolls for an app. Very tasty & perfectly cooked. the roll part was more like won ton eggroll wrap not the thick kind of wrap. The 'udder' sauce they serve with it compliments it perfectly!. . Ordered the burger that had coleslaw & bbq pork on it.. YuM! forgot to order chesse on it but didn't even notice. ordered it med well & was cooked to perfection. I had a salad as my side & it was great. Husband ordered ff.. nothing special.. . No room for dessert.. plus it was my bday so had to save room for cake..lol. But we'll be back for their "boozled" milkshakes :)
This was my third time here. . . The service was not like it was before. Our server had too many tables and wasn't able to properly serve. . . The fried pickles are amazing!. . One thing that I really dislike are the buns. They seem very cheap and store bought, definitely not fresh. I would love to have a few different bun options, such as wheat or sour dough. . . For a $50 lunch before tip I feel a little short changed.
We came here as we were staying at the Cosmopolitan.  This is a gourmet burger place.  I like their idea of selling shakes with alcohol. The wife had the surf & turf mini burgers and I had a burger with Kobe beef, potato chips and cheddar cheese (can't remember the name of the burger). We also had the Oreo shake with Baileys and kettle chips with blue cheese and French onion dipping sauce.  The surf & turf wasn't very good as it had this tiny piece of lobster with beef tenderloin.  The Kobe burger was good with a nice crunch from the potato chips but it feel short compared to other gourmet burgers I've had.  The Oreo shake was good but had very little alcohol.  A beer would've been better with the burger rather than the milk shake.  The potato chips were a good starter for our meal.  I'm glad we tried this place but not sure if we would come back.
For a quick meal + drink at The Cosmopolitan, Holsteins does the trick. Big caveat up front is that we dined at 11 pm and I didn't have a burger per se but still, it was a decent meal. . . Because it was that late, service was speedy and attentive. The in-house DJ was a little loud though which made conversations a little tough. I really only needed a snack so I ordered a crispy pork belly slider (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=iFmsSniZf-3AgCH-ZYZakA), or tiny buns as they call them here. The fatty pork belly had a nice char on it and the pillowy steamed buns (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=MCPdx_nHJ4JSD0a_3LLQ3w) served as a great receptacle to handle said meat. I thought there was a heavy hand on the hoisin sauce but all in all it was a pretty good combination. My friend had the carbonara chicken burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/P7pxQFqr7yBKMMI2J51udw?select=VQxHmfVC8yd988No1srqUw) and he thought it was alright. . . They do have a good selection of beers here though. I started with the Tripel Karmeliet from Brouwerij Bosteels on tap and it was a crisp triple with hints of citrus, florals, and ummm banana (to me at least). Next I had a Leffe, also on tap. I thought the Leffe tasted a little off... as though it was slightly diluted but it might have been a result of the Karmeliet before. . . All in all, if you want an elevated meat between two buns plus good booze, Holsteins is a good choice if you're at the Cosmopolitan.
Too pricey! I couldn't taste ANY alcohol in my wife's birthday cake shake, it tasted good though. The burger a "bigbun" wasn't so big at all! My wife got kogi beef quesadilla. She thought it was awesome! It looked very good, she also got pizza twinkies. I didn't quite get the concept.  I've had waaay better gourmet burgers @ other chains. Fries weren't very good & they didn't give you very many.  There's no shortage on spuds last time I checked.
It's a nice upscale burger joint / bar.  second floor inside the Cosmopolitan. We ordered fried pickles, French fries, calamari, chicken dip, teriyaki n vegan burger. But they charged $11 for our bday cake and didn't even sing with us. . . Definitely paying the price for ambiance not for satisfying taste buds. Our bill came out to $80 per person...bit pricey for burgers, no?
As soon as I got to Vegas, the GF and I were starving so we met up with my friend (fellow yelper!) and went down to Holsteins as per his recommendation! We went there around 3-4ish during a football game so it was relatively busy. We had to wait a short time and were immediately seated. The first thing is that we were sitting there for about 15-20 minutes of absolutely no service. I flagged down one waitress to address the issue which she said she would resolve. Another 10 minutes pass and I had to flag down another bus boy which he actually went to our waiter and had him take our order. I understand that the restaurant was busy but 30 minutes without any attention to a table is quite absurd, especially for Vegas status!. . When the waiter finally arrived, we ordered the Smoking Passion float and a Artichoke Guac to start. Holsteins is known to have their spiked shakes and we had to try one. The smoking passion float came with 2 mango meringues that were made in front of us with liquid nitrogen hence the name "Smoking" Passion float. The shake itself was so sweet that the taste of any alcohol was absent from our taste buds. The Artichoke Guac was a meaty starter with some nice spiced pita chips. It was a great way to start off our meal with some sweetness from the shake and some savoriness from the dip.. . For our entree, the GF and I split a nomnom burger with a side of steak fries. The nomnom burger was cooked to perfection (Medium) and the steak fries were great. Although the steak fries did remind of a better quality version of potato wedges from KFC. . . Overall my eating experience was great, the initial waiting experience did turn me off about this place and my friend assured me that this was the first time that this kind of service happened. I'm sure I will come here again but I'm hoping that this waiting game doesn't having again.
Like my uncle Dick, this isn't a bad place, just a little bit odd.  It has some good and some not so good (but no restraining orders, okay uncle Dick?). . Service was a little disjointed.  A manager type guy came by and said our waiter would be right with us.  Then he came by again and asked if he could get our drink order.  I thought that was great, but then it seemed to take awhile to get our drinks.  . . Beer selection was very good and reasonably priced.  B/f got the sliders, which he liked.  I had the kobe and potato chip burger which was very good.  Also had the shoestring fries, which I liked but would probably choose the steak-cut next time.. . We only had to wait a little while for a table but the bar area is weird because you can't stand by the bar because the people in the booths in the bar area (which are really low) then yell at you for blocking the tv.  So that's odd.  Also, the servers wear clothing with suggestive slogans such as "nice buns" or "I eat meat" on them, so if you find that kind of provocative attire offensive, you might want to head across the street to the Harley Davidson Cafe, just sayin'.
Overrated, overpriced and completely forgettable.. . Actually, I do remember a 45-minute wait for lunch, generally slow service and some very mediocre food.  My Rising Sun Burger (Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo and Tempura Avocado) sounded amazing on paper but was super dry, and surprisingly bland.. . If you do get a burger, their skinny fries are better than the steak fries.  Pass on the Lobster Truffle Mac & Cheese.  Not worth the price, no truffle flavor and the cheese was runny.  At least the Black & White Milk Shake was good.. . Hungry?  Go to Secret Pizza located upstairs instead.
We ordered the classic burger, truffle lobster mac and  cheese and red sangria. The service was very good, the burgers and streak fries were awesome, but the mac and cheese was lacking. We couldn't find ANY lobster and no taste of truffle, the server was great and did allow us to send it back and order another item.  The sangria was ok, there was too much soda. Overall, the burgers rocked, and atmosphere was very cool
I continue to be mesmerized by the non-burger items and underwhelmed by the service and prices.. . On my latest visit, there was a group of 8 of us for lunch. They didn't take reservations and wouldn't seat us until everyone in the party had arrived. (Which, ok, I suppose those things are understandable.) Our table was "ready" before everyone in the party had arrived and they said they could hold it for 5 more minutes. I said that was fine, they should be here any minute, and to please let me know before they gave our table away (I was sitting at the bar close to the hostess stand and they had my cell phone number). Well, of course, the rest of the party arrives and I'm informed that they gave our table away and I have to put my name back on the wait list. Needless to say, I was pretty pissed - especially as it had been exactly 5 minutes and they agreed to let me know before giving away the table. After some squabbling, we finally got a table without having to re-wait.. . I was looking forward to having the Sonoran dogs again, but alas, those were no longer on the menu. Therefore, I opted for the Chicago dogs. They were ok, but not that great and so not worth the money. 2 stars.. . The blue cheese dusted chips with french onion dip were still awesome. 5 stars. And the buffalo chicken dip was pretty good. 4 stars.. . Everyone else in the party seemed to enjoy their burgers. Though, no one raved about their burgers.
High End Burgers, but really nothing special. Yes, the Burgers are good, above average if you will. Quality meats, well cooked, decent bread. Fries were lame, thin cut or steak fries. . . Not knocking the place at all. But based on my burger history, just average
I think I've decided that Foie Gras on a burge might sound good, but for some reason doesn't taste as delicious as I fantasize it would.  For my first Holsteins experience I had the Billionaire burger with the drunken Monkey shake.  The burger was good.  It was juicy and flavorful, but I kinda wish I didn't have the billionaire burger as the expectation was way too high.  It was still pretty good though.. . The shake was amazing.  I could taste all the bananas and Reeses in it...sooo good!!!. . So my first experience was pretty good, and I will come back for more...althought it is no Umami Burger.
I was actually pretty impressed with this burger here. I order the Goldstein burger which had cheese and bacon on it. You get the option of two different fries, the steak fries or shoestring. I ordered the steak fries which were really tasty and the better of the two choices. This ran me about $17. The serving size was a little on the smaller side.. .  All of my friends ordered a shake which looked bomb! and all they were saying was mmmmmmm so good! but im alergic to milk so i could not experience the ooohhh ahhhhh milkshake. The best one out of all was the drunken money so try that one, they even have a little alcohol in it. Thats vegas for ya!. . the restaurant was located near the chandelier bar inside the Cosmo. They seated our rather larger party of 13 within 20 minutes. restaurant was really nice inside and had loud music so it was a fun atmosphere. so definitely try it out for yourself if you get the chance
I'm actually disappointed in this place.  Perhaps I had too high of expectations but the lobster rolls, ice cream floats, they all sounded real good.  I ordered the brown cow which is basically root beer float with pop rocks and vodka.  Didn't taste any alcohol nor did I taste any pop rocks.  Not good.  Ordered the lobster roll.  It was okay as were the sliders which were overcooked.  The foie burger was decent but a bit heavy according to the GF.  Will I come back again?  Maybe give the milkshakes a try but other than that probably eat elsewhere.
Friendly advice to the ladies - don't come here if you plan on going to the clubs after .. you probably won't fit into your dress.. . On the brighter side, the burgers and appetizers are derrish. The fried pickles and kimchee quesadilla (large portioned enough to be an entree) is a must try. Oh, and lets not forget the bull-gogi burger (add cheddar cheese).. .  However, the famous lobster mac&cheese is up for debate. It was served cold, watery, and rarely any lobster pieces. Bummer... . Lastly, the service lacks and you wait so long for your food, you start seeing stars.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere. In particular, the entrance area seating next to the bar was unique and comfortable for a drink. As an area for eating, I hated crouching over to eat the burger. . . I ordered the Steakhouse Burger (medium) with a side of sweet potato fries. The flavorful and tasty burger was cooked to order as I requested. I definitely enjoyed every last bite of the burger. . . The sweet potato fries were okay. The shoestring fries came in a small bucket, which was indicative of the flavor. The sweet potato fries had a slight sweet potato flavor, but they were too small to really appreciate. I really love sweet potatoes so i was pretty excited to try them. In the end, I was disappointed. . . The menu was reasonably priced for the food. I wouldn't suggest eating here if you plan on going to the clubs/bars after dinner. The food is extremely filling. Overall, the burgers are worthy of eating. I definitely plan on returning here when I am back in Las Vegas.
Alcoholic milkshakes? Check. . . Although this place is known for its burgers, I have to say the most memorable thing on their menu were their shakes. I ordered the Oreo shake and one of my girl friends ordered the Drunken Monkey - both were delicious!. . In terms of their burgers, they're pretty standard. I don't quite understand the hype around the burgers despite the wide-range of choices but overall the meat was pretty okay (ordered the Bulgogi burger). Try it out if you're ever in Vegas and need a break away from the endless buffets. There's a bunch of available seating which is always a plus!
Came here twice on our most recent trip to Vegas.  A burger will run about $18.  First time I had the Gold Standard.  It was like named, a pretty standard burger.  Our party also tried the lobster mac & cheese, it was too watered down.  The redeeming factors are a whole bunch of other entrees and burgers though.  I had the kimchee quesdilla the second day, it was perfection.  I'm not sure what burgers my friends ordered the second day, but again, it was more memorable than what we had for dinner the previous night.  They also have shoe string fries.  YUM.  Service is slow........we were starving and it took about 40 minutes for the food to come out after we ordered.
I really wanted to like this place. . . My date ordered the house lager, which tasted like malt liquor, not a microbrew.   . . I ordered onion rings as an appetizer and they were brought out AFTER our burgers, not even with the burgers.  . . The burgers were undercooked- I ordered mine well done and it came out medium well, while my date ordered medium well and his was medium rare.. . The food was descent but excessively overpriced. You can get a comparable burger elsewhere for much cheaper, like stripburger.. . It's so loud inside I could barely hear my date and he was sitting right across from me.  This place has a pretty annoying atmosphere.
Had high hopes for Holsteins. It didn't totally disappoint, but did run into some issues. . Had reservations for 7:30 as we had a concert to attend at 9 over at MGM. Figured it wouldn't take more than an hour to enjoy a meal. Came to the desk about 5 min. prior. Took them over 10 minutes to get us seated. . . The server was friendly and helpful. Ordered the Oreo shake - a MUST try. So, so good I nearly drank the whole thing before my meal came. . For my meal I ordered the Hen House burger add cheese....cooked medium. My brother ordered the Carbonara Chicken sandwhich. . It was busy so it took about 15 min for our orders to come out after drinks were served. No biggie, to be expected. First thing I noticed was that they forgot the cheese on my burger. Again, no huge deal. Took a while for the waiter to come back around but got me some cheese on a plate. . Next, I cut into the burger. As I ordered it to be cooked medium I expected cooked with a little bit of pink. Unfortunately, it was cooked near rare. I ate two bites luckily from the outside (more cooked) part of the burger before noticing. By this time it was getting close to having to leave for the concert. Server was great and offered to have it re-cooked. As we needed to leave quickly he offered to have it placed in a to-go box but sadly we could not bring food into the concert. . . This resulted in the burger being taken off the bill and the friendly manager offering us some cool nitrogen? type desert bites. Very much appreciated even though I sadly did not get to enjoy my meal. The chicken sandwhich was awesome (Def had to steal a bite from my brother). The shoe string fries were so-so. . . Had purchased a groupon ($20 for use of $40) which the bill ended up being less than $30. Sad.
I'd say the food here is a solid 4 stars, but a few things during my experiences here dropped it down to 3. . . As an appetizer, I had the truffle lobster mac n' cheese and was very disappointed by this. For the low, low price of just $16.50, you get a small dish, about the size of an iphone, full of mac n' cheese! The lobster seemed almost nonexistent and the truffle was extremely light, too light. Although the saving point for this was the bite-sized BLT that came with it. . . For burgers, the one that stood out the most was the El Machete. Wow that is a good burger and it has a very nice kick to it from the spicy aioli that it's topped with. Their burgers are juicy and cooked the way you like it. Their buns are absolutely amazing too. They're dense enough to uphold those thick, juicy burgers with all their glorious toppings too. But not too dense where it's like you're eating styrofoam. . . My bf had the Long Horn, since what man doesn't like EXTRA meat? It was decent but I like my burgers to have more veggies on them. He liked it also, but agreed that the El Machete just tasted better. . . Their matchstick fries are fried to perfection so they're super crispy on the outside but smooth in the center. However we also had the onion rings and they came out extremely dark in color, so over fried. They didn't taste too bad though. . . I LOVE their milkshakes! If only they weren't so expensive! You CAN get them non-alcoholic, which will shave off about 3 bucks from the menu price. They have some tasty concoctions, including their Drunken Monkey, which is my favorite. I tried the Cap'n Crunch and it was good, but it tasted just like a vanilla milkshake with some ground up cereal. Still not bad though. . . The cons of this place are mostly due to the environment of the restaurant.. The hostess was not friendly at all and barely even said hello. The server was friendly enough, although she could have been more attentive. She disappeared for a while after asking what we'd like to drink. The music is extremely loud. We had heard that the music is usually lower earlier in the day, but the last time I came, it was 6pm and I was still yelling over the music.. . This isn't the best place for a nice dinner and conversation, but they can cook up a mean burger. Also, they change the paintings on the walls every once in a while, which is pretty snazzy!
We wanted to go and take a look at the Cosmopolitan and get something to eat but most the venues were very busy in the hotel so we ended up at Holsteins. This place is very trendy and with the music so loud it's like eating in the middle of a nightclub, on the plus side the music was pretty good. The decor is somewhat surreal but it adds to the quirky feel of the place which is topped off by a huge pink cow.. . By this point of my Vegas excursion I was sick of eating burgers, steaks and hugely calorific meals so I opted for the Cobb salad. I also had a milkshake which was pretty good as milkshakes go but come on, it's pretty difficult to screw up a milkshake. The salad turned up and it was delicious, on reflection there were probably more calories in the salad than a burger but the fact it was salad made me feel less guilty about eating it!. . All in all, a fun place to go and eat, next time I'll try one of the burgers.
So here's the thing: I love this place, but I'm teetering on 3 stars. If there were 3.5, I'd give it that. When we FIRST visited this place not long after it opened, we raved and told everyone how amazing it was.  And their burgers are very good. Very, very good.. . But, we've gone a handful of times now and the last few, I've been kind of embarrassed that we raved so much about it to the guests we brought with us. Our server, the last two times, hasn't offered us our locals discount (even though we introduced ourselves as locals when we sat down). The first time, we didn't know and another server is the one who asked if we got our discount. The second time, we pointed it out on the bill and he went back and took it off.. . But the guy who served us the last two times, while nice enough, was more interested in chatting with the hostesses than bringing us popcorn or refilling our water or pretty much anything. And we were seated in this corner so if we wanted to get anyone's attention, we'd have to get up and poke our heads around the side to flag him down.. . He (or the kitchen, can't be sure) slathered my turkey burger in Russian dressing, despite me asking for it on the side twice -- in fact, the server and I had a whole conversation that went something like this:. . Me: "Could I please have the Russian dressing on the side or not at all?". . Him: "So, look, do you want it or not?". . Look, FLO, I don't want it at all, I was just trying to be flexible. Instead, I had to wait while my friends ate so they could de-Russian my turkey burger, which if I'm being honest, wasn't that great. (The turkey burger sliders are also a snooze, skip 'em.). . My other beef (no pun intended) with this place is the volume. I appreciate that it's Vegas and that people are there to par-tay, etc, but I'd like to eat my dinner without having to scream across the table. And this is in the dining room, not even in the lounge area, where it's seriously hearing-damage territory and the bass rumbles under your ass while you're trying to enjoy your sliders. It's just not my jam, so to speak.. . I can highly recommend the Gold Standard and the Steakhouse burger, both of which are delectable and worth every penny. I like their wedge-cut fries, as well.  Two of my friends have told me the Captain Hook salmon burger is also really good.  . . Other high points: the decor is interesting and creative, and aside from this one lackluster server and the occasional snooty hostess, the staff is warm and welcoming. They menu has expanded as well and they've got a lot of interesting choices. They're great at their social media, too. Love that.  . . Overall, I do really like Holstein's and am rather bummed to review it this way.A year ago, it would've been at least 4.
After objectively evaluating this place in my head, I gotta stick ya with a three... maybe I'm a burger snob... maybe I'm too spoiled by the absolute majesty that is Lunchbox Laboratory here in Seattle... but when it comes down to it... the burger was just good. Nothing to really write home about and pretty pricey when it all comes down to it. I ordered the Nom Nom Burger, a Kobe beef patty with cheese and potato chips... it was good... but I'd rather call it the Nom Burger... definitely not deserving of the double Nom and far from the OmNomNoms majesty that is Lunchbox Laboratory.. . Their spiked milkshakes were super good. But that really wasn't enough to push the score higher.. . The ambiance is fantastic though, a great vibe, excellent service, but then again... I come to expect that in Vegas... so this ends up being a wash... it's all about perspective ya dig?. . I don't believe I'd go again... but thanks for the treat and really... it wasn't bad... I'm just spoiled.. . 3 one-nom-...-just-one stars out of 5
Holsteins is a good place to go when dining with people of varying dietary preferences, it seems as though there's something for everyone.  I ordered the vegan burger entitled "Urth Burger" which was made with their very own house made vegan patty, lettuce, tomato, onion, and avocado (additional).  I thought it was average, but I can't put my finger on what I thought it was lacking.  Maybe pickles?  Either way, given the quality of the burger this isn't a place I'd go on my own, but a place I would go as a compromise to eat with my carnivorous counterparts.  So kudos to Holsteins for offering a vegan option.
being hungover.. i decided to grab a salad and the guacamole-artichoke appetizer.. bother were passable.. but really nothing special.. . . my buddies all got burgers which they said it meh.. service was slow as hell too.. . . the hostess was hot as hell though
I think someone who was *not* gluten free would enjoy this place more. Usually burger joints are really friendly to those of us with food intolerances, but not here. I suppose it is a little too trendy. Usually I love trendy places. Oh well.. . None of the milkshakes are gluten free. The only burger I could have was the plain regular one, with cheese, wrapped in lettuce, with a side salad instead of fries. . . Okay, now the good stuff.... . The burger was great!!! Wow!. . The greens were amazing. I love their balsamic dressing. So healthy and fresh!. . Wish there was more here that I could eat. Cannot wait to stay at the Cosmopolitan next time I'm in Vegas and try more there.
Got the Korean Burger.  Eh.  It was super sweet.  Overpowering sweet.  The meat was cooked really well but the flavors just didn't work.  Truffle mac and cheese was just not good.  Texture, flavor, cheesiness, just off.  The Grasshopper shake was very good but didn't get me to any level of drunkiness and the onion rings were pretty good.  There are better hamburger places out there.
Being the beer (and hamburger) lovers that my friends and I are, we decided to pay a visit to the often praised Holsteins Shakes and Buns.  I have to say that I was a little disappointed in the food.  Thankfully, some good craft beer made up for this.  . . We started with a bucket of popcorn, which seems to be a gastropub sort of trend these days in Vegas.  Popcorn is popcorn, and by that measure I guess it was good.  I ordered the bulgolgi burger ($16.50).  I expected an interesting flavored ala Bachi burger.  What I got was a mediocre burger, unfortunately. Although I ordered it medium rare, it came medium well.  The patty was dry, and the buns seemed a little hard as well.  I ordered the steak fries, which were drenched in saltiness.  I was thankful for this though because I tasted a skinny fry, and it was crunchy and over fried.  . . While Holstein's burgers were a let down for the price, the beer selection for me was redeeming. While not the best beer offering in Vegas (or The Strip for that matter), they did have Lagunitas IPA and Firestone Walker Pale Ale on draft.  The bottle selection was pretty decent.  . . All in all there are a couple of better burger/beer places on The Strip.  I can't say that I will be back to Holsteins.
Good burgers & shakes, especially the Gold Standard burger. Would be so much better if the service was more consistent. Servers often disappear for long periods of time and drinks are left unfilled for too long.
I stopped by this place after a cross country flight to try one thing and one thing only: the Philly Cheese Steak Spring Rolls. I've heard a few regular Vegas visitors rave about them. So I was on a quest to find out just how special they could possibly be. . . Located inside the new and hip Cosmopolitan, Holstein's contains a bar area as well as a fair amount of table seating. Grabbing a quick lunch before a meeting, I headed towards a bar space where I noticed the server cleaning up after someone who had just left. After I sat down, another server came up to me and said "Oh no, sir, there's someone sitting there and he'll be right back.". . Looking at the clear space, I asked "Then why did they just clear all his stuff away?". . Before he could answer, I moved farther down the bar and picked another spot. During the rest of my visit, that "man" never came back to his "spot." No apologies or anything. So that was a little rude.  . . I spied the rolls on the menu and ordered them. When they arrived I knew right away that these were not your average spring rolls. They were quite large. And very good, too. Just picture the best Philly cheese steak you ever had all wrapped up into a perfectly fried spring roll. Then triple that in size. Now you have it. . . They were outstanding and I'll be back again someday for more. They are also very filling, even though they're on the appetizer menu. So you could easily make this a meal. . . This place has a little to learn about customer service, but the food lives up to expectations. And after you're done, step outside to your left and get your shoes shined. It's totally worth it. Just trust me.
I stopped in on a Tuesday, so it was very slow. The gorgeous waitresses were looking bored, since no one was at the tables and instead were filling up the bar. Service was lack luster. The bartender had the end of his shift on his mind. The burger was good, but maybe the service made it less yummy. I got the rising sun which was a little over glazed for me. I have had too many good burger experiences else where in Vegas to ever come back here again.
Second visit here, sadly was not as impressed as the first. The good: attentive wait staff and a bustling high energy environment with a phenomenal beer selection. The bad: food wad quite simply mediocre, not at all as appealing as my first visit. Chicken wings were standard fare, similar to Applebees/insert Chain here style. Machete burger was nothing special- cooked properly, but possessing nothing out of the ordinary. It was to be expected for a generic $7 burger, but for nearly three times that, I expected more.
I've been looking forward to trying Holstein's since reading an article on their unique and exceptional desserts. I finally got there last night, and boy was I excited. I'd read positive reviews and food suggestions earlier in the day so I knew exactly what I wanted. To my surprise, it was dinnertime on Friday and we got seated right away. There were several open tables, but the hostess seated us at one of the smallest tables in the restaurant...and the top of it wobbled when we moved our arms. My husband ordered a $6 root beer and I got the $11 cereal bowl shake. My husband's glass was dirty and he asked to exchange it with a clean one...no apology, but at least the 2nd glass was clean. My shake was good, but I couldn't taste the flavored vodka at all. I ordered the rising sun burger medium-well and my husband got the gold standard medium-rare, both with steakfries. When the burgers arrived, they looked delicious, but not nearly as "pretty" as in the photos in the gallery on their website. I tried a crispy fry first and burned the roof of my mouth...those little metal pails must really hold in the heat!? Both of our burgers were tasty, but came overcooked. And my beef patty was a lot thinner than I anticipated. I think the burgers are called "big buns" because the bun's bigger than the burger and fixin's! The waitress brought our bill without asking if we wanted dessert...the main reason why I wanted to try the place! I told her we wanted to order the candy store, and she said, "Oh, since you ordered the shake, I just figured you wouldn't want dessert too. Most people don't get both." It might've been all the cool piggy artwork surrounding me, but that was a bit offensive and made me feel like a lil' piggy! The dessert was the best part of the meal...especially the shooters on the bottom. It was fun eating cotton candy in a restaurant! It was adorable! But I wouldn't say their handmade candies are worth $15. I probably won't return to Holstein's after dropping $81 at the mediocre burger joint with fun desserts. Atmosphere was fun and artwork was amazing! (Wanted to end on a positive note.)
The online reservations we made through Yelp were completely worthless, as we still had to wait nearly an hour before we were seated. Plus, the hostess was just kinda bitchy in general... It really dampened the mood. . .  Thankfully, our waitress was nicer and pretty on top of everything. We tried both kinds of fries and neither were great, but their chocolate milkshake just made it into my top three ever. . . My "Longhorn" burger was delicious, but it would have been plenty of food if it were just a beef brisket sandwich, but of course there was a huge burger patty on there too... seriously filling.. . Jim G. really summed it up great when they described the atmosphere as "bordering on douchey" ... It doesn't help that they are inside the drunk-girl trendy Cosmopolitan hotel, right next to the dayclub/nightclub.
Fun setting with some decent people watching and sexy servers.  (It's Vegas).  Shakes were decent, sliders were not very good. My friends burger was ok.
Burger was tasty, onion rings crisp and the service slow.  I left satisfied.
My husband and I had a pleasant dinner at Holsteins. The time estimate for the wait was accurate (about 5-10 mins on a Wednesday evening). The server (Jonathan) was polite and efficient. We were in a bit of a hurry as we tickets for a show that night, and fortunately the food came out quickly.. . We shared the Caesar salad ($12), which the server split into two plates for us, and the Gold Standard burger with steak fries ($17.50), which we split ourselves with the extra plate. (Note that medium-well was closer to the medium side for our visit.) Everything was tasty, but nothing amazing.
Kinda on the fence, but for now I will give 3 stars. Came here on a Saturday afternoon and the second floor was packed with people waiting to get in Marquee dayclub. So right away I was put off by the drunk and obnoxious, fist pumpers. Now I know that has nothing to do with the restaurant but I think the commotion rubbed off on our hostess because she had a slight attitude. We were seated fairly quickly, and I was hoping that it wouldn't be so loud inside the restaurant.....I was wrong. It was so loud I truly couldn't talk to people sitting next to me. Frustrating. Onto the food....for starters we ordered the lobster Mac & Cheese, pretty tasty, would order again, perfect amount of flavor and not too salty. Fried pickles, I liked the pickles themselves, but wasn't a fan of the herb-caper mayo, would've been better with ranch. I split the Gold Standard burger, ordered medium well, they actually got the medium well perfect which I appreciate, I couldn't decide if I loved the burger. I don't like meat on meat (i.e bacon on my burger) but the description of the burger sounded delicious, so I don't know if it was the goat cheese or the aioli dressing that threw me off. I was too full to try the milk shakes, unfortunately. . . Don't know if I would come back, I am still a Bachi Burger fan.
I'd been to Holstein twice before. First time I had the Korean Bull-Gogi burger, which was super juicy. I also how they put kimchee slaw and egg in it! Second time here, I had the ahi-sliders, which comes with seared ahi tuna, asian slaw and chili mayo. I asked for mine without the slaw because I don't want that extra gas while lounging later haha. But yes, even without the slaw, those sliders are delicious! I really like the chili mayo that it comes with it. I ordered sweet potato fries, which was a bit bland, but those mayo definitely spiced it up. I also ordered a redbull vodka here, and boy, it's pretty strong stuff. . . The waitresses here are all very nice and cute. Their outfit kind of reminds me of Hooters except with longer shorts. There'are restaurant seating in the back and lounge seating in the front, both where you can order drink and food of course. The place is pretty well-lit and hip. It's great for hanging out.
We bought a Groupon a while a go since I had been wanting to try Holsteins since they opened. We finally got to use it...before it expired, expiration dates are good like that, giving you a kick in the butt.. We got soda's and split the Cereal Bowl Adult milkshake....loved it, reminded me of the Captain Crunch shake Carl's Jr. Used to sell. . I ordered the Gold Standard which is not as good as the Lbs. Burger version of the same burger (Perfect burger), it was good just nothing special. The shoe string fries were crispy but I didn't like that they are batter dipped. My husband got the Machete burger again he liked it but it was nothing to write home about....not as good as lbs. Both were cooked well..nice and juicy.. Our waitress was great, she answered all our questions, and was patient with our indisiciveness. I wouldn't steer someone away from Holsteins but I would recommend places that I think are better.
This place is basically a burger club inside the Cosmo, and I convinced my friends to stop by here after a recommendation from Monica C. I think I didn't enjoy it as much because I was pretty full from my Fat Tuesday, but it was a pretty cool experience. The ambiance is great, although it is pretty loud inside. . . The wait was about 20 minutes on a Friday night. I ordered the Rising Sun, which was a teriyaki burger with avocado and I think fried onions. It was pretty good, but I didn't get a "burgasm." I liked the shoestring fries. I only ate about half the burger, which was reasonably sized but still not worth 20 bucks. Shakes are around $13 but looked pretty good. For the most expensive burger I have ever had in my life, I don't think it was worth it but for some people I guess its a value deal in Vegas!
The gold standard was not bad but nothing really memorable about it that would make me want to come back (especially for its price). The fries for some reason that night were absolutely horrible. I love potatoes in all shapes and sizes so I was pretty sad that my steak cut fries were so awful I didn't want to finish them. My friend ordered the sweet potato fries and also mentioned that they were really disgusting and tasted like they had been sitting around for ages.
Very loud 80s music!   The turkey burger was good and the space pigs are awesome!  Our waitress was friendly and did her best to accomodate my special request as a non-red meat eater.
Okay so once again I'm going to disagree with my fellow yelp reviewers and say that I was not wowed by my meal at Holsteins Shakes and Buns, and I think there are better burger places in Vegas. Holsteins is located at The Cosmopolitan Hotel and Casino directly across the entrance to the Marquee Pool and Day club. Because of the location you will need to have a reservation or be prepared to wait with the diva's and meat sticks that frequent the place.  We did have a reservation and were seated on time. The decor at Holsteins is eightiescool. Cartoon Artwork dots the walls, boom boxes are painted in bright colors and a huge pink cow welcomes you in the bar area. After looking over the menu, my wife Simone ordered the Meatball Parm sliders and I ordered the Nom-Nom burger topped with melted cheese, Potato Chips and House made thousand Island dressing. The food came out fairly quickly, and on the side I had some tasty crunchy potato stick thin french fries. My burger however was overcooked ( ordered medium and got well done). An overcooked burger made with fresh ground meat ends up tasting like sawdust, and this was the case. The burger could have been saved by the dressing, but there was very little of the dressing on it. The Chips on top were the best part of the burger. Medium thin hand cut and fried perfectly, they stayed crispy on the sandwich and gave a nice contrast to the burger, but overall this burger sounded better then it tasted. Simone's sliders were the exact opposite of my burger. The meatballs had great garlicky flavor, they were moist, tender and tasted fresh. They were topped with a mixture of sweet marinara and basil pesto and lots of melted creamy mozzarella. I so wanted to steal them from her and I had total meat envy.  We finished off the meal with a Reese PB adult shake spiked with Frangelico called the Drunken Monkey.  Any monkey that could get drunk off this would have to be a lightweight because I could taste no alcohol in it whatsoever. It was still good, once again just not as good as advertised.  So in the end I would have given Holsteins a 2 star rating for my food however Simone's sliders choice saved the day...so overall Holsteins gets a three stars from me.
My girl friends and I kicked off our Vegas weekend with a late and light lunch at Holsteins.  I was salivating when I saw Billionaire burger ($28) on the menu with kobe beef, foie gras, port onion marmalade, frisee, and truffle mayo, but I decided that the Hen House burger ($14) was good enough for half the price with its fried egg and bacon.  That is, until our server highly recommended the award winning Gold Standard burger ($17.50) with dry aged beef, bacon, goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula, and garlic chive aioli.  It was done--I would eat the winner.. . Although complex and tasty, the Gold Standard didn't make me shake my buns or roll my eyes backwards.  I didn't care for the fancy stuff like goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, or baby arugula.  For a gourmet burger, Umami Burger (multiple locations in LA and one in SF) is my gold standard and it's about 2/3 of the prices here.  I did, however, enjoy the shoestring fries at Holsteins.  They're skinny, crisp, wonderful, and plentiful.  . . If you have a car in Vegas, you should make the trek to Bachi Burger (http://www.yelp.com/biz/bachi-burger-las-vegas).  Now there's a burger joint worthy of being called the best burger in Sin City.
Did they forget to toast my buns for the ahi tuna sliders?? I sure hope so because that would have made the sliders oh so much better.
Fun atmosphere set in the swanky Cosmopolitan where the burgers comes out before the shakes. Say what? I thought it was called Shakes and Buns...not buns then shakes. . . The service was slow and apparently the shake making was slower. They have a wide array of shakes with alcohol--I chose the Black Cow Float (3 Olives Cherry Vodka, Coca-Cola, Vanilla Ice Cream, Chocolate Pop Rocks)...while the ingredients sound tasty it was nothing spectacular. I would have opted for one of their original shakes sin alcohol.. . The fast cooking burgers were something else! I highly recommend the Gold Standard...there is a reason why they call it that. If you like bacon, cheddar cheese and arugula it's the perfect burger for you.. . Oh and did I mention the seasoned popcorn they serve before every meal? Tasty and unique! Good enough to come back...but next time it's the original shake before the bun and hopefully faster service.
Came for Restaurant Week menu however we were told that it wasn't offered that day Sat 9/10/11. Now looking at the website, that was not an excluded date. Either management is failing to keep their employees informed or hostesses could care less about their jobs. Either way, for what it was, it was overpriced. Not terribly bad, just not as good as the price tag might indicate.
Note: I did not have a shake as I am allergic to milk but my friends did and they LOVED their shakes so three cheers for their shakes.. . The burgers looked good to me but I didn't want to be bloated when we went out later so I ordered the pork belly in the steamed bun with hoisin sauce. The steam bun is taco shell shaped and was perfect but the pork belly was definitely overcooked. I was looking for the juicy melt in your mouth pork belly that compliments steam buns so well and I got overcook, chewy, burnt on the edges pork belly pieces that I had to dissect before eating. Really??? . . The ambience is really nice but be warned: they do not take reservations during the weekend. We were lucky that we were able to get a table right away but were prepared to wait if we needed to. Also the woman's bathroom is a single stall style bathroom and for a restaurant of that size it was a little small and there was always a line.. . They are located inside the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
The first of many Yelp reviews to come :). . Holsteins is located right smack in the middle of the Cosmopolitan. There's really no signs leading to this place, so keep your eyes peeled for a dim little restaurant in the corner of the floor. It was around dinner time on a Saturday night when I went with my lover and the wait was only 15 minutes. When our name was called we were told by the hostess to walk down to the dining room to be seated. I found this a bit STRANGE considering there were so many servers walking around- I didn't know which one would be seating us. After a few awkward eye contacts, we were greeted by a nice young lady and shown to our table. . . Food ordered:. Billionaire Burger (Kobe Beef and Foie Gras) - I didn't like how the Kobe Beef masked the flavor of the Foie Gras, but it was still delicious. The Foie Gras was truly something special. I would pay $28 for the piece alone (Yes, this burger was $28).. Urth Burger (House made veggie patty) - The veggie patty was a bit too mushy for my liking. I wanted a bit of a crunch, at least on the outer part of the patty. NOPE. The avocado didn't help the mushy theme either. The texture  wasn't pleasant at all. Don't get be wrong though, the flavors were definitely there. This burger went for $12-$15, I forgot. Not worth it.. Shoestring Fries - SO GOOD. I love crispy, semi-burnt things, so these fries were PERFECT for me. Not that I'm saying it was burnt... but it was VERY crunchy. These fries were very, VERY thinly sliced. For those who want to taste to potato, go for the steak cut fries.. Steak Cut Fries - Nothing too special about these fries. Very mediocre. Too much potato in my mouth!. . The service was good. Dining was casual. Place is a bit dark, but it gives this place a nice vibe for a burger joint. In all, it was a good experience. Will come here again for the Billionaire Burger, nothing else. :). . TIP: Don't walk too fast after the hostess tells you to walk to the dining room to be seated... you'll be standing there like a lost child :/
Went to Cosmo to watch Polica rock out at the Boulevard Pool last night (buy theiralbum! review w/in a review).   I always like to try out a new restaurant in whatever casino I'm seeing a concert in (or in the case of the Cosmo I include Aria's options).   Since I splurged a little with Julian Serrano a few weeks back, I thought we should take it easier on our bank accounts with Holsteins.  This wasn't seen as a downgrade in my eyes too much because I'd been wanting to try their Gold Standard Burger ever since I'd read John Curtas praise it as (one of?) the best in Las Vegas.. . Given the fact that one of their signature milkshakes would probably cause me death due to my lactose intolerance (and not a quick, lethal injection/firing squad death which might make it worth it, but more of a slow, chinese water torture/buried alive death) I passed on those, though they sure sounded delicious.  I instead opted for my usual Jack and Coke which was an acceptable version, but not as strong as I normally prefer.. . For food we skipped appetizers because the majority seemed fried or slathered with cheese and or some sort of ranch dressing (I know, it's a burger joint) and I just didn't feel like I needed any of that before I gorged on a giant burger and fries along with the whole slow death sentence thing.  I ordered the Gold Standard with no altering of the standard fixings cooked medium, and shoestring fries on the side.. . Shortly thereafter the burger arrived and looked delectable and consisted of a Dry Aged Sirloin patty, nice smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese (goat cheese tends to sit easier with my intolerance in case nosy minds were inquiring), tomato confit (I had to google confit to remind myself what it was.   I already forgot.  Roasted?), and arugula and some garlic aioli.   The burger was perfectly cooked, and I really enjoyed every bite of it.   I do think that there might have been too many flavors going on which took away from the quality of the beef.  I'm not sure it really needs the aioli or maybe it needs less, and the cheese tasted really nice, but I felt like it may have overpowered the whole thing a little.  I'm being very nitpicky as it was a tasty burger as Sam Jackson would say, but all in all I still prefer almost any I've had at Bachi or Fuku burger and they are more reasonably priced.   The fries were very average and had zero qualities worth mentioning here which was a bit of a disappointment.   Service was friendly and responsive for the entire meal, if not a little robotic seeming at times.  I can live with that for an $80 dinner and drinks for 2 at the casino where the table minimums are my monthly salary.
We were so looking forward to Holsteins for the burger fix we had been delaying for weeks before our visit to Vegas. So when we arrived at Cosmo, we headed up to Holsteins on the 2nd floor on a Sunday evening and walked to the hostess desk at check in. . . From the get go I already had a predetermination that we weren't going to get the friendliest girls to check in with. I figure, put your tasks aside, and greet your f'in customer. At least acknowledge them immediately. Ok, so maybe it was that bad- she took my name, gave me the pager, and told me it will be just a few with a semi-courteous attitude. So we walked around out front a bit, I went over to the bar across the way and picked up a brew, went back to have a seat outside the restaurant. Then I noticed my pager was chirping. This wasn't the typical light up and vibrate situation we're all used to when they are paging us to check in. This was an intermittent chirp, no lights, asif it was possibly telling me the battery was running low. I don't know! So I got up, stopped inside to inquire about, or let the hostess know (she was the same one who helped me just like seven minutes prior) the pager, and she acted like if I was freshly coming in for the first time. (mind you I had the pager held up to the hostess desk... And my beer in my other hand) The first words out of her mouth, so directly were, "I'm sorry! No outside drinks in here". That tripped me out and I told her about the pager chirping... "Well, it will light up when it's ready". I was like, ya I knew that I decided she can go F herself, I'll just wait a bit more. . . So ok. We were paged, checked in, asked to meet the hostess down in the middle... She was a little more personable. So we sat, and sat... Well it was longer than it should have been. Got our popcorn :D, my beer, her coke, waitress was pretty nice... Told me the Rising Sun Burger I just placed my order for was the house favorite (Thanks Yelp!). It wasn't until she checked in on us, and at which I inquired about the plate I ordered when she got all defensive. I'm sorry, but I just couldn't recall if my burger had a fried egg on it or not. Thanks to all the photos on Yelp! Excuse me if I got confused. She proceeded to say things like, "Well did you order one?", "Did you want one?" As I explained this to her, she just kind of gave me the stink eye and walked away. That is why you didn't receive a tip missy. Sorry if that ruined your day.. . But with that said, the hostesses walking around acting like they were directing air traffic with their little radios and smug looks on their face... Holsteins, food maybe be packed full of flavor, possibly a little under portioned, you need to give your staff a lesson in attitude... . . When we visit Vegas, we drop money, lots of it. I don't care if your trendy or haute... Service is what bring the clients back.
Met a friend here for apres-work dinner and a couple of beers. I was happy to see that they actually have a vegan burger on the menu!  I pretty much agree with fellow Yelper Jen. F's opinion. The burger was fine, a little mushy, served with avocado, cucumbers and lettuce (they didn't offer sprouts when I went). The burger was fine, but not mind-blowing. Got the shoestring fries - which were awesome.. . Sampled the Holsteins Special Lager - which the waitress said was like "Bud Light". Personally, I think that description does it no justice. Nice crisp, lager with a fairly low alcohol content.  Good beer for washing down a heavy meal with a drive home ahead of you.. . The service was attentive - our waitress was friendly and professional. The hostess seemed a bit glum, maybe she was having a bad day.
Ironically, I came here for... mac & cheese.. Which, by the way, was amazing! It was actually an appetizer dish, so it wasn't as filling for a meal as I'd like... but I didn't want to eat too much. I especially loved the pieces of  lobster inside!. . I stole a few bites of my friend's titanic-sized chicken sandwich, which was pretty good. I think that thing could have fed a family of four or something. Eh, but it was average. I could not imagine being able to finish that sandwich. It also came with a side! Cray.. . But I don't know if I'd come back here again... food was pretty pricy. I'd come back for the shake and fries some time, though!
There's obviously lots of glamour in this restaurant. What can you expect in one of the newest/nicest hotels in Las Vegas with lots of people traffic? Because of this, I wanted to like it because of the gourmet burgers and fries (my type of unhealthy meal). We had to wait about 20 minutes to get a table for 4.. . I had The Rising Sun (Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura Avocado). While I thought it was good--it wasn't extraordinary to me and I remember that none of us 4 really enjoyed the joint. If I had to come back, I'd try something else.. . Service could've been better--lots of room for improvement. I guess I would recommend coming here but don't expect super amazing.
If you want to have a burger in Vegas I recommend Holsteins.  The burgers were juicy and perfectly cooked.  The fries are wonderful.  The service was great!
Holsteins was bustling with activity when I went on a recent Sunday afternoon.  The restaurant was brightly lit and loud.  There was a game on the televisions in the bar, and as a result, the bar was packed.  After waiting ten minutes for a table, we were seated at a comfortable table.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  She acknowledged us promptly and took our drink orders.  She provided several suggestions, and when I asked about the Nom Nom burger, she informed me that it was done as a charity promotion but was so popular, they kept it on the menu.  . . After serving us drinks, she provided us with a small bucket of popcorn.  Cute. And tasty.  I am sort of a popcorn kind of guy.  You probably didn't know that about me, and probably didn't want to know that about me. There are more things I can share, but I won't.  The popcorn was fresh and warm.  It also had a distinct flavor that was hard to place.  I thought it could have been a pickle flavor seasoning.  Hey, I am at a burger place, right?  It was salt and vinegar.  Tasty.. . The burgers came out quickly, and cooked to specification.  I asked for a little bit of pink, and that is what I got.  I had the Nom Nom burger.  It was tasty.  It could have been better.  The menu billed it as Kobe Beef.  At $16.50 for an 8 ounce burger, I can assure you this is not authentic Kobe Beef.  The first Kobe Beef in the last two years in Vegas is at City Center.  They are charging $35 an ounce.  So, maybe they are billing the Wagyu as Kobe Beef.  Or maybe it is the Kobe style beef.  Who knows.  I just know it wasn't what was billed.  . . We skipped the booze because we were trying to eat on the cheap.  A diet Coke, an iced tea, and two sandwiches came out to $42.  A little pricey in my opinion.  But, considering where I am, I don't mind paying for it.. . The burger, as I mentioned was cooked perfectly.  The bun was firm, but a little on the plain and boring side.  The fries, I got the shoe string, my companion got the thick fries, were hot, salted and well seasoned.  I preferred the shoe string fries over the thick fries.  So did my friend.  The burger was topped with white cheddar, potato chips and Thousand Island.  There was barely any sauce.  The chips covered the perfectly melted cheese.  I was surprised that there was no additional garnish present.  No pickle, tomato, onion or lettuce on the plate.  Not even a sprig of parsley.  At these prices, surely they could toss something in.  Applebee's even garnishes their plates with a sprig of inedible, icky kale.. . I didn't get a chance to sample the liquor malts, but rest assured, next time I go, I won't be driving, so I will definitely take a taste.
The food was DELICIOUS, I got the veggie burger and my boyfriend got a real one, also the spring rolls that seemed to be pure heaven.  My only big gripe is that I paid over $10 for a milkshake that was supposed top have booze in it.  Don't bother folks, the shake was nummy but I highly doubt there was more than a splash of the amaretto that was supposed to be in it. If I pay that much for a drink, I do expect to actually taste the alcohol.  SO good for dinner, bad for drinking, and seeing as this is Vegas, I expect better drinks!
I want to give this place a better review since it's at my favorite spot on the trip - The Cosmopolitan.  The thing is...the burger was not very good.  My wife and I split the Nom Nom Burger (Kobe beef, potato chips, thousand island dressing) thinking it would be something we couldn't find somewhere else.  The beef patty was overcooked and did not seem to be seasoned.  The potato chips were a nice touch and appeared to be made in house.  The hamburger was simply lacking flavor.  I'll say that we enjoyed the french fries that came with the hamburger (and all hamburgers at Holsteins.)  The beer selection was admirable and allowed me to an IPA that I've not had before.  Too bad for you that I can't remember the name.  Overall, I think that I'd go back because I got the feeling that they could do better.  Casual, relatively affordable and average from most angles.  A safe bet if you are already in The Cosmopolitan, but not worth a special trip.
I hate to compare any burger I've ever eaten in my life to my all time favorite Umami Burger, but given the price you pay at Holsteins I figured it'd at least come close to it. Unfortunately, my first experience here was quite disappointing. I yelped Holstein's Shakes and Buns & decided to give it a try after seeing it was given 4 stars. . . We came here on the Sunday of Halloween weekend & were glad that the wait wasn't that long. Our waitress kindly informed us about their "special" shakes (which i thought was unique to their establishment). I ordered the Gold Standard, which our waitress said they were most famous for. The burger LOOKED really good, but as I bit into the burger, I quickly realized that the patty was very bland. They had cooked it the way I wanted, but there was just no flavor whatsoever in the patty. My appetite disappeared soon after as I found it hard to even eat the french fries. Our waitress seemed to have disappeared for a while as well. . . Perhaps my taste buds were off that day from all the drinking the two nights before, but my meal just wasn't appetizing to me. Based on my first try here at Holsteins, I don't believe that they deserve the 4 stars. I am, however willing to give them another try & order something that would better appeal to my taste. I'm HOPING after that, I could also consider this fine establishment a 4 star restaurant.
I wouldn't say I'm a big fan of their ambiance and decor, which seems to be casual and urban, but their food was pretty decent. The graffiti-style paintings on the wall were candy for the eye.. . We received complimentary popcorn. I ordered the pork-belly wrap with sweet potato fries. The pork-belly wrap were surprisingly good. I wouldn't say they're authentic Chinese, but it came pretty close and was delicious in its own way.. . I also had the ahi poke appetizer, a small dish of raw tuna salad. I wouldn't recommend this appetizer for more than one person considering its small size, but it was really good. I felt as though the dish could have a little more of that chilli mayo sauce on the side. I recall it being just two drops for the whole dish. You don't need a whole lot, but maybe two additional drops would've satisfied my senses.
Yes, this is a good burger, but if you eat a lot of burgers, you should know that it's going to be nowhere near the best you've had.. . I ordered pork belly-wrapped hot dogs which were very meh and not worth the $12. . . Service was fine and a huge thumbs up on the complimentary salt and vinegar popcorn. I could've had three buckets.
Great service but portions were small for the price. Food okay.
It's a gastropub style burger joint with Vegas strip pricing and fancier burgers.. . Heard a lot about their milkshakes, ordered a black and white.  Just like everyone says, it's a good milkshake.  So it's definitely worth coming here just for that.. . Black truffle lobster mac 'n cheese: black truffle was too strong.  If the lobster didn't have a distinct color, you wouldn't have even noticed it was in there.  Sauce was underseasoned.  The chip garnish was interesting, but I don't see how that plays in with the dish.  Superfluous...but not a negative.. . Korean kimchi hot dogs: was very intrigued by this menu item, but it was underwhelming.  It tasted exactly like a hot dog with bbq sauce.  Didn't get the sour punch from the kimchi, nor did I even notice pork belly in it.  The bun was very soft and delicious though.  . . Gold standard burger: goat cheese cheddar was wonderful, and my burger was cooked to medium rare which is a plus.  Overall, burger was good, but lacked seasoning.  Bun was nicely done.  . . Service was spot-on.  We sat in the lounge so we didn't have to wait for a table, so I can't say much for the actual dining service.  . . For what it is, and being in Vegas, I'd say it's a good spot to go for a burger fix.  Is it a top tier burger place?  Remains to be seen when I come back again, because there's a lot of stiff competition out there.
Because we stayed at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, dining at Holsteins became a must for us to stop into.  The restaurant was located a few steps from the elevators which also provided a visual reminder for us every time we passed it.. . Our party started off lunch with some spicy Bloody Mary's.  They were actually a little WAY too spicy it felt like you drank some fire - the heat crazy lingered.  They also have a pretty amazing beer selection. The server cracked me up when I asked him for an IPA suggestion - this guy said their Sierra Nevada "Holiday Blend" was what he'd recommend.  Uhmmmm....So I went with the Green Flash IPA instead.  I also had a taste of the Tenaya Creek Hop Ride IPA - both VERY tasty ales.  MmmHmmm.  The server also brought out some Salt and vinegar popcorn for us to munch on. I haven't ever had these and gobbled them up to say the least.  . . I didn't eat any burgers this time around but had their Crispy Pork Belly Buns.  These were tasty and hit the spot.  Other members of our party had burgers though: the Big Fat Greek for one.  It was big AND fat - looked tasty too. If only I ate lamb *sigh*. . Definitely coming back to check out their burgers - prob settle for a turkey burger.  The service was good and prices adequate for a Vegas restaurant.  I especially liked their artwork around the place.  It was artsy youthful and featured a comical cow all throughout.  What a way to lighten up the fact that you're going to soon scarf down one of 'em...
I heard good things about Holsteins and was really looking forward to trying it but I honestly didn't think it was that great. My personal opinion is that Burger Bar in Mandalay Bay is better... . I had the classic burger with gruyere cheese. Meat was okay (not great) but the real culprit was the bun. Way too thick (both in size and texture). Maybe it's because I didn't get a million toppings on my burger that there was too much bread but I'm generally pretty simple with my burger order.. . Fries were pretty good (ordered the shoestring).. . Highlight of the meal was the milkshake. Ordered the Drunken Monkey (sans alcohol) and it was really delicious. We were wavering on whether to do this but I think this is a must order if you are here.
Took some friends here while hey were visiting from out of town. Burger was good but nowhere near great. I had the gold standard... The beer selection was decent with the exception that the server had to come back on 3 separate beer orders to tell me they were out of each of the 3 different beers. Now, you would think that when he discovered they were out of one beer, he would have checked to see which others might not be available. Nope.. . If you are looking for an evening of great beers with great food, I highly suggest you check out Public House. Sure, the price is slightly higher, but the experience more than makes up for it.
Went here last weekend, excited to get our Bull-gogi burger fix. Sadly, to our dismay, it is no longer on the menu!!! WHAT?!?! How is this possible?! It was so freaking delicious, with a fried egg, tender burger, and flavorful kimchi. And now it's GONE, just like that! =(. . When we first came, it was even our server who made the recommendation for us to order this burger. Please, we beg of you, to bring it back! It is the sole reason we kept coming back in the first place! Ah we miss it too much!. . Instead, I had to find something else on the menu, which was really difficult seeing that the decision to come here for dinner was only because I wanted to get the Bull-gogi again. I ended up getting the El Machete burger, which I don't recall being on the menu before (I believe the Bull-gogi was swapped out for this new burger). It was decent and the flavors melded well, but still wasn't mind-blowing enough for me to want to come back =(. Pooooo!!
Free popcorn, awesome, our big ass party got divided into two tables, oh well, while looking around, they have some toon like art on the walls. . . I got the Fun-ghi burger, which had portebello mushrooms that tasted great, truffle oil, some gruyere, frisee, carmelized onion and an aioli that was sweet. . The burger was overwhelming to me, it got tiring and I ended up just eating the mushrooms, the meat was cooked perfectly at medium rare but I feel the lack of truffle oil in my patty made it seem bland, I feel like they needed to pump that shit with it. I don't think the frisee works well, i prefer lettace. Comes with wedges or shoestring fries.. . Service was cool
O-V-E-R-R-A-T-E-D. . . I don't really understand how this place is supposed to have the best burgers in all of Vegas. Vegas must really lack good burgers.. . The ambiance is kind of weird - resembling a lounge/club in the front bar area and almost like an Applebee's in the back dining room. Well, an Applebee's with Japanese style cartoon cows on the walls. . . Burgers here are really just mediocre at best. My veggie burger was mushy and didn't taste of the "12 veggies" the server proclaimed went into the patty at all! I have had a handful of great veggie burgers elsewhere, sometimes at a fraction of the price. Their veggie patty really tasted no different from a Garden burger (you know, the frozen kind). . . Okay, I'm sure you're laughing now about how I'm whining about the quality of a burger joint when I had the nerve to order a freaking veggie burger. Well, the oh-so popular "rising sun" burger the bf ordered wasn't too impressive either. Not only was the patty cooked to an almost well done when he specifically asked for medium rare, but the plethora of sweet Japanese BBQ sauce and various toppings totally overwhelmed the meat and was excessively salty, even for him! The one thing I did really enjoy was the sweet potato fries I ordered with my veggie burger, but I have rarely met a sweet potato fry that I didn't like.. . The concept of Holstein's is pretty cool I guess, definitely fun and laid-back. However, they need to deliver on the execution. I would much rather save my calories for another restaurant, or just a few beers.
The Holstein sliders were good.  This place is popular and can often takes a wait to get in.  But I love the cute cow decor!
Holsteins really wasn't as good as I was hoping for......this could have been for a number of reasons. Should I not have ordered a turkey burger? Probably not because it was meh. Every other table was provided popcorn as an appetizer....after waiting for like 20 minutes I asked our waiter if we could get some. Why do I have to ask? Just bring me my damn popcorn I'm starving! The buffalo chicken dip was really good (or was it good bc I was starving??) and my husband said his burger was pretty decent. the atmosphere was cool and it was in my hotel which is why it gets 3 stars. I might come here again....if I come back to Vegas and stay at the Cosmo I probably will (just out of convenience sake) but I def wouldnt seek this place out.
Overall, a solid choice. It is definitely a busy, hip restaurant, and exactly what you'd expect from the Cosmo. Loud music, cute staff, fun artwork, big, diverse menu, but slightly overpriced.. . We came for lunch on a Saturday. There was about a 25 min wait, but given that it is a popular place, we expected that. We each ended up getting cocktails (not the milkshakes). My friend loved her Bloody Mary, and I thought that the XXX was fine, nothing to rave over. Drinks ranged from $10-$13. . . We split the lobster mac & cheese (I believe it was $16). It was a pretty small portion, and I found it to be underseasoned. You could see the lobster in there, so that was a good thing. . . I had the Chicken Carbonnera sandwich, while she had the Gold Standard burger. We were both pleased. My chicken was juicy, I loved the bun and the egg on top, as well as the bacon.  We both liked the steak fries (you have a choice of shoestring or steak cut) as well. Portions were about average- not tiny, but you won't leave feeling like you're bursting out of your pants, either.. . Service was fine, nothing to complain about, but nothing to rave about either.. . Prices..well, for what you get, they may be a bit overpriced, but knowing that it is on the Strip, in the Cosmo...
Cure that hangover.. . The burgers are perfectly sized, if you share them.  They have a decent numbers of brews and the "adult" shakes sound pretty tasty.  For some reason, the place is always busy.
I came here with some friends, the menu and Yelp reviews looked promising. 4-Square has a pretty nice free draft beer check-in. They served a really light beer, I really enjoyed it, it was refreshing, luckily I had this to wash down my burger.. . I ordered the Gold Standard. I like how the burger was well-intact when I cut it and half and ate it. Cleaniness makes a world of difference. I ordered the burger medium, and it looked pink and medium (while my friend also ordered medium, but her's looked more well done), but it was extremely dry. It was too dry to taste the quality of the patty. Perhaps, it was because the patty was aged, so the flavors were more definitive, but I wonder that's why it made the patty way too dry. Don't get me wrong, the flavors of the burger were bold and tasted pretty good. It came well together, and the goat cheese cheddar stood out in a good way. Pretty delicious burger, except for the fact the patty was really dry and it's overpriced.. . The fries were cold and also tasted old.. . I did however try my friend's Rising Sun burger, that tasted good. The flavors were once again bold, and it had a pretty unique taste that stands out. I liked that one more.. . Comparing this burger with like a Father's Office or Umami (I do not like Umami), it tastes about the same (although I like Father's Office the best), quality and unique taste-wise, they're all about equilavent, except those other burgers costs $13-14, while here it costs $17. Not sure if it's worth it. At least it made me not feel as bad paying $13-14 for the burgers at the other places now.. . . Overall, I'd give this place 3.5 stars, rounded down.
The place was chill and clean, the service was excellent, but the taste of food wasn't as expected.  I had the Gold Standard and told them to add avocado slices in it, but it was just an average burger.  The patty tasted dry, even though I got medium-rare, and it wasn't making me come back for more (taste wise).  The onion rings were excellent, and so were the hostesses and other workers.
8.5 draft beer, Cuban street tacos, nom nom burger (Kobe beef) ,   Shoestring fries, billionaire burger ( Kobe beef& foie gras).. . What a busy place..... We went here for mid day snack before dinner at 8.   My husband loved his burger The Billionaire burger consists of Foie Gras.  He's been craving for it.  He mentioned on the drive to vegas, he has to find a restaurant that serves Foie Gras.  . . Everyones burger is outstanding, I couldn't finished a burger so I decided to order the Cuban Street Tacos, big mistake!! it was so oily - gross, greasy -gross, the shredded chicken was so dry - gross!  I excused myself and went back to the Pai Gow table.. . The Restroom was so so filthy, no toilet papers, and paper towels were thrown everywhere.  I went out and let one of the staff know.  And she got right to it.  Thanks!!!
I enjoyed this place, it was a little overpriced at $16 for the Longhorn Burger. Burger, Beef Brisket, Whiskey BBQ Sauce, Pickle) but it's Vegas strip prices. The brisket was an interesting addition to the burger and I'd recommend this. I had it with the steak fries and enjoyed the crispy and seasoned fries. . . They serve you an interesting vinegar and butter popcorn while you wait for your food. One thing I'd recommend they do is allow you to create your own burger using more of their toppings from various "unique" burgers. . . I'd come back again and would also try one of their shakes next time.
Table for 9, but we got squeezed into a tight booth. We had some big guys with us. They wouldn't put any tables together to make us more comfortable. They said we had to sit separtely. For reals? Whatever. . The food was only ok. Nothing was special at all. I got the BILLIONAIRE BURGER with Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, Truffle Mayo-the foie gras was so tiny. My burger was cooked perfectly. . . Everyone else tried a lot of different things and said it was only ok. Nothing amazing. I like that the fries I got were skinny fries, but should be more crispy.
Again, what's the hype about here?? I was super excited to try this place as it seemed like a great concept.. . Unfortunately, the food was simply just average. The turkey burgers were dry, the fries had little flavor, and the onion rings were over-breaded.. . The salads were pretty good though. It is definitely on the pricey side!. . Don't make a special trip.
Holsteins is a good option if you're in/near the Cosmopolitan and looking for a more casual place to sit down and eat.  They have a pretty large menu with a number of different burgers, sandwiches, alcoholic milkshakes, and other fun versions of bar food.  . . The food here was expensive for what it was (not a surprise, it's Vegas) and it was good, but I have definitely had a better burger.  I tried the new England Turkey Burger and the toppings were great (frisee, cranberry mayo, and stuffing), but the burger itself was weird... almost more like sausage than ground turkey?. . The sweet potato fries were really good and I loved the truffle popcorn that they leave on the tables to snack on before your meal.. . Don't come here if you're in a hurry to catch a show-- the service is sloooow even when the place isn't that busy.
Despite the choice location and the cool decor, as well as the numerous glowing reviews, I have to say that I was disappointed in my trip to Holstein's. The service was standoffish, and though we ordered the things that were recommended in other reviews, I think we all walked away feeling like we were missing something. . . Actually, to be honest, my choice, the Rising Sun burger, was probably at about a four star. It was an interesting combo of avocado, crispy yam strips, furikake, and teriyaki sauce, However, the selections that my dining partners got hovered at about two stars... or maybe even lower. One of my friends got the lobster roll and proclaimed it the worst she'd ever had. . . Those who got the steak fries seemed to enjoy them, but I got the shoestring fries and found them to be cold and a bit stale tasting. Apparently the shakes were mighty tasty as well, though I wasn't feeling something heavy and dairy-laden that day so I passed.. . It's too bad because all I wanted after a long night out was a fulfilling, tasty burger and other comfort food selections. I wouldn't completely rule out giving this place another try because I feel like we may have just gone on an off day, but honestly there are so many choices in Vegas it's hard to overlook a bad experience.
First off, the burger was 5 stars.  Dry aged sirloin was well worth the price.  Top 5 burgers I've ever had.  . . The rest of the experience was only 3 stars.  Service was meh.   We had to ask the waiter for refills, to clear plates, etc.  He was aloof.  Refilled glass with warm iced tea or water.  No ice.  Fries and onion rings were from frozen.  Don't pay the extra.  Got the lobster truffle Mac and cheese for our appetizer.  It was just okay.  Nothing special.  . . Would come back here again for the burger and skip the extras.  It was amazing.
I have mixed feelings about Holsteins! I want to love it so badly but I just can't! It's like the friend-zoned "I love you but I'm not IN love with you" type of feeling. . . The vibe and decor of the restaurant is cute and energetic and the servers are wonderful and attentive. The menu is also creative and has so many unique options for burger toppings such as cole slaw, tempura avocado, and fried egg. But when it comes down to it the food is just meh. Without even including the fact that the prices are a bit steep for burgers that are on the small side. On more than one occasion the shoestring fries came out overcooked and the meat undercooked (though I did ask for medium rare..). The unique ingredients and flavors also don't meld as much as I'd like them to. . . I do however recommend the Fun-ghi burger which is underrepresented on this Yelp page (beef patty, grilled portobello, truffle oil, frisee) as well as the steak fries which are seasoned and plump. The Gold Standard has VERY strong flavors which didn't tingle my taste buds as much as I hoped it would. I found myself wanting to slather it in some other type of sauce which is never a good sign. Shakes are basic but love the alcoholic options. Also if you want to swap out fries for a side salad it's a $2 charge which is ridiculous because who actually WANTS salad over fries, usually it's an attempt to calm a guilty conscience. Overall, not everything here is delicious but there ARE some great menu items which are worth coming back for :)
We had lunch here yesterday. My guest had the Golden Standard book for $17.50. Nice bun and had a large meat patty. It had tomato confee and blue cheese. He said it was ok but not for the price. I had a classic burger for $14.00. It was a good basic burger but I could have gotten one for 1/2 the price anywhere. We had milkshakes and the were terrible. Very runny. I like a thick shake. Very little chocolate sauce. $8.00 each. I'm glad I went but wont go again. To many other places to get a good burger.
So I have been here a couple of times. The first time I thought the service and the food wa sgreat, but on subsequent visits the food didn't do anything for me. Both times I tried the classic burger though; since it really doesn't come with many toppings, you have to serve excellent beef and I didn't think it was fantastic. I am not a fan of shakes, boozy or otherwise, but you can tell that it is not from a miz and they make them on the spot. . . The vibe is fun, trendy and youthful, many people have dinner here before heading over to Marquee.
I checked out Holsteins with some work peeps and was impressed. I try to keep the toppings to a minimum on my burgers so I went with classic. It was perfectly cooked and the beef tasted like beef, sounds stupid but its not that common. I mean when you order a burger it should taste like beef not .85 cent teriyaki sauce or sweet baby rays BBQ sauce but I digress. The bun was delicious and the fries were excellent, I went with the steak cut. The decor in the restaurant was very hip, kinda Japanese anime-esque. The service was very good and friendly.
I came here on a Saturday morning. The service was excellent. I sat at the bar by myself, and the brunette-long-hair bartender seemed to know how tough it is for a girl to sit by herself. So she was extremely sweet and helpful to me. She was chilled, but you know that she is very serious about customer service. Yes, in addition, anybody who calls me sweetie is automatically considered to give good service in my book!.         However, the food and the drinks were not on par with the good service. I ordered two cocktails: upside down pineapple birthday cake and tropical splash. The drinks were beautiful but weak. I know that it was in the morning and kind of early to get buzzed, but I am in Vegas so what? .          For food, I ordered the billionaire burger. I really LOVE...the name of this burger. Yes, paying $28.00 to supposedly eat like a billionaire. Why not? Another reason is that it kind of feeds my delusion of wealth. I love every single ingredient listed for the burger: Kobe beef, foie gras, truffle mayo, caramelized onion, but I do not love the burger together. It felt as it needs some kind of sauce to bring it together, just a suggestion. .          Overall, I would come back here for the atmosphere and the service. But the drinks and the burger were absolutely not the best.
Not bad - burger was not cooked right the last 3 times I have gone (overcooking burgers sucks, you want medium rare, you should get medium rare. Alas, excellent milkshakes. Service was a bit mediocre I Gordon Ramsey's BurGr MUCH better - but the milkshakes at Holsteins kick everyone's ass.
Good burgers, nice atmosphere, good beers, and okay service
The thing that initially drew me to Holsteins was that I needed a place for dinner at the Cosmopolitan that was more budget friendly than China Poblano and Jaleo. When the bill arrived I'm not so sure we saved much, but at least our belly's were full. . . No particular dish my group ordered stood out as amazing 'must try.' I had the Steakhouse burger. It was good but a little too greasy for my liking. My friend ordered the Urth Burger. I had a few bites and found it quite bland. I was also disappointed that my sweet potato fries were lukewarm. The item I was most impressed with we're the onion rings. The onion was cut thick and generously battered. . . Logistically, I liked that they took my cell phone number and called me when our table was ready, so my group was able to have a drink in the Chandelier bar while we waited. Overall not a bad choice for dinner but also nothing to brag about.
Had a burger for lunch here. Cool place with lots of craft beers. We had the machete burger which was decent. The servers were really helpful and nice but the guy bar-tending was a jerk. We sat in the bar area/lounge and were told to order from the bar. When I tried to order he ignored us. Then I asked if we order from him and he said yes but to wait. So we waited about 5 min and then he tells us were gonna have to order from a server so we should talk to one of them. Say what??  Luckily, the server was really helpful and took care of us. A few minutes later I heard the guy barking at one of the servers - grumpo!!  Cool place but I had a burger at BurGR that was better. I'd go back for another try and maybe a shake. The shake options looked tasty.
High priced fancy hamburgers and shakes. Tasty, but not really how I want to spend $20-30 for dinner.
Sometimes being a foodie makes you do crazy things.. such as driving ~600 miles from the culinary black hole that is the Inland Empire just to grab a meal and go back home. . . Needless to say, having traveled purely for the purpose of eating, expectations were high for the 'Rising Sun' burger + those enticing shakes (drunken monkey).  I could see why so many praise the food but I've had much, much better elsewhere. . . Being raised in SoCal, i LOVE me some avocado.. but is it necessary to fry it?! AS IF YOUR ARTERIES ARENT CRYING ALREADY. If at any point in my life I felt like I would overdose off of sodium/ glucose content, it was during this sitting from that teriyaki glaze. The (virgin) Drunken Monkey was delicious, though. . . Had I opted for the alcoholic version of the shake, maybe I would've been happy enough to push it to a 4!
Pretty good. I've been here twice. The second time, it was the last meal of our trip and I needed to start my detox. Ordered a salad with the ahi tuna. Uhh, i got like 2 pieces of tuna on my salad. No, like two bites. Although, the shakes were really tasty. I liked the oreo one (non-alcoholic one).
We travelled all of the way to Vegas, to see one of the most famous Canadians in concert, that being Celine Dion.  A burger destination is a perfect post concert treat.  That being said, there is a plethora of burger joints in town.  After sifting through many Yelp pages, Holsteins looked legit.  Like many places in this town they are open late.  We made a reservation which was handy, because this place was packed.  After being seated, we looked at the extensive drink list.  They had an impressive mix of beer, wine, and cocktails.  I had looked at the menu ahead of time, which is helpful, because the shear size of this menu was slightly intimidating.  I went with the the steakhouse burger, which was a Beef Patty Crusted With Black Pepper, Holsteins Creamy Steak Sauce, Marmalade Onions, Tomato Confit, Wild Mushrooms, Swiss Cheese, for $17.50.  The burger arrived, and biting into it, it was cooked medium rare, and just beyond juicy.  As wonderful and flavourful the patty was, i felt that the toppings got muddled together.  I wish that they omitted one or two components, that way the selected ingredients could be shown off, instead of hidden in the background.  All of the burgers come with shoestring or steakhouse fries.  I respect the extra effort they put out, by not just offering pedestrian fries.  We sampled both, and they were crispy, and perfectly salted.  .  Overall, the atmosphere was young and fun, and the burger was great, however by choosing to eat on the strip, you are paying way more than at a similar restaurant off the strip.
Holsteins round two!. . First round didn't go well at all....long wait for the table (1hr), long wait for the food (45min), long wait for the dessert (20min)....food was overcooked and not amazing. Crazy loud club like atmosphere. Was it a fluke? Everyone else seems to love this place!. . So round two...Came in on a Tuesday night with a reservation...not needed. Sat down and ordered fairly quickly. Never received the comp popcorn. Got the food, perfectly cooked, but never checked on. Had to request for refills twice. I was given the bill WITHOUT being asked if we wanted dessert (we did)....not even sure if I got a thank you.  . . I asked the server for a milkshake recommendation, (they make all shakes virgin if requested), and was told about the twinkie cake. I presumed it was a twinkie shake, so when it came out, I sent it back and ordered something else...with her giving me attitude and wondering why there was a problem.  If I was rating off service alone, this time would have been a solid 1 star.. . The Billionaire Burger : Kobe Beef, Foie Gras, Port Onion Marmalade, Frisee, and Truffle Mayo :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=iOZrBKX9_IEsZ1XM96Is-Q#iOZrBKX9_IEsZ1XM96Is-Q. . This was a great hamburger, with a nice and thick slice of foie gras! The onions added a nice consistency and taste, but I didn't really notice the truffle mayo. The burgers here were coming apart as well, and it didn't pack the punch I've had elsewhere in town, but good overall! I'd say it might be a #5-6 on my scale!  4 stars!. . Finished with a shake...Drunken Monkey (Virgin) : Reese's, Banana, Malt and (Frangelico) :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=iOZrBKX9_IEsZ1XM96Is-Q#l-ZlqgtrX8S_Fv23awrmZw. . Super good! Way better than the Oreo shake we had last time!  They also served us the extras with a little cup, so Little Foodie Dude could share with me!  Very thoughtful of them...Solid 4 stars! . . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=iOZrBKX9_IEsZ1XM96Is-Q#iQ1ktxKe_pjjehy9ENGqrQ. . There ARE better burgers in town! But you can still have a great time at Holsteins...just hope you get a better server than I did!
4 STARS for food, convenience and quick service!. 2 STARS for price and value.. . Holstein's is a convenient after Marquee Pool Party stop, definitely shareable burgers or big enough to fill a single person up. The burgers were juicy, and they offer a diverse array of cocktails, beers, and milkshakes! I liked that you could grab a seat without waiting in any lines, and that the service was polite and quick.. . * Hen House ($15) - 4.5 STARS: Beef With Fried Egg, Bacon, Lettuce, Tomato And Onion With Mustard & Ketchup. This was probably my favorite burger, even though it is so simple. Ordered medium rare, ofcourse.. . * The Longhorn ($17) - 3.5 STARS: Beef Patty Topped With Texas Smoked Beef Brisket, Whiskey BBQ Sauce, Creamy Cole Slaw & Dill Pickle. I thought for sure this would take the cake, but there was alot going on. Sometimes simple is the best way to go.. . * Truffle Lobster Mac n Cheese ($16.5) - 4 STARS: Creamy Tallegio-Mascarpone Sauce With Maine Lobster And Black Truffle. This was uber cheesy and truffly. Kind of expensive for the size but a nice small plate to share.
I ate here with my boss and the food was good.  Its just a burger bar that offers expensive milkshakes.  The miklkshakes brought me to the yard but the price sent me home.  . . Over priced hamburgers and shakes.
I had high hopes for this place. I will for sure try again as I only one burger and a few tastes of  others. Not a fan of the bun on the burger. Too much bread! Our waiter and company was amazing so that made it a great experience =)
Tasty, overpriced, terrible service. Welcome to Las Vegas!. . This place typifies the Las Vegas burger, minus the In-and-Out down the street (which we traveled to twice, didn't come back to Holsteins).. . I get it, arugula is fancy, it's not worth a $15 burger though. Service was terrible, waited about 20 minutes for a table, being the first party on a non-existent, no-names last. Then, hostess: "oh, someone just took that table that opened up. Sorry!" ... wait, what exactly is your job here? Anyhow... sat at the bar due to hungry, takes forever to get anything ordered, and bartender literally stops attending to respond to someone else's commentary on something or other. Worthless service.. . I dunno. I mean. Burgers people. Not $20, not $30. You'll probably spend like $50 for 2 burgers and a beer. I can't do it. I'm in the wrong city. But, In-and-Out is down the street! Under $10 for two to eat, and way better service than Holsteins. Fail.. . Good food though.. . Thanks for listening!
The food here  is pretty good. I feel that the burgers a dollar or two above their worth, but hey you're on the Vegas strip and that's what you pay if you want something besides Mc Ds. . . they have spike Milk shakes so if you're an alcoholic or like alcohol then you may like this place. I want to thank the bartender for asking me if I wanted it with alcohol or not.. . I ordered the Billionaire buger. It's a burger named after one of the owners (i'm assuming bill). it's priced accurately for a burger with foie gras and it comes with fries. . . I can't accurately rate the burger because I ate it at the hotel and didn't have a chance to taste it as soon as it was made ( I wanted to share with my friends). Over all I like the burger, but I think I kinda over paid.  The burger was good, but it wasn't roll back your eye OMFG WTF BBQ good.
We stopped by Holsteins for dinner hoping that it would be a more casual and faster dining experience than some of the other options in the area. Maybe I haven't looked hard enough, but there are very few fast casual dining options near the City Center that don't involve sandwiches or hot dogs. . . Anyway, it was a Tuesday night. Even though place was pretty dead, service was spotty. Our server wasn't super friendly, but she got the job done. Our food came out pretty quickly. . . I ordered the Urth Burger, which is their vegan burger. It was fine. The patty was thick and moist. My only complaint is that the burger itself was a bit dry. It was supposed to come with avocado, but there was only a light green schmear on one of the buns. . . The boy ordered the traditional burger. He seemed to love it. He pretty much devoured the whole thing. . . Both the orders came with fries. He got the natural cut fries and I ordered the sweet potato fries. When the fries first came out, there were cold and soggy. We sent them back to the kitchen and got a new batch. . . His natural cut fries were way better than the sweet potato fries. My sweet potato fries were cut too thin, so most of the fries were overcooked and burnt. . . Prices are typical of places in Vegas. For our two burgers and a shake, we spent nearly $40, not including tip. . . If this place were back in Austin, I'd probably never go again, but since it's Vegas, I guess it gets a pass.
I have passed this place so many times and had read all the great reviews and was super excited when I finally made it on my last Vegas trip!!! However, I was kind of disappointed. My friend who doesn't write reviews however is a hugeeeee foodie was disappointed too.. . We tried the Billionaire burger, Gold Standard, Truffle lobster Mac n Cheese, onion rings and the complimentary seasoned popcorn. At the end of the meal the only items we enjoyed most was the onion rings, fries and the popcorn. The seasoning on the popcorn is really good. We wanted to asked for more. Hehe. The burgers aren't worth the price and I've had better in LA (i.e. Fathers Office). . . Sorry Holsteins, you were worth a try.
My primary goal in going to this restaurant was to have a place to take my four kids that they would enjoy and that also served great food. . . My kids were happy but at the end I was wanting more.  When you are first seated you are given a bucket of popcorn.  The seasoning on it was amazing, full of flavor.  The corn they delivered us that night was a little on the burnt side.  . . The meal arrived and while the burger was good, the fries were just ordinary.  I know you can upgrade your fries, I would suggest this if you go.  I ordered the Gold Standard, no complaints, but I have had better.    My kids ordered the chicken fingers and mini burgers off of the kids menu.  They were all overcooked, chicken fingers were burnt on the ends, hard and dark brown.  Mimi burger was too over done for my 6 year old.  . . The most amazing part of the meal was the shake which is the only reason this restaurant got three stars instead of two.  We ordered the S'mores shake without alcohol.  The marshmallow on top of the shake was worth the trip alone.  The whipped cream on the shake was equally amazing. . . If you were anywhere except Las Vegas this would be way too expensive a meal for a hamburger and shake.  However, the high cost is just paying the rent at the trendy Cosmopolitan Hotel.. . I would most definitely go back for a shake, but would pass on the rest of the meal.
Hostess: friendly and prompt, she tookdown my info and told me they would text when a table was ready. That's an awesome feature. Who wants to stand in front of Holsteins for 30 min when you can grab a drink and sit in the sports book?! I received the text, although we snagged a spot at the bar before it came. . . Food:. Truffle lobster mac n cheese ($16.50 - creamy tallegio-marscapone sauce w/ Maine lobster and black truffle) was a fail. Two bartenders told us is was their fave dish on the menu. Unfortunately, the joy only lasted for two bites. It tasted like a good mac n cheese that got drowned in truffle oil before it was sent out. That first bite is so rich and then you get that thick oil aftertaste. Boo. We left half of it there and I refuse to have anything with truffle oil for the next month {---- not true. . Nom Nom Burger ($16.50 - Kobe beef, cheddar cheese, potato chips, 1000 island) is a hard item to review. On one hand, the beef was realllllly good. Flavorful, moist, cooked to a perfect medium. On the other hand, the toppings added 0. My theory is they need to triple what they put on top the burger. When you serve a thick burger you need equally thick toppings, otherwise you get one bite toppings and then three bites beef....repeat. Conceptually awesome, it failed to execute.. . Drinks:. Ginger Julie ($13 - muddled mint & lemon, canadian whiskey, ginger ale) had no bite..  . Rhubarb Pie Bam-Boozled Shake ($11 - Absolut hibiscus, rhubarb compote, cornmeal crumble) was delicious...but again, lacked any bite. Should you be getting drunk off of milkshakes? Probably not, but it's a hella good way to go out, no?!. . Would I come back here? Yep. Would I order differently? Yep. Will I finally end this review? Sure.
alcoholic shakes! yes sign me up. A bunch of my friends tried different ones and they were all happy with their food. I had a beer, but the burger was good. I was stuffed and satisfied. The burger was good, but didn't have the WOW factor most ppl look forward to in a vegas restaurant. For the best burger... you might need to step off the strip.
Average. Burger was fine, but not exceptional. Moderate selection, but nothing inventive... They just throw a couple "Kobe"s, "sirloin"s, and "fried egg"s in to try to make it sound fancy, but at the end of the day it's still just a standard good burger. Fries were sub par. Service wasn't bad but it could have been better.
I really had high hopes for this place, as its highly rated here as well as some magazines and Internet articles. We had a very short wait to get in, which was fine....but when we did get in there we tons of tables open so that was a bit weird. Didn't really bother me though. . . We ordered the fried pickles to start and I then got the Fun-ghi. This is a burger I would typically get. My husband guessed that's what I'd order. It just missed the mark for me. It was a little too well done and lacked flavor. . My husband got the El Machete and really liked it. . . I had checked in on four square which gave me a free beer, so I ordered that with my waiter. He ended up forgetting about it, which I really didn't care about it and wasn't going to say anything. When he came back to ask if we wanted dessert he realized he had forgotten it. I said it was fine and didnt need it but he went and got it for me in a to go cup which was really nice of him. . . I wrote another review for Burgr that we went to the next night. I preferred Burgr over Holsteins, but I might give them another chance if I'm out here again. . . Service was very nice and friendly.
I went off the burger path, so maybe that was my downfall - I got lobster truffle mac & cheese. It wasn't anything special, and given the price of the dish (an appetizer), I expected more. The lobster was tough, the sauce was fine, but not special. The blobs of truffle didn't add anything.. . I also ordered french fries, which were soggy and lukewarm. Bummer.. . I might go back just to try a burger, but there are a lot of other restaurants in Vegas I'd rather try first.
This restaurant, located in the Cosmopolitan, is just ok. Our waiter seemed a little inexperienced and not familiar with the menu. My mom has several food allergies to gluten and dairy and asked several questions about items on the menu and the waiter had to keep going in the back to ask the chef. I am, in a way, glad he asked the chef rather than giving out wrong information....but you should be familiar with your menu if you're going to work at a restaurant in a high-end hotel. . . I had the Farm House salad which was pretty good. It had mixed greens, kale, asparagus, green beans, edamame, cauliflower, and heirloom tomatoes. It is supposed to come in a honey yogurt dressing but I got the balsamic dressing instead. I also added avocado to this and scratched the tomatoes. It was pretty tasty, all of the flavors seemed to work together. I just wasn't "wowed" by this salad. . . We also ordered some french fries for the table which were soggy and undercooked. I like french fries to be crispy and crunchy. These were soggy and lifeless. The ketchup they serve is really good though and it seems like they make it in house. . . They also have various alcoholic milkshake type beverages on their menu, which sounded amazing. One of them was a red velvet cake drink with red velvet cake vodka. There was also an almond joy and Oreo drink. Maybe I'll try one next time I'm in Vegas.
This is a pretty good burger place, butit's far from the best.. . Their interesting combinations makes this place better, not the meat. I really enjoyed my Kobe burger with bacon what not, aka the Gold Standard. The bun was nice. But the meat was slightly above average. Not great, but pretty good.. . The onion rings were decent too. Nothing special, but good.
Ehhhhhh....that's how this gets summed up. Nothing special and when you mix it with a waiter who seems unengaged - the whole experience goes downhill. . . There was a group of us - as usual we all order something different and then share or share our experience. The entire table was underwhelmed. The red velvet bamboozled shake was the highlight! Of course it's something they're known for so we had to try..and it didn't dissapoint.  . . We had a teriyaki burger, mushroom burger, classic burger, salad, pork sliders - a variety of options. Nothing overwhelming. The fries- squished into a silver bucket that just became soggy - pull one out and they com out in a group they were so tightly packed. Had to upgrade to the onion rings and, well 5 showed up in another silver bucket...over cooked and tasteless.We all shared a salad which was great, but not what you come here for. . . Definitely not a "gotta try it" recommendation from me.
This would be a four-star joint . . . if it wasn't a burger joint. Why? Because it's a field crowded with gems. Browse my reviews: Bowery, Stout, Umami. I can't justify giving Holstein's a 4 when those places got 4s and 5s. That being said, there's a lot of good stuff at Holstein's and I'd proudly give it a 3.5 if that were possible. . . Let's start with their best: the boozy milkshakes (also available in non-boozy versions). I ordered the Fat Boy. It was awesome. Everything you want in a milkshake: candy, delicious vanilla milkshake PLUS booze! . . The service: pretty good. They were very attentive and helpful with the baby . . . even when he spilled all the milk they very nicely brought for him. They were great to the adults too. . . As for the food, as I said, the burgers were a 3.5. The fries were good, not great. I ordered the Gold Standard. I expected better. Not that it was bad, I was just expecting to be blown away and I wasn't. It is a hefty burger . . . split-able if you don't want to stuff yourself, especially if you get a milkshake. I can put it away . . . and I needed to ask for a box for some of it. . . So I apologize if my review seems lackluster. It's definitely good, but you can probably find a better burger within a block if you look.
four stars, waitress was absent during most of our meal.. . We were beginning to regret choosing the lounge area (the restaurant has a linear divide between dining-style seating and lounge seating..we chose lounge and boy did we wait a long time to take our orders) . . Even with our hands up. . then three stars:. . Worst part about it was that they overcharged us and we found out the next day. $30. That's ridiculous. . . . don't get me wrong, the burgers were bomb though.
Trendy, overrated.. . I had the Gold Standard with sweet potato fries. I had a Sam Adams Octoberfest and Franziskaner Hefe Weisse.. . Burger was definitely good, but not a whole lot better than a burger you get from any ol' pub. It really wasn't that special.  Sweet potato fries also good, but again nothing special. . . Tourists and people who don't know any better will rate this place highly.. . Very good, but far from "must try."  If you want an overpriced burger, it's not bad.
For aburger, it's pretty expensive, but that should be expected when in Las Vegas. It was a reaaaally good burger, which made the pain of spending $18+ on it hurt just a little less. . . Service was average. Ordered a caesar salad to share that was painfully below average...stick to the burgers and fries. Or just fill up on the dangerously good popcorn (crackcorn!) they serve pre-meal. . . My biggest regret was not getting a shake. Next time.
Overall the restaurant is very nice and lively. The service is great, and the decor is everything moo. We went on a thursday afternoon and there was no line. The burgers were flavorful, although the patties were a little more cooked than we asked for--so if you want medium, then ask for medium rare. Also, the fries were a little soggy, so I would definitely recommend the onion rings.
After the majority of the day spent at Daylight, we were several hangry (hungry+angry) girls fighting off alcohol and sun lucky enough to beat the rush for some much anticipated burgers!  . . We were seated with orders taken in just 15 minutes. Now here is where the slow horrendous service starts, thanks alot Cyrus! Tic toc... Tic toc... 35 minutes pass by! Oh my, it has just dawned on him that he's forgotten to put in our order. Another 20 minutes has elapsed until we finally receive our order. No apologies for the hour long wait during this not so busy time of the day, he must gave given up on that party of 5 tip. Another 10 minutes for condiments and by this time we have all inhaled our food. Now comes time for the check, so not exaggerating the 15 minutes it took him to itemize the bill and return with receipts! During this time, he practically avoided eye contact while doing laps around our table. WTH?!. . Cyrus needs to take a course or two in proper serving etiquette. There was absolutely no communication or courtesy on his part, which could have saved for the negative experience. Fortunately for Holstein's, the food is on point and the decor is just too cute saving them an a-OK review!
I was staying at the Cosmopolitan and didn't feel like leaving the hotel that day, so I decided to try Holsteins.. . First let me tell you not to try their house lager.  It's pretty depressing and they should be ashamed to attach their name to something that tastes so weak.. . I ordered the rising sun burger which is "Kobe beef", teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo & tempura avocado.  I put "Kobe Beef" in quotes because in reality, you can't get REAL Kobe beef anywhere outside of Japan, so great job on the FALSE ADVERTISING, guys!. . The burger itself was average.  The sweet potato fries that I got with it were excellent however.. . Considering how relatively expensive my meal was for a burger, fries and a beer, I don't think I'd ever come back to this establishment because it just didn't impress me all that much.  Nothing wrong with it, but just not worth it.. . Oh and it would be a disservice to the establishment if I didn't mention this...  while I was sitting at the bar waiting for my food, this lady kept walking by in EXTREMELY short shorts (so short that her butt cheeks were literally hanging out).  I didn't have a problem with this at all, especially considering that this was Vegas, and the girl had a great hind quarters, but I didn't realize that she was a waitress at Holsteins until I was walking out of the place.
Was in the mood for a milkshake. The black and white was.... Ok. It wasn't bad, but there wasn't really anything special about it. The service was fast and the decor is nice, I hope the burgers are better.
Burger #267: Roll of the Dice. . I can't believe it's been over four months since my last burger review, sorry for slacking but this pace won't pick up soon. Anyhoot, Vegas, burgers, cheat weekend, let's go. . . Holsteins was my pick for the start of my carb filled weekend, and what better way to indulge in all things anti-paleo than lobster mac and cheese;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=F37UvLqIeBiOtJSEMKJUIg#F37UvLqIeBiOtJSEMKJUIg. . Flavor was spot on, noodles were cooked to a nice al dente, there was a nice crispy layer on top, and loads of lobster. But of course there was a "but," a very big butt; the sauce was like water. No creamy gooey goodness to be found here, just a soupy base to the above perfection. So close this was to being a perfect mac, but someone forgot to reduce the sauce or add some flour? . . To wash all that down, what could be better than a nice refreshing milk shake, the fat boy;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=qJ267GYmENq1w8KYgX5k_g#qJ267GYmENq1w8KYgX5k_g. . Named after my favorite Harley style, this obese child contained no less than the following; Stoli Salted Karamel Veodka, Reese's, pretzels, sprinkles, and chocolate-caramel popcorn. All I tasted was ice cream and a hint of caramel, it was damn tasty though.. . And lastly was my first bite of bread in a month, the gold standard burger; dry aged beef sirloin with smoked bacon, aged goat cheddar cheese, tomato confit, baby arugula & garlic-chive aioli, to which I felt it imperative to add a fried egg;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=a3D9HOKAJZYVj6cR8H3Ung#a3D9HOKAJZYVj6cR8H3Ung. . Overall, meh+. The sum of the parts was better than okay, not quite great, but somewhere around good. Once I began my dissection, I found the beef patty itself to be under-seasoned and without a nice crust. The bun could have used a few minutes on the grill to get a nice crust as well to protect itself from the toppings. Flavor-wise the meat was beefy, but it completely depended on the bacon for salt. I am happy to report that it was cooked to my order of med-rare;. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/holsteins-shakes-and-buns-las-vegas?select=A7ieEZkpm3TjPlM9wgsUBQ#A7ieEZkpm3TjPlM9wgsUBQ. . Being my first proper burger in months, I was a little let down that it wasn't mind-blowing, but overall everything was a-okay.
I took my dessert group here for National Milkshake Day. It was easy to make a reservation and the staff was very helpful with that.. . The milkshakes themselves were fantastic. I, personally, had the Almond Joy (with coconut rum)...SO SO GOOD!! Food was good, but nothing to rush out and try.. . My only, and biggest, complaint was the volume. It was busy, but we literally had to yell to the person next to us just to have a regular conversation. This is one of my big pet peeves in a restaurant, and it would make me not want to return. I know it isn't the restaurants fault, really, but it makes me crazy.. . I would say check them out if you happen to be in the Cosmopolitan (or if it is National Milkshake Day).
I loved the design of the restaurant. It's located in the classy Cosmopolitan with funky artwork and decor. They are known for burgers and shakes and I was feeling brave so I went with a burger, well a slider meal with fries. I ate every last bite. The bun was buttery and tasty, but a bit too toasted for my taste. Next time I may upgrade from sliders to one whole burger. It was good for the moment, but I was hungry not too much later. I wish I could have said it was as good as their interior design, but honestly what in Las Vegas, is actually worth what you pay for? Yep.
After reading a bunch of reviews and having Holstein's bookmarked for a long time, we finally decided to hit it for lunch. I like the decor with the weird art and they also have a bunch of growlers on display which they sale too. It's a lot smaller inside then I thought and for some reason, I thought the seats were super uncomfortable. . . Anyway, I went with the Rising Sun and my wife went with an Urth burger substituted with beef instead of a veggie patty. That's one cool thing...they will let you do pretty much anything you want with the burgers, mix & match or whatever. The burger itself is juicy but pretty plain in flavor. Both burgers had a good amount of toppings but since the meat is so plain, it's all you can taste. My burger did have a tempura avocado on it though and that on it's own was killer!. . For the price, I really expected more. They up-charge $2 to swap your fries for onion rings or sweet potato fries and neither of those were worth that. We also got a Drunken Monkey shake that seems to be really popular...it was ok but $11 is crazy especially since we ordered it "virgin". All in all, everything was just ok and the service wasn't terrible but I won't be rushing back anytime soon.
Was starving after a day of torturing our bodies with alcohol. Since we were staying at the Cosmo we decided to try this place. Was sat immediately. However, our server didn't come to talk to us for 10 minutes. And  even then the only reason she came over was because we got her attention while she was gossiping with coworkers near their computer. Food was decent.
Got to try the billionaire burger, gold standard and rising sun burgers. Out of the three, my fave was the rising sun and the least fave was the gold standard. The burgers all in all were good, not awesome enough that I'd want another one. And at the price point, I was expecting a little bit more. The billionaire burger wasn't worth it. To be honest, I have no plans going back. . Can't wait for shake shack to come to Vegas next year!
Burgers are ok. The billionaire burger was ok. It didn't taste like a billion. But there are a bunch if choices. Stick to the Kobe beef burgers.
Tolle Zusammenstellung von Burgern, schone Karte, nette Location. Service war ganz ok, aber es war auch mittags und viel los. Mein Fleisch war fast Well-Done und nicht Medium rare wie bestellt. Dennoch sehr schmackhaft. Trotzdem wurde ich fur einen Burger wahrscheinlich woanders hingehen. Ich wei zwar nicht wo, da ich sonst keinen Burger in Vegas hatte, aber es gibt bestimmt Alternativen...
Leckere Burger in netter Atmosphare. Guter Durchschnitt, aber nicht mehr. Insofern eher fur Mittags oder wenn man was gutes Essen mochte geeignet, aber kein Gourmeterlebnis braucht!
Came here on a whim because my friends wanted drinks and food. . We must of been really lucky because there was no wait and we were seated right away. . My girlfriend and I each ordered a lemon drop, my boyfriend ordered a light ale which he really enjoyed. We also got the Holstein burger and a side of onion rings. The burger was less than average (dry and flavorless)  but the onion rings stole the show. They were a little but salty but in our drunken state, they were perfect! . . Next time I'm at cosmopolitan, I would love to come back and try some of their shakes and gourmet burgers out.
Had the Kobe teriyaki... forgot the fancy name. . It was YUM but too sweet for me $17 and  came with fries.. . Lobster mac and cheese was YUM but toooo expensive for 6 bties! It was a super small dish... not worth it.
3.5 stars, not deserving of a full 4 stars. . . Solid, solid burger spot. First of all, the artwork. They have a pig for a mascot and the artwork depicts said pig experiencing various culinary delights. Very very good stuff. . . On to the food. We started the meal with Mexican Car Bombs. No, no, this isn't a play on the Irish bombs. No Dos Equis Patron shots. They are jalapenos stuffed with cheese, black beans and corn then wrapped in bacon!!! Holy bacon fat batman! Excellent creation and a must order. . . Burgers: . . Gold Standard was delicious. Bacon and aged goat cheddar with their udder sauce. The sauce is tangy and could use an addition of spice. . . The Classic was pretty good. Basic burger dressed with tomato, onion, lettuce and of course, we added some swine and queso. . . Shakes:. . I went for the peppermint choco shake, no alcoholic cause I don't drink anymore. It tastes a bit like a girl scout cookie that may have found it's way to your doorstep in months past. . Strawberry was solid, with some gummy candies added to the top .Whipped cream is fresh and made in house, excellent touch there. . . Overall this is a solid spot to get a burger. It's a bit pricey, so plan accordingly.
This is an OK place.  I probably would have rated it 4 stars based on my first visit but my second visit was disappointing so it evens out to 3 stars.   A word ofcaution, if you get a hamburger, (I got the Nom Nom burger) be careful as they are hot.  Hot enough to burn your mouth.  It's a good burger, the onion rings are really good but the shakes are just standard - at least my chocolate shake was.   That was my first visit and I would have said it was a 4 star experience.   The second time I got the Truffle Lobster Mac and Cheese (almost $17) and the Philly Egg Rolls ($13).  While the food was good, especially the egg rolls I felt taken.  The amount of food for almost $30 that you receive was PATHETIC.  I was completely blown away.  I wish I would have gone elsewhere and had it not been for my first experience here I would have rated this place a 1 star joint.  I would recommend this place if you don't order anything from the Nosh menu, unless of course you're just rolling it and don't care to be ripped off.
Burgers are alright.  Fries though were soggy and the service slow.  Wife spilled a bit of a drink and when we asked a waiter (who wasn't ours) for a cloth, she said ok and then avoided looking our direction.  Luckily our waiter came by with a towel.  He was very nice but service overall was slow as mentioned.
After looking at the great reviews Holsteins has, I definitely wanted to check it out to see what the hype was all about it. I was debating between checking out Holsteins and BurgR, but I decided to try Holsteins since the Cosmo is my FAVE hotel! Too bad Holsteins isn't as great as the rest of the hotel... . I ordered the Golden Standard and of course I had to add an egg. With all the unique ingredients, I thought this burger was going to be awesome; but surprisingly it lacked the flavor I was looking for. I honestly think they need to season their meat a little more because I ordered the meat medium rare and it was dry. The burger just didn't "wow" me. . . I also up charged for the onion rings, and those weren't impressive at all. They taste like regular onion rings that you would get at a typical burger place. I unfortunately didn't have room to order their famous alcoholic shakes. . . Although my meal wasn't stellar, I definitely enjoyed how friendly the bartenders were. They were full of personality, and kept their guests entertained. I would return to Holsteins for their ice cold beer and alcoholic shakes, but I definitely would skip on the food..
We ordered the lobster rolls and surf and turf quesadillas. . . Lobster rolls were $16.50 for 2 really small servings. It was not at all what I expected. Mostly bread. Totally not worth it for me. . . Surf and turf quesadillas weren't that great either ($16).  Bland in my opinion for 4 small pieces. . . This place is not worth it for those who are price sensitive.
There's so much good food to choose from in Vegas, and I still come to Holstein's almost every time I'm here. I wish I could give it 3.5 stars...the food is delicious, but the prices are a little ridiculous.. . Last time I was here, I stopped by for a "bam-boozled shake" to go (their selection of spiked milkshakes)...the cereal bowl ($11)--vanilla ice cream, Stoli Vanil, and Cap'n Crunch blended to perfection and topped with whipped cream and a cherry. So. Delicious. It took FOREVER to get it, and it didn't seem like they were particularly busy, so I'm not sure what was going on.. . My favorite burger is the Rising Sun ($17)--Kobe beef, teriyaki glaze, nori furikake, crispy yam, spicy mayo, tempura avocado--but they're all tasty.
I've been to Holstein's twice now and both times I had good, not great experiences. . . Pros: . - Creative, eye-catching decor. - Alcoholic milkshakes. - Interesting cocktail list. - Decent burgers. . Cons:. - Very expensive (for a burger and fries). - Service is amateur (turnin' and burnin'). - Server uniforms were so damn weird. We counted six different uniforms ranging from a dress shirt and tie to a girl wearing her underwear and a skin tight tank top...for such expensive food I thought the staff (and their uniforms) would be a little more cohesive. - Slow service/food takes a long time. . I think that two times was enough for us and we won't be back. Vegas is a Mecca of good food and service so unless something blows me away it's time to try something new.
Places that have awesome menus with food that doesn't live up to the menu creativity literally drive me CRAZY!  Holstein's was a nice find inside the Cosmo in Vegas and having to eat alone (on a work trip) it was nice to saddle up to the bar with some good football on TV.  . . As mentioned, the menu looks PHENOMENAL - items like:. -Drunken Money milk shake. -Truffle Mac. -and all kinds of amazing burgers with kobe beef, fois gras, Borracho Onions (?). . I ended up ordering the Rising Sun:. Kobe Beef, Teriyaki Glaze, Nori Furikake, Crispy Yam, Spicy Mayo & Tempura Avocado with a fried egg on top. . . Overall, it was good, but I was hoping for that 'What About Bob' moment of pure overwhelming enjoyment...that is how they sell themselves and it just doesn't pay off.. . That all being said, the ambiance is strong, the bar is great, and the food is not bad at all . . . but as three stars is "A-OK" on Yelp - that is how I rate it.
We were starving after our drive from CA, craving burgers and this came up as soon as we typed "burgers" into my Yelp app. Parking structure was crowded but after we found parking and its was really easy to hop on the elevator and take it up to the 2nd floor. The restaurant was right outside the elevator! No wait on a Saturday at 3pm, but still pretty crowded. Service was fast and friendly. They give you complimentary popcorn but it is stale :(. . We ordered the rising sun burger which was delicious! And a pretty good size to share :) The kobe beef was perfectly cooked to medium as we requested. Cannot go wrong with this. We upgraded to onion rings which was tasty and crispy, but came in a small serving (they serve it in like a mini bucket, see picture). . . We also ordered the lobster Mac and Cheese and buffalo chicken dip. These also were fairly small servings but with all three items, my fiance and I still had leftovers. Mac and cheese was delish, with a slight hint of truffle and chunks of lobster. Awesome. Buffalo chicken dip came recommended by the waitress but I would not order it. FIrst of all, the tortilla chips that came with it were stale! Just like the popcorn! I'd expect more from a restaurant in a nice hotel (especially for the prices). The dip itself was okay, had a nice kick to it from the tobasco and had chunks of cheese in it, but the texture with the stringy chicken was really weird. And it was on the salty side. I think I had expected something different, like actually buffalo chicken pieces WITH a dip, but even then, I was not excited by this dish. . . -2 stars for the prices, popcorn, and chicken dip but everything else was good!
Gold Standard and Rising Sun burgers were decent. Worst fries I have ever had. They were burnt, cold and the oil needed to be changed in the fryer. When I mentioned this to the server, she said they are always like that. She suggested we fill out a comment card. $43 for 2 burgers, bad fries, a diet Coke and an ice tea.
The food was pretty damn good, but the noise was too much. It's a restaurant, not a nightclub - however, there's a DJ inside blasting music at above reasonable levels. I asked for them to lower the volume, and they refused. In fact, when I asked, I was told "yeah, a lot of people ask us to, but we can't." He said they get a request to turn it down just about every day. I asked if anyone had ever said they liked it loud or commented that they appreciated the music, and he said "no." . . There's no dance floor. It's not set up for people to rock out or whatever. It's just a sit-down restaurant inside the mall area of the hotel/casino. Pretty fucking stupid to play music that loud when no one likes it.. . It's not like they are trying to entice people to come in either because the speakers all face inward. Once you step out into the walkway just outside the entrance, the music gets a lot quieter. It was just really absurd listening to "back dat ass up" while trying to enjoy a meal and a conversation with my girlfriend. It made it impossible. . . Noise aside, the food was pretty good. Some items were better than others. Burger was okay. Lobster Mac and Cheese was good. Cheesesteak rolls were okay. The milkshake was really good. I would give this place a 4 if it wasn't for the loudness inside. . . Another note is that the artwork on the walls was depressing. Sad cartoons that could have been drawn by peta in an attempt to turn people into vegetarians. Almost as bad a choice as the music. I liked the art, but it was pretty much a bummer. The decor was otherwise pretty good. . . Staff was nice enough as well. I'd eat their food again, but not in their restaurant.
We came here with friends and overall was good but not great.  Pretty cool atmosphere and artwork - kinda reminded me of Toki Doki. Service was attentive but nothing special. . . We ordered:. . 1) Wife ordered the lobster roll which came with a side of cole slaw. She also ordered the sweet potato fries. . 2) I ordered the Rising Sun that came with a side of regular fries. I also ordered a "bam-boozled" tiramisu shake. . 3) We also had a chance to try the truffle lobster mac n cheese along with the surf n turf quesadilla.. . The lobster roll was good along with the sweet potato fries. The Rising Sun burger was slightly on the salty side and the regular fries were just okay - kinda soggy. The bam-boozled Tiramisu shake was delicious along with the truffle lobster mac n cheese. Overall an ok spot to eat but the burger I had was just so-so. Maybe we'll give them another shot when we're in Vegas and try something else other than the Rising Sun.
The food here was good. Gotta try the Mexican car bombs. I love the atmosphere. The service was ok. The bartender could have been a little more attentive. Overall it was a good experience.
I came here on a sunday for lunch and there was no wait at all. The place is so adorable you just want to snap pictures all around the restaurant. The shakes are nothing special...even with alcohol you won't get any sort of buzz. As for the burgers...there is something special in their sauce that makes their burgers extraordinary. . . Billionaire burger: I wanted to try this because of the foie gras which mind you does not cover the whole burger. It is just a couple of bites before it's all gone with over half the burger left. The sauce is good but I don't think the burger is worth the price . . The fries are average  . . Lobster Mac n' Cheese: I'd say this dish is poorly executed given that I could not taste the lobster  . . The Gold Standard is delicious...if you're going to order a burger that's the one. The flavors meld together perfectly.This is how a burger should be done. . . There is a free beer when you check in on four square but it's not good at all. I'd pass on it even though it's free.
