I'm all about staying cheap, on the Strip in Vegas. You can't really go wrong with the Tropicana. It's old-school Vegas (although, I haven't been here since they've remodeled) in a prime location. Although, I do think they struggle with the pressure to modernize and conform to the "new" Vegas. The pool is my favorite feature. It used to be open 24hrs (which doesn't usually happen in Vegas..why not???), with a couple Jacuzzis, an adult pool, a large main pool with swim-up blackjack, waterfalls, lush gardens..definitely tropical.
When we found out we had to spend the night in Las Vegas because of a cancelled flight to Europe, we surely hadn't foreseen a night at the Tropicana. That old place? But it turned out fine, and I'm glad we were there AFTER the remodel, from the sounds of the BEFORE. We walked through the Excalibur and, boy, does that place need to be brought out of the Middle Ages. As for the Trop, I'd like to put in a good word for the buffet at Cafe Nikki. It was simple and almost elegant and not what we expected from a buffet on the Strip. The cafe has a beach theme, which keeps things light and modern. Everything we tried tasted good, or good enough, and the desserts were crazy good. I appreciated that the chefs were hovering behind the buffet table every time I went up -- it showed me they cared.
The Tropicana is the place to be when you know Rugby players are there as well. The room service was slow with towels, the room had no blankets and I was fine until I had to call the front desk twice and flag down an employee in the hallway just to get what we needed. The upside; it is located in a prime location on the strip and the machines pay well :) Also, Rugby players :)
Tropicana is actually not a bad hotel since it has a decent location and plenty of walk ways to other casinos. This is mostly a location casino with decent rooms since the suites are much cheaper than can be had at a higher star rated place in Vegas.. . However, you're really getting a closer to downtown experience here. Body World was hereonce, that was weird. The drinks are cheap, especially late night. The late night specials are dirt cheap, and the hotel smells like one big cigarette. The waitresses are ... mmm... and the minimums are low but don't expect any grandeur.. . Staying here while staying on the strip would be one of my last choices only because ... I'd rather pay dirt cheap for ... what I expect dirt cheap to be, or I would go spendy with a nicer place to get more luxuries. Sleeping on a hard bed inebriated or not is not really great since either way you wake up with back pain.
Nice.  Small.  Simple. . . Looking for fancy?  Move on.
I'd give this one 4 stars on cleanliness, but there's not even a coffee machine in the room, no mini fridge or mini bar. Basic living here....which suits me ok too - just can't do without the morning coffee... Remodel under way & overall, looks really nice. Resort fee approx. $10/day includes wifi.
Ahh Tropicana. All those facelifts and you are still showing your age. Your "parking garage" is quite possibly the worst and scariest on the Strip. The part where you first enter the casino looks great. But a glance beyond that little section of tables and stained glass, arched ceiling and you just have to cringe. You don't have any good restaurants. Your pool is just ok. Your carpeting makes me want to vomit (even when completely sober and not hungover). But your renovated rooms are nice and a great bargain compared to other Strip properties. And you let everyone come to your pool for no cost. So as frightful as you can be in some aspects, you still garner 3 stars.
Took a chance on the Tropicana.. . Stayed here 04/22/11 - 04/26/11. One of the reasons we decided to stay here was because they claimed to have spent $180 million on renovations. I wish I was able to compare the old vs. the new. This is my first stay in any hotel on the Strip.. . The ROOMS - Check-in starts at 3 pm. Arrived at 3:45 and only one of our two rooms was ready. In the Paradise Tower on the 10th floor facing the Strip. Basic room with two double beds. Simple, clean. Big TV. Nice details like Venetian blinds on the windows and crown molding on the ceiling. The bathroom door definitely needed some WD-40.  . . The suite we booked next door was ready about 20 minutes later and was more impressive, only because of it's size. The living room area is huge with a daybed and some chairs and a decent sized bedroom and bathroom with a king-sized bed. Big flat screens in both rooms. . . There's "free" wifi, although it's not actually free because it's included in the mandatory resort fee. It's been pretty fast & reliable but my cell reception has been suffering. . . The GYM - Spacious, but nothing special. A couple ellipticals and three treadmills. One was broken. Basic weights & machines. Exercise balls but no mats. Bad music. . . The POOL - Lots of chairs around a snaking pool that ends with a waterfall. Judging by the fellow loungers, this place seems to attract families and stereotypical tourists. There were a few bars and attendants taking drink orders - I had a decent caipirinha. They had a few vacant cabanas where I'm sure you could get bottle service. . . The CASINO - I'm not much of a gambler but it looks just like all the other casinos in the other resorts. . . The ENTERTAINMENT - I didn't see any of the shows - which is exactly the point. Nothing was really appealing except maybe Brad Garret's Comedy Club. I think Gladys Knight performed there sometimes and they had some cheesy-looking mob experience/exhibit. . . Overall, it was nice and suited all of my basic needs. I feel like all these renovations they're advertising aren't quite done yet. They're supposed to be opening a Nikki Beach here soon, so I think that will attract a younger, hipper crowd. If I ever return to Vegas I'm staying at the Mirage or the Palazzo, now that I've gotten a better feel for the area.
We stayed here because of the renovations, pictures online, and our room was comped (complimentary - thanks, dad!).  The place got a facelift, fresh paint, and a new pool.  That is all I saw in the $180 Millions for renovations.  . . Checked in was in/out in less than 5 mins.  No problem.  We had a tower room on the 6th floor.  Basic two double beds, simple, clean, big tv, and the news were:  crown molding on the ceiling, blinds, and maybe new furniture?  The bathroom was just painted, old wallpaper was still there (I think I was old, I looks old), titles are old, and new sink.. . The casino was small, 1 big pool, 1 still under construction, and everywhere smelled like coconuts.
It was my first time staying here and I was impressed with the room and facilities especially since the rate was only $40 first and $70 second night. They do charge $10 resort fee per day but it includes Internet service so not a bad deal considering other hotels charge $10-15 per day. Boy, I really love the room! Bell men were all great but I would recommend that you handle your own luggages unless you have too many to handle on your own.. it takes forever to get the bags specially upon check out... Like 35 mins!? Maybe it's because it's the memorial day weekend... anyway the room rates are cheap but the foods arent, although the portions are pretty huge so I suggest you share if you're not a big eater They are heavily promoting the new Italian restaurant Bacio but haven't had the chance to eat there, maybe next time. Its pretty pricey. The whole place has a Tropical and European look and feel which I like. If you like noodles like me, check out their world noodles bar... i tried out their pad thai.. not authentic but tasted pretty good. Also Had to check out the new Nikki beach club they opened a couple of nights ago.. Really nice place but music was awful. Bartenders weren't that friendly... Drinks overpriced. Go go dancers were actually nicer! In fact they danced pretty well... :) Had one drink and left in half hour... Oh and by the way they charge men $30 cover and women $20... Definitely not worth it. Since we went there late Eric and I managed to get in for free... But considering it was Friday night, the club wasn't crowded at all. Again it had to do with the music. They need to get a good DJ! Hung out at the pool for a few hours which was nice. They also have swim up black jack at one side of the pool! Overall it was ok.. Would I go back again? Yes if they still offer good rates. I know i will enjoy staying at the room and hang out atthe pool but next time I would walk over to other hotels around there to eat and shop!
The price is right!  We stayed in a remodeled room which was clean and spacious.  The pool was also very nice.  The location is great.  You can walk to New York New York, MGM or hop on the tram to Mandalay Bay.  Also liked that besides the casino area the rest of the hotel was smoke free.  Nothing fancy here but a good value.
this update is our 3rd stay here after the remodel..... On our last morning, we do our usual thing at the bar. We put 100.00 in the bar machines and play keno as we have our drinks. I get brandy and coffee and gina gets hot water to add to her good tea ( they only have reg black tea) which she adds a shot of bourbon to make a hot toddy. This time however... she was told by the bartender " Don" she cant bring her little gadgets to the bar !!!!!  Mind you its just a metal thermos with a screen to strain the tea leaves. We do this every morning, never having a problem. I at 1st thought he was kidding, but he was serious, and very rude to her. Nice last morning at the  Trop.!!!  sooo we cashed out our 200.00, took back the tip money, and left our drinks where he put them. We then went to the other bar and had no problem. HOW FRIGGIN RUDE OF DON !! Worst part is, he knew us from the previous 4 days. I wish drew was still at the Trop. He would never treat people like this. Also... They really need 5.00 tables !!! Most people went across the street to play at the tables.. I did play here but with no one sitting at table with you.... it goes fast. Its hard to get 3 of a kind(3 card poker) with only 6 cards coming out of a deck. The steak house was wonderful, the deli sucks. Not many food options here of late.We are going back in july and further update as needed.                                                                                            O.K. After this, our 4th trip here in last few months.. my final review........................ I was happy to see they brought back most 5.00 tables so you dont have to go across the street to play. The trop. really needs better food though. The steak house is the only good food here, but pricey.
Look, . . This place went from the crapicana to the whiteicana.. They have diligently tried to make this place appealing but at what cost? I get it, but I also feel like they took short cuts in places that maybe they should have paid closer attention to. . . . I dont know, I am always forced to stay here when I do broadcasts in town (mainly UFC) but its a huge hike when you stay back in the rear tower and I dont understand why they make the gym a walk thru to the pool. Its a pain in the ass when kids are running through there when Im trying to sweat it out listening to pantera.. . . . enjoy folks, . . p.s. the chinese place they had downstairs gave you a decent healthy option to eat food and it was good. its gone now and your choices are limited for food.
The hotel is really clean and spacious. The casino is a little small compared to the casinos in done of the other hotels. There are several restaurants throughout the hotel. There is a small half sized Starbucks and a full sized one on the first floor. There is a small gift shop in the lobby which was great when I realized I forget to pack a toothbrush and surprisingly it's really not that overpriced. . . They also have a Chinese food place that was pretty good for fast hotel food. I got the spring rolls and chicken lo mein and the portions were very generous.. . The rooms were very pretty, much nicer than the rooms in the Tropicana in Atlantic City. The furnishings were all bamboo and everything was white and clean. We had a gear view of the strip. The bathroom was clean and the staff was very friendly. . . I didn't use the pool but they looked gorgeous.
HORRIBLE RECEPTIONIST TERRY!!!!(white guy late forties, brown hair, brown eyes, mustache)The biggest problem I had with Tropicana was with their customer service. At the check in desk there is a man there named Terry, you DO NOT want to be checked in by him. HORRIBLE MAN. We had arrived at 930am, earlier than we had planned. We waited around till eleven and then we went to see if there might be a room available. The woman I talked to first said that she had noting at the moment but to come back in two to three hrs and there might be a greater chance that they could find us something.  So I went around 230 while my husband was waiting with our bags. I talked to another woman she said she could check me in but I had to go get my husband because the reservation was under his name. I left and came back in ten minutes we had to get in line again. This time we ended up having to talk to Terry. He bluntly told us that check in time is at 3 and he could do nothing for us. He look at his screen for not even five seconds and dismissed us. We had been waiting for hours. We had been to the pool, cafe Nikki for breakfast and the lobby and that is all we receive a glance at the computer screen and a sorry but "I can't do anything for you for another half an  hour." Really? My husband paid a lot of money to stay at Tropicana for a whole week and we received this type of treatment.I was really disappointed and because I have worked in costumer service for ten years I know what and what to expect from people. And he was just plain rude. Like I said HORRIBLE MAN.  .  I had expected better from a hotel that has just completed its renovations and is trying to bring in new clientele.. I'm planning on going back to vegas for a wedding but I do not plan on staying here.
The new Tropicana is quite clean, spacious and tropical feeling now.  The room was pretty clean.  The casino is small but spacious feeling.  You don't have to turn and twist between machines so that was good.  Lost a little money but that's the way the cookie crumbles I guess.  . . I only have a few complaints about this place.  . 1.   Our drain was clogged in the sink the first night and we had to call to have it snaked.  It was a kind of a hassle since we were all tired from the drive.  . 2.  The scent of coconut smacks you in the face when you walk in the door.  Maybe it's supposed to cover up the smell of smoke?  . 3.  The valet was confusing.  Was never really sure who to give my ticket to when I needed the car.  Even the guys with the valet shirt or the door marked valet weren't the people who were supposed to take my ticket.  They kept pointing to someone else.  They all pointed to a unmarked and unmanned desk in the front.  Also, one day the valet brought the wrong car.  . . Despite all this, I suppose it was a decent stay.
We checked in a bit late (5pm) and got upgraded to a suite. Moneyyyyy! For the price we paid ($70), the suite was great! The room itself was clean and comfortable but even with the curtain things closed, it still got too bright for my liking in the wee hours of the morning. . . Although this hotel has been renovated, it definitely doesn't have the ritzy feel of the newer hotels. The location is just alright also. I prefer to be more towards the middle of the strip. . . The casino was dead compared to other casinos we visited over the weekend. I would stay here if the deal was good but the majority of my time would not be spent here. I'm glad I checked it out but there are better Vegas options out there. If you're looking for the resort experience (lively casino, many restaurants options, beautiful people everywhere) then this is probably not the place for you. It actually seemed like an older crowd was staying here. 20 somethings trying to live that Vegas state of mind, beware! But if you're looking for a clean and quiet room to come back to at night then this is a good option.
Tropicana got a face lift!  I like!. . Yeah, the crowd was definitely older (like, senior citizen older), but that might be due to the fact that there was this slots competition going on.  (My dad participated, yessir.)  They have plenty of machines to choose from...and they even have a cool, automated roulette game.  (Like, there's an actual ball, but it's not a table game!)  . . I discovered that there's a Nikki Beach here...and kinda wished that I woulda been able to check it out on the weekend.  It seems like it'd be a cool place to spend a Vegas night.  There's a couple fancy-ish restaurants upstairs, as well as Starbucks and lower priced pizza joint near the casino level.  . . FYI - The bathrooms by Nikki Beach are AMAZING!  Totally new and clean and spacious.  Great for primping.
They supposedly remodeled the place. It is okay, but not great. The bed was comfortable. However, when we first got there, there was no soap in the bathroom. We had to request it. The shower is in the bathtub, and it was clogged. We asked for it to be fixed, and they took the grate out, and didn't put it back in afterward. There was dirty rust all around it. Not super appealing.. . What I did like is that it is really close to MGM. I also liked their room service for breakfast. I got a lobster omelette. What I could not believe was how much they charged for coffee. . . Overall, I survived the stay. But I didn't really feel like I was on a luxurious vacation.
can only comment on the casino part, as my friends wanted to see how renovated Tropicana got. First time I went, and it was larger than I expected. But as soon as you walk in, you feel like youre at the beach. In a bad way. Reeks of coconut lotion everywhere you go. But, my $ in blackjack quickly doubled and more, so I was happy with my run here. The casino has the old retro look of Vegas, but clean and new.
My beloved Tropicana has had a MAJOR makeover - some of the changes are fabulous, but some kind of take away from the gritty/seedy "Las Vegas" feel of the old decor. . . The Good --. The pool has been redone and looks straight out of Hollywood -- all white and wood. It's a huge step up from the old plastic loungers -- well done! Too bad it was FREEZING this weekend and we couldn't utlize it, but next time...!. . The rooms have been totally redone and they NEEDED it! Flat screens now replace the antiquated boxy TV's, new furniture, new carpets, new beds (super comfy compared to the cardboard mattresses they used to have!), and jacuzzi tubs in the bathroom. They've also redone the carpeting in all the hallways, so the whole place doesn't totally stink of cigarette smoke.. . The Bad --. . The casino didn't need to be touched, but they've added this blinding white marble walkways that SUCK. They take the darkness out of the room and make the room feel less full. In a casino setting, I just didn't like the vibe of the new decor. . . It's trying too hard to be cool. I'm guessing they have a new night club there, but we didn't see it. We DID see drunken, half-naked girls being comped drinks and being told to "follow the crowds" -- when we looked for which way these girls were "following the crowds" it seemed like they were staggering into the coffee shop. FAIL?. . Would We Stay Here Again? Not sure.. We love the Tropicana -- we've stayed here over ten times and got married here in 2008, but the hotel has never made us feel special in any way, nor have they ever comped us anything. I know we're just normal people, not high-rollers, but you'd think there'd be some sort of customer appreciation for repeat guests? I'm not really feeling it. I also felt like the whole vibe of the place was totally cold. The staff only spoke when spoken to, the dealers were unfriendly, and I didn't feel very welcome. In the future, I think it may be time to try a new hotel - one that values customer service more highly. Oh, and they painted the whole building white, and it's TOO white for Vegas.
I am impressed by the improvements that the Tropicana has gone through in it's makeover session. I stayed here for two nights, as this was the host hotel for a race my roommate and I were running and we were both thrilled with the experience. The staff was extrememly friendly and easy to work with-we were even able to get a phone call for an early check-in on Friday.. . This was a great price for being on the strip and being in walking distance or a cab ride from anywhere else you want to go.. . BTW-Don't forget to tip your house keepers for the hard work that they do.
Heh...as we walked through the lobby, casino, and wandered around the hotel...my husband summed it up best - "Golden Girls on vaycay".. . Not bad...just clearly dated (even with their most recent multi-million dollar renovation).
I've been to the Tropicana many times over the years, mostly to see shows/exhibits. . I haven't been in since their renovation, and it looks so much better. Its bright and clean and open. It no longer has that stale smell. I was pleasantly surprised.. I've only gambled there once and didn't win. I've never eaten there and I've never seen the rooms. But I would no longer steer tourist friends away from the Trop. I had a drink at ICandy before the Recycled Percusssion show. Drinks were pricey but the Peanut Butter Cup cocktail was huge and yummy. All the staff I encountered were friendly and helpful.
Since my initial review,  Nicole from Tropicana thanked me for my review and apolgized for my sub-par experience with them.   I thought that was very nice of her. I also explained that maybe I was being too harsh.  Maybe  because of the fact that Las Vegas hotels are held to such a high level of expection due to the competition.   It wasnt a bad experience by any means.   As a matter of fact a friend contacted me after reading my review to ask if she should change her reservations at the Tropicana for the following weekend.   I told her not to .   The staff was friendly, its clean and neat inside as well
Hmmm.... I'd say a solid 3 stars.. . We decided to be adventurous and hotwire it for our annual winter vegas vacay.. we picked a 4star hotel on theSouth end of the Strip and ended up with the Tropicana. I was immediately disgusted, but hubby informed me that they renovated and remodeled so it is a lot better than it used to be.. . I was pretty skeptical the whole way there. The hotel is completely white outside, it looks unfinished to me. Their casino is small, and when you walk in, the coconut sunscreen smell slaps you in the face. Our room was in the club tower, which is in the farther building, and quite a walk. We also happened to be there the same weekend as some latin ballroom dance convention of some sort, and most of those people also happened be staying on our floor. Loud and obnoxious. The bathroom was pretty spacious, and the room itself was nicer than I thought it would be. There was a sizable flat screen tv, but our view outside was of the airport and the planes landing and taking off were pretty noisy. The hotel itself is also like a sauna.. not sure if they keep the heat cranked up on purpose to go with the tacky tropical theme or what, but it was ridiculously warm. . . I also thought it was interesting that both of their restaurants were closed... not that I wanted to eat at either of them, but if I did, I wouldn't have been able to. All in all, I wasn't that impressed, but it was clean enough for a one night stay. Will I ever stay there again? nope.
I'm here at the end of December, so maybe I can't appreciate the Nikki Beach Club  and pools. but it looks nice from the outside. . . The first night prior to the to our stay wasn't great. I tried calling the front desk to confirm my reservation the night prior to arriving. I had a good deal with HauteLook for $45/night. I was transferred from an operator to the front desk and put on hold ten minutes until I hung up and called back. This happened three times until I asked the operator to try herself. After a two minute wait she said people are there, just not answering their phones. She checked the reservation for me and said my name is there but she didn't have access to tell me what my room would be like.. . Once we got to Vegas, check in wasn't bad. The staff at the front desk were less than friendly. I asked about a free upgrade and she said nothing is available because it's so busy this week. Then she paused and said but if I pay an extra $250 a night, they can give me an upgrade. I passed. I guess something was available after all, but just not for free, or for us. . . The room itself was ok. I'm in the Club Tower. Inside is a huge flat screen LG TV. Besides that, the decorations look new but 70s beach style. The floor is cracked in the bathroom and the rugs look dated. The other update is probably the tub and the sink, which are nice and the water heats fast, but the pressure is weak. The bathroom even had an unpleasant odor. The mattress is comfortable but the sheets are starchy. They take some getting used to once on them. The comforter that is washed daily. The French shutters are a nice touch. Go high, even on the 6th floor you can hear the sirens of the streets. We were upgraded to a club suite which was nice, with a fridge, Kenmore coffee maker (no coffee in other room), two TVs, separate living room, separate sinks and a big shower. The major drawback was the thumping you hear every few seconds from the elevator being used. It sounds like someone is hammering above you. Don't get a room near the elevator. I was up most of the night.. . The free wifi is room dependent.  Higher up I had better wifi but on the 6th floor, I had to tether my phone.  You may want to check your wifi connection before setting up if it's important to use it.. . The cleanliness of the room is good. The maids do a good job every day. I was on the 6th floor and they got to us around 1 PM- 4 PM.. . Keep in mind the Club Tower is a long walk, but farther from the strip noise. You may still hear fast cars and sirens, though.. . The hotel itself isn't overly extravagant but simple elegant. The fitness center is hidden in the spa and has a bunch of machines in a narrow strip but you can't use the steam room, sauna, or locker area without paying an extra $18/day. There are small gift stores, and two fancy restaurants open for dinner. The food court is small but has sizable portions. They host the Rick Thomas Magic Show which is a must see, family-friendly, and really amazing. If you like booths and a good view, get the VIP seats. The casino is a little smaller relative to the other ones but has good tables. My boyfriend was able to win some. This is probably the last hotel at this end of the strip that has walkways to other buildings.. . I saw a lot of families. There's really nothing raunchy in this location to keep families out. Maybe it's the appeal of the Magic show and the low rates.  Keep in mind there are lots of kids in this hotel.. . I'd probably come back to this location for a similar price. I hardly hear anyone once inside the room, except for some above sounds of things occasionally dropping or pipes moving water; you also hear any normal conversation or louder in the hall.  Also, again, don't get a room near the elevator or you will here THUMP every few seconds.. . If you ever have any problems with your stay I recommend talking to Nicole Marshall with guest services.  She contacted me directly after seeing my initial review with opportunities to make my stay better.  Besides the room location, she did a pretty good job. I'd give four stars if it wasn't for this elevator sound all night (which I think she didn't know existed), the fact that our water was turned off in the morning without any notification, and the previous customer service hassles of various service people with snarky attitudes.
It appears as though the Tropicana has gone through a recent renovation. I have to say that they have done a good job with the renovation in the public areas, although the casino space is rather small in comparison to the other casinos on the strip.. . The Tropicana is easily accesible through either Las Vegas Blvd or Tropicana Ave since it is at the SE Corner of that particular intersection. I found parking at their parking structure although it was a trek to get from the structure to the entrance of the casino. Normally, I'd valet my car, but I had many valuables in my car that I rather not take the risk of theft.. . When I arrived at the entrance, I noticed all the recent renovations in this building and some construction that was still in progress. When I got to the entrance, I was confused to where the check in desk was, but a dealer actually pointed me in the right direction. When I arrived at the check in desk, I only had to wait a couple of minutes until I was checked in by an attendant. . . The check in attendant was friendly and tried to explain to me the directions to the Club Tower. It was actually somewhat confusing as she had to repeat herself several times. The Club Tower is actually quite a walk. It felt like a Lord of the Rings journey. You have to walk diagonally across the casino (mind you there is no obvious path), up a curved escalator, then through a long corridor on the 2nd floor, then make a abrupt left into the elevators. . . I finally arrived at my room and the decor looks like you are in a tropical themed room. The large wooden blinds in the closed position do not really keep the sunlight away from the room when the sun rises. . . I loved the large flat screen TV in the room.. . However, the bathroom was such an afterthought to the renovation. I am not sure what they renovated in there, but the toilet had noticable "stains." I liked the larger bathtub, but again, it looked dated especially with that bad tile job. I was not very impressed with the bathroom.. . Also, as I used the internet, the reception was spotty. It did not work half the time. Sometimes it would work and the other times it would not. So, I felt a little ripped off of the resort fee ($14.99/day) when it includes wireless internet that is half working.
Average accommodations, sub-par service.  Last on my list to stay on the strip.  Free slow wi-fi bought it another star.
I stayed at the Tropicana Hotel this week on business and I have to say my room was very nice.. The Hotel it self is still very 70"s looking but non the less,, nice.. The employees were super friendly as well..Not my first chioce of places to stay in Vegas but because of the CES Convention,it was all I could get....
On Dec 28th-31th my boyfriend and I stayed at the Tropicana Hotel. We were pretty excited to see how it was going to look after its new renovations. I had viewed their website and heard good things of its new look and wanted to experience for myself.  When we arrived at the hotel, we were not impressed by its exterior appearance, it was just plain white, there was nothing exciting about it at all, it had a boring look.  However, we were not going to let the hotel's exterior appearance influence our attitude on it as a whole. Before entering the hotel, we had to walk around to the end of the building in order to roll our luggage in. The hotel had stairs in the main entrance, which made it very difficult for people to bring their luggage in the main entrance. Once we entered the hotel, we smelled a strong pineapple smell, which was pretty strong. We were able to check in smoothly, and were both impressed with its new look.  All of the workers were very nice and the casino wasn't very smoky. We stayed in a deluxe room in the towers. The section we stayed in was brand new, but the pathway/hallway we had to walk down to get to our room was very warm. I wasn't sure if it was supposed to be warm in the hallways or if the air conditioner just wasn't working. Our room was real nice, everything in the room was new, it had white comforters, black jazz art on the walls, Jacuzzi bathtubs, and free wireless, the rooms were coo. But... the only major problem we had with our room was... the water. We had no hot water one night!!!!! I was so upset. We were getting ready to enjoy the night life and we had to wait about 40 minutes to take shower. I called the front desk and they said they needed to restart the generator.... :/ for real. I've never been to a hotel where they need to restart the generator. Then the next morning after partying all night, I got up to wash my face and the water coming out of the faucet began to make a weird sound, and guess what started coming out? Brown water... I was livid and complained to the receptionist about our experience at their newly remodeled hotel did not meet our expectations, and they gave us a discount. Would I stay their again? Maybe after they fix their plumbing problem.
It was OK due to price.  . . Pros - .  I found the room comfortable (besides the shower). . Gym was good . Pool looks nice (didn't use). Location was OK. Room was clean. . They could carry this place off better though with some slight improvements.. 1.  Staff overall.  Didn't find them too friendly or eager to help. 2.  Cab lines suck.  No hussle to get cabs like other hotels.  Guy just stood there while a bunch of us waited in the line like sheep.  Sorry no tip Pal. . 3.  Shower height - its like 5ft.  really uncomfortable to take a shower.    Bathroom overall seemed to be ignored in the renovation.. 4.  Restaurants - sucked.  Really poor choices.  Get some new restaurants in. . . It basically felt like what I paid for it - Around $195 a night but it was during CES week where all the other hotels are getting $400+. . I think I'll go back but it would be only a night to check out the pool scene in the summer.  I got a feeling the vibe in this place could change during pool season
Got a deal through Priceline for $100, the room is new and clean, but by no means luxurious or modern. Has a 42" plasma and and all, wifi too but beware they will charge you the resort fee of $15 a day for it a day. We stayed for the great location, on the Strip, close to everything, including the airport. The casino is small and they only have 2 or 3 shows, so you'll have to get your fun somewhere else. Starbucks at the first floor, it's good in the morning and Nikki Cafe is a pretty good place to have dinner, watch the iCandy show at the bar and quickly go to your room if you want to spend the night "at home". Renovations are almost ready, give it a try if you find it at a good price.
Here are the things that I love about this hotel:. . 1.  Great location.  I don't often spend time on this end of the strip, but if was a nice change of pace and easy to get pretty much anywhere.. . 2.  It's literally right on the strip so you don't have to walk 30 minutes FROM the strip just to get into the lobby.. . 3.  The casino (and hotel hallways) don't reek of smoke.  Instead you get assaulted with the smell of coconuts.  It's a decent trade-off.. . 4.  Rooms are a decent size for your 'standard' sized hotel room.   Decor was wicker and palm tree's.  I haven't been inside a Tommy Bahama store in a while, but I have visions of it being similar.  . . 5.  Casino is small so it only takes about 40 seconds to get to Starbucks once off the elevator.  . . Here are the things that I didn't love about this hotel:. . 1.  Sports book needs more tables to chill and not just those little cubby things.. . 2.  Beds are super uncomfortable.. . 3.  A/C in the rooms is bad.  Like really bad.  So bad that I could never imagine staying here during the summer months.  I even called the front desk asking if they turn it off during the winter because our room never seemed to cool off.  . . 4.  Rooms don't have blackout shades.  This is the lamest thing ever.  . . My better half loved this hotel, but personally, I don't think I'd stay here again.  The pool seems like it would be cool during the warmer months, but I'm still loyal to the Palazzo.
1-Major Renovation of the hotel. 1-Bachelorette. 6-Other Ladies. 1-Renovated Room. 40- Dollars per person for 2 nights in Vegas + A Free Bottle of Vodka. . Can't argue with the numbers, free vodka, fresh and clean rooms.. Can't argue with getting bottle service basically for free at Club Nikki because we had a total of 12+ ladies.. . Is it swanky? No.  . Is is posh? No.. Is it good enough? Yep!
The Tropicana was very nice, clean, bright, and service was good. However, the floor in the bathroom was not clean...black hairs all over the place. The bed was very comfortable. I wish I would've paid more attention to reviews I'd read prior to our stay saying the rooms were too far from the entrance. We were in the Club Tower and it was a serious journey from our room to exit the hotel. The pools were packed the entire 4 days of our stay and we didn't want to fight for a lounge chair, so we didn't swim. It really is more of a 'posing' kind of place than a fun place. The restaurants were tre' spendy.
I got an excellent room rate on the Tropicana, and the room (in the Club Tower) was excellent - clean, spacious, comfortable bed, quiet. The location on the strip is pretty good, and it's quite close to the airport. . . BUT...the cons of this hotel soon out-weighed the pros. Yes, they gave me a nice room, BUT it takes 15 minutes to walk from the front of the hotel to my elevator. Yes, they have a clean fitness center BUT it's located adjacent to a designated smoking area. Yes, they have a spa - BUT it's so over-priced, I don't see how they do any business. Yes, they have 24-hour room servce, BUT the menu is extremely limited. Also, there is no coffee maker or fridge in the room - that is a complete oversight. And, I work for a Fortune 100 company who blocked out a lot of rooms in their hotel, and they couldn't give me a late check-out. . . Lastly, the free tram is a pain to access from this hotel. You have to walk to the tram station at the Excalibur and the tram only goes as far as the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Not very safe at night. . . I wouldn't stay here again.
Tropicana got a major upgrade! The whole hotel has done a fantastic remodel with it's new Miami-like theme.  Check-in was a breeze, with the  staff being super helpful for whatever questions or requests we had. . . Our room was in the second tower which was a bit of a walk but not a big deal at all. The room itself had a super comfy bed that I now want for my own bedroom. You could tell everything was newly done except for the bathroom tiles..I could totally be wrong but it just felt that way. The shades/curtains let a little too much light in, which is not ideal for those getting to bed late in the am. Everything else was awesome though .. . Since it was late February, the pool was closed, but it looked very Miami/tropical like. I wish the weather was warm enough so I could check it out. . . Good location, good prices, clean hotel, and good service. I would totally be back, and hopefully in the summer.
Stayed here with friends last weekend.  . Pros: I like the decor... hip 50's beach theme.  Rooms were clean with decent amenities.  Price was reasonable for location.. . Cons: Coconut/sunscreen smell that is pumped into the lobby is awful!  Gave me a headache within minutes.  Casino entertainment is ridiculous - they have a wedding type band singing songs as if they were performing karaoke.  . . Place was not that crowded on friday night... casino was filled with a mix of clientele.  They need to do some targeted marketing and figure out what kind of hotel they want to be.
The Tropicana has really done a lot to update itself and it's much cleaner than it was before, but perhaps at the cost of some of it's character. . . It's pretty neutral and sort of reminds me of Bally's now; there is a bit of the stained glass over the tables still, but it feels more out of place and considerably less art nouveau than it used to. It seems to me that they changed the colors of it (but perhaps that's my imagination). It 's attempt at nostalgia, but i wouldn't go so far as to say it's a successful one.. .  They have the promotional signs everywhere for " The first $200 on us" and there is (obviously) a catch, but it's still a good promo. You get that money in slot or table play, equal to your losses up to $200 in your first 24 hours. It's complicated and I think you get the first part immediately and the second half a month later. I lost $20 (the minimum) and got $10 in slot play back. It ensure's ill be back in a month, even if I just drop in. I will say you should try and go early, because you only have until midnight of the day you join to do it; if you join at 11pm you have one hour and you can only cash in once. . .  All in all the "new" Tropicana isn't a bad place; you could (and I have) done much worse. It's probably not the sort of place that is likely to spring to mind when you are searching for a night out, but it's a good deal when you are in the neighborhood.
We have stayed in a dozen different 4/5 star hotels on the strip. We really like the decor and the casino. The club suite was nice and big with a refrigerator and coffee pot. The bathroom was lacking though. No bathtub and an awkward door set up into the bathroom. It felt more like a not so great hilton bathroom. So if there had been a soaking tub we would have been inclined to return. . . Even with a groupon deal at $149 a night we felt this was a little overpriced considering you can get a room for the same price at The Hotel or The Signature MGM, which are nicer in my opinion. Plus, you had to pay the resort fees and taxes on top of that groupon deal so it really wasn't worth the total price. . . The first night we couldn't sleep due to nightclub noise until 2am resonating up the 19thfloor?!  For some reason no nightclub noise the next night. So definitely consider this when making your arrangements.  We did like the casino and the deal for getting a players card. Also, we enjoyed Biscayne, the seafood restaurant on property.
We stayed at the Tropicana because friends of ours were staying there...it wasn't our first choice of places, but it seemed okay.  The price was more than we wanted to pay, but we had heard that it had been recently remodeled.  Well, the hotel did look better than I remember from before, and it was clean.  But they still allow smokers (yuck!) and the casino was smaller than the other casinos.  We didn't try the restaurants or the nightclub.  And we were disappointed to know that we couldn't use the pool or hot tub.  They looked really pretty through the windows, but it wasn't open.  We weren't informed before we arrived..a little disappointing.  The rooms were nice and relaxing, but there was noise coming from the airport that could get loud.  Overall, I think we will choose another place to stay in the future.
Staff are friendly. The new white look is not all that. It's still the same old tropicana to me.
So after my last review of this hotel I was invited to come back and try the new Tropicana compliments of Nicole there Guest Relations Manager.  We arrived to the hotel and valet parked and that was a nice experience.  The VIP Breeze check in was not so fast...the regular check in line went faster.  The room was a 180 degree change from the last time I stayed there.  The only thing I didn't like is that there wasn't enough light blocked out for sleeping in and the water pressure from the shower head was too low. The air conditioner work perfect and the housekeeper for our floor was a  very sweet lady.  We visit the bar near the entrance of the hotel and I was happy with my service and the drinks.  One of the friendliest bartenders I have meet.  Now my dislikes about my stay; The Cafe Nikki was the worst experience of my whole stay and the pizza from the 24 hour deli.  At the Cafe we had asked for two drinks one being a fat tire and the other a vodka fruit punch and we were brought the complete opposite.  We complained and still was charged for the drinks we didn't ask for.  Never again did we eat at the Tropicana for the rest of the weekend. .  I was a little skeptical after reading that a guest had been robbed in there room.  I was reassured that incident was not a normal thing and as long as we keep our door closed at all times we should be good.  The elevators were nice and all of them worked this time.  . . Overall our experience at the Tropicana was nice and I appreciate Nicole making it happen so that we could see the new and improved place for ourselves.
The Trop can best be summed up as a great value.It's not on par with Caesars Palace,Paris, or some of the other big name casinos, but it's significantly cheaper and it has all the basics..            As a Vegas first timer, I found the tables at the Trop a bit less intimidating than some of the other venues. Instead of shady looking middle age stereotypical vegas guys, screaming and trying to tell everyone else how to play, it was mostly other newbies and people my Grandma's age. .            The room was clean, fairly spacious, and had a cozy bath tub. However, our view from the window was the nearby airport. That being said, I got the room off of Hotwire for about $89 a night, so I wasn't really expecting to be hooked up with the penthouse suites. Even if you don't get your room off of hotwire, it seems like you can get one for under $150 pretty easily and at that price, it's still a good value in my opinion..           Also, if your looking to meet hot singles this probably isn't your best bet. Unless, your idea of a "Hot Single" is a 70 something with a bright yellow fanny pack..           Overall, if your looking for a happy medium between a standard chain hotel & the high end casinos then Tropicana is a good compromise.
Good value - not a lot going on. Now that the renovations have been completed on the rooms, they're pretty nice, although missing some amenities that I would consider standard such as a coffee maker. A friend had a suite, and they got coffee, but none for the common folk. The beds were nice and the pillows were very comfortable. When you stumble back to your hotel room at 3am, that is very good to have! . . The hotel/casino itself don't offer a lot of fun things to do though. There are not really any stores to shop in and very few restaurants. The Beach Cafe had a 45min wait every single day that we tried to eat there (Fri - Mon) so ended up eating at Pelligrino's which is their little grill area. The other restaurants were sit-down fancier establishments. While delicious, I'd love more casual dining options. There are 2 areas to get a Starbucks at though and that's a plus. . . The pool is beautiful. I can't wait to go back later this summer when the extra area of the pool will be completed with the renovations. It was supposed to be a Nikki Beach location but due to a few changes and contracts, etc ... it's now supposed to be even better. I love all things Nikki Beach and if this is supposed to be better - I need to see it and will judge that for myself. The main pool is large and the guests that frequent the pool are of all shapes and sizes. Great if you're not looking to compete with 22-year olds and juiceheads. Matt, the security guard at the main pool, was awesome. He was so friendly and remembered us from day-to-day. He assisted me with my concerns about a fellow pool patron that looked like he had a little too much and was sleeping in the hot sun for quite some time. The pool bar offers beers and frozen drinks. One of the bartenders didn't speak the best English but he got the job done. In the 4 days I was at the pool, I was never once approached by the servers that were taking drink orders. Always had to get my own. Maybe I didn't look like I was going to spend a lot of money? Who knows ...  If you buy a yard cup or a sports bottle, they are refillable at a discounted price the next time. Saves you $4+ on each refill. I like discount drinking  :)   Insert why servers didn't visit me. Lol. . . Housekeeping - this is interesting. Our room wasn't cleaned at all in the 3 nights we stayed. Once our beds were made but the room wasn't cleaned and the trash wasn't emptied, etc. Another day, she knocked and we invited her in and said we would be leaving in 10 min so she offered to come back ... we're still waiting for her to come back ... . . Overall, good experience ... but I can spend a little bit more and have lots more to do at my fingertips.
I stayed at the tropicana (my first time staying here) from april 13-14 ...my boyfriend and i previously booked this hotel through expedia (we chose the mystery 4-star hotel and got trop.) I havent stayed here before but I walked into the hotel years before the renovation and I can def. tell the difference. The decor has stepped up and looks much, much cleaner with the south beach theme going on. you can def smell the coconut suncreen scent throughout the hotel.. . I had previously booked for their basic hotel room but I had contacted Nicole Marshall who was def. helpful with helping us upgrade to the paradise suite! I saw how much it was going for that weekend I was going and im thankful that she gave us a great deal!. . the hotel parking itself was a bit confusing for me because i came down straight from Las Vegas Blvd; and I couldn't understand their self parking signs because one said it was on the right but it was a really small lot. I parked there because all the other signs said valet parking. my boyfriend and I were like we'll ask the front desk to make sure because usually the hotels ive stayed at in vegas have a parking structure to park in. (I parked outside in a small lot with numbers on space where you parked.) so my bf and i walked from that parking lot, passed the old 50's style car and went towards the lobby.... . front desk def. needs help in my opinion, the lines/signs to check in was confusing because well... neither sign said it was for checking in!! another woman and i were confused at the same time...so we went into the check out line because the other one was for showtimes. when it was my turn to check in, i was def. happy/excited/polite but the front desk employee had no facial expression, no enthuasiam, just said "hi" ONLY BECAUSE i said . "hello how are you today?"...yeahh i didnt get any enthuaism out of her nor a how are you back from her (she was a younger african american employee-i didnt catch her name badge/name), she took my id and went through the paperwork, she gave the map to me and said my room was on the 15 floor, in the club tower and to head straight to the escaltors...and i asked "okay thank you, i was wondering do you have more self parking and where is it?". she just replied, "yes we do." i was waiting for more of a explanation where and how i can get there...she just pointed to the map. at that point , i just said okay thanks and wasnt even going to be bother her anymore because i got that impression that i was "bothering" her. i thought i would hear more like thanks for staying at the tropicana and oh here's our deals ...etc. just nothing. usually i get a cheerful welcome and thank you..plus coupons and such when i stay but like i said i didnt want to bother her. the only thing i can say great about the front desk/lobby is that their lights are def amazing looking...reminds me of planet hollywood lobby/front desk.. . the room was def not what my boyfriend and i expected...it was a great looking, spacious room esp since i did not expect it from tropicana. we got the paradise suite and it was amazingly big, it had a cool wetbar/counter WITH a mini fridge cooler! spacious living room, bedrooom (the bed was SO comfortable!!), his and her sinks + our own countertops...i was expecting to find the free umbrellas i saw that they give out to their guests in their room but i only found the sleeping masks. the only gripe about my room was that we had put a "do not disturb" sign on our door the whole stay and usually they dont clean your room when they do. usually i do not like them to because im usually set with the amt of towels they give and im not picky about everything being cleaned everyday of my stay. but they cleaned our room (weird)...they touched some of our belongings and awkwardly folded my boyfriend's clothes and stuck them on top of the drawer...i dont know...they did a good job on cleaning but i dont like the fact that our belongings were moved and touched. i wished tropicana wouldnt put the thick blinds on their windows because you can barely see a view of the strip...but other than that it was a great room.. . overall, its a great value room if you didnt want to stay at excalibur or off the strip but i wouldnt stay here again. just because i know with the amount of money ive spent on this room was the same amt i paid for the cosmopolitan but i got to stay one more night longer at cosmo and i had a terrance to stare out at the view of the strip. plus tropicana didnt have a large casino area to walk around & gamble in, they dont have a great selection of places to eat (my bf and i had to go the mgm's food court most of the time to eat), and nothing wow'ed me at all. it was almost basically nothing to do  here and their red card that we signed up for...we didnt use- its a trick if you actually read the ways of how to play their "free $200 slot play"---word of advice...do NOT use it!  but great thanks to Nicole for our stay and helping me fix the kinks of my hotel bil
Nice New Look for the Tropicana. Great place for a pool party. Take time to walk through for yourself.
Came up to Vegas for Viva Las Vegas Rockabilly weekender over Easter weekend. . . Casino-I had played the casino here a couple of times and now I wanted to try out staying there. The casino is good size. There's lots going on in this place. They also have lingerie dealers at a few tables as well. Beware, look but don't touch. The table dealers in general are fairly nice. I remember Guiseppe was a blast to be hanging out with. The guys at the sports book were kinda rude. No one was in line and it wasn't busy so I asked a few questions about the hockey games and they blew me off. Guess they didn't want to take my money. . . Hotel- Beds were comfy and sheets were clean. TV was nice size. Bathroom was clean. One grip though. Showerhead, I'm 5'10" tall, by no means tall, but not short either, and the showerhead was placed at mid chest level, was this a room for shorter people? I had to bend down quite a bit just to get my head wet. Was pissing me off by the 2nd day here. And the ceiling in the shower as well was prob only 6'4". seemed to be cramped. Felt like a monster in a kids playhouse. My room was in the Club Tower, Do not stay in this tower!!! Its a long walk to the valet, the casino,  and the parking lot. . . Misc.- Came back to our room after a hard night of partying and had a serious case of the munchies. Called room service and ordered a pizza. I think it was 40 bucks, probably my own drunkedness though. Anyways. BEST Pizza ever. I ate it again the next morning too. Still awesome!! The pepperoni was small and thick, so good. I can still taste it 4 weeks later. Pool was big and nice too with a lifeguard. . . Next time I'll prob stay somewhere else but party here.
3.5 stars. . I cringed when I booked this room through Hotwire, but in some ways, I ended up being pleasantly surprised. Check-in was okay; we tried to check in around 11:30, but we were gonna get charged $20 for early check-in. We dropped our bags off at the bell desk, went out, and came back around 1:30, when our room was ready. We got a basic room. but it was a corner unit, so it was a little bigger than expected. It was a nice room: it was nicely decorated, had a flat screen HDTV, an iPod dock, and a comfy bed. It didn't have a fridge, which would've been nice. The resort fee includes wi-fi, which was reliable. . . The casino is on the smaller side. They try to pump a fragrance the same way Trump does, but it doesn't really mask the cigarette smoke. There are walkways to the nearby resorts, which is great because there isn't a lot of dining options in the Tropicana. There's a Starbucks, a tiny food court, a couple of nicer restaurants, and a 24 hour cafe tucked behind the casino. The elevators are pretty slow. And the in-TV menu didn't work.. . Overall, it was a good place to stay for the price. I'd consider staying here if I need an inexpensive option on the Strip, but for nicer amenities, I'll stay elsewhere.
I stayed here with two girlfriends and everything was fine. The rooms are clean and the hallways smell like vanilla. We booked through Hotwire and got a really good deal.. . We only had two complaints about the room: the water in the shower takes a long time to warm up... like ten full minutes. Also, the lighting in the rooms is awful. The only decent lighting is in the bathroom but there were only two small lamps in the actual room.. . As far as food goes, there's not much to choose from inside the hotel, but there's a ton right across the street at MGM. . . I'm not a gambler but if you are, you probably want to go elsewhere. . . We didn't check out the pool but I've heard Nikki Beach is fun... maybe next time.
Ok, for being newly renovated...this place should be nicer!! It wasn't all bad but the elevators had no ac and that also included the hallways to your room! Weird!! The rooms itself weren't that bad but the ac in their wouldn't go any lower then 60 degrees and I am only complaining about that because it definitely didn't feel like 60 degrees!! The bathrooms weren't anything special at all, kinda blah! No room fridg., I thought those were a given in Vegas rooms... They are building a new pool, which looks like it will be pretty cool, but the guys working on it started their work at 8 am...ugh. Woke me up every morning...
I'm pretty sure that those games are stacked in the casino's favor.... . My room was really pretty good for the money, except they tacked on a roughly $20 dollar 'amenities' fee for the pool and other shit I never used, mostly because I was in Vegas on business.  . . Oh well.  Wish I could expense the C note I dropped on the blackjack table.  WTF ever happened to $5 antes anyway? . . Also, I'm checking NO in the 'Good for Kids?' box.  Hey retarded parents:  Las Vegas is NOT GOOD FOR KIDS!  Go to Disney.
Well, cosmetically, the Tropicana has done a pretty decent job with the renovations.  It no longer is an eyesore, no longer has the weird smell. It has a South Beach/Cuban motif, with orange and white being the primary colors. Since the remodel,  Priceline and some of the third party vendors classify it as a 4 star hotel.  I'd tend to disagree with that ranking, however, . . Self parking is strange.  There is no parking garage, just a lot, and the arrows indicating which direction to drive are mis-marked. This led to some driving and parking frustration. . . The check in process was smooth and quick, and the clerk was very pleasant.  We opted to upgrade to a suite for an extra $75 for our two night stay.  The suite was in the Club Tower, which was quite a hike from the front of the hotel, but we know that long walks are often to be expected in larger hotels.  When we arrived at our floor, however, the hallway was HOT- as if the air conditioning was broken.  Additionally, there was an unpleasant, musty odor.  While this state improved by the next day, it was still unpleasantly warm and still had a bit of a smell.. . The suite was nice enough. Large, with a couch, chaise lounge countertop, small fridge, and barstool in the living area, and a king sized bed and lounge in the bedroom.  There was one bathroom, with double sinks, and a shower. There was no separate water closet- the toilet was in the area with the shower.  The shower was a bit on the small side for a suite.  The view was of the airport.. . There were a few glitches within the room.  One of the sinks had no water pressure when using hot water- it came out in a trickle.  The worst was the air conditioning unit- it was LOUD.  Every time it kicked on, it was as if a 747 jet engine revved up in our room.  As you can imagine, sleep wasn't all that restful.. . The dining options in the Tropicana are rather limited.  There is a steakhouse, an Italian restaurant, a coffee counter that served Starbucks, and something they called a "food court." The food court was really sad.  It was nothing more than a fast food counter that served up pre-prepared pizza, sandwiches, and burgers along with a frozen yogurt counter.  The food didn't look appetizing, so we always left the hotel to eat.. . For the price we paid for the room plus the upgrade, I would have much rather had a regular room at a nicer hotel. While the Tropicana has improved, it is not a 4 star property.
We got a good deal on Priceline using that name your price deal. When we arrived we also did the $20 tip trick. (we were told we were getting 1 bedon the 3rd floor, but when we asked for any complimentary upgrades, we got upgraded to the 21st floor with a strip view and 2 queen beds.) . . Apparently Tropicana went thru a $180 million dollar renovation. It definitely looks nicer but don't get me wrong it's by far the Wynn or Venetian. Our room was nice, the decor was updated, and the bed and pillows were comfy. . . I gave this place 3 stars for 1) being on the 21st floor you would think you wouldn't hear much of the street noise, but I was wrong. I could NOT sleep because all night I was hearing police sirens.. Not just once or twice... ALL night! Being fairly high up in the hotel I thought the noise level would be somewhat diminished, but it woke me up every time. And also woke my deep sleeper of a sister. 2) no matter how low I made the temp on the air conditioner it never cooled the room down, we were always throwing our covers off complaining about hot it is in the room 3) the shower head was very weak and 4)the casino is fairly small. . . Would I stay here again? I particularly prefer to stay on the north side of the strip. Tropicana is a bit far from a lot of the better areas of the strip. We had to take cabs to most places unless you enjoy walking through all the casinos OR in the heat. The hotel is walking distance to MGM, New York New York, and Excalibur. But, if the prices/rates were decent I might consider it.
Pros:  Rooms are nice size, very clean (except for a few stains on carpet),  nice big bathtub, and plenty of towels.  Cons:  They tried to charge $22 for an early check in, check in line was so long it was ridiculous, the trek from the front of the hotel to the club tower rooms is at least a 5 minute minute walk through the smokey casino! Ice machine didn't work properly, iron leaked water on my clothes and the blow dryer only blew cold air.  I got a good rate on this hotel via Priceline, but I probably won't stay here again based on the long walk to the rooms.  The car valets are also pretty slow and self parking is just as far of a walk. Room service is pretty pricey $40 for a turkey club sandwich and fries!
Staff was super friendly.  I heard they remodeled it.  Very clean room.  Nothing fancy but you get what you pay for.  Better than some high end hotels I have stayed at.
It's Vegas with a Miami vibe/decor. Stayed 3 nights. Was originally going to stay in the Paradise Tower but ended up with a mini upgrade to Club Tower on 18th floor, big corner/quiet room overlooking the pool. Nice big tub/bathroom, great TV, decent sized sitting area, comfortable bed. Yes, it's a bit of a walk to the entrance/casino but if you're a pool person, was a quick ride down the elevator and out the door. Perfect!. . Great pool area because it's not your standard rectangle. It kind of meanders around different areas some which are shaded and also a swim up blackjack table. Also like the fact there's lots of grassy areas to drag your lounge chair onto and not have to sit jam packed like sardines on hot cement. Music is a bit too loud and after 3 days I could tell you what song was going to play at what time because it's on a loop. Can rent giant loungers that remind you of a king sized bed or a cabana. Also has an outside bar and servers which comes in handy. Good pour too although pricey. Had HH at the Ambhar lounge from 4-6 pm.. . Took advantage of the up to $200 free slot play if you lose. Unfortunately I did lose $200+ first night so received $100 play first night, $50 the next 2 nights. Ending up winning overall so it was a no brainer to sign up. Pretty good pay on the video slots & DH won playing blackjack. All employees we dealt with with very nice. Had no problem getting drinks comped no matter where we were playing. Sports book is huge and mostly deserted so easy to place a bet.. . Nice open, airy feel to the whole place. The aroma they pump in is kind of annoying at first but then you don't even smell it after a while. Some nice on site shopping kiosks that aren't too pricey. Didn't eat at any of the restaurants but the menus looked decent. Revamped steak house and new Italian restaurant that had a prix fixe meal at $30. . . Some say it has an "older" clientele. I found it to be be a very well mixed group from young to old and not at all pretentious. They did have dancers up on a table late at night to entice the gentlemen. Not my cup of tea.. . They were just opening a brand new pool area the weekend we left but I hear they're going to charge hotel guests because it's going to be open to the public as a "private" club. It looked beautiful but come on, you're going to charge your HOTEL GUESTS?. . Only complaints I have are:.  Noise level of the music and announcements all over the property and even the live band is incredibly ear shattering. Talked to more than one employee who wished they could wear earplugs. So loud in the Ambhar lounge finally gave up and moved to the bar next to the Sports Book. The first day literally could not talk to the person next to me in the lounge chair at the pool. Also, need a music loop that's longer than the 8-12 hours it currently is. Gets REALLY boring hearing the same music day after day. One of the bartenders said he was going to shoot himself about a month ago if he heard Ricky Martin sing Livin' La Vida Loca one more time :). . Ticks me off to pay a "resort fee". Just raise the room rate. Didn't bring my laptop so that perk was useless. Didn't use the gym.  They say it covers use of the pool. REALLY! Also was supposed to be for printing boarding pass and HH at the bar but I noticed anyone could use these "perks". Stop charging resort fees!. . Not enough older quarter slots. Could find only ONE double diamond machine.. . Would probably stay here again though if I could get a decent rate. Rates 3 1/2 stars.. . Just a quick aside regarding taxis in Vegas: They long haul on a regular basis. Always ask for the "cheapest" route. We paid $14.50 from the airport, friends paid $24 and then we paid $11.10 back. Also got pulled over by the state taxi "police" because a driver was long hauling us from downtown back to the Trop. Bad, bad, bad.
This place is tiny! It really lacks the pizazz of the bigger resorts. Seriously, I don't know how this hotel is a 4-star hotel. Is it because they renovated?!?! It looks like a huge bottle of white-out threw up on the exterior of the place. Also, remind me why I'm paying a resort fee of $14.99 per night?!?! I would have never considered this place a resort. Stupid priceline! I should have never bid on a hotel. LOL. . Anyways, the room was not as updated as I thought it would be. Although the bed was how I like it...white and fluffy with down comforters, the bathroom left much to be upgraded. It felt like a cheesy motel bathroom. The fixtures on the sink and bathroom were not new or shining. And the tiles were an ugly dull yellow color. And surprisingly we had no coffee maker. Really?!?! What happened? Even the maid came by to give us stuff for our coffee maker but our room didn't have one. :/ . Also, on our first night there the ice machine on our floor was outta ice/broken, I'm not sure which one so I made the trek to the 4th...OMG! Seriously...no ice! I had to go up to the 5th floor just to get some ice because when I asked room service they would've charged me 5 bucks to get ice for me. :( Boo! . . They have a food court which I was expecting to see like at Excalibur, Monte Carlo, and New York New York with McDonald's, Starbucks, etc. BUT what you get is like a cafeteria. They have a bunch of menus sitting in front of the cashier for different cuisines and then you wait and wait for your food at the tables provided. My friend ordered a slice of pizza and still had to wait although they have 6 pies waiting under the heat lamp. Yes, seriously! :/ Boo!. . As for gambling, I went around the hotel to see what games they had and came back around in 5 mins. They really don't have a huge gaming floor. Although I did like their offer for new player club members...in slots, (example) if you lose $200 they give you half back ($100) the same day in playing credit. That's not a shabby incentive to gamble more. Of course only for NEW members! Let's start crackin'! :). . I probably won't stay here again because they really didn't have much to offer me, but at least the location is centralized. You can walk across to Excalibur and take the free trams to Mandalay or Luxor. :) Or like me...be glad you have a car rental. LOL
This review has been a long time coming, as I have now stayed at the Trop twice since the renovation.  What brings me back...the price.  The Trop has really cleaned up their act and is now a respectable place to stay.  I like the clean white Miami vibe.  They are really making an effort to keep this hotel alive.  The new furnishings in the room are nice, hallways look great, beds are a major upgrade and comfy, plus new flatscreens & ipod dock.  The only thing I don't like about the new rooms is I just wish they had re-done the tile in the bathroom.  The pool grounds are still gorgeous.  Before the renovation I would say the Trop was on the implode list, but now I hope it stays around a while.
Again like the Luxor, it's undergone and still undergoing some major renovations. I don't know what the rooms look like, but the front desk and some of the gaming area has been newly redone.  And it looks pretty nice, it's no Cosomo nice, but it's no Harrah's bad.. . They are also adding a Bagatelle, which we've all been waiting with baited breath to see how this changes the Nikki Beach debacle that occurred there previously.  This place is infamous for crazy brunches in NYC [Google it] I think it's supposed to open at the end of the month.  But definitely missed pool season on this one.. . Sports book was a lot nicer than I envisioned too, albeit it was subarctic temperatures in there.  The hole casino smells like that carpet Vanilla powder that your mom used to put down before she vacuumed in the 80's, maybe it's just me. But it smells very strongly of vanilla covering up booze and cigs, in other words, not that great.
**Casino Review Only**. . Tropicana has gone through a major a renovation to keep up with the times. The flooring and the ceilings have been upgraded, new paints on walls has a coconut scent pumped throughout the casino. . . Casino: The dealers here are very friendly and lots of action going on in the middle part of the casino. Also they have people that massage you while gambling and plenty drink waitresses when I was gambling the slots.. . The casino renovation has really paid off to fit in with the theme but the coconut scent was just too strong for me, even compared to the Mirage and Mandalay Bay's air scent system. Some parts if the hotel are still in the 70's and 80's area with the low ceilings that would make a 6' person want to bend when walking under it. Also popcorn ceilings are still around so this property has a ways to go with the overhaul.. . The Tropicana is considerd a mid rated casino compared to the surrounding casinos like MGM and Mandalay Bay, so the comps here are pretty generous but have yet to try it because I mostly stay in my base hotel Mirage.. . . Entertainment options can be better and not enough adult attractions for a party a goer but the use to have Nikki Beach but that failed. Tropicana needs more options for the younger crowd if it wants to be reinvent itself as a hip resort.
modest renovations basic and clean...smaller of strip hotels...casino floors miniscule...gambling starting at low $five a hand...odd mix of decks...auto shuffler, continuous shuffler and hand shuffle cards...lesson in roulette from a dealer...didn't realize skill in game of roulette...checking in and a journey to club tower rooms...other end of the hotel...toward beautiful pool and decent beach cafe restaurant...up elevator and to the eleventh floor room...taking two doubles and finding basic comfort...television, desk and plenty for drawers...free wi-fi...no refrigerator...odd bathroom configuration and cramp...corner angled tub and washing...curtains useless and bathroom flooded...possible self mistake...clean and tidy...just basic hotel stay...$twenty-two.thirty-nine resort fee...$one-hundred.eighty-eight room charge after tax...
I could take it or leave it. We were told the rooms would be comped but we were charged a $20 fee when we checked in and then charged the full room rate when we checked out. Gaming area was small but there were lots of slots if that is your thing. The drinks were cheap compared to other casinos if you had to pay for them.
I stayed at the tropicana thanksgiving weekend 2012. The room is very nice. Looks just the pictures posted. It is very clean and looks brand new. There is a coconut smell through out the hotel, its not overwhelming like others say it is. It actually smells pretty good. The food is expensive and ok. I suggest eating somewhere else for less money. The casino does not pay. I won more money at other Casinos. Both tables and slots. So basically if you want a nice room. Stay here. But eat and  gamble some where else.
Never stayed here but have lots if offers to stay for free... No thanks.  It's getting older and even with the renovations there really isn't much action in this place. They do have a nice sports book though.  Also, they are located right next to he MGM and Hooters.
the renovated room is much better than the old ones.  the bed is really comfortable.  the bathroom is outdated (likely did not get renovated).  they do charge you a 'resort fee' which was a surprise since i booked it through priceline.  it's good value for what you are paying for on the strip.
new remodel did them good.. . Rooms smelled of smoke, even though it was non-smoking.  (room 1789). . staff were great though and the location is really good especially if you have a car.  Easy in/out of the strip area
I wanted to like the Tropicana more but it's just Ok, nothing that great. I used to stay here 20 years ago and it was Awesome, but now it's really a 3 1/2 star resort. room smell of smoke evenif non smoking. we paid $70 a night from price line, but didn't know about the $20 resort fee, that's a scam. They did upgrade us to paradise tower w view of strip, room was big and clean. walls seem thin cuz we can here people talking next door. And I can hear a lot of noise from the strip. All in all not bad for $70 on Fri and Sat night.
Good prices most of the time. Rooms are big enough to split between 4 people. Far away from everything else. Need to take a taxi to get anywhere down the strip.  Pool is nice enough
Don't nickle and dime me!  I'm impressed with the renovations, I visited this property about 20 years ago when I was young and had no $$$ for a hotel.  The joke back then was you went to the Tropicana because you couldn't find your regular hotel, rooms were so cheap you could just sleep it off. . . This is not a bad property, the service is very good, front desk staff, efficient and friendly, midweek rates were a bargain.  The pool area is mature, meaning the vegetation and trees, no so much the folks!. . However, you are nickled and dimed, if you want a fridge in your room, extra.  If you want a coffee maker, extra.....if you want coffee pods, extra.......whoa!. . We were in the back tower, furthest from the front desk, so it was about an eight minute walk to our room, but then again, most Vegas hotels are a long walk from front door to hotel room.
HHonors Gold member.  Check in on a Sunday was delayed but compensated by a late Monday check-out (2pm).  . . As a Gold, we were offered a complimentary breakfast for both of us.  Excellent buffet, normally priced at $19.99/person.. . The king bed room inthe Club Tower was sub Doubletree standard and could use upgrade.  Bathroom just didn't feel totally clean, given the musty smell and another guest's hair stuck to the tub walls.  Bed was comfortable.  No coffee maker or fridge.. . I agree with other posters' review of pool.  It is a highlight.. . All said, given the price of room, affiliation with Hilton and its proximity, I would stay here again.
Wow definitely remodeled the place for sure and it looks great. They casino is very bright and welcoming and not dark like most places which is nice. Unfortunately $200 dollar was the main attraction of why I wanted to go.  But you have to loose money in order to get comped like if you spend $200 dollars you get back $50 dollars per day.  Pretty clever but sneaky way to get your money.
I stayed here for a random weekend with my work, it was alright. The hotel is pretty standard, nothing fancy, nothing terrible. The remodel is a little puzzling; I'm not sure if it's 100% completed but there are still some remnants of the old Tropicana like popcorn ceiling, small rooms, slow/hot elevators, small casino, old bathroom tiles, etc. It's a good value for what you pay and the location isn't too shabby..on the strip but at the very end of the strip which can be a good or bad thing for some depending on where on the strip you're trying to kick it. . . I really just used this hotel for a place to sleep. I've stayed at many other hotels on the strip and I prefer to pay $50-$100 more to stay at a larger/nicer hotel...that's part of the Vegas experience in my view. Staying at the Tropicana for me is like staying at a Marriott Courtyard..it's just...standard.
Lets be fair, I paid $40 a night for our room so this is a case of you get what you pay for. Nothing horrendous happened but there were a few annoying things. Check in wasn't to long, but we did wait about 20 min. they really should have water or something for you, it is 103 outside! Our room was clean, all but the toilet, that had fecal matter on the front. Room service apologized and came immediately. We wanted to rent a cabana at the pool, but we asked and called about 5 people and no one could help us. None of the staff really new much about the hotel. What time does the pool close? "I don't know". I feel like that is a basic question you should all have an answer too. I finally found a number and left a message. The cabana guy called me back two days later, as I was leaving. Because they have all the cabanas that are impossible to rent all around the pool all the other chairs are really spread out and you don't really get to lay by the pool. They also shocked the pool around 5:30 and closed it for 45 min, but the pool closed at 7, so most everyone left. I felt that was pretty obnoxious. I have been to way better pools in Vegas, so if your plan is to lay out by the pool go else where.
3 star because compared to this hotel rating (4 stars) and the other ones in South Strip, Tropicana is just a place to sleep. The casino floor is small, the pool is OK, there is no much popular entertainment. The good thing is you do not queue long to check in, the distance from reception to rooms is not too far, not many people by the pool. We walked in MGM, Excalibur, New York hotels located on the same blocks and Tropicana is ridiculously small. We can say that the room is cleaned, the bed comfortable and even if next to the airport we do not hear any planes. The reservation was made through Hotwire and we got a great deal for 2 nights stay from July 1 to 3. Actually we wanted to go to MGM. So go there to avoid the crowd and hassle, and eat in different hotels.
Being locals we normally don't have to wait until the "3pm check in" at most hotels, but this being the Sunday after Independence Day, they said they were backed up. . The bell men were nice when we dropped off our bags. There was a rather long line when we went to check in but could tell they were trying to get the line moving.  A rep from the Hilton Honors desk pulled us over and got us checked in right away. Being locals she even waived the resort fee.. The room was average. The bathroom was 90% remodeled. I say this because the counter was chipped and cracked.  Big tub with great water pressure. The only bad thing in the tub/shower was the shower headwas too low and the drain was located on the side. My husband tripped over it skinning his toe and almost falling out of the shower.. The bed and pillows were heaven. New tv and clock radio with docking for my iphone. . The windows only have plantation shudders so they let the morning light in. Not a good thing after a night of seeing Zumanity and then gambling.. The pool while not fancy or huge is one of the cleanest I have seen in Vegas although the drinks pool side were pretty expensive.
I recently stayed at the Tropicana with 8 other girls for a bachelorette party and it was ridiculous! We were directly beneath a floor they are doing  construction on and was woken by hammering and buzz saws at 7 am on a Saturday! Not to mention the water got turned off while everyone was getting ready for dinner... Those suites they're building better be worth it! The casino itself was pretty nice, forgiving the random construction on yourway to the pool...
** 3 1/2 Stars**. . Came here last week after getting a great deal on priceline. I had read all the reviews so I kinda knew what to expect. The renovation is much better than the old NASTY tropicana, but still nothing spectacular by any means. They rooms, however, are really great for the price. I also had some of the issues that other reviewers noted, but when I mentioned this to the manager, she went a long way to make it right.. . The Casino: It's aiite, but really nothing special. I wouldn't spend any significant amount of time here, but I did gamble for an hour while waiting on my room to be ready. The decor and ambience are all just Blah.. . The room: very nice and sleek. Reminiscent of Old Miami with a modern twist. The bathroom was ok. The shower was a little dingy and old, but clean. The water pressure and temperature were good. They seemed to have fixed many of the things other reviewers had issues with.. . The Pool: It looks WAY nicer in the pictures. It was aiite, not horrible, but nothing too special. Next time I will go to the Wynn pool. . . The restaurant: I had a buffet breakfast here. The omelette bar is amazing and made me one of the best omelettes I have ever had. The rest of the buffet ranged from ok to meh to not good (the undercooked potatoes). Price is a little high for the small selection, but overall an okay buffet.. . The service: several issues.... . 1) Arrived after 12:30pm and was told the room would not be ready until 2:00pm. The lady at the registration desk made several snide comments relating to my not being as classy or needing anything too special. She commented on how I had purchased the room from priceline and the amount I paid. She carefully pointed out the "you break it, you buy it" clause which I needed to sign, and called it the "spring-break clause". She was abrupt and rude with me as well, and repeatedly said "you'll take anything right? You don't care right? You'll take ANYTHING". I was definitely treated differently than other guests who appeared to have booked directly from the hotel or may have paid more. I found it all very offensive. . . 2) I had to work hard to get housekeeping to clean my room, and they didn't do it after all. I flagged them down in my hallway at 3:00pm and asked if they could make my room up. They said they were busy and would get to it after they finish the vacant rooms that people had just left. I asked if they could just make my bed and get me some fresh towels. They said they will come back at 5:00pm. I waited, no one came. I went out at 5:15 and came back at midnight, and no one had been there or done anything.. . 3) On check out day, I wanted to take my time until my 11:00am check-out. At 9:30, I was in the bathroom getting ready to shower when housekeeping came to check on rooms that would be vacated that day. She banged on the door loudly, and when I didn't answer right away (was in the bathroom), she entered! I think 9:30 is too early to check if rooms are vacated yet. . . 4) When I called to complain, it was very hard to reach a manager. The concierge lady I spoke with was rude and almost refused to connect me with a manager. . . 5) After I finally got to speak with the manager, she heard me out and offered me several comps. She was apologetic and told me that they valued my business. She really went out of her way to make up for my experience, which is why I'm giving them 3 1/2 stars instead of 2 1/2. At check out, when the concierge lady (a different one who I had not seen before) found out I had been comped and had booked from priceline, she gave me attitude as well. . . Bottom Line: A very blah and mediocre hotel, and definitely not worth the attitude and poor service. Though it's much better than it used to be, they missed the mark by leaps and bounds.
I have never written a Yelp review and felt I should regarding my recent stay at the hotel. It's been about 10 years since I stayed and the improvements are great. One of my favorite places on the strip due to it's proximity. . . However, I must say I was really turned off by a hostess that stopped by my room about an hour after getting into the room. I received a knock at the door and within 10 seconds the door was being opened. I was greeted by a woman who asked how my stay was so far and if I needed any towels. During this quick conversation I noticed she was scanning my room as if I had dome something wrong. . . A strange encounter and one I have never experienced in all the years of staying in Vegas hotels. Is this done everywhere now? Other than that I had a nice time at this hotel and would have given more stars if not for this experience. Towels after being in the room for an hour?
The tropicana is coming on up, the hotel is doing a lot of work to promote and clean up the exteriors to make it more lively.
First time staying here since renovation. Rooms were ok gotta view of strip but I wouldn't pay over $100 per nite and I believed we did. If I'm gonna pay that kinda money I want a fridge and coffe maker at least. Also we paid for a resort fee we never used. The staff was very friendly and attentive. Location is pretty good. My biggest complaint is with the casino why do they reserve there only Pai Gow table from 6pm until when I check at approximately 2 am on a Friday nite and restrict guests from playing. Shame on you gaming dept you should have at least opened it until the RESV guests showed up. Also it is the only PG table in the whole casino. With that being said I don't think I'll be returning to this hotel again.
A decent hotel minus the problem with the agent at check in. And having to hike forever to the room! Its decent enough for 4 stars but not quite there yet but has potential!! They need to change the parking too :-/ other than that it was a pleasant and clean stay
I came here with my parents who arrived on Sunday morning.  Thankfully we went for brunch and then to my place before checking them in.  We arrived about 2:30pm thinking we could possibly check in a few minutes before the 3pm check in time.  When they say check in is at 3pm, check in is at 3 pm and not a minute sooner.  Those waiting in the lobby started lining up at about 2:45p  The line was through the end of the counter and down the casino.  We finally get checked in and head up to the room on the 11th floor.  Once there the keys to the room didn't work.  Thankfully a housekeeping supervisor walked by and was able to contact the front desk and have a bellmen bring up a new set of keys.  It was almost 4pm when we finally entered the room.. . The room itself was normal 2 double beds, a desk, a couple of chairs.  They did have flat screen TV and the clock radio has an iPhone/Pod jack so you could listen to your own music.  My dad checked out the bathroom and was not impressed with the cleanliness of the floor.  It was as if it wasn't clean. We cleaned up the floor and just carried on.. . Day 2 of the stay, we get back to the hotel and the whole 11th floor smells of lacquer or paint.  We hung out in the room for a while with the windows open.  On our way out for dinner we decide that we should stop at the front desk and ask about the smell.  The front desk clerk asked what room we were in and immediately offered us a new room.  She said someone had released the floor and they should not have booked us in that room as they were remodeling that floor.  We head back upstairs and move ourselves to the other room on the 16th floor.. . The rest of the stay was nothing out of this world. I did like that they had nice blinds on the windows and that you could open the windows about 2 inches for fresh air.  . . Would I stay here again, I'm not sure.  I do know that they are remodeling so that is a plus and something I would consider for the future.
The last an only time I had stayed at the Tropicana prior to this trip was about 10 years ago before the renovations, it was pretty awful back then!. . My husband found a great deal on hotwire, and I had heard a lot about the renovations that had been done so we decided to give it another shot. It is definitely much improved, though not up to par with a lot of the other swanky hotels on the strip. It's by no means swanky! But it was clean, the rooms were comfortable and surprisingly quiet.
This was my first stay at the Tropicana and according to my man, also the last. I was told that the Tropicana was once a dump that has now been newly remodeled. Well there are three things that I think they still need to remodel.. . 1. I didn't like the smell of the hotel. It was something vanilla based that just kinda turned my stomach.. . 2. Our shower was shit. It took 7 minutes for the water to get warm enough for me to get in. As soon as I got in the shower, the water turned cold again within five minutes. Also, the shower head really needed to be replaced. There was barely any water coming out. The drain also must have been clogged because the water began to form a small pond at my feet and there was some sort of permanent stain on the shower floor. My man took a shower this morning and got no hot water at all.. . 3. I don't gamble, but the casino was small and mediocre, lacked the excitement that some of the others have and seemed slow moving.. . I would say that I'd come again, but babe vetoed that.
Stayed during the Holiday Kick Start 4 days 3 nights at a real good price! Hotel is less smokey and way brighter (light) than any other casino. I like the fact that they cater to Hilton Honors member that was why I choose this hotel. It was my first stay, only they took customers before us 0-O? whats the point of catering to your members if you going to ignore them. The rooms were nice we got three and two were conjoined. Only thing was i had a stain on my caret (spot treatment) and the bathrooms were remolded but they kept the old tubs by the looks of it were had scratched, stained and black spots in both our rooms! Not an awful place to stay the valet service was quick. I felt inconvenienced when the Justin Timberlake concert started during our stay we had to show our key cards to go up and down the elevator!
The Trop is now a Hilton property - a Doubletree to be exact. I'm not particular about where I stay in Vegas, so on a recent weekend trip there I decided to book here since it was on special for 20% off. The rooms are large and the bathroom is spacious as well. I loved that you can open the windows and the fancy shutters on them.. . pros: a separate check in line for all HH members and a separate room for Diamond and other VIPS, separate breakfast area for HH members (smaller buffet plus omelets), cookie coupons (those cookies are damn good), great location.. . cons: if you're a HH member, the $20 resort fee is a bummer since you'd get those benefits anyways.. . Overall, if the price is right, this is a great place to stay on the Strip.
This review is for the Paradise Tower.. . Some positives :. - The rooms and inside of the hotel have been refurbished. It's clean & bright.. - Upgraded carpeting in hallway of each floor and in the rooms. - Newer paint. - New plantation shutters. - The beds were comfy enough. - Free Wi-Fi, but technically it's included in the $20 hotel/resort service fee which one pays on top of the actual nightly fee (which also includes "free" parking). . Some negatives :. - The rooms didn't have a complete makeover. I believe the bathtub (noticed some chipping on the surface) & shower heads weren't upgraded. Only the vanities, toilets, wall finishes, some fixtures and probably flooring were upgraded.. - The room still has some leftover cigarette smell/odor especially thru the ventilation duct (when the A/C was turned on) and even inside the closet, eventhough the room was for non-smoking. Opening up the room's window helped a bit in allowing some fresh air.. - Lack of power outlets in the room.. . Overall, decent price for a refurbished hotel on the strip (just a bit south).
