This place is okay...it's not great, not bad.  We were staying at the MGM for a bachelorette party, and this was convenient.  I wouldn't go out of my way to dine here.  . Of course, being that we were at a bachelorette party, we came here for late night.  Truffled Potato chips were good, so were the crispy fried calamari.  Nothing is WOW, but it's actually pretty good drunk food.  Add a glass of wine, and more drunkedness = good sleep.
its probably the only restaurant open late inside the MGM grand besides the mcdonalds. who wants to eat at a mcdonalds anyway when youre visiting vegas?! thats like wanting to stay at a motel 6!. back to the restaurant, i like the decorated glass they have around. they gave complimentary bread with whipped butter. the food was not the best, it was good. pizzas were 10", had a thick crust, and filling. . staff was friendly and attentive, a plus!
Not bad, but like everything else in Vegas these days: over-priced. I had a pizza, many at my table had the burger. The burger looked quite good. The pizza was fine, but nothing special. Of all the restaurants we ate at in the MGM, we liked the atmosphere here best. It's great for people watching.
Oh Wolfgang Puck! I went here on a trip to Las Vegas with my friend. The appetizer chicken wings are to die for! YUM YUM YUM!. . I came here twice so I had the Chicken Milanese which was alright but could've been better and a Seafood linguine that was a bit too peppery for my liking.. . Go for the chicken wings though, they are great!
***Not as expensive or overpriced as the many celebrity chef restaurants in Las Vegas (though still pricey), Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill is a decent spot that serves satisfying (though not great) food***. . Despite the many well-known restaurants (especially those backed by celebrity chefs) in Las Vegas, there are not many that are open for lunch.  That is what makes Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill, which is located on the casino floor of the MGM hotel, so convenient.  I believe it is open all day and Wolfgang Puck utilizes better ingredients than a lot of its daytime sit-down competition.. . Despite its convenience, Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill is just an okay restaurant (not a great one).  Most of the dishes are fine and taste good, but I have yet to have something here (in my 3 visits) that felt noticeably better than the food other good Vegas restaurants put out.. . Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill sits smack down in the middle of the casino.  It is pretty open to the casino with no big walls.  Maybe it was where we sat or that the casino was not that busy, but the smoke-filled casino did not feel that obtrusive here.  The decor has the look of a bright cafe with light yellow and golden brown colors and nice but casual tables and chairs.. . We started with the truffled (strong truffle flavor) potato chips, which were topped with a chunky and rich Maytag blue cheese sauce.  The housemade chips were flavorful and seasoned right but unevenly crisp--some were crisp and some were soft (some chips were made even softer / soggier due to the heavy coating of blue cheese).  Overall, it was an okay starter though you may want to steer clear if you are not a fanof blue cheese.. . We also shared the Chinois Chicken Salad, which was tossed with candied peanuts, crisp wontons and a Chinese mustard vinaigrette.  Overall, it was a flavorful and fresh salad with a good balance of ingredients, but it was not as good as the original Chinois Chicken Salad from Chinois on Main in Santa Monica.  The reason was that the salad was over dressed.  It kind of lost its crispness and it was overdressed in the vinaigrette (too soggy).. . For my entree, I had the BLT, which included maple glazed pork belly, arugula, vine ripe tomatoes, and avocado on buttered sourdough toast.  The pork belly was sweet and flavorful.  I thought it was going to be braised and soft (and then crispy on the outside); however, the pork belly here lacked that tender texture.  Instead, the pork belly's texture was more dense like thick bacon or lean spare ribs.  It was still good, but I would have preferred a thicker piece of braised (tender) pork belly over the spare rib-like texture here.. . The lettuce, tomato and avocado were all fine.  Like the potato chips, the sandwich was heavily dressed.  I was not a big fan of the sourdough.  The bread was okay, but it was over-buttered and slightly greasy.  The BLT came with a side of cold vegetable pasta salad, which was a standard cold pasta salad.. . I tried my friend's kabocha pumpkin tortellini with sage brown butter, toasted hazelnuts and parmesan.  I had a very similar pumpkin tortellini dish at Drago Ristorante in Santa Monica.  The pasta dish at Wolfgang Puck was flavorful and pretty good (probably the best thing we had here).  That being said, I liked Drago's version better because it was lighter, had a more subtle flavor and was less complicated.. . Service was very good.  The waiter Jeremy was a very nice guy.  He was pleasant and friendly as well as enthusiastic and passionate about the food.  Food came out at a good pace and the staff was attentive.. . Prices for lunch were okay.  There were several options here that were around $20 or less.  You would pay about the same at some of the Las Vegas cafes, but I imagine you are more likely to walk away satisfied if you spent your money here.. . Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill has convenient hours and puts out tasty (though not remarkable) food.  I've been here a few times and the restaurant has shown a lot of consistency in delivering (at the very least) decent food.  That is what makes Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill a decent and safe option for lunch in Las Vegas.  . . The MGM Grand hotel provides complimentary parking (both valet and self-parking via a parking structure).
Our party of 4 enjoyed a great lunch. We started with white peach belini's. My pizza with hot peppers was tasty. Service was good.
While we picking up our tickets for KA, we walked by this place and thought it'll be a great place for a late snack,something light but still have space for dinner. . We ordered their pizza, i forgot what it was called but all I can say was that the dough was fresh and very flavorful.
Tried to make a reservation online through Yelp, but it said there were no reservations available between 7 and 8 pm. I called the place and had no trouble at all getting a reservation for 7 people at the time I wanted.. . This place is in a high traffic part of the casino so it's also really loud, which was intensified by an obvious bachelorette party seated next to us, lol. . . The service was less than stellar and I had to ask for bread 3 times, when it seemed to constantly be coming out to all the other tables automatically. Three of us at the table ordered this fancy-sounding Pink Lady Apple & D'Anjou Pear Salad. The presentation was nice and it tasted pretty good. Not the cheapest food but not terribly overpriced.
The food was great. The "Caesar" salad with Bibb Lettuce was an excellent concept perfectly executed.  The Gnocchi was so good it made up for the gluey mess I had at an Italian restaurant in Miami a couple of weeks ago. BUT... even though this is reasonable fair by Casino standards it is still too expensive for the indifferent service we received. Drinks took forever... I was halfway through my salad. The waiter managed to ignore us even though we were seated right next his computer station!
Good. . Watch out for GIANT portions. If you have an app - split an entree. Unless you're starving. . Service was decent. By that I mean - our server was wonderful, but the hostess that made the rez was m-yeh. . I tried the chips w bleu cheese (good if a bit greasy), he had the tuna tartare (overpowered by the sesame chip, but fun to eat).. He had the bbq chicken pizza, I had the crispy chicken milanese. The pizza was a surprising combo, it was good, but it did get slightly soggy, too much sauce maybe? I loved the salad that came with mine it was wonderful, if a bit over dressed. Arugula, spinach, various baby tomatoes (heirloom?), and parmesan. The chicken was good but a little salty, and though our waitress said she loved the sauce it wasn't my fav, which is fine, there was a bit of lemon to squeeze over the chicken, it worked. And - I had to leave a whole piece of chicken. Too much food, and when you have a thing about food going to waste...
It was close to 10pm midweek in Vegas and we were both starving and desperately needing something for dinner. We walked past this restaurant and decided to give it a shot. The decor was beautiful and from the moment we walked in the service was superb. Looking at the menu I was excited to try a number of things. I settled on their house sangria, bbq chicken pizza and the blue cheese truffle chips. As soon as J heard that red snapper was the fish special of the day he knew he had to order it. We were both really impressed with the truffle chips, they melted in my mouth and I could have made an entire meal out of them. When we got our entrees I dug into the bbq chicken pizza which was good but nothing outstanding. J's excitement about the red snapper quickly faded when he realized it was completely raw on the inside. We notified the server and he quickly whisked it away to get a new piece of fish cooked. About 15 minutes later he came back with another piece of fish and had J cut into it while he was standing there and sure enough the fish was raw again. Another 15 minutes later he came back out and the fish was no longer raw (yay) but as J was eating it he didn't have much to say except for the fact that it was now so overcooked that it was dry and had lost most of the flavor. By this time it was late, he was hungry and didn't want to wait for yet another piece of fish so he still ate it. A few minutes after finishing our entrees we got a surprise from our server who brought us coffee and a phenomenal chocolate souffle on the house due to the errors with the fish. It was a really nice touch by our server because he truly did seem frustrated for us with how messed up the fish kept being. I want to try this place again next time we are in Vegas because the service was top notch, but hopefully the food will be more consistent next time
Five of us dined, one of us received undercooked pasta and had to wait until everyone else had finished their dinner to receive theirs. Overall the food was delicious but not on my list to return to anytime soon.
This is a solid spot for decent food that won't kill your wallet. And, they are open until the wee hours, which made my friend and I very happy at approximately 3am on Saturday. We ordered the calamari, which was super tender and delish, served with a pesto cream sauce and a little salad. The meatball pizza was also quite tasty. . . I returned today to get some soup to-go since I have a nasty cold, and the service at the bar left a lot to be desired. The bartender only cared about the people who were eating at the bar and ordering drinks. I saw my order sitting on the counter, unnoticed by this guy for several minutes, and grew more and more annoyed. Finally, I asked the barback to grab the bag for me and off I went, a little pissed that I had bothered to tip the bartender at all.
Was looking for a place to get a gourmet sandwich and a beer.  I guess you can't really go wrong in anywhere in Vegas except for the prices.  . . I enjoyed my roast beef sandwich:  My sandwich was: Roast Beef Panini, Sourdough Baguette, Horseradish Aioli, Watercress, Smoked Gouda, Hand Cut Potato Chips. . . My wife ordered the Chicken Salad Sandwich, Cherry-Pecan Bread, Alfalfa Sprouts, Mixed Organic Lettuces and thought it was amazing.
26$ hamburger was great after a night of partying. This one good thing about this place is that it is open to 5am.
I had the truffle potato chips, steamed mussels, italian sausage oven brick pizza and three cheese mac n cheese. Overall The food was appetizing although I think the prices were a little high. Service was great. We didn't have a reservation and they still say us quickly.
Not bad but I have had better pizza, in a lot of places and at better prices. I bet you WP has been to this place only for its opening :)
This restaurant is located between slot machines in the MGM Grand. . . The service was very friendly. . . The food was okay. Minimal vegetarian options (I asked). I had the margarita pizza. The flavor was standard, but the pizza was quite greasy, oil running off of it. The flavor did not wow me. Boyfriend had a pork sandwich, he said it was pretty good. We agreed on 3 stars, nice staff, really cute decor, and delicious sweet tea, but food fell short of expectations.
We had some late dinner here post- Cirque on a Saturday night. . We ordered a salad (I forgot what kind, but remember it was tasty) and the mushroom pizza. If you don't like mushrooms, which I don't, don't convince yourself that the mushroom pizza will have a little mushroom on it. Because it will come to you fully covered in mushrooms and you will not enjoy it. The crust was good, the pizza was generally oily. . This place is just alright. The prices are good compared to what else you have around.
I visited this restaurant located within the MGM Grand on a fairly busy Saturday night. We were seated without waiting and promptly served. The staff were friendly and provided average service. I ordered a pasta dish and was unfortunately unsatisfied. For a Wolfgang Puck restaurant, I expected to be wowed by seasoning, flavor, and taste. However, the dish was fairly bland and lifeless. This restaurant is a bit pricey considering the lack of zest. Three stars for cleanliness, convenience, good staff, and ambiance. However, I will not be returning.
Had lunch here. . It's a beautiful restaurant that opens out to the casino.. . Chinois Chicken Salad - had this many times before.  It's a good medley of greens topped with crispy wonton strips and candied peanuts.  I wish the dressing was a bit more flavorful, but overall it's a good salad with lots of moist chicken!. . BLT - husband had to order this because the menu described it as pork belly.. . It looked scrumptuous as the thick bacon, arugula, and tomatoes were between two grilled pieces of sourdough.  IMO, the sandwich was decent but could have tasted WAY better if there was some sort of maple glaze and smokiness to the bacon.  It tasted rather bland...  The side pasta salad was delicious tho!  It was tossed with salume, feta chesses, and some veggies.. . Oh, and the appetizer calamari was pretty good.  It arrived looking a little undercooked but it did have a rather nice crunch to it.  The aoili dipping sauce was a wonderful accomaniment to the calamari!. . Prices are decent and I think it's a good spot for lunch, especially if you're here for a convention...... Well, you really have no other choice because all the other places are open only for dinner.. . Guess I'd be back, but only if I had not other choice... Or on someone else's dime =)
Excellent service and a fair menu selection. Overall, we found the food to be quite bland.  . . We ordered:. - Chopped Vegetable Salad, Feta Cheese, Garlic Croutons, Creamy Greek Dressing, . - Butter Lettuce "Caesar Salad", Humboldt Fog Cheese, Garlic Croutons, White Anchovies, and . - Wood Oven Roasted Mushrooms, Broccolini, Leeks, Thyme, Taleggio. . The pizza was cooked just perfectly; not too limp, not too crunchy.  The crust was a bland white dough, void of any flavor.. . The salads were the same.  You would expect at least the "Caesar Salad" to be vibrant with flavor, but it was not.  . . To reiterate, everything was good, but not great.  We expected more of Wolfgang Puck.  What made this restaurant a standout was the great service of the staff.  They were all excellent.
If you are staying at the MGM Grand or stopping in to gamble, this is a great place to eat. It isn't necessarily the swankiest restaurant the MGM/Vegas has to offer, but it does offer you great Wolfgang Puck food, attractive people and okay service. I ordered the beef skewers, which were amazing to say the least. The only reason I did not give it 4-5 stars was do to the fact that this is Vegas and there are high standards and many other amazing restaurants for the same price.
It was the morning after a drunken night. Wolfgang Puck is known for their pizzas and pastas, but here we are trying to fight the hangover with anything else. It is located in the lobby of the MGM Casino. You are in the middle of the casino when dining here, so be prepared for the same smoke odor you get at the poker tables. This place is not known for breakfast food but here we are at the cusp of lunch, which is also when they open for the day. The best way to fight a hangover, oily food. A mistake, really, for this place at least.. . -=-Reuben-=- Not the greatest Reuben. It's a bit expensive for what you get. Rye is not the tastiest bread, but coupled with the tasteless meat cut of the corn beef and the overly spread mayonnaise, it's not gonna be good eatin for today. It was super oily for what it was. I probably wouldn't dine here again, but that famous name of familiarity will attract customers again and again.
Had lunch here with six of my coworkers today while in town for the LinkedIn Talent conference. The food was good (read: PORK BELLY BLT), our server was nice, drinks were brought out quickly and water was filled promptly. However, the service was SUPER slow. and I don't mean the kitchen was slow. I mean we all almost finished our drinks and then some, and our food order had still not been taken yet. And it was definitely not crowded at all while we were there. Open tables abound!. . We ate family style (cuz that's how we roll). Food rating:. . Sausage pizza: Good. Although we did not see actual sausage bits on it. Looked a lot like the. Sopresata pizza: Also good. Tasty!. Fuji Apple salad: Pretty darn good. Crisp and light.. Chips: AWESOMENESS. Covered in melty cheesy goodness with bleu cheese chunks and parsley. Nom Nom Nom. Pork Belly BLT: The absolute shiznit. Orgasmically delicious. I deconstructed that bitch and ended up just eating the meat. Hella good! Almost good enough to earn Wolfgang another star, but my feet hurt from walking to and from the conference and all over McCarran airport, in 5 inch heels and I am not in a giving mood right now.. Pineapple ginger mojito: Good, but I'd prefer the. Raspberry lemon drop: Really good if lemon drops are your thing. They're not MY thing, but this one was pretty damn good (like how I like my men: strong, and able to quench my thirst).. . Our server was really really nice though, and accommodated us by splitting our bill three ways (for ease of company expensing later). Employees were nice and smiled and greeted us as we came/left. Overall, good experience. Had a good time with the work peeps - The only downside was the wait , so minus one star, especially because we ran the risk of being late to the first session of the conference. To be clear I started with four stars because the food overall was not so great to give it five.. . Three stars, covered in braised pork belly!
Good pizza and pasta.  Nice atmosphere.  Solid but nothing special.
i stayed at the MGM so we had dinner at one of the hotels restaurant, we decided on wolfgang puck...it was about 3/4 full on a saturday night, we got to walk in w/o reservations...that was very helpful since we had a party of 10.... . the bread basket was one of the best parts of my meal...they give u 3-4 differ types of bread...i got to try the pizza which was OK but def didnt make my list of favorites...the clam linguine had some thick pieces of thick bacon...i think there was too much bacon which made the pasta dish too salty but thats a personal preference...i'm sure some people would enjoy it more than me....i got the mushroom aglotoni pasta...nice consistency, mild in flavor and decent amount of wild mushrooms so this was one of the best picks on the evening.... . service was a bit slow...we had to constantly flag down our server to request for refills, other condiments, etc... the server seemed like she was being busy running around to other tables so she wasnt being lazy...but the fact that we had to be the ones flagging her down multiple times rather than she just coming to check in on us once in a while made the dinner experience less appetizing.... . prices are not bad for being inside a major casino....i wouldnt mind coming back again..overall well rounded restaurant....i do like the mgm hotel so i will see you again soon mr.wolfgang
Typical Vegas overpriced restaurant.  The food was great, but the prices were pretty high for what you are getting.  The pizzas are good and the service is pretty good as well.  I know high prices are expected in Vegas, but come on.
Reliable place for good eats.  I had the chicken salad sandwich which was nice and flavourful.  Service was kind of apathetic, which disappointed me a tad, especially since the place wasn't that busy.  However, it's nice to have a dependable option for food on the Strip when your party can't come to a decision within a reasonable time frame!
Tricky Tricky Mr. Puck.... . I stopped by to eat with some friends while staying at the MGM Grand. It is one of the more visually pleasing restaurants in the hotel. But Ah! Don't be fooled by the fancy shmancy set up.  . The design/layout is what lures you in, but the food and service don't coincide with the "ooh lala" look and feel of the restaurant.. . Roasted Chicken Pizza (Roasted Chicken, House BBQ Sauce, Corn, Pasilla Peppers, Red Onions, Cilantro):. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=H5RWZB8RrQoK6RevxxDAzw&userid=B8CqppjOne8X4RSJ5KYOvQ. *I thought this pizza was good, but it wasn't above average. The crust was too hard for my taste and the BBQ sauce was overwhelming after awhile. I can usually fit about 3 (or 4 or even 5 on a good day) slices of pizza in my belly but I got tired after 1 and 1/2. That is so not like me. Even my boyfriend said, "You don't want anymore?" with a surprised look on his face. lol He knows I love me some pizza pie!. . Apple PIe (Oatmeal Crumble, Cinnamon Ice Cream, Caramel Sauce):. *The oatmeal crumble was a nice touch, but I didn't love the crust or the apple filling. I've had better. The cinnamon ice cream was good.. http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=qSKv1xTclyWYmPZo2iylKg&userid=B8CqppjOne8X4RSJ5KYOvQ. . The service is what really ruined the experience for me. We spent a lot of time waiting, especially for the food and for the check at the end of the meal. Our waitress wasn't very friendly either. It bothers me when waiters or waitresses just take their time dilly dallying like the rest of us don't have things to do. I needed to get ready for the David Copperfield show dammit! lol . . Overall, not the best but it's okay.
I ate lunch at Bar & Grill on Thursday during the first day of the NCAA tourney.  I sat at the bar, which was served by a single bartender.  She appeared to be VERY busy to the point I think they should have had someone else over there.  But, for the most part, she managed.  I didn't have to wait on water refills or anything like that.  But, she was in need of some help I think.. . I had the BBQ chicken panini with fries.  On the side, I requested the maytag blue cheese sauce they served with their potato chip appetizer.  The sandwich was very good, and large.  The onions were caramelized nicely and the sauce was more sweet, but didn't totally lack for flavor.  I prefer things a little spicier.  The fries were thin and had herbs sprinkled on them.  They needed salt and pepper, and were really good when those were added.  Large order.. . The maytag blue cheese sauce is crazy good.  They clearly just made it, as the bowl was warm and there were still a couple of chunks of cheese that hadn't melted.  The blue cheese flavor comes through and the herbs they add complement it well.  This is an excellent dipping sauce, get it if you come.  They charged me $3.33 for it, which was fine, but I was not told that when I ordered it.  So, that was surprising to find on the bill, but it's worth it.  I just would prefer they mention it when I ordered it.. . The beer selection left a lot to be desired.  Only 6 on tap.
In Vegas it's never too late for dinner or for a meal.  I think it was about 11pm by the time we ate and they were ready to feed us.  . . The food itself isn't anything that would stand out, I had the salmon and I wouldn't say it was great or bad, it was just okay.  Nothing much to say aside from I satisfiedthe hunger that I had.
The food is good. C'mon, it's Wolfgang Puck! I honestly haven't ever had a bad meal at any of his restaurants (I've been to many). And, it's absolutely true here.. . We started with the truffle potato chips with maytag blue cheese sauce. These were a little light on the truffle oil but they made up for it in blue cheese. There was plenty of chips on the plate for the two of us to share.. . My wife thoroughly enjoyed her grilled salmon which was moist and flaky. I had the flat iron steak which was very tender and cooked perfectly. I savored each bite with a little of the maytag blue cheese sauce left over from the potato chips. Delish!. . The staff is friendly and very efficient. Our server was smiling all the time. Unfortunately, she also didn't check back on us after we started our meal (she showed up immediately after we were served to make sure it "looked" okay).. . Maybe I hold Puck to higher standards but this restaurant and meal wasn't particularly memorable. I was expecting outstanding and got good. Most of the time that's good enough for four stars. But not a pricey high-profile celeb chef restaurant in Vegas. It's a very solid three.
This place is ok. We sat at the bar and had appetizers and bloody marys. We had the fried calamari and antipasti platter. The platter needs a few more slices of bread to break up all the tasty meat. The calamari and dipping sauce were fantastic. A bit overpriced, but so is Vegas now a days.
I like this place personally.  However, I've seen several people not eat what they were served.  That's a bad sign.  I noticed one patron who got an undercooked hamburger and left half of it uneaten.  I also noticed one patron who got tough steak skewers.  For the price, they really should have better consistency.  However, I've always enjoyed my meal.  The space is a bit cramped at the bar.  It seems the space wasn't well planned.  Casinos need more bar space as there are a lot more single patrons.  It's like casino planners think the more slots they have the more customers they will have.  I've never seen a person choose (from the dozens of places to go) the venue based on the number of available slots (there are always hundreds available).  However, my friends and I usually start the night off with a meal, so the better the restaurant choices, the more likely we'll start off there.
This place is a bit expensive but all our entrees were great. You have to try the rare tuna. Unfortunately our waiter was horrible. After waiting nearly an hour for a check or refill, we managed to track him down chatting with a table of friends. Hey I understand he is trying hard to get a date, but not at the expense of blowing off the rest of his tables. Like the rest of MGM Grand, this place lacks customer service.
The food was very good and priced well, would have given 4 stars if the waiter had been a little more interested in his job rather than flirt with the hostess.
Okay-- I am writing my review strictly on the bar area. I went there on a Wednesday night after watching KA. This was probably my mistake.. . I could not get anywhere near this bar to get a drink. It was like a straight bum rush to the bar. The bartenders looked a little overwhelmed.. . It was not even worth trying. I am sure they make great drinks here and I would love to come back and get a drink that was made without a rush. I would also like to sit and enjoy it. Maybe they should put up a cattle guard for all of the people leaving the show and only allow a few at a time.
------------LATE NIGHT ONLY----------. If you're super hungry and you left Hakksan way too early (because it wasn't great), then this is located in the MGM and you can eat your heart out here. Service is super attentive and really friendly. Restaurant is open and clean. The food is okay but it does hit the spot when you're starving.
While almost all of my reviews are planned ahead of time through my always growing to-do list, every once in a while I end up at a random restaurant with clients and the chance to try a random burger. Such is the case with Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill, which is where I ended up at recently. Historically this scenario ends in disaster; I hate succumbing to peer pressure and ordering the default burger on some menu because I'm the 'burger guy' and everyone wants to watch me eat one, but in this case it actually turned out fairly well.. . Located in the back corner of the casino near the Cirque theater and Robuchon, Puck is a large space that's very open to the loud surrounding casino. A minimal railing and some decorative elements define the perimeter of the restaurant, but it's mostly open to the slots and bright lights of everything around it. Picture your typical casino cafe setting filled with tourists and conventioneers. There are both lunch and dinner menus available depending on the time of day, and it seems like they are almost identical with maybe a few less items on the dinner menu. They both feature soups, salads, apps, pizzas and many main courses. Both also offer the Grilled Prime Burger with Vermont cheddar, smoked onion marmalade and fries, and that's exactly what I was pressured into ordering.. . The bun was a bit too thick and dry, but acceptable with prominent poppy seed and onion flavors. It kind of reminded me of the bun I had at BurGR recently, but not as well proportioned; the bun to meat ratio was off as I had a good crescent shape of bun left over at the end. The meat was cooked a little more than medium rare, but seasoned well and had a good fresh beefy flavor. There was a bit too small of a topping of an almost cole slaw with shredded lettuce and onions on top, and two small tomatoes. The cheddar was melted well, but didn't stand out too much. The star and prominent flavor was the onion marmalade, both during and after my meal; it was sweet and had a good strong onion flavor. This was a very messy burger between the marmalade, mayo below and slaw juices, but overall way better than I anticipated.. . The fries were also decent; your typical skinny variety cooked well with some skins and no oily flavor. This is both surprising and sad, as some strict burger joints I go to can't even get fries right these days. All of my pleasant surprises aside, I do have a major problem with the $17 price tag for this burger. Given the fact that most of the main courses on the lunch menu range from $20-39 a $17 burger seems ok, but I would counter with the argument that all of these prices are far too high and this is once again a case of a Strip restaurant taking advantage of the convention/tourist crowd while utilizing the name of a famous chef. So while this was admittedly a good burger, I wouldn't send you specifically to the MGM Grand to try it unless you already happened to be there and don't mind overpaying for it. Plus, with Mina's new 1842 about to open including hopefully a far superior burger, there will be better alternates on site.
This was ok, not great and not terrible.  I came in around 1030 pm and it was still very busy.  Of course, it's Vegas and the MGM casino area.  The burger and fries were decent, needed seasoning.  The guy bartender was friendly and the girl bartender was like " can I get you a drink, will you be dining with us, model runway turn, and she says the same thing to the next guy.  How about some originality.  Speak like a human not a robot.  The bar wasn't busy, just the dining room.  Ketel one up was good but I asked for it ice cold and three olives.  I got Luke warm and two olives.  Not a huge deal but it shows a lack of attention to detail or maybe a lack of caring when somebody asks for something from a bartender or server.  Won't be back anytime soon.
We were staying at MGM and walked by Wolfgang Puck Bar & Grill a few times. Finally, a couple hours before my bittersweet flight back to California, we figured why not. Plus we were short on time too.. . Strange to say that the decor was actually quite elegant and simple, especially since it was right smack in the casino, but while in the Wolfgang Puck bubble, you'd nearly forget that there's a casino all around it. . . Our server was very accommodating and funny, without being obtrusive.. . The menu isn't overwhelming and a fwe items actually caught my attention. We ordered the corn chowder soup, burger with avocado and bacon with fries, organic chicken with veggies and yukon gold potatoes and the vanilla creme brulee.. . The bread basket was a great way to start the meal, crusty, warm, doughy bread with a ton of soft slightly salted butter. They had an olive bread too whichw was just OK. The soup wasn't spectacular, it was more soup and less chowder in terms of consistency, but was flavored well either way.. . Our entress looked yummy. I will admit though that the burger looked much more appetizing. Generous serving of fresh avocado and thick cut bacon atop that burger. Pretty sure he liked it. The chicken was seasoned nicely, tender and moist, although nothing to write home about.  I should have opted for either pizza or a burger as well.. . I'm typically a huge fan of creme brulee, but this particular dish was missing the vanilla part of its name, and was very eggy less custardy, if that makes sense. Actually didn't finish it if you can believe that. . . Overall, I would have probably fancied my meal better had I ordered something else, but that's what second reviews are for.
We came here twice. . . The first time, we came here for supper at around 12+ am. We ordered the tuna tartare and steamed black mussels. The tuna tartare was really good, definitely a must try. The black mussels was slightly salty and the toast with bearnaise didnt really work. Neither did the fries with bearnaise/ ketchup sauce. Actually, everything just tasted extremely salty that night, even the bread.. . Since we were fans of mussels, we decided to give it another chance by coming here for lunch again. This time, the mussels were perfectly cooked (although the toast, fries and bearnaise still didnt work). We also ordered the crab cakes which were so amazing - this is how crab cakes should be done!! The grilled shrimps on the capellini were also pretty good.. . The service, however, really needs some work. They were either too eager to clear our plates, or didnt bother to clear them at all. The waiters are slow, and it is extremely difficult to catch their eye. . . I would come back not for the service, but for the appetisers and mussels and almost round the clock opening hours. Then again, I'm biased towards mussels. I'm giving this place a 3.5 stars, but am picking 3 for the crappy service.
My husband and I were craving pizza so this seemed like the ideal spot to have dinner. Once we arrived and were seated, it took 10 minutes for our waitress to even come to our table. Once she arrived she didn't even apologize for the wait or ask how out evening was. If the costumer service was better, we would have enjoyed our dinner a lot better. FYI the bus boys were awesome, and food was good!
I see your true colors. And that's why I love you. So don't be afraid to let them show. Your true colors at...WGP Bar and Grill! - Michelle Chamuel (true colors cover). . Hard to go wrong with a place with late night dining available and has WG's name attached to it. I spent a while looking at the menu and finally ordered the Crispy Chicken Milanese (breaded) with a side of arugula and cherry tomato salad. The mustard sauce to pour over the chicken was yummy. The chicken was solid as well.. . Although this dish was not entirely exciting to be eating in VEGAS BABY, it was a safe option. Like I said, it's open all night so when the options of places to eat goes down, I would say this is better than going to your standard 24 hr. hotel cafe.
The best service ever! The food was okay. Maybe I didn't order the best dishes there. Great for people watching since the restaurant is open and located right in front of the Ka Theater at the MGM Grand.
Food tasted good but the server we had was so bad! He didn't come back to take our orders. For a really long time. He only came over because his boss noticed us staring around finally. Then after he took our order I saw him roll his eyes as he started to walk away. At the end of the meal he literally hovered over and over again while I wrote the tip and signed the credit card slip.
The rib eye steak was great but the pasta for clam linguini was definitely undercooked. I was really close to asking them for a new plate but it was too late and i was too tired to wait for another 30 minutes just for a mediocre pasta dish. I did let them know about this and they gave us a dessert on the house, but I'm probably not going back there even if I stay at mgm.
Came here a couple of nights ago because my mom is in town and staying at the MGM Grand and did not want to go to another property after arriving. I originally suggested we try Pub 1842, but we decided to eat here upon suggestion of the friend she came with. . The menu choices are okay, but not great in my opinion. There is mostly pizza and pasta with a couple other choice such as a burger or a steak. I try to stay away from foods containing gluten, so there weren't much options for me to chose from as I didn't want to pay that much for a steak.. I ended up getting the Heirloom Tomato Caprese from the appetizer menu for $17. It was good, but I don't think it was really worth $17 and I was hungry a few hours later.. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't great.. I think I would rather go somewhere else.. My mom and her friend got the burger and she said it was pretty good.
Food is a 4. Service is a 2 for bring sloppy. We were a party of 8 w reservations and they seated us at a very uncomfortable high table and chairs and told us it was the only available for 30i minutes. We had ordered two appetizers to share and they didn't bring them out. When they brought our entrees, I told them to cancel out appetizers. Later they brought out appetizers!! And still charged us for them even though we barely touched them. . . But my snapper entree was very good, everyone else enjoyed their entrees  and my group enjoyed the bread basket. . . We ate here because we were going to a show at the MGM afterwards.. . The services was so embarrassingly sloppy, I doubt we want to be made to feel so bad again by coming back.
The food was good. Ordered a pizza and truffle potato chips with blue cheese. As other yelpers have said, the chips are pretty good. . . The reason for the 3 star review is because they brought my fiance the wrong drink and the berries in my berry-berry mojito were old and wrinkly. Beside those 2 setbacks, it was a good experience.
Please note that this place is actually not called "Wolfgang Puck Express" - it's called "Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill." Also, the $$ price rating is a bit inaccurate - it's definitely in the $$$ range. . . I was with a group of co-workers, and we wanted to avoid a weighty restaurant bill, and saw this place was decently rated with a $$ price rating, but were disappointed to see all of the entrees in the $30+ range. . . We ended up getting a bunch of appetizers, sides and pizzas which were all well made and delicious, and reasonably priced. So in the end it worked out. . . Drinks were on the excessive side in price, averaging around $14 - more than several of our reasonably priced meal items. . . I'd probably come back and eat at this place if I was in a more personal setting and didn't mind a larger bill.
Well, aside from a reservation mistake (our fault), and a unbelievably rude hostess, who didn't handle the reservation mistake well, our evening at this establishment was quite good.  Food was excellent, linguine with clams for me, and spaghetti with meatballs for my wife.  Those meatballs, which my wife generously let me try, we're out of this world.  The Caesar salad that we split before the entrees was excellent as well. My wife finished of the evening with a great looking Creme Brule which she enjoyed.  The wait staff was efficient and and friendly, and we felt that we had great dining experience sans the rude prelude to the meal.  If it weren't for the rude hostess, I'd give this place 5 stars.
Ehh.. I expected more from this place. My friend and I were going to go out this one night and in order to avoid passing out drunk, we decided to go grab some dinner beforehand. Sadly, the Grand Wok was closed at 10pm, so off to Wolfgang Puck Bar and Grill we go.. Perhaps Wolfgang Puck's name caused me to have over-the-top expectations... sigh. . We ordered:. - caesar's salad: this was pretty good, especially the anchovies - yum!. - spaghetti and meatballs: the noodles were strange, I'm pretty sure that they're not Italian pasta or maybe it was a "healthier" alternative and that didn't taste too good. The meatballs though, they're perfectly cooked. - salmon: my friend got this dish and it was alright - he wasn't too crazy about it. Overall, it was a meh experience. However, I was glad we stopped by here to eat because that night, I managed to drink quite a bit and not PTFO. haha
