I can remember when this place first opened. I was about 8 or 9 and my mom took me here. My naive little mind thought it was awesome as it was a little piece of France in the middle of my own city!. . Wow, how things change as you get older.. . The outside is nice, in a strangely tacky way with the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe and several other important Parisian landmarks I can't remember the names of all on top of each other. The inside is a claustrophobic mess. It was built in 1999 and yet if I didn't know any better I would probably think it's much older.. . Anyways.. Things I've heard: Ray J likes to hang out here. Of all places on The Strip he chooses Paris.....don't ask me.. Interior and Decor: Very little space inside as already stated. Even on a non-busy traveling day and/or weekend it's still crowded. The fake sky on the ceiling sort of implies that the Eiffel Tower is higher than the stratosphere (the actual stratosphere, not the tower).....yeah. The fake trees and plants inside are quite hilarious. . Food: The Le Village Buffet is one of the best in town. Everything else is very French save a burger place in the back.. Miscellaneous (or in other words I don't know what category to throw everything else in): The restrooms are awkward. If I have to drain the weasel when I'm in here (and I strangely seem to be in this place a lot) I actually will walk all the way to the bridge in the back and use it in Bally's. No barriers between the urinals, and the appearance of the stalls make me feel uncomfortable. They're just weird. Also, the shopping area is also very French, and not in the Chanel sense. Le Enfants probably is a store for babies and/or children, whatever the names of the other stores mean....your guess is as good as mine, unless you know French.. . Amsterdam always seemed more appealing than Paris. Maybe I would like it better if it were an Amsterdam themed place? Oh well, at least you can get a crepe pretty much anywhere inside here.
It's been a while since I have stayed in Paris.  I've always thought the accommodations were overpriced here.  The newer refurbished RED rooms are ok, but still the rooms are comparatively small and outdated for the others.  Location is good, close to center strip.  Great views of the Bellagio fountains.. . What is nice is the layout of the casino and the feeling of being outdoors and staring at the clouds while you hopelessly give away your $$$.  There's not a lot to do in here other than the tower.  No shopping.  No clubs.. . I saw one of the rarest occurrences in Pai Gow here last weekend.  A 7 card straight flush w/ a joker.  But of course, it was the dealer that hit it.  So no bonus, no envy payout for anyone.  I sobbed.  Another reason to hate this place.  But I'm just bitter.
Beautiful hotel and gorgeous architechture. Good food, and amazing pastries. The casino is very attractive, not too loud or too smoky. However, there are a lot less shopping choices compared to Caesar's or Planet Hollywood.
Let me preface this review by saying that I love the Paris Hotel.  I've always liked visiting, mainly because of their Champagne Brunch on Sunday and also due to their cafe and crepe selections.  I am giving Paris a sad 3-star rating after actually staying here for 1 week.. . The best features of this hotel are the restaurants and welcoming atmosphere.  The cobblestone floors give it a nice touch, although a bit tricky to walk on when wearing 5-inch Louboutins.. . The Eiffel Tower is a beautiful landmark in the midst of high-rise buildings but their room accommodations are simply not up to par.  It isn't the most expensive hotel but for comparable rates I'd rather stay elsewhere.. . Room = 2 stars. * a standard room during CES week (or any Convention week) is overpriced at all strip hotels but even if it wasn't CES week, they really need to update these horrible rooms.  At LEAST add a flatscreen TV.  I know these are available in their suites but it comes standard to new hotels so they need to stay competitive.  My biggest gripe was the bed. OMG!! After day 1, I thought I needed a chiropractor.  I suppose it doesn't help that my bed at home is a Tempur-Cloud Supreme.  My neck and back had kinks all week long!. . Room Service = 3 stars. * I ordered room service 2x for lunch during my 6-night stay.  The 1st order arrived w/in 20 mins and I was very pleased with their Spinach Salad and Rotisserie Chicken Noodle soup.  My 2nd order took over 1 hour to arrive.  I almost called to complain because over the phone they told me 30 to 40 mins.  My 2nd order was a tuna salad sandwich which is usually served in a Croissant but I opted for Rye bread instead.  It was delicious!  The clam chowder had a nice flavor although the clams weren't very big.  Both meals were reasonably priced around $30 including tip.. . Housekeeping = 4 stars. * I do not need my room cleaned every day because I'm not a messy person.  However, the few times I called for maid service they were great!  I was in the room 2x while housekeeping cleaned up.  The woman was really friendly, polite, and personable.  . . WiFi = $14.95/day. * a bit expensive but at least it was reliable.  I used the internet for 4 days.  Some hotels have specials for 3 days or 5 days so this would have been nice rather than paying a daily rate.. . Bar = 4 stars. * the main bar (in the middle of the hotel) has happy hour from 12p to 7p.  That's a hell of a happy hour. 2-for-1 martinis. Not a bad deal for Vegas and they offer waiter service so you don't need to wait at the bar.
I wanted to like it here more but I wasn't super impressed. The customer service was good, the gambling sucks here and the tables have high minimums, but it is cute here and there are some good eateries and the rooms are pretty nice. The bartenders are really friendly. I honestly don't think I would stay here again though. I just know I can stay somewhere a little cheaper where I can actually gamble downstairs.  I did enjoy the margarita-filled Eiffel Towers : )
This has a great mid-strip location where you can walk to many of the hotels/casinos along the strip. We received a free upgraded room upon check in because it was my wife's 30th birthday (actually when they upgraded us, they listed as a honeymoon instead because they said the system wouldn't let them upgrade for birthday, pretty funny). The casino wasn't overly crowded so you could play your choice of machines or table games for the most part. The casino did feel smaller than most on the strip and has a bit of an odd layout. The Eiffel Tower ride is definitely worth checking out, especially with a 2 for 1 coupon. . . The room felt old and in need of renovation. The bed was about as hard as if I had slept on the casino floor! There were strange black marks on the sheets which I assume were marker, but this is Vegas so who knows.  The TV was a vintage 1995 model with speakers that made an annoying buzzing sound but then again aside from a quick weather channel check if you are spending your time in Vegas watching TV you are doing something wrong! No free printing your boarding passes here- $5.00 for 5 mins of computer access on a slow and buggy computer by the elevators in the casino. . . Overall - Meh. It wasn't great or horrible I would consider staying here again if the rates were great due to the mid-strip location and don't regret staying here, but it wasn't spectacular. My wife said she felt like our (free upgrade) room was something out of a  Holiday Inn.
Summary: Not bad but not great.  Good deal for the money. . Plusses:. Good midtown location;. . Very reasonable rate;. . (for the price) an overall pretty nice looking hotel.  It (the casino and outside) have held up well style-wise in comparison to the newer buildings that have come up in the last 12-13 years Paris has been around.  It's not cheesy like NY/NY or Excalabur, and not 80s-looking like Monte Carlo, Mirage and TI;. . No resort fee;. . . Meah:. Not a bad bed but not great, either.  Better than Trump and definitely better than Monte Carlo (avoid MC for that reason alone!) but not as good as PH Westgate (which is frequently one of the best overall deals on the strip);. . . Minuses:. While the outside and casino have held up over time, the rooms not as much.  They're not bad, (better than Excalabur and MC) but definitely a bit dated.  The shower is lame.. . Pricey Internet access (but there's no resort fee, so they're gonna get you one way or another).  Their Internet fee is higher than what most places charge for the resort fee
I love the decor at this hotel. Reminds me of a Disney movie with all the organic designs. :). . Stumbled in here drunk off my mind. Hotel is cozy even with 8 people in ONE room. Wegot the room for free, so can't complain much. The white tea shampoos and conditioners rock! Love the smell and how hydrated it leaves my hair.. . Nonetheless, the hotel is not that impressive. I feel it needs to be updated. I would rather stay some where else if I were to pay. I am more of an urban girl and this hotel is way too cozy and vieux for me.
The hotel does not suffer from that crazy smoke smell that a lot of casinos do.  Some of the restaurants are a little to crazy crowded in the morning so they really need to get their food act together so people can go back to gambling quicker.  : )
Heated pools!! Great views!!
This is only based on walking through to get to the Le Village Buffet.. . This place was PACKED. There were a ton of people in this casino. The scenery is nice, makes  you feel as if you're really in France. It goes from a casino layout to an actual Paris like street.
All style and no substance.. . From the outside, this hotel recreates the beauty of Parisian architecture.  On the inside is pure Vegas overkill. . . I can't comment on the casino, since I don't gamble.  This review is primarily about the rooms and amenities of the hotel itself. . . The rooms are nice sized and are ok to lay your head down.  The beds and linens aren't very luxurious, but they could do worse.  The bathroom is very large with separate shower and tub and an abundance of marble.  The surfaces, unfortunately, get a bit slippery, so you need to tread with caution.. . One nice thing about Vegas hotels is that you can get almost anything at anytime.  This is no exception.
I have been to this hotel many times, but recently stayed there for my first time. The rooms are not as fabulous as I anticipated. They just didn't seem that clean. . . This hotel seems to be busy at all hours of the day and night. It's expensive and there really are no breaks at this hotel. . . The Eiffel Tower ride was awesome as the view of the strip was amazing. You can see the airport as well.
I was disappointed by this hotel. You get the idea it's going to be really classy and sexy but it was just a room... It seemed a little dingy and old all things considered. We've stayed in at least 50% of the middle to upper-rung hotels on the strip so we had high expectations for this one. We wont stay again even with another good deal like the one we got on Expedia ($78 end of March mid-week).
Stayed back in January 2011 for 3 nights. This was also my first Las Vegas trip so I didn't know what to expect with the hotels. By far I am glad we decided to stay here for my first trip since the hotels is located in the middle of the Strip. The location alone of the hotel makes it 3 stars, easy to see the sights and sounds of Las Vegas from just within a short walk of this hotel. The staff seemed pretty unhelpful when we needed their assistance. During our checkin process the front desk agent was not very friendly or helpful. We both work in hospitality and we can easily tell when someone doesn't show the skill set required for the job and unfortunately the agent either needed retraining or to find another job. Our keys also stopped working during our stay and loss prevention let us into the room but we had to come downstairs and get our keys remade. We were just coming in from a day spent on the Strip at various casinos, it was our time to relax and get reenergized for the night. They should have sent some new keys up since we had to wait 15 minutes for the loss prevention to come up and let us in. The rooms were quite big but quite old in decor. We stayed in a standard king room which Paris Las Vegas advertises as a Deluxe room. We had a very nice view of The Cosmopolitan and Planet Hollywood. Even though we didn't come to Las Vegas to watch tv, the tv was a very old tube tv that had the old curved glass screen. I think they may need to do a remodel of all their deluxe rooms soon. The bathroom was our favorite part of the room with dual sinks, huge vanity space, separate shower and soaker tub, and all marble flooring. The casino area although small was pretty active and fun when we gambled. We were a big fan of the sportsbook to catch some of the NFL playoff games and the UFC event that took place. The outside of the hotel is absolutely spectacular to look at. We took several photos of the outside area both during the day and at night. Overall the Paris Las Vegas was a good hotel to stay at for my first trip to Las Vegas. Excellent location with a pretty nice casino area and average rooms. Staff service could be improved.
Great place to stay. Tons of stuff to do nearby. Rooms aren't as new and modern as some of the newer hotels, but was good enough for us. Bathrooms in the standard rooms are pretty big.. . Great places to eat. We really enjoyed the Crepe Place and Mon Ami Gabi.. . Reserve rooms way inadvance to get the best deals!
Meh place, but it was the cheapest and best located decent hotel to stay.. If you can afford it, try the newer hotels.
I really get my rocks off on theme hotels/casinos especially when done properly. I absolutely love the architecture, design, mood, uniforms, ambiance etc. of Paris. . . Sadly none of the restaurants are that great. Worse is that they aren't diverse. French, American, or Italian are your choices.
I spent 6 nights here & loved it.  It is really a beautiful hotel/casino.  Check in for us was quick & painless.  We were there 6 nights and never had one complaint.  We opted out of the "extras" liek internet & gym use.  I heard it can get pricey so we used one of the cafes located in the hotel that offered free WiFi if we needed it.  I didn't really shop around other casinos, I went for a wedding and chose the Paris because that is where the wedding party was staying and since I was in the wedding I wanted to be close.  I booked throught Southwest.com Vegas Jackpot deals and I think we did ok price wise.  Some of the resturants were Meh...a couple were phenominal (sp?).  The architecture is so pretty and the pool was nice and cold on a hot day.
Paris is ... OK.  Stayed here back in January 2006 during a vacation with my co-workers, courtesy of the VP at my office.  That was over five years ago, but I do recall that my hotel room (standard, two queens) was kind of disappointing.  I had expected more from a hotel with a French theme and a construction cost of $785 million.  It reminded me of  a typical room in Downtown LV, but with a much heftier price tag.  TBH, I'm glad I didn't have to use any of my own money to stay here - but I still felt bad for my boss.. . Despite this, my roommate and I (both non-gamblers) enjoyed doing a walkabout of the property and its various decor.  We didn't eat any of our meals here but I did discover the tiramisu (with an edible chocolate bowl) at one of the cafes.  I enjoyed it so much that, during my last LV trip earlier this year, I visited (but not stayed at) Paris once again to eat it again.. . When I go back to Vegas in July, I'm most likely going back to Paris for the tiramisu.  I've actually never checked out the Eiffel Tower yet, so that might also end up on my to-do list when / if I stop by the hotel for the third time.
Had I written this review the day of check in, it would have been a one star rating.  That's because the staff  at the registration desk made check in difficult for every member of the eight people (three other couples and two singles) who were meeting up with us at The Paris.  But the friendliness of the other staff, the general comfort of a room for which we paid only $78 (tax included) per night and the hotel's close proximity to Bellagio and The Cosmopolitan led to The Paris getting traction over the four days of our stay to result in a better rating outcome at the end.  . . That said, we will not stay here again nor could we recommend it as a place to stay to others.  That is based on eight trips to Las Vegas, including this one, and experience with seven other hotels, of which we would happily recommend and return to five of them.  There are just too many other options for lodging in Las Vegas to be treated as if a hotel is doing YOU a favor by taking your discretionary lodging dollars.  As was the case with the desk staff at The Paris.. . That summary experience posted, The Paris has minus and pluses.  If you're interested in the detail read on.  . . FRONT DESK EXPERIENCE:  A BIG  minus.  One of our group of ten had arranged months in advance of the visit for five rooms at a rate of $78/night (tax included) per room..  Each room had a different confirmation number.  He made sure  we all had all five of the confirmation numbers so we could check in as we arrived since he would be in as late  as midnight.  But the hotel would not let us check in.  The desk staff told us that  if the person who had reserved all five rooms was not present at check in, we would be charged $299 / night given they were sold out.  We suggested  that this could not be the first time a party with multiple reservations arrives over the course of several hours and the person who coordinated the reservations is the last to arrive.  No, said the staff, it is not..  So, we said there must be a solution for this.  Yes, she said, the solution is you check in at the $299 rate as that is what we'll resell them to others for tonight.   It would have been laughable for a training video on how NOT to gain customer loyalty if it had not been so obnoxious.. . Ta dum.. . ROOMS: Pluses and minuses. Once check in was finally achieved - it took nearly 90 minutes -  all went smoothly.  We did not receive rooms in great locations given the low rate($78 night) we were paying and the full house at the hotel.  That would be expected under the circumstances so we had no complaints.  The good news about the rooms is they were generally comfortable and very clean.  Hubby and I had a "P" (petite suite) room which is a bit larger than others - and included a coffee maker hooray -  and other members of our group had standard rooms. . .  In all cases the infrastructure showed wear and tear, damaged furniture and paint coming off of woodwork as example, and old technology, as in smaller tube TVs as opposed to the large screen LEDs that one finds even at mid range hotels these days and wifi is an extra $15/day.  But with comfortable beds, an adequate supply of decent pillows and everything clean, it's hard to kvetch for the price we were paying.  If we'd been paying anywhere near the rack rate, that would have been a different perspective.  . .  STAFF OTHER THAN FRONT DESK: : Dealers at the black jack tables were top notch.  The perfect nexus of professionalism and friendliness, they made playing a lot of fun.  Bell staff and parking valets were very friendly.. . RESTAURANTS:  One of the advantages The Paris enjoys is a number of small, casual places to pick up something to eat...a boulangerie, a patisserie and so on.  That made it convenient to grab a fruit plate and coffee to take to the room  in the morning for those of us not eating a more formal breakfast.  The Mon Ami Gabi restaurant (reasonably priced as Las Vegas restaurants go) patio provides a nice view of the Bellagio fountains from afternoon through evening.  The Eiffel Tower restaurant, where service is great,  prices are high and tables are packed like sardines in a can (not owned by The Paris but on property) is a neat place to have a cocktail in the bar and see the stunning view.. . LOCATION:  Easy walk up or down the strip or across the street to Bellagio, The Cosmopolitan (where we spent a lot of time) and City Center.. . TIP:  Upgrades to strip side rooms are sometimes available for as little as $40 / night.  Worth it for view  but be sure you're above the 11th floor or, as in our case, you'll look out at a parking garage.  Also, rooms ending in "P" ( petite suite) are larger by far than regular rooms and sometimes available at no extra charge if timing is right.
This was my first stay in Vegas and I am glad I picked this particular hotel. It was cozy and quiet and a great location near the Miracle Mile shopping center and not to far from a Walgreen's and ABC shop to buy sundries cheaper than the stores in the lobby.   Only real complaint would be pushy kiosk type vendors at the cosmetic stores, which I realize are trained to be so persistent. But lady please, wrong time to be talking to people about cream for their eyes and such. No kidding everyone is going to have bloodshot eyes or look jet lagged or hungover.   But the gaming floor, pool and layout were inviting. I would stay again if I had the chance. I would have given it a 3.5 seeing I am a LV rookie, and have no comparison but I can't say anything bad about this place.
Central location, they have the huge Eiffel Tower (and those long drinks!) and an ok buffet (I saw William Hung here last time I was at the buffet, 'eh).. . Cute theme, smaller rooms, but very afforadable prices for being at the center of the strip (kind of).
Yay, our room overlooked the pool and the eiffel tower. The room itself was just okay. Nothing special about it and kind of smaller in comparison to other hotels. We stayed here due to a really cheap deal, otherwise I don't know why people would pay the normal prices to stay here. The pool area was also just okay. I know it is a wading pool, but could've been made a little deeper. You walk across the whole way and the water barely hits my hips...and I'm not the tallest girl. A lot of the chairs around us seemed to have broken back rests...meaning, they didn't stay upright. Not your typical meat market type pool setting, but there was some nice eye candy for this girl. ;)
The only reasons I ever go to the Paris is for a show or a restaurant. I've never seen the rooms so I can't comment on those. Their show theater is nice and its small enough to feel intimate. Mon Ami Gabi is a great restaurant that I would recommend.. Not much to look at. Their slots are tight. I hate how cramped the walkways are where the stores and restaurants are located. And the stores aren't even worth the trouble. Hate the parking garage entrance also, the signage and actually entrance to drive in is small and easy to miss.
Walked around here.... . Got lost because this place can be confusing on getting out. We walked all around and couldn't find the exit. The maps don't even have a "YOU ARE HERE" sign. . . This place is great for photo ops!
It was just OK....nothing to write home about. What turned me off the most was that I stood in line for an omlette for 20 minutes on a Monday morning. Not really sure why they had one person on the omlette station, should invest in expanding. Some of the food was a little strange, boiled prunes. At $15.99 I'd go back only for the value, but McDonalds would suffice.
They should update this hotel.  I understand Paris is an older city and fixtures and homes there look older but that shouldn't be the case for the hotel.  While the lobby area and the casino floor still looks nice because it has a bit of streets of Paris feel, the rooms could use some updating.  The bathtub in my room had lost a large chip of paint.  The carpets are worn and old.  The worst part is all the tvs are old school big box tvs.  I got my flat screen in 2005 which means my tv is newer than theirs.  We rented the largest suite and the suite had the box tvs.  They do have good views of the strip if you are lucky enough to get one of those rooms.  Anyway I like Paris, first time my gf and I went on vacation, we stayed here.  However they should update and do away with the live band and have a dj in house and do what Planet Hollywood does which I think has a better atmosphere.  I hope they upgrade because I want them to do well.
Seemed like a section of Disneyland on steroids, for adults. But this was my first time in Vegas, and I soon realized the whole strip is over-the-top like this..  It's decorative, cozy, and very antiquated. We had a non-smoking room with the view of the pool and Bellagio which was awesome (14th-floorish). We stayed here because the hubby's conference was there. So it was convenient. It's a super convenient location for walking up and down the strip. Not updated, and lacking in modern/luxury amenities. The "restaurant" food options inside were just "okay" and pricey. You've got to pay for EVERYTHING! It's really hard to navigate the casino/lobby/several entrances. Parking is also a real headache.
Paris Hotel is pretty good. The food tends to be good though not amazingly great. They're very clean. However with their rooms need some serious work. The bathrooms are extremely slippery, the shower heads are so incredibly gunked up and/or leaky they have next to no water pressure. Handicapped rooms are just as bad. Tub was so deep and slippery mom needed help getting out. Floors are dangerous with even the tiniest bit of water. It's surprising that there aren't more serious injuries in the room.. . Coffee in the cafe is lousy. It used to be good but they've obviously started going for the cheap stuff while still charging the top notch prices.  . . Pretty much the only thing that keeps me going back to the Paris - Barry Manilow. Awesome performer. Awesome show. If he goes to another hotel or leaves Vegas entirely I won't be going back to the Paris. (Unless they're smart enough to snag up Michael Crawford when he's done with his Wizard Of Oz run.) As someone who doesn't gamble and rarely drinks, other than Barry Manilow, Vegas has nothing to offer me. Especially since the Hilton was dumb enough to get rid of Star Trek: The Experience.
A bit above average, i'd say 3.5 stars.  nothing exordinary, but comfortable and had all the basic amenities.  Great buffet tho, which i'll write in a separate review.
I think I went in expecting more than I saw and experienced. . . It's not all that at this hotel, truth be told.  They really could have done a lot better with decor and more, but it's really bland.  Our hotel room was okay, there was a part on the wall where the wallpaper was coming off, very tacky, and in the hallway as well.. . A one-day gym pass costs $25, what a rip off.  . . The pool is not phenomenal, although you are under the Eiffel Tower, the service poolside sucks, they forgot my drink and food.. . I don't think I'll stay here again, I rather stay somewhere where they stick to good service, themed hotel and a lot more bang for my buck.
What happens in Paris... could probably happen anywhere else in Vegas.. . The pros: Nice central location on the Strip. Great view, if you face the Bellagio (you'll probably see and hear the fountain shows from your room). Convenient to lots of other hotels. Nice casino. Good coffee shop. Reasonable rooms. No resort fees (or there weren't). Efficient check-in. Not a bad lounge right off the casino, featuring some unintentional entertainment many nights. Decent cocktail service, nothing special.. . The cons: Buffet is over-rated and over-priced (walk to Bellagio and eat at the best one instead). Pepsi property (no Coke products sold at all). If you face the Strip, you'd better like the Bellagio fountain show, because you'll probably hear every one that happens while you're in your room. All the usual Strip gaming complaints: high table minimums, tighter slots, short-pay video poker machines, and even, IIRC, some 6:5 payouts on blackjack. Valet was abysmal.. . Tip: if you're in any of the public restrooms, listen to the French lessons. They are hilarious!. . Would I stay here again? If I got a good deal, maybe. I wouldn't run back.
This hotel is OK. They definitely make you feel like you are in Paris, France. All the signs are in French. The ground is black cobblestone. I upgraded the room to a "Red" room. It was also OK. Nothing spectacular. King bed, no jacuzzi tub and horrible view. I would not recommend this hotel if you are young, there were a lot of kids at this hotel. I didn't make it up to the Eiffel Tower ride, but if you are going, get a coupon book from the back of a taxi, they have a 2 for 1 ride.
I stayed at Paris Las Vegas with my mom since she had an offer for 4  free nights.  Sadly, Paris didn't really do it for me.  Must've been the layout of the casino floor and hotel in general.. . The Positives:. . -I could frequently visit Mon Ami Gabi (one of my favorite restaurants).. -Connected to Bally's and their Monorail Station for easy access to the south end of the Strip.. -Location is Center Strip. . The Negatives:. . -Besides Mon Ami Gabi and Effiel Tower Restaurant, the food choices here are pretty below average.. -The hotel rooms were quite a walk to get to.. -Our room was well, just a simple room.. -Towel service was slow.. . Believe it or not, the Deluxe rooms at Bally's are far more luxurious and at the same price point as the standard rooms at Paris.  So overall, I had an OK stay here.  Not as exciting as I thought it would be though.  I guess I can't complain too much since I stayed here for free, but I probably won't be coming back here to stay.
Harrah's gave me three free nights at Paris, so my entire experience was through the scope of "this is free." Our first night was great, we were upgraded to a really great strip view on the 21st floor for free. Although we were on the 21st floor, you could still hear the loud music from the club. Didn't really bother me. . . The room was small, but generally clean and neat. The beds suck. The tv was not a flat screen, but who cares "this is free!". The second day, we had some problems with dirty cups, but after almost an hour on the phone with management, we got clean cups and free Paris bathrobes. And a $50 comp for the buffet and $20 taken off our bill from the previous nights dinner at Serendipity 3. . . The buffet, like everything else, was okay. Great "for free!"  The crepes were actually pretty awesome. Some of our line-mates (the line was so long we bonded) were treated really terrible by hotel management, who had told them their complaints were "trivial." . . The location can't be beat, it was great to be able to walk right out the door and be at Planet Hollywood or the Bellagio.  It was great "for free" but I would have been pretty upset if I had to pay.
Another "themed" hotel on the Strip, Paris was grander in its heyday but has lot a bit of its luster as more modernly stylized resorts like the Wynn and Cosmopolitan have taken their place as the top places to stay and visit in Las Vegas. . . Nonetheless, Paris's faux cobbled streets, skies, and indoors Parisian architecture are fun (if not a bit tacky) to walk through and the Paris buffet offers a very decent variety of food for its price. . . A gripe is that the walls in the rooms are thin...its Vegas, so people are most certainly going to make noise!
No major complaints on this place.  We ended up booking an impromptu Vegas getaway through HotelTonight.  Compared to the Arias and Cosmopolitans, it's a bit outdated, but the location was ripe for venturing along the strip.  . . Lodging - classier than staying in the Hooter hotel, but the room we were lodged in clearly missed the rounds of the recent renovations (not sure if that was because we booked on HotelTonight, because the photos they had of rooms on that app made the rooms look much more updated).. . Atmosphere - I liked the Parisian theme.  Beware to the casual visitor, the place was teeming with wedding parties.  May have been a convention or something, but it was like the bride parade come Saturday.. . Overall -- a good economical choice.  Don't plan on spending all of your time in the hotel.  But hey, it's Vegas.  There's so much to do, who spends their time in the room anyways?
Stayed in their basic room with 2 queen beds on a family trip.  The room was just okay.  Nothing luxurious as the other hotels I've stayed in on the strip, but I guess I was expecting a bit more since Paris is fairly new (not really, but compared to Flamingo, yes it is fairly new).  We stayed here for the Thanksgiving holiday weekend for around $250 total for 2 nights (Friday-Sunday).. . Our bathroom sink was totally clogged.  At first it was just slow to drain, but by our second day, the sink was just clogged.  Had to use the bathtub to brush my teeth and wash my face in the morning!. . Housekeeping was satisfactory as they responded to our request for more bath towels within an hour.  We didn't use housekeeping services to clean our room so I don't have any say on that.. . If you're planning to have anybody sleep on the floor, bring some extra blankets.  Most hotel beds usually have 2 blankets (one blanket and one cover blanket), but Paris' beds only had one blanket and used a flat sheet as a cover.  . . There are no resort fees, but that means you have to pay extra fees if you want the extra amenities.  Wifi costs $15 per day.  Gym use is $25, I think.  My sister-in-law paid $28 for admission to the hotel's spa and enjoyed their amenities.  . . Otherwise, a convenient location to stay at.  So convenient to go downstairs in the early morning for a breakfast buffet at Le Village (my favorite buffet for breakfast) and avoid the long lines that will form around 10am.
Used to be my favorite place in Vegas, but after 5 stays here: the shine is wearing off.. . Why:. - Buffet is impossible to get into. Not a big deal, but at least for breakfast would be nice..  - Ala carte restaurants have long lines and the cafe has plenty of tables, but never enough chairs around.  After you eat a sandwich standing up, you get pretty pissed at the situation..  - The cobblestone streets are nice, but they are tight and packed with families, taking pictures, standing around or otherwise being dumb ass tourists.  Getting through becomes a challenge, even James Bond/ Jason Bourne would find challenging..  - Rooms are getting somewhat dated.  - At check in, they constantly pressure you to upgrade rooms. . Still ok:.  - Great location relative to other casinos on the strip.  - Great rates, especially if you can score some comps from Harrah's.  - LOVE the way elevators are layed out and ability to get to your room without GPS, like Caesars, Ballys, NYNY and most other hotels on the strip.
I like the Paris Casino floor. The high ceilings help keep it from being too stuffy from smoke (and the paint doesn't hurt the atmosphere either). . . I attended a conference in the Paris, and it was comfortable and easy to navigate. There's plenty of food options and the streets modeled after the streets of the actual city are really cute.
OK
It is a pretty casino. Visually interesting. The ceiling is low but is made up for by having the "sky" right above you. . the little shops are fun and interesting and are a nice break to take while right on the casino floor.
Great location, good casino, cute shops and atmosphere. Overall, a solid hotel, but could have more comfy beds.
Paris is our favorite strip hotel.  The food is exceptional especially at Mon Ami.  The gambling and atmosphere is fun.  The location of the property (Central Strip) is ideal.  The rooms are nice - but a standard hotel room in terms of size and amenities.  The shape of the hotel means you can have varying views depending on room location.  Competition among Strip hotels has lowered the average price for the Paris - so check it out.
I would actually give it 4 stars but the cleaning lady didn't clean our rooms at all, all 3 nights, even though we weren't in the room. We actually booked 2 rooms, one at Cosmo, and one at Paris. We stayed in Paris the first night, and left it as a "smush" room. LOL. But didn't really use it, but it never got cleaned. It was nice having an extra room. . . I actually really like Paris' rooms. The decor was very nice, the bathroom was new and clean. The color of the rooms and beds were very nice, made me feel like I was actually in Paris. The rooms were smaller, but it's because they actually had nice furniture. The hotel itself was cool. I never stayed in Paris, and it was good. Great viewof the mountains, gave me a peace of mind when I stared at it.. . Probably one of the better "cheaper" end hotels on the strip. I'll probably stay here next time! But request for maid service.
Paris is at an excellent location. It is pretty much in the middle of everything so you can't go wrong staying here.. . P.S: Lost too much money at the casinos here =[
The casino is very small and does not have several slot machines. The box office was closed during our stay here. We had to go to another casino to purchase show tickets. Customer service is excellent. The employees knew exactly where places were located and what the casino had to offer. Our room and bathroom was very clean. We did not eat at the buffet because the line was too long. Paris and Bally's share the buffet; therefore, it is always a two hour wait. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to be on the center of the strip and does not like spending too much money for a room. The hotel does have a few shops and restaurants that are great to go to.
I enjoy this hotel for location and overall feel. Unfortunately the beds are quite uncomfortable and the sheets feel like sandpaper.
Great location,  right across from Bellagio & Ceasars -good sized room but basic... no bathrobes? no coffee maker !?!? really?  Also must add that the lighting in the bathrooms is horrible.. We decided this hotel had the ambiance of the Disney "Its a Small World" and a Pepe le Pew cartoon...  lots of  pseudo French words like "Les Elevators" :-). Mon Ami Gabi has great food... so that redeems them a bit.. Seems like casino is more smoky than others here (except for say the Golden Nugget type old school casinos). Rates were super cheap, so hey why not...  it's not like you spend all day in your room.
We stayed in the "Red Room", king size suite. It was pretty nice, but small. I was fairly pleased but expected better. The buffet was mediocre. It did not have a good selection. The crepes were ok. It was very smoky because of the meat they were cooking - it was actually prettu nauseating. The desserts were great however. Despite the good desserts, I don't think we will stay there again. I didn't particularly enjoy it.
So before saying here, I had walked through / gambled at Paris several times, and really enjoyed the environment of the casino and shops, so we decided to give the hotel a try.  Overall, I can't say I was impressed, but it was a decent experience.. . When we checked in, we requested a non smoking room, but got put into a smoking room, so we had to go back to the lobby to get our rooms switched.  Also, the next morning, after having been out until 6am, we were woken up by the sounds of construction at 9am down at the fountain / pool area on a Saturday.  We could hear the hammering loud and clear in our room, even on the 14th floor, and there were about 20 construction workers renovating the foundtain next to the eiffel tower.. . When we went down to complain about the construction, we were greeted with a rather cold lady at the check in desk who gave us a "well that's when the start of business is so there's nothing we can do."  She later offered to switch our rooms, but would have put us towards the back of the hotel without a view, so we declined, especially since she seemed incredibly unfriendly at that point and would probably have put us in the basement if she could.  No apology or offers of any kind, just a flat out, sorry, deal with it kind of attitude.  That was the major turn off for me, because most hotels try to give guests the best experience possible, and at the very least, would apologize for the construction, especially at NINE IN THE MORNING.  Saturday?  Seriously?  . . The one nice perk is that you can be put on the guest list for Chateau if you stay at the hotel, which saves on cover if you want to check out the club.  It's got a great outdoor section right under the eiffel tower, so overall a very nice atmosphere and venue.  . . The room itself with pretty standard, although I was a bit disappointed by the bed, which was not very comfortable.  It definitely loses to Cosmo, Palms, and even Treasure Island in terms of comfort.  It also has one of those fridges with the stocked mini bar so you can't keep any of your own stuff cold.. . The tables are fun, because it usually isn't as crowded as the other casinos on the strip.  Also, the dealers at the tables are incredibly friendly, unlike their counterparts at the front desk.  . . Overall, I don't think I'd choose Paris again, just too many little hiccups with the stay.  I'll stick to walking through to gamble.
I can finally notify friends and family that I have been to Paris!. . I recently took a trip to Las Vegas to get my mind off of the hectic fall semester I endured at CSUN (Go Matadors!) and unsurprisingly was able to pass all of my classes and maintain a lovely GPA at a respectable level. So indeed I had many choices to decide upon but in the end, it was good ol' Las Vegas aka Sin City aka The City that Never Sleeps aka The Big Easy! Alas, I packed by bags, travelled 300+ miles without the unexpected wonderment of 'Fear and Loathing' episodes and spent a few nights at the heartland of Nevada.. . Of course while there, one of the few casinos I wanted to immediately visit was none other than Paris itself! Once I self-parked, I ventured over to where the boys are separated from the men. Where one wrong move can emphasize your entire trip and where the clouds do not move at all!. . Since this was my first time, I wanted to put it all on the table and go high! I had my lovely girlfriend by side and my favorite anti-dousche  jacket on. I was feelin' lucky. . . I began to feed the machine a barrage of US currency, betting MAX all the way because that's the way I 'roll.'I looked to my left. I looked to my right. Everything was moving along quite nicely until I noticed that all of my $15 were gone and that my girlfriend had actually won $4. Soon after, I retired from the world of amateur gambling and travelled on home, a road long divided.... . All in all, this shindig wasn't that bad. As always expect long lines for the buffet and do you really need tobuy that $50 souvenir?!
Hotel is nothing to write home about but rooms are comfortable, with a bathroom that has a separate walk in shower and a tub.  There is plenty of counter space for 3 girls to share. The tables here have a higher limit that some of the other casinos but the decor of the Paris is nice and certainly transports you to another place.  It would have been nice to see some of those touches in the hotel rooms.  The hotel is connected on the casino floor with some shops and restaurants  then you run into Bally's.   Bally's also has a free shuttle over to the Rio hotel on the other side of the freeway.  . . The restaurant in the Eiffel tower is very nice and the view of the Bellagio water show is fabulous.  Go up there and just get a drink in the lounge and get the view for free.  If you want to go up to the top you will have to pay.  . . The hotel is centrally located so itsa quick jump over to the Planet Hollywood Casino and the Mile Shops.  They have a deal with the buffets its $44. for a 24 hour pass which includes 6 different buffets in the area.  The one in the Paris is not the best service wise, food is pretty good but Planet Hollywoods and the Rio are great.  . . Would certainly stay here again but for the price I think it should have been better.
3 1/2 stars.. . I think there is a wing of the hotel that has been updated.  Unfortunately, I stayed one night in a part of the hotel that was NOT renovated yet.  The drapes are drab looking now and just look worn down by the sun.  The room was not as clean as I had previously enjoyed.. . Paris is centrally located on the strip, within walking distance of every major casino and hotel (Cosmopolitan and Bellagio are right across the street, Planet Hollywood and Caesar's Palace are also nearby)so that part of Paris's draw remains.
I really have mixed feelings about Paris Las Vegas.  I really want to LOVE it, but for several reasons I don't.  The Hubs and I stayed here over Valentine's Day in order to celebrate 10 years together.  Since it was a special occasion I had really high hopes we would receive great service, but alas this wasn't the case.. . During the booking process, the service was excellent.  We were given a good rate and told that there would be a note on our reservation indicating our anniversary, so we should expect good service.  Upon our arrival I had high hopes for getting a good room and we were told that the room we were assigned was really nice with a view, but it wasn't ready.  We were fine with that because we wanted a nice room for our celebration - we were told to come back in two hours and our room would be cleaned by then (he said he put a rush request).  Well after 3 hours walking the strip and coming back at 4 for our room, it wasn't ready.  I was getting upset and clearly just wanted to plop down in a room for awhile, so the guy gave us another room with a view that was available.  He said it was in a good location not near an elevator.  Lies- it was the first door after a suite right near the elevators!  The room was ok - not the red room we booked, but it had a great view of the fountains and Eiffel tower.  Unfortunately, we were next to a suite, which was really noisy.  We were really upset and asked to move rooms the next day.  The person we spoke to was rude and offered us a new room, but no apology for the nose of sewage smell in the bathroom.. . The second room we got was a red room.  It was similar and also had a good view but a smaller window.  All in all, I like the location of Paris and the style inside.  We really liked Mon Ami Gabi and going to the top of the Eiffel Tower.  All in all, not a bad stay, but surely not the amazing stay I hoped for.
Walked in....instantly received Free tix to Phantom (wanted LeReve but will take em') Spa is killer and so is the Merlot!  Far cry from Cosmo but still very fun!!
Too long to walk from one side to the next...how do you find the exit.
Replica of the Eiffel Tower. During the daytime, you can overlook the strip. It really does look like Paris on the inside, complete with a ceiling painted as a sky. This is a tourist must-see just for the Bellagio fountain show. I do wish the hours were better, considering it's Vegas and all.
The best thing about Paris is their perfect location in the center of the strip. I also love their restaurants. Mon Ami Gabi is quite possibly my favorite Vegas restaurant. (check out my review). Their buffet is also one of my favorites. (I will try to get that review up soon). And then of course is Sugar Factory (yep, you guessed it, I reviewed it). In other words, Paris has so much going on that I love. . . Now let's talk hotel: ifthe Parisian style is for you, you will find a clean, modest room, and probably be happy. I, however, prefer contemporary, sleek decor, so this place isn't really for me. One thing about our room that WAS amazing, was the view. We were directly in front of the BELLAGIO fountains. One strike against Paris?  Housekeeping was pretty lax when it came to cleaning up the hallways. When you leave your room and see someone's room service trays in the hall, and come back several hours later and they are still there, that's a bit of a turn-off, and really not OK.. . WI-FI:   Hotels that still do not offer free wi-fi drive me crazy! There is no excuse for it, and I see it as pure greed on their part! In fact, this bothers me so much, that I am now refusing to stay any place that does not have free wi-fi! Paris is charging, but if you go to the little cafe' in the lobby, you can get it free there. I think it's only a matter of time before most places offer free wi-fi.
The Crepe Place is the highlight of this casino for me! The rooms were nothing special, just your standard casino room with a view of the strip. I will say that housekeeping was here extremely fast when we broke a glass in the room.
Reviewing the Casino only.  If you like a Casino on the strip that is pretty mellow this is it.  However, dealers on the craps table were very rude and looked down-right grumpy.  The craps table itself is actually a medium sized one.  I didn't enjoy the club music playing loudly in the background.
We visited Paris and enjoyed our stay but, let's be honest, it could have been a Holiday Inn. The decor was certainly a bit more frilly but the room was not over the top French-themed. In fact, the whole pretense of Frenchness is a thing of the past. Maids and waitstaff have ditched their faux French accents, thank God.. . Our room had all the normal amenities, plus an empty minibar we could use as a fridge. The bed had five pillows, which we find barely acceptable. You need at least six or seven pillows to be high end. Agree?. . Note: As with any large hotel in Vegas, the walk from the free parking is excessive.
Vive Le France!. . Lets be honest since the demise of the Mob's presence in Vegas themed hotels have been the allure to Vegas.  Well besides the availability to debauchery and gambling.  When you come to Vegas why would you want to stay in a regular run-of-the-mill hotel when you can be whisked away to Paris? You wouldn't.. . Welcome to the Paris Hotel.  This is the premiere destination when enjoying a romantic trip to Vegas.  From arrival you are greeted by familiar landmarks that you have seen on many a postcard.  Some you have no clue what their names are but you know you've seen them.. . Once inside I feel like I have been transported to France (minus the long flight and cost). At least what I imagine what France is like, I wont actually be to the real Paris until August.  The staff members are very courteous and really make your stay as pleasant as possible.  The best rooms to get are the front facing rooms, not only are the views better but they are larger.  With comfortable beds, settee's and and aroma one can assume is of Parisian allure.. . I cant wait to get back to Paris Hotel, but seeing as I am single ill wait.  Nothing makes you more depressed then being a single girl in a romantic place.....
Nice hotel, but you can see where they have cut back on maintaining the property. Rooms were clean and prices were good.  WIFI cost is ridiculous.  Spotty cell phone coverage throughout the resort (ATT)
One of the mom's in our Parenting Group suggested a trip to Vegas.  Once the wheels got in motion, the organizer booked this hotel.  I guess she had been here before.  I can't believe it was pretty painless to gather 11 women and finalize plans so effortlessly.   I had a great time in Vegas, even though I am not a big fan.  I don't gamble and can't stand cigarette smoke. I was so happy I only had to share my room with one person and I was lucky my roomy was pretty cool.  The hotel seems a little lack luster.  The lobby and casino feel dirty and Samantha C. is right, the fake cobblestone is slippery.  Our room was very nice and we had a great view of the Strip and the pool at the Aria.  I didn't care too much for the pool at our hotel, the towels were so dingy and kind of raggedy.  The service at the pool was non existent.  I would have had a drink by the pool, however the server I called told me "this is not my section".  I asked her to send someone, two hours later we went back to our rooms.  Good thing I always carry water in my purse.  The dealers at the casino were pretty nice.  One of the moms wanted to play Pai Gow poker.  Most of us didn't know how, since we took over the whole table, they were giving us lessons.  I won $5, lol.  I am not sure I will be back to this hotel, but I had a really great time with my fellow moms.
It an alright hotel, but the room is too small. Also the room is not clean. I prefer Bally's over Paris. The decoration is weird but there are bits and piece about it that are nice. The casino is easy to win and that is about it. So for a hotel that is on the strip I give it a 3 star. Also the buffet line wait is too long.
The hotel interior is actually kind of cute. Rooms are decent looking but the mattresses are very outdated with being able to feel the metal springs. Pillows are filled with feathers and were also limp an worn out. My favorite part about this hotel is that they don't charge any resort fees which is pretty awesome. Rooms can have wifi for $13.99 a day if you choose. The housekeeping staff is very friendly and made sure we always had fresh towels. I never like leaving my room without the do not disturb sign and sometimes I have experienced housekeeping come on in anyways, but not at the Paris which again was very nice. Each morning they call us if we are out and leave a message saying they will bring up anything needed. This hotel is also located to my favorite poker room at aria of course. Only problem with the location is that there is nowhere to cross for pedestrians. Luckily a taxi cab is only about $6-$7 each way.
I haven't stayed in many hotels in Las Vegas, but so far Paris has been the better of them. The rooms here are a decent size, though the TV is old school and small. There is lots of closet-drawer room if you have an extended stay, too. The bathroom is awesome with the separated tub and shower. The room service, a bit pricey but average for Las Vegas, was pretty quick and the food was pretty good for breakfast. Service and checkout was a breeze. Tip: if ever staying visiting Vegas, try to go during the week and not the weekends--rates are far cheaper and not as many people.
I was thinking about staying here, but after visiting I think I'll pass.  It's too stinkin' crowded.  Not the casino, but the shoppe area.  The shoppe area is supposed to look like the back alleys of Paris, but it's toonarrow for a Las Vegas hotel.  Fail.  Negative Ghost Rider, the pattern is full.  I'll stay at the Orleans over this place.
I stayed here 6/29/2012 to 07/01/2012.. . Got a good price to stay here, so we booked the standard luxury room. Arrived pretty late--about 1:00 am Saturday morning--and got a complimentary upgrade to a LeMans suite since they were out of standard luxury rooms. Sweet!!. . The suite itself looked great; decor and furniture were of high quality. Full size shower and hot tub in the bathroom. And a bidet!! The weirdest thing though was the old school box TV set. Umm, okay. Otherwise great room.. . The clientele at Paris, however, is OLD (no offense). Nice place to stay at with your significant other; not so nice a place if you're out with your buddies or for a bachelor party.
Haven't stayed here as the rooms were sold out, but my first impression walking in was SMOKY! . . I know that's the way all casinos are here, but it hit me like a cloudy sock of soot when I dashed in to get my Jersey Boys tix. . . There are very good restaurants here http://bit.ly/LLP2cB and http://bit.ly/LLPh7k. And a great show, too.
Be honest, I love the hot air balloon and the tower, but the entrance doesn't look as amazing from far away view.  I even had hard time to find the entrance.  Inside, it looks old.  . If you give me the choice of living here, I would say NO!  is this clear enough?
The Paris is a pleasant hotel with a great center strip location more or less across the street from the trifecta of the Cosmopolitan, Bellagio, and Caesars Palace. However it's visibly a step below its competition and has failed to keep up with the trend of increasingly larger and more technologically advanced rooms. Compared to the North Strip giants such as the Wynn/Encore and Venetian/Palazzo and the super-modern City Center hotels (Aria and the Cosmopolitan), the Paris is in an obviously lower bracket. . . That is not to say that the hotel is without its charms. The Paris theme is, for lack of a better phrase, "tres charmant." The staff is friendly, although they are no longer obligated to greet you with a hearty "Bonjour.": The shopping is lackluster and located in an underground walkway to the adjoining Bally's.  The rooms are certainly on the smaller end; the standard rooms are only about 350 sq feet, half the size of the standard room at the Wynn. You can upgrade (as I did) to a Red Room which does not necessarily give you a larger room but it does come with a few nice amenities (access to a lounge, champagne reception, etc.) and is nicer appointed than the standard room. There's nothing spectacular about the rooms; were it not for a few frilly Parisian touches you could easily confuse them for a standard Marriot or Holiday Inn room. . . The nice thing about the Paris is that it is easier to navigate than some of its labyrinthine, massive counterparts (looking at you Caesars and Venetian) so getting from the casino to your room and vice-versa is only a short walk to the elevator. Moreover the restaurants are all close to each other but problematically they are also close to the buffer (one of the better buffets on the strip) and the buffet line is almost always long and loud, which can detract from the dining experience. The restaurant selection is decent, with Mon Ami Gabi (patio seating with great view) , the Buffet, and Gordon Ramsey Steakhouse (new addition so very busy) being the highlights. There's two restaurants open 24 hours - Sugar Factory and Cafe du Parc - but be aware that Sugar Factory is both supremely overrated and overpriced and Cafe du Parc is frequently inedible.  In the last year the Paris finally introduced a real club to the hotel in Chateau which can get rather crowded on the weekends and which is generally on par with equivalent offerings at most Strip hotels. It's no XS or Tryst but it's better than PURE ( in my opinion) and infinitely classier than Haze.
Wasn't the nicest place I've stayed, but far from the worst.  Hated the restaurants.  Very overpriced, and staff didn't seem happy to be employed. The worst valet service in Vegas. Waited 25 minutes to leave my car, and another 40 to get it back
Love the slots here. I always seem to come out ahead (or just slightly under). I also love the Parisian feel of the area, especially the buffet eating area that looks and feels like the courtyard of a small French village.
As a hotel, it had much nicer rooms, buffet and so affordable than our usual hotel:) It is beautiful, clean and elegant.  However, I do have to give it only three stars simply because the hospitality staff was just not very interested in servicing us it seemed. It was our 20th wedding anniversary and we splurged a bit (for our price range).  We mentioned it to the check in staff  and they were so busy gossiping and talking about themselves to themselves, it was like we were interrupting THEIR conversation and they were on auto pilot ignoring us completely.  Not a great first impression. . . Then, when we signed up for the Total Rewards program, there was an error (which totally happens, we are all human) and when I went the next morning to redeem my promotional $10 because I had played there, the guy behind the counter could absolutely offer no solutions.  He was more interested in who screwed up then how to fix it and in the end, it left a very bad taste in my mouth.  . . I point blank asked him, "So there is no solution you can offer me here?"  Too be honest, I watch Hotel Impossible ALTO and I was mostly just curious on how he would respond because it is nice to give someone the opportunity to keep a customer, but he had no interest at all at finding an option and basically just walked away from us saying no, probably thinking we are not "Big Fish" and not worth the effort.  So after that, we just went to other casino's surrounding the hotel. Which, too be honest, were far superior and happy to see us lose our money there. lol  But at least we felt valued there enough to give it to them. Oh, and very FEW cocktail servers around the game machine.  So again, why bother.. . All in all, I loved the rooms, the buffet (get the Buffet of Buffet special if you go) and loved the look of the casino area and I will stay there again, but very likely, will just stay and go next store to gamble again.
I have stayed at the Paris twice now and have 2 different experiences.. . The first time, my parents were guests of Harrah and got us a room. Little did I know that we were upgraded to a suite (Jr suite, I think). This room was very nice.. . The next time we came back, we had a free stay voucher given to us as a present. What a big difference. This was the normal room. First off, we had reserved a room with a king bed, when we arrived, there were no king beds available. I asked what was the point of having a reservation then? The clerk replied that it was because of our "late check-in." It was 8 pm. Anyway, the bedding was obviously old, and really, all that needs to besaid is and will illustrate the type of room it is...it was an old, non-flat screen TV. Seriously? Even La Quinta has flat screens in all their rooms.. . Anyway, the staff was hit and miss. Some really knew what they were tlaking about and others acted like it was their first day.. . I agree with whoever it was that said the food selection isnt that great here. Although, I will say, the crepes are pretty good.. . If you have time, check out the dueling piano bar. Very entertaining.. . So, I guess my recommendation would be...it depends on if youre getting a good deal or not. If it is a good price, then stay here, but we looked at adding a day (Sunday) to our gift stay and it was a little over $200 a night. We stayed at the 5 star Palazzo for less. And yes, Palazzo is my favorite...now that is a nice hotel.. Room Tip: Shell out for an upgraded room or stay somewhere like Palazzo
Paris is another one of the hotels in Vegas that is in the "Needs major updates and renovations".  It's about time.  It is getting to be a older hotel by comparison to the newer and sleaker ones, i.e. The Cosmopolitan.. . I stayed here back in 2007 and it was on the edge of needing updates.  The rooms were great and the decor was suitable to the theme of the hotel.  Fast forward to now when I've been in to gamble and the place looks the same...just older.. . Now the location of Paris is great on The Strip.  Front and center.. . Now the poor ventilation of the casino area is poor.  Smokey and smelly.  Go into casinos in hotels like The Bellagio and then come here and you will notice how the Paris needs to fix this issue first.. . If you do want an affordable hotel room in a great location then this is the perfect place for you.
Stayed here for a convention. It was ok. Nothing special to write about. The rooms were decently clean. Good location in the middle of pretty well everything. The pool was alright, no real themed area here.  It is Vegas, so the room is only for sleeping anyways. Not sure it is too good if you spend a lot of time at your hotel.
Yes, the location is great. But this place is dated. If our get players clu, it can steal a great rate---$100/night for a Friday and Saturday night.. . We didn't gamble here, and he sports book is it the best. Go across the Street to Aria or Caesars.  And the clientele is pedestrian at best.. No longer glitzy or glamorous, it's still a comfortable nights's stay
Our first visit to Paris Las Vegas as a room guest.  We'd been though the place before when staying at Bally's, but never had a room there, until now.  We were pleasantly surprised with our room (room 2039).  Small but well appointed, clean and easy to get to from the elevators.  I don't care for all the French theme truthfully, but that is the theme of this joint, so I coped as best I could.  We enjoyed the pool here too.  Nothing too fancy though, which is fine with me.  We'd stay here again, but probably won't unless it's comped.  We aren't strip people.....prefer off strip or downtown.  It was a good stay though, and I'd recommend it to anyone.
I guess for $100 a night on a weeknight it wasn't bad and the location is great!  The pool is large and nice with the Eiffel tower overlooking th pool but no shade at this pool and no umbrellas!   You have to follow the sun to try and find a sliver of shade.  The rooms are nice but my girlfriend and I didn't want two queen beds but they didn't offer a king bed at that rate.  Bathroom is nice but shower was weak.  The casino is smoky and very pedestrian.  Not a classy hotel at all.. PS. There is a crepe stand in the hotel that makes unbelievable creeps for $11 each.  All kinds.  Weate there four times in three days.
PARIS meets Las Vegas!. . I remember when Paris Las Vegas opened back in 1999 as part of the Las Vegas building boom after the Bellagio opened and the hotel use to be upscale just like the Venetian with its fake Parisian city streets, French restaurants and street performers but sadly this hotel is starting age just like Planet Hollywood and Luxor unless Harrah's does a major overhaul with the rooms and interior details like room renovations, repainting lobby and other public areas. . . The room I stayed in was comped meaning deluxe or basic was just ordinary the old 90's tube TV, peeling wall paper and paint in the room and bathroom, old carpet and outdated furniture, unless you want to upgrade to a Red Room (Higher floor room with updated furniture). But who stay's in their room to watch TV when you can do that at home. All you need are the basic necessities in the room, a clean bed, room and working bathroom and I must admit I just stay in the room about 4 -5 hours a day just to sleep and maybe watch some news on TV but then after that, I'm out and about. A good plus is that it's connected to Bally's so if I want to get away from the 100 + Vegas heat, I can just walk through Bally's and into Paris without walking outside.. . The pool is just bland with a round shape with a good amount of trees for shade and relaxation from the desert sun and feels good when the breeze hits you while enjoying your tan. The Eiffel Tower is just right above the pool so that give you a lot of photo ops and you have a nice view of Planet Hollywood on your left side, Bellagio just north of you and some times you can hear the fountains playing with Andrea Bocelli singing in the background giving you some of that Vegas feel and west of the pool is the North Tower at Ballys. What I dislike about this pool is the music system because they use to have a surround sound system around the pool area but now they have a DJ that plays horrible music (Top 40's, and some classic pop) but probably stopped using the surround sound due to cut backs just like the street performers in the fake city streets in the lobby.. . This resort is more like an average type of resort but to Harrah's it's one of there top tier hotels just like Caesars and Planet Hollywood but even Planet Hollywood is starting to show it's age. The central location is perfect but the hotel price is a bit too much for the type of quality you'd get at other 4 star Vegas strip hotels like The Mirage, Treasure Island, New York New York and Mandalay Bay. . . Minus one star for no complimentary Wifi and another minus another star for the outdated room. . . I would stay here again if the room was comped, the rate is decent and for the central location.
I've enjoyed the few hours I spent in this casino over the years, so I decided it was time to give it a full go.. . Check-in was fast, partly because I got there extremely early (before 11am), and I was willing to pay the $28 early check-in fee (I wanted a nap).  The room was nice without being extravagant - king bed with plenty of pillows, separate shower and tub.  The towers lead out to different directions from the elevators, meaning no navigating directions to get to your room.. . I found a few places I liked to eat - Boulangerie for their smoked salmon sandwich, Mon Bon Ami for breakfast, Gordon Ramsey's for their beer and appetizers - but that was about it - there isn't a large variety here.  As far as gaming, I found myself going to the same machines and tables - I'd definitely play poker elsewhere.  Same goes for the clubs and bars.. . It was nice, but nothing that made me want to immediately go back.
Spent time in the Paris getting lunch and hanging out!!  It was nice!  Smoky ,but nice!!
I was impressed with Paris, though I wasn't surprised by anything. In order to get the full experience for the hotel we were staying at, we spent a fair amount of time walking around and partaking in all of the things it had to offer. . . The view from the top of the "Eiffel Tower" was lovely, and a great way to start our night at Paris. . . We ate at the steakhouse in the corner of the Casino, seated outdoor with views of the Bellagio fountains. Delightful drinks, great food. Another check!. . We walked around the casino floor. Nothing to write Yelp about. . . The room could have been transplanted from a Comfort Inn or Holiday Inn or something, and I wouldn't have known the difference. Granted, I didn't splurge for the nicest room, but didn't settle for the cheapest view. My middle of the road room was slightly below expectations, but maybe my expectations were too high. This isn't the newest, most modern hotel, and it suffered from some of Las Vegas' history. The room was a little smokey even though it was non-smoking, and looked well-worn. . . But the bed was comfortable, and after countless hours walking the strip and casino floors, that's really all that matters. I would come back again with a great deal, but otherwise, try something else for the modern Vegas experience.
Hotel Decor/Lobby/Eateries/Ambiance = 5/5. . Hotel Room/Cleanliness=2/5.. . The hotel itself is lovely. Glittering chandeliers, boisterous crowds, general amicability from the staff (April at the front desk is a 6/5), all of it lends itself to the positive hum not only of gay Paree but also buzzin' Las Vegas. BUT!. . Staying at Paris was like the cursed, gradual decline of a bad relationship. Everything is platinum when you walk in, but then disappointment takes hold when you see your girlfriend without makeup for the first time (i.e. when you finally get a look at the coupon booklet you paid extra for that, turns out, is NOT worth the additional money). . . Then you find out she's a sloppy drunk (or when you are told no, there are no king-sized beds left, even though that is what you specifically booked. Are you happy with the two queens, ma'am?). . . And finally, you realize you've both gained fifteen pounds, she lost her job, and you've picked up smoking ( the room is dingy, the shower water reeks of rotten eggs -thanks, sulfur- and the tiny shampoo and conditioner are Not. Even. Worth. Stealing).. . Darn you, Paris!. . But....we were hardly in the room, so if you can get a deal, I'd recommend it. For the lobby. And for April. Use the coupon booklet for the buy one, get one and go see Jubilee at Bally's, and take your picture in front of the Eiffel Tower.. . Enjoy!
Stayed there for a week long conference. prices at their bar downstairs are ridiculously expensive. Hotel overall seemed kind of run down and dirty. Service was ok. . . I'd rather stay at the Bellagio.
Pretty nice for a moderately-priced Vegas hotel.  Location was excellent and the casino in the lobby was a lot of fun.. . The towels could have been a bit nicer quality for Vegas but overall, the room was nice and clean.  The hallways and common areas could use a little maintenance -- some chips on the wall and peeling wallpaper -- but inside the room, it was fine.. . We booked this hotel because it's one of the few that doesn't charge a ridiculous "resort fee" on top of the room rate.  Internet was $12/day though so I recommend skipping that.
Pros: . Location is center strip, close to everything. PH next door, Bellagio across the street. There's a new Walgreens at the corner of The Strip/Harmon in case you need anything.. . Clean, spacious basic room w/big chair, sofa, coffee table and a desk. . . Clean, spacious bathroom with separate tub and shower. . Cons:. Bed isn't great- you can feel the springs. Flat screen TV is to the left of the bed, so you'd have to watch it from your oh so quaint French styled couch-lol- not a big deal, but odd. . If you self park, prepare for a trek to registration all the way at the front of the hotel.. . got a great deal through signing up for their emails and Cyber Monday;would return again
Stayed over Christmas in a "Red Room" on floor 29, which looked remodeled and had some nice features like a mini-fridge and coffee-maker (a rarity in vegas) and 42 inch flat screen TV.  The view was nice, of the mountains.  The bed was comfortable and room quiet.  I love the location of the Paris- just a few minutes walk away is the Planet Hollywood/Miracle Mile mall and Ballys is accessible via a short tunnel from Paris.  The faux-Paris design is nice if feeling a bit dated but worth checking out.  The service at Paris was excellent- the staff was friendly, helpful, and accommodating.. . I'm not crazy about the casino, however, I found it cramped and crowded with few modern games.  I also found it impossible to get a free drink here even after sitting at a slot for over an hour. The restaurants were expensive and crowded, so I recommend walking through the tunnel and spend some time at Ballys.  The casino there is much larger and varied, and restaurants not as crowded.  A tip- hit "Nosh" which is near the casino front corner and open until 1am for a quick snack.  The pizza place at Paris had about 20 people in line but Nosh was quick.  I also enjoyed a good breakfast at the mexican restaurant at the back.  There's a lounge near the back which usually has some entertainment going on in the evening.
We didn't stay here but we did walk through a couple times, we really like the ambiance and the feel of being in Paris on a spring day. We ate at the cafe inside and enjoyed the atmosphere while walking around, it was warm and cheery while being on the casino floor.  The location on the strip is great, it's right in the middle of everything and walk away from everything in them middle of the strip. It's located next to Planet Hollywood and the Miracle Mile shopping center. These properties are part of Caesars, along with many other properties.
Paris hotel has a hint of a 19th Century theme, so don't expect it to be very "modern". It's more focused on the well known Parisian elegance and opulence. It has some ups and downs, for instance; in one hand the rates are fair, the newly re-modeled rooms are very spacious and comfortable, and the staff was very friendly and helpful; at least the few I interacted with. On the other hand; the bad hand, cleanliness and upkeep is only a facade until you get to your room. In one of the stands in the room, there was a dried up fluid stain in the surface. In addition, the love-seat in the room had a 2-3 inch tear in the back rest. How long has that been there? no way to tell. The hotel seems to have a constant costumer tempo and shutting a room down for every minor repair is preposterous. However, a thorough cleaning before/after a costumer is not too much to ask, is it? and how hard is it to stitch up a  torn fabric? Because of the lack of attention to detail is why Paris deserves a border-line three our of five.
Paris Las Vegas Hotel is conveniently located in the heart of the Strip. It is next to the hotel "Belliz" and "Aladdin" and across from the "Bellagio". This 34-story building, repeating the historic hotel "De Ville" in Paris in France. On the hotel Paris Las Vegas features original designs Parisian attractions, including a 50-story half-scale copy of the Eiffel Tower, Arc de Triomphe, the Louvre and the Paris Opera House..     Rooms at the Paris Las Vegas are elegantly furnished and decorated in a European style. Rooms are furnished in a European style with rich fabrics and marble bathrooms, with a separate shower and bathtub. The rooms comfortable spacious wardrobe and all that should be in the room 4-star hotel. .     This hotel Paris Las Vegas - bars, restaurants, banquet and meeting rooms, an outdoor pool, fitness center, spa, 33 elevators, room service. The hotel Paris Las Vegas you can get acquainted with the atmosphere of Paris. The complex vast territory for the games. You can visit the Eiffel Tower and watch the city from above. The hotel arranged theater performances and shows. It also has three halls, clubs and bars. Shoppers will be able to give vent to in shops in a typical Parisian boulevard. The hotel has a business center. The two churches are wedding ceremony.. Must visit thing is their Eiffel Tower restaurants, but it's sweet shop isn't that good
Oh Paris, what happened? We used to love staying here, but this time may have been our last. The restaurants are still good, but the drink service is nearly non-existent in the casino, and the rooms are very outdated. Also, the casino had a stronger smoke smell than other casinos we visited (MGM, Mirage, etc). . I was happy to see an empty fridge in the armoire replacing the old tube tv, but later that happiness was replaced by shock. Who decided to place the new flatscreens way to the side of the bed?  . . My husband and I were enjoying our kid-free holiday and watched several of your $15 in-room movies during our stay. However, we were forced to either get cricks in our necks or move to the very uncomfortable french style couch in order to view them. At one point, we almost moved the entire bed. . . We heard there are some renovated rooms in the upper stories, so be sure to ask for them.
The cigaret smell is too strong for this hotel. It's almost every where you go, even on the non smoking floor. There is no feeling of being welcomed the whole time I stayed there, every impersonal. Bathroom is clean and modern. That cannot be said for their beds and decor. It's no different than a 50 or 80 bucks a night room. The beds are not conformable and the TV is hung to the side.  No water bottles in the room. I'm not expecting free water bottles, willing to pay for them out of convenience but that's not an option. For the price, water should be included! Stay somewhere and come in and walk around if you just want to check out the scenes and Effel tower. There's no need to pay high price for medium priced room. You have to pay $25/day to use their gym.
This hotel is really really pretty! I have been to Paris and the paintings on the main floor are pretty unreal! I have definitely stayed in nice hotels but it really does have an airy feel which I have found is hard to find at a lot of hotels in Vegas.
Beautiful rooms but will not go back. It was lacking a lot of customer service.
This is one of those Casinos that I had passed by on my last four trips to Vegas, but never went in. This time I went in on a buzzed whim, it seemed fairly well themed, though falling apart just like Disneyland. Unlike at NY NY, they actually have the tables *on* the street...not on carpet. I felt this was a nice touch, though it seemed not to help my luck at all. I can't say that I enjoyed the vibe here, but its worth a look. The cocktail waitress' here came off as creepy.
I liked Paris! I felt like it had that European feel. We did take a ride up the Eiffel Tower and you get to take professional pictures, which of course are optional to buy. The view of the Strip from up above is pretty cool. The casino was okay. The service was great! My friend lost her bag of souvenirs there and we went to Lost & Found to check with them. Everyone was willing to help. Luckily, they called as soon as we left the office and said the bag had turned up! I thought the outside was nicer than the inside, but I enjoyed spending some time here.
This review is based on slots gaming, dining and general wandering of the casino floor; I've never stayed here.. . Paris is a casino that we often visit when we're in Las Vegas. The vibe is lively, there are a great variety of slot machines on the floor and the staff has always been friendly when we interact with them here, from Valet to Total Rewards to restaurants (especially Mon Ami Gabi and with the exception of Le Village Buffet, which is horrible). We have had great gambling luck here, but that's just luck of the draw - ANY casino can be lucky and any casino will take you off at the knees.. . Located mid-Strip, this isa fantastic location that is walking distance to other properties nearby. . . Paris has some great dining going on, from Mon Ami Gabi, which I HIGHLY recommend, to a GREAT little place (huge apologies, the name escapes me at the moment) that serves pizza by the slice - PERFECT hangover food and quite tasty, to boot! Without making this a Mon Ami commercial, that is our go-to restaurant at Paris, and we love it. Sitting outside on the patio and watching the fountains of Bellagio across the Strip while enjoying a meal... absolute Heaven.. . Gordon Ramsay Steak recently opened at Paris to rave reviews, but I haven't had the chance to check it out, although it is on my To Do List for a future trip!. . As I mentioned, this is part of the Caesar's group, so don't forget to use your Total Rewards card when playing here.. . The best news regarding Paris in a long time: they're finally refurbishing the damned faded balloon out front! It's about time!
This review is based on Paris Las Vegas' conference facilities.. . I was in town for a....you guessed it, a conference. I learned from someone in the know that there were approximately 900 attendees, so not super huge, but not tiny, either. I liked the ease of finding meeting rooms at Paris. They were blocked together, so it was great not to risk missing a session start time because of walking long distances between one room and another. Paris also earned extra points for supplying towels for participants - it was a fitness/exercise science conference. Bathrooms were clean the one and only time I used the facilities.. . Paris lost points for stained carpeting. I may not have ordinarily have noticed the problem, but there were workout sessions being performed on it. Sometimes in bare feet. Ick. Another point off for tech staff. Maybe it was an off-week or perhaps budget cuts got rid of necessary bodies, but I saw a handful of problems that weren't addressed right away. The most flagrant wasn't entirely Paris' fault. One of the presenters was trying to load her Mac-based presentation on a PC. Wasn't gonna happen. Tech staff messed with her presentation for, no joke, 15-20 minutes, 10-15 of which session goers witnessed because everything they tried was illuminated on the screen. If *I* know something technology-related is not going to work before IT staff can figure it out, that's just sad. But, seriously, the presenter should have brought her Mac/iPad with her to connect with the projector.. . All told, points added and removed will figure into an average rating. Good job, Paris. And oopsy, Paris.
Really hoped for more. Not worth the extra dollars. Love the Mon Ami Gabi restaurant, but the hotel just didn't live up to my hopes.
Great location and lots of charm.  Rooms were nice, good selection of restaurants at all price ranges.  The bakery was great for a snack or cup of coffee.  $20.00 resort fee was annoying as this isn't really a resort and I am not at all sure what it is for!  Pool was cold and most of lounge chairs were broken.  Pool staffwould not allow any more than 1 towel per person, no food service at the pool, etc.  . . The front desk staff was very hit or miss.  They were civil, but just barely.  Not helpful or very friendly.  Bell staff was great, as were the housekeeping crew.      . . Eiffel Tower is fun and great if you can catch the fountains show from Bellagio while you're up there.  Location is so great that I would stay again.
Just stayed at Paris with my family and dog.  I like the fact that Paris is pet friendly.  The room itself was a little small and a littled warn.  My wife and I have stayed here before and had nicer rooms.  It might have been becasue these were pet friendly rooms.  The room was relatively clean and no animal ordors.. . Dealers here were very nice, especially Enrique, who was dealing 21+3.  Very friendly and the kind of dealer who really enhances the fun of the game.  Overall, I'd recommend Paris, especially if you have a dog.  One of the few places on the strip that accommodates for this.  We would have enjoyed a slightly larger "bathroom" area for the dog but what they had worked just fine.
I'm not much for the atmosphere here, fake titties & real a holes. everyone walking around here thinks they are on reality TV & their crap smels like Kors & Coach. Didn't really interact with the employees or get a chance to stay here so my review is just on the atmosphere. I never really waned to pretend I was more than I really was but if I did this would be a good place to start. Go team snooki!
The Good, Bad and Ugly of the Paris Las Vegas - OK the good, well location, location, location.  We loved that the Paris is centrally located across from Bellagio and Caesars & the Forum shops, and a short walk to MGM and New York.  Our check in was easy and quick..5-10 minutes max!  Staff were friendly and professional.   The rooms were clean, quiet, and the bathrooms were large and very nice!   The coffee shop opens early and was a great place for morning coffee.  The casino was nice and a friend won money each night, including $2,000 on the last night.. The Bad, the views for the cheaper rooms are as you would expect, of the roof!   The lower floors had even worse views.    The restaurants are popular and without reservations far in advance we were unable to get in to either the Steak house or Mon Ami Gabi   I didn't anticipate having such a long wait to catch taxis to get to the airport, and was late getting to the airport!  (Get in line earlier than you expect).  . The ugly, the rooms aren't bad,  but run down.  We didn't find stains on the bed or furniture, but we did encounter stains on the floor under the ottoman, very similar to the pictures posted below. Looks like when they cleaned the carpets the furniture bled onto the carpet, could have been rust.   But it was minor over all.   We enjoyed out stay, loved the location and overall it was a good experience, just not exceptional or fancy.
Nice rooms. Nothing over the top, but definitely a nice hotel. I wasn't happy that an outdoor concert on a Thursday night was audible in my room ... and I was on the 26th floor. The concert went until 11:30p.. . I guess it's Vegas, so that's OK? I'll return to the hotel, but I will get a room facing away from Las Vegas Blvd next time!
Paris is a great mid-range hotel in a convenient location on the strip. I've stayed at Caesar's in the past and my husband has stayed at Bellagio so Paris didn't blow us away like some of the more grand strip hotels; however, we were impressed with the price, the location was great, and having good places to eat right downstairs was very convenient. . . We stayed in a basic room and it was nothing special. We had a view of a rooftop and a few other buildings. That's okay, we didn't come to Vegas to hang out in our room anyways! Our bathroom was huge, there was a nice flat screen TV, and I was happy to have an empty mini-fridge that we could actually use! Our only complaint was the college dorm sized mini ironing board and crappy iron. It was impossible to use. . . The pool was a nice size and not too crowded. Chairs would fill up by about 1pm, but the staff were pretty good about going around and removing towels from chairs that were no longer being used. Most of the pool area is in the shade until about noon and then it gets sunnier. My only complaint was I don't really remember seeing any umbrellas so we were stuck in the hot sun. The pool was also freeeezing cold! . . We had breakfast at Mon Ami Gabi two mornings in a row and it was fantastic! If you go before 9am, there is no wait and you can easily get a table outside or on the patio. I used the Open Table app to make reservations and adjust them if needed so we didn't have to wait. We also enjoyed lunch at Le Burger and Le Pizza was convenient to grab a slice when we arrived. We were in Vegas for a very short trip so having places close by and being in a central location was very convenient.
I love this hotel and the restaurants in it  however upon our last stay last week we asked if there were any local deals for an upgrade the woman replied yes I will upgrade you to the red room. My husband replied we paid for the red room and the woman said ok then theres no upgrades for locals - come on dont lie to us! Room wasnt ready at 3.30 when we checked in and we were asked if we wanted 2 queens when we booked a king. Baggage was a disaster as you have to go outside and wait in another line. Mini bars have been taken out of the rooms - feels low class - going to stick with the cosmo snd Wynn next time. I wish I had a better experiences I wanted to love this place.
The hotel is very pretty --  you can spend an hour just looking around. In particular, the chandeliers located in the "check-in" area are absolutely gorgeous. . . The location of the hotel is fantastic. You can get most anywhere on the strip (the heart of the strip) with a short walk. . . My biggest issue with this hotel is the check-in. I stood in line for over 45 minutes just to pick up a key (the hubby was already there). We walked by the entrance many times during our short time there -- there was ALWAYS a crazy, long line. . . To their credit, they did give my hubby a wonderful room upgrade. We really appreciated that! . . All in all - we might go back.
Is there trouble is Paris?  We've stayed here at least four times and this last visit has me a little concerned.  After checking in we made our way to the room.  I took note that there was a tray of room service on the hall floor several rooms down from us.  Guess what?  Still there at 11:00am the following day.  Gross.. . We intended to spend a lot of time at the pool to, hopefully, stay away from the urge to gamble.  Not impressed with the pool.  Half of the lounge chairs were broken.  Lukcily we got there early and were able to search around for those that weren't.  Even the chairs that were operational we filthy...literarally moving them around left us with blackened hands and clothing.  . . Their saving grace?  Mon Ami Gabi.  We always eat there at least once.  This trip?  Four visits.  More on that in their reveiw.. . Viva Lost Wages!
Oh Paris... how you have disappointed me.... . We were on our honeymoon, and had chosen Paris as our hotel.  Plenty of friends who honeymooned in Vegas has highly recommended Paris because of it's "romantic" vibe, location on strip and the perks they offered for newlyweds.. . Well, it was a whole different story for us.  We arrived late for check-in, it was almost 9pm by the time the airport shuttle dropped us off.  We had indicated in our online reservations that it will be a late check-in, on our honeymoon, and requested a King bed.  When we got there, we mentioned that we were on our honeymoon.  We got a generic "congratulations" but nothing more than the usual check-in shenanigans.  We were assigned to the 32nd floor so we were super excited.  But the excitment soon faded as we entered our hotel room.  It was a small, 2-queen bed room which was a "connecting room" to a suite next door.  The only saving grace was the view from the room.  I was instantly disappointed due to the small room and 2 beds.  We later asked the front desk about switching, and they told us it would be the same size room but maybe an even lower floor so we decided just to keep this room.. . . The pool area was decent.  There were limited menus the few days we were there, and nothing on that interested us, so we didn't even order anything to eat or drink.. . The one thing I do like about Paris is that location.  It was right in the center of the strip and it was very convenient to get to either South or North of the Strip.  Casars Palace, the Bellagio, Bally's, Flamingo, Planet Hollywood, The Quad, Cosmopolitan etc are all within reach.  The Miracle Mile Shops at PH was my favorite place to spend some time to get away from the outside.. . Paris in general was a pretty small hotel.  The casino area is tiny, not a lot of choices on dining.  We did do a dinner at the Eiffel Tower Restaurant (more on that in a separate review) but nothing too impressive.  I probably won't stay at Paris again next time I am in Vegas.  Would I recommend it to other honeymooners?  Perhaps.  If they were expecting contemporary, probably not.  Paris needs to rennovate their rooms and decor... it's not 1999 anymore.
Good location, the room was fairly nice. Overall, A OK. Nice cafes inside as well, decent food.
Paris Las Vegas, the definition of mediocre hotel on the Strip.  If you ask me, I think it ranks right smack in the middle, between the Tropicana's of the world and the modern Aria/Cosmopolitan.  . . Unlike Monte Carlo, it seems like they actually put some thought into this hotel.  It actually offers a variety of decent dining options, creatively designed Casino decor, and of course the replica of the Eiffel Tower.  This is why I think it is cut above the cheaper hotels.. . On the ground floor, there is Mon Ami Gabi, a classic French restaurant that offers a view of the Bellagio fountain show.  I heard that it shares the same kitchen as the restaurant up on the Eiffel Tower, but don't quote me on it.  Also, the Paris Village Buffet is one of the better buffets in the $26~$29 range.  . . The hotel rooms are quite disappointing to say the least, especially at the price they are charging.  Don't get me wrong, I'm not saying that they charge a lot, but for the quality of the room, I would expect something in the $80s rather than $120s.  Of course, prices can also go up to $200 on some nights.  One thing I really did not like about the room is it's ugly yellow wall paper.  I don't know if it's supposed to be some classic French design or what not, but my god was it ugly.  Cleanliness of the room, meh, mediocre.. . I actually liked the Casino, well the decor, not the fact that I lost most of my money here.  It tries to imitate a classic outdoor French street with blue sky ceilings and street signs.  Not bad.  Nowthey just need to work on improving the odds of winning.. . My TIP to you, the location of the hotel is very good and centralized.  So if you can look past everything else, give it a shot.  Just remember, don't expect too much.
Overall rating is more like a 3.5 stars out of 5.. . Now I know with all the reviews I've posted about the different restaurants and places I visited while in Vegas it was only a matter of time before I posted a review about where I laid my head while in Vegas. Well YC Paris Las Vegas was the winner for my first time trip.. . Okay first I'm going to discuss the check-in process. Now the check-in process was quite smooth, as long as you have the card used to book the hotel and photo Identification. But the thing I didn't care was their $25 plus tax early check-in fee that is applied to the final room charges if you decide to check-in early, which my wife and I did, because we didn't want to be sitting around waiting since we got in earlier than expected. Sigh.. . Just so you know they do allow smoking in the casino area. I personally don't have anything against smoking but I just don't like it when my clothes smell like smoke, I hope that Paris gets whatever MGM Grand has because whatever they have you can barely smell smoke in that casino.. . Okay now I'm going to discuss the actual room. I was a bit disappointed when I entered our room because since I payed additional money to get the next upgraded room I assumed that our room would be that much better from there standard rooms. However, I mistaken, although the room was quite spacious it honestly didn't feel like much of an upgrade. Also I felt that I was a bit misguided by their website because this upgraded room was suppose to have an all red lips love seat but when I entered the room this thing was brown. Not what I was expecting at all. The decor of the room did match the theme of the hotel (Which by the way is pretty cool. People were taking pictures of the decor of the main casino area because of the Paris decor) but I felt it still needed some sort of mild makeover.. . Some of the things I did like were that the rooms were cleaned everyday. Also the maids were quite patient with us being that we would always leave out of the room later than the maids expect so they would always ask us if we would like our room cleaned, and if so how long my wife and I needed to get ourselves together. No matter if it was 30 minutes or 1 hour they would return after that to clean our room. Also the our room itself was in an excellent location because not only was the view of Las Vegas Nevada breathtaking from our room but it is also right across the street from the Ballagio and if you are lucky enough like we were you could see portions of the Ballagio water show from the room. In addition to that I enjoyed that our hotel was connected to Bally's because, that hotel housed two restaurants that I enjoyed visiting and would absolutely visit again when I go back and they are Le Burger and the Tequila Bar.. . I think Paris is a decent hotel and I would go back again but I will make an effort to try other hotels before making this the hotel of choice when visiting Vegas.
Its just a casino hotel that needs updating. The only reason it gets three stars is because its in a good location on the strip. You can walk to alot of the other hotels from the Paris hotel. We were greeted in our room by the clogged bathroom sink which they fixed without us asking. I think they realized it when they cleaned our room. The bed, pillows and towels are not that comfortable. The pool area needs an upgrade. So many of the pool area chairs are broken and people are always looking around for a chair that works. The gym was nice and the staff were nice as well. Gordon Ramsey Steak is located in the casino which is a great addition. I also love Mon ami Gabi for breakfast. Paris needs a little work buts its still ok. If you want a spectacular room this is not the place for you.
I really enjoyed my stay here over this last weekend, we had an amazing view of the tower and the strip. Room was clean and comfortable and a good size.   I do wish there was a place to hook up music however. My one big complaint was the spa, mainly customer service. They would not give us a tour, gave us the excuse it is clothing optional. I stayed at Hard Rock as well as Bellagio and they were happy to give us a tour. To top it all off have the amenities, steam shower and jaccuzi were under repair. Oh but you can use our sister hotels facilities next door. We asked if their facilities were in working order, then at that point they mentioned they thought something there was down there too. I had amazing service at the other spas, they were all about customer service.
My husband seemed to like this casino, but I got a creepy vibe from it that I cannot completely understand. I feel like its a ton overrated, however I was super impressed by the Eiffel Tower - they did an amazing job with that.  I didn't appreciate the booty shaking girls on stage nor the hooker-esk ensembles they made the cocktail girls wear, much less classy then MGM, Bellagio & Caesars.. just saying [yeah I know its Sin City, im not an idiot- and NO thats not why my husband liked it better then me]. I thought they had a weak selection of tables and slots.. nothing really interested me! meh.
Paris, France isn't what it used to be and neither is the "Paris" hotel. Still, when I see the Arc de Triomphe replicate, my heart flutters as fondly as ducks on a pond. #poetry
Hotel is very expansive and has a lot variety in shops and restaurants on the premises. The pool is very unique.  Staff was very nice and helpful.  Checkin took a bit but to be expected.  Only two downsides, the Internet was very slow during the day and we got hacked when we were there and be careful of a food credit to bill, only certain premises restaurants accepted the credit
I Was there from Thursday to Sunday. I cannot complain about the price - since the room was ordered from an agency outside of the country - and it was half price of what I found online. (Vegas.com, Expedia, hotels.com). . The location of the hotel - 5 stars - right In the best part of the strip. Casino - 5 stars. Professional dealers and plenty of games. . Food - 2 stars. No Starbucks in The hotel. . No 24/7 restaurant. You have to walk all the way to Bally's to grab a slice of pizza or subway at 3 am when you really need it . . . The room - 2.5 stars  - the bed - horrible. Springy and cheap. Felt really bad ony back. . (I am 31 years old , not 75 - and still it was bad) . For some reason they decided to locate the tv away from the bed - so it's not convenient to watch from the bed. The room was clean and felt expensive. But I wouldn't expect anything else from a hotel that is on the strip. . Average - 3 stars. I would come back again because its a good value fort vacation. . I must also state that I have been in Vegas many times and for someone who is there for the 1st time - the hotel would probably be amazing. ;-)
We stayed here this weekend for two nights. We did not pay for the room as my stepmom was able to get it for free. Yay for free rooms! Overall, this place was just okay, I don't think I would try to make reservations here, but if I got another free room, I would take it.. . We had the Red room, which I have heard is better than the standard room. The room was cute, very modern. The bed was SUPER comfortable for me. I have back problems and usually sleeping on any bed but my own causes me to have back pain in the morning. So I came armed with my magic pills, but never needed to take them. My back felt great all weekend!. . The bathroom was spacious, I liked all the counter space. The tub was nothing special. . . The A/C didn't work too well. We like it cold when we sleep and we had it turned all the way down to 68 but there was no way it was any cooler than 78. The room had kind of a musty smell.. . There is a mini fridge in the room, which we liked since we had leftovers from dinner at Craftsteak. I always hate when we eat there and have to toss the leftovers because our room doesn't have a fridge, so it was nice that we could bring them back.. . The casino is okay, although pretty small. I got lucky and hit a couple jackpots this weekend (yay!) so I shouldn't really complain about that.. . The "big" bar on the way to the elevators is actually really small and has zero ambiance. The best part is sitting near the walkway and people watching. I visited the smaller bar in the middle of the casino once and it took forever to get a bartender to help me, even though there were only three other people there.. . The valet blows. Every time we took our car out we had to wait quite awhile for it. And, you know, it's freakin hot in Vegas. Well they have misters, but they are not turned on. So we were dying waiting for the car. Dropping off was also a hassle, it's like they don't have enough valet people. Maybe they all called out sick this weekend? One of the times we dropped our car off, I am not kidding, we waited 30 minutes for somebody to come take our keys. Ridiculous. . . Glad we got the room for free, glad the bed was comfy, glad I won some money. But like I said, this place isn't at the top of my list of hotels to stay at in Vegas.
The hotel itself is very nice. The rooms are extremely clean. Make sure to ask for a room facing the Bellagio. It's a great view. . . I only gave it 3 stars though because the front desk staff are extremely rude and condescending. You would think that with so many hotels to choose from they would be friendly but I guess not.
I tried to really love the hotel but I didn't. I mean the location was great but we were given a really old room. The wallpaper was peeling in the bathroom, and the tub looked old. Although we had the do not disturb sign on our doors every morning, we still managed to be awakened by our loud speaking maids. This made me cranky and I was supposed t be enjoying this vacation. Our front desk clerk did not tell us there was a resort fee.  We would've utilized the Internet services if we knew.  I like the restaurants and shops at Paris but I'm not so sure I would stay here again.
Just stayed here and even though I loved the casino and location, I just couldn't get over the fact that the rooms are so poorly insulated.  You can hear everything thru their walls!  It sometimes literally sounded like the people talking outside the door were in our room.  The beds were oh so comfy, and their curtains really blacked out all light.  I glanced over their room service menu, and it wasn't the greatest.  There was nothing that appealed to me, a very boring and basic selection. . .  We got amazing customer service from everyone that worked here.  That alone will make me come back, next time I guess I gotta pack ear plugs?
I think whether or not you like the Paris depends totally on what you are looking for. The Paris is an upscale hotel/casino with some beautiful architecture, a scale version of the Eifel Tower and a casino floor that is designed to look like, well..... Paris. I love walking through this casino and just checking out all the sights. . . My only complaint is everything is insanely expensive. We paid $18 for a glass of wine and a domestic beer. I went for a cigar and ended up paying $17 for an average cigar. So if you come here, be prepared to drop some serious cash. . . That said, it's no more expensive than any other south Strip casinos, so as long as you're prepared for the sticker shock, you'll have a great time enjoying the ambiance.
My husband and I just spent the weekend there. This was Mexican Independence Weekend in Vegas and there were a lot of good performers, shows and of course, the boxing match. We are from California and we decided to stay at the Paris as it is centrallylocated across from Bellagio and a short walk to Caesars. The room we stayed was a  suite in room 729P. It was a great big room--I felt like it was a small apartment. It was comfortable and came with the bare necessities. That is just it--the bare necessities. For the price we paid, it would have been nice to have some robes like many high end hotels offer and a makeup mirror. I was excited to have a vanity,  but the lighting was poor and so I didn't use it. The  safe was on the shelf in the closet and was so high that you cant see inside of it. Not very smart to put a safe so high--what if I was very short person? What if I was elderly and couldnt reach?  I also hate having a sink in my bedroom, it makes me feel like I am staying in a motel rather than a nice hotel. I decided I don't like Parisian decor-- flowery and outdated. We loved the Mon Amie Gabi Steakhouse--highly recommend it. But honestly, the drinks in the casino are watered down --I guess I shouldn't expect a good drink if I am getting it for free while I am gambling. But even at the bar, they didn't have a good bottle of tequila. If you think silver Patron is a good tequila, you don't know tequila. No anejos--not a complete  bar. We went over to Caesars and they did have good tequila--come on, not everyone drinks vodka and gin. But to be fair, the service was very good and always has been when we go to the bar at kiosk.   The workers are friendly.   The Fitness room was well equipped and had water and fresh fruit. Why we have to pay a resort fee to use it-- I don't know. They allowed one device for free WiFI--really, most people have their own device--Get with the 21st Century digital community!    Paris is expensive for what you get.  All in all, stay at the Paris if you want the basics, but high end, not really. It's comfortable and clean.
The rooms are very small but the location of the hotel is great! They put much detail into the rooms to make it Parisian but forgot to consider the blueprints when planning this hotel and the actual sizes of the rooms. The connections to Bally's is convenient and the locations of the casino exits to the sidewalk to the strip is above average. Their valet is one of the best on the strip!
Nice place,specially they a have a good choise of restaurants
This is for the Casino only as I've not stayed in the hotel.. . The casino floor is alive with the sounds of bells and whistles, the whirl of a thousand different lights and the cheers of people from everywhere. To me, it was, really, just another pretty casino.  . . I liked the attention to detail, loved how the ceiling was painted in the soft blues with the cloud cover, to appear like a spring time day.  Of course, since you can't really tell what time it is, you spend So much more money.. . The slots?  Well, they weren't terribly loose, but I did fine a machine or two who liked me. I found a few more who really resented me. *chuckles.* That's Ok though, I went in with money to burn.  . . I also played roulette for the first time, having been given an assingment from a friend.  When I placed my bet (Black 4, $10) One of the other players put his token there too. *grin* Saying that if I'd been told to do it, there must be something to it. Sadly, we both lost our bet. :) That's ok, I get lunch out of the deal when I get home. . . All in all, I found the casino floor to be nice, if convolutedly laid out.  I think that the person who designs them needs to spend more time on FLOW. . . The shops at the back were nice, I noticed that many of the shop keepers seem to have "french" accents. I could be wrong.
We had to add an extra night to our vegas vacation due to weather in dallas. We decided to move to the paris from mandaly bay  to try something mid strip. My wife is a big fan of paris so she was very excited. We visited the restaurant the previous day so we thought since that went well the move would work out. The check in process was terrible. The clerk was the absolute rudest person I've dealt with. I could finish a question or sentence without her rudely interrupting. She was short and terrible to my wife and I. She spoke to us like we were half wits and didn't deserve to stay at the paris. I walked away appalled at how we were spoken to at a vacation resort. I let management know I needed to speak to someone asap. The assistant manager called me within the next hour and apoligized graciously. She was very nice and apologetic. She comped a few things and let us check out late for free. Every other encounter with employees at the paris was above average or even amazing. The check in clerk was an abysmal at customer service hence I couldn't give 4 stars. We will come back cause the other 90% of our stay was great. Decent rooms and fun atmosphere.
From the outside, Paris Las Vegas looks so beautiful and luxurious! The location is dead center on the strip and is located next to many of the other wonderful casinos on The Strip. . . I've been to the top of the Eiffel Tower and the views are absolutely beautiful! Overlooking the street at that height takes your Vegas experience to a whole different level. I highly suggest paying for the ride to the top and also make sure you go at night to see all of the beautiful lights. . . Now to the rooms:. . Basic double bed room: It's just your typical room with the normal amentities. The only thing that stands out to me was the view that we had. We were able to see the Bellagio fountain show throughout our stay. Other than the gorgeous view, the room was pretty dated.... . Suite: Not exactly sure what the suite was called, but I went inside after making some new friends at one of the clubs. The room was your basic suite with two bedrooms, kitchen, dining table, but the thing that really stood out was they had 8 bathrooms! Why must a suite need 8 bathrooms? I honestly don't have the answer to that, but I guess it can be fun going to a different bathroom throughout your stay..? Overall, thought the suite wasn't as nice as some of the other suites that I've stayed at on The Strip. It's the perfect room for a group of girls though since we all know how much girls need their space to do make-up and all that! . . Overall, Paris is a nice hotel, but it's not the best.
We ate at Gordon Ramsey's steak in the Paris hotel. Although pricey is was delicious. The casino was ok nothing great. Needs to be updated. The inside really does have a Paris vibe. Eiffel Tower is really pretty and they have a restaurant in it.
Pretty enjoyable stay. Hotel is older, but still glamorous and plenty romantic. Great location, superb views, walking distance from everything. Many places to choose from as far as food and entertainment. FYI, valet parking at the hotel is free and it's the best way to do it, unless you want to drag your luggage through casino all by yourself for no good reason:). We saw a lot of people trying to save $5 for tip and ending up pretty pissed when they found out that the suffering could have been avoided:). . Checking out could get tricky, so use express check-out if you can, to avoid 20-30 min wait.... Staff is helpful and knowledgeable. Do not use room phone for anything!  My kid called our cellphone, ended up paying $$$$$ for few minutes of airtime.
not as new as some others on strip street
Location: Fantastic. This is right in the middle of the strip, across the street from the Bellagio and next door to the Planet Hollywood shopping area.. . Rooms: Good for the price that we paid. We went over Christmas and paid about $50 for the room only (+ $20 for the resort fee, below).. . Additional Fees: You have to pay a $20 "Resort Fee" to use WiFi for one device only + get access (two passes per day) to the fitness center/spa.. . Fitness center/spa: The fitness center was okay. There were several treadmills, a few elliptical machines, and several weights. I'm so glad that they had free weights and a few mats for yoga/abs/whatever. They also had tons of water. The "spa" area also had tons of water, some coffee, and some tea. Get a locker key and slippers from the front desk of the "spa" area. They had a dry sauna and a steam sauna, but both weren't very hot. There was also a jacuzzi. The resort fee is worth it if you use the WiFi a lot (which I had to, for work) and if you use both the fitness center and the saunas.. . Restaurants: If you can't get a spot at Gordon Ramsey's Steak (or if you can't afford it), go to Mon Ami Gabi and see if you can get a table on the patio. Get the steak frites. Fantastic!
