The first thing that went wrong was on the wall. At first, I liked the decor --a casual, colorful blend of Chinese and Mexican motifs --Chinese opera masks, Oaxacan wood carvings, red glass lanterns, bicycle wheels on the ceiling (not sure the country, but cool). They also had portraits that were actually large projections, that switched every few minutes. So you had Frida Kahlo, the Dalai Lama (not Chinese, by the way!) and random peasants.. . What pissed me off before our food even came out was that they were projecting a photo of Mao. If you were running a German restaurant, would you put up a picture of Hitler? Because that's basically who Mao was in China. I know it's considered hip and trendy to use Mao's image as a cultural icon, but THIS MUST STOP. . . Okay, on to the food. The next thing that went wrong was they brought out the wrong order --we'd ordered duck tongue tacos, they brought the beef tendon with kumamoto oyster. My husband took a bite and realized the mistake --and also that the oyster was really off. I could smell it across the table, and no way should a fresh oyster smell that strong. Kumamotos are my favorite oyster so I am very familiar with a fresh, sweet specimen. This was wrong. . . Our server was very friendly and seemed sharp, she took it away with an apology and we got the duck tongue. I took a bite and it was pretty tasty. However, I couldn't get over the fact that I was chewing on a tongue, and tender and flavorful as it was, I couldn't take another bite. . . However, the salsa that came with the tacos was DELICOUS. I was eating it with a spoon (since I didn't want any more tongue). One of the best salsas I've had, it ranks up there with Papalote's in SF and Cancun's in Berkeley. Really amazing. . . The Beijing glass was fresh and healthy --a big mixture of chilled glass noodles and veggies. It was underdressed, however, and finally we asked for extra dressing which helped a lot. . . The gazpacho was a big surprise --we expected the traditional soup presentation, but instead, got a bowl of cut fruit, and a server squeezed orange over it, tableside. It was delicious, with jicama and dragonfruit in the mix. . . We also ordered the scallop ceviche at the recommendation of our server and this was a HUGE disappointment. For the price (about $12, I think) we got 4 bay scallops (tiny). The concept was cool --they were served on top of limes that had chiles and sugar on top. You popped the scallop and followed with a squeeze of sugary, spicy lime juice. It just underwhelmed because the scallops were so diminutive and less than stellar. For that price and with that presentation, you expect stellar and full-sized diver freshness. . . The dessert we got was great --Tres Lychees (a play on tres leches cake). The lychees came three ways --in a milk-soaked cake, whole, on top of the cake, and as a foam. . . Our whole lunch bill came to about $75, and I was still a little hungry afterwards. If you go, I recommend being extremely judicious with your ordering, read reviews to see what's good, and maybe stash a snack in your purse.. . Some people have complained that there isn't enough "fusion" on the menu --but most of the dishes (even if they're listed as "Mexican" or "Chinese" only) have a twist. We discovered that the twists are not necessarily explained on the menu, and you may get some big surprises (like our gazpacho). So I appreciate what the restaurant is trying to do --blend two disparate traditions in a delicious way, surprise with ingredients, and use molecular techniques when it enhances the food.
Conceptually "Chinese Mexican fusion," China Poblano is billed as a blending of the two rich cultures.  Located on the 2nd floor of the Cosmopolitan somewhat hidden in the back, the restaurant is certainly eye catching.  With an entryway shaped like Buddha and "Mexican Takeout" windows on either side the campy feel is palpable, but acceptable.  With an interior of communal and separate dining tables, a noodle making station, and wall decorations ranging from Chinese Opera Masks and Lanterns to Luchador Masks and Oaxacan carvings the interior was colorful to say the least.  In addition to the fixed objects there were also large morphing murals - projections of famous and peasant Chinese and Mexican individuals.  To see the restaurant is to love it-or perhaps to hate it-it is certainly over the top.. . Arriving in warm soft shells and approximately three bites each the first tastes of taco would come from Langosta.  Described as meaty lobster/mango/arbol chile sauce ($16 for 2 now, $6/e prev) the flavors were good, but unfortunately the lobster was slightly overcooked and I felt the chile sauce overwhelmed the subtleties of the sweet crustacean.. . Silencio tacos - duck tongue/rambutan fruit ($4.5/e.)  Unfamiliar with rambutan until this time I was impressed by the fleshy sweet fruit and its ability to temper the salty, savory, and somewhat chewy tongues.  While not as nuanced as some of the other tacos, these are definitely worth checking out if only to experience the ingredients at a relatively cheap price.. . The Cochinita tacos, described as Yucatan-style pit barbeque pork/marinated onions ($4/e) were good, but rather expected and unidimensional.   Savory and sweet the pork and onions melded nicely, but in total the flavor was no better or worse than a good pork taco anywhere else.. . Carnitas braised baby pig/pork rinds/spicy salsa verde cruda ($4/e prev.)  With the braised baby pig perfectly done-supple, moist and flavorful-the addition of pork rinds added a lovely degree of crunch and saltiness.  Tempering the other two dishes and adding a bit of spice plus vegetal acidity the salsa was spicy without being overly so-in my opinion they should serve this salsa instead of the chipotle version with the tortilla chips.. . Coctel de Camarones fresh shrimp/jumbo lump crab meat/tomato/avocado ($12.)  Essentially a whole lot of underwhelming salsa in a bowl with a couple of snappy sweet shrimp, thin shreds of crab, and chunks of avocado plus tortillas for dunking it was almost as if someone forgot to add salt, or spice, or vinegar, or really anything other than the listed ingredients which simply were not of all that impressive quality.. . Love Is In the Air heirloom tomatoes/sugar air ($8.88) was much simpler in ingredients and much more complex in flavor.  Nicely presented in a large bowl with what must have been two fresh whole tomatoes and a splash of vinegar the dish was topped with an "mg" manufactured foam full of delicate sweetness that acted only to enhance the natural flavors of the tomatoes beneath.. . Lamb Pot Stickers Stuck on You vegetables/crispy lace ($11.88 now, $8.88 at our visit) delivered five pockets of lamb, cabbage, radish, and smoky seasonings inside a crispy lace shell.  While slightly oily, the lamb itself was impressively cooked and not a bit gamey-with the melange of vegetables elevated by the cumin and black pepper this dish was clever and tasty with obvious contributions from both Hispanic and Chinese cultures.. . Ocean Nest scallops/crab/shrimp/pan-fried egg noodles/seasonal vegetables ($10 at our visit and now $22 w/ king crab/lobster) would be a successful yet rather ordinary dish.  With crispy noodles resting in a gentle fish broth at the base and three head-on shrimp, three scallops, and a few chunks of crab interspersed with bok choy, spinach, and onions the flavors all worked and the textures were nicely done-at $10 the dish was a steal, but lobster or not I don't think I'd recommend it at the current price point unless there was a good deal more seafood.. . The Unruly Monk with hand-cut noodles/bok choy/wild wood ear mushrooms/poached egg ($16) was served in an enormous bowl with perhaps a half liter of broth, boiled bok choy, a single egg, and a plethora of mushrooms the dish would be a nearly mirror experience of the Ocean Nest-a nicely executed dish, but no better than could be made at a local Chinese restaurant in most mid-sized US cities.. . In the end I think the verdict is still out on China Poblano - I'm not willing to rule it out, but I'm also not ready to say the "concept" (which is exactly what it is) "works."  While certain dishes worked to great effect, others merely represented decent versions of Americanized ethnic food, and some were simply underwhelming.  Looking at the menu only 2 weeks after my visit I already see many changes and given Andres' propensity for exploration I've no doubt the menu will continue to evolve as they find what works and doesn't.
I love Oyamel and Jaleo, so I was eager to see Jose Andres' latest creation, and I had really high expectations for China Poblano.  I had this idea that Mexican-Chinese fusion would be the love child of two of my favorite restaurants, Oyamel and Myers+Chang (a funky pan-Asian restaurant in Boston).  We decided to try the Asian side of the menu at China Poblano, after we realized that there weren't that many fusion dishes on the menu.. . The good: the tuna ceviche was great - the soy sauce did NOT make me think of sashimi at all! overall, it was a flavor combination that I wouldn't have thought of, and I liked the texture of the ceviche with the walnuts.  The monk's noodles had a nice texture, and I was pleasantly surprised by the fried rice - it really distinguished itself from your average fried rice.  As far as drinks go, I had a margarita with sea salt "foam" (standard at Oyamel, still tasty here).  The lemon drop with "noodles" was clever, and it tasted like your standard lemon drop.  Yes, I bought into the cutesy presentation, and I enjoyed it.. . Also good: the service.  The host table seemed a bit confused but once we were seated, everyone was great.  Our waitress had recommended the tuna ceviche to us over the scallop ceviche, since she thought the scallop portion was too small, and I always like candor from the waitstaff.  There was also a mistake at the bar, and when she saw a drink about to go to waste she brought it over to me (yay!)  The entire staff was very attentive.. . The bad: we had the "when pigs fly" pork steam buns, and something about the texture of the bao was off.  Even worse though, the meat was underseasoned.  The same thing goes for the ten treasure noodle soup and the monk's noodles - they looked great but the broth was underwhelming.  It's difficult to get the broth just right (Tampopo, anyone?) but if you can't, maybe you shouldn't offer so many noodle soups on your menu.. . I'm willing to give China Poblano the benefit of the doubt, as the restaurant was only two weeks old when we visited.  I will probably eat here again... but there are so many restaurants to try on the strip, so I'm not sure when or if I'll be back.  The bottom line is, Jose Andres does a fantastic job with Mexican cuisine and tapas, so if you're going to visit, maybe that's what you should stick with.  My visit to China Poblano just left me craving a visit to Myers+Chang and Oyamel.  I didn't take the ceviche and tacos at Oyamel for granted before, but I will certainly appreciate them a lot more on my next visit.
The concept is fancy but the flavor, lacking.. . Ordered quite a few dishes here to share between 3 people, but nothing stood out that made me want to try again next time I'm in town. The best of the dishes were on the Mexican side of the menu...all the different tacos are average to above average.. . Noodles - you automatically want to try the hand pulled noodles right away because theres always fresh noodles being pulled by the chef in the front of the restaurant. However, the dan dan noodles we tried was soggy, no texture and over cooked. ARgh, what a disappointment.. . Buns - tasted like it was reheated from the frozen varieties.. . Is it too harsh to say the next best thing to order was the Mexican Coke !!?!
Where else can you dine under the watchful gaze of Mao Zedong? It's ironic that his image is used in a restaurant since under his... um... leadership... millions starved due to his wackadoodle policies. And, let's not even mention the whole torture and death thing.. . But, I digress. My wife and I stopped by China (pronounced "chee na") Poblano after already eating dinner a couple hours earlier. So we only got 2 things. Now, on to the food.... . Langosta tacos ($16) - lobster, salsa Mexicana, arbol chile sauce. 2 per order. The lobster was a little tough and thetortilla was too small compared to the amount of filling. The tortilla was also too fragile -- it tore apart as I picked it up to take a bite. They should have doubled up the tortillas for each taco like typical street tacos.. . Coctel de camarones ($12) - fresh shrimp, jumbo lump crab meat, tomato, avocado. It's basically a soup bowl of salsa with a few shrimp and bits of crab meat and avocado thrown in. It's served cold, which I wasn't expecting. If you like fishing out your food from a bowl of salsa, this is the dish for you. I wasn't a fan.. . Singapore sling ($11). A delicious cocktail made of gin, brandy, pineapple juice and some other stuff. It goes down a little too easy.. . The bottle of coke that my wife ordered was cool. It's hard to screw up Coke.. . I really want to like this place. I love the concept and I'm a big fan of Jose Andres. I'll gladly go back to try other dishes because there are many items that sound delicious. I just hope my next meal won't be as torturous. haha... get it? Mao... torture...
While wandering around looking for a place to eat, my friends and I stumbled upon China Poblano.  Once someone pointed out to me that it is a Jose Andres restaurant, I knew I had to try it.  Although I didn't think it was his best, I enjoyed every dish I had for one reason or another.. . Like most of his restaurants, China Poblano is more of a tapas-style place in that they serve up smaller plates intended to be shared amongst a group.  Eating in this manner, I was able to try three different dishes. The first were the lamb pot stickers which were small in size, but surprisingly filling.  I enjoyed the "crispy lace" (in essence, extra fried bits from the pan, which is never a bad thing) and thought they were well made, but overall didn't find them different enough from anything I've had before.  On the other hand, the two types of tacos I tried were both tasty and very original.  The Viva China taco has soft beef tendon, Kumamoto oyster, and a touch of a slightly spicy sauce on top.  The oyster was the real standout here, as the softness of it complemented the texture of the tendon, while the natural saltiness of it really added a punch to the dish.  The other taco I tried was the Pancita al Pastor, which is slow-cooked pork belly and pineapple.  If you know me, you know I love pork belly, so this was a big winner.  The saltiness of the tender pork belly balanced so well with the sweetness of the pineapple and made for a great dish.. . We also ordered some drinks.  I shared the cold "tea" for two, which was a mixture of green tea, tequila, and beer.  The presentation was nice, as it comes out in a tea pot and is served in a couple nice glasses, but flavor was a bit off.  Although I found it a refreshing drink, I thought they added a bit too much lemon to it and wished there was more of a green tea flavor.  Another friend ordered the lemon drop "soup," a lemon vodka drink with lemon "noodles" made out of a gelatin-like substance.  It also seemed very refreshing, and the "noodles" were an interesting touch.. . Overall, I really enjoyed my lunch at China Poblano.  Although it was a little expensive for a normal lunch, spending $25 to share 3 dishes and a drink at a Jose Andres restaurant seemed pretty reasonable.  Although it wasn't quite good enough to break into 4 star territory (felt like more of a 3.5 to me) I would definitely recommend checking it out if you are a fan of his, or if you are just looking for something different to try.
This place is fun and I love the concept, but the execution culinary-wise is not quite up to snuff.. . This is an interesting concept: Take the best of both culinary cultures, and blend some to create unique dishes. It's fusion, but not totally, since some of the dishes remain faithful to the traditional recipes.. . We ordered and shared family style, so that meant we sampled a bunch of tacos and noodles. Some were nice hits, some were really bad misses.. . Highlights:. Huitlacoche Noodles - I've always wanted to try huitlacoche (corn smut fungus), and it integrates seamlessly into this Chinese-styled dish. However, they skimped on how much huitlacoche they gave. Also it takes on flavors so well that I couldn't tell what was the corn itself or if it just absorbed the black bean sauce. Still very tasty though.. Pozole - I love pozole already and it's funny because there's tons of hominy in this dish (whereas the huitlacoche was lacking). The twist is that they give Chinese shrimp crackers to dip instead. Yum.. Dim Sum - In general all the dim sum was good, but not great here.. . Lowlights:. Unholy Monk Soup - The blandest, blandest soup evar. Don't monks usually deprive themselves of earthly pleasures? Eat this and you'll feel like a monk too - this dish deprives you of all flavor. Don't give alms to this one.. Viva China Tacos - This has oysters. I pretty much only like oysters fresh & raw with lemon. When oysters get messed with any more than that, they tend to taste funky.The rest of the taco - very good. The oyster part - bad.. . So while this place has a great concept, some of the dishes just aren't very good. I like how they maintain both traditional and want to mix it up too. The bad dishes were very bad, the good dishes were pretty good. I guarantee that you'll have fun here though.
The food was good, although the servings were a little small for the price. It is an interesting fusion of Mexican food and Chinese food. Oddly, the items we ordered did actually go well together! We had the Fried Wontons (sooo yummy!), the Queso Fundido (basically just a make your own quesadilla... but the cheese was good!), and the Mongolian Beef & Lettuce (good, but the slices of meat were really small!). . . Give it a try, but be prepared to pay a little more if you are trying to get full, because you will need to order a few plates.
The Chinese-Mex concept is def interesting, but I agree with reviewers before me in that the food did not necessarily live up to expectation. Which is not to say that it was bad... just that there wasn't anything of note.. . My hot & sour soup was neither particularly spicy nor sour... but it was noticeably oily and somewhat lacking in traditional seasonings. . . On top of that, the food was overpriced for the portion sizes... if anything, the only thing I could say that was good about the price was that they decided to be cute with the Chinese side of the menu and make things $X.88 ... i.e. my soup was $8.88 --- my friend's dish was $12.88 ...  for those not in the know, 8 is a lucky # in Chinese culture... so - good try to be "in touch" and cute, but maybe knock down that first # by a few digits and then we can try to be friends.
It's Chinese.  It's Mexican. It's . . . not bad.  Ah, fusion restaurants.  So hip, so stylish.  They promise the best of both worlds.  But when they fail, the offer double the . .  . dishes that rise to the level of "pretty good".  . . For all it's hype (and man, was this place hyped as part of the newly-opened Cosmopolitan), China Poblano fails to deliver the amazing meal that could have been from the combination of Chinese food and Mexican food on one menu.  It has interesting choices, but the dishes just don't rise to the quality of thebetter Mexican and Chinese restaurants in Vegas and China Poblano is double the price.    . . First, the Mexican dishes.  We ordered several tacos.  The mole chicken was bland.  Seriously, the mole sauce was bland.  A chocolate-based sauce was bland.  The other tacos we ordered combined braised pork with a fried pork rind.  It felt gimmicky. The pork rind just took away from the impressively tender and tasty braised pork.  Remove the pork rind and that's a pretty tasty taco.  The pork itself was delicious, but not enough to bring me back when I'm craving Mexican food when Vegas has so many tasty taquerias.. . As for the Chinese offerings, we ordered the Vegetable Noodles and the bbq pork dumplings (When Pigs Fly).  The noodles were good and the sauce was delicious, but again, it just didn't rise to the level of amazing that I expected.  On a positive note, the dumplings in When Pigs Fly were tender, the bbq sauce was sweet and tangy and I recommend them if you head over to China Poblano.. . We also splurged and tried the dish "Like Water for Chocolate," which local reviewers have been raving about.  It's a tapas-sized portion of fried quail with dragon fruit in dragon fruit sauce, which is beautifully arranged (as were most dishes -- one thing this place knows is artful presentation).  But after having the dish, I don't quite understand the rave reviews.  Dragon fruit is essentially tasteless, but juicy and offers very little to the dish other than its undeniably cool name.  The waitress told us that the chefs add citrus into the dragon fruit sauce to add some flavor, but when we had it, the flavors could be described as subtle at best, and absent at worst.  The quail itself was pretty damn tasty if you don't mind crunching through a bone or two in your fried nuggets.  At $8, I'd say it's worth ordering.  At $15, stay away. . . The best parts of our meal were the fresh guacamole, pomegranate margarita and the entire desert menu.  The guacamole was exceptional and included a wonderful mix of Oaxaca cheese.  The pomegranate margarita is a little piece of food art with a sweet, sharp taste and topped with an inventive salt foam.  And this place is known for its deserts.  We had the flan and it gets a big thumbs up.. . Bottom line: 3 stars with some dishes rising to the level of "good to great," but most sitting around "not bad:.  Add in the high prices for tapas portions and it's a solid 3.  Four of the dishes made me want to cheer, the others rose to the level of not bad.
There are certain DOs and DON'Ts when planning a trip to Jose Andres' Chinese/Mexican restaurant China Poblano, located inside The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas.. . DO: pronounce the name right.. It's China, like Chee-nah, Poh-blah-no. Next person I hear calling it "Chai-nah" is getting chopsticks straight up the culo.. . DO: realize its Chinese/Mexican, not fusion.. If you're looking for wacky dishes like orange chicken tacos, it's not happening, bub. Although they have a few plates that play with both sides of the aisle (like the Viva China tacos), the "fusion," as it were, is in the juxtaposition of the cuisines. How many times have you been eating a taco and thought, "This is brilliant! Now if I only had a wonton to go with it..." I mean, if I only had a nickel for every time, right?. . DO: go in a big group.. Food at China Poblano is served dim sum style, which means you'll be ordering lots of small plates. Get a group of about 5 or 6 and have people try to order different items, and you could have a veritable cornucopia of food at your fingertips. Dim sum is most fun when you have a lot of people anyway.. . Here's the problem with China Poblano (which I believe is Spanish for "Chinese Poblano") -- there's a list of DON'Ts as well.. . DON'T: go in famished.. In fact, don't even go in quite hungry. For China Poblano'smenu is mostly "dim sum" style, which is Chinese for "frackin' small." If you're going in for a hearty meal, I'd pass right on and head down the hall to Holstein's. If you're ready to proverbially eat a horse, you'll have to get three plates in before you even register a proverbial hoof.. . DON'T: go in on a budget.. You're going to break it. I promise. The dishes range from $8 to $25. Yeah. For dim sum. I had a plate of 6 wontons, and two fish tacos. Add a Diet Coke and I was up in the $26 range. For two dishes and a soda. Again, if I had gone down the hall to Holstein's, I could have had a huge burger, fries and a beer for less.. . China Poblano is NOT a bad restaurant. The food was tasty (although I've had better Chinese AND Mexican food -- thank you Emily), the atmosphere was kitschy, and the staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. Plates usually showed up less than five minutes after you order them too, which is a nice touch. But in the end, one of the most hyped-up restaurants in the resort drops the ball somewhere along the way.. . If you REALLY must have Chinese and Mexican on the same plate on the Las Vegas Strip, there's a Panda Express that shares the same space with Chipotle next to Harrah's.
After countless stories about how great chef jose andres is i assumed this place would be absolutely amazing.  Therefore, i set my bar preeeetty high for this place and expected greatness.  What i got was decent mexican AND chinese food.  many of the reviews were right, its not some type of amazing fusion blend of the 2 but more so of the 2 cuisines in one restaurant.. . The tongue(lengua) tacos were very delicious, but after having some authentic tacos from the ghetto side of vegas, it made these ones look like a joke as there was no special kick to it.. . We also tried the dan dan noodles which were pretty unique out of all the dishes we ordered, but for some reason didnt hit the spot.  I couldn't taste too much of the unique flavors as it was just plain spicy.. . Overall, its not a horrible place, but nothing spectacular to earn a 4-5 stars in my book.
Average to meh... . Granted we were a little tipsy coming in after having a couple of pints at Todd English's P.U.B at Crystals but the food was just okay. Definitely just order from the Mexican side of menu as the Chinese we ordered was bland and barely touched. . . One good thing- the service. Everyone was friendly and willing to accommodate our semi-drunken table. Oh Vegas... . I would TOTALLY recommend Holstein's next door over China-Poblano if you are standing there conflicted between the two.
After reading the reviews, I guess I was expecting more.  We started with the setas, which were very good.  But the Caldo Tlalpeno was much more soupy than what I expected.  Unfortunately, it was followed by the Don't be Jealous (hot and sour) soup.  Although that is what we ordered, the dishes come out from the kitchen as they are ready.  It would have been better if the setas had been served between the caldo and the soup.. . But the big disappointment came at desert.  We ordered the Chocolate Terra Cotta Warriors which are described as "caramelized bananas / sesame."  But what came out was three thin cross sections of a banana and a chocolate "terra cotta warrior" on a bed of dry oreo cookie crumgs.  The chocolate was filled with a chocolate creme and there were two dollops of vanilla ice cream on the plate, but despite all of that, the desert was exceptionally dry.  great presentation, but short on the edibility scale.. . I had the Santa Quiteria with the meal.  It was so-so and the portion was among the smallest pour of any wine I had while in Las Vegas.. . I don't think this place really compares to Rick Bayless's restaurants or other top restaurants in Las Vegas.  But if you are near the City Centre and want a quick, small bite, this is a good place to go.
Great concept...not so great portion sizes.. . I reallly do love tacos from China Poblano but I don't like the prices. $15 for guac? OMG. $14 for Siu Mai? OMG!!!! I don't even remember what I paid for 2 pork belly al Pastors. . . I have eaten her 2x. Once in a hurry before entering Marquee and last  week in no rush for a late lunch. The place was calm and somewhat empty so we got great service. . . Sure they hand make dim sum here but I think they are creating dim sum for elves/fairies! I needed a microscope to see my siu mai. They are packed with flavor but not worth $14 for 6 TINY pieces. . . I think they need to work on their portions and maybe hire some dim sum chefs from the bay area. They are on point with the tacos so I won't ding em there. Just be prepared to pay a pretty penny for food that costs next to nothing at home. . . Vegas tip: Order from the to-go window if you're roaming around the hotel and try the tacos. Don't forget to order a beer!
Tapas-style Mexican food using Chinese ingredients, or vice-versa. I can't say anything about the price because we ate with on of their employees who got us 50% off.. . As far as the food goes, it was just alright. Although I admit that some of their food was creatively put together, it wasn't something I would go back for.. . If you're looking for something similar, try Jaleo which is just upstairs. It's classified as fine dining and naturally more pricier, but the food is definitely worth it. The dishes are much more flavorful, more bolder, and more bang for the buck.
Wow, I went in expecting way to much................DONE!!!!!!!!
Stopped in here for lunch.  It's a very casual place with friendly service.. . All the flavors are very vibrant.  I really liked the Carne Machaca con Huevos.  It's from the brunch menu and is kind of a take on steak and eggs.. . The langosta taco was my least favorite as the langosta was so mild.. . Over all it was a nice meal.
2.5 stars.  I'll round it up due to good service.. . I've been here a few times.  It's kind of hit or miss for me.  It's not Chinese-Mexican fusion.  It's half chinese food and half mexican food.  The two don't really flow together for me.. . I must say, though, that the salt foam margaritas are genius.  The tuna tartare in quinoa is fantastic.  The tacos are good but SO DAMNED EXPENSIVE!  A three inch tortilla with 2 knobs of lobster knuckle meat for 10 bucks?!?!?  No bueno.  Likewise the barbacoa tacos are tiny and 4.50 a pop.  Wow.  The tacos were darn good tho for the most part.
Funny place; you'll get mixes of Chinese & Spanish music. Below are my picks from the menu:. . Noodles & Soup: Dan Dan Mian (most popular-wheat noodle w/ spicy pork sauce), Swallow a Cloud (wonton soup with bok choy), & Ocean Nest (for seafood lover w/ pan fried noodles).. . Dim Sum: Try the When Pig Fly (bbq pork buns) & Traditional Sui Mai (shrimp & pork). . . One stall bathroom :(
Barbacoa tacos were amazing.. . We have an Asian fusion restuarant in Minneapolis that fuses the 2 cuisines a little better than this place.  C.P. has 2 distinct menus for the regions, not as much of a hybrid as I'm used to.. . Great decor, free wifi, and rewards on your Identity Membership :)  We were trashy and even brought our OWN drinks in since we were gambling downstairs and got them from the cocktail servers.  Didn't seem to phase our server though, so it was apprecaited.
Went with a colleague to dinner. Knew there were going to be small portions. Shocked at how small they really were. On the good side, "gaspacho" was amazing (5 stars), the noodles - ehh (3 stars). Service was good, but apparently we didn't fit "their mold" as we were seated at a counter. . . All in all, won't be back but worth giving it a try.
Would be a 4 Star, but WAY over priced.. . Otherwise, we've been here a few times, and they have good food and drinks. We really liked the air margarita, fried rice, barbacoa tacos, and definitely delicious guacamole and chips (ask for chips instead of tortillas).
Interesting concept and fun decor, but it didn't really work for me.   Salt air margarita was good though.
I am not a big Chinese food person, but I pretty much loved everything I tried here. For the life of me I could not tell you what half of the things were called, but I do remember that the best thing I had was. Chicken Ji Song , which was chicken in a sweet sauce of some kind on a lettuce cup topped with shredded sweet potato. It was amazing. I would have never thought to try a place that entailed Chinese and Mexican foods, but I am glad I was invited to try it. . . The service was great as well and the drinks were really good. One of the most creative ideas I have seen in awhile is the straws were wrapped in a green onion shoots.
Not only was I dying to check out the Cosmopolitan hotel, but when I saw the description of this restaurant, I HAD to eat here!!! I love both Asian and Latin food, so what better two to fuse together?!?'.   I was surprised when I realized it was "casual dining" because the description on the website made it sound very upscale? Either way, I wasn't disappointed!!!.   Because I was in a hurry, I sat on the barstools that oversee the kitchen so you can actually watch them make your entire meal from scratch. Spoke to the Asian guy sitting next to me who confirmed that everything was VERY authentic (I'm not familiar with some of the Asian dishes they were serving). I couldn't decide on any of the noodle dishes, so ended up with the chicken/rice/avocado soup (don't remember what they called it?) and a chicken taco with mole sauce. Both delicious!! Service was excellent as well! I thought it was a little pricey ($9 for soup and $5 for one TINY taco) but you have to expect that in Vegas! I would love to try many more things on the menu!
First time there was amazing but today end up w/ huge disappointed.
We were scoping out the spiffy new Cosmopolitan Hotel when we passed by this very interesting looking restaurant. There were two "to-go counters" on either side of the entrance--one said "OPEN: Chinese Food," the other "OPEN: Mexican Food." Intrigued, we decided to see if we could get in for dinner on the spot and got lucky scoring the table of a no-show reserved party. Vegas can be a gamble, but sometimes you do win!. . As its name (and exterior!) would suggest, China (pronounced chee-na) Poblano is an experiment in mixing Asian and Latin cuisine. From dim sum to tacos to noodles with huitlacoche (corn smut, apparently), this is where Chinatown meets the Mission. Yes, I'm sort of from San Francisco.. . I give this place 5 stars for the decor (and service, which was also very good). The outside that's set up to look like a city street with cheap Mexican and Chinese eateries side by side is a front for a very swanky restaurant on the inside. Bicycle wheels hanging from the ceiling, random Asian and Native American-looking knickknacks stacked upon the walls in artsy fartsy fashion, splashes of colorful paint... I was in interior design heaven. Great job on that.. . On the other hand, for the food and its value, I can only give three stars. It was delicious, but ridiculously overpriced. $12.88 for four pieces of har gao? Teeny tiny pieces too, like a third the size of the shrimp dumplings you can get at any authentic Chinese restaurant. $15.88 for won ton noodle soup?? $15 for guacamole?!?! I get it that this is a trendy fusion restaurant and that the chef is famous, but come on now. Ethnic street food in a fancy hotel in Las Vegas is still ethnic street food, which means it should be cheap. Essentially, you are paying to dine in this very nicely and expensively decorated business venture.. . All things considered, it was a satisfying meal and I'm glad I got to try this place. Our party of six ordered about half the menu and doubled up on some dishes as well. Clearly I was not buying dinner that evening... I'll save whatever money I bring back from Vegas for my neighborhood taqueria, thank you.
The itty bitty tiny portions they give you is delicious.  Our bill was seriously $63 for a sandwich smaller then an english muffin, cut up romaine with beef over it, and a bowl of fried rice.. . We ate at the airport about an hour later - we were starving!
China Poblano, like many things in Vegas, is a unique experience. It's not Chinese/Mexican fusion, it's a menu that serves both traditional Mexican and Chinese dishes. It sounded like a good idea .... it just didn't deliver. . . They have an excellent selection of tacos, my favorite was the Carnitas which comes with pork rinds and a squeeze of lime juice. If they opened a food truck that served Carnitas tacos I would follow them around the country getting fatter by the day. Most of our group ordered from the Chinese side of the menu, and everything they ordered was disappointing. The dumplings were tiny and the noodles were flavorless.. . The highlight of the meal was the salt air margarita. It is a shaken margarita served with a light airy foam that replaces the traditional salted rim. The salty foam cuts the heavy handed pour of tequila, making it the perfect way to start a night of excess.. . Come for the salt air margarita, order some Carnitas tacos, and after you'll be ready for a night on the town.
this place is defintately overpriced as most places in Vegas are.... I had a noodle dish-Huitacolte Noodles, pretty good, we had the dumpling apps, very very small...my husband had an app that was on teh special also very small....
Went for dinner while visiting Vegas with some friends. My friend had heard about the 20 vegetable fried rice on "The Best Thing I Ever Ate" show. Funny thing was, that was our least favorite dish. They got the mushroom tacos, my husband and I got a couple of other tacos, the Cochinita and the Barbacoa de Res. We got the papas bravas to share and mole negro special. Our friends also got the chilaquiles which were insanely good. Everything was really good, with the exception of the fried rice, which was just okay. Would definitely go back again when in town.
Not the best, but good. Guacamole was really very excellent, but at $15, I would expect it to be.. . The physical plates appear to be the same as they use at Oyamel in DC, but I can't be certain. Waitstaff was great -- very patient (we had a couple members of our party come a bit late), and took into consideration our dietary concerns. Unfortunately, that really consisted of leaving off the bonita flakes on one dish, and just informing us of which dishes weren't vegetarian friendly (and there were a lot).. . Overall, I like Jose Andres' restaurants quite a bit, and while China Poblano was decent, it wasn't anything to really write home about.
queso fundido.. melted menonita, tequila blanco.. decent but got sick of it after a few bites. . chicken ji song.. lettuce cups, fried sweet potato.. a little on the sweet side but solid flavor. . fried fish taco with salsa.. delicious. . friendly service
good food and service. Too expensive for the plate size
I liked the food here. Jose Andres is very creative, and I have enjoyed all of his restaurants that I have been to, thus far. Highlights were the pork belly sandwich (in indian bread). Please order this, especially if you like pork belly. The other highlights was the carnitas taco. For drinks, if you like a little kick/smoke to your margarita, then get the one with the "special rim". I also had the salt air margarita, which is fun and tasty, but I actually preferred the special rim. Hmm, that sounds strange to say. Oh, and queso fundido was pretty good. . . Don't order the 22 dollar expensive seafood noodle dish. Not worth it. Also, the scallop shu mai was just okay. My friend and I tried 2 desserts, and neither were impressive. I ordered the mango with sticky rice. Well, there is no rice. They put what tastes like rice krispies on the top. Fail.  . . Service was good. Very friendly young male server.  But, I hated the seating there. Most seats have no back to them, and they are very uncomfortable. Good thing it doesn't take long to eat here.
I was curious about the Chinese / Mexican fusion so I decided to check this place out.  We had the Unruly monk which had a strong ginger taste but I wanted to try hand cut noodles.  The other ingredients were great (poached egg, mushrooms and bok choy.  We also tried Chilaquiles which where great. The carnitas tacos were ok, but I'll order something else next time.
So I love me some Mr. Andres and was super excited to check out the new digs in Vegas, but I have to say I found CP almost *too* casual -- if that's possible. . . Don't get me wrong.. you definitely see (and taste!) the Jose Andres flair in the menu but CP just doesn't feel special enough to match the food.  It's a simple space w/almost a fast food feel to it... I half expected to go up to the counter to order.  Gladly, we did have waiter service and our waiter was pretty great -- answering all our questions and coming by to check on us quite often. . . The food prices also don't warrant the casualness.. I spent $70 on my half of the 'casual' meal which was well worth it in terms of the food, BUT for that price I'd like to enjoy my dinner in a space that makes me feel like it warrants that amount, know what I mean? . . As for the food, the duck tongue taco and the pork belly sandwich were the standouts. I thought everything was very good but the noodle dish was rather 'meh' and I also didn't quite see what the hoopla was about with the fish taco -- fell kinda flat for me w/not much flavor.  . . I'd also skip the desserts...very lackluster. . . All in all not sure I'd return.. save your $ for The Bazaar in LA where the true JA style shines through IMHO. ;-)
I'm a Jose Andres groupie, when I started going to Jaleo in DC over 10 years ago. When I saw this was a not so expensive option for dining in LV last week, my friend and I walked right in. There was a 20 minute wait, but we were able to take a seat at the bar immediately. Had a salt air margarita which was FABULOUS. ordered a few different dishes: tacos - pancita & carnitas, noodles, something from the dim sum menu and chips with guacamole. The food was good. The ambiance was fun. The bill and the margarita were truly the highlights of the dinner. Check it out as an option for upscale fast food if you are at or near the Cosmopolitan.
Had to check it out because it seemed so interesting. Gorgeous restaurant with a really cool concept. Can't decide if you want Mexican or Chinese? Why not do both? . . I'm a fairly adventurous eater and my dinner companion can easily be fooled into trying anything if you tell her "it tastes just like chicken". We had an assortment of tacos (carnitas for her, beef tongue and pork belly for me) along with the shrimp dumplings (my friend had never tried any kind of dim sum so we figured, why not). Pretty good tacos, not sure what to think of the dumplings. The mango sticky rice was a little strange and not what you would expect but still kind of cool.. . While this would not be my first choice for Mexican food or Chinese, it is a cool place to go to in Cosmo with fairly decent prices or with a big group (lots of things to share).
Came here in December on a impromtu Vegas trip after the first night had a raging hangover so Chinese and Mexican sounded perfect.  I ordered a blood mary to start... ehhh it had soo much tabasco in it - it was kinda gross.  I ordered the queso fundido with chorizo and that's why i gave this place 3 stars, it was cheezy, gooey, salty and savory yumminess.  Also, ordered some tacos.. they are super tiny but have unique choices (carnitas (yum) and pork belly (ehh) I like crispy pork belly so it just tasted fatty.  I will try this place one more time to sample the Chinese part
China Poblano is an interesting mix of Chinese and Mexican. My coworker and I swung by for a late night snack after not being able to snag a dinner reservation. I had high hopes because this is a Jose Andres restaurant and I have been dying to try The Bazaar. . . These hopes somewhat fell flat. Our selections:. Shrimp Mojo: shrimp/sweet black garlic/roasted poblano pepper. Silencio Taco: duck tongue/fresh lychee. Viva China:  soft beef tendon/Kumamoto oyster/scallions/Sichuan peppercorn sauce. Barbacoa: Oaxacan-style barbeque beef/guajillo chile/pickled cactus paddle. . I appreciated the interesting mix of ingredients but the Silencio & Viva China really fell flat on the texture side. They were all just kind of mushy. The most flavorful was the Barbacoa. The pickled cactus added a nice balance to the otherwise strong barbacoa meat. The shrimp mojo had a lot of good flavor but perhaps it would have gone better with steak. The delicate texture of the shrimp was completely lost amongst the sauce. . . What really saved our meal was dessert: Tres Lychees: a new take on the Mexican classic. It comprised of the soaked cake, whipped cream, ice cream, fresh lychee & fresh flowers. It was an amazing mix of lychee textures and flavors. Everything tasted like lychee but played off of each other harmoniously. Each flower had a different flavor that also complimented the dish. . . Tres Lychees just made my night
The tacos are delicious! . . My favorite is the Carnitas - braised baby pig and spicy salsa verde w/ pork rinds!!! The Barbacoa de Res was pretty good too. . . The Langosta (lobster) taco's were OK.I don't think it was worth it for the price. . . The tacos are the size of Mexican street tacos so order a few to taste. . . The Beijing Glass noodles is a yummy cold noodle dish w/ veggies. I found it refreshing. The avocados on top were a good mix. . . I also had the Har Gau dumplings. The outside of the dumpling was good, dumplings must be freshly made, but I thought the inside could use a little more taste. . . Overall, this is a pretty good place for higher end China/Mex. It's tough to find a China Mex restaurant anyway.
I was always curious what kind of restaurant this was because of their cool looking art work in front. This restaurant is a fusion of Chinese and Mexican. My girlfriends and I decided to get some tacos to go. I ordered a carnita and a pollo a la parrilla taco. The tacos are really small but it came in these cute brown to go boxes. The carnita would definitely have to be my favorite out of the two. It comes with braised baby pork, pork rinds, and spicy  salsa verde cruda. YUM! Not sure if I want to come back here again since it gave me a stomach ache afterwards. :(
Some good - some not so good. Guacamole was very good. Tuna ceviche had some amazing flavors. Tacos (langosta and carnitas) were just okay, Dim sum was not very memorable.  Very friendly service. I'd say they do the Mexican much better than the Chinese.  I realize you are going to pay more for on-strip, in casino dining -- but wasn't that impressed for the price. Many other better restaurants.
Good food and decent vibe.  I would eat here again without hesitation.
I love China Poblano already because it is in the Cosmopolitan and that place just makes me feel cooler than I actually am, aaand Mexican and asian food in one spot! I took advantage of the double menu and ordered cochinita tacos and pot stickers. The tacos were delicious and the pot stickers were not my favorite. Call me crazy, but I prefer Ling Lings from Costco. The bill came, we gave the waitress our cards and then we sat there waiting to get them back for about 25 minutes. When I asked another server what happened to our cards, they said that they were having problems with their machine. Please relay that information to the customer before they have to track you down. Ten minutes later another server comes out with our cards. It was really annoying and really expensive. Hence the 3 stars.
Food was good (both the Asian and Mexican dishes we had), but the small portions in conjunction with the high prices mean that I won't be going back.. . I also agree with those saying this is not considered Fusion really.  I was expecting something more like Chino Bandido (an asian/mexican fusion place in Arizona) or something like that.
Pros:. +Delicious 20 vegetable fried rice dish. +Good service. . Cons:. -Overpriced food. -Disappointed with the tacos and eggplant dish. -Small portions. . Overall:. Overall, this place was over-hyped. I would not go back.
As a good friend to the Empire said, "the beautiful people didn't all disappear - they just all went into hiding at the Cosmopolitan".  Man, she couldn't have been more right.  Everywhere I looked it was style over substance, women trolling for a golden ticket, men trying way too hard to look pensive in staged photographs, popped collars for miles....and absolutely no sign of that furball that creates the one-thing entourage of my daughter's deadbeat boyfriend.  Let's face it, that beast has no sense of style.  Chewie's idea of suiting up is picking the birds that got trapped in his fur out of his natty ass backhair.. . Fortunately for me, black is always in, so I had no trouble getting into China Poblano - which, on its surface, presents the awesome combination of Mexican and Chinese food all in one place.  Why has nobody in the entire galaxy thought of this before?. . I will say this:  What we got was absolutely delicious.  I will also say this:  There really, REALLY should have been more of it.  Look, I get that part of being one of the "beautiful people" is only pretending to eat your food, so I'm sure for the regulars of that hotel, the 2 bite meals are more than sufficient.  Let's face it, though:  Nobody would ever claim that I needed to eat a damn sammich.  And if I'm going to pay 20 dollars for a damn 20 vegetable fried rice, it should be substantial enough to where I have more than 1 little bit of each kind of vegetable.  12 dollars for an object I could eat in one bite?  Jesus Christ, even the WATER was small.  No, seriously, tiny glasses, and they never even completely filled them on refills.  What the hell is it with this kind of philosophy?  Made me want to go out and Force Choke a kitten....or at least the beloved Marie Osmond.  But my quarrel was with this restaurant, not the Flamingo Hilton.. . Sorry, but you're claiming a combination of Mexican and Chinese cuisine, both of which historically consist of larger portion sizes.  So why try to integrate tapas style sizes with steakhouse-like prices?. . Maybe the owner should focus more on balancing the value of his cuisine instead of kowtowing to perpetually pouty-lipped 20-something gold miners looking for someone with enough mastery of The Force to use Jedi Mind tricks on the Jimmy Choo salespeople for free shoes.  My recommendation?  The recipe for the SUPERB 20 veg fried rice is readily available online...I almost never say this, but make it on your own spaceship and save yourself the expense.. . 3 Deathstars.
My brother wanted to try this place out and rightfully so.  I mean how many places serve chinese and mexican food under one roof?  Notwithstanding the concept, the bright lights and artistic decor you felt like something was a bit off.  I expected to see a fusion of dishes on the menu, but instead it was more like two restaurants on one menu.  Although I feel like its a novel concept, the prices are high for what it normally costs.  Now granted maybe it costs more to maintain this kind of a restaurant, but the general knowledge of mexican and chinese food, is that it shouldn't be extremely expensive without some fancy hard to find, hard to spell, impossible to make dish that's tagged for $$$ dollars . . Ordered:. Chips and Salsa $4 (The chips were good and the salsa was fire roasted). . The Unruly Monk - hand-cut noodles/ wild wood ear mushrooms/ poached egg/spicy sauce $17.88  (Very good, although I've had this at a standard chinese restaurant at very good tastes for half the price.). . Lengua  - beef tongue/salsa pasilla $4 (Fantastic melted in your mouth). . Viva China - soft beef tendon/ Kumamoto oyster/scallions/ Sichuan peppercorn sauce $5.50 (One of the strangest things I've ever tasted, I'm still not sure if I liked it or not.  The consistency of the oyster just makes the whole thing a little off.). . So in summary, this restaurant is an interesting idea, although I don't think its implemented quite right.  Pre established bargain cuisine, such as Chinese and Mexican, can certainly throw someone well versed in that universe into a frenzy with prices.  Although our waiter was great, the service just didn't justify the prices.. . If you don't plan to eat much, then it's $$, but if you plan to actually eat a meal, then make it $$$.  . . Would I go back?  Sorry, but my dollars will be going elsewhere
Really really Good Food. But Way Too expensive
Been here about four times now.  I am less impressed every time I go. It's not bad but it really is just mediocre Mexican mixed with mediocre Chinese.  Nothing is really that great for either cuisine. Will I eat there if my friends want to go?  Yea but I won't go out of my way to go.
Ate here this past Sunday night. The best I can categorize it was strange.  The atmosphere is very casual - felt more like a cafeteria than a fine dining experience. Long tables with backless chairs, Mexican pottery and artwork on the walls. No bar to wait for your table so we went to another restaurant's bar while we waited for the rest of our party to arrive. The menu is not Chinese-Mexican fusion it's basically half Chinese and half Mexican and all small servings (like tapas).Our group of 4 started with guacamole which was the most expensive item on the menu. It was truly delicious and was served with homemade tortillas which brought me back to Mexico in one bite.  We ordered chips and salsa as well which were very good. On the Chinese side we went with Traditional sui mai, Lamb pot stickers, And 2 noodle dishes. Everything was good but not outrageous. Plus I'm accustomed to dipping sauces with Sui Mai and pot stickers that are usually seasoned with garlic, ginger and a touch spicy. The sauces here seemed just to be soy sauce. We finished off with a few more Mexican choices - Shrimp mojo, scallop ceviche and barbeque beef tacos. All were very good but again not amazing. Also the offerings at the bar are very limited unless you're drinking tequila which I wasn't because I had to start drinking at the bar next door so I started with Sky raspberry vodka which I couldn't get at China Poblano. Plain vodka only here. Also only Chinese or Mexican beer. I probably wouldn't return unless I happened to be in the Cosmopolitan and was really hungry.
This restaurant is like a metaphor for Vegas itself - stylish to the point of distraction, creative and wonderful conceptually, and absurdly overpriced. And like just about every other Vegas restaurant I've eaten in, the food just seems not quite as wonderful as it should be. As a case in point, my dinner a couple nights earlier at The Palm. I've eaten at the Palm  100 times in probably 10 cities and its always consistently excellent. At the one in Vegas, it was good. For whatever reason, presumably quality of ingredients in the desert, I'm yet to have a "holy shit thats good!" moment dining in Vegas - even at the very finest places.. . Anyway, back to China Poblano. The menu is really interesting and just about everything sounds great. You could probably eat there a half dozen times and be excited about trying new things. I had 3 dishes:.  - lamb potstickers, which were good. Beautifully and unusually presented under a fried disk of something which I frankly have no idea what it was. The edible marigolds on top added their own interesting flavor note.It was good - basically the Vegas thing where it sounds awesome, looks awesome, but just tastes good. . - dan dan noodles. Also magnificently presented, with a very rich flavor of something different than the usual version. The hand cut noodles had a distinct and wonderful texture. And the taste was good. Just good.. - a braised pork tenderloin special. This was a very complex dish with meltingly soft tenderloin with crispy on the outside chewy on the inside fried plantains that added the perfect sweetness to go with a complex mole type sauce and some diced fruit (not sure what) and some couscous. It was very good.. . Now back to eating here a half a dozen times - yes you could, but you better bring a big bankroll. I had 3 dishes (as they recommend) which was just about the right amount although I could have eaten more and a light eater probably would have leftovers. The bill - with one beer - was $60. While it wouldn't be the same innovative versions, an order of potstickers, dan dan noodles and roast pork - of similar portion size and similar quality (along with a beer) would be well under half that at a fine Chinese place. . . If the food was as wonderful as the concept and presentation, I'd be in love with this place even at the absurd prices. With 2 drinks (or some wine) and one more dish I'd be pushing $100 for a casual meal for one, but if its fabulous so be it. But they haven't hit that here - its just another one in the line of super-creative, insanely stylish but meh food restaurants that defines Vegas. I'd go back (and I have to say, I couldn't possibly think of a better hangover menu) but only because its Vegas (and I'd hope it was a comp, or someone else was buying!)
Pleasantly bizarre. I guess that's how I would sum this place up.  Watch the video on their website if you want to get a feel for the vibe of the restaurant.  If you are looking for a more classy, quiet, date-night kind of place you are better off going to one of the eateries on the third floor.  This place was rocking on the Saturday night we were there, electrified by the massive crowd just outside the door waiting to get into the club.  But I was in a good mood and enjoyed the music and people watching while we waited for our table perched high above everyone else on what appeared to be a mod style version of a Mayan pyramid... except that there were golden Buddha statues on top.  Yeah.  So now you are starting to get it when I say this place is weird but cool? Did I mention that there was a digital painting on the wall that alternated between a portrait of Frida Khalo and the Dalai Lama? And a sculpture roughly in the shape of a human head protruding from the back wall onto which they projected digital images of Kim Jong-il?  OK, so you got it now, right?. . I agree with the other reviewers that I wish they had more fusion dishes.  I was disappointed that the majority of the menu items were either Chinese or Mexican but not both.  And most of the food was just average.  Good but not great.  And yes, ridulously over priced. But at a hip restaurant in what is arguably the hottest casino hotel on the strip right now, that is to be expected. So now, for those of you still reading this, here is a rundown of what we ordered.. . Guacamole - My husband made the comment that this was not even the best guac that he had eaten that day.  I am not a big fan of the stuff in general but I would have like to see some kind of twist to make something that is so easy to make at home worth ordering here.  Maybe a little five spice powder or some ginger for that Asian influence.  Are you listening Jose Andres? And you really need to serve it with chips.  Those tortillas were pretty darn good but it is a texture thing.. . Pot stickers - Beautiful presentation.  Really, just gorgeous. I even took a picture.  I truly enjoyed the flavors and it was a cool twist to get lamb instead of the traditional pork.  But where was the sauce? Everyone knows the best part about eating pot stickers is the sauce. That was another little thing that just made the dish seem lacking and also a missed opportunity to bring in a fusion experience (How about a little chimichurri or mole sauce for dipping? Hello?). . Coctel de Camarones - I was so disappointed in this dish, I can't even tell you.  For those of you who have ever had true cocteles at an authentic Mexican seafood place just don't bother.  If you are the type that enjoys salsa out of a jar, then you might like it.  Once again, though, they were missing the accompaniment. Traditionally, this dish is either served with saltine crackers or tostada shells. However, when we asked our waitress if we could get some chips or something to eat it with she said we were supposed to eat it with the spoon, like gazpacho. wtf?. . Chilaquiles - This dish was not authentically Mexican either but I really enjoyed it.  My husband, who had apparently ordered it without reading the description, did not. He was expecting red sauce instead of green but I loved the tangy tomatillo salsa and the cheese was delish. But I agreed with him that there really should have been meat or eggs on there. And the chips were not really cooked into the dish, it was more like nachos than anything else.. . Mole tacos - We both liked these though they were a little bland.  I guess not everyone likes spicy but I was expecting at least a little heat.  Gourmet tacos like these are pretty common where we live so I wasn't surprised by the price or size but meh, I've had better.. . Palmitos - This salad saved the day for me.  It was truly special.  I love hearts of palm but these weren't the limp white tubes you get out of a jar.  Crisp and fresh, mixed with other equally fresh julienned vegetables, it was a hearty and satisfying salad.  But the dressing is what really blew my mind.  Sweet and sour with a strong tamarind flavor.  It tasted like those Mexican tamarindo candies... except more crisp and organic.  The whole dish was just so clean and brisk.  I know not everyone's palate is the same and someone else might find it too strong, there was a lot of fresh lime juice in there and definitely some kind of chile.  But that is perfect for me. I may return to this place just for that salad... or if I in the mood for some ethnic Vegas style kitsch.
I know it's Vegas, but really?!! Our waiter said that everything is served tapas style, so we ordered the ceviche, 2 Swallow a Clouds, and I think the Unruly Monk noodle soup. The ceviche was weird- it came with a few pieces of seafood on clams- pretty presentation, but nothing to eat! lol. The noodles bowls were ok, but $17 for a bowl? I'd rather pay a little more and go to a buffet!
We came to check this restaurant out for a capstone graduation.. I was excited to try this place out it should give you the best of both . worlds. Chinese, Mexican.. Makes me happy. . We started with chips, salsa and guacamole.. Hmmm... If you consider some of your specialty as well mexican than your guacamole should be TOPS!!. Well it wasn't. I was pretty disappointed by the guac. I mean, The guac I make at my house is better than what I ate there. From there we also had the Sui Mai which was ok. It wasn't bad but it wasn't great either well, let me correct that.. the scallop Sui Mai was GREAT.... the traditional shrimp/pork.. well not so much! . We did try the twenty vegetable fried rice which was good. Probably the best thing on the table for me. . I also had the fish taco which was good. . Overall the food was good/ok for the price, I would expect better tasting food. I just wasn't overly impressed I guess..
While I'd never discourage someone from making their own discoveries our food experience was borderline horrible. . . The cocktails (margaritas are topped with salted air which were refreshing and unique) and beers were spot on and the service polished and sharp. However the overpriced food was hit and miss. Sui mai should be avoided (weird spongy texture and off tasting) as well as the weird tasting Dan Dan Mian and the ugly Dancing Eggplant. . . Bright spots were the 20 Vegetable Fried Rice (awesome), Unruly Monk, Guacamole, Rou Jia Mo Sandwich and the Queso Fundido. Tacos are 2 bites and are $5.50 for one which I couldn't swallow the price tag so we skipped the tacos. Bill was $240+ tip for 3 people. We left buzzed and full but we'd have a hard time going back except for drinks and maybe a few of the bright spots mentioned above.. . If you want killer dumplings and regional Chinese food go to Chinatown. For Mexican food there are loads of more affordable and tastier options off strip.
The tacos were awesome! My boyfriend and I shared 6 of them. Yes, sharing tacos is weird, but we wanted to try lots of different flavors. The shu Mai were ok, but not more impressive than a typical dim sum restaurant. The hot and sour soup was bad. We actually asked for chili, lime, vinegar, and salt to correct it. Our server was awesome. I would not go back, but then again I wasn't too impressed with staying at the Cosmopolitan in general.
Chinese and Mexican anyone? Can't go wrong!. . So why three stars you ask? . 1 - It's Jose Andre.. the food was good but it wasn't anything to write home about... ( do people even use that expression anymore?) Personally, I  thought the Tequila was much better than the food. I ordered some tacos - but I couldn't pick up the Chinese in them.... 2. The ambiance is whack. The reason my girlfriends and I dined here was because it was right next to Marquee, which was where we intended on dancing off the calories we were going to mass - consume at Poblanos. The restaurant looks a bit cheap, like an upscale version of a Micki Dee's.... too much red and the layout of the restaurant was not appealing at all.
An odd combination, taco joint/chinese dim sum under one roof. I mainly ordered tacos. Lobster taco was amazing! Duck tongue taco was over powered with (soy sauce) that I couldn't really tell what it was. Lamb potsickers was different, in a very good way. Had one of the best bloody mary here. Service was terrible!!! Our waitress, Megan, did not know how to smile. She totally ignored from start to finish. The food was really tasty, but Megan's attitude was so horrible that I couldn't enjoy my food! I just wanted to quickly get out of there solely because of her. She cleaned my spot when I arrived, then took a million years to come back to take my order. Every time I needed to order more it was impossible to get her attention even though I was practically sitting right in front of her.
I was super excited to try China Poblano's innovative tacos because 1) I love Mexican food and 2) (don't get grossed out) I LOVE duck tongue.. . My mom used to make duck tongue allll the time when I was growing up, and I have no idea how to cook it, so I crave it all the time.. . The duck tongue and lychee taco was definitely a let down. For over $5, the tiny taco was TINY, and nothing special. The sweet lychee did not go well with the tongue... and the taco was soggy and disappointing ):. . Boo. Guess I have to find a better duck tongue taco somewhere else!!
Duck tongue tacos? Yup! Nice fusion approach, reasonably good food, and not "horribly expensive" by Vegas strip standards. Could do better with the concept, but i enjoyed the meal.
came here because Holstein's was too long of a wait.. . very expensive for what it was.  lunch for 3 was over $100.  $5 for a two bite taco isn't all that its cracked up to be.  tasty?  yes.  filling? no.  the dim sum was pretty good as well.  just a weird fusion approach, imo.. . service was great though.  the waiter knew everything about each dish.  . . would i eat here again?  probably not.  go to the place next door.
This place is just ok.  I came here because a friend recommended it.  The food is super expensive for Dim Sum and Mexican food!  Seriously, who pays $16 for Dim Sum items (each)?  The lobster taco which was super small, but tasty cost $10/each.  Veggie fried Rice is $20.  Korean BBQ is $30.  I don't mind spending $$$$ for food, but not for dim sum or mexican.  I do not plan to visit this place when I go back.  There are way better places in Las Vegas.
Went here with my parents awhile back. They were very accommodating for our situation, as my brother is in a wheel chair so we needed some extra room.. . Don't get me wrong, 3 stars is good! It was great! I enjoyed all of the food, but the prices were high. It is expected though, I mean come on you're in vegas and when are you going to have chinese mexican fusion? All of the items were delicious and our palates were satisfied.. . I would recommend this place to someone as I want them to try the food out. Not sure if I'd come back again, but I'm glad I came!
Chinese / Mexican is a weird combination, but they appeared to make it work. The Chicken Ji Song was okay for Chinese food. The har gow was disgusting. When Pigs Fly? No. They don't. Just steamed bbq pork buns. Chinese takeout places here in SF sell better bbq pork buns than this place. Conchinita taco? Pretty good flavors. My pork wasn't shredded enough, but most people at the table said it was good. Arrachera con Salsa Molcajete? Damn good. Skirt steak was a little rare, but I understand that you can't cook this too much. Tuna Ceviche - DELICIOUS! I've never had better ceviche. Not in Miami or SF. This was the best I've had. Fried Rice was just okay.. . If I were to go again, here are the items I might order again:. Tuna Ceviche - for sure!. Chicken Ji Song - probably.. Arrachera con Salsa Molcajete - maybe.. . I think I would try avoiding the Chinese food more and going more for the Mexican.
Overpriced semi-authentic fusion. Didn't really find this to be actual fusion as much as offerings from both cultures on the same menu laid out separately. . . Tacos. Lengua - get this. Delicious, super-tender.. Cochinita - overly salty, flavor was underwhelmingly one-dimensional, forgettable.. Carnitas - great texture concept with pork rinds, but was dripping w/oil - hard to eat.. . Chinese. Dan Dan Mien - tasty even if not true to form - the hand-cut noodles are yum, spicy ground pork has a nice kick.. Ocean Nest - essentially seafood liang mien huang (pan-fried Canto noodles). Nice seafood selection with lobster, scallops, king crab, shrimp. Was rather disappointed in presentation.. . Physical restaurant layout is a bit awkward - no bar area, major minus. Limited ambiance limited, didn't care much for the awkward 'fusion' decor.
After reading the reviews, I was worried I would not be full after eating here.  I mean, let's be honest, I eat at an alarming rate.  I was hoping Jose Andres wouldn't let me down.  . . I think we were fortunate price-wise and portion-wise; as we came away full and with a relatively inexpensive tab.  Maybe it's because I wanted to save my drinks for the great bartenders at Chandelier, or because we weren't that full to begin with.  Nonetheless, we spent less than what we were prepared to spend, which is always good.. . This place is not a Chinese/Mexican fusion.  It's primarily a menu with Chinese items and Mexican items.  The pozole soup was great and had an excellent spice.  The tacos were freshly prepared, I'd recommend the al pastor or the pork belly.  The Chinese menu was somewhat lacking, as if the items were forced on the menu without any great execution of the dishes to fit the theme.. . It was pretty rowdy inside, but maybe because I was sitting next to a bachelorette party. I get the feeling it's like that normally. All in all, it was a nice experience, but I think I will stick to ordering from the to-go window.
Yeah... I think this place tried a little to hard to be trendy in all aspects. I knew it once they sat us under a giant head-shaped projection screen (??).. . Food: super small portions that are good but not something I would remember/crave/die for. Ordered a bunch of different of sui mai & some lettuce wraps. I was expecting the food to be a little more than Cheesecake Factory or Elephant Bar, but that's basically what it was.. . Drinks: I got some sort of lemondrop with jelly "noodles" in it... interesting, but I had no idea how to approach it (I looked like an idiot digging in my drink with chopsticks). My friend ordered the salt air marg was pretty cool, once you got past the first sip which is basically a mouthful of foamy salt.. . Good effort but won't be back!
Ever had that awkward moment where you enter a restaurant alone and someone else just happens to enter alone at the same time, thereby causing the restaurant staff to assume you are a party of two? . . Yeah, me neither...until this visit.. . If this other party was male, it would have been relatively simple for me to just speak up and say: "I'm not with him." End of story. . . But this time, the person who entered right next to me was a woman and we took the only two empty seats - right next to each other - at the bar section. Admittedly, to the casual observer, it must have appeared we were together. . . A nice server came over and began reviewing the menus for us. She glanced back and forth between us and recommended a couple of plates for sharing. Usually not at a loss for words, I found myself struggling to think of what to say to let the server know we were not together without sounding insulting or dismissive to the other guest. . . Fortunately, she took care of this by saying with a smile "Oh, we're not together." . . Thank you whoever you were!. . Okay now onto the review...so I like this place well enough. It has a very diverse and unique menu blending Chinese and Mexican dishes. Service was smart, friendly, and prompt. Based on a few recommendations from my server, I tried three dishes: shrimp and black peppers, a chicken taco, and a beef tongue taco. Each was tasty, nothing spectacular, but good. Beef tongue taco was fine. If you've never had it, it's basically like a nice cut of roast. . . The portions are VERY small. I had three tacos and went to have lunch somewhere afterwards. Think " very light appetizers" and you'll get along just fine. . . So based on the mediocre food and very small portions, I'm going with three stars. But the service is superb and I love the atmosphere and location, right in the heart of the Cosmopolitan's busy second level.
$15 for guacamole.. . That's almost all I need to say. . . Yep, I think that's all I'm going to say.
I have been wondering about this place for a while and have finally had the opportunity to stop by for lunch.. . The menu was nice and simple so it wasn't hard to make choices and things come out in small portions, so it's best to order several things at once if possible.. . First up were the shumai: traditional (shrimp and pork), scallop (pork, bamboo, mushroom), and beef. The traditional and the scallop were good but similar in taste. The traditional had some gold leaf on top and the scallop was topped with tobiko. The beef wasn't too appetizing for me. The flavor combination of whatever was in the beef didn't work for me. . . Next up were some tacos and the Chinese street sandwich. For the tacos we had fish barbacoa, carnitas and silencio. They were all just a little better than the tacos at a traditional taco stand. The duck tongue was a nice spicy treat that you don't usually see.. . Definitely something you have to try once.
Stumbled upon this restaurant while looking for something new on the strip. We succeeded!  First, the decor is pretty funky....a good fusion of Mexican and Asian crafts and art. I loved the "staircase" waiting area with cushions and the metallic art on the walls of lizards and ancient masks.  The food wasn't the best I've had but definitely hit the spot. Some dishes were top notch: Beijing glass noodles, twenty vegetable fried rice (little salty).  Others were good: Carnitas tacos and Lucky 8 Sui Mai. The "when pigs fly" steam buns were so-so, at least when compared to traditional dim sum.  I was not a big fan of the Dan Dan noodles which are one of my favorite dishes when traveling in China.  Service was excellent...at least our waitress...even though we got there right before the kitchen closed we never felt rushed.  Bottom line, don't come here expecting traditional Chinese dim sum, but you will get a good meal if you choose wisely from the menu.  Ask your server for suggestions...but beware of the "upsell". I would definitely go back!
China Poblano is located in the posh Cosmopolitan Hotel.  With it's unique design and great location, it seems to attract many people.  There were plenty on the menu which consisted of Mexican and Chinese...a weird but doable combo.  We ordered quite a few items since everything was tapas style, but the only item we both really liked was When Pigs Fly....the bbq pork bun was tasty - the bun itself kind of tasted like the inside of a pretzel, which was very interesting.  Nothing else really stood out to us.  . . The service was a-ok....we were seated, greeted, and served.  She didn't have much of a personality until it was time for us to give us the check.  It was also pretty pricey....3 tacos, guacamole, and 2 other chinese dishes plus dessert was over $150, really?  Our overall experience is was meh.
We chose this restaurant for lunch randomly. When you walk in, you think it's chinese food, but then when we looked at the menu, it was more like mexican food. We ordered chips & salsa to start off. The salsa is good. Not amazing but it's good. They give you a huge wire bucket thing of chips and a spoonful of salsa in a mini bowl. We had to ask for more salsa 5890325783 times. Good service though. All employees were very friendly. We ending up deciding on just getting their small tacos. Husband ordered carnitas tacos 3 of them and loved them. They were pretty small and $5.50 each. Yikes.  I ordered 2 Viva China tacos which were beef, oysters, scallions. They were pretty good, but if you are picky about textures of food, these tacos were kind of "slimy".
This is a tough review to write. I was just here three weeks ago, and I loved the concept and the edgy decor and sttting on benches with people that seemed to either have just come back from the Cosmo pool or were on their way to a club. But you pay big time for the coolness vibe. You may be wearing board shorts and sitting next to a couple wearing shades indoors, but you pay like you're in an expensive joint. When the waiter hands you that collectable little aluminum bottle of Diet Coke, you have just learned that refills aren't going to be free. Get ready for lIttle dinky mini-soft tacos and little everything, all tasty, but again, you end up paying. I think the Mexican side of the menu is better and more fun than the Chinese attempt at things. So if you can get past the prices and a bit of pretentiousness in how they present themselves, the food ends up being a good memory. See what I meant? This was a hard review to write.
Way too over priced for little portions, tasty stuff but honestly not worth it.
Located in The Cosmopolitan - I have to say what first caught my eye about this place was their viewing window where I could see them making pork buns, and also the fact it said there was take out. Pork buns + Take out = Win! (not quite what happened but probably would have gotten more stars had that been the case.) . . Chinese cuisine + Mexican Cuisine = China Poblano. I'd say this is a fusion of the two but on the menu literally its two separate cuisines you can order from, no mingling at least not that my eyes could see. . . Order consisted of: . When Pigs Fly (4 pieces) - steamed pork buns $13.88. Dan Dan Mian - wheat noodles with spicy pork sauce $12.00. Lychee Sour - yummy drink $12.00 . . So our waitress warned us that portions were small and that we should most likely order multiple things hence my pork buns and noodle dish. The pork buns to me were correctly portioned, I split the order with a friend thankfully because she had ordered a single $10 Lobster Taco and $14 Tuna Ceviche. The waitress really wasn't lying on small portions I give her credit for her honesty. . . The food was overall pretty good. I loved the flavor of the meat in the pork buns but was a little turned off by the meat being lukewarm/cold. My noodle dish was the kind of spicy I enjoy but I had to "pace" myself with the small dish swimming in a large bowl (I didn't understand this presentation, the lets make our portions look even smaller with using larger serving bowls?). The lychee sour, was probably my favorite part of the whole meal. It was a different type of cocktail, tangy yet sweet, and oh how I love lychee.. . Overall a bit pricey for my taste given it wasn't anything overly special or wow factor. Perhaps I'd order the steamed pork buns again from the take out window given I could request the meat be a little more on the warm side.
Fun variety and tasty food. A little pricey... But it's Vegas ;). Will go again for sure
PRO: Asian-Mexican fusion combo is really cool. I like how you could order both cuisines at one place. When you go in the bathrooms, the "wall paper" is a combination of chinese and mexican currencies, which was really cool. Great ambiance. The food was good also. . . CON: I don't know why I expected this place to have bigger portions for the prices, but my single little lobster taco was $10. My mom and I came here because we were starving and we didn't want to pay $25-$30 to go to a buffet, but in the long run it would have been a savings compared to how much food we had to order to fill us up at Chino Poblano. Everything is served tapas style - little plates, so it is very pretty and nicely presented (just expensive). If you're watching your cash I'd say don't come here, but it's nice if someone else is footing the bill for you or if you don't have to worry about cost. Otherwise to feel satisfied with what you eat, you'll prob pay at least $50 pp.
Nothing special.  The prices are slightly higher than average but nothing exorbitant.... . I had the lobster taco which was definitely not worth the price.  At least the flavor didn't match the cost.  I also ordered the chicken taco which was drowned in bbq sauce.  The bbq sauce tasted very good.  If you don't mind sauce dominating the food, then the chicken taco will satisfy you. . . I doubt I will choose to eat here with other options at Cosmo to choose from....
Really unique combo, Mexican food and Chinese food, served together. The decor is very weird but fitting. We tried out about 12 different menu items and they were all pretty good, maybe not quite worth the decent price tag, but good nonetheless. The waitstaff was very attentive and overall service was very good.
If not for the out-of-this-world carnitas tacos (yay for pork rinds!) I think I would have given this place only 2 stars.  It advertises itself as "chinese/mexican fusion", but the menu is really just split up into various mexican dishes and chinese dishes (mostly of the dim sum variety). As an overall note, I think that the Mexican dishes were much tastier than the chinese items, so if you are wrestling b/w the two, I would go with Mexican. Here's what we tried:. . TACOS. Carnitas - yum yum yum.  Definitely order this if you order nothing else.  And get two, so that you won't have to share. A+. . Viva china - this is a kumamoto oyster/beef tendon/sichuan peppercorn sauce taco.  The combo of the tendon and oyster was underwhelming, and if you really love that peppercorn taste, you're not going to find much of it here. C-. . Barbacoa - we ordered this because it came with "cactus paddle".  Still have no idea what cactus paddle is, but it's an awesome name!  The beef was alright, though a bit salty, and the cactus unfortunately didn't really taste like anything at all. C-. . fried fish taco - the fish was fried nicely, and I liked the pickled onions that came with it, but it was close to 7 bucks for two tiny tacos and pinky sized pieces of fish, so probably wouldn't order it again.  B-. . CHINESE. . Fire Phoenix - This was pretty much a variation of popcorn chicken, with pork rinds on the side.The sichuan peppercorn salt was really good, and fried chicken never tastes bad when it's fres, but there really wasn't anything that special about this dish.  C. . MEXICAN. . Tuna ceviche - Comes on a bed of ice and looks delectable.  Tastes pretty a-ok too. I think they put soy sauce in here, which gives it a nice depth of flavor.  A-. . Coctel de camarones - This was pretty much like a cold cocktail of shrimp, crab, and avocado, mixed with what is essentially a cocktail sauce.  I love lump crab meat and I love shrimp, but I didn't come here to eat those things with cocktail sauce.  I can get that for 3.99 anywhere else.  C. . Shrimp mojo - This actually did taste like a fusion dish, though it was a bit heavily sauced.  The shrimp are nice and garlic-y, with a hint of spice from the poblano peppers.  Good, but could have used a side of rice or something.  B-. . In a nutshell:  I'd recommend just stopping in and sitting at the counter and ordering some tacos (especially the carnitas ones), and then going somewhere else for dinner.  As a disclaimer, we didn't order the famous "twenty ingredient fried rice" that was featured on food network, but I'm taiwanese, and I just don't feel right paying 20 bucks for fried rice.
Not Bad...  But Could Be Better!. . Chinese and Mexican... Two of my favorite types of food! I was intrigued to eat here when I was walking by this place and decided to have brunch here. Here is what we ordered and my thoughts:. . Chilaquiles con Chorizo - Best Dish We Ate, Flavors Were Amazing. Huevo Motuleno - Not Bad But Pork Belly Overcooked. When Pigs Fly - Yummy Dim Sum, Try It With The Habanero Salsa. Barbacoa de Res Tacos - Juicy & Flavorful. Setas Tacos - Good Concept But Messy. . Overall the food was good but not great. The place is a little over priced as well. If you want a quick snack then definitely go by here and try the tacos.
Considering my meal was comped... I should have given this place a higher rating but with that being said, they are over rated.  The food is average and the service is so so.  I guess when it's early in the morning and there is nothing else to eat after getting out of Marquee, then you have no other choice but to stumble in here.
An odd combo of Mexican and Chinese on each side of the restaurant.  We decided to share four dishes just for a taste and here is what we had:  . . When Pigs Fly - small pork buns with lots of pork inside. Kao Lao Lao - oat noodles with a cilantro sauce, the sauce was good but oat noodles ok. Chicken Ji Song - was good and tasty. Pollo con Mole Poblano Taco - good. . Just don't expect to get too full on these.
Duck tongue taco tasted like the tongue of something that lives in stagnant water and eats stuff from the same water...  not so good.  That's all I got.
We visited this spot in October, its a late post just because I totally forgot about this spot or I really wanted to forget! If you care about how much you shell out for a meal, this is not the place for you. Don't get me wrong, the fusion of the two cultures are successfully done here. Portions are extremely small so, ordering 2 items per person is ideal. Like I said, watch your wallet. For a party of 2 our meal was $88.
I forgot to review this one, and it was earlier in the year we visited... food was fun and yummy, and yes pricey. But the one thing i do remember..............GET THE SLAT AIR MARGARITA!!
Great noodle dishes, so tasty. This is indeed good food -- at least the noodle dishes.  But don't be fooledby the prices on the menu - largest entrees are the size of my appendix.
Interesting blend of Chinese and Mexican food.  Very unique and a little fancy at times.. . We had the following dishes - click on the menu above:. . Dont Be Jealous.  hot and sour soup, pork, tofu, bamboo shoots, dried mushrooms . Good soup.. . Beijing Glass.  bean sprouts, jicama, avocado, cellophane noodles, carrot, chinese cabbage, sesame dressing. I liked this one - it's like a noodle salad.  The jicama gives it a bit of a crunch.. . Dan Dan Mian.  hand-cut wheat noodles, spicy pork sauce. Not bad dan dan noodles - with peanuts. . Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich.  red braised pork. It's the chinese pau with this most delicious tender pork.  A winner!. . Twenty-vegetable Fried Rice.  fresh vegetables, fried rice. I can see lots of vege all finely chopped in this delectable dish.. . Barbacoa De Res.  oaxacan-style barbeque beef, guajillo chile, pickled cactus paddle. Neat taco!  I like the flavours!. . Carnitas.  braised baby pig, pork rinds, spicy salsa verde cruda . Very good taco!  . . I wanted to give this place a try because of the unique blends of 2 cuisines.  Will I come back?  Sure!
Interesting concept of bringing Chinese and Mexican food together.  Upon greeting us the waitress explained the menu and suggested per person you order a couple of items because the portions are small.  At least she was honest!  The standout items to me were the twenty vegetable fried rice and the Rou Jia Mo street taco.  I had a few other items as there were six of us so we ordered and shared a few dishes.   It's not that I didn't enjoy eating here but I think this restaurant falls into the category of why I avoid eating on the Strip which is it's extremely overpriced for what you get.
We decided to finally stop by and check out this fusion inside The Cosmopolitan, since my man loves Mexican and I love Chinese food. It was pretty empty when we visited (around 3 pm) and we sat down at the bar where we got to watch some of the staff preparing tortillas. The prices were definitely Strip-worthy, so as budget conscious people, we only picked 3 items.. . Chips and salsa - for $4, it was a decent choice, and the salsa was indeed yummy.. . Coctel de Camarones - on the pricey side for it's size ($15), though very nicely presented. We were disappointed that it did not come with chips (it IS similar to ceviche) but we made do with the chips from the appetizer (which apparently, weren't refillable). It was very delicious; however, we weren't a big fan.. . They had specials on the menu (which oddly enough, was only written on one of the two menus we received and isn't on the website menu) and our server suggested we try one of them. Not a big fan either - it was a meat tortilla sandwich on top of a sauce (which made the tortilla itself soggy), and the flavors were nothing spectacular.. . Service was great however, and pretty fast. I'd try this place again, but I may stick to the China side of the menu (that said, I may just go to Chinatown instead).
As we were gathering our things after touching down at McCarren airport,. our main concern was of course food.. I suggested Mexican (per usual) while my friend had been thinking Chinese. Well you can imagine our surprise when the concierge mentioned a Mexican-Chinese fusion restaurant within our very hotel.. . This is not your standard Mexican. So be prepared to shell out a lot of money for. each very small taco. However, it is somewhat worth it. My friends ordered Green Tea Sour cocktails (with an edible marigold) while I tried a new beer: Moutai - it was light and exactly what I needed with my food. . . I tried the Barbacoas and Carnitas tacos. The Carnitas was quite delicious but I am not quite used to the consistency of pork belly, so it was a bit of shock to bite into something so... jelly-like. . . We ordered the Twenty-vegetable fried rice because apparently it was on some. well-known foodie list and we weren't disappointed at all.. . Like all of our food, it was light, incredibly fresh and made with simple ingredients. . . For dessert I had the Mango Sticky Rice.. Coconut milk is boiled to a cream and then added to shaved mango. and sprinkled with crisped rice to create something incredible. Loved..  .  The decor inside China Poblano was... interesting. There were steering wheels. spanning most of the ceiling, an altar of buddhas near the entrance, . low ottoman seating and a red/orange color palette. .  . . What I loved? There is one "bar" for Mexican  and one for the Asian inspired dishes. Each were incredibly clean and each dish is served as it is ready so if you order several things (as you will need to) you do not have to place the same emphasis on some of the more traditional dining rules..  .  While I enjoyed my experience there (for the most part...) I do not think I would go again. It is definitely a great place to pop into if you are in a bit of a rush and not . particularly hungry, or else $6 per tiny taco just becomes a bit annoying.
China Poblano has an interesting concept but I'm not sure if I want to eat chinese and mexican food at the same time.  The decor is interesting, we sat outside where you can see everyone else.. . Food:. . Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice: this was probably the best thing on the menu.  We added chicken to the dish . . Happy Family Jiaozi: these dumplings were itty bitty and not that great.  The sauce that it accompanied was too sweet.. . Guacamole: this was good, I would recommend sharing with the table. . Hot and Sour Soup: A little too vinegar-y and too much fungus. . Tacos: these were good but a little on the greasy side.  I would recommend eating somewhere else if you're craving Mexican or Chinese food.
For a fusion place...not bad.. . Minus major points for their take-out service: I have NO IDEA why they restrict the takeout menu, and why they were out of so many things.  Unacceptable, especially for dinner.  And the menu restriction is a total cop-out.  . . Lamb Dumplings: had good flavor, but VERY haute gourmet Vegas portions (meaning the dumplings are SMALL!)  It's what I expected, so no loss of points there.  . . Tacos: ordered a few of them as an assortment (they ran out of duck tongue...VERY VERY disappointing).  The tacos were pretty spot-on; nothing incredible though.  . . I'll have to dine-in next time.  Maybe I'll update with more stars if the other menu options are better.
Good food and fun ambiance, but very pricey for what you get. My friends and I wanted just some small bites before going out and this place seemed like it would fit the bill. I'd been to Jose Andres' Bazaar in LA so I knew this place would be pricey but probably worth a try. The dishes are actually pretty straightforward and tasty upscale versions of Chinese and Mexican street food. By upscale I mean gold leaf flakes on the dumplings, oyster in a taco, etc. and tiny portions.. . Our group got to share:. - Sui Mai (Traditional 6pc  shrimp/pork/water chestnuts/mushrooms/peanuts). - Dan Dan Mian (hand-cut wheat noodles/spicy pork sauce/peanuts). - Coctel de Camarones (fresh shrimp/jumbo lump crab meat/tomato/avocado). - Papas Fritas (fried potatoes with mole poblano/Mexican cream/queso fresco). . And I got for myself in addition:. - Viva China (soft beef tendon/Kumamoto oysters/scallions/Sichuan peppercorn sauce). - China Paloma (tequila reposado/house-made grapefruit lavender syrup/soda). . I'd have to say my fave item was that Viva China taco! The beef tendon was perfectly crispy/chewy/fatty and the oyster added an extra dimension to the flavors--very good! All told with others ordering a drink of their own everyone's share came to about $35, which is pretty dang pricey for small bites. The service was also decent so I thought it was worth a try, but next time I'll probably save my $$ for other places.
The menu is unique, maybe too much so.   I had the soup, it was tasty, but pricy.
So, I agree with several of the 3 stars here and I am leaning on probably a 3.5 for here but, I can't quite put a 4 down. This has been on my list to  eat visit for awhile because of its odd Asian/Mexican fusion which does not seem to make sense. The place itself is like an acid trip with videos on the walls, stadium seating at bar, and bike wheels on ceiling. . The place is all small portion and sort of a tapas with large meal prices. . My meal. Dan Dan Mian Noodles $12- really good with great flavor, a great soba noodles and sauce.. Chilaquiles $13- Which is basically tortilla chips, sour cream sauce, and a tomatillo type sauce. This is very close to a tradition version of this dish and it was good and rich.. 20 vegetable fried rice $20- This was the best of them all, a great mix of veggies that I have eaten in such youthful form and great flavor.. However the size overall was probably 2 cups.. . Desert- Mango rice $11- which was airy and very light with a cream rice flavor and cold mangos.. . Drinks-Singapore Sling- Traditionally made and perfect! (where did these go America). . Salt Air Margariita- Crazy good with a salt flavored foam.. . Overall a solid meal, however the bang for the buck is lacking. after tip this meal for 1 is over $90 and I can say I was not full in the end. So, the food is good but you are going to have to order 3 items per person to consider it a meal.
Ate here last night and my second time dining here at China Poblano. Came here later in the evening without a reservation and was sat immediately with a group of 6. The service was excellent. We ordered tacos for each person.. . Langosta. Lengua. Barbacoa De Res. Carnitas. . Portion size was decent. Ordered 4 tacos for each person was more than filling. Though it is a bit pricey for just tacos. Our order of tacos, 2 bowls of fried rice, guacamole, chips & salsa, and a round of drinks came out to nearly $400 after tax and gratuity. I would definitely recommend this place to try, for a different experience. But it's definitely not some place I would come frequent.
We came here for a bachelorette party brunch before going on a Pink Jeep tour. I originally made the reservations for 11 and changed that to 8. When I called to make the change the concierge picked up and acted like she didn't know what I was talking about when I said "China Poblano" but apparently she knew what "Cheeena Poblano" was. I was irked by this and was expecting horrible service when we got here but the service was great as was the ambiance. The food was a bit overpriced but it's Vegas so not really complaining. The "fresh juice" was not fresh at all but it was decent enough. But overall, food wise:. The 20 vegetable fried rice was really good. Queso Fondido was great but very heavy. Tea- everyone who had it loved it. Setas taco - extremely good
While I really enjoyed the ambience of China Poblano, and the love the idea of a restaurant like this, the food was really hit or miss.. . Tuna Ceviche: Outstanding! The unexpected touch was the amaranth seeds, which contributed a wonderful crunch that made this dish memorable. It was so tasty and refreshing that we contemplated a second order.. . Chilaquiles: These were not the casserole-style chilaquiles I am used to, but it was a welcome difference. They more closely resembled nachos, but were among the best nachos I have had in recent memory.. . Twenty Vegetable Fried Rice: My opinion of this rice might be different if this dish didn't cost $20. I understand that it costs a restaurant a fair amount to obtain that many different vegetables, and I certainly don't mind paying for that...but this dish just had no punch! Many of the vegetables were indistinguishable from one another, and the dominant taste was soy sauce. It was beautiful to look at, but that's the best I can say. I much prefer the $6 fried rice I can get at my favorite sushi place back home.. . Tacos: The tacos, unfortunately, were a miss. The chicharron didn't bring anything to the party on my Cochinita taco, and I didn't care for the aftertaste either.. . Bottom line -- China Poblano is worth a visit for the ambience and certain dishes, but you can definitely skip the tacos. I'm certainly looking forward to going back to try some of the Asian dishes.
The pros: food was delicious, nice ambience (it's in the Cosmopolitan), very good service - my water glass was always full and waiter was attentive.. . The cons: very pricey for what you get. I got a $5 tiny taco (equivalent to the $2 tacos aI had at Bally's a few days earlier, lol) and a $8.88 "street sandwich," which my friend said is normally $1-2 from food carts. My friend got the stuffed pepper, with pork and pomegranate seeds.. . Both were delicious but way out of our price range - the pepper was $16! We didn't know it was going to be such small portions.. . I guess the moral is go there if you have the money, but be warned it's all small plates. DELICIOUS small plates, but small nonetheless.
You can tell Jose had a lot of fun creating the menu at China Poblano. I just wish I would have enjoyed more of the overall experience.. . Don't get me wrong, the staff was great. We were promptly seated at 8 p.m. (we made a reservation and I suggest y'all do the same).. . I liked the guacamole because it had the right amount of heat. My noodle bowl loaded with veggies was a great drinking base. The tacos were tasty (albeit tiny). The portions are small and the prices are high. Two people in our party felt ill after eating the shrimp. . . What I didn't plan for was the bench seating. I was wearing a very short dress plus high heels, as we were going straight to Marquee after dinner, and I had a very difficult time getting up from my seat without flashing the guys behind me.  And yeah, the skeezy old dudes at the table next to us were waiting to catch a glimpse. . . This place was a great way to pregame before heading into Marquee but it wasn't a whole lot of bang for the buck, plus that bench was really tough on my sequined-covered booty.
I like Jose Andres, Chinese food and Mexican food.  Put them all together you'd get something spectacular, right?  Well, at least that's I hoped for.. . The service at China Poblano was good.  I loved the interior.  Images of Mao, Frida Kahlo, the Dalai Lama, etc. projected on screen on the walls - nice touch.. . I had the Jasmine Downy Pearls tea and it was amazing.  It was fragrant and it tasted good.  It was a neat idea that they give you a timer so you get to enjoy the perfect tea whether you like it mild, medium or strong.  We ordered a bun of different things from the menu:. . Golden Pigs:. 4 fried BBQ pork buns with a side of condensed milk.  Dipping pork buns on condensed milk might seem pretty odd but it works.  Sweet and savory just go well together.  5/5. . Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich:. A braised pork sandwich.  The bread tastes just like biscuits but the filling's saaaalty. If you look at the menu, you'll see "Rou Jia Mo Street Sandwich" in a box which will make you think that's their specialty.  Honestly, I hated it. 1/5. . Tacos (Carnitas, Langosta, Viva China, Pescado Frito):. The Carnitas came with pork rinds on top but the pork in the taco was dripping in oil.  Just let the oil drip off your taco and you're all set. Great taco variety. 4/5. . When Pigs Fly:. 4 steamed BBQ pork buns. Yep, that's all I can say about that.  Nothing special. 3/5. . Lucky Six Siu Mai:. 2 scallop siu mai, 2 beef siu mai and 2 traditional siu mai topped with itty bitty pieces of gold leaf. 3/5. . Papas Fritas with Mole:. I wanted fries with my sandwich.  I had to pick between mole and XO sauce.  Fries + XO sauce just doesn't seem appetizing so I went with mole.  The mole was overpowering.  There was a scant amount of Mexican cream and queso fresco.  I can usually finish an order of fries but not this one. 2/5. . Queso Fundido with Chorizo:. Again, nothing special. 3/5. . Mango Sticky Rice:. This was the best thing on the menu.  Instead of using sticky rice, they used puffed rice so you get that nice crunch with a nice creamy coconut sauce and semi-sweet mangoes. 5/5. . Chocolate Terra Cotta Warriors:. The name "WARRIORS" is misleading because you only get one warrior made of chocolate filled with chocolate mousse on top of cookie crumbs and ginger ice cream.  It looks like something just died on my plate complete with dirt and flowers.  The presentation was just too funny but this chocoholic wasn't 100% pleased with the taste but the creativity was there. 4/5. . Cajeta Flan:. A flan made with goat's milk served with salted caramel ice cream and pineapple chunks.  The flan was mild and the salted caramel ice cream was just lovely. 4/5. . So why 3 stars?  For the amount and type of food you get vs. the price, not worth it.  It's like they grabbed the queso fundido from Viva Zapatas, steamed BBQ pork buns and siu mai from Spring Mountain, fish tacos from Rubio's for like $3 each and decided to serve it to you for double or triple the price.  Part of what makes Chinese and Mexican food great is that they're inexpensive.
I had high hopes for this place. Chinese Mexican fusion sounds like an awesome combo, right??. . Unfortunately, the service was somewhat slow, and the food was average. Nothing special at all (I would say some of the noodle dishes tasted premade). . . The tacos are tiny and pricey! I would say they are definitely not worth it (even though they have some cool combinations like Mushrooms and Guac).. . The only outstanding items I had here were the lamb potstickers. They were juicy, unique, and tasty!
This restaurant was good but so overrated. I was expecting an amazing meal but it was not that special. Some really cool drinks, creative items & good tacos but I wouldn't bother going back. The 20 veg fried rice from best thing I ever ate was totally unimpressive, I was surprised by how weak this restaurant is considering how much hype I've heard about it & that its a Jose Andres restaurant. I would not bother going back
Delicious avocado salad and tacos
Good if you want to try something with a unique taste, the blood orange margarita was yummy but overpriced. Basically, the food was fine but definitely not worth the price. $20 for a small bowl of fried rice?!? It was good but not twenty dollars good. I wouldn't come back here simply because of the prices:
Pros: Casual, fun ambiance. Good location at Cosmopolitan. Awesome decor--lucha libre meets Las Vegas--red lamps on the ceiling, video screens with pictures flashing of Mexican artist Frida Kahlo and Chinese leader Mao, etc.. . Cons: The menu was extensive but underwhelming. A bit over-priced for such a casual setting that basically served fried rice and tacos. It's tapas style, so expect to order several dishes for sharing. I don't think it was a fusion, but rather a menu with average Chinese and Mexican dishes.
We ended up coming here because Holstein's was too crowded and we didn't want to wait. . . If everything here was 15% cheaper I would be giving it more stars, but the portions are really small for the price you pay. Granted, I get that it's Vegas and everything is more expensive, but I don't think the food was THAT much better than other similarly priced restaurants. . . With that said, I do think that the food was very good and I really enjoy the ambience of the restaurant. . . I was at first a little weirded out by the Chinese/Mexican combo, but in reality the dishes aren't necessarily fusion dishes but half the menu is Chinese and half is Mexican, though there are little flourishes that would make it fusion. . . There were 3 of us and we each got a taco and a main dish. My taco had mushrooms and crispy pork skin in it, which was pretty good, and I also ordered a Mexican knife shredded noodle dish which had corn truffles and mushrooms. It was very tasty. My friends also ordered the Dan Dan mien which was very similar to traditional dan dan mien at a Chinese restaurant so I didn't see any fusion aspect to it, and we also ordered the steamed buns.
interesting food and small portions for $$$
Let me start by warning you it's VERY over priced. LOL. 1 taco is at least $5.50 I think. Food is kinda hit or mess. We had the cochinita taco, not bad but salty. The carnitas was WAY better. I believe that one is their best seller. We also shared the golden pigs. I was skeptical about eating a fried pork bun but it went really well with the condensed milk sauce. The other dish we tried was the dan dan mian. This dish was the most disappointing to me. The portion is pretty small, I didn't like the flavor and it was way too salty! We sat outside the restaurant and service was pretty good. They refilled water and kept checking on us and clearing plates. Not sure I would go back for the food though. Too pricey and not tasty enough when I feel like I can get better tacos and dim sum in Cali for way cheaper.
This is a fusion I never expected - Mexican and Chinese, street food-style.. . Two separate bars surround different cooking apparatus - steam baskets filled with dim sum on one side, and grills for tacos on the other.. . The guacamole ($15) is fresh.  "When Pigs Fly" ($13+ for four) was nice but nothing spectacular.  The carnitas taco ($5+ for one) had an interesting twist with pork rinds on top.  Everything was good but not great.  The major downside is that it's just too pricey for the quick bites. . . Interesting but limited drinks.. . Fun to try once, but probably nothing I'd need to go back for.
good authentic Mexican. Good Chinese. good cocktails. However, for a place that brands itself in inventiveness, I expected more... Mary the cuisines, spice up some dumplings, throw some Peking duck into a taco, go crazy! But no... You get Mexican OR you get Chinese... If you want both, then you have to order both. The best attempt at this was a beef tendon (yes, tendon, not tenderloin) taco with a raw Kamotto oyster on it. Good, but not great (1 more oyster would have been nice. And while their at it, drop some spice in there too). Nice try Jose, but step it up.
The food is tasty but the portions on some dishes are definitely small. Tapas small. If this was a tapas restaurant, it would keep expectations in context. Keep that in mind when ordering. If you're hungry, it won't fill you up, but if you just need a snack or a light mean, it's definitely worth a try.
$19.88 for fried rice? It's 20 vegetable fried rice and it was good, not great, but 20 DOLLARS FOR FRIED RICE? Our bill was $105 for three tacos, one 6-piece order of tiny pot stickers, hot and sour soup, the fried rice, a noodle dish, one drink from the bar and two non-alcoholic beverages. OK food; good service. Small portions. Value for money not there.
China Pablano (Cosmopolitan). Las Vegas Strip, NV. 4pm Tuesday 6th August 2013. Three Stars. . I always get excited by dumplings and Asian/Mexican fusion but I am usually disappointed.  This place was no different.  The atmosphere was fun and had unique eye catching design elements.  The Negro Modelo was only $6 dollars which was cheaper than any other place.  We started with Chips and Guacamole for $15 which was good but I rather make my own.  I had a $5 Carnitas Taco with Pork Cracklings which was delicious.  I also had the Lucky 6 Pork Dumplings ($13.88)*, which had three different types with three different garnishes: Tobiko, Radish, & Gold Leaf.  The dumplings were overly salty and you can easily get better ones at any Chinatown restaurant.  . . I guess I was hoping that there would have been more fusion but instead it was just place to eat Mexican or Asian food. . . *(Six and Eight are numbers in Chinese culture related to wealth)
We were seated pretty quickly as a table for 7 at 7pm without having a reservation by two very hospitable staff. After 4 days in Vegas, the first positive vibe I picked up on was that the front of house staff were very humble, gracious and genuine - a welcome change to the a few of the other restaurants we ate at. . . Despite the warm welcome, we were left sitting without a visit from a server for at least 10 minutes. And at most restaurants, this would be fine if not just slightly annoying. But here's why it was a much bigger problem at China Poblano: the menu and how/what you should order isn't easily decipherable without a bit of guidance (or having been there before). . . I'd suggest to the managers of CP to have the staff who seats you stick around for an extra :15 and give a one or two line spiel on how the menu is divided, portion sizes, what's shareable/not shareable, and recommended quantity of order per person. We all started to confuse each other and actually started to discuss leaving to go to somewhere that was a bit easier on our we're-in-vacation-mode brains. . . Our server came by just in time before we left and explained how it all worked, but then left and proceeded to give us another 10 minutes to ponder our life as well as our food order. He didn't take a drink order. So in the end, we sat for 20 minutes before we even get a drink order in. It's almost impossible to sit anywhere in Vegas for that long without being offered a drink. . . Orders go in and the food starts rolling out pretty much immediately. Highlights for me were:. . - Queso fundido. - Lucky 6 Siu Mai. - Gan pung ji chicken (table fave). - Carnitas taco. - Chipotle salsa. . Lowlights:. . - Viva china taco. - Lamb pot stickers . - Guacamole (tasty enough, but poor value). . There were a few mix-ups with the service - some people didn't get their tacos till the rest of the table was pretty much done their food. I chalked that up to the shared-plates approach, but a bit more attention could have easily saved one upset and ignored diner. We were also missing a side of the "monk chilli sauce" which was ordered because we were - and still are - very curious as to WTF it would actually be. . . Loved the decor of the restaurant and felt that the music was very well selected. Not really sure about the choice to project a picture of Frida Kahlo up at the same time as Chairman Mao. When you take into account his political decisions were responsible for like 40-70 million unnecessary deaths,...  Maybe it's art or irony, I dunno. It certainly sparked a conversation at the table where we concluded that the designer was probably more into the superficiality of the icon of Mao, like Che, rather than the politics and the fact that he's pretty much one of the greatest modern mass murderers. And we're looking at him while eating. In Las Vegas. Ok, maybe it is irony. Unintentional irony? Moving along.... . TL;DR version: interesting spot, food was generally tasty, I found it priced pretty reasonably with a few exceptions. The menu could use a bit more explanation - ideally, immediately upon arrival - and the table service could be a bit tighter and attentive. . . I also think this menu would benefit from being slimmed down by a few items, and then perhaps divided by portion size.
It was 10:30pm and we needed to eat ASAP.  We really wanted to eat at Wicked Spoon but sadly, we got there at 10:03 and they close at 10pm.  So we walked around for 20 minutes through The Cosmopolitan trying to find anything that sounded good.  We found this place and it looked and sounded decent enough.  And who doesn't like a place where you can order both Asian and Mexican?. . After a short wait, we were seated and it seemed to take awhile to see our waiter and then get our orders in.  In the meantime, I ordered a salt air margarita.  It was super tasty but for $14, it was kind of teeny.  Especially when it seems the foam takes up 1/3 of the glass.  But it was a really superb margarita.. . My friend ordered the fried buns with the condensed milk glaze.  I wasn't sure about them but they were actually kind of amazing.  I ordered the chicken poblano taco and the lobster taco.  The poblano taco was really good.  I should've just ordered two or three of those and been done but the lobster taco sounded so enticing.  Um, not so much.  It wasn't great and at $10, it was highway robbery.  All the other reviews are right.  These tacos are all crazy overpriced and they're tiny.. . We ended with the sticky rice and mango dessert.  Not at all what I imagined but we still ate every last bite.. . This place isn't bad, it was just a let-down.  I had high hopes looking at the menu and was a bit underwhelmed by the food and overwhelmed by the prices.  I wouldn't say not to eat here, just know what to expect.
I go to Vegas regularly and have been to many of the great restaurants.  Though China Poblano is not as costly as some, the price for what you get is costly.  Five fifty for    one taco that I can consume In 4 bites is a little high.  Though the carnitas is delicious, it is still not worth the price.  Same can be said for the 20 vegetable fried rice.  The chicken taco was ok but not memorable.  I think the 20 vegetables was match the price.  But then again, everything is a bit more In Vegas.
Located in the Cosmopolitan is a bright great ambiance restaurant. Mexican and Chinese served together, tapas style . Earlier in the day i saw them making everything from scratch before the restaurant was open.. .  Perfect for a group so you can taste a little bit of everything. Service is great we had our water up to the top the entire time.. There is a good selection on the menu so it's hard to decide what to try. We started with the chips with salsa. Chips have a great seasoning on them and the salsa was a chipotle type. (both delicious.) I ordered the Golden Pigs it comes four pieces and is a soft bread with bbq pork inside served with a side of condensed milk to dip it in.  Sounds odd but the mix is delicious, we had the cochinita taco and the chorizo fundido which comes with fresh tortillas The Quesidilla Chicarron was good too.. . My one complaint would be the imported coca cola from Mexica at 5.88 in original bottle. . All and all it was a great experience with delicious food and great service.
China Poblano is a bright, fun, casual restaurant. Seriously, it is a carpeted wall away from being an ecstasy-lover's dream. Chinese and Mexican small plates is the name of the game here. They have a healthy list of tacos. Being a self-appointed taco aficionado, this was a welcomed sight. Unfortunately, the two I tried (Viva Chine & Carnitas) missed a mark a bit, but were still solid. However, when you are dropping five bucks on a taco, you are looking for a bulls-eye. The tuna ceviche, on the other hand, was dynamite. I am not a huge ceviche fan, but the server recommended it, so we gave it a whirl. Marcus was dead-on with this suggestion. We also tried the 20 vegatable fried rice, which was alright. Overall, the dishes were interesting and varied in tastiness. The food was quality and intriguing enough to warrant another visit sometime in the future.
The food was great and the service was good. We tried a little of everything, but the highlights were the Shrimp Mojo (recommended by our waiter, and definitely one of our favorite dishes of the night), Dancing Eggplant (we thought an eggplant dish would be boring, but it was out of this world), and the Lucky 6 Sui Mai. Other highlights were the guacamole and the tuna ceviche (both pretty unoriginal in terms of concept, but when prepared as perfectly as they were, you take notice). This restaurant does get expensive, especially for alcohol -- that accounted for half of our bill. I would recommend eating here, but drinking elsewhere.
Stopped in here to munch before having cocktails at The Chandalier. Lotus chipsand habanero salsa are a match made in heaven. Fish tacos and bean tacos were good... Glass noodle salad is refreshing but overpriced and not filling.. . This is tapas style, so be prepared to order a lot to feel satisfied... Which gets pricey ( but it's Vegas, so you knew that, right?) Great snacks or appetizer option before hitting the town!
I liked the atmosphere but there aren't many vegetarian options, other than the 20 ingredient fried rice.  I was informed by our server that the bean and cheese taco isn't veg friendly as it is cooked in lard. Bummer!  . . I know the airy margarita came highly recommended, however it tasted like a cloud of salt and made me extremely thirsty.  Seriously, after a few sips, I could not drink enough water to get rid of the "thirsty" feeling.  Don't say I didn't warn you.
We stopped in here for quick bite. The pomegranate margarita is delicious but small. The guacamole was fresh and made to my spiciness level. The chips served with it were warm and a good thickness. There was however a hair in my friend's ceviche. The staff was extremely apologetic, took the item off the bill, and gave a us a free desert. Finding hair in your food is disgusting but honestly it's bound to happen from time to time and the staff handled the situation perfectly. I would eat here again.
Very delicious tacos, albeit more expensive than your standard food truck taco. Ambience is very casual. Jose Andres is a god of Spanish cuisine having introduced jamon iberico to the U.S. and innovated via molecular gastronomy but Chino Poblano did not deliver against my expectations.. . We ordered many dishes. The chips and salsa were one of the more memorable non-taco dishes. The carnitas with chicarrones wet yummy and the lobster tacos were a novelty. There are many restaurants in Las Vegas on the strip that provide a more memorable atmosphere and food.
The Cosmo is one of the most hip and happenin' spots on the strip.  China Poblano is a great place to eat and share interesting fusion dishes before continuing on with the night.  The service is snarky, prices are high for what you get, and the ambiance is pretty loud but hey, It's Vegas.  It's fast and easy and...well...HIP!
Wonderful fusion of Chinese and Hispanic food. Went with party of 6, We all tried different tacos and loved them. We had quite a few of the specialty cocktails (very good, very expensive). Service was solid, but informal/casual. A great place for lunch, but would likely go elsewhere for dinner. The suggested vegetable fried rice  was underwhelming, but the suggested dumplings were great. A solid 3 stars.
When I stumbled on this little gem my first thought was "is the chef mad, a genius, or a mad genius to have a Chinese Mexican restaurant?"  Turns out he is a rather clever fellow that has created a nice little place. . . The food is very good. A little over priced. But good. I had the Duck Tongue Taco. Yes you read that right. Duck Tongue. It was well interesting.  Also had some sticky buns which were freaking fantastic. . . I don't know if I'd go out of my way to eat here again but I  glad I tried it once. Plus the service was excellent.
I was looking forward to seeing what this place had to offer as I've walked by it a lot but never had a chance to try it.  The place didn't really live up to the expectations.  I had the ten treasures noodle soup which was nice to have after a night of drinking in the Vegas desert.  I also tasted the cheese fondido with chorizo but it was just an overly salty goop.  My friend ordered the Shrimp Mojo and it was adequate but nothing to write home about. The pork steamed buns were overly sweet and really on the small side. . . Probably not worth a second visit given all the choices in town.
I'm almost not quite sure what to say about this place. I wanted to love it, I love the concept, the layout, and obviously the location (Cosmo) but at least from my first trip I was unimpressed. I'd say 3.5 stars would be more than fair.. . Service- our waiter was a little short, kinda kept looking at us like ware idiots wasting his time. Obviously he was more interested in the party of 12 he was also helping... . . Food- only went for a light meal... Dan Dan Mian- by far the best thing we had. Super spicy and definitely interesting flavones. I would order again... . Hot n sour soup- GROSS. Had the worst consistency and made me feel like I was holding spit in my mouth. Flavors weren't good, disappointed as I really wanted soup.. . Street pork bun- tasted like soap? Not sure what was up with it but for 8 dollars the thing was no more than 2-3 inches. Left a weird bad taste in my mouth. . . . . Overall I wasn't thrilled on my meal. Will I return? Well seeing as the Cosmo is the only place to stay in my eyes, I may end up giving it another shot.
Its fair. Feels like a dim sum style place, ie order a few menu items and share bc portions are for sharing amongst people. I would come here for tacos that seems to be the best deal here.
