I am not sure if quality went down or I just have that mentality where I think Vegas strip food is overpriced, but this place was okay. . . Food: . Mac and cheese: My friend raved about their truffle mac and cheese (and i love truffles), but the mac and cheese definitely did not have truffles and was like any other mac and cheese . Bacon: This probably gave this place one extra star. This was really great. It is a thick cut of bacon and crispy to perfection. . Prime Rib: dry. . Steak: meh. Desserts: typical selection. The banana foster was basically sugar. . Sushi: dinner they have sashimi rolls. . . It is a buffet so quality is always downgraded but this place is known to be the best on the strip.
I had really high expectations for the Bellagio Buffet, especially since it had good reviews and people have said that it rivals the Buffet at The Wynn in almost every way.  I was a little hesitant though when I saw that it cost $32.99 for New Years Brunch.  It's times like these where posting up a menu is very important, but I didn't see it anywhere.  So I took a chance with it.. . This Brunch Buffet didn't really do it for me. I pretty much got the same stuff that I would've picked up at Flavors at Harrahs or Le Village at Paris for half the price.  The only way for me to make up the $32.99 was to load up on Crab Legs which is what I did (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=F_5_UNX-wrAFCXuAkBZRDw&select=JP-DNf9eXH1T9IsESWsR5g).  I also picked up some Prime Rib and Eggs which were just okay.  There wasn't really anything offered at Brunch that really blew me away.. . If you've gone to the Wynn Buffet and haven't been to the Bellagio Buffet yet, just stick with the Wynn.  You might feel a little underwhelmed with the Bellagio Buffet like I was.  I think would have had a much better brunch at Bouchon for what I paid here.
OK. So before I begin.. I am not a huge fan of buffets.. Its just not my thing. Sure I can eat a lot for my size. When new friends see me eat they always have that surprised look on their face. But ne ways,. the buffet is huge... like they have everything you can think of.. from the salad bar to sushis to chinese, to pasta, to lamb, prime rib.. the dessert SECTION.. king crab legs (best part). If you are hungry this is def the place to go.. They have foods to please pretty much everyone. . If you like buffets u shud try this one out!
Yup $35 dollars will get you into this fabulous buffet! Woooweee nothing really stood out to me here to be honest. I almost felt like it was fufu food. Super fancy food, with no taste to it. Now, The desert were amazing!! the ambiance was pretty nice. I almost feel like I need to give it one more try.
My girlfriend and I visited this place a couple of days ago. Overall, a good lunch, but "good" is not what I expected from the Bellagio. In fact, I preferred the desserts more than any of the other dishes. . . The sliders didn't have much flavor, and the buns were too dry. The turkey, too, was dry, and I thought the lamb tasted a little gamey. The mashed sweet potatoes were way too sweetened with (I think) cinnamon and maple. It took 5 minutes before we got our first drink, and we had to flag down the server to get a refill. . . Again, I would have to say this was a decent experience overall, but the various little problems still left me feeling disappointed. Yes, it was lunch on a Thursday, but shouldn't a place like the Bellagio be on top of its game everyday?
I love buffets and I got to them a lot. So I already been to the buffet at the Wynn hotel so I was more then happy to try a different buffet. My friend suggested the one at bellagio and I though sure! A new place, a new yelp review!. . So we head in, thank goodness we came early because there was no line to wait and pay but there was a wait time to get a table for 6??? I was a bit frustrated because there were open tables and they just didn't seat us. We finally got seated after about 10-15 minutes of waiting. . . Usually when I go to buffets, I'm starving so no surprise...when we got there I was HUNGRY! So I decided to circle around the area to see what they have. For Vegas buffet, I felt the the selections were very limited and there was much things that appealed to me. But, I was still manged to get a little of everything. . . The taste was alright. It was able to get me full but I only scarf down 2 plates. I think the most enjoyable item was the pasta ravioli with truffle sauce. Besides that, it was alright. The food was okay, nothing really gave me a a wow factor.
Definitely the best buffet I have ever been to, but it was not as great as I had expected. We waited in line for an hour and paid about 60 ish for lunch + champagne. The selection of food wasn't amazing.... the crab wasn't good, and the only sushi they had were like California rolls. The salmon tasted like it came straight from the farm, but the other fishes were pretty good. I did like the prime rib, a couple of the asian dishes, and the pasta. The deserts were good, but the fruits were not sweet. It was decent, but not as spectacular as everyone says. Oh and I think I got some kind of allergic reaction from something cuz I broke out into rashes after eating there! It's definitely better than your neighborhood hometown buffet, but don't expect anything mind blowing!
The Bellagio breakfast was just ok.. . We came for the cheapest of their buffets - weekday breakfast, more on the later side so we could cross-over in to lunch. I think I was just not in the right frame of mind, or the buffet was having an off day, but nothing really stood out or grabbed me, and I even began to question my buffet-loving self!. . The best was their fresh french toast & pancakes. Absolutely amazing, warm and fluffy. Big vat of bread pudding? Always a huge plus. Two different kinds of breakfast potatos? All delicious. Tons of different breakfast pastries, from a myriad of muffins to (a very good) cinnamon bun and danishes? Check! Maybe I carbo-loaded too much? I did have lotsa beautiful fruits, though!. . By the time lunch came around I was tuckered out and nothing really spoke to me. However I tried their fresh pizza & it was great! Desserts were super disappointing because none of them tasted fresh. Not even their cute little shapes could sway me, which was sad.. . They had a lot of cold vegetarian options which was great, and some warm veggies but nothing too sensational. I didn't try what looked to be Pad Thai because it looked a little too forced to me... . Maybe it was the ambiance - a little dumpy, and the layout was a bit chaotic. I promise I will try you again, Bellagio Buffet. Someday!
I was actually a little underwhelmed by this buffet.  Maybe it was just hyped up too much by my friend, maybe I was expecting more than just your typical breakfast items for the price paid.. . Aside from the endless Mimosas, the Eggs Benedict and smoked salmon were probably the best things available.  The sushi bar was severely lacking in choices with only California Rolls and Veggie Rolls.  Then again....this place is in the middle of the desert...should I really be that surprised?. . Brunch will run you a little over $30 per person which, honestly, you're mostly paying for is the name "Bellagio".
One of the better ones. Enjoyed the crab legs and shrimp. Not as good as the Cosmopolitian.
A little disappointed - went for dinner on a Wednesday night and waited about 5 min in line before being seated.  I ate about 4 plates of food and here is what I think:. . ENTREE. - kobe sirloin is a bit dry even though it was cooked to medium. - leg of lamb was pretty good and juicy, except the mint jelly was on the counter by the heat lamp so it was more like mint soup. - prime rib (got 2 servings cuz the first cut was rare and the second cut was medium well) -- where is the medium rare cut?. - crab legs - had both king crab and snow crab, nicely cut but a little bit on the salty side - can't complain about crab legs (and it's hard to mess up crab legs sitting on ice). - had two different fish (one was sea bass) - it was decent. - ahi and salmon poke had good flavor but the fish tasted a bit mushy. - sauteed bakchoy was delicious (i actually ate about 6 or 7 stalks of it) - cooked just right, not too raw and not over cooked, salted just right. . sad to say the rest of the entrees didn't really interest me and I skipped the salads. . DESSERT. one thing i enjoy most about buffets are their dessert because they come in bite-size portions and a wide variety of selection but nothing I had today was 'to-die-for' - meaning I wouldn't care for seconds.  Don't get me wrong, the stuff was good: creme brulee, flan, little creamed filled waffle cones, mille feuille, ice cream, cookies, fruit tart.  I had them all :). . The last time I came to Bellagio's buffet was back in 2003 on a weekend and it left a lasting memory.  So maybe it was my mind playing tricks on me after 8 years, but it wasn't as good as I had remembered.
We had high hopes for this place but sadly it wasn't as good as we expected.. . 4 of us plus1 baby came here for dinner at 5 pm.  I know, that's the retirement hour but any later and the baby turns into a pumkin.. . The food was just ok, nothing special or out of the ordinary.  They had lots of king crab legs that were pretty good, prime rib (dry), lamb that didn't taste like lamb, kobe beef top sirloin (okay but dry), crepe station was good and the salmon & ahi poke were tasty.. . Unfortunately the sides were unexciting and the dessert was a total bust, not much flavour and generally unmemorable.  The last time we were in Vegas, we went to the Wynn buffet and that was much better.  Perhaps because it was a weekend and it was brunch.
Starting out with the positives, I loved the fish choices, and enjoyed the puffy bread, pastas, the ribs and the lamb. They have fresh grapefruit juice! The dessert area was overwhelming but the cheesecake, bread pudding, and creme brulee were the best.. . But in the end, I was really disappointed! All the beef I had was super undercooked, flat-out raw in the middle. The creme brulee wasn't fully cooked or crunchy on the top even though it tasted right. Everything was just kinda alright, and nothing very creative at all. We were gonna try Wynn the next day but after this we were wary too and instead had a fabulous brunch at Bouchon instead!
Frankly, this place didn't meet expectations. We had the regular weekday dinner, and I was excited to try kobe beef for the first time, but it didn't have all the tenderness that I expected. Still, I was willing to give them a pass on it until I ran into two other major problems:. . 1) Some of the king crab legs were really salty, and others were really icy. You could taste the ice crystals. Both of these factors distracted from the anticipated heavenliness of the crab feast, so -1 star.. . 2) The desserts were generally not that impressive. The cheesecake, tiramisu, chocolate cake thingy, and non-brulee portion of the creme brulee didn't taste right. While I eventually found several desserts that I enjoyed (the dark chocolate cone thing; the bananas foster, which seems like a flambe or just heated bananas with a sweet syrup that worked out; the peach sorbet and raspberry sorbet), I expected far better than hit-or-miss quality from this place.. . Now for some dishes that I would recommend if you choose to try this place: bass, seared bluenose fish with the dark sauce, leg of lamb, shrimp and pesto pizza, the pastas, and oh man, the shrimp cocktail was absolutely spectacular. Still, I expected more out of this place, so I'm only giving 3 stars.
I tried both the Bellagio buffet and the Wynn buffet since there were so many mixed reviews for both. I have to say that the Wynn buffet is so much better. My boyfriend and I stood in line at around 2:30pm and stayed until 4pm for the dinner items (which only included some new sushi items, crab legs, and prime rib). The spicy tuna hand roll and salmon poke was probably the best part of the buffet. The dessert was mediocre. The creme brulee tasted like pudding, it was very watered down and had a runny consistency. I did enjoy the peach and strawberry self-serve sorbet though but not much of the other desserts really stood out to me. I wish there was more variety and choices for the buffet, my boyfriend even indicated that he went back several times only to get the same items he had already eaten.
very good! seafood selection could be better. i LOVED the desserts
Went here for Saturday brunch. Had high expectations after reading reviews, but I was not impressed. Didn't have a lot to pick from, and there wasn't enough room. I think the Mirage buffet is way better than Bellagio's.
I had the same and better buffet @ Bellagio 2 years ago. When I went back this time, the quality of food wasn't as great as last time. I would rather try some new place next time. The customer service was excellent !
Not my favorite buffet yet. But it is up there. They have everything you would want. The only meat that was disappointing to me was the cut of prime rib. It wasn't tender enough for my liking. Also, the seafood wasn't amazing, although I did like the ahi and salmon poke. The rack of lamb is something I would recommend.
This buffet is pretty good, and if I've never been to the Buffet at Wynn I would probably think much more highly of it. They're about the same price so I can't help but compare. . . We came on a Tuesday evening at around 6:30pm and there was pretty much no wait for a table so that was nice. The servers were friendly and were also quick to refill drinks and remove dirty plates. . . When I go to these high priced buffets I always levitate towards two main things in order to get my money's worth: prime rib and crab legs. This buffet also featured Kobe steak which my boyfriend tried, but all three were disappointing. The crab legs were tiny and skinny with barely any meat to offer; no butter dip either. Both the prime rib and Kobe steak were overcooked and tasteless. I tried hard to love this place but I was yearning for the Wynn Buffet the entire time. . . There are some other good offerings but I don't know if there's really anything you could fill up on that would make it worth the high price tag. The desserts here are pretty good for a buffet. Try the Bananas Foster with some Vanilla ice cream on top! Mmm.
Gorgeous eggs benedict, not best service((
Overall: 3.5. Food: 3.5. Service: 3. . Tip: Go right before lunch is over (lunch is over at 4pm, head there around 3:45pm) to get lunch pricing then wait for the food to switch over to dinner before gorging.  Lunch price is $10 cheaper on weekdays(Sun-Thur) and $17 cheaper on weekends(Fri-Sat) compared to dinner pricing.. . Food was good.  Kind of expected more but not a bad buffet.  . Selection was good.. Nothing really stood out as amazing but I enjoyed the following:. -st. louis style ribs. -prime rib. -quail. -baked sea bass. -buffalo popcorn shrimp. . Desserts were ok.  Pretty stuffed at this point so that probably affected the enjoyment factor.  Seemed like pretty standard buffet items (creme brulee, flan, cheesecake, fruit tarts, etc.). . Service was decent.  Waitress forgot to take our drink orders when we were seated but otherwise not a bad experience.. . Remember to wear stretchy pants, a bite or two of everything becomes a whole lot of food quickly.
I had 4 buffets during my weekend trip to Vegas and this was one of the better ones for lunch.  The line wasn't too bad at all (20min) and the price was good at $20 but we went at 1:00pm on a Monday.  . . I thought the salad and cold food selection was fantastic, my favorites were the seaweed salad and the lady making you personal spicy tuna hand rolls. The fruit selection was really fresh and they had strawberries the size of a baby's fist! I was less excited about the hot food but the ribs were good and the pizza was just average.. . Great dessert selection but nothing really called out to me so I just OD'ed on strawberries.
It could because I came here two or three years back when the quality was a lot better, but I was a bit disappointed with their selection of desserts and the quality of their entrees. At the same time, it could be because we came here for Sunday dinner so the gourmet dinner option was not offered. Honestly, remembering back they had a lot more food. This time around, there were no macaroons, tortes or mousse. And the creme brule was extremely watery in consistency. insert sad face.. . I thought what stood out were the rack of lambs, kobe beef, sea bass king crab legs, white chocolate nutella cone, strawberry cheesecake, and banana foster bread pudding. Everything else began to taste the same when we were 30 minutes into the buffet. A lot of people were in line for salmon and maguro poke but I stayed away from the raw seafood because it was a buffet after all. Upon leaving, my impressions of the Bellagio buffet had decreased and my stomach was unsatisfied. . . I would recommend trying the newer buffets if you're ever in town, like the Wynn, Wicked Spoon (Cosmopolitan--which may temporarily become the next "it" hotel) and if you're a real carnivore--Texas de Brazil would be more satisfactory.
I came in expecting the best........ totally sobered up and ready to eat but sadly, I was disappointed.. . Crab legs were a touch on the salty side... and i they wont steam it for you either (big ups to the aria).  No butter either.  Sushi selection was weak..... Desserts looked good but failed with the exception of the bread pudding, bananas foster, and nutella cone.  Flan was terrible! Not airy at all, I felt like I was eating an egg.. . The prime rib was excellent.  I could tell that it was prime as you could literally see the marbling of mouth watering medium rare.  Lamb was well cooked, but lacked flavor.  Top sirloin kobe beef was well-done and really wasn't what I expected for kobe beef.  . . Meh.  Wishing I went to the Wynn.. . Also, service is cold and mediocre.
The food is Ok. My friend told me it was amazing. I still didn't go in with high hopes. They were super busy, but we got in quickly because there was room at the bar. Everything I tried was very salty. So you fill on water. The sushi was a do not eat. Try at your own risk. Dessert was ok some of the cakes were too sweet. The exotic cake tasted best. overall it doesn't like up to the hype people give it. If this is the best around , that doesn't say much for all the other buffets.
I rate this place 3 stars because it didn't leave an impression on me.. . There was kobe beef, so the good part is that you could get unlimited amounts of it, which my friends all did to make their 40-50 bucks per person worth it. haha. . There was soup, thank goodness. I don't remember seeing/eating icecream.... . well anyways, if I had to compare this buffet with the aria buffet, I'd eat at Arias ANYDAY!
At $40 per person, I was hoping for more from Bellagio's buffet.. . After waiting nearly an hour to be seated, we were finally brought to a small table right near the sushi buffet.  The selection of food is enormous, and you'd be hard-pressed not to find something to enjoy.  Highlights for me were just watching people load up on the crab legs and shrimp cocktail (the "smart" buffet diners).  I'm talking PILES of the stuff.. . It was impossible to try everything, but I was able to get a good sampling of the various cuisines.  Nothing really stood out.  The sushi was nothing to write home about, but I guess that's no surprise seeing as it's a buffet.  There were some decent pasta dishes (my weakness), and a nice selection of meats, including lamb and prime rib.  You can basically find everything here, which translates to everything just being average.. . Our server was quite friendly though, and he kept the drinks filled and the table cleared.. . Though buffets can be fun eating, I just can't justify the $40 price tag here.
This buffet is good but not excellent, I know of quite a few that are better but it is in the middle of the pack. Seating is cramped and takes awhile to get drink refils. The deserts were good and food was solid. But, I think it should be spectacular for a place that strives to be yet, it is happy being mediocre and not work long wait.
There was a lot of hype about this spot, I'm not saying I wasn't satisfied but I'm not saying I was as impressed as I thought I would be after all the hype.. Like any other buffet, there are a lot of options and there was a long wait. The difference between this buffet and the majority of the buffets on the Vegas strip is that this one had lots of seafood options - which I prefer because I don't eat a lot of meat and if I could, I would only eat fish. Also, we had a Pescatarian in our group, so it was much easier than usual for her to find yummy food to eat. =] . The one thing I really enjoyed here was the desserts! They were made so beautifully and tasted like heaven!. The service and staff here was on point, not once during my meal was my drink anywhere empty nor was our table crowded of dirty dishes. [needless to say, our group left a good tip ;]. . The price wasn't bad, especially since I ate lots of salmon poki & sushi; definitely ate my worth ;]. . When I go to Vegas again, I'll be eating here for dinner again since theres lots of seafood options and I'm not a steak and eggs kinda person.
We decided to pick Bellagio buffet because of the Yelp review, however, after trying it, we weren't impressed. . . We were there early for dinner to avoid the line, however, we still waited for 20 minutes. I was told it could've been worse.  . . There was a large selection of food, but very few ones really stood out. We liked the steamed mussels with the spicy sauce, the salmon sashimi, and some small side dishes. . . I was especially disappointed at the crab legs, they weren't as fresh and they were quite small. It was a let-down to me. . . The dessert were mediocre as well. I didn't try the meat dishes, since I am not a fan of poultry dishes. . . The interior was a bit old and crappy. It was certainly not the modern and classy design we would hope for. . . The price was alright. The service was quite slow. The wine was okay, though. . . Overall, we were not impressed with the food and service there.
I was wondering what all the hype was about this place, so I decided to give it a shot. For $30 a head, it better be worth the meal. We waited about 5-10 minutes, as we arrived at around 9:00pm.. . Admittedly, it was better than Todai, but that doesn't mean anything really...considering Todai is catering more towards the Asian style.. . The orange juice, out of the buffets I've been to, was the best. However, I am still overall disappointed with American orange juice, it has that bitter taste I don't like.. . The food itself, however, was average. Average does not cut it for a place that's $30 a head. The crab legs ranged from delicious (sweet) to disgusting (unbearably sour), depending on luck I assume. The Manhattan Clam Chowder felt more like Manhattan Chicken Chowder; I couldn't taste any resemblance of clams in the soup.
This place is decent compared to all of the other buffets I've been to in Vegas.  I would def recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a good buffet to go to.  I still have yet to have visited a buffet that I could rate as 4-5 stars.  I can't remember all that I ate during my last trip but here is a list of some of the things I had.. . Rack of Lamb (4). Kobe Beef (4). Shrimp (2). Crab Legs (2). Prime Rib (4). Mash Potatoes (4). Mac & Cheese (3). Sushi (3). Ahi (3). Creme Brulee (4). Cheesecake (3)
the bellagio buffet has been a favorite through all the new buffets.  i was never impressed with any other and i've been to wynn, paris, rio, etc. . . i actually wanted to try another buffet but our friends wanted to come here...and it was okay with me as long as it was bellagio.. . but i didn't know that they hike up the price for no reason easter weekend.  it was $44.95!!  OMG..  as if they don't already make enough money.. boo.. . the line wasn't too bad but it still took about 40 minutes.  (i got in line at 7:15pm). . what i always eat at any buffet is the prime rib.  people who know me know that i LOVE my prime rib.  after i enter the buffet, i go straight to the carver and get two helpings.  before other people have come back from going through the entire buffet, i'm already done with that.  heheh... . luckily, the prime rib was medium rare when i arrived.  the latter pieces were overcooked.  by the time they got more fresh meat, i was on dessert. . . the creamy horseradish is across from the meat station.  however, the real horseradish was located in a weird location inbetween the pasta and pizza.  yeah, i didn't get it.. . . kobe sirloin was tough and overdone.  they had quite a bit of lamb if you like it but i don't. . . i liked the mixed corn, mushrooms, etc in the salad bar area.  the fish was okay...seabass and swordfish.. . alaskan crab legs were okay too.  you can request that they steam the crab legs in hot water so that you can have it warm.. . worst thing was the pork.  they don't know how to cook pork at all.  how do you mess up baby back ribs?  they must be talented.  pork belly was tough too.  it's supposed to melt in your mouth not be like a rock.. . service was okay.  they bring out drinks and clear plates.  . . desserts were delicious.  they had bread pudding, peach panecotta, napoleon, raspberry chocolate mousse cake, big french macaroons, soft serve vanilla, brownies, apple pie, etc.. . . i think the quality of the food has deteriorated.  the desserts are still good.  that's about it.  i wish i tried the other buffet i was thinking of...  if i knew we were going to pay $45 per person, i would have pushed for it.  oh well... . the $44.95 price tag was too much...even for a buffet.  oh yeah, there is no kids' price.  i asked cuz i was curious since i saw some people bring a good number of kids.  kids are full price unless they are under 3 years old.  but maybe they are high rollers and get free buffet coupons.  still vegas is not a great place to take kids...  HEL-LO... *sigh*
Okay, I think it's a tad overpriced for weekend brunch.  $24.95 plus an additional $5 if you want champagne with your food is a lot to spend on brunch.  I didn't think there would be a line, but the Bellagio buffet is popular so I shouldn't have been surprised.  I guess we waited about 10 minutes, which isn't too bad.  I thought there would be more food stations to choose from but there was a good selection of food.  I wasn't very hungry when we went for breakfast and I didn't know they only have brunch on Sunday's so I tried my best to get our money's worth.  I only ate some fruit, a piece of bagel and potatoes.    My husband enjoyed himself, he ate A LOT of food and had no complaints so it was worth it for him.  . . It was a little weird to see breakfast at one station and then Asian/Indian food at another, I would never think of combining chicken biryani with omelets, but people ate it.  All the food was fresh and flavorful.  I guess if I was more hungry I would have enjoyed the food more.
Came here to eat brunch Mon 5/30/11;  I was expecting it to be around $17 but I was wrong. But I think they run special pricing due to memorial weekend. . . There are plenty of cold seafood... The usual crab legs, shrimps. Hot food : mediocre or bad Chinese food. They have porridge but the toppings are: pork sung, green onion, soy sauce. What kind of porridge is that????. . As for porridge I think Wynn's porridge was better. The Chinese food section only has hot n sour soup, won ton soup, pineapple fried rice, and some fish. . . The breakfast section is big.. Filled with the usual suspect cheese blitz, pancake, waffle, French toast, eggs, sausage etc.. . Carving has honey glazed pork belly again it's not as good as wynn's it's drier... . . If I'm to spend the same amount I suppose I'll go to Wynn's :)
had dinner on fri night   48  bucks it was ok but not great
This place used to be my favorite buffet in Vegas, but after visiting again this year (hadn't been since 2007) you can tell the quality has completely gone down the toilet.  I recommend going to the Wynn, their buffet is much better - like Bellagio used to be.
Mediocre. Was not worth the price!!!!!
$24.99 for saturday brunch. . . The line was so long when we got to this buffet. The wait was probably 30+ minutes and it was crowded in the buffet area. . . They were serving lunch and breakfast, that's why I love BRUNCH!. . They had some meat: Lamb and Prime Rib which were delicious and well moist but the Prime Rib was too rare for me. I really love their esparagus and chicken noodle soup. They didn't have that much Asian food choices which was kinda disappointing. Decent number of choices pastries and deserts. They didn't have Raspberry Iced Tea!! really weird. . . I guess I had better expectations from this buffet but mostly got disappointed.
Food was good, but nothing special. Nothing compares to the Mandalay Bay buffet though lol.
Buffet looks nice outside and the line you stand in is fancy on the walls and all, but not so great inside. The display where they hold the all the food looks like cafeteria style. Dirty sneeze guards that are greasy and look like they've never been cleaned. The chairs and tables were an older style, not my type, but look clean and ok. Now the most important part, the food. The food was ok. They have lamb and flank steak which were the best. The cocktail shrimp was large and very fresh, didn't taste frozen and thawed a bunch of times. The sushi was not very appealing to look at, but I tried it anyway. Surprisingly, the spicy tuna was pretty good. The desert area had quite a variety, but no gelato and only soft serve. They had carrot cake, lemon, walnut brownies, and more. They did have a full bar, but the prices was very expensive.  The food was ok, but for the price, I've had MUCH better, and I've been to MANY of the buffets in vegas, and this is not the best. Funny, I expect more from the BELLAGIO. I was expecting more and got WAY less. Probably won't come back because of the price.
Since its been featured on tv soo many times as one of the best buffets, i had to try it out.. . Came here for Brunch on a Sunday morning, (the later you get here the longer you wait) we got champagne with our meal so it was $30 per person but we got endless mimosas! MMm MM!M!!. . to tel you the truth i was disappointed, i was expecting a lot more since there was a lot of hype about it. Theres a lot of selection of food which i like, the bacon was delicious, and they had pesto mashed potatoes which i loved!! Chinese food, breakfast, sushi, pastas..etc etc!!...... . ...but no hashbrowns!!?! no corn hash?!?!...and the dessert really disappointed me, a lot of seltion but it wasnt really that good. Maybe the hype is for dinner or lunch buffet.....so ill come back to give it another chance ;)
we came here on a Sunday, we fell in line at about 1 o'clock it took about 1 and a half hours to eat.  I was really excited, because I really like buffets, but I LOVE vegas buffets.. . Pork Belly, delicious!. Lamb!, good. sushi area...okay. Salad area..wtf, the guy was very rude, when I asked for a spoon for the sunflower kernels, he looked down, around--then grabbed a spoon from the garbanzo beans and SHOVED it into the kernels and said "there is now". . whoa bro, not my fault you got stuck on salads for the third straight day. . We came at a weird time, breakfast was just ending and dinner was in transition, so some of the items  were unavailable, and the existing ones were of low quality and quantity... . I like it, hopefully next time we can get their for dinner.... . murr
Not really worth it. . . Infinite amounts of food, but food selection is limited. Let's you want some sushi, you can get 100 pieces of 3 different kinds of sushi. . . Lots of dessert though, but its all the same, just small cakes and little cones filled with creme. Try to find that little cup of strawberry jello+whipped cream. It goes really fast. . . Seafood is too salty. If you really want it, grab it when it first comes out, do not get bottom of pile. . . The best food I had there was DIY salad....k. . . Large generous portions of meat, wait in line maybe 2min to get through the whole line. . . . Overall, its okay if you are hungry. There are other buffets on the strip. For a hotel this big, I am really disappointed.
Gonna make this review short and simple. Quality of food/service went down considerably compared to couple years ago due to what I call "HR problem" I feel like Bellagio transferred all the good chefs/servers to Cosmopolitan buffet as MGM Corp needs to impress guests with its new state of the art buffet place. Until Bellagio brings back all the top chefs/servers to Bellagio to bring back its good old quality, I won't pay $30 for my meal and opt for Spice Market Buffet instead! :X
I had heard really good things about this place but I have to say I was a little disappointed. Yes the food quality was perfect but I was expecting more of a selection.
Line was very long. Was very excited to find out what the Bellagio buffet was all about and sad to say it did not live up to it's reputation. . Pros: dessert, prime rib, service, snow crab and king crab. . Cons: fake Kobe beef, BBQ ribs no bueno, pork belly wasn't to fond of it. Sushi was terrible
I must say, I was a little disappointed with my Bellagio buffet experience. I definitely expected better. I came for dinner and they had a good variety of food, but I actually expected more. The crab was only okay, nothing spectacular.  The prime rib was quite good, juicy and tender. I also tried the crab cakes which were surprisingly good. I would also reocommend trying their sushi and especially the salmon poke. The salmon poke was probably the best thing they had at the buffet. Other than that, I was not too impressed with the dessert selection. There wasn't a lot to choose from and there wasn't really anything special or unique.. . So overall, the buffet was still pretty good but not amazing. Wicked Spoon is still better!
I'll start by saying that I am not really a "buffet" person.  I typically think of those low-end, low-class joints where large people stuff themselves with full-on, glutenous abandon...and it kind of freaks me out.  Also, I find buffets to be overkill....I'm a conscious eater and know I can't (and shouldn't) eat $36 worth of breakfast food in one sitting, so I usually don't want to waste the money - I'd much prefer to waste it gambling, but, I digress.  . . Anyway, for all of my hang-ups about buffets, I will say that the Bellagio does a very nice job.  The quality of the food is good and fresh and the selection is enormous.  The service, as with everything else in this hotel, is wonderful.   Be prepared to wait in line....a long line at that...and listen to the group of guys howling about the night before, or the group of girls terribly hungover ready to go to the pool.  :). . In any case, if you staying at or even just visiting the Bellagio, you really can't go wrong.  In my opinion, this is still the best hotel in Vegas when it comes to service and quality.  Enjoy!
Hmmm, 2 words OVER RATED, wait 2 more, OVER PRICED.  . . So we had the champagne brunch this morning.  Actually my husband didn't have champagne- so his price was $25, if you want champagne it's $5 extra.  . . I read reviews here yesterday before deciding to fork out $60 for brunch.  The only conclusion I can come to at this point is that most of the reviews must be tourists.  I'm a local, and this buffet is NOT "the best buffet ever".  I'm used to buffets, so walking in and seeing tons of food doesn't shock me.   My husband would have preferred Golden Corral over this, not me though.. . The main reason we came here was because my parents had comps and we wanted to have breakfast with them.  So we didn't have to wait in the nice long line.. . As for the food, it was decent.  The selection wasn't that great- at first it looks great, until you realize there are a lot of duplicates- like bacon in 4 different areas, sausage if 4 different areas, whole roasted potatoes in 3 different area....ya get it?  I also don't think the layout of the food flows nicely either.  It's all chopped up so it's very easy to miss things.  . . I'm a pretty plain eater so I had things like bacon, french toast, roasted potatoes, pizza, a nice salad, prime rib,  mashed potatoes and some dessert.  Everything was good, but again, $30 worth....I don't think so.. . Oh and their desserts look great, but they were all room temperature.  I don't know about ya'll, but I like my cheesecake to be cold!!  Oh, and no ice-cream.  What the hell, the buffet at Sunset Station that costs $10 has real ice-cream.  Not that soft serve ice milk crap!!  . . I see that other reviews mention crab legs- there were not any when we were there.. . The service was good, just good.  I wouldn't say it was anyting spectacular, it was as expected.  Our plates where cleared in a timely manner and our drinks where always pretty full.  I was kinda annoyed though when I told the waitress that I wanted a mimosa.  She basically just dumped some OJ in my champagne glass that was 3/4 full.  So after she added the OJ it was full to the brim.  And maybe it's just me, but pulp free OJ would be nice in a mimosa.. . I highly doubt we will be returning to this buffet.  I think the husband and I will try The Wicked Spoon.   And if we don't like that we'll stick to The M.  . . I'd much rather go to The M, where beer and wine are included with your price.  The M has a seafood dinner buffet on the weekends for the same price as this brunch, and it's their original dinner buffet PLUS seafood, so it'll work for those who don't like seafood.  . . Really, if you are leaving Vegas, and going home to California, stop at The M on your way out of town!
Came here during the breakfast and lunch hour. The offerings were pretty typical during breakfast time with the customizable omelette station as the highlight.. . When the time came to the lunch offerings, the standout was easily the mini burgers. They were surprisingly juicy and had just the right amount of cheese to it. I was able to dress each burger properly from the other offerings nearby also. To top it all off, hella good flan with a slight orange flavor to it settled my stomach easily.. . Overall, from the other extravagant buffet offerings around, I can't say that the Bellagio's buffet tops out the list of best buffet in Vegas.
Came early; so didn't have to wait long for dinner. I probably didn't eat enough to make the buffet worth it for me.  I don't even recall what I ate that night but I was impressed by the huge dessert section.
After seeing all the raving reviews, I was really looking forward to trying the buffet at Bellagio but in the end, I was a bit disappointed. . . Shrimp cocktail was awesome as well as some of the other seafood selections, but a lot of meat dishes were overcooked, dry, and tough. Good pasta and pizza, but I try to limit my carb consumption at buffets so that I can eat more and get my $$ worth. . . Now on to desserts. My friends and I tried little bit of everything, there was really no wow factor. Everything was a bit bland, even flan and tiramisu. Come'on, how can you ever go wrong with flan and tiramisu? The best ones were chocolate eclair and bread pudding, but not good enough to go get seconds. . . Considering that I came here after not eating for good ~20 hours, I should have enjoyed the food more than usual but unfortunately, that was not the case. . . If this is your first time in Vegas or won't be coming back in a while, then go with Paris, Wynn, or Wicked Spoon at Cosmopolitan instead.
This place is overly hyped!  Maybe I've been to better buffets, or the line was just too long and same for the wait.  I had their Sunday Brunch.  Though I left full, I was truly disappointed.
The food here is very average with funky tasting desserts. My husband is a platinum players card holder so we breezed through the, what seemed like a crazy, 2 hour wait line that ends up in the casino area. . The waiter came around often but never had a smile on his face.  The carving station attendant was rude and obnoxious. . Honestly, the only thing I really enjoyed was the coffee!  Can someone please tell me if it's a special Bellagio blend or can I get this from Jean Philippe? Never tried their coffee before.
Came here recently and it was ok. Most of the food was prepared nicely, but the crab legs were frozen. Yuck!. . Luckily they did have my creme brulee. Think I will try some other new buffets next time.
It's a buffet, which should tell you everything you need to know about this place.  It's a Vegas buffet, which should make things even clearer.. . If it isn't, here's the scoop - it's a buffet, meaning the food isn't going to be adequately seasoned or really interesting in any way because they have to appeal to the fat Midwestern fucks (myself included) that make up much of the clientele of this place.  Second, it's a Vegas buffet, meaning they make up for the relatively bland food by offering a fuckton of variety.  Nothing was really notable except for these crazy cheese puffs (which I ate several bowls of the way one eats a bowl of cereal).  Not worth the price or the wait in line.
Came here for the Saturday Brunch yesterday with my cousins. Man I don't know if this place is going downhill or the brunch just sucks. Prime rib was dry and not tender at all. Very limited selection. The only thing that was good was my omlette and I can make that at home.... pshhh. Next time I'll go back to the good ol Wynn Buffet or try that new Cosmopolitan buffet.
The Bellagio buffet does not live up to the hype. While the selection of the food is pretty good during dinner, the flavors of just about everything I tried was mediocre at best. Everything was either overcooked or oversalted, especially the crab legs, which tasted like it had been boiled in pure salt water after being split in half. The only savory food I enjoyed was the salmon and ahi poke and grilled asparagus. The dessert station here is pretty small and pathetic as well, especially compared to the buffets at the Wynn and Paris. At least the tiramisu and apple cobbler I tried were good, since many of the other desserts fell flat. . . The only good thing about my experience here was that we paid lunch prices ($20) for dinner on a weekend, since the nice Asian hostess hurried our party of four in through the guarded entrance just 3 minutes before 4 pm. . . I guess one has to acceptthe fact that a buffet is still a buffet at the end of the day.
it is just ok. dont wait in line for more than an hour for this one. the food is good but not like what your might think. buffet food the same as every other casino in town. and the $30 price tag.....hmmm
food was okay. a good amount to chose from but nothing blew me away except for their dessert! bellagio buffet probably has my favorite dessert selections out of all the buffets i've tried in vegas.. . i went in during the last hour for lunch and they still had some breakfast items left but it was definitely not fresh. their salmon sashimi was pretty good and a lot of seafood dishes to chose from.. . service was okay, i've had better service at other buffets in vegas. the only reason why i would go back to this buffet would be for the dessert. everything else was just alright.
This was my third time eating at the buffet; I have eaten here previously for breakfast and dinner. My party and I went to the buffet tonight (a Wednesday night) around 5:45, and we were surprised to see a substantial line formed outside the restaurant. I called earlier in the day, and I was told lines didn't start forming until around 6:30. . . When we paid for the buffet, we were surprised that 8 year olds were charged the same price as adults (there is no kids' price; diners 4+up all pay $29.95). We got our seats at 6:25.. . I surveyed the buffet quickly before getting food. It seems that the selection and quality of the food has declined since the last times I ate here. . . The Japanese food station:. -I loved the seaweed salad, the udon salad, and the california roll. -The salmon and tuna poke were mediocre. The fish was good, but there was way too much sauce on it. -The beef tartar was not good. . The salad station:. -For most of the prepared salads, you have to ask someone behind the counter to give you some, which I didn't really like. There were some salads you could grab yourself. One was a corn couscous salad that was delicious.. -For the make-your-own-salad, the selection was pretty standard. . Seafood:. -Crab legs were fresh and refreshing; the best part is you don't have to crack them open yourself!. -The shrimp was also fine. -The salmon was overcooked. -Chilean seabass was the big winner of the night!! It was so flavorful and tender; it melted in my mouth. -Steamed mussels were delicious. . Meat:. -The only meat I tried from a carving station was the pork tenderloin, which was too dry. -The sausages were pretty standard. . Random sides:. -Sweet potatoes were amazing. -Read cabbage was one of my favorite things of the night. -I also really enjoyed the risotto and German pasta. -Sauteed cabbage and honey glazed carrots were both solid dishes. . Dessert:. -I got the last cookie of the night (I don't know why they didn't bake more) - it was a normal cookie. -The bread pudding was good, as was the carrot cake. . I had a nice meal here, but I'm not sure I'd come back.
Stipulation: to get any more than 3 stars as a buffet, you need to blow my socks off.  They stayed on.. . That said, it was enjoyable, and the items that I did choose were done rather well :-). . Good points. * Server was quick to fill up the champagne glasses.  Thank you!. * Good coffee. * Wonderful smoked salmon and cod. * Nice cutlery. * They make spicy tuna hand rolls to order. * Shrimp was squishy. . . Not so great. * LONG wait (actually, the line moved quickly.  ~20 people once you got outside the twisty portion of the line (so, in front the casino floor), and it only took 45" and we were seated. * horrible ice cream. * desserts were "eh". * Sterile atmosphere. I know, you're in Vegas, but you're also at the Bellagio, and I was just hoping for a bit more. * No crab or oysters :-(. . No regrets; I would just choose to go a cafe next time.
Went for dinner.  Only liked two dishes there, prime rib and primavera pasta.  Dessert, though there was a large selection, was mediocre in taste.  . . Heard from others that the best is to go for champagne brunch.
We went on the 4th. Only reason it is getting three stars is for the dessert and the seaweed salad.  The rest of the Buffett was lacking choices. It also did not have crab legs at all. WTF?
(+). - pesto mash potatoes. - yorkshire pudding. - choc coveredd strawberry. - strawberry custart tart thing. - cappucino-y mousse in a cup. . (-). - price increase. - loooong wait. - slow ass register machine. - prime rib? (I think) way tooo bloody for me. . Hey whats up with this price increase? 31 bucks for brunch this time? whyyyy. And it took forever and a day waiting for my credit card to be processed, probably why the line was so damn long.. . Food was ok, I feel like the variety here isnt as good as I thought it was. You better be eating a lot or else 31 bucks for this buffet isn't the best deal. But for sure get the pesto mash potatoes yummm!!
After the advice of many, decided to come here around 3pm since the line can be up to an hour.  That way, you pay the lunch price but can still linger around for dinner food ;)  Well, the line took just 15 minutes, so we were stuck with the lunch stuff for 45 minutes, and that was not impressive at all.  I kid you not.  Think one level above Hometown Buffet.. . But then...the dinner stuff came out, and that was great.  Crab legs already cracked for you!  All the good sushi!. . The creme brulee alone was a reason for me to come back though.  I think it might possibly be the best dessert I have ever tasted.. . But that was it.  I was expecting so much more.  It's the BELLAGIO, you know?  And so many people rave about it on Yelp and other sites.  I wish I could give it a higher rating but I just can't.
I was slightly disappointed since a few people talked this place up to me. The meat cuts were very tasty (prime rib, yum) and I also loved the crab legs, but most of the other items didn't impress me. I thought the Spanish section was the best, but still it was just OK. This is the only buffet I've seen where they split the crab legs, and even though some people may prefer to crack it themselves, I liked that the meat was easily accessible. The desserts were quite good though, I especially enjoyed the panna cotta.
Been here for the lunch buffet a couple times.  I am not a brunch/buffet person so I just think any brunch or buffet is just so-so, no matter how pricey or great everyone else seems to think it is.  Something about all that food just sitting there and too many selections is overwhelming to me.  They definitely make bank on me-I struggle to pick at maybe 2 plates of picked at food.  The prime rib, corn chowder, and lox that was out  was actually pretty good. I did eat that! :)  The chinese food is terrible tho-don't even bother.
I'm reviewing from my recent experience eating here. We came here after watching O (GREAT SHOW) and once we entered, we chowed down. There was a pretty nice variety of food but overallthe food was just ok.. Since I LOVE desserts I tried all of their desserts which was not disappointing but again, nothing I would try more then once.
why does this place have that many stars? maybe i don't like buffets all that much because i dont want to eat my weights worth of food and try to only eat the really expensive crap. but the expensive crap is always the worst tasting crap at buffets. . . i don't want to pay $40+ if i'm going to get an over cooked and tough prime rib. and i don't want to go and eat slimy poke. nor do i want to have half cut crab legs that were either too salted as they were being cooked or somehow seasoned with... something... that makes it overly sweet. . . but it does have its perks. you get delicious desserts. their lox is actually pretty good. and their salad options are quite delicious. i enjoyed the pork wrapped in a bread like crust. and if you go at certain hours, its cheaper and no line. . . avoid the sushi. if you want good sushi, go to a sushi restaurant that has... good fish. . . if you think that this is the best buffet in las vegas, you have something wrong with your taste buds. sure, they have some good foods that are belly busters like the pastas and desserts... but if you want really good buffets, go off the strip a bit and go to the M. yes, i will write a review for there.
Food: Okay (the salmon and ribs were good; so were the desserts, everything else - so so). Price: $20/person for lunch. You can get better deals than this for lunch on the strip (for the quality of food). Service: Poor. The waiters were very nice, but the staff that seats you (at the front, were unpleasant)
I'm not sure if it was the really high expectations coming here, but I was slightly disappointed. Don't get me wrong, my meal was good. It just wasn't great. There is a lot of hype, and long lines to get in here. I had also been recommended by friends. I like the really wide selection of food, and it's a good price for a person who can eat a lot. I didn't think anything was outstanding, or worthy of major hype. Maybe I caught this place on an off-night? I have just had better meals in Las Vegas, and I thought the buffet at the Cosmopolitan was better. It definitely wasn't bad though, and if there were no long line, I would come back.
Definitely not the best Vegas has to offer. Everything is just so-so, but the bottomless mimosas are an intriguing option. The selection isn't as vast as Wynn, but considering the cheaper price, I guess that's acceptable.
at first the buffet looked beaUtiful.  of course it better BE for that price. the food was delecious.  baked chicken, pizza, and pasta yum.  i guess we got there very late because the dessert was drying up and tasted stale.  i don't think my husband and i had the correct stomachs for all the rich food, so we ended up getting sick.. . overall it was ok, the rio "carnival buffet"  was the best.  to bad we went our last day.  can't wait to go again!!!!!!
My friends and I had heard that The Buffet at Bellagio was awesome so we had to try it out.. . It was Sunday lunch/dinner when my friends and I came in. It was towards dinner time like around 4 when we decided to hit it up to eat lunch. No long wait in line so that is a plus.. . They had prime rib for the main course (though I was still full at the time from lunch) and mainly I ate crab legs to get more bang for my buck. Initially, I was kind of disappointed that the crab legs were cold but later I found out that I can ask to get it steamed. Quite variety of foods though I was not in the mood to eat cuz I was still full.. . Overall, main course and desserts was good. I thought Aria buffet was a little more upscale and more selections.
Checked this place out on a Sunday afternoon.. . Be prepared for a super, super long line - I think we waited for a whole hour as our stomachs growled.  On the bright side, I was surrounded by slot machines which gave me something to do.  On the down side again....I was robbed of $15 to the slot machines.. . After an eternal hungry long hour, we finally made it to the cashier line.  $25ish bucks for Sunday brunch and unlimited champagne is an additional $5.  I opted for the champagne as drinking mimosas while stuffing ones face sounded like a pretty good plan.  . . We were quite relieved to finally get inside and be seated.  From a visual standpoint, I somewhat expected a fancier buffet being that it was the Bellagio, but everything was pretty standard.  I cruised through - checking to see what goodies were up for grabs.  . . I saw:  prime rib, pizza, pasta, cocktail shrimp, around 4 selections of sushi, different variety of potatoes,  fish (no idea what kind since I don't fancy fish), spring rolls, miso soup, ham, turkey, Belgium waffles, scrambled eggs, cereal, oatmeal, etc.  Desserts included chocolate eclairs, flan, cheesecake, tarts, cookies, etc.    Overall the food quality was good+.  However; I had a hard time finding stuff that I actually wanted to eat.. . The sushi selection was really boring and quality was OK.  If you're a sushi lover, you'll probably be disappointed with their brunch selection.  . . We got in around 2 and ended up still being there by the time dinner rolled around (4pm).  Since we were too full, we couldn't take advantage of the dinner items.  It's probably a good strategy to come in late to pay the lunch rate to get the dinner selection.. . Overall, this place was OK.  While the quality was good+, I couldn't find foods that just wooed me.  I had to circle the buffet several times in order to fill my empty plate.
this is a pretty popular buffet. everybody knows this buffet at vegas~ i went there on saturday...we try to get in be4 4pm, so we can pay lunch price but have dinner food~ the food was not bad, but nothing surprise. the king crab legs were toooo salty, the snow crab legs are better. desserts are not bad. Wynn has better dessert, but bellagio has more choices on food. sushi at bellagio were suck! looks like the sushi u make at home. i think with that price, i rather have buffet in bay area~ haha!!!! . i love wicked spoon more~ go for their brunch buffet! you will love it. hoho....
We came here for dinner: ~$40 / person.. . Good:. + Service: The waitress that I assume was in charge of the area I was in was super fast with drinks! She never had to be reminded/asked for refills. I just turned around and my cup was full.  It was magical.. + Food: TONS of variety! Each section was pretty huge (i.e. meats, Asian foods, desserts, etc.). Satisfactory taste. . + Atmosphere: Bright, plenty of seating areas.. . Bad:. - Service: I stepped on and tripped over food that had fallen on the ground about 3 times. Yuck. Clean up on aisle-everywhere, please. Also, for a crazy amount of workers here, the time waiting in line was too long. Not worth it.. - Price: Pretty pricey for a just-ok experience. . - Food: For the price we paid, my experience here was ok. There was a lot to choose from, but most ofthe things I ate were only ok. For the price we paid, I was hoping to be wowed!. - Atmosphere: Decor had a 90's feel. They need to update. Also, everything feels so crammed together--I was literally dodging people everywhere I went. Women's bathroom only had 3 stalls too, I believe.  Too small for a buffet, in my opinion.. . I wouldn't recommend this place unless you're lazy to go elsewhere, or you're more of a "quantity over quality" type of person.
Okay, it's Vegas. How can I pass up their buffets?. . For lunch on a weekend, it was about $25 but because I went with a group of 11 people, they automatically added gratuity. . . At this buffet, they either have Brunch or Dinner. And we came right before  Brunch ended so we got both Brunch and Dinner!! Honestly, the hotel is pretty sweet. But I wasn't that much a fan with their buffet. The only things I really did enjoy was the prime rib and their crab legs. However, with the crab legs, they never put enough out at a time so, sometimes there was a line and sometimes there wasn't. I think they might have been remodeling something in their buffet though, 'cause there seemed to be a lot of white walls up and certain areas of the hotel and casino floors still had stores that weren't open yet. It was alright for the price, I felt a bit gipped - but hey, it's Vegas.
We went around lunch time on a Saturday, but I didn't think this buffet was all that great.  There was nothing wrong with the food, but there was also nothing spectacular.  I far prefer the Rio which has multiple international stations and a ton of desserts.  I'm not sure this buffet would be worth the long line
Solid 3.5 stars. . We came here for lunch on Friday around 1pm and waited about 20 minutes. The service was decent, considering it was a buffet. . . Hmm, I wasn't very impressed with the meat station. Everything was just "okay." . . The desserts were also "alright.". . I think the only thing that was memorable and worth mentioning was their pasta. I don't know if it is just me, but I feel like Vegas buffets have downgraded.
Everything you would expect. We only waited 40 mins. Wouldn't wait more than an hour, even with unlimited champagne. Solid for buffet. However breakfast doesn't have crab legs...just in case you wanted some. You have to wait for dinner
Was here 12/8/11 the woman who made the omlets was sweet Olympia she was making good tips too, deserved it! Had a crab omelet she recommended the lump crab meat, they dnt have much of a dessert selection and the food in my opinion was just ok my boyfriend said the chorizo sausage burrito was the.  Business I think all buffets in Vegas r the same this buffet and the wicked spoon was just ok the wicked spoon did provide a better dessert section though
maybe its good if i never went to the buffet at Wynn
This was my first Las Vegas buffet, and I was expecting to be wowed. However, I was not. I think I was expecting more artful presentation and exotic flavors; I got some good flavors and generic presentation. The food was good, not great, and their vegetarian options are dull.. Perhaps my opinions will change after I've experienced a few more buffets.
After reading the other reviews, I was prepared to love the Bellagio Buffet.  Having just left there though, I must admit I'm pretty disappointed. . . We arrived at 2pm on a Thursday and the line reached the telephones outside the restaurant.  It moved pretty steadily though, and my party of 4 was seated in 40 minutes.  In general, the service was pretty sloppy.  There were times when up to 6 dirty plates were piled up on our table and aside from iced tea, which they filled pretty regularly, I had to flag someone down to get another drink.. . From the carving stations, I tried the flank steak, kobe, prime rib, chicken, and ribs.  The flank was marinated wonderfully and the ribs were awesome, but everything else was pretty meh, either over or undercooked.. . The shrimp were plentiful and tasty, plus come pre-shelled.  The crab legs didn't come out until dinner and the line to get them was maybe 15 deep at first, but died down after about half an hour.  Tonight had both snow and king.  I didn't appreciate the fact that they're cut in half as much as I expected - you usually can't pull the meat out in one piece because there's a layer of cartilage in the middle.  Also, they didn't do a very good job defrosting them since most of my legs still had chunks of ice in them, but you can ask someone behind the counter to heat them up for you.. . The lunch sushi options are pretty bare, but sashimi comes out at dinnertime.  Although I've seen ads of the buffet having dim sum, they only had BBQ pork buns.  I think there were four types of pasta and all but one was vegetarian.  The tortellini was really good.  I was also a fan of the pesto mashed potatoes.. . The salad bar had a few premade salads, my favorite being the spinach and bacon one.  During lunch it had a bunch of deli meats and cheese, but they were taken away for dinner.  The mozzarella balls are a must-try!. . The dessert station had about 30 options, all beautifully made and each approximately two-bite-size.  About 20 of them were little tarts or cakes, and then there was bread pudding, brownies, and cookies.  I saw three sugar-free options.  I probably shared about 10 desserts with my mom.  Everything was pretty good, but my favorites were the cheesecake, creme brulee, and key lime tart.  My sister was a huge fan of the fruit tarts and ate about six.. . All in all, I felt like I got my $19.99 worth for lunch, but I don't know if it's worth the $29.99 for dinner.  However, given that it's generally ranked one of the top three buffets in Vegas, I feel like it's a bit overrated.  I had a much better experience at Le Village Buffet across the street at Paris Las Vegas when I came here a few years ago.
average quality buffet. long waiting line. Well priced ($20 each for brunch) but not worth the waiting time.
It wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be(waited over an hour), but definitely got me really full! :) But I think it's because we went for lunch instead of dinner. We got lunch at $19.95.. . FOOD: I liked their sushi bar only because the had some really good seaweed salad. I mean AYCE and the mixture was perfect between the sauce and the seaweed itself, and it was refreshing with the roast turkey that was being served. The sushi themselves were a bit too sour for my liking, too much vinegar with the rice, and the rice was too soggy. I also really liked the roast beef/turkey area where the chefs cut you slices of the meat, they were tender with a lot of juice and flavor- loved it with gravy! They had a whole chunk of area for the cocktail shrimp, the shrimps were crunchy and fresh to my taste, but their cocktail sauce was a little weird for me. There was a very powerful ginger flavor to it that I didn't like about. Bleh! But they had a redeeming potato section where they had about three types of baked/mashed potatoes. They were definitely good, the skin was lightly salted so it gave it great contrast to the natural potato flavor. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=r5mN0kL69yd5vkRNlQ9UWw Now they also have these really cute hamburger selections (turkey & beef), I opted for the beef cheeseburger and was plenty pleased that it was delicious with what seems to be medium done patties (little bit red in the center). http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=AHt4iAMft6EK2y5QBhmsQQ. . They had a large selection of desserts, but I'm more of a fruits (they had very fresh fruits!) person because of the lemon tarts, strawberry tarts, and Tiramisu, chocolate cakes, brownies, etc. I only liked the strawberry tarts that they provided. The crust and large strawberry on top was perfect. Sweet and tart on top with a bready bottom~ MMM! Never liked that coffee-ish flavor so the tiramisu wasn't for me, but the center was very soft and fluffy. The lemon tart was a little strange, not much lemon- just straight sourness. The flavor was unbalanced and weird. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ujHiaprwCQ5ewziu0Vi9rw?select=kxoQxnhqhHUi_pTEBC4pig. . SERVICE: Not much to say since our waiter was only here to get us drinks (once) and get our plates when we weren't at the table. But he was friendly and very open to giving suggestions on what's good.. . Lunch here at the Bellagio isn't what I expected, I can't wait to come back and try their dinner as it seems and sounds remarkable! :)
We went at 4p to avoid a line, but still waited 90 mins.  The price was $45 per person.  We were under whelmed.  A good $30 buffet, but def not worth the $45.
We went to this buffet during the "holidays" so we were obliged to go for the brunch. Price with tip is about 40$ each person.. The prime ribs are amazing, service is good too, quick refills, plates changed frequently. Yet considering the Bellagio "classy" environment, the buffet quite mismatched, with the feeling of a mall food court.. Most of the offer was breakfast dishes, eggs, croissants, bread, ecc. Beside the prime ribs the valuables were smoked salmon and some swordfish. Sushi could be considered vegetarian given the almost absence of fish in it.. Good, yes. Maybe not worth 40$ and the fame it has..
Because there are abagillion reviews I am going to quickly summarize each section of the buffet I got to experience on a Friday night 2 hours before closing time. . . Service: attentive and friendly. Meats: high quality meats with generous cuts everything from the lamb to prime rib was delicious. Salad bar: disappointing, not really a great or exciting selection. Soups: nothing special either. Pasta: even though there were only 4 different pasta dishes, they were surprisingly fantastic, I loved the ravioli here. . Sushi: disappointing as well, there were only a few rolls and none of them were something you couldn't get at a grocery store. The taste was there though for what they had.. Asian: the red curry chicken was bland, the peanut noodles were good but dry and the dumplings fell apart before my first bite. I did however really enjoy the pork BBQ steamed buns they had, they were dim sum worthy! . Southern: the BBQ ribs were a little dry as well and the mac and cheese was horrible!. Dessert: Even though there wasn't a large selection, everything I had tasted amazing. . . Worth the $40 a person? Considering it's Vegas and you get to eat until your pants want to explode, I would say so!
I finally came to this place and actually just finished eating dinner with my gf. I honestly expected way more than this. When we arrived during dinner around 4:20pm, the line was pretty damn long and we waited for at least 35 mins just to get in the front. I was excited and thought this was gonna be legit but I thought wrong. . . Everything here got repetitive. I mean the food was decent and they had somewhat a good amount of variety but there were errors in a lot of their dishes. Their fresh crab legs were salty, smoked fish was way to dry, and everything else...well...boring.. . I think the Wynn buffet is much better and much more luxurious than this.
I thought that this was one of the better buffets in Vegas but after eating at the M Hotel, I had to mark it down. The wait was about an hour an the food was decent. There wasn't as much variety but I heard the prime rib was delicious (fyi: I don't eat beef). Everything was fresh though even the salmon. . Service was ok but not great...
It's just another buffet in the city. It has long lines, the same food as any other MGM property and there's nothing that really makes it stand out. The quality of the food is decent, but they didn't replenish it as often as people were eating it.
Came here for the dinner buffet, and the lines to pay for the buffet was pretty long, but it wasn't too bad.  For around $35 per person, it was an okay buffet. . . I got a bit of everything and everything was okay. The steak is usually thinly sliced, but I'm guessing the guy who has to cut it got tired of it and started cutting thick chunks for people when they started asking for 2 slices of it at a time, haha I didn't finish the steak and went for a bit of everything to try it.  My favorite would be the crab. Gotta get messy for the good stuff. I also recall liking some of the pasta too. The desserts were just meh. They look good, but don't let their appearance fool you, because I took a bite of everything and it was either just BLEH, or I spat it back out. haha. The only good dessert was the creme brule, Ate a few of those and snuck a few with me on my way out :P. . Overall a decent buffet, but I hear there are far better ones in Vegas.
Err, I think we went on the wrong day. Where was my king crab? That's why it was only $25/person for lunch on Saturday. I could've sworn they had king crab on weekends, bah.. . So with that out of the way, I think the next leading item here for lunch was prime rib, and that was very tasty. Most of the other items ranged from average to good, but not much else was spectacular. I've heard that this buffet has gone downhill in recent years, but I have no basis for comparison.
THE LOW DOWN. . + $25 per person for LUNCH. + Expect a LONG LINE, but it moves (somewhat). . THE FOOD. .  + Scrambled Eggs: Delicious! Some of the best I've ever had!.  + Bacon: Crispy! Definitely get this!.  + Oatmeal with Quality Toppings: Really good!.  + Prime Rib: Pretty decent, juicy.  + Spicy Tuna Hand Roll: decent and fresh.  + Spring Roll: this is nothing like a Vietnamese spring roll, its loaded with hodgepodge vegetables and taste quite bland.  + Ice Cream: decent, little watery .  + Won Ton Soup: decent, broth had some flavor, shrimp filling inside won ton.  + Fried Rice: semi-decent, little bland.  + Chow Mein: semi-decent.  + Fresh Salmon: decent.  + Bread Pudding: quite good, moist and soft.  + Turkey: decent, wasn't as moist as I would like it.  + Cranberry: good.  + Waffle: had a funky chocolate after taste!, not that soft either.  + Seaweed Salad: good.  + California Roll: decent.  + Calamari: decent.  + Watermelon: not that fresh.  + Honeydew: decent.  + Cantaloupe: decent.  + Orange Juice: decent. . THE SERVICE. .  + Server was friendly, courteous, and attentive. . THE ATMOSPHERE. .  + Clean .  + Not too much traffic around the buffet stations, manageable to get in and out. . Overall, a 3.5.  I would not mind coming back if I want a decent breakfast with some dinner selections.
This is a great buffet but it is quite pricy.
I guess it was kinda our fault that we got there around 9:30 pm on a Friday night and they closed at 10:00pm (they take food back at 10:30) which meant that food was not going to be good and it wasn't. However, I did like their selection and the unique dishes that were offered. Prime ribs would have been great if it was fresh and hot.  Asian Food selection looked really smushy and gross. Italian section looked decent with their variety of pasta and pizza. Sushi was really really fresh which was very surprising! Don't judge me but the only thing I found exciting was the Shrimp Ceasar Salad and the selection of desserts. I'm pretty disappointed of myself that we came here late and spent $40 a person for cold food. Service was good. Our plates were gone by the time we came back. Maybe the next time will be better. So be warned, unless you're really really really hungry and there is no other choice but the buffet at Bellagio, don't waste your money coming after 9pm!
For about $25 per person, this place is JUST okay! You pretty much get what you pay for! . . Went here on a weekend and it was busy to the point where the line was wrapped around the corner! The line was a little discouraging at first but it moved pretty fast! Waited in line for approximately 45 minutes! They have a good selection of food here: American, Thai, Japanese, Vietnamese, and etc.... . . Don't miss out on the sushi bar and their spicy ahi tuna! Some of their Asian dishes were good, like the chicken curry, but I wasn't impressed with their version of Vietnamese spring rolls. It wasn't fresh, and it looked like they just wrapped whatever they had! . . I think I will skip this place next time I go to Vegas and will stick to the Wynn buffet.....
So...when you see the huge line form for this buffet, you are definitely intrigued. . . I ended up trying the buffet at 10:30 on a Sunday so we had their brunch buffet.  I was a little disappointed when I found out the sushi part wasn't going to start until 12 but oh well.  . . At almost 30 bucks a person there is definitely variety: eggs benedict, various salads, muffins, donuts, french toast, personal omelets, ice-cream, eggs, stir fry, etc! . . Servers come around and ensure you have enough to drink: coffee, soda, water so make sure to tip!  . . Now the food quality isn't bad.  I mean it's buffet food, you can't expect gourmet and individual dining but it wasn't spectacular.  Most of the seasonings are bland (to cater to the masses) but coming to this buffet is almost a must if you come to Vegas. . . Just try to leave this place without a protruding gut.
Brunch Buffet was good, line was long but it wasn't a long wait. I had high expectations. There is so much food to choose from, definitely bring  your appetite. Fresh fruit, fresh pastries,  and made to order omelette's. Pancakes were freshly made on the spot as well. A lot of fresh meats and a lot of yummy sides. It's hard to decide if you really want breakfast lunch or some dinner items. Overall I definitely recommend it.
came here for breakfast during a girls weekend trip to vegas. for the price $26, the value to food and quality of food was really good. there was 8 of us. i'm not big on buffets  as i always get yelled at my friends that i eat like a hobo, not eating the expensive stuff and eating the cheap sides and salads... OH WELL! that's what i like to eat! I am the queen of sides! lol.  anywho... from the things i ate here is the list of things i liked the most:. 1. pesto mashed potatoes,  basil +pine nuts + oil oil + potatoes UBER Yum!!! i ate like 4 servings of this. 2. eggs benedict. . 3. prime rib with the aju and horse radish sauces- so JUICY! . 4. Cesar salad. . 5. Pizza, the one with shrimp and spinach. 6. smoked salmon
I had high hope for the Bellagio Buffet since it was the "Bellagio" and for the price we paid.-. The dinner time starts @4p which on Sundays the price is $29.99.  So we got in line and hoping it wasn't too long of a wait cuz we were hoping to pay for the lunch price which was $5 less. ....and so we did!  The downfall to what he had to pay is if there is a party of 8 + means you are automatically charged 18% gratuity.  (To my opinion gratuity is earned and not to be expected but that's another subject). . The ambiance was quite disappointing for me...the place looked dated and reallyneeds an update.  It had a lot of dark colors and just looked dreary.  . . So I make my rounds and look around first to see what they had.  When I go to a buffet...I like to just take maybe half a spoon of something that I am interested in just to taste it and not waste it if it's yuk.  I started off with the prime rib and had them grill it a bit since it looked like it was still alive.  The aujus was very runny and the prime rib was very chewy.  Quite disappointing to me.  The taste...the taste is what you expect it to be.  But definitely not "melt in your mouth" as one yelper exclaimed.. The seaweed salad was good but how can you mess that up.  Sushi...ehh...and not much selection as far as sushi goes.  Calamari was like eating white fat rubber bands like the ones that holds the broccoli together at your grocery store. --lol.  Roasted potato was ok. . . They were in the midst of changing the food selection to dinner foods which what we were all waiting for.  The next plate was mostly crab legs.  Too frozen and already split in half which I would rather open up myself and be able to enjoy a whole piece out of the leg.  The pastas were good.  Nothing spectacular and the Chinese Pork bun was good. . . Desserts was nothing to be amazed by.  Flan was flan...the desserts in the shot glasses- panna cotta, some mousse coffee thing, -was kinda runny but good.  The carrot cake was moist and the coffee was your average tasting coffee.  . . Our server....no it was not his fault but come on...if you know you are getting almost $5 each from us from the 'mandatory' gratuity...I would expect our drinks to be constantly filled and NO- there was not any real steak knives to cut the prime rib.  We were expected to cut the meat with our generic knives that came with the table.  -and yes I asked the server for a real steak knife and he looked at me like I asked for something personal.  Geez.. . Even the hot tea (I always ask for that with my meal)--I did not get a lemon nor honey with my tea.  . . Would I go here again?  NO. Would I recommend the place to others?  ONLY TO EXPERIENCE THE "BELLAGIO BUFFET" ITSELF.. . So far my favorite right now is The M Resort Studio B Buffet.  Yes they have raised the price...but I would say the overall experience at the M is worth it.  . . I am paying a lot of moneynot  to eat everything in sight and have to roll me out of there....I am paying a lot of money for quality and taste of the food, the attentiveness of my server who deserves a nice tip and the ambiance of the place.
I'd give it a 3.5 if i could....not 100% over the top, but definitely one of the better buffets I've ever been too.  Plus i'm pleased we cheated the system and ate dinner for the price of lunch!. . If you're planning on eating here, get in line around 315/330p so that you've paid before the dinner prices kick in at 4p.  You'll be glad you did.  Not only will you have saved $$ that you can now lose later at the tables, but you'll get a taste of lunch and their fabulous dinner!. . The array of food is absolutely insane.  I filled my plates and took of a few bites of each thing and shared the rest with friends at the table.  The prime rib, beef wellington, and lamb will melt in your mouth!  The sushi is decent buffet sushi, and the spicy tuna and salmon poke is delish!  The crab and shrimp were disappointing.  Both on ice and water logged especially since the crab legs were already split; however, you can take the crab legs over to the Asian Station and they'll steam them up.  I didn't take the time to do it, but that just sounds better!  The pesto mashed potatoes, sweet potatoes, asparagus, mushrooms, etc were all very flavorful.  AND of course, i'm so glad i passed up all the sweet treats throughout the trip and saved it for the buffet because they were YUMMMMMMMMMMY!!!!!! I highly recommend the little chocolate dome, the pecan tart, and the lemon meringue (as long as you like it tart!).    . . Late lunch, early dinner...saves you money, a long wait in line, and gives you time for food to digest.
We definitely beat the system and got in line just before the increase in price for dinner kicked in .... I'm so glad we did because I personally did not think it would have been worth the $40-some dollars.  Maybe I'm just pickier than most but I would much rather get a delicious meal that I chose and was individually cooked rather than huge platters cooked and left in a buffet line (I was outnumbered doing a buffet haha so don't hold me to the "why did you go then?").  I was extremely disappointed by the crab legs, which were all split and put on ice ahead of time so they were frozen and water-logged.  The meat was okay (except the Kobe beef, which was inedible) .... I definitely enjoyed the fresh fruit and desserts the most, which is a shame when you pay so much.
I was expecting great things of this buffet, it's apparently one of the best in Vegas. We stood in while for 20 minutes before they relieved us of a suitable amount of money and we were shown to our table. Our waitress had a little bit of an attitude issue as she refused to get our drinks order until we were all at the table. God forbid she'd have to make two trips to our table with drinks!. . The selection in my opinion was poor and nothing like what I was expecting. All of the food was actually pretty uninspiring, nothing really springs to mind as exceptional. Average and not worth the money.. . As we felt the service was poor we didn't leave a tip, however our waitress reminded us we should leave a tip. Very cheeky.
i came for breakfast on a sunday around 10:30am and the wait was not even 10 minutes.  i was pleasantly surprised that the breakfast buffet was only around $16/person and since i wanted to fill my tummy with lots of variety and healthy food to make up for the damage i had already done and was planning on doing, i tried to stay away from the carbs.. . i had a good amount of fruit, oatmeal, sausage, canadian bacon, scrambled eggs, apple cinnamon crepes, japanese seaweed salad, shrimp cocktail, and dessert.  by the time i got to try some of the dessert that was coming out for lunch, i was so full that i didn't get to thoroughly enjoy my treat.  so my favorite was the apple cinnamon crepe.  everything else was what you would expect for breakfast - not overly or under seasoned, nothing too out of the ordinary.  it was just good food to fill your belly for the day.. . other food options that i noticed included omelettes, a mexican station, a variety of pizza, chinese congee (!) and other chinese choices, sushi, seaweed salad, cold cuts, assorted cheese, hummus, cereal, salads, sorbet, mini pancakes, mini belgian waffles, and a full bar.  . . the buffets that i've been to on the east coast usually charge you extra for drinks (coffee, juice, etc.), but not at the bellagio.  the only extra we paid for was for the mimosa.
Not as good as the Rio buffet, but it's worth going to! Sometimes the line is way too long and we end up going somewhere else... It's not worth a 2 hour wait (no buffet is) it is a little pricy compared to other buffets and there is no local discount  so keep that in mind as there are plenty of places that love local business.
I had made a point to visit all the casino buffets that had decent reviews, and this was the last one.  We got in line around 3:15 on Sunday, and finally got seated around 3:40, just in time for the end of Brunch.  The food was decent, I really love the prime rib, turkey, one of the pastas, and pizzas, but the rest of it was pretty mediocre.
First ate here March 2011 and I loved it so much that I really have to go back this year. Unfortunately, for some reason it didn't satisfy me anymore. They have a huge selection of food which was good and the server was very attentive even if there was a lot of guests to serve drinks. . . Like all the other buffets, the line here looked horrible but don't worry because unlike the others, the line here was moving fast. . . There are a lot of buffets in Vegas that I have yet to try so I'll be skipping this next year.
For almost a $40 dinner, I expected some amazing food. Instead, I got a huge line for the seafood section, limited options, and a tiny desert section. The prime rib was tough (I even asked for a steak knife (which they didn't have) because I couldn't cut through with their dull butter knives), crab legs were pre-cut, and the deserts were disappointing. . . What's with the long line for this place? Definitely not worth it.
Champagne Brunch Buffet: NOT AS GOOD AS THE MIRAGE DON'T DO IT.. The Mirage buffet Cravings is much better than this buffet and is the same price. There is nothing wrong with this buffet. It has the standard large selection and freshness one can expect from the higher end Vegas buffets. . . But my opinion is go to the Mirage buffet instead.
With all the hype, we came expecting good quality food. There was plenty of food but quality was all average. Nothing stood out but I enjoyed the creme brulee only. I am trying to to see if there is any memorable dish but there was NONE.  I will not recommend this place.
$50.00 per person to eat here. I was hesitant at first and was like WHY NOT, I AM IN VEGAS. There isn't much to choose from the buffet but it was pretty good. I thought that crabs were super salty and I wished they have more of a dessert selection to choose from. The buffet overall was ALRIGHT. Not the best, I still prefer the World's buffet over this. At least they have FRIED CHICKEN which was something that I absolutely craved while in the Bellagio's buffet. Also, they have NO RESTROOMS there! What the heck is that?
Fortunately, we missed the Easter brunch crowd by arriving early otherwise an hour wait at least.. . The $5.00 extra for champagne is good value and recommended vs. buying drinks individually.. . A nice selection of fresh fruit and I enjoyed the creamed herring, smoked salmon, shrimp and crab legs. Other offerings were fairly routine for an Easter Brunch but no complaints and service was attentive.
I was very hyped up about this place. I heard great things. Besides that, it's in the Bellagio so it has to be great. I will say it was good, but not great. Food was okay, selection was okay, but I must say, I expected more.
i went on a monday when there were not too many people for lunch. the price is decent, only $20. now the buffets are expensive in vegas. we got seated right away. the food is good and has a wide variety of selections. the service was prompt on the drinks and taking the used plates. they allow people to dine for 2 hours which is more than enough i think but i guess some people go for lunch and dinner to be cheap. overall a nice place to go for a variety of food if you dont want to just order and eat one thing.
Beware the buffet line is extremely long. We started waiting at 9:30ish (after watching the fountain show!) and finally entered the food realm an hour later. It was on a typical Tuesday. At 10, the lady who works there announced: "Food will be taken away at ten thirty. There is no refund. Again, NO refund." The buffet closes at 11.. . . Iono if it was the long wait or the condescending tone... my friend and I vowed to eat everything in sight. At 10:28, we (2 girls) finally sat down and had 8 plates of food on our table. I could sense server ladies smiling and three Chinese girls taking pics and snickering. I bet those are on somewhere on fb lol. We didn't care. We just digged in. We never finished.. felt bad we wasted so much food but oh well they were gonna throw em away anyways... . The food was just normal buffet. Maybe we had too much high hope? Thought Bellagio Buffet would be much more. Dessert was awesome tho :)
Id give this 3 1/2 stars if it werent for the LONG lines and bitchy service staff. The price was fair and the quality and selection was pretty good. Waited 30 minutes in line at 1:30pm on a Monday for lunch. Tried to go to dinner at 6pm the night before but the line was out into the casino and although we didnt wait prob would have been at least 90 minutes or longer. . At one point I went to scoop some gravy onto my plate but the only spoon in the gravy was slotted;/ so I borrowed the sppon next to it (which was not in gravy) and the man behind the sneeze glass came unglued!!! LOL he shouted "why you not ask me for different spoon? Now its all contaminated and I cannot serve!!!!" I apologized but suggested he wasnt standing there when I needed the spoon and its silly to put a slotted spoon in gravy but he wasnt listening and didnt care as he was too busy acting like an overdramatic little bitch. . Salad was great, rotisserie chicken was great......decent prices for B, L & D (approx $15, $20, and $30). Be prepared to eat off schedule meals or wait in a long line.
This was good not great. If you are going to a buffet I suggest the Cosmopolitan.
It has been a few years since I ate at the Bellagio buffet but I recently came back here to eat and was surprised at how the quality of the food seemed to have diminished from my prior visits here a few years ago.  I used to always make a point to make this my favorite buffet spot and visit every Vegas trip but after this last trip when the food was just "ok" and expensive, I think I am going to try other buffets instead.  This buffet is not as good as the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmopolitan hotel.
Meh.  We waited in line for about an hour for a pretty average Vegas buffet, despite its inclusion on most "Best of" lists for the category.  Nothing was particularly special or delicious, the selection wasn't outrageous, and they weren't able to keep up with demand on many items, causing long lines.  Our server couldn't be bothered to check on us more often than every twenty minutes or so, and dirty dishes piled up on our table frequently.  The decor was nothing special.  And to top it all off, this was supposed to be a more special menu offering than normal; they were charging $100 for two, since they stretched "Mother's Day" pricing out over three days.  Really a disappointment.  I don't know if this used to be good, but it's extremely average now, even at the "normal" $30 price point for dinner.  With all the options in Vegas, Buffet and otherwise, I won't be back.
This place generates hype from some people..I don't know why. It's not bad but it's not great. Definitely better than the MGM resorts buffets but not the best out there. I guess for breakfast it was worth the try. I might have to try their dinner though..but I don't know because meals in Vegas are meaningful to me.
I remember coming to the Buffet at the Bellagio several years ago for Sunday Champagne Brunch and being blown away.   It was one of the best brunches I had ever eaten.  Alas, my most recent trip did not make nearly as stellar an impression.  I brought my mother here for her birthday dinner last month, wanting to share with her the wondrous buffet I remembered.  . . Well, we got off to a bad start.  My son fell asleep in the car on the way over (he's five and had been in the pool all day) and I carried him into the restaurant.  At the register, I discovered that there was no children's price and that I would be paying more than $30 to enter with my sleeping child.  Because it was mom's birthday, I went with it, but I was annoyed.  No child is going to eat $30 worth of buffet food. They want the pizza and dessert and not much else.  Of course he didn't want to wake up at all and refused to eat much of anything, so I paid for him to sit there and be cranky.  My bad.. . As for the adult meals, the food was fine.  I had prime rib, which was only OK, but the mashed potatoes were awesome.  My mother had the crab legs which she loved.  We must have sampled every dessert they served and each one was better than the last.  The waitress was kind of lazy and had to be waved down to refill our water.  . . Really the food was pretty good, so maybe it is just my son's behavior that's coloring my opinion on our meal,  but I just can't help but feel like we over paid.  There was nothing remarkable offered.  The service was iffy, the food was unexceptional.  Well, dessert was pretty great, but I don't need to pay almost $100 for my family to eat dessert.  I'm just not feeling the love for this place this time.
Short and simple, this buffet was decent, but didnt live up to the hype, and seemed like just your average buffet.  The food variety was decent, but quality was lack-luster, the only thing I really liked was the prime rib and the plethora of desserts.
Got into Vegas on a Sunday afternoon. After getting all checked in we decided to head on over here for their Sunday brunch. Pricing was good plus we got the unlimited mimosas. We arrived around 340 and there was no line. Brunch pricing runs until 4. At 4 the buffet switches to dinner and the crab legs come out. The food here was decent. Nothing spectacular. Their prime rib was good. The crab legs were ok. Nothing special there. Was too impatient to go and get them steamed somewhere else, although that would have made them better. The highlight of this brunch definitely would be the unlimited mimosas. It was a great way to start a mini vacation in Vegas. Plus they were not stingy on the champage to OJ ratio. Even though the brunch ends at 4, they will keep filling the glasses until 5!
Tried the weekday dinner buffet. Had an hour long wait. But not at all worth that wait. The buffet is priced $33 (w/taxes) and the sushi was definitely amazing. But rest of the stuff was just ok. Not a big deal to talk about. I guess I expected much more from Bellagio (esp after reading the reviews here!)
I mean, C'MON, it's the Bellagio! Had to come and just check it out. If you are a fan of Buffets, then you have to try this one. Seafood is good, I liked how the crab legs weren't over salted like most places. Overall, it was a good experience, even though I am not too big on buffets =)
When my boyfriend arrived in Vegas, we met up with our friends Audrey and Carlos around 1 PM excited to feast! The line was stupid long-- thank goodness I had my co-workers platinum gambler's card. We didn't have to wait in line! . . I suggest going really early like 10 AM or smack in the middle of the day at 3PM.. . We paid $45 for 2 people for lunch which is really a good deal in comparison to other buffets.. . Unfortunately, this is not one of my favorite places. It's not terrible, but there aren't many dishes I remember really enjoying.. . I found myself making circles around the buffet to try to pick something I'd like to eat because not that many items seemed appetizing.. . The items I enjoyed most were the marinara pasta (I like plain pasta), fried chicken, and the meat.. . Sushi was not good.. . Another bad thing I noticed was that the food wasn't really hot. Especially the meat, sometimes it was actually cold. . . As for dessert, I enjoyed the napoleon which is a 3 layer puff pastry with custard in the middle. I don't see many buffets them. . . Overall, service was fine, food was OK, but nothing spectacular.. . If you think this is the best buffet, you haven't tried the Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. It's $63 for 2 people, but worth every penny. I definitely suggest trying Wicked Spoon before claiming this place the best buffet spot.
Sunday brunch was $31 (including tax and 18% tip because I came with a party of 7), and the main reason we came was for the prime rib. It's really depends on what cut you get; my friend had part of the middle which was dry, but the BF had the side which was super flavorful and moist. He even got a little bit of fat which made it that much better. . . The other plus from the meal was the omelet station. We went for an egg white only omelet that was exceptionally good; I regret not getting a second. Other than that, nothing particularly stood out. I liked the broccolini, caesar salad, the glazed carrots, and the dessert (caramel flan). The french toast was really dry and the fish was overcooked. I do like the fact that there is a lot to choose from, and our server was very attentive which made the experience (slightly) better.
Great buffet!. . 3 stars. . . For the money prefer the WYNN by a landslide, I have been spoiled there.. . The omelet was great even had an option for shrimp and crab.. . Most of the stuff I got sat out too long and was not tasty. . . The KOBE - Giant portion is given, I was not asked how I wanted it cooked. It was way too rare I couldn't cut it with my knife it was like rubber. The cooked ends that I was able to cut and eat were very good. I can't imagine how much they waste.. . Many good plates I'll have to come back.. . OH the orange juice was exquisite.
Review is for Sunday Brunch.. . Wait in line: approx 1 hour, when we arrived at 1130am. We started about 40 feet behind the restrooms. The line was moving much faster in the casino portion, but started moving VERY slow once we approached the register, probably because less people were getting impatient and leaving - and the VIP people started to come because it was lunch time.. . Once seated---. . Ambiance: cafeteria style. A bit crowded, lots of families, and sometimes need to weave in and out of people to gt to the food (esp. the prime rib).. . Drinks: Extra $6 for the champagne part of the brunch is a good deal, although th champagne is fairly low quality and my husband felt pretty ill afterwards.. . Service: nice, pleasant, quick, and didn't feel rushed to leave.. . Food: There's a lot, so I'll have to break this up. I'll first list what there is, then my personal comments at the bottom.. . Salad bar: small make it yourself salad bar with toppings, spinach, etc. Obviously no line here!. . Brunch: hazelnut french toast, regular french toast (just OK), buttermilk pancakes, omelette station, and the usual cream of wheat, oatmeal (mushy), cereal & granola, muesli (premade small bowls), blintzes, sausage, scrambled eggs, bacon, cottage cheese, plain yogurt, melon and strawberries, and toppings of sliced almonds, brown sugar, cinnamon, thompson and golden raisins. Some breakfast baked goods in the dessert area: bran muffins, blueberry muffins, danishes, croissants.... Altogether: OK. . Lunch:. Prime rib: hit or miss. The first one was magniticent, juicy and medium rare. The subsequent slices looked like roast beef. Tough and chewy. Weird. Pesto mashed potatoes, creamed sweet potatoes, were just OK.. . Seafood: lots of seafood based salads. No king crab legs at brunch. boo!!. . Asian: handrolls of vegetarian sushi, California rolls, tuna rolls, plus wakame salad, cucumber salad, noodles. Also gai lan, fried rice, noodles, steamed rice... Overall, OK. Not memorable.. . Italian: vegetarian tomato-based penne (bleh), 6 different pizzas, -- not bad. Tasted fresh.. . Salads: golden cous cous salad and Caesar. Slim pickings. Also a deli sliced cheese bar that I think was supposed to be a charcuterie. . . Dessert!!. Frozen sorbet and ice cream soft serve, bread pudding, coffee tiramisu, chocolate vanilla bomb, chocolate eclair, chocolate fudge brownie (a brick), caramel flan.. . OK, MY Comments:. . Unique:. 1. Vegan: there's actually sorbet and some other offerings, since it's brunch, but pickings are slim. You're better off at Red Velvet Cafe that touts vegan organic healthy food and not going to a buffet.. 2. Vegetarian: lots and lots, if you're ovo lacto. Especially since it's brunch.. 3. Notable unique items: self serve sorbet, sugar free desserts (blueberry muffin, cheesecake, apple tart -- although they all tasted a little like chalk). . Get:. Vegetarian pizza. Prime rib - maybe. Cheesecake. Bread pudding (my weakness, personally). OJ (fresh squeezed! hah). Soft serve ice cream. Cheese blintz. . Pass:. Sushi - boring. Mashed potatoes. Most of the American food. Salad bar to conserve stomach area. Charcuterie - mostly pre-packaged food. Sugar free desserts. Pastas. Chocolate fudge brownie (literally as dense as a brick). Carrot cake - dry. French toast and pancakes - lacking flavor. . Overall: not worth the wait, but amongst the better buffets nonetheless. Would still go to the Wicked Spoon esp since there usually isn't a wait there.
I'm not a big fan of buffets, since I can't eat all that much in one sitting... . . BUT the dessert selection totally makes up for it. The prime rib was pretty tasty, along with the seafood ceviche. . . This is probably my "second" fave buffet in town, but with long waits.. ugh.
I guess I should preface this review by saying that I am really not that big on buffets.  However, if you are going to visit The Buffet at Bellagio, please make sure you are a Mlife member (their rewards card system...it's FREE to join) and have at least a Pearl status.  . . The lines for this buffet are ridiculous! Ridiculous! Ridiculous! My sister, Tanysha W, and Iskipped the line because they have a separate line for Mlife members.   However, the sign does not specify that you need to have a Pearl status to be considered VIP.  The lady excused our ignorance and let us cut the line anyway.  Thankfully, because the line was ridiculously long.  (Did I mention that, already?). . The food was... buffet food, nothing spectacular.   Pastries, sushi, eggs, potatoes, bacon, french toast, fruit bar, etc.. .  The lunch buffet was $24.99 and the champagne brunch was $30.99.
So I tried to research this place and the reviews came back favorable. Sadly, I did not listen to my inner voice.. . Got to the hotel at 3pm to make the lunch hour, and ended up waiting on line for over an hour! Did I leave the line and go find another venue, no, did I listen to my inner voice that this wait is longer than Pirates at Disney, noooo, did I end up paying the dinner rate, in stead of the lunch rate? YES! I know right? I should have left, but since I spent that much time on the line I felt I was committed to the task.. . That said, the food is meh at best. They are very cautious with seasonings, and the selection is OK, but when you expect one taste and get another, it is unfortunate.. . Now I know that one should lower expectations when going to a buffet, but then again, why should one?. . Overall, this skarf and barf is not worth the effort, nor the credit it gets.. . You would be better off on a prix fix menu at one of the better places in the hotel.
ive been for breakfast lunch and dinner. and dinner is def the time you want to go...the selection is better and the quality is as well... the service is great the price to match. the selection for everything food-dessert is over whelming. its kinda loud it felt like i was back in school. but better food.
Went here because my parents wanted to eat at a buffet and we heard that this one was really good. The food was good for a buffet, but I prefer quality over quantity so I'd rather have paid $40/pp to eat at a normal restaurant. The prime rib and pastas were good, but king crab legs were too salty. The quality of the sushi was ok.
The buffet here does not match the reputation Bellagio has. Maybe it was because my tastebuds weren't functioning properly after 4 buffets in 2 days in Vegas, but the quality and selection of the food at the Bellagio lacked in so many ways. I was so disappointed since it got so many good reviews (one year ago..) I can see why the ratings have gone down since then.. . Next time, I'll take my money to go to Wicked Spoon or The Buffet at Wynn.
I know it's judging the book by it's cover, but the ceilings are low in here! Everything was passable, but it wasn't the highest of quality. I had high expectations after years of friends gushing about this buffet and try weren't met. I'd be willing to try again though!
The ONLY reason I even go to these "buffet" was because of the line pass I got from our VIP rep.  And sure enough, I regret having to return to the "buffet" scene of lack luster quality and inconsistent food.. The sushi on the menu was disgusting.  The rice on the sushi was rock hard and COLD.  You only got two choices...tuna and salmon.  Other maki rolls there were just blah.. Only thing I liked about this station was the spicy tuna hand roll that they actually made when you order.  Was the only saving grace of this station.. . Other items, I usually skip.  Went right for the prime rib.. Was dripping bloody and disgusting the first time.  Only took a bite of it and moved my dish out of my way.  Second time around,someone else got it, and it was dry.. . In the end, I just fed myself shrimp and crab legs to make up for it...  I suppose you can't really go wrong with that...or can you? o.0. . I now remember why I hate buffet so much...especially Vegas buffets...mediocre foods at outlandish prices.  If it wasnt for the line pass, I would've killed myself for having to wait in line for 1 1/2 hours to dive into this.. . On a BRIGHT note however, they did have a DAMN good hot coffee and cheesecake.
Above average buffet. My wife and I went for breakfast and had a few good things like egg cooking station and the wide selection of cultural cuisines like Chinese, continental, japanese etc. service was average with a smile. But the quality of food was average and tables were left quite dirty for a long time. Edible but don't take your mama there on mothers day. Maybe take a friend
Not sure what the hype is.  We went to the buffet last Saturday for dinner waited for an hour, paid $40 per person and was not impressed.  The food tasted bland.  The best tasting was probably deserts.  . . I've been to the World Carnival Buffet twice and would prefer it over the Bellagio.
The desserts here are amazing! Having said that, I went here for lunch yesterday and was pretty disappointed with the rest of the food. Most things were somewhere between mediocre and bad. At buffets I usually expect food to be mediocre to good. . . But, like i said, their desserts are really, really good. We tried many different ones and none of them were overly sweet. It is my favorite buffet in terms of dessert.. . They did have a few other good things too. Their thin crust pizzas, shrimp cocktail (already peeled!), pesto infused mashed potatoes (amazing idea), and mixed salads were all pretty good.. . If you're really into sweets, I would recommend this place even if the rest of the buffet is not so good (yes the dessert is that good). If you want good non-sweet food though, I would go somewhere else.
One expensive buffet, it was ok, get ready to stand in line for 30 mins or more! The line wrapped pretty far up to the cashier. I enjoyed the sashimi and salmon poke, I liked the prime rib, well the first one, the second one was hard and not so good. The deserts were tasty. . . This is not the best buffet but it's pretty ok, not worth the price though. $40 a person? crazy. It would of been a nice $25 buffet.
I remember having brunch here a year ago and it was very good, but the dinner this time didn't please my palate.  The wait on Sunday was ~45minutes at 530pm and it was a mile stretch line!  I was hoping for more seafood selection--- the crab legs were great but Other dishes were just meh.  Great dessert selections although I didn't try much.  Dinner fare is $29.99.
I was imagining so nice. maybe thats why i like this place  not a lot. but some of food are tasty , waiter was so professional and fast. lot of desserts. busy restaurant.  i was in line almost half hour.
I used to love this buffet so much, but I feel like the quality of food has gone down over the years.  The prime rib here is still good though.
Pretty good, for the price I think it fell a little short.  Paris and Spice are carrying the same price tag and are far superior.  It had most everything you would want.  The desserts are a 4.5 star for sure.  I would of liked to see thier take on a mac and cheese if any at all.  The self-servings of shepards pie were on point, however.  3.5 stars.  With better options lurking across on all corners, this time, i will round down.
I went to Bellagio Buffet on Saturday at 3pm with short lines.  I heard good reviews about this place so I decided to give it a try.  The weekend brunch is average.  They offer fruit-juicy watermelon, delicious desserts, chinese food, breakfast (runny scrambled eggs, sausages, bacon, pototates), ham was moist, turkey, sushi, shrimp, soups.  The food was plentiful.  I waited at 4pm to eat their dinner and it's better than the brunch.  The dinner offer ribs, beef wellington, wings, crab legs(lines were long at 4pm then the lines died down), shrimp, fruit, salad, etc.   The servers were great and refill our sodas very often.   Overall dinner buffet starts at 4pm is better and cost $29.99 than weekend brunch $24.99 w/out champagne.
The waffle n pancake are good. That's all I can say. No, I wasn't impressed. Lack variety n imagination. Went there again for lunch the next day cos I really want to find out why would so many TV program touted it as 'the ' buffet in Vegas. Nope,  still couldn't figure it out. The sirloin looked dry, so I avoided it. Shrimp tasted like it came out of one those ready cooked bags. Dessert was uneventful.
I am not as impressed as everyone else.  The sushi is my favorite here as I have yet to be disappointed with it.  I find the meats to be dry and any pasta rubbery.  Snow crabs legs are good and the king crab legs tasted too fishy.  It is really crowded so it is hard to see everything on the tables.  The desserts are merely ok and not delicious enough to be called desserts.  I got sick about 2 hours after eating here.  Wynn's buffet is better.
How disappointed. We went here for lunch and couldn't believe how sub par the food was. I guess since we heard such good things we expected better. We went to Caesars new buffet the night before and this buffet doesn't come close. The sliders were overcooked. The ribs were terrible. Sushi choices were all veggie until she finally made a spicy tuna roll which was average. Salads were good. If you like pesto this is the place. All the pastas with pesto and the mashed potatoes with pesto were good. Desserts were good. For the reputation I expected better.
Pretty good, though the table service for drinks was poor - perhaps I caught them at a bad time?
Seriously, what is going on with all of the Vegas Buffets?  Almost all of them have gone downhill.  Needless to say, Bellagio's buffet is not is as good as it used to be.  At $60 per person, it doesn't even equate to a good value compared to eating at some of the finer dining establishments. But, the buffet here is still one of the better ones around in terms of quality and freshness.  As more and more buffets go over the top, Bellagio's seems to be a bit outdated.. . just be wary of the fact that the prices can jump depending on the day and season.  Normally it should have been $30, but it was double that for dinner when we went.  There is still a good selection and the carving stations are always decent, with roasted chicken, turkey breast, or prime rib.. . Decent place, but no longer someplace I would go out of my way to visit.
Good value for an early dinner - $35-ish.. . Sushi is very basic, but a good hit of fish if you need it.. . Standouts for me are the King Crab legs (seriously, sweet and fresh) and prime rib.  If you're really hungry, and especially you're already at the Bellagio, you could do worse than turn here....
The Buffet at the Bellagio, an array of incredible fancy looking cuisine, that dissapoints with bland flavors however, not everything is bad for great service and selection this is a bargain....also, if u have a weak stomach don't plan on swimming after you eat  because you'll be spending a night with the SHARTS!
Very dirty place.. The bussers stroll around with big smelly carts with food leftovers between the tables to collect dirty dishes. DISGUSTING!! . . The food was OK but not great.. They had crab legs.
was determined to squeeze this in on my last day in vegas basked on a few friends recommendation.  It's hard for me to rate a buffet because i have no self control and eat like a pig until i am sick which then makes me dislike.   I will start off by saying the champagne brunch is a bang for the buck.  You get unlimited champagne or mimosa's for 6.00 more.  There is a ton of food.  but alot of it is muffins, oatmeals, all this healthy crap that i can eat for a couple of bucks!  I did enjoy the eggs benedict and the prime rib. The rest was just okay.   But for 33.00 i was half lit and stuffed for half the day.
The Bellagio Buffet is definitely overhyped. I came here for the first time over the summer. I was so surprised that is about $40 per a person, but I guess it is decent since it was so packed and it is after all VEGAS..  . I must admit there was alot of variety and great selections. However, some of the food just did not taste so great. The lamb shank and the bone marrow I had was good. But the steak i had was so chewy and dry. I almost choked on it. The asian options were also a little limited. The sushi quality was really good I miss admit.. . My favorite dish when i can here was actually a sea bass dish. The fish was moist and not overcooked.
Good food. VERY CLEAN for a buffet! Great Selection! Good price!
I'm not generally a buffet fan so this is a grain of salt review. We headed over to Bellagio for Saturday brunch. Got there a little before 11 and waited 30 minutes-ish before getting seated. Lunch menu was $32.. . Selection was quite impressive with a lot of variety. It reminded me of a Mexican/Caribbean resort venue, where quantity abounds over quality. Usual stuff like the omelet station was available, though for that coin I'd have liked to see more high-end stuff. Prime rib, roasted turkey, smoked salmon and a decent-looking sushi bar were probably the best bang for the buck. No problems with service; drink refills were plentiful and easy to come by.
3.975 Stars! It wasn't exactly up to par with the Bacchanal Buffet at the Caesar's Palace or the Carnival World Buffet at the Rio. Nonetheless, having the tiny tummy that I do, all it took was 4 rounds before I could hardly get up anymore and I will say, I was contented.. . My parents and I decided to spice up family day by trying out the buffet at the Aria but when we got there, we were told it was under renovation so we diverted our route to plan B and that was either Bellagio or Wynn. Seeing as Bellagio was not too far away, we settled here for lunch. At 12:30pm, there were hardly any lines and we were seated almost right away at our table. I was almost completely aware that our server seemed very very tired. Thankfully, he ended his shift not too long after we arrived and Victor took over for the rest of our dining experience. . . Changing gears for a second, the food made its mark on my family. 5 Cheese Tortellini in Pesto held a special place on my plate almost every time I went back. There was sushi, a variety of cheese, cold cuts, cous cous, salads and fresh vegetable rolls (please avoid these) for appetizers and plenty more. An array of main course options included pineapple fried rice (it had an exotic touch to it which I loved), beef flank, jumbo shrimp cocktail, pizza, pastas. I have to say though, that the dessert didn't really live up to my expectations. I was hoping they'd have more ice-cream options but instead, they only offered chocolate, vanilla and a couple of sorbets. No creme brulee or macarons like I wished. . . NOTE that they boot up the dishes for dinner (king crab in the house!) at 3:30pm so take your time with lunch and just wait till the hour strikes and feast upon the magical extras! Our server, Victor, was more than entertainingand after noticing how much I loved dessert (and at that point, couldn't quite get up to grab any more), he brought me and my mom some tiramisu and raspberry cheesecake shooters which were the bomb! I am absolutely thankful for his pleasant service and how he would occasionally drop by our table to joke around with my dad. . . Keep this buffet on top of your list, but place it up number 3 or 4 for back-up!
The Bellagio Buffet was one of our favorite buffets whenever we visit Vegas.  We arrived a little before 3pm on a Friday for the buffet and did not have to experience any waiting lines and were promptly seated. Our waitress promptly took our drink orders shortly after we were seated.  . . Started out with some salads, peeled shrimp and sushi.  They were good but nothing special.  They have snow crab legs, but at 3:30pm they start bringing out the dinner items and that includes crab legs. These were a lot better than the snow crab legs.. . I usually gravitate towards to the carving station at buffets.  The slices of beef and the beef wellington were disappointing to say the least.  Both were medium well and were on the dry side.  The wellingtons that were on the carving station were all at the same medium well doneness.  Wow, shouldn't you have different doneness to satisfy the different palates?. . The desserts were the best part of my meal.  With a decent selection, they were in most part pretty good.. . The service was very good and efficient.  Our used plates were promptly removed from our table.. . Overall, the food appears to have dropped in quality from our past visits.  For a couple of bucks more, the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's is worth it as it is in another class.  We had tried the Bacchanal Buffet and everything we tried was delicious.  Sorry, but can't say this is the case for the Bellagio Buffet.
This was not the amazing extravagance that the "top" rated buffet in Vegas  I used to remember. Only 2 active chef stations and they took the bacon and eggs away at 1 pm!!
Bellagio, what can I say?. . I stood on line for like an hour plus and when I finally sat down the server came by frequently.. . However, I was truly baffled by how small the area for the buffet was! I have seen bigger buffets at 2 and 3 star hotels on the strip and off!. . I enjoyed the crab and the carrot cake, and everything tasted like "expensive" rather than rich and hearty. Thus, the quality of the food was not necessarily better but it was "superior" in the subjective high-end realm of taste. . . Was it worth $20 plus dollars for a smaller-selection dinner with fast service, long lines, expensive-tasting but not comfort-like food? It depends on who you're asking. . . I'll pass.
I expected better for the price. It is close to the price of Wynn buffett and I think wynn is 100x better.
We ate on Saturday night and paid $38/person.  We waited about 45 min in the non-VIP line. For the quality of food, I thought it was expensive.  The food was OK.  However, the dessert was very good.  . . Oh, and while you're waiting in line, you get to numb your nostrils with smell of cigarettes.  But I suppose it's that way at all the places where you wait in line by the casinos.
Decent buffet, def didn't live up to the hype.
The breakfast selection at the Buffet was pretty delicious, but the dinner selection was pretty standard. The line to eat was insane & we would have opted out if we weren't mLife members. The price was too expensive in my opinion, mainly because I never get my money's worth at buffets. Overall, it wasn't a bad choice. Though, I would venture away from the strip and support some local small businesses in Vegas. I found some gems out there that were cheap.
For a buffet at Bellagio i was expecting a better service. The wait time was more than an hour and after getting in we waited  like ten minutes for our drinks. Food was decent. . Probably i wouldn't come back.
This is so disappointing! At $50 a person for holiday,  the quality and tastes should be better, way better!  The prices has gone up and quality has gone down.. . After an hour wait in line, we were so ready to eat. The food looks good and appetizing but when I put it in my mouth, it was just so disappointing. Too hard? too tough? tasted bland?.. yes, all the above!. . duck, prime rib, duck legs, lamb, king crab leg, cocktail shrimps, sushi, and everything else a high end buffet has. Desserts were average, my favorite was the cheesecake.. I don't see an huge difference in the items between a regular dinner menu and a holiday "gourmet" dinner which is about ten dollars more then the usual.
First of all our waitress from Odessa, Texas was on point... great service that's why I gave it 3 stars. . Overall food was just okay.. Maybe I expected more from the Bellagio I guess.. . Crab legs were mushy and parts were frozen... Sausage didn't have that zesty spicy tang.. kind of bland for sausage. . desserts were so so.... nothing to talk about. . Clam Chowder was tasty though.... Pizza was okay not great but better then most buffets. Eggs typical.... . . BACON was Goood!!! . . Did I mention that the BACON was GOOD!!! LOL.... . If it wasn't for the bacon and the service this place was def in the ranking for a 2 star.... . I went during there Xmas Brunch special aka 7am-3pm...on 12/28.... . Wasn't a Huge fan...My groupl also wasnt really impressed.... . Even my nephew 8 year old who has a sweet tooth wasnt too pleased with the deserts.... But he did love the French toast with hazelnut and bananas...
Came here for lunch and skipped the line with passes (highly recommended as otherwise you'd probably have to wait 1-2 hrs). However, once we entered, we immediately noticed maybe 30% of the tables were just empty despite the long line... not sure if it's bad management or they just don't want too many people in there at once. There was a large variety of food but most of it was quite average, though nothing tasted bad.. . The shrimp cocktail was very good -- big and fresh shrimp. They also have an omelette station which is perfect for brunch. Some of the desserts are pretty delicious and I heard the tuna hand roll was good as well. The waitress was also very attentive and frequently refilled our drinks (orange juice, coffee, etc.). Overall I would say it's worth it for the $26 we paid, as you would probably pay that anyways at a mediocre strip restaurant and not get the same amount of choice + unlimited beverages and dessert.
Good food, but overpriced  The wait is long during peak hours, but that is to be expected for most buffets in Vegas.  If the price was half the price, then I'd give the buffet at Bellagio 4 stars.  Unfortunately, the quality of the food does not justify the price of the buffet.. . Bottom line, your money would be better spent elsewhere for the same quality of food at a lower price.  You can gamble your savings away at the slot machines and maybe win a jackpot instead.
This buffet seems to have gone down in the taste and quality.  There is a huge variety of choice like most buffets in Vegas. The Kobe beef was not tender. I have tried Kobe beef while in Kobe Japan. The lamb was tender and the king crab was really good. However there is usually a very long line. Go early or be prepared to stand in line for at least an hour.
From everything I've heard, The Buffet At Bellagio was the gold standard of buffets in Vegas, and all other buffets are trying to do what the Bellagio is doing. But from my experience the buffet at Bellagio is just OK.. . We were staying at the Bellagio and ended up eating the buffet there twice. Once for breakfast. I'd say it's actually better at breakfast. The price is cheaper and there's more than enough of everything you could possibly want. We went the following day around 2pm and it wasn't as good. They were sort of transitioning between brunch and dinner and it was just not that good. No seafood? No crab legs. Just meh. I guess you have to come for dinner to get the better spread.. . As far as the layout goes I was more impressed with the buffet at the Wynn and Caesar's palace. Check this one out for an early morning meal, but otherwise not worth going out of your way for.
At almost $50 a buffet, I'd have expected a much better selection. The pastas, chinese and salads were okay. The sushi was not bad. The 30 desserts were enticing but didn't deliver. As a vegetarian, not sure I saw the money's worth or the stomach satisfaction..
This last time I was in Vegas, we wanted to take a co-worker who had never been to Vegas to a traditional buffet.  We were debating between a few and since The Buffet at Bellagio was a classic, we decided to go there.. . It's not exactly how I remembered it to be, but it's definitely still a good buffet.  Lots of selection of every type of food.  I was actually surprised that there were 3 carving stations! You'll be sure to get your fix of salads, charcuterie, sushi, sashimi, meats, seafoods, Asian food, Italian and plenty of desserts.   Surprisingly, their coffee was really good!. . All in all, nothing WOW'd me, and for $38, I'm not sure if I'd likely go back...but if you're looking for a traditional Vegas buffet to go to, this is still probably towards the top of my list.
I was disappointed. Who said this is the best buffet in Vagas? It's so wrong. First time here, had quite high expectation, cuz it seems a lot of people said it's the best. The buffet has quite a lot of options, but the food taste just ok. Some are bland and some are over salted. The only thing I like about is the king crab/snow crab, it has been cut in half, so it was easy to eat, but I've heard most of the buffet also cut the king crab leg in half for customers, so that makes it not so special anymore. Maybe I should have gone there for dinner instead of brunch/lunch, because almost half of their stations are serving the same breakfast items. The service was good.
Came here for dinner with a party of five at around 530pm on a Thursday.  As usual, no line going in, but a huge line forming when we were done.  At $32/pp, the buffet was still a decent value.  On weekends the  price jumps to $39/pp but its hard to imagine what else they would serve to justify the higher price.  Several dishes really stood out tonight, though a few missed the boat.. . * They do have king crab legs for weeknight dinners.  They were fresh and meaty, and very sweet after you ask the cooks at the fish station steam them for you.. . * The miso-glazed sea bass with edaname couscous was cooked to perfection.  Perhaps first time a fish was not overcooked at a buffet.. . * Prime rib was juicy and cooked well, as opposed to the Kobe beef, which I found dry like leather.  . . * Some of the veggies (brocollini, asparagus) didn't seem as fresh this time.. . * Roasted soya chicken was a mixed bag, I got a dried out breast while others got a decent drumstick.. . *Everyone loved the sweet potatoe puree! Had some spicy kick to it.. . * The raw bar was decent - spicy tuna hand rolls, beef tartare on dried bread, and both tuna and salmon nigiri.  Sushi rice fell apart in the mouth- my standard for quality!. . * As for desserts, the pecan pie again shined; it's really hard to find a better version.  The Frangelico panna cotta was also amazing with a deep coffee-chocolately smooth texture.  Tiramisu was a bit too sweet however and a bit heavy on the cream and not enough chocolate and alcohol.. . Still a decent buffet, but probably a bit behind Wicked Spoon in terms of overall quality.
Once the king of buffets in Vegas Bellagio is still a solid contender.  I have eaten here several times for the seafood buffet and always enjoyed it. The food quality is good and the selections are good as well. This buffet wont blow you away, but if you have some comps to use at Bellagio this wouldnt be a bad choice to use them.
Went here on my first night at the Bellagio while in Vegas.. . First off I got sick off the food, so strike 1. Think it was the shrimp or the kobe prime rib.. . The buffet is expensive for average food. Yes they have everything under the sun, but there are better buffets in Vegas. Try the Cosmo for breakfast, it was amazing!. . Back to the food, it's your average fair of food with Kobe Prime Rib and crab legs, but you can get this stuff anywhere.. . You will have to wait in line, lucky we got in the middle line that let us bypass everyone else even though we weren't gold members.. . It was OK, wasn't very impressed with The Buffet at all compared to the rest of the hotel and it's high standards.
Clean and good selection of food. I'm not a buffet fan, but having the stations manned make me feel like someone is watching out. The food was good.
Totally not worth the wait! Took my family here last night for dinner and we all very disappointed. After 1h wait in line, we are all starving so our satisfaction expectation are very low already. However, everything is wrong from Kobe beef to King crab legs. The crab legs are all frozen and tasteless even after boiled up upon oir request. The Kobe beef tastes mediocre just like any kind of beef u can get at Vons. Even the sitting area is just plain and boring looking like other 3 star buffet such as ones at Paris or Ceasar Palace. Save your money and Time guys, check out Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo. 10x time better!
Vegas is known for amazing shows, food and just general excess. I (loving all of these things) ventured out west for Valentine's Day. What better way to spend time with the one you love than wandering the strip with a colossal drink in your hand? We woke up early Saturday and ventured over to the Bellagio to enjoy their legendary breakfast. I have never been to a restaurant where the entrance looks like the entrance to the Incredible Hulk ride in Orlando. Winding around several velvet ropes till you reach the pay counter and receive your buffet ticket. There were 6 of us total, and the process was actually very smooth. We were seated quickly with a smile. We then wandered the absolutely endless amount of food options in the buffet line. I mean it was 10:00am, but they had everything from scrambled eggs to sushi. The only thing that was missing was any sweet breakfast item (who doesn't have pancakes or waffles?) All in all, the food was above "meh". I can't say that I was blown away, but I wasn't horrified either. I was not expecting it to be that good given that it was a buffet situation, but overall - it was pretty... average. . . Would I go back to this restaurant? Probably not. I have heard that the Wicked Spoon is much better. But then again - is one buffet really that much better than another? Isn't that the eternal question?
I've grazed buffets from Mandalay Bay to Fremont Street and Bellagio's offering is a good middle-of-the-road choice.. . For best results, choose Bellagio for dinner, when Snow and King Crab legs steal the show...already cut in half lengthwise so their luscious meat is easy to enjoy.. . One unique "feature" that makes Bellagio stand out is that they allow seating at their bar area. For $8, they'll serve you all of the selected adult beverages you'd like. And, since you're sitting at the bar, the service is quick!. . Bellagio's sometimes creative takes on dishes can miss the mark. Pesto mashed potatoes may look good on paper, but I recommend passing. Sushi seemed a little meh. And some offerings sit in their dishes longer than they should.. . On the other hand, Bellagio's carving station often features an exceptionally flavorful flank steak that I prefer over the standard prime rib.
Wide selection. Food was good. Prime rib was very tasty. Deserts very good. Servers/staff were rude and clearly miserable.
This place has it all. You had handmade tacos, Italian, sushi and seafood. The deserts looked amazing but after the full court calorie press I initiated at the buffet I had no room to try them. . . In my youth I heard tales of a mythical Viking creation that used light reflected through a prism then bounced off a piece of Rock from Stonehenge to create a powerful crab laser capable of the meticulous cutting necessary to not damage the delicious and delicate sweet crab meet inside.  I'm sure you could imagine my elation when I found Alaskan King Crab legs perfectly sliced in half lengthwise on this buffet!!! I shouted "by Freyja's cat-drawn chariot!" at the sight, I loaded a plate and headed back to my seat to consume mass quantities. After I had thrashed my legs I headed back to the buffet for more but to much to my disliking they had been vanquished, so I just got some pizza instead.. . I couldn't get anyone at the buffet to confirm the existence of the viking crab laser and when I asked our server who's name was Catfish, she acted like I was the one named catfish.. . Check it out.
I was really hopeful about the buffet here. They do have a decent selection but what comes up short here is why pay a good lump sum per person for an average tasting breakfast buffet?. . The stuff I had was just the basics: honey baked ham, eggs, sausages, biscuit and gravy, cheeses, and pancakes. Nothing fancy here... JUST AVERAGE ,BASIC BREAKFAST but yet we pay lots of loot here when we didn't eat that much ( just the two plates for me ).. . The highlights here is are the champagne/mimosa dang! our server got us hooked! The coffee here was awesome! I'm not sure what kind it was but their house coffee was off the hook as well. Their drinks here got me full not the buffet itself.. . We were sitting next to a group of middle aged guys and it was Super Bowl weekend that day. It was funny that these guys were all jacked up for the weekend, it kinda reminds me of Al Bundy and his NO MA'AM cronies enjoying a weekend out away from their wives Lol.. . I recommend coming here if  you win extra cash in Bellagio's casino and if you feel that you don't want to go anywhere else. Overall average breakfast buffet during the morning but great servers.
I normally love this buffet but DON'T GO ON HOLIDAYS! It costs more but the food isn't as good as any regular weekend brunch. This has happened several times. I went Easter weekend and it was NOT all that, especially the prime rib. Overcooked and the server was rude. Same happened at Xmas. We went the Saturday before and it was excellent and then we went back on Xmas and it was horrible. The previous Xmas the same thing. Only good thing I noticed this time is that now you can pay the extra for the unlimited champagne any time, any day. Xmas 2011 I waited in line for 4 hours, past the 3:00 cut-off for champagne but just in time for the higher dinner price and lousy food. And no one said at the end of the line the expected wait time. Save this buffet for a regular day.
My visit to here confirmed that buffeting is a young man's sport!!  They have most of the usual option and do it well.  At $50 a head, you could also get avery good meal somewhere else and not feel sick afterwards.   Just saying....
I sampled a number of dishes at the luncheon buffet including shrimp cocktail, a spinach salad with goat cheese, skirt steak, Chinese broccoli, sweet potato mash, a bbq rib, and 3 desserts.  Everything was fresh looking, but each dish seemed to be aimed more at not offending than titillating anyone's taste buds.
As with my other buffet reviews, there is a disclaimer: I am not a buffet addict. All buffets taste the same to me. They have something amazing, something okay, and something bad. I'll save my 4 or 5 star review for when everything I eat at a buffet is amazing. . . Come here during near the middle/end of the brunch/lunch time, so that you can pay $20-$25 dollars, and then stay for dinner! They switch menus exactly at 3:30PM, also that is when the crab legs come out for dinner. However, beware! Many people also do this, so expect a long line, do plan your time accordingly and well so that you can be seated just in time for the end of lunch/start of dinner.. . Positives. - Crab legs, for the lunch price :D. - I love eggs, bacon, sausage! give me brunch anywhere any time.. - Our waitress was super nice, and had a southern accent. She thought we were weird cause we were just sitting around, not eating at a buffet, waiting for 3:30 until the crab legs came out. . . Average/In the middle. -  Creme brulee was pretty good. I've had better though. . - Your standard steaks and filets you can find anywhere else.. - I did like the one bite of pasta I took for my plate.. . Negatives. - The rest of the food didn't really stand out to me.. - Sushi was left out a while, so it didn't taste fresh. . - Not enough saffron in the seafood paella.. - Chocolate macaron was crunchy and it cracked...That's not supposed to happen for a macaron.. - Apple cobbler was super sour.. - Average selection of asian food.. . Overall. Come here for the crab legs!
I have mixed feelings about this buffet, but I'll most likely try another place on my next trip to Vegas.. . The selection is much smaller than I expected, and quite honestly, it reminded me of a very upscale Hometown Buffet. Don't get me wrong: they have some gourmet items here, like a variety of meats and a nice offering of seafood, but nothing to get overly excited about. Except maybe the macarons.. . Surprisingly, this buffet's seafood selection was close to awesome. I usually avoid eating seafood when visiting landlocked states, but everything was great! Loved the miso-marinated bluefin - it was fork-tender, if a little undercooked. Their spinach salmon was tasty, as was their spicy tuna poke and crab legs. . . Their meats, however, made me a bit sad. I'm a wimp and prefer my steak medium...and if I'm feeling particularly savage, medium rare at best. Everything here was moo-rare: the prime rib, the kobe, the flank steak...Nothing says "yum" like a river of blood flooding the rest of your food! My asparagus, broccolini, and mushrooms were probably tasty, except I couldn't really discern any flavor other than blood. Nice.. . Moving along. Their desserts were all delicious and beautifully presented. Le macarons, creme brulee, sorbet, and chocolate dome cake were all fantastic. If this place were renamed "The Dessert Buffet At Bellagio", I'd give it a standing ovation worthy of Celine Dion. Alas, the hefty dinner price doesn't justify an awesome dessert assortment and "just okay" food.
Not as good as 3 years ago.
Read the reviews. Basing on what we have read, we popped by and gave it a go.. . The food was decent. We were fond of the Salmon dish, and Shrimp cocktail. The salad bar was ok. The veggies, especially the leafy greens, looked a bit wilted at the time we dined (round 1130am). Sushi area could use a bit more authentication *hahaha* California Roll ... is that really sushi? ^_~. . Just like Jon G. stated... "$10 all you can drink after buying the buffet." However, there is a time limit on how long you can enjoy your cold one.. . Overall, this spot was just "OK." We did not appreciate the 1 hour and 35 minutes wait in line. But hey, once we were seated ... we took our sweet time savouring each dish!
Not too impressed actually. I don't know if we got here too late but it seemed a bit dirty. There was a very good selection however but the food wast 'delicious' but I guess you can say it's pretty cheap.
I'm normally not a fan of buffets because of the mediocre food they have but after hearing that this place had good food, I had to check it out.  We decided to go on a non peak day (Thursday) and the wait time in line was about 15 minutes.  . . They have several different section to their buffet.  They have a pasta/salad section which had a nice assortment of cheeses, meats, and vegetables.  They had Caesar salad with Parmesan chips, they also had different soups.  The next station is a carving station with turkey, brisket, and flank steak.  They even had mini burger sliders.  The burger sliders were a bit undercooked by my standards but still safe to eat.  Could have used some seasonings.  They had a shrimp table, a Chinese/ Japanese section and a dessert section with about 20 different mini desserts.. . I have to say that out of all buffets, this one takes the mark.
I read that Bellagio had one of the better buffets in Vegas so I decided to give it a try for lunch.  The line wasn't long at 11am so I decided to play a few slots and use the restroom.  When I returned 30 minutes later, the line was long and winding!  Ugh.. . I got a seat close to the buffet itself.  I was disappointed though.  I didn't see anything spectacular about this buffet and the price was a bit high.  It seemed like a regular Vegas buffet to me.  Plus the drink service was very slow.  I had already finished my first plate by the time my drink arrived.  Good luck trying to ask for refills.  Might as well bring in a bottle of water.  Although, I do admit that their dessert counter was one of the best ones I've seen.  . . I'd like to try it again but for dinner.  Perhaps their food is better then.. . Be sure to pick up a pear from the fruit basket.  I thought it was a decorative item but it was actually a real pear.  And it was the best pear I've ever had!  :)
OK this was the best buffet in Las Vegas when they first opened like many new buffets. For dinner it was like $32 a person. I was not impressed since the food lacked flavor and the quality of food has gone down a bit. The prime rib, raviolis and sea bass were the only dishes that I thought was decent. Their so called Kobe beef was disgusting, no marbling whats so ever. its like they bought a select roast and cooked it medium rare. The Turkey was okay. The sushi no way avoid. The tuna poki was not good. The dessert section was OK better a bacchanal. I remember the old days this buffet was unbelievably good. When Steve Wynn owned the casino it was the place to eat. I will not be going back.
We went on two different occasions. The dinner buffet was great!!! Did not wait too long.  But our seating was a disappointment. We were seated almost next to the main buffet room outside the iron rail next to the dinner plate table. Everyone walking past was glancing over to us to see what we are eating... kind of annoying.....The next time was for brunch. Didn't wait long. Seating great. Food on par with what a brunch should be....Good job on the brunch, A little bit pricey but as the old saying goes you get what you pay for....
Took forever to get our drinks, at least 20 minutes after we had already eaten almost all of food from our first trip! (slooooow, un-attentive, kind service)We were seated wayyy in the back so it felt annoying and time consuming! Cream cheese wasn't anywhere near the bagels and took me forever to find, and they didn't have a toaster out to warm them up :( .... GOOD FRUIT SELECTION!  Food was good quality, but could have been hotter in temperature!
I came here yesterday, unfortunately it was Father's day so it was pretty packed. I was certainly disappointed with the whole interior and layout of the buffet. There was no proper formal line, and it was so crowded and unorganized. Considering that Bellagio is a 5 diamond resort, I expected the decor and interior/layout to be more sophisticated and modern. Instead it was very old-fashioned, seemed like I was dining at one of the station casino's buffet. . . Other than the layout of the buffet, the quality of the food was not bad at all. There were lots of variety and the staff members kept the king crab/snow crab fresh. However the prime rib was horrible. The desserts were my favorite. (I have a crazy sweet tooth thats why.) I still think the Studio-B buffet at the M resort is the best for its price.
Buffets are either your best friends or your worst enemies. Everything from your craving to what goes on in the actual restaurant is probably a good time. Not so much afterwards. But enjoy it while it lasts. But don't let it last too long or you'll be punished in the gym for it.. . While I understand that the Bellagio is a world renown hotel and arguably the top resort on the Strip, I don't know if I can make the same call for this Buffet. . . For one, don't let the long lines deceive you into believing that you're going to be eating some luxury food. The decor resembles the buffet of a Station Casino.. . I would give the food 4/5 stars and that's actually pretty nice because I'm still hesitant about the quality of the food. They had the Beef Wellington, in which I have never seen from any other hotel buffet. While that is certainly a unique thing for this buffet, it tasted terrible. The seafood was average to above average. The crab legs were good but even whenI asked them to steam em up, they were a bit rude to me AND did a very mediocre job in heating them up. Other than that, all your other foods are like your standard foods that you will find at your nearest resort buffet.. . Service was decent. Except all the cooks seemed so bitter, rude and old. Maybe it's explained by their age but I'm certainly in no position to blame their lack of customer service due to age. But being that this hotel is a part of the mega resort Bellagio, their customer service level standards should certainly be in the skies.. . I paid about 88 for two because it was a holiday which is typical on special occasions. But to be perfectly honest, I don't see myself coming back here for full price. Half off would do the trick though.
I remember coming here as a child, and it was the best buffet in the world! . . It really isn't bad for $20 lunch.. that's a lot cheaper than most of the restaurants in Vegas. They have a good variety of breakfast food. The prime rib was definitely the best part. The sushi, on the other hand, didn't look that great.. . I'd say it was just... OK. service was good as usual
Alaskan king crab legs are salty and tasteless, and we had to let them thaw for at least half an hour. Kobe beef is very tough, not even close. Service is slow.. . The only good dish I can remember is the raw salmon salad with sweetened soy sauce, yum. The dessert section is nice.
Growing up in Vegas this was an ok buffet. Definitely one of the better ones though.
If they were stopping food they could at least tell everyone in line thats here for dinner.. We barely got the good stuff for our first plate and by the time we went for second round basically everything was shut down. This place would definitely receive full stars if they were to have more sashimi, prime rib, and whatever else that was good shutted down. We ended up eating full plates of crab legs and shrimps. . . I wouldnt mind giving this place a try again, just hope they would let their customers know when are last calls. -_-
We must have walked in at the perfect time because we had no wait  (was a late lunch).  Overall buffet was good, lots of options, and I particularly liked the Japanese offerings (sushi rolls, various seaweed salads).  My husband really liked the sliders and some of the other meat options.  I can only given 3 starts since my husband got sick later on and we think that was due to the shrimp (of which he tried one and knew something wasn't right).  I would go again, although would not be my first option.  Dining room is pretty uninspired as well, not an interesting space.
Great variety of food, not THAT tasty.
What happened to this place?? We were so looking forward to this place after a few years, but we were let down by the quality and choices. . . The line wasn't that long of a wait for a weekday.
I was a bit disappointed with the buffet being that it was at the Bellagio. The selection of food was smaller than I had expected. The atmosphere was nice however I think there are much better buffets on the strip for the same price.
Caviar servings were very heavily policed.  Behind a glass and the servers were very reluctant to give me more than a tiny spoonful.  I didn't want the blini and just wanted caviar.  King crab was good, but still had some ice crystals on them and wasn't completely defrosted.  I love crab, though and enjoyed it very much.  The unlimited alcohol for $10 is a good deal.  Can choose from bloody mary, margarita, champagne, but whatever you choose, you have to stick with.  Cannot change your drink mid-meal. . . Overall--wide selection of food.  Easy to navigate.  King crab.  Yum.
Although the food here was good it was not excellent. I remember the old days when everyone lined up for this place. Not so much anymore. The only thing that stood out for me was the skirt steak and ribs. For dessert, the Napoleon was really good. We ate until we couldn't walk anymore. We tried to wait for the sushi hand rolls but they kept telling us 10 minutes. It became 40 minutes but still no hand rolls. We finally gave up. We were stuffed and decided to walk off our food.
We were in Vegas for a friend's wedding over Easter Weekend, and ended up here Easter Sunday. I think it was like $40 a person? There were quite a few selections, the King crab legs were the best part. I like mine hot though, but they were nice enough to steam them for me. . What I didn't like is that while we got there about 1-1.5hours before they closed, they started closing down stations like halfway through our dinner? We didn't experience all the hot stuff because of it. And since the employees were focused on breaking stuff down, I waited at the meat carving area for like 5 minutes, which is a long time in buffet line world.. . We'd go back probably after we checked out other buffets first...
Disappointed. Nothing stood out. The deserts were okay. I honestly expected more !
Pricey but on a par with some of the better buffets in Vegas.. . It was not part of the Buffet of Buffet program, and we paid $50/person because it as a Labor Day special dinner (starting at 3 p.m. on Friday) and because we were celebrating a birthday.. . Some notables:. . Good selection, with a little bit of everything: . . --Seafood choices consisted of Alaska and regular crabs; shrimp, smoked salmon, sushi, caviar (Ikura and American caviar), seaweed salad, mussel salad and calamari salad. --Carvery choices included rack of lamb, Asian pork belly; beef Wellington. --Asianfoods included Broccoli Beef, Beef Panang, chicken shiu mai. --Extensive dessert section. . Some good items:. --Alaska king crab legs were split and served cold, though servers can steam upon request. --the mussels and seafoods were free from grit and only very slightly over-cooked compared to other buffets. --Beef Wellington and rack of lamb were just right--only complaint was the saltiness of the mushroom filling in the Beef Wellington. --Extensive salad selection, including a mussel salad. . Competent, unobtrusive service: our servers got us the cranberry juice and ice cream. . Some not so hot items:. . --Veal osso bucco: inconsistent quality--one us had a perfectly tender piece, but mine was overcooked and leathery. --Sushi was inconsistent: one of us had sushi with too much vinegar; mine was just right. --Pork belly was too salty (due to oversmoking?). . Is it worth the $50/person?  Only if you can eat enough to make it worth your while...Lunch will definitely be more palatable!
Food is not bad. They have lots of selection of desserts. If you like Alaskan crab this is the buffet for you. The only thing is bad is the waiting, it took us 1:30 to get in but it's worth it! Price wise yes it's expensive $32.99 but hey its Bellagio.
"Reputation is Everything.". . That is, assuming it's a good one, which The Buffet at the Bellagio seems to still have (100 people waiting in line!).  It's just a shame that the food can't back that up anymore.  While they were pretty darn good the last time I was here, The Buffet now seems to be living off its reputation more than anything else.. . Although there were about 40 people in line when we arrived (it more than doubled by the time we left), we were able to bypass the wait by making a reservation.  The trade off was a fixed 18% gratuity, but it was well worth it to get in that much faster and to have all 12 of us seated together.  Plus, we probably would have tipped that much anyways.. . On the plus side, there was a wide variety to choose from.  Like nearly every other Vegas buffet, there were sections for Asian food, sushi/sashimi, seasonal fruits, various salads, pastas, pizzas, and seafood (including fresh king crab legs).  In addition, they also had a couple of carvery stations offering meaty favorites like prime rib, Kobe beef, ribs, pork belly, and rack of lamb, as well as stations for made-to-order tacos and caviar.  And, of course, a dessert bar with a wealth of selections to cap your meal.. . While all that variety was great, it was also necessary in order to find things worth eating.  Most of the food was just okay with a handful of tasty items, but the carvery meats were really disappointing though - the prime rib was okay and the rack of lamb was good, but the Kobe beef was AWFUL (tough and flavorless).  Furthermore, the tacos were pretty bleh, two of the three caviars were just tobiko and ikura (like at Japanese restaurants), and the sashimi didn't look appetizing at all.. . At $39 a head for a regular Saturday night dinner, the price is comparable with the better buffets on the Strip (Wynn's buffet and Cosmo's Wicked Spoon, for two), but the food felt like it was a step or two behind.  TWO AND A HALF STARS rounded up because things like the salmon mousse cups, smoked salmon, chocolate covered strawberries, and rack of lamb were "plus" items.  Plus, a part of me just hopes that it was a bad night.  However, if I had to paid out of my pocket (the resort credit I got for staying at the Bellagio covered my meal), I would have rounded down.
Buffet is OK, but not great. . Better choices in town. . If you insist on going, show up early evening to avoid a line.
A ok. Goodfood, a wide variety. Looong line and Vegas price tag, but worth a try :)
Went during dinner hours during Labor Day weekend so the prices were higher than usual. The food was ok nothing spectacular however I did enjoy the crab legs. Wish I could have eaten more. The roast turkey was also great. Those were my 2 favorite things. Everything else was average. Definitely not worth the price
I've been here several times. Every time I come I am less impressed. The first time I came I was really impressed with the food! From what I heard this is the "Buffet" to try in Vegas. They have an excellent variety of foods and desserts. They have snow crabs, king crabs, steaks, prime ribs, beef wellingtons, chicken, fishes, pork, shrimps, mexican, italian, sushi, salad bar, dessert stations and much much more. If I would've reviewed this place the first time I came (just over a year ago), it would've been easily 5 stars. But my next visits it was kinda disappointing. Meats weren't great, food tasted bland, and not very enjoyable as my first time. I probably won't be coming back to this buffet anymore unless something lures me in.. . Also, expect to wait in line for a solid 30 minutes!
There's a large variety of food to pick from and it's mostly good. We usually eat at this buffet every time we go to Vegas because it's one of the better ones.  This trip however I started noticing how old it's getting. The booths are getting really worn and dirty. But what I really noticed were areas in the buffet that reek of a sour smell. It was most noticeable in the sushi area. Sort of gave me some hesitation on whether to continue to eat and risk some sort of stomach ailment. Luckily nothing happened.
We went to the Bellagio Buffet this weekend filled with memories of a super experience the last time we were in Vegas.  Perhaps it was because last time we were there for breakfast and this time we went for dinner - but it was just missing something.  Nothing I ate really struck me as delicious.  The prime rib was a bit bland and not very tender, the mashed potatoes were runny, the pastas were mediocre (the beef ravioli - blech!), the sushi was dry, and the desserts were just ok.  I ate a bunch of crab legs which were pretty good and made me feel like I didn't just throw away $40 on dinner, but overall I was let down by the experience.  I think breakfast may be the way to go here.  I will try another buffet the next time I am in Vegas.
Good lunch buffet but a few odd annoyances knock it down a star. First, why were we waiting for a table when over half the tables in the buffet were empty? On the plus side I suppose that wait gave me time to get hungrier. . . As for the buffet itself, the steak is excellent and the star of the show along with the BBQ pork ribs. There are also salad, bread, Asian, and sushi stations. All are worth a try but I mostly ate the meat rather than filling up on bread. The shrimp cocktail was excellent once it finally came but I was shrimp less for nearly the entire time as they were redoing the ice used in displaying the shrimp. I get that has to be done, but does that really justify closing the shrimp station for nearly an hour at lunch? The desserts are good as well, but I saw some jackass drop the tongs on the floor and put them back on the buffet. I noticed this and turned the tongs in to the buffet guy who replaced them, yuck. I was thisclose to eating a strawberry tart with a side of shoe dirt.. . I enjoyed this buffet and will be back, hopefully with shrimp available the whole time. My wife was horrified by how much food I ate so either that means the food was good or she thinks I'm a pig, not sure I want the answer to that one.
Disclaimer: I do not eat seafood. If you are a huge seafood fan, this place will definitely be a 4 star, maybe even a 5 star for you. . . The Buffet at the Bellagio is very, very seafood heavy. I realize a lot of people love this aspect, and my boyfriend definitely enjoyed his king crab legs, sashimi, and other seafood dishes. But even for him, this was not the best Buffet experience. . . Overall, I thought it was a bit small. There wasn't a plethora of options, and overall I was not impressed with most of the food that I tried. . . I did enjoy the prime rib, which I was excited about. The turkey and mashed potatoes were pretty good too. The Asian and Italian dishes were all awful, and I tried multiple ones. The pizza did not look appealing at all. . . The saving grace was the taco bar and the dessert options. I especially enjoyed the chocolate eclairs and tiramisu. . . Also, despite the location at Bellagio, I felt that the Buffet decor was a bit dated and I was not impressed with it. . . Service was good though, and the price was reasonable. All in all though, I wouldn't go back. If you are a fan of seafood though, I would suggest checking it out.
Had lunch here the other day and it was ok. Not worth the $22 price tag, imo, but we had a comp, so for free it was fine.. . I had high expectations because of reviews and the fact that it is Bellagio, so maybe I just expected too much. . . Break down:. . Mashed potatoes and gravy were delicious, lol,. . Salmon was good. . Fried rice was very dried out (and we were there right at the startof lunch) . . Sliders were very rare. . Potato salad had super strong mustard seed seasonings (not my thing). . Pizza was fine. . Cheesecake desserts were yummy. . Pumpkin pie was not. . To me it didn't seem much better than a $10-$12 buffet, but you are paying twice that amount. I think Caesars buffet is a thousand times better and in the same price range. I wouldn't go again, unless it was a comp.
Second time I have been to the Bellagio Buffet for lunch. Line took 30-45 mins on Saturday at 1:30pm surprisingly. The food has gotten considerably better since the last time I went. The selection here is slightly more than what Aria offers. It can be a bit misleading because the buffet is slightly mirrored so that one half has repeated items as the other side. The price is more expensive than Aria Buffet as well ($35 vs $25) approximately.. . Pros:. - They have all you can eat shrimp cocktails. This is a good value for your money.. - Wide variety of foods from sushi, pasta, asian cuisine, seafood, fruits, desserts, etc.. - For ~$12 more, you can have all you can drink wines and certain mixed drinks like mimosas. . . Cons:. - Personally, I don't enjoy the old feel of the place. Our table was wobbly and the wallpaper was faded. Aria was much more modern but then again, Aria was built more recently.. - I was really disappointed at the wonton soup. There was a separate dish of shumai next to it and the wontons were literally shumais in bland soup. Quite embarrassing really.. - Dessert selection was okay. Nothing very unique like cookies and fruit tarts.
Oh Bellagio! . . I have been wanting to try this buffet for the longest time. Ever since I started coming to vegas a few years back, I kept hearing about how good this place was. Well for brunch this past weekend, I must say I was just a tad bit disappointed.. . For $29.99 the price was pretty decent for a vegas buffet.. however, with that said, what you got was pretty mediocre.. . They had all the standard breakfast foods, sausages, bacon, eggs, waffles etc, but nothing fancy smancy. Like Jon B. said in his review, the food was just really average nothing more, nothing less.. . With the price, you get an average selection of breakfast food, some dim sum selections, prime rib, cocktail shrimp,  smoked ham and turkey, pastries, etc. There was a small sushi area with hand rolled spicy salmon which was probably the gem of the buffet. Otherwise, everything was just a bit forgettable in my opinion. . . . Definitely not the best buffet in vegas, but not the worst either.
It doesn't live up to the hype.  The variety was decent and prime rib and lamb chops were good, but quality was overall lackluster.
Did the buffet at the B this weekend.  Normally, Hubby and I don't do buffets because we aren't big eaters, but we had time to kill, and decided to cross this off our bucket list.  Only had to wait 30 minutes before being seated for the luncheon buffet (12:30 pm).  Not bad.  We had a very enthusiastic server that brought beverages and advised on us what to try.. . True to Tony Bordain's admonitions, we avoided the salads -- too much of a filler, and after all, what is so exotic about a salad?  Of course, they did have a lot of interesting toppings and I am such a sucker for potato salad, but Hubby dissuaded me and off we went to the main events.. . Foie gras!  It was there in the Wellington.  We also sampled the lamb (nice and rare).  They were offering some delicious roasted baby veggies with truffles (couldn't taste them - but what the heck!) and house-made pastas.  We did not go for the crab and shrimp, but got our fix of oysters, clams, and mussels....and our fill of sea bass!. . Since there are so many other posts, won't go into details but will advise those coming here for the first time to:. . 1.  Just get in line and quite whining about the wait.  It's Vegas.... 2.  Quite whining about the cost...with all the waiting, you are actually saving money because you aren't gambling it away.. 3.  Do slip a few bills to your server and ask nicely if they would get you bottled water and 'nicer' drinks...our's did!. 4.  Definitely take your time to do some recon before loading up the plate.. 5.  As Uncle Tony advised - avoid salads....while you're at it, avoid all the standard carving stations and go for the unusual ones.. 6.  The Asian items are 'meh' -- save your plate, stomach, and limited capacity to pig out on better items (for Asian - go off the strip to some local Asian dives!). 7.  Don't bother with desserts - go back and get some more sea bass!. 8.  Cross this off your bucket list.
The wait is not as bad as it used to be. The food is always fresh. I like that when I have them make me a spicy tuna handroll, I can ask for little or no rice. They serve the crab legs here over ice, but you can have them heat it up for you. There's always a decent variety of desserts. I would say that this place did get booted from one of my favorite buffet spots ever since Bacchanal opened. I would stick to only going here for dinner because the lunch selection is pretty limited. Servers are always great. I can't say the same about the front of house staff.. . During one of our visits in June '12. I rolled up in a group of 10, and the rude hostess (her name was Marlene) was annoyed that we had a line pass to bypass the line. I was staying at MGM that time and they somehow accidently deleted my card on file during check-in so I had issues charging to the room, which rude Marlene started taunting me about and talking shit. Yes, I may look young and we may have looked like broke punkass kids, but fuck you bitch! I quickly shut her up when I just decided to pay the entire bill in cash. It was brought to the attention of a manager, but there was no follow-up so I'm not sure if rude Marlene was reprimanded or not.
I like this buffet. Lots of choices. Good food. Clean place. Good staff. Although the wait is long for what it is. I'm ok with it. The food is pretty decent. Dessert station is ok. I wish there would be more options or something unique to remember them by like other high end Vegas buffets, but can't really complain. There are better buffets around now on the strip. Used to be a top contender but getting out dated. Needs some sprucing up, menu re-vamping. Staff is GREAT THO! Very nice, quick, accommodating! I'd give staff alone 5/5.
The place is fine but definitely not outstanding.  I was not impressed by any single item. However it does have a large selection of fruits and deserts.  I don't understand the concept of ice-cold crab legs in Vegas. You can literally chew ice crystals from these crab legs, not a huge fan. In my opinion, this buffet is not the best but not the worst either.
We had the breakfast buffet...nothing to write home about. I was not impressed, and expected better from the Bellagio.
We ate here 8 years ago and man was it great and memorable.  Now 8 years later it seems The Buffet has had it's share of downfalls when it comes to the quality and taste of the food.. . Selections were a bit common and nothing that stood out from everyday fare.  Nice thing is that the prices have dropped tremendously.
This was my first time at The Buffet and I was looking forward to giving it a spin after hearing so many good things. Unfortunately I got sick. I'm not sure what did it, but two others in my group also weren't feeling too hot afterwards.. . I've been to around 7-8 buffets in Vegas, and in terms of selection and quality and taste The Buffet is up there but isn't the best for any. I'd probably rank it 4 stars but it loses a star for getting me and part of my crew sick.. . Worth the money and the lineups? Perhaps, but you have to be in the mood.
I was really looking forward to going to the buffet at the bellagio ever since seeing it on chow down countdown on travel channel. I had high expectations but was underwhelmed after the experience. The food was good but nothing super memorable. I say this and am harsh because for the price I was expecting way more. Maybe I shouldn't have had such high expectations? . Pictures attached
Thanks to my uncle who is a Vegas VIP of sorts, he treated us to dinner at the $50 holiday buffet. His status allowed us to bypass to the front of the line. Entering close to 10PM, we were told in line that dinner service would 10:20PM, however we word be able to stay until 11PM. The food was decent, much better then the Paris buffet that we tried in a past year. I enjoyed the wide variety of foods that they offered. The crab legs seemed popular but I chose not to try it. I did not care for their Kobe beef (most certainly false advertising) as it was tough and chewy. I would also pass on the ham which was dry and salty. However, the assortment of Asian inspired and Italian pasta dishes were savory, with the right amount of oily and creaminess respectively. I also enjoyed their peppermint cheesecake for dessert but was sad they already turned off their ice cream maker at that time. All in all, I was able to enjoy two of the three plates I had and that is enough to give this buffet a thumbs up.
