This club had a kind of weird vibe going on.  But that might be because it's Vegas and full of tourists or NYE. There are honest to god hookers here.  So guys -- if you want the path of least resistance, this is the place for you. Just hang around the stripper pole, and look for the chicks hanging upside down with no panties on.    . . The table service areas in Vegas are kind of irritating, and kill the vibe of wanting to dance, because there are a bunch of people sitting there staring. A couple of drinks, of course took care of that for me.   . . About half the crowd, I got the impression, had never been to a club before.  They went to LV and wanted the experience of going to a club...and they weren't really sure why.. just to stand and stare (or sit and stare as the table service crowd went). . I had a pretty good time though, and danced with a lot of girls, got hammered, chatted with lots of interesting folks.  But seriously people, if you don't like dancing, go to a lounge... or a park bench.
came here for a friends bday, didn't have to wait in line or pay cover...so i can't complain.  Nice club with good mix of folks, nice indoor/outdoor layout....good times. Agree with other folks who say its a mini version of XS.
The club was beautiful, clean, I liked the outdoor space by the waterfall. It wasn't overly jam packed even on the Saturday we went. Drinks are ridiculously expensive so spring for bottle service if you have enough people. Its a slightly older crowd so if you're 21 partying in Vegas, probably not your spot. The thing I liked least about this club, which I think is the most important, was the music. They play a mix with a lot of older music. Not a lot of beat to bump to
Meh.. . Why is this place so difficult to get into?  I have no problems getting into Surrender or XS, which are both vastly superior clubs in the first place.. The interior of this club is almost identical to the interior of XS, but smaller.  The crowd is also more diverse, that could be a good or a bad thing depending on how you want to look at it.  If you're Asian, and you've been to XS within the past couple years on a Saturday, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.  Go here if you're one of those people not looking for Asians, or you're better off sticking with XS if you are.. Tryst is not a bad club, but you could have 100% of the same experience, in the same club with less door drama at XS.
Tryst has this RIDICULOUS beautiful large water fall in the club on this little outside island thing.  It was really, really cool.  Since it was 40 degree and and raining, we didn't stay outside for too long, but I imagine in the summer it's pretty awesome.. . The dancers were taste-fully clothed, which is a change from other clubs, and general Vegasing I've seen.  It was nice that their boobs and ass weren't all up in everything.. . Beer was $11. I have no idea what the going rate of LV Club beer is, but $11 is freaking outrageous for a bud light.  . . The dance floor is pretty small, and everything is surrounded by VIP table service.  There's no were to sit or lean or not dance.  The security keeps you on the dance floor.  If you leave the dance floor and aren't going somewhere, security shuffles you back to the floor or tells you to keep walking.  . . Thankfully the music wasn't crazy loud, and we were able to somewhat talk to each other. . . I'm not an expert clubber, but the waterfall thing was pretty badass, other than that, it appeared to be a pretty typical night club.
41+ this is your spot.. . 21+ stay away. unless you know.... you like that kinda stuff.
I just went to Tryst Saturday 4/2/2011 and it was not at all what I expected.. I think I expected so much more as far as the music and services, def not a club I will visit again.. Pros:. The club is big and really nice in the inside. We got in free are promoter was really great. Drinks we of good quality. . Cons. The staff is rude one bumped all into my husband 3 times finally my husband turned around and said hey man a excuse me would be nice, the guy juat laughed and walked off. The guys wokrking the line for the guset list are rude and sexist my husband tried to wave one down to let him know we were on the list he completely ignored him, then when my sisiter waved him down he came over smiling and being flirty.. . The music was not all that the hip hop was all old and outdated it was mainly house music it reminded me of a rave. Many people like that lkind of music but for us who are more in to hip hop this is not the night club for us.. . They had the candles lit everywhere and people were so drunk hey were bumping them over and after being their only 30 min someone had already spilled wax all over my shes feet and the floor.
Ok the View of the waterfall makes it worth goin here at least once!But I like to try a different club or two everytime I come to Vegas,so I was kinda let down by the fact that this club has the EXACT SAME LAYOUT as XS! I mean exactly..theres a jus the minor details that make it different and the outside area of  XS is of course much bigger,but other than that its exactlyt he same! I wish they woulda got a lil more creative and created a totally different atmosphere here.Basically just a smaller XS. . . That doesnt mean its a bad spot tho,Dance floor is pretty big and they played a good mix of top 40,house and lil hip hop.Also they have somewhere to go out and sit down at wich Ive come to find is very rare in Vegas if you dont have table service. I dont know how you ladies do it wearin those heels,my feet were killin me in my stacey adams! lol Overall a nice club tho.Like I said,check it out at least once to see the beautiful waterfall on the patio area.
I have mixed feelings. Overall, Tryst is pretty. The bartenders were shmexy super nice ladies, and drinks were about avg for Vegas prices. . . What I don't like about Tryst - . . 1. Bouncers and door guys are kind of on a power trip and just rude - just like they are at most clubs in Vegas. Douchers.. . 2. The entire place is just stacked with tables - very little room for anything else besides a dance floor. My 4 girls and I were asked several times to move along - "Ladies, you can't stand here, please keep moving." After the 3rd time, we had to ask...uh, so WHERE can we STAND? So basically, you either get a table, shmooze your way into a table, stand at the bar or dance. Limited options if you don't want to dish out the cash for a table. . . 3. Music was unimpressive. Where the heck did house music come from and why do I dislike it so much? Yeah, I don't know either, but it's not for me.  . . Yeah, Tryst is ok. I think if we would have had a table we would have felt a little different. Ah well, still a great night in Vegas.
Tryst was good...a very awesome promoter got us in, and the inside is amazing! Beautiful river with this amazing ambiance. Music was wonderful--thank you, Mister DJ! Drinks were good as well and the dancers were hot! The crowd seemed older (25+), MANY bachelorette parties so there were definitely more girls than guys, and not many good looking dudes :\ I'd come here again with good company and some good looking men, but definitely not if I were looking for hotties. . . My only complaint is that the lady bouncer accused my friend of being drunk (she only took 1 shot) just because my friend knocked over a few glasses on a table, but she's naturally clumsy! The bouncer didn't even want to listen and just threw her out. Rude and stupid because my friend was completely coherent and serious the entire time we were trying to explain to the bouncer! Ugh.
The atmosphere is worth going at least once.  The waterfall is beautiful. The DJ was fun and played great music 90% of the time. There was no where to sit unless you reserve a table. Dancers are bored with their jobs. The drinks are weak at best. Both sets of shots we ordered were made with juice everytime. After $80 in shots and regular drink and no result definitely pregaming next time. But the bartender's were beautiful.
Came here a couple of times, I came here last week and I have to say that it was way too crowded and the drinks mixed sucked. The bartender was very rude. I asked for a coke with my drink and she literally gave us maybe 3 table spoons of it.
This place is okay, it's so small compared to other places in Vegas. The dance floor gets crowded with very little room to move and the bouncers by the entrance/exit to the dance floor don't even give you a second to get your way through the walk way before they start yelling for you to move out of the way, how rude!. . The only good thing about coming here was the free hook up to get in & get 2 free drinks! Also, the short wait in line, especially with a group of girls :)
I fucking hate clubs.  I really do.  . . That being said, this place is more on the tolerable side, mostly because of the outside area out back.  There's a pretty sweet waterfall and an open deck where people can dance/talk/daterape or whatever it is people do at clubs when they're not trying to fingerbang the drunkest chick there.  20 dollars to get in for dudes, really long wait if you're not a girl, and drinks were expensive.  I mean really expensive.  As in fuck you expensive.
I'm basing my review solely on the club and not the terrible bouncers and security outside. They seriously made our lives hell considering the fact that we got bottle service. We had a group of about 20 but six of us went in 5 mins after the rest of our group because we had to use the bathroom. Security was well aware of this by the way. Once we got back from the bathroom, a security guard yelled at us for not having a stamp even though he knew we were in the bottle service group. We dropped $1600 to get yelled at? Screw you police academy drop out, get a real freaking job. . . Now for the club. We had an amazing time overall, even though our waitress was a joke. I've had better servers at a Denny's restaurant who don't get $300 tips. The DJ was great and the club had an awesome atmosphere. We literally were dancing at least 97% of the time and a good time was had by all. I seriously recommend that the management retrain their security and servers though. They should be happy to have groups of people drop their hard-earned money during this economy.
Because nightclubs come and go in Vegas, Tryst is currently like the older sibling of XS/Marquee, but still trying to party and be cool like them. . . I chose this place on our Vegas itinerary because most of the reviews said it wasn't all house/techno like XS; a mix of Top 40/Hip Hop. After waiting 15 minutes to get into the place for FREE thanks to my awesome host, we were greeted with 20 minutes of straight hip hop. Then, things were mostly house for the rest of the night. Kind of a letdown. The waterfall is nice though and I think we saw Portia de Rossi walk through.. . Just another place to say that you have been here.
This place is absolutely beautiful inside and the atmosphere is great..... but the music was not as amazing as I would have expected at one of the "it" spots in vegas. There was absolutely no variety, just straight techno/house for hours on end. . . Someone should remind the doormen at this club that they are DOORmen at a LAS VEGAS club that lost its steam a while ago. The doormen are pretentious, rude, and think they are too important to make human contact with you (why these people think they are cool.... I have no idea...) Come to LA you assholes and see how a nice club is really run.. . The "hostess" looked like a coke whore from 2001 who may have once had a promising career as a striper.... . . They let about 900 more people in than they probably should have which is why my girlfriend and her sister were almost decked 5 times by the riff raft that was let into this club...no elbow room, no dancing room...just claustrophobia. . . Go to Marquee....Tryst is a nice place but not worth the money and the tension headache to deal with the useless bouncers, and hordes of ugly people they let it.
I've been to Tryst a few times, and I'm pretty neutral about it. It's one of those clubs that you use to start a night off with. Skip the line and get drinks early for pregaming, then bounce to the other places. I've had a bunch of encounters with creepy and gross guys, so it's never been a club that I want to stay at for long. The set up of the venue is alright, a little too dark for my liking though. I do like how you have to go down stairs to enter the club, it seems a little more exclusive, and the entrance to the club is fun.
An Outsider's Review of Tryst. . I am not a "club-person." But this past weekend, I donned my heels and whorepaint and hit the dance floor at Tryst. A small disclaimer: I have nothing against dancing, I'm just more comfortable at a pub with a beer than on a dance floor with a drink ending in -tini. . . That being said, I had a bunch of fun at Tryst. I spent too much because of those cocktail waitresses and their $12 shots of fruity shooters. And because of the ladies behind the bar and their $16 AMFs. But hey, I didn't feel my feet aching too bad, which meant the lovely libations were doing the trick.. . Ladies get in free if you get in good with a promoter (just look for dudes with suits, sneakers, and cell phones loitering outside the club). Expensive drinks yeah, but it's Vegas. And you get to dance by a waterfall. You don't get to say that at the pub!
If you've never done the Vegas night club scene this is where you want to go but COUPLES beware this is not fun if you dont get yourself a booth. This is a singles place for sure. But, prepare yourself to have a much better time by shelling out the money. Pay extra to hop in the VIP line. We were staying at the Wynn so we could get in the guests line but it pays off (since this is one of the hottest night clubs right now)to get special treatment. I definitely recommend bottle service and booth if you go with a large crowd the atmosphere is dark, sexy and mysterious but crowded if you have no designated area.
hmm, what to do on a Thursday night in November?. . Go to XS? Boo, we got there and it was closed!!! So we ended going to Tryst as a second choice.  We arrived there around midnight, and got in without any problems--of course it was 6 girls! Once we walked down the stairs and got to the cashier, we were like "we're not going to pay $20/person!!" So we decided to leave the club, and then the guys who were managing the lines earlier stopped us and escorted us in for free! (yay to girls in Sin City!!). . I wonder how clubs get away with discrimination! So Sexist!!. . This was my second time at Tryst--nothing has changed since the last time I was here in 2009. I am just surprised how crowded it was on a Thursday night. I am not too sure the clubbers knew if Lil John was going to be there, but ,my girlfriend spotted him when he walked in!!! . . The decor is nice, and the waterfall where the DJ is makes it a lot nicer; w/o the waterfall, Tryst would just be any ordinary club in SF.
It's not as great as xs but me and my girlfriends have great memories here:)
Merrrr so apparently Tryst was the place to be on a Thursday night for my visit to Vegas so we decided to check it out. I wasn't impressed... . We were on the guest list but it still took sooooo long to get inside. The guest list line was just as long as the general admission line. I finally pulled one of the workers over, which took A LOT of effort btw,and asked what was going on and why we weren't going in even though we were on guest list. He immediately asked for the name of our promoter and walked us in. NEVER HURTS TO ASK!. . Maybe because it was the place to be which is why it was PACKEDDDD. I could barely walked anywhere. I felt bad for my girl friends, who trekked everywhere in their 4-5 inch heels. Poor souls.. Getting onto the dancefloor was virtually impossible and security was pushing us around to stay away from the tables... uhhhh can't help it.. seriously. . . Ok, yes the club is beautiful inside and the waterfall is ginormous and amazing to look at, but my group couldn't really handle the overwhelming crowd in such a small space. It got to the point where my friend couldn't handle the crowd and cramped area so we had to leave early and just hang out at the casino. I honestly would want to give this place another shot. Until next time!
This place is okay. It's a sexy club with red interior and a couple of stripper poles. My favorite part is the huge waterfall outside. It's beautiful and makes a great back drop for taking pictures. When I went the male bartender was painfully slow and seemed to have an attitude. The women bartenders were great. They play a mix of top 40 and house music and there's a big open dance floor for the size of the club. This club is much smaller than XS and Surrender and the crowd was just average. I would come here again if friends wanted to go but XS is still my favorite.
Attended Tryst on a Friday night in January. To sum up tryst in one word: average. Staff* was average, music was average, drinks, room, crowd: all average. Tryst has potential to be a great nightclub; it has a pretty cool space and plenty of room, unfortunately it's not being used properly.. . The dance floor is far too small. The night I came the dance floor and surrounding tables were packed, but the rest of the club was deserted. The outdoors area was literally empty. The club has too many VIP tables, most of which would be a waste of money as they are located very far away from the dance floor. The bar placement is decent, two bars located on the same wall, but an outdoor bar would be nice (there might be one that was closed on the night I attended). Bathrooms are well laid out and have plenty of room.. . Music was an odd but decent mix of top 40, electronic and some hip-hop. Sound system was pretty good. No real complaints on the music; once again: average.. . * There was a lady handling the line that physically pushed one of our guests, without warning, for being on the wrong side of the rope. Really uncalled for.
My girls and I came here because we needed a stamp in order to go to XS to see Afrojack perform. This club was packed also just like XS. The bars were hella packed. It took forever to get to the front. We tried both of the bars that they had open. going back and forth because it seemed like none of them were moving. The bartenders seemed to be working slow. She kept running out of things and then didn't know where the extras were, but then again there was a lot  of pressure on her.. . As I was walking, a guy walked past and part of my dress got caught on his button and he kept walking causing my dress to rip :( and this guy had the nerve to just walk away. no sorry no nothing. asshole! I knew I should have just wore a cheap dress from forever 21.. . Lil Jon was performing here, but we didn't see him. We left in order to get into XS to see Afrojack.
I usually went to Tryst Thursday nights (before Marquee opened) since I saved Fridays and Saturdays for XS, etc. . . As everyone says, Tryst is beautiful for its 90-foot tall waterfall. It's a smaller dancefloor compared to XS, and maybe comparable to Surrender's. Music is usually hip hop. So if that's your jam, go for it. For EDM heads (house/electronic dance), head over to XS or Surrender. . . Drinks are overpriced, no surprise. Pre-party in line/cab or be ready to spend $$$.. . Crowd is a little older (late 20's to even 40's). I've seen some oldies on the dance floor before, which should have made me feel uncomfortable but I was probably too intoxicated to care. It's usually pretty diverse as well. Whereas XS is impacted with tons of Asians. Depends on your taste, I suppose.
I was trying to get my promoter friend to get me and 5 other ppl into XS. I was told I had to go to Tryst first before getting a stamp to get into XS. I had to be at Tryst before 12:30am and I can get into XS at 1:30am. I figured why not, it's only an hour we have to kill. . . I wasn't very impressed with Tryst. I think the venue is quite small. I guess it's an older club. Everywhere you go it was packed. The dance floor? Forget about it. The patio was a joke. I didn't like the layout at all. I'm so glad I only had to spend an hour here. XS is so much better! But I guess it was worth it in the end, cuz we all got into XS in the end.
Okay, not my favorite club in Vegas but I love the waterfall outside!!! This place is kinda cool because it's smaller and more intimate but I go to Vegas for the big DJs and they don't seem to stop by here very much. Definitely preferred XS and Marquee to this place but still had a great time.
Oh Tryst, you were such a disappointment this weekend!! WHAT HAPPENED?!?. . Came here this past labor day weekend for DEADMAU5 and I was so disappointed!!! . . MUSIC: the dj was alright...played some good songs. Deadmau5....I didn't even make it to see him becuase I left to go see Steve Angello...though I heard he didn't even wear his hat..... . CROWD: now THIS was the BIG DISAPPOINTMENT! The crowd was really old, not very dance-y, and overall sort of boring. There weren't a lot of people actually dancing on the dancefloor and I guess it just wasn't my scene...this totally killed the mood . . BOUNCERS: not great, not extremely bad. Just a little mean this weekend...maybe they were grouchy because there were so many people there this weekend, but it definitely wasn't the best service I've had. . . Overall, big disappointment this weekend. I'm so glad my friend had an extra ticket for me at XS.
I am actually at a 3.5 rating for this club. It was actually pretty nice! The only reason why I can't bring myself to give a 4 is because there was no where to sit when my feet were killing me! I ended up sitting on the sides which was recommended by one of the bartenders when I asked if there was anywhere to sit (thanks btw). . . Another thing that was a drag was the second dj of the night. The first dj was mixing up different styles and I was really into it. I was there pretty early for Vegas standards (10pm) and ended up leaving by 12:30-1:00 because the second dj was killing my buzz. . . However, if you have the money and a group of friends willing to pitch in- get a booth!! The tables are lame, but at least you have chairs for the ladies wearing death heels. The club itself is really pretty and the outside is refreshing.. . Pricing: Ladies are free, and men are $20 on a guest list. No guest list will be about $30 for men, not sure for the ladies. So try to get on the promoters list. You will also be able to skip the line.. . I had a good time overall, but just wished the music was better. I may have caught an off night...
Tryst seems like it would be an ideal club to party at, but everytime I go there I am disappointed. Whether it's too crowded or too many guys there. At it's best it has some of the hottest girls in town there and great D.J.s, but I can't thoroughly enjoy it because of these issues.
The best night club at the Wynn was OK.  1st off, you have to TIP them or you'll be stuck in the long line.  Yeah, it's resulted in bribery.  The atmosphere is very nice with a beautiful Waterfall.  There's outdoor seating to appreciate waterfall, too bad it's over $1k to sit anywhere in the club - Bottle Service.  The dance floor is very small and over crowded.  I don't think they pay attention to the maximum occupancy.  If a Firefighter went in here, they'd close the place down.  2 Drinks for me cost close to $40.  The drink prices are ridiculous.
Dayum son, this place was literally a FIRE HAZARD!. . Let me tell you how to get into a club first of all. http://wantickets.com/ . Book mark that son! You don't need no stankin' promoter. Ladies you don't have to put out, fellas you don't have to dish out! Well let me rephrase that, you're going to need some type of debit/credit card for this site (my dude Alan Wong gave me that site, ladies he drives a Lexus!). We paid $30 and showed it to the people at Tryst. Didn't even have to wait! Anyway, go to that site, look for the venue (Tryst in this case), pre-pay that shit, charge it to the game (the game charges a lot in APR though), and vwallah! up in that bieeetch like VIP!. . To start off, we went here on New Year's weekend, so I was expecting it to be packed, but no to the point where if someone fell in the club, they would get stomped to death (didn't happen, but could have!). AFROJACK was playing here so I guess everyone was all hyped and shit when they hear that PEW, PEW music. Come to think of it, it was more like AFROPACKED cuz no one could move. Shit son, the freakin' Samoan bouncer dude was blocking people from entering the dance floor at midnight or so! Little did he know his big ass was taking up 5 spaces himself! I shouldn't be taking it out on the Samoan one in particular cuz the Bouncers didn't do anything but take up space at all.... . ON this night Tryst should have been called THIRST**, cuz there were some thirsty ass people here, men and women alike. I'm talkin' errybody's throats was hurtin' thirst. Ladies was lookin' right though. Everyone was real receptive this night. Matter of fact, I'll go as far as to say this place had an "STD" Rating of 5 out of 5. It was real +POSITIVE+ up in there. The mood and people alike. How do I know? Cuz when I was on the dance floor, and the hairs on my harm and neck stood up.. . Let me talk about the club real quick. Right when you walk in, there's a GIGANTIC-ASS waterfall, makes it look all nice. Just don't go chasing waterfalls, TLC told me that. Drinks was hella expensive too. 3 AMF's cost like $55. That had me saying F8CK you Afrojack all night.... . On some real shitttt, how come everytime they get some famous ass dude in a club, drink prices sky rocket!??? I didn't even get to see Afrojack, dude was performing at the end. I thought it was some young DJ the whole night that was Afrojack until they said, ya'll ready for Afrojack???? Then everybody (especially the white people) went crazy! Matter of fact, I Google Imaged Afrojack and I still don't know wtf he looks like.... . someone help me!!! . . I do like this place though, just needed to be less crowded. To me it felt like they just let as many people in as they could.. . **THIRST = REAL, REAL DESPERATE
Der Club Tryst befindet sich im Wynn Hotel am sudlichen Las Vegas Boulevard. Die Musik ist sehr laut. Am. besten hat uns der groe Wasserfall am Eingang gefallen. Die Ausstattung ist. luxurios, allerdings schon etwas abgenutzt. Die Preise sind nach meinem. Ermessen vollig uberteuert und in kleinster Weise angemessen. Ein Tisch mit. Bottle-Service fur 4 Personen hat uber 600 Dollar gekostet. Das hat wirklich keinen. Spa mehr gemacht. Deshalb erlaube ich mir, hier 2 Sterne wegen Wucher. abzuziehen. Ach so, jetzt werden viele fragen, warum ich denn dann nicht sofort. die Location verlassen habe  ganz einfach: Ich musste nicht zahlen.
Everytime I'm in Vegas, we always designate one night to Tryst located in Wynn hotel.  When you go as a group of ladies, they'll typically cut you to the front of line and no cover!  If you're a group of guys, expect to pay or tip the bouncers.. . The layout at Tryst is similar to XS, classy and elegant but much smaller.  Many tables surrounding the central dance floor and waterfall in the back.  We came here on a Thursday and the crowd was on the mature side (late 30s-40s) fairly early in the night 11PM but around 12, the younger crowd took over.  Mainly Caucasians, I think we were one of the few Asian groups.  One of the awesome things about Vegas is that you'll meet people from all around the world.  Had an amazing time; met a hot guy from Brazil :)  Overall, more girls than guys.  I've noticed that towards the end of the night ~3AM, the dance floor is all couples haha.  . . Music is OK, house music mixed with top 40, sometimes they'll play music that I've never heard in my life.  The gogo dancers looked bored which speaks volumes about the music.  Be on the lookout for promotions for XS and Tryst combo via Instagram or Twitter.  We went to Tryst early on Friday to get stamps and were escorted to XS later in the night.
This club was okay. The dance floor was pretty big and the bartenders were friendly. Pricing is cheaper than other clubs. I got on the guest list with my friends and we each got two free drinks which is almost unheard of during a busy weekend in Vegas. . . The waterfall and ambiance of the club is very nice. The heat lamps didn't seem to work very well, but there were lots of places to sit, including some very comfortable couches. . I got cold midway and snuck out early to go gamble. My friends had a great time. I would go again.. . PS Wynn is the prettiest casino ever.
A great pitstop to crash before heading out to where the real party is at aka Xs or Surrender, Tryst isn't exactly known for being the first choice of partygoers. However, one of my friends knew a promoter who hooked it up for our group of girls and we were able to get free admission to both Tryst and Xs and two free drink tickets for each girl. . . Honestly, we weren't here for very long and we just came here to fill up on drinks. The inside was very reminiscent of Xs in terms of interior decor to the point where it resembled the inside seating area and dance floor ofXs, minus the huge outside pool area.  While the dance floor is pretty small, it does overlook a gorgeous waterfall.. . The drink tickets allowed us well drinks of our choice and I decided to go with two Screwdrivers. One thing I have to give props to the bartenders is that they really don't skimp on the alcohol. The ratio of alcohol to juice was nearly half, so this got us tipsy quite quickly. . . We headed to the dance floor for a little bit and the energy of the crowd was sort of lively. There wasn't a really large crowd and most of the people seemed a little older. An option for those who aren't really into places where you end up packed like sardines, this seems like an acceptable alternative. . . However, compared to Xs, this place is really more like a lounge and I'm not sure why people would want to drop big bucks on getting a table here, unless all you want to do is chill and relax or drop less bucks. If you're with a group of girls looking to make the most of your Vegas trip, try to find a deal like the one I'm talking about here. Pre-gaming will be a little more fun.
I had a lot of fun here, but I would never pay a $30+ cover. Especially when the drinks inside are so expensive as well. Very pretty though! Fairly good music. Fairly spacious, lots of room for dancing, at least. The awkwardly standing off to the side space is kind of lacking. . .. . I got around the cover by texting a promoter who kept liking my photos on Instagram. Hashtag that shit and see what you can get for free. I got my friend and I on the guest list here, a free drink, and stamps to XS, which is also in the Wynn I think. Details are fuzzy, excuse me. The cover for XS is $50+ and that's just ridiculous. I'm basically only writing this review to give everyone the Instagram heads-up. Again, hashtag that shit and see what happens.(Although this will probably not work if you have a penis, sorry.)
Cool waterfall.  Pretty cheap if you come on a thursday.
Tryst popped my nightclub cherry when I turned 21 :) It's a posh, classy club and the outdoor area is pretty with a waterfall. I haven't been here in a long time but the music used to be pretty good. What I did notice after a while is that there seem to be quite a few middle-aged people who come here. For some reason Wynn/Encore seems to attract older people collectively. I'd never ever pay to get in here. The crowd is kinda weird... but I had some good times here.
Had a fun and crazy time here.  Although, not too crazy because I remember just enough to write a little about this place.. . As expected, the club was packed and the dance floor was crowded with wild and crazy people.  If you plan to be there several hours or more like our group of 10 people, then table service is recommended.  It gets expensive though.. . Overall, the ambiance was cool, music selection was fine, and we all had a good time.
First off this is a late review. Came here back in March. The experience here was not bad at all. Took the gf's parents here as it was their first time in vegas club scene. Got a comp'd table through my host (one of the reasons why I love vegas) and just had to pay $100 for my server (personal gratuity). Somehow they charged my card 3 times which caused it to lock up and took me forever to get it unlocked. Once we got all that cleared up, the bottle service was great, my host even moved us to a booth and everyone had a good time.. . The venue was pretty small, dancefloor was super small and if you didnt have a table, the bar line was horrible looking. It didn't have the vibe of a high end vegas club (think 1Oak). . . The club cleared out pretty fast once it hit 2am. They were pretty lenient here in regards to ppl randomly sitting out at the empty tables (big no-no at larger clubs like Marquee, XS, etc). With the exception of them locking up my credit card, it was a pretty good night. Would I ever come back here again? Probably not, unless it was just a chilled night with bottle service. Surrender would be the minimum spot for a club.
Went here on a Saturday night. Music was good. Place was packed, couldn't even walk through the crowds. Too crowded to get to bar for a drink. We left and went to Surrender which is also in Wynn. Much bigger place
Love the set-up, bummed as always if you don't have a table you can't sit ANYWHERE!. . That's how they get you though, ladies in heels, good luck.. . Guy wanted me to pay $1000 for a small 4 seated table outside when I had a party of six, screw that.  Don't know how the tables won't go on sale after they aren't all used...
Went on a Thursdays night and the place is beautiful.. . Crowd seemed to be of thee fist pumping suit wearing yuppies.. . music was not my style. . it gets pretty crowded in there and if your not in the mood for fist pumping and you don't have a table it might not be worth going. Every time me and my friends tried to stop and rest our feet there was a bouncer telling us we couldn't stand here or here or here... hmm so we chugged and walked out.. . If you are interested in what I mentioned above then you'll be fine, as for me im going to avoid Thursday's and possibly this place all together
Tryst is surprisingly a beautiful club in Vegas. As a guy in his 20's, you don't really hear about Tryst as much as you hear about the other clubs. The setup of Tryst is very similar to XS. Decent sized dance floor with VIP tables placed around the dance area. The waterfall that they have is pretty random, but it looks beautiful. The crowd here is in their mid twenties on up. . . **If you are a girl you can get in for free if you meet a promoter. The promoter will also most likely give you tickets for free drinks which is always a plus since some clubs will only offer you free champagne. . . Personally, I prefer some of the other clubs in Vegas, but this is a decent venue if you need a different scene versus your normal clubs that you go to.
After the trying to go for bottle service at a different club, we ended up coming to Tryst since the other club had sold out of tables.. . The DJ played a good mix of music, and we had a good time in our area.  Since we got there late (after 1:00am), we got a way towards the back table outside near the waterfall.  Luckily, we were moved to a much better location a few minutes later.  My friend had to hook up the VIP manager to move us back inside if you know what I mean.... . Not sure what drinks cost, but bottles were around $350-450.  Ended up being $1500 for three bottles, tax and tip, which is what we expected with eight guys in our party.  We all pitched in and had a great time.  . . Fun place to come for the club.  Probably not going to be the amount of eye candy that you would expect (for the fellas) at other, newer clubs, but fun nonetheless.
