My ramen noodles weren't cooked all of the way and I'm too shy to say something...  It was raw and unenjoyable. I've been a big japanese ramen fan ever since Naruto and trust me, I am not too critical about it because it's usually awesome. The cha shu pork slices are fatty and rich in butter. I don't really enjoy that but some people do! The tonkotsu broth is the best part. The wait is ridiculous and the menu is like a customizable kind of thing.  I like Yokohama Kaigenro a lot better, try it out before your overrate this place! :)
So we were in Las Vegas and heard of this fantastic Ramen house.  We came, we tried, and it was ok.  The portions are small.  For me it's small and for anyone that's used to eatting in Los Angeles Ramen houses its small.  I was not full at all from eatting here.  The price was ok.  I guess if you are in LV and want Ramen you don't have much choice.  If you ever go to Los Angeles, go to Little Tokyo Ramen houses!  It's A LOT better.  Honestly I couldn't believe this place was so packed.  Makes me want to move out here and start a Ramen place.
Ramen is like my staple...If I could only choose one thing to eat for the rest of my life, it'd probably be noodles.  With that said, I will admit I am kind of picky when it comes to ramen.. . This place is located near the Chinatown center off the strip.  It's really easy to find and I was really craving some noodles!  It's a cute little joint with super Japanesey workers.  It smells pretty amazing when you walk in, and the menu is small which is nice :)  . . I had the Tonkotsu Ramen (it's their most popular) with an order of gyoza.  The broth is a little bit on the thicker side but not bad ( a tad heavy on the salt). It definitely tastes better if you sprinkle some of the spicy powder on top.  Personally for me, the noodles weren't anything special.  The gyoza was very disappointing for me as well...I didn't even finish it.. . The service was good and the food was alright.  Overall, if you're really craving ramen this place will do the job, but I don't know if I'd call it slurp it up good.
Very nice noodle house.  Good service, quaint layout, and the price can't be beat.. . I'm struggling giving it another star because I noticed somethings in the 20 minutes I was there to make you go hmmmm.  You heard me 20 minutes to get in, order a shoyu ramen and asahi and get out.  Can't beat that for efficiency.. . Menu is straight and to the point, if you are not here for Ramen, go somewhere else.  Broths are Tonkatsu, Shoyu, and Miso.  Shoyu is the base for me (kinda like vanilla ice cream).  Soup comes standard with a few thin slices of roast pork, green onions, bamboo shoots, and some seaweed.  The noodles were decent but not homemade, very stock machine made ramen.  I like my ramen al dente, these were not.  I did add the pat of butter for $.50 which was a nice addition, but totally over priced.. . Sat at the bar so had full view of kitchen and how things were prepared.  Didn't like how the cooks did not sanitize very well, bare hands on food doesn't bother me, but when you grab an egg and some  pork slices, I'd like to see you wash them hands before moving on to the next order.  Also noticed their Kim Chee was out of a bottle, which they could have done a better job at concealing if they kept it towards the back.. . If you are looking for a nice spot to get your ramen on, I would totally suggest going here.  Keep your party to 4 or less otherwise it would be a stretch to find seating for everyone.
Before i get flamed on giving this place only two starts let me explain why to me it deserves three stars.. . I was a US Marine stationed overseas on mainland Japan for three years. During those three years i've had the opportunity to eat sushi, ramen, bento bowls, curries, udon, miso soups, and other foods of Japanese origins they way they make it and the way they eat it.. . The ramen that is offered here is a step above instant ramen but is FAR from authentic. . . The broths are noticeably lighter and less flavorful from authentic, the noodles are in the middle, they're close but dont have the right texture, sides such as meats are too fatty but seasoned better then authentic ramen.. . The biggest difference is the price. Here a bowl of ramen runs from 6.25 to 7.something which isnt bad but it's the sides that get you back. 1.50 for a hard boiled egg? 1.50 for a spoon full of pickled mustard greens? 2.50 for extra noodles?. . Back in downtown Iwakuni a bowl of ramen, a side of goyza, and a plate of kimchi fried rice was only about 700ish yen back in 2006ish. Who would have figured five years later i'd pay double the cash to have a sixteenth a meal...
I took the advice of my fellow Yelpers and tried this place out.  I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen and I enjoyed the soup and the Char Siu pork in it but there was something missing when it came to the flavor of the Ramen.  The noodles had a pleasant texture but it got lost in the other flavors.  I'm used to having a Ramen that still reminded you it was still the reason you were eating Ramen in the first place, not a strong flavor but something.  Anyway, If I'm in the mood for Ramen, I'd still go here.  Haven't found any other Ramen places to try.
The broth they use is spot on. The noodles tasted packaged. And the gyoza were definitely frozen. But its all worth a trip to this tiny little noodle house.
Monta does Ramen well.  Nice to find a place like this in Vegas. These places are all over the place in Torrance so the 3 stars..  If this is the only Ramen place in LV, then I'll give them 4+
I think I had my hopes set very high for this place because of all the wonderful reviews; however, it actually did not impress me. =/ . . The food is definitely good (not the best ramen I've ever had, but definitely tasty). I am a HUGE ramen fanatic so I would certainly recommend coming here for a bowl of noodle soup or their excellent fried rice; however, do not let the prices on the menu deceive you! It only APPEARS like you are eating a quality meal for cheap; however, if you upgrade your food to the way you want it (extra noodles, toppings, etc.), it actually comes out to more $$ than you'd expect to pay for a ramen place. The bill came out to almost $40 between 3 people, which for a ramen place is HUGE! . . The service was below mediocre. They weren't attentive and they kept forgetting to bring some essentials... like water, soft drink, etc.. We did not go at a busy time, so unfortunately they had no excuse. . . My friend keeps wanting to go back for their fried rice and I wouldn't mind going back to try a different bowl of ramen either :). Just don't go here thinking you'll have the best ramen and service in town from of all the other yelp and magazine reviews, because then you will end up being disappointed like me... Just come here hoping to have some good food and if you have a large appetite, be prepared to spend extra $$ than you expected.
We were tired of fine dining and buffets so we decided to head to Chinatown for Monta. They have a very simple menu with 3 types of ramen: shoyu, tonkotsu, miso (typical selection) ranging from $6.95-7.50. You also have the option of adding more noodles and toppings for $0.75 -$1.50. They also had gyoza, pork rice bowls, and fried rice. Service was nice and speedy. You can tell the girls here were used to dealing with the crowds.. . We tried the tonkotsu ramen and the kim chi fried rice.  Overall the ramen was quite flavorful but the flavors don't compare to our favorite ramen place in San Diego at Izakaya Masa. Monta noodles are much thinner but not mushy or al dente (the way we like). It's served with a couple slice of pork, Asian mushrooms, and bamboo shoots. But I do like that they have pickled ginger and minced garlic jars out for self service.  The fried rice was decent but unremarkable.($6.95). . Overall, a good dining experience with reasonable prices. However, the restaurant is really small. There are only 5 small tables plus a L-shaped bar area for 8, so I would return only with small groups to avoid a long wait.
Ok so we went to Monta on a recommendation from a friend that is would absolutely re-define ramen for me, so me and the Fiancee go to monta and check it out (also forgot to metion that i brought other friends to try it out from the bay area so our party was a total of 9) when we got there we had to wait, the capacity of that place is 26 @_@ wow.. . needless to say we were going to take up almost half the restaurant, we waited about 45 minutes and then we were sat. The menu is very simple...pick your broth (tonkotsu, shoyu or miso) and then you are off. The food made it to the table fast, but was not impressed by the flavor nor having to pay per item to make my bowl complete.. . so needles to say i would recommend you try it and put your comments up to let people know what to expect before going there. NO one in my party was floored by the flavor and the wait staff was very slow at refilling
Good service here, the girl is nice and speedy.  The miso ramen is toooooo salty, but still tastes good. The portions are OK as well, but the price is def a little higher than what I would want to pay for gourmet ramen. Will try again though
Ok, gave this place another try and I still have to say I'm not a devotee. . . I did enjoy the ramen quite a bit, I daresay a little more than on my first visit. I got the tonkatsu and this time I avoided the mustard greens hoping to reduce the salty taste. Pretty good, but the broth is still a little too salty for me. My fella loved it and he'd probably give it a higher rating, so maybe it's just me.. . It'll still be my go-to place for ramen in town though.
Since my mother is from Japan, I have eaten a lot of ramen in my life. I also admit that I am pretty picky when it comes to good ramen. . . My husband and I finally decided to try Monta. We heard from a few friends that this was one of the best noodle houses in town. We stopped in on a Monday at around 12:30 pm. It was crowded, but we were able to get seated right away since a few parties left at the same time. The restaurant is really tiny. I saw the sign on the wall that said the seating capacity was only 26 people. We sat at the bar, which was kind of cool because I got to the see the employees preparing the ramen in their kitchen. . . Sadly, I was disappointed. I ordered the Shoyu Ramen. I'm not sure if we just came in on a bad day, but I thought the noodles were too hard and the broth didn't have much flavor at all. Also thought the Chasu was weird. It was easy to eat because it was sliced very thin, but I did not like that slimy ring of fat around it. My husband felt the same way about his Tonkatsu Ramen. . . Service was not the best either. The employees were slow with drink refills and they seemed to be more attentive to the larger parties in the restaurant. We waited a long time for our bill after eating.. . Sorry, but this place just does not live up to all the hype. I would prefer having ramen across the street at Shuseki.
My first experience at Monta wasn't very good despite all the gleaming reviews I've read. The tonkatsu ramen tasted slightly gamy and was way too salty. I gave them another shot and it was a lot better. Gone was the gamy flavor of the broth. It was good but not amazing, in my opinion. Not the kind of broth you want to drink up. The chashu pork had a slightly smoky flavor and was OK. The nice wait staff and the cheap ramen help me see the attraction to this place. However, compared to other ramen places, I don't believe Monta's ramen stands out in presentation and flavor.
The place is pack within few minutes from opening. Lucky us, we get here 5 minutes before opening.  Ramen are so-so...I've tried better ones. Not too much selections on the toppings.
I took my friend Gerald here when he said he was itching for ramen. At first, I was going to take him to Togishi Ramen (how come I didn't know this place was closed!?!? I'm sooo sad!) but once I discovered that it was closed, we tried this place on a recommendation from a friend. For me, this was my second attempt at this place because the first time it was packed. There's a little bench in front of the restaurant that had at least four people sitting on it and three more people waiting. . . When we got there, we were seated immediately. The place was very small and tight, but there was definitely a Japanese feel to it. I ordered the Shoyu ramen with cha shu pork and green onions. Gerald had the same thing but instead of the green onions, he added a soft boiled egg (after I saw his, I wanted an egg too!!!) The service was quick, pleasant and honestly, was what was expected. I was not disappointed. . As for my ramen...it was delicious!!! It was the perfect temperature, had just enough flavor and hit the spot!! I only had two disappointments: . . 1) The limited menu - I enjoyed what I had, but I think I would have liked to see more choices. . 2) Feeling rushed - not by the staff, but by the people who were waiting. They just stood by my table and I felt like they were rushing us because their party was seated right next to me. Not the restaurant's fault, but perhaps they should come up with a seating system or take reservations for large parties or peak periods. . . I will definitely try this place again! I give my ramen 4 stars, but until I try something else on their menu, I'll stick with my 3. Yummy ramen if you're craving it!
My husband and I went to NY and had the famous Ippudo Ramen Noodles (you have to wait approx two hours there).. . So when we got back to Las Vegas, we were raving it and was looking for a place in Vegas that does handmade Ramen Noodles. And this isnt like the ramen that is .$50 for a box... these are great! I will not be able to eat noodles the same way again!. . My husband and I have had their  Tonkotsu Ramen & their Shoyu ramen. You can also add extra noodles for $2 more... if you save your soup and ask for "Kaedama.". . Be careful... it is a small place... so they don't do big parties or reservations... and there can be a long wait around the evening hours.
yum yum yum! this place is a solid 3.5 star! i can't say that they were comparable to all the A+ ramen joints i've been to back home, but for vegas after a long tiring day ....?? it was godly!. . we came in with a  party of 5 and were seated pretty much right away. we quickly ordered and our food came out immediately!  Piping hot with a nice flavorful broth! since it was all hot and humid outside, i wanted to take it down a notch with the richness of the broth, so i ordered my ramen with "less sodium/lighter broth" and it was still very delicious. it was also a nice change from the regular thick broth that my ramen usually comes in. . . the place is pretty small but i dont think a whole lot of people know about it, especially visitors to vegas. definitely stop by when you're in the area if you want a good meal!
Went to monta noodle ... try it ...i think its decent but not supper impressing me ... lil cheap on meat aye ,,,, the broth is ok ... a touch more salt than it needed ... lack a lil nature sweetness ( maybe more bone and vegie to bring out sweetness) ... overall i would give it a 6 out of 10 ...
It was 105 degrees outside. . . TURN THE FRICKIN' A/C UP DAMMIT!!!. . My buddy and I wandered in here for our last meal in Vegas before heading home for LA. Read some positive reviews so we decided to check it out.. . Service was very nice and friendly, I'd give it a 4. My miso ramenwas pretty good but nothing extraordinary. I'll give them the benefit of the doubt and go with a 4 though. My friend had the tonkotsu and didn't really like it because it came with thin noodles (won ton noodle type) which he wasn't expecting. So just a heads up for anyone who is concerned about that sort of thing.. . But the big kicker was that whoever runs the place has the temp dialed up to an abnormally warm level. We sat there the whole meal with sweat running off our foreheads and trying to fan ourselves with our shirts. Just on this issue alone I would not go back. We really couldn't finish up our food fast enough to get out of the restaurant and back into the car so we could turn on some A/C! Totally ruined the experience for us and this part gets the establishment a 2 in my book. . . So YMMV but I would not go unless it's nightime... or winter.
For a place that's doing so well and getting to be extremely popular, you think they'd have more capabilities to upgrade their AC system or even turn it up a few notches... . . But nope! Located in Las Vegas, over 100* in the summer and serving nothing but boiling soup AND an open kitchen that lets heat from the stove circulate throughout the extremely small dining area...Monta is a great place to dine in the winter, but in the summer, you'd have to eat it with struggle. I'd hate to give it less than 4 stars because of its environment, since the food is delicious, but Monta is one of those places where it's really a diamond in the rough, and it will eventually affect the way you feel about the meal overall.. . The restaurant itself is very tiny. It sits up to around 30 people max and because of its popularity, it is always packed. They have about 10 items on their menu only, with 4-5 of it being their specialty noodles. The broth here is superb, especially their miso flavored ramen. It is very rich and buttery in taste. The soup is not salty at all, and their noodles are extremely fresh and chewable. It is almost uniquely sweet when you bite into them. The char siu pork that comes with the noodles (japanese pork with soy on the outer skin and slow BBQ) is delicious. The meat is thinly sliced and fatty at the same time. When you bite into it, with the combination of the buttery taste of the broth, you will get an almost guilty sensation of rich flavors. It is really worth the experience, if you can deal with the heat. . . Monta gives you the option of adding extra items into your ramen, each of it having a charge from like .50 to $3 ... The only thing that is worth the extra charge (since I ordered it all before-- not worth it!) is the boiled egg, butter, and extra char siu. Everything else will just overwhelm your soup and by the time you're done eating half.. the soup will be soggy and floating with stuff in it. . . Just beware though, the standard price starts off at like 6.95.. But  if you get carried away with the extra sides... your ramen can come out to about $14 without you even realizing it!
Ramen just sounds perfect after a weekend of binging in Vegas. The ramen was "A-OK", I was not a huge fan of the noodles, the broth was good and they were kinda stingy with the pork. Monta was average compared to ramen places I have been to in the Los Angeles/Orange County area but I left content and ready for the drive home.
Kinda mediocre, not very deep flavor to the broth. I like that you can customize with various items such as corn, green onions (.75 cents), egg... http://s3-media1.px.yelpcdn.com/photo/5vh0Gt5cyP3QbFrc7w_e3g/l.jpg. I don't think I'd come here again.
Great place to get a flavorful meal under $10. I got the tonkatsu ramen and a bottled water. Ramen was good, but I'll have to remember to get extra pork next time. Service was great. Food came out right away. It was another lunch for 1, and it wasn't so bad. I was in and out of there within 30 or so minutes (around 4pm on a Monday).
Tried their Tonkotsu Ramen Noodles w/ shredded green onions, Kim Chee, and Calpico soft drink.. . "OK USA!" - Bloodsport. aka Not bad.
It was ok.  We all got the tonkotsu shoyu, I guess we all though that was the most flavorful combination.  Well it wasn't.  I think miso usually is the strongest flavor unless you have some serious broth.  But their broth is a bit lighter.  Combined with Shoyu it was just saltly I guess.  Not very complex flavors.  The gyo za is average.  Doubt they make it themselves.  Probably try the miso instead of the tonkotsu shoyu if I ever come again.  Not a bad place, especially considering vegas, but overall not the best.
This is the ONLY place in Vegas that is close to what we have in San Diego, the infamous Tajima.. . It's good, but I think it's because I have no other choices lol. The noodles taste like they came out of a bag that says "TOP RAMEN", no eggy taste at all and the broth could stand to see LESS salt. And I don't mean to be so negative but really, nothing compares to what we have back in SD.. . I like Monta, it's perfect when you need a ramen fix.
Before I finally tried this place, a couple people told me this was the best noodles in Vegas. I has the T. Shoyu noodles & Takana fried rice. Both were filling & okay, but I thought pho was more satisfying. Don't think I'll be back. I tried seeing if they had siracha hot sauce, but the server ignored me. These are only my opinions, perhaps many others think Monta is one of the best as well.
I used to love this place and somehow the BF one day didn't want to go. He gets that way. Either burns out or just finds the taste odd somehow. I didn't get it and have been thinking about a nice bowl of soup. . . So I convinced him to pleaaasseee come and eat something else than the soup.. . I got the shoyu-tonkatsu and my taste has changed. It was just too salty for me now.  I took the noodles and didn't drink the broth.  I had a massive headache immediately after and drank a ton of water. Owies. Since I've gone and cut out processed foods I think I've become sensitive to high sodium. . . The cold noodle salad was still pretty good to me though and I took a bite of pork belly bowl which is still one of the yummiest things on rice.. . I just can't see myself coming back very often unless I want some cold noodles.
**3.5 Stars**. . Located conveniently next to Raku on the outskirts of Las Vegas Chinatown, Monta is the latest darling in the Vegas foodie scene and follows the popular ramen trend that has already hit LA, NYC, and the Bay Area.  . . Authentically Japanese owned and frequented by many Japanese during our visit, Monta offers shoyu, tonkotsu, and miso broths.  Tonkotsu appears to be their most popular offering and bowls start at a reasonable $6.95.  Each bowl comes with two pieces of chashu, green onions, and some bamboo shoots.  . . Overall, the bowls are on the small side and toppings a bit sparse than other top places I've frequented.  Corn, butter, Kim Chee, and a hard boiled, not soft boiled, egg can be added.  . . Broth flavor was good though a tad salty and one noted compared to the more complex broths I love at Santouka.   The noodles are fresh but thin reminding me of the fresh made noodles at Maru Ichi in the Bay Area. I personally like thicker noodles like Orenchi in Sunnyvale.. . Service, due to the small spaceand crowds, can feel a bit rushed and they initially forgot our drink orders.  No biggie and quickly fixed.  . . Monta is a nice addition to the ramen scene but with minimally topped bowls and solid broths, ramen aficionados will likely have tried more polished ramen parlors in SoCal and NorCal.  . . Monta doesn't accept credit cards and is cash only.
I found the tonkotsu shoyu ramen a little too salty for my taste, but decent overall. We tried to go again a few times but it was too crowded with at least 19 parties ahead of us. I am not that crazy for ramen to wait 2+ hours :-/ our 45 minute wait must've been a rare moment, on a Wednesday afternoon. . . On weekends? Forget about it.
I was told the cold noodles were awesome but they were just okay in my book.. . I went up to use the restroom and the waiters thought I was done even though like half of my food was still left. By the time I went back they had cleared away my plate and I was still hungry =*(.
3.5 star.  We ordered the shoyu and a tonutusku-shoyu ramen.  The mixed tonutusku-shoyu ramen tasted way better than the regular shoyu.  The shoyu tasted like soy sauce in water; I know shoyu means soy sauce, but every other place where I eat shoyu ramen, it didn't actually taste that way.  The tonuskutu-shoyu had at least some richness to it.  The noodles tasted ok, if I only ate the tonuskutu-shoyu, I would of given it 4 stars, but because of the shoyu broth, I am giving it a 3.5.
3.5. . Head off the strip into Chinatown for some good ramen.  We arrived at Monta only 30 minutes after it opened and were already facing a long line of hungry locals.  As with many ramen shops, it is very small and seating is limited to tables and the counter.  Our group of four were seated within 20 minutes and I ordered the standard Tonkotsu bowl.  I thought the noodles and pork slices were nicely cooked, but the pork broth was a touch saltier than what I prefer.  My husband's miso broth was smooth and savory, without the overwhelming saltiness.  There are also options for you to add in extra ingredients to customize your bowl, such as an egg, pork, corn, and extra noodles.  A great find that's different from the usual Vegas eateries.
Mmm, ramen~  There's nothing like a bowl of steamy hot noodles that can cure any trace of a hangover.. . I've only tried this place twice so far and every time they set my bowl of steamy hot miso/tonkatsu ramen with chashu and egg, a part of me rejoices.  Japanese chashu is normally tender, juicy, and melts in your mouth.  Monta's chashu doesn't disappoint.  Always get extra chashu!  The soup is really tasty and full of flavor [although if you show up during the rush, it can become way too salty].  . . The establishment itself is very small and becomes packed fast.  Seating is limited and there always seems to be a line right when they open.  3.5 stars!
We ordered ramen with pork and the pork was just too fatty.  I didn't understand why they chose pork belly.  The broth was okay, wasn't awesome and wasn't terrible.  I'll stick with something other than ramen and try something else next time.
My first visit to Monta Noodle House was probably my last, at least for a while. I thought the food was ok, but the seating, prices and service was not what I had expected.. . I went with several friends and one of them had suggested it. He is into food and so I thought to give it a shot. The restaurants in and around the area of this one, usually deliver, on what I mentioned above, that this one is lacking.. . After waiting to get seated in the small restaurant, we were greeted quickly. What happened next was weird. We waited for almost 20 minutes before a member of the wait staff arrived to take our order. It took entirely too long for simple noodles in heated broth to arrive. It takes me two and a half minutes to make similar noodles and another two minutes to plate everything.. . If you go during the Summer, which is always in Vegas, be ready for heat inside. Like another Yelper has mentioned, due to its size, this place stays hot and has little to no airflow.. . For three people that ordered the standard fair and no beverages, the final bill should not have been anywhere near $40, but that's what I got.
I've never had Ramen that didn't have a plastic wrapper. I wanted to see what all the hoopla was.. I got the Tonkotsu which was good but not much different from when I bust out my package of Nissin Top Ramen and add a slice of american cheese to create a creamy broth. The slices of roasted pork made the dish better but my meat had a lot of fat on it, I was glad I got extra, 2 slices was not enough for that huge bowl of noodles. The price is good and I feel like the dish was a good size. But I doubt I'll go out of my to go here again.
Raku was fully booked so ramen it is.  Good broth.  Tonkotsu much better than the shoyu combination broth.  Skimpy on the toppings.  Noodles are too soft.  Standard gyoza.  No fresh hot tea.
I gotta agree 100% with respected Yelper: Tien N's review. He was the only guy brave enough to leave a low rating for Monta. Personally, I think that most people are riding the bandwagon and just rating this place up because everyone else is. I came again today, and just couldn't enjoy the Ramen here like I used to. . . Like most of my Yelp friends already know, I am somewhat an expert at Ramen. During my college years, my friend Takeichi and I went on a bizarre and pointless quest across the West Coast in order to eat Miso Ramen at every single famous Ramen house in America. 30 days and over 50 Ramen houses later, we declared ourselves Ramen Masters.. . Ramen has a lot of historical and cultural significance to the Japanese people. After the defeat of the Imperial forces in WW2, Japan had practically become a poverty stricken 3rd world country. It was around then that Ramen became extremely popular due to how cheap the ingredients were. There was one Ramen house in San Diego which I visited years ago, that had the exact variation of post WW2 Ramen. The Ramen itself was practically a less salty version of Shio. It had absolutely nothing in it besides for noodles and salt water. That means, you get no charsiu, egg, or vegetables. Personally, I thought it was the worst bowl of Ramen I have ever had. The owner of the Ramen house told me that the only reason she serves this depressing version of Ramen is because of it's cultural significance. At least Monta doesn't have anything that bad...    . . I guess the reason I originally liked Monta was because I was so used to eating the extremely spicy style of Ramen from California, so when I first had Monta's Miso Ramen it was so different that I actually thought it was good. I can't identify which regional variation of Ramen is served at Monta. Me and Takeichi think that it might be a specific Shibuya variation, but we just can't come to a positive conclusion. But, we do believe though that it definitely is some kind of Tokyo variation.. . I myself have begun to believe that the Miso Ramen at Monta is actually a combination of Toyko style and a random American style. In the 1960s, Ichiro Mashita created the "California Roll" because Americans kept complaining to him that his rolls that had Otoro in it tasted like garbage.  I kind of think that Monta's recipe is the "California Roll" of the Ramen world. And that's why it's rare to find a full-blooded Japanese person eating here.. . Weird observation:The Tonkatsu and the Miso Ramen here at Monta taste almost identical. This is very unusual. Those two should never taste that  similar.. . One of my friends who is full-blooded Korean always refused to come here with us. When I asked him why, he said it was because Koreans believe that Ramen is "the food of the Rats". I don't know what that's supposed to mean..... . It is just so difficult to move around here. The seats are designed for people who are less than 5'5" and weight around 120lbs. The stools at the bar area are very uncomfortable. Walking to the bathroom is difficult because you keep having to bump into other customers and the girls at the cash register. It's common for Ramen houses to be small, even the most popular Ramen house in America(Orochon) only seats like 20 people and the chairs are very uncomfortable. But, somehow Monta is far worse. . . Like 90% of the customers here are yelpers. Every time I come here I recognize someone from their Yelp picture. . . When I was here today, I overheard a person talking about how Monta is "the greatest" and Anime Ramen is "fake ramen". To me, Anime Ramen is far better than Monta. Anime actually gives you gigantic portions of bamboo, mushrooms, corn, eggs, and charsiu for free, while Monta charges extra and only gives about 1 tbsp of micro-sized diced bamboo. Today, I ordered extra butter and I got a teaspoon. At Sora or Anime, they would have loaded my bowl with butter. Also, at Sora and Anime, the bowls are at least 30% larger.  But, the best thing about Anime is that they give you 3 slices of Narutomaki for free.  Also, the guy who runs Anime Ramen is a guy named Ryosuke and his dad is one of the most  famous traditional Japanese sushi chefs in America, so I don't understand where this "non-japanese" rumor is coming from.   . . I still believe that Monta has the best Shoyu Ramen, but out of the 3 major Ramen houses in LV(Monta,Anime,Sora), I gotta say that Monta has the worst Miso Ramen. Maybe the reason why Monta has bad Miso Ramen is because it is a Toyko style Ramen house. And Toyko style Ramen houses always specialize in Shoyu. While, it is the Sapporo style Ramen houses that always specifically specialize in Miso Ramen(Miso Ramen was invented in the city of Sapporo).  But, I still love the excellent customer service here, so I'll give Monta 3-stars.
I don't think I've ever passed by this place and there wasn't a line. I'm glad I finally gave in and decided to wait in their obnoxious line and try their ramen. It really is all about the ramen broth here. So creamy and tasty! However, I don't feel like its the best bowl of ramen I've ever had it is certainly good. =D
We had the tonkotsu ramen with kaedama and a sm pork belly bowl for 15.. . - noodles too mushy. not much meat or broth. broth needs to be a bit spicier. extra for green onions? too much hype for something not comparable to shin-sen-gumi. . - pork belly had more fat than meat. but in defense, pork belly is pretty much fat.... . - friendly service. but no yelling japanese phrases when coming in?! i thought this is a ramen house!? lol. - overall pleasant, but eh.
i had the tonkatsu ramen. it was good. the place was small, and the broth was too salty for my taste. but everything else (in the bowl) was yummy!
This could be the "best" ramen in Vegas but it certainly is not the "best" ramen I've ever had. . . The bowls are small, cheap, and filling. . Tonkotsu Ramen came with two slices of chashu pork. The broth was light and subtle. It wasn't as thick and flavorful as I wanted. The chashu pieces were thin and flimsy. They weren't intact and was cut up. . Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen was OK, too. Between the two, I prefer the tonkotsu broth. . Big or small, I always finish my entire bowl because I hate to waste the delicious broth but it just wasn't good for me to finish it here. . . Lots of parking in the lot. There will most likely be a wait because it's a small restaurant. Hella cheap.
I've been here about a handful of times and I normally space out my visits with a few months in between because I always feel like that's all my heart and arteries can handle.. . I normally get the Tonkostu Ramen, and for me, it's a pretty good sized portion. It's more than enough to fill me up, and I've never been able to finish the whole bowl. The noodles compliment the soup well, and the soup itself is very good. Now here's why I can only eat this stuff once every four months. The soup is practically like drinking pork fat and salt. It's creamy and somewhat on the thick side (for me) and there's a point where I have to stop myself because I can feel my heart slowing!. . It's a small place so you might end up waiting about 10-15 minutes for a table but I think it's worth it. You walk in, eat, and walk out. Exactly how it should be. They have a small menu so you don't have to worry about getting lost in all the options. But since the place is so small you might end up rubbing elbows with the person next to you (not really my thing). . . If you're looking for something new or just looking for an excuse to have one last fat-filled meal before an all fruit and veggie juice diet (because that's how I feel walking, or rather waddling out lol), then you should definitely plop on over to this place!
Well, this place is small but boy are there alot of people waiting to eat. This is my first time here and I thought their soups were good but too thick and rich for my taste, mainly its due to the butter they put in the broth. For me, I would definitely go back for the fried rice, wow!!! Was that one of the best fried rice I ever tasted. I definitely recommend it!!!
Authentic ramen. Soup is good too. Meat and toppings are so so. My favorite dish at Monta is actually their Takana Fried Rice!! It's pretty unique. A bit spicy but not too spicy. I'd not drive out of the strip to come here unless I'm really craving for ramen... they usually have a wait.
Everyone around me loves Monta but believe it or not the first time I tried it was just a few months ago. It was quite a bit of an acquired taste to me. When I first tried it I got a tonkatsu ramen and I hated it! It was too rich and too porky for me and I found myself wanting pho instead HAHA but oddly enough I started craving it a couple weeks after! . . Now I get the tonkatsu-shoyu with all the fixings except the greens with a side of kimchi! I always find myself thinking the noodle to soup ratio is off, I need more soup!!!! I always make sure to get the thinner noodles because they taste better! Sometimes the broth is way too salty and sometimes I leave feeling like I just drank a bunch of pork fat but I keep going back, it's strangely addicting LOL . . The gyoza and kimchi fried rice are good but nothing too special~ . . The negative is that It's a really small restaurant and their AC is not the best. There's most likely always a wait. So in order to keep the flow going please be courteous and eat your ramen and leave! This is not a place to lolly-gag after you're done eating, quickly give up your table to the next hungry group or suffer the consequence of angry looks!!!!! LOL . . Hot Tip: If you don't want to wait go at really odd times like 3:00-5:00; there's usually never a wait~
I've been spoiled with really good ramen in the South Bay, and I was super excited to see this place get so many reviews. I had to come here twice, because the first time was so packed that I didn't have the patience to wait nor did I like waiting outside in 102 degree weather. So we came back the next day (15 min earlier) to avoid the line, and got seated right away. It's definitely average price for the bowl of noodles you get. I prefer a more favorable soup base and the noodles weren't freshly made, it's packaged noodles. . . Overall, I might come here again when it's winter, but I cannot do hot noodle soup during a summer day.
The ramen scene here in the valley is mediocre at best. I guess I'm a bit spoiled by the quality ramen establishments in Hawaii like Nakamura Ramen and Orenchi in Santa Clara, Ca. For Las Vegas, I believe Monta is the best for here. I ordered the miso ramen and it was heavy and thick in consistency. The noodles were slightly over cooked. Despite this, I still believe its one of the better ramen establishments for Las Vegas
If I could rate each thing individually, I would.. . Food flavor and quality-always was and will be 5 star. It's incredible and I crave it. . . Wait time-average. 3.5 stars.. . Quantity of food-5 star. You get tons of food. I usually get two meals out of one order that I take to go.. . Parking-BLOWS. 1 star. Barely ever any room. You're better off parking on that side street.. . Atmosphere/building- 2 stars. Cramped, tiny. They really need to expand and fast.. . Service- 0 stars. I've only had to come in here once and I don't know if I'll be back based on this alone, no matter how damn good it is. . We walk in to a cramped/stuffed area full of people waiting- a patron is nice enough to tell me I have to "sign my name on the pedestal". I said "I just want it to go" and she didn't say anything, just kind of awkwardly looked at me. I didn't sign it. All those people got seated. After waiting about 10 more min of not being acknowledged, a waitress finally asked if I was waiting for a party of people, I said no, I just want to order to go. She came back 5 min later with a menu. I told her I already know what I wanted-she was already at a table next to me saying "yes, they were first". I'm aware, hence the reason they're at a table. . . At that moment in time I was ready to explode "could someone just fvcking tell me what I'm supposed to do to order to go so I'm not standing here like an asssh*le??!?!?!". I was furious by the time I left. I couldn't be courteous anymore. If this is how noodle houses in Las Vegas go, they are all run sloppy and poorly organized, then white-girl-me can't deal with this, count me out. I sincerely hope other noodle-based places aren't like this, because now I really have motivation to try other ones.. . Perhaps to avoid confusion, I should take an asian friend with me to break the barrier a little? I heard once that it's because Monta waitresses don't understand English well-this does not excuse the poor execution of guest-ferrying and certainly doesn't welcome new people to the establishment.
It was actually the wrong time of year to fully enjoy Ramen.  It is always best on a cold night, not a hot dry one.  Oh well, the journey must continue.  . . Ordered the tonkatsu Ramen and takana fried rice.  Tonkatsu broth was flavorful but not as rich and creamy as I've had at other place's Hawaii.  Noodles appeared similar to somen noodles.  Char siu tasted good but was cut VERY thin.  . . Takana fried rice was better than than the plain fried rice.  I wish there was a more pronounced takana flavor and (remember my low salt diet) it was a bit salty.. . Overall a good experience, service was quick, food was good and of sufficient quantity, and prices were reasonable.  I would recommended going here, especially on a cold day/night.
Everyone needs to be aware that this place is SMALL. I think even using the word small is inaccurate, but tiny. Absolutely no waiting area, so you have to wait inside, the place is crammed, and the parking lot itself isn't that big either. I had their miso ramen, which was yummy, but salty. The pork served in it....to die for! This place would be a lot better if they simply had more space! The good thing is that they are opening a new location next year in Green Valley! Yay.
I have only been here once but overall I have to say it's okay. It's not bad, but it's not great either.. . It is terribly cramped and when I went there I had to sit at the bar with my party so it was difficult talking to them when you're facing the kitchen rather than their faces.. . The food was good. Tasty and simple. Great price too. It's a nice eat, but when I think of getting Ramen for dinner, Monta isn't the first restaurant that comes to mind.
The broth was a bit salty for my palette but I thought the ramen was all around decent.  I would definitely recommend the shredded green  onion as a topping because it really added a nice chewy texture to the ramen.  Trust, it will not disappoint!  And the chashu is cooked perfectly.  It will melt in your mouth.. . It gets really crowded during lunchtime and the place is pretty small so plan accordingly.  It's priced right under $7 so the price is definitely right.. . I'm Korean so I love that they offer a side of kimchee.  It's a must.  They also had a mustard green side which was WAYYYY salty..  I definitely would not order that again. . . Monta'slegit.  It's run by all Japanese which also means excellent service..
Food:. 8/10 - Authentic Chinese food.  Tasty. . Cleanliness:. 5/10 - Could be better. . Ambiance:. 3/10 - The place is super tiny and worn out.  Need's an overhaul.. . Restrooms:. Didn't visit. . Service:. 7/10 - Friendly and friendly but rushed because there is a wait.  Because the restaurant is small's the weight can be long.
During my last 3 visits here to MONTA I did not see even one Japanese person eating or waiting in the 2 hour long line. Do you know why it is that the Japanese community in LV has turned their back on MONTA? There are many reasons...... . I was confused. I was really confused. Why was I not a fan of MONTA? Every Chinese person kept telling me that MONTA was "the best". Every Korean woman kept telling me that it was "the best". Even their white husbands kept telling me that MONTA is "the best". My Mexican-American and Black foster kids kept telling me that Monta was "the best". Why is it that I didn't like it when everyone around me kept saying that it was the greatest? Am I just not Japanese enough to enjoy MONTA? My Dad is a 3rd generation Japanese-American and he did marry a Korean woman, so maybe that Korean blood in me erased my ability to determine what a good ramen is. But then I started noticing that all my friends and business partners who were born and raised in Japan kept insisting that MONTA was NOT "the best", In fact they thought it was "the worst". So I came to the conclusion that Japanese people just don't like MONTA like everyone else does. . . Personally, I think MONTA is  the California Roll of Ramen. It's a slightly Americanized variation, just like how the California Roll is an Americanized variation of traditional Maki. MONTA's ramen belongs to no true Japanese region.  It's made in America like Burgers and Fries. . . No one eats comfortably at MONTA. The place is extremely cramped, the chairs are very uncomfortable. The counter is made of that cheap plywood you find at discount furniture outlets on Maryland and Flamingo.  The bathroom is like 4 feet from the bar, and some guy always insists on taking a huge dump and leaving the door open. There is never any parking in the lot. Frequently, I just drive across the street to Shuseki(A Chinese-Japanese restaurant) where it's much more comfortable and the ramen is f*cking awesome.  MONTA is the most popular ramen-ya in Vegas, so why won't they move to a larger space? One of the wealthy Korean business owners who is a member of my Asian-American Activism agency informed me that Seoul Plaza(where Monta is located) has the cheapest rent in Chinatown.  The owner of MONTA is attempting to cut costs to maximize profits and that's why he won't leave Seoul Plaza.  Cheapness is the main reason! And Cheapness is also the reason why your bowl of ramen at MONTA is only half the size of the other 4 major Ramen-Ya's in LV. And Cheapness is why you have to pay extra for every little thing. You gotta pay extra for noodles, you gotta pay extra for the egg, you gotta pay extra for butter and corn! How cheap is that!!! If you get all the add ons, the bowl of ramen comes out to like $15.00. You can get the egg, extra charsu, extra noodles, 50% more broth, corn, butter, and garlic oil all included in the $8.00-$9.00 bowl of ramen at Fukumimi. The Deluxe Ramen at Sora also has everything included and it's only like $10.00 flat.. . The f*cking hipsters! This is a major reason why the Japanese have left MONTA.  Hipsters are usually White people, but they think it's cool to hang out in latino areas or Chinatowns. I don't know why, but hipsters think it's "lame" being around other Whites. Unfortunately, they have chosen MONTA as their "COOL MINORITY HANGOUT SPOT!". As a Japanese-American, do I wanna sit with a bunch of guys with " David Lynch Eraserhead" haircuts who wear Geek-Sheek  glasses and talk about their feelings? Do I wanna sit with a 6 foot 4" man in a dress who is attempting to start a conversation with me about: Indie Rock, Indie Flicks,  Jesus(aka Obama), Apple Products, and how cool it is to wear sunglasses indoors?  My response= THAT'S IT! NO MORE!  I'M F*CKING OUT OF HERE! I'M GOING TO FUKUMIMI!. . By the way... How f*cking long does it take for you guys to eat one bowl of ramen? While I'm on the waiting list for over 1 hour, I always notice how people finish their ramen after 15 minutes but just sit there and talk for another 45 minutes. This is the reason why we gotta wait so f*cking long to get a seat. . . MONTA has the worst Gyoza in LV. It tastes like the Chinese variation, and they all stick together like they are frozen(look at my pics). And they give you like 5 pieces for $5.00. That's like a dollar a piece!! Walk 2 minutes to Shuseki for a much better gyoza.. . Why did my egg come from the Alley? They ran out of eggs during my last visit and then they ran into the alley and grabbed another box? Are the eggs just sitting out there in some kind of big jar?. . A Japanese restaurant is supposed to have Kim-Uchi, not Kimchi. I saw with my own eyes, the cook here at MONTA going to Greenland to buy one of those giant glass jars of Korean Kimchi. At Fukumimi, Katsu-San makes his own Kim-Uchi which is slightly sweeter than Korean Kimchi. It's a true Japanese variation of a classic Korean dish.  . . #$@!*$#%$ *%#!  F*CK I JUST HIT THAT 5001 WORD LIMIT
Tonkatsu Ramen was pretty good.  The broth and meat had a slightly different flavor then most ramen places that I've tried--in a positive way.  The broth was more creamy and the meat had a grilled taste to it.  My friend had the miso ramen, but I think the tonkatsu was better.. . Price is usual for a ramen place.  The bowl comes standard with mushroom, 2 pieces of meat and bambo shoot.  I then added an egg and seaweed.. . The place is super small and the wait is long.  But overall, I would come back if I craved ramen while I was in Vegas (only if I was craving it though).
Afraid I'm going to have to downgrade Monta.  :(  The broth in their tonkatsu just isn't the same as it used to be.  It used to have a really rich, almost meaty flavor.  It's still a really good broth but not the ridiculously tasty one it used to be.. . Noodles also seem a bit limper than they used to be.  Maybe they're too busy to handle everything like they used to?
Finally got to go to Monta after hearing about it for so long and dying to go. It was good! Pretty much what you would expect from a ramen place... quick and easy. It is very small and you'll probably have to wait for sure. . . I have to say I enjoy different ramen styles better, though, like what they have at Ramen Sora. Monta has thinner noodles, and their broth is very good but doesn't have the umami punch that makes ramen so delicious. I prefer thicker, chewier wavy noodles than thin noodles that they had. They also do not have curry like many ramen places unfortunately, but that is okay, because they make up for it with their variety of fried rices. . . I sat at a stool at the bar, and it is pretty uncomfortable, but adds to the ramen-ya feel that they are going for. I wouldn't mind going back, it definitely satisfies the ramen craving, but I thinkif I had to pick one place it would be Ramen Sora for sure. . . Check it out!
maybe it's because i've been spoiled by los angeles and all their great ramen places...this ramen place was just average...definitely was not worth the 1hour+ wait that my party did for....but hey...since its vegas, this is the most legit ramen place in the area....so we though to try it... . since their most popular item is the shoyu ramen...i opt'd for the shoyu tonkotsu ramen....idk about you but they really go crazy with the shoyu....it was salty...a bit too salty for me...and after just eating a night of salty food at wicked spoon..omg...more salty food..... . probably wont come back again unless i really want ramen and i'm stuck in vegas
I've studied and had my share of great and authentic Japanese ramen--it's as much an art as a science.. . Not bad. Girls are really nice here--aiming to please.  The space is clean.. . It was great to see that they have the popular dual broth (tonkotsu-shoyu) that is quite trendy in Japan.  It was excellent. Unfortunately the noodles are not made here--what a disappointment.  The egg was made too far in advance and thus cold and too hard.. . But I didn't expect that much out here in Vegas, so it was a nice meal despite the noodles.
I have mixed feelings about Japanese ramen places in this country: although I find myself craving for the broth once in a while, I seldom find a place where the noodles are chewy and firm enough. Usually they taste just like the 25-cent packs of ramen that you get from supermarkets. This noodle bar is just like that. I loved the broth and the cha-siu (marinated and slow-cooked pork meat), but I couldn't stand the noodles. I would still recommend it, but only if you don't have to wait in line for too long.
The more I think about it, the more I think Monta is just okay. The novelty of ramen hooked me at first since we don't have any ramen shops in Houston. Since then, I've realized that even though it was delicious, it's just noodles and broth. Extremely salty broth. Too salty.  I know it's strange to say that everything was delicious, but every single ingredient added to your ramen is an extra charge. From what I remember, they give you two slices of pork. Two. It's really not enough.
First things first. 1. I've never had ramen til now. 2. This is my first review as an Elite woohoo! . Maybe I had higher expectations of this place, even though I had nothing to compare it to other than the ramen you get for .20 at the local grocery store. It was good. Very good even. I ordered the pork/chicken broth ramen add corn and butter. I ate the entire bowl and would order it again. I personally chose to add a little chile oil and whatever that mixed seasoning at the table was. It def improved my broth which needed the extra umph. The pork in the soup was not my style. The fatty skin reminded me of duck, which I don't like the skin of. Everything else in the soup was yummy and ill consider adding extra mushrooms and maybe an egg next time. . Good prices, I'd much rather go order a $7 bowl of ramen, versus buying all those ingredients and doing it myself. However, how often do I eat ramen is really the question here, maybe that's why I expected it to be something more than basic. Ill consider ramen again, as long as I don't have to wait (which you usually do considering they have like 6 tables) or possibly order it Togo. I did notice that was an option. Next time ill try Sora or Fukumimi.
We actually took a cab to get to THIS place? My gf was raving about it because apparently it was suppose to be "really good". We decided to go because it was cold in Vegas anyway so ramen would warm us up! . . Ehh I think where I am from, ramen is much better. There was quite a wait, the place was itty bitty! I didn't even end up getting ramen just because I didn't want to bloat and be all big before going out. I went with the Regular Fried Rice. I mean there wasn't anything amazing about it. It was like ordinary rice that I could've whipped up myself! . . My gf got the ramen. The broth was okay. I've had better. The noodle on the other hand was super fresh. It had a crisp to it when you bit into it too. . . The cool thing about our experience was we sat at the bar so we were able to see the chefs prepare all the ramen bowls and cook the meats and what not. What bothered me the most about this place is its efficiency and service. They are super slow and move like ants here! Nothing is speeding them up and I feel like I waited about 30 minutes for my food on top of the wait before being seated. . . Too bad this joint was sort of far from Chinatown...because I wanted to check that place out but it wasn't walking distance!
Not a bad place for ramen.  Broth was nice.  Meat was okay.  Service was decent.  But after having ramen at Santouka in the Mitsuwa Japanese stores, it just doesn't compare.. . It's good ramen though.  I just can't say I'm a huge fan of it.
I'm not sure what the hype is all about at Monta Ramen.  Don't get me wrong, this place has good Ramen but I've definitely had better elsewhere.. . I ordered the Tonkatsu-Shoyu Ramen with nori and corn.  Personally my broth was a little bit on the salty side and my best friend felt the same way.  We also ordered gyoza, which I liked very much but that's about it.  We did arrive about 12:30 A.M. and I'm assuming we got the last batch since all the workers seemed to be cleaning up the place as we finished up our Ramen.  They also forgot to give us the red ginger you usually get on the side.  My boyfriend and I didn't realize this until we headed out the door after seeing the Ramen add-ons were compiled together at the bar ready to be stored for the next business day.. . If you plan to go maybe try and go during normal/peak hours.  The way I see it, it's like ordering french fries in the wee hours of the night, when they are usually sitting out too long and become stale and soggy.  Basically, you might not get the best batch of broth... . . Yeah, sorry Monta Ramen, there's just no chemistry between you and me.  Good try though.. . Lina Chen
Nothing special..... . Very frugal on the meat in the Ramen
It is hard to believe that over two years ago Monta came into the land of Las Vegas and took us by storm. A small restaurant that mainly focused on ramen with decor that was similar to that in anime, UNHEARD OF. I was blinded by Monta's kool-aid. However years later now and most likely because of the raging success Monta has on the Vegas valley, ramen proprietors came from the shadows and declared Vegas ready for legitimate ramen. For me a cause and effect of the boom is that Monta has fallen in the ranks of preference and not only because of taste, but from the swarm of different styles of ramen that became available. . . Sure Monta is not what it used to be pre-2012, but it is consistently now what it is. For myself it overwhelmingly salty, thin, and a lack of depth. That might not be the same for everyone, as I know that some of my friends do not particularly enjoy the thick rich broth from other providers. The chashu is more fat than anything else. Monta also consist of ridiculously long wait times, its insane to wait anything more than 15 minutes when a handful of options are only a 5 minute drive away. . . Although this may seem like a bash on Monta, I think that everyone should try it at least once (when the wait is not ridiculous), sort of paying tribute to Monta because without it, we (Las Vegas) would not have all delicious alternatives. . . Thanks Monta
meh.  nothing too special about this ramen place.  it was good, just not that much different from all the other ramen spots in the valley.
Im asian and all about ramen. Tried this place for the first time on a Saturday night at almost 1am. It was still crowded in there! If youre confused about what ramen is, its just noodles and broth and you get to pick your additional toppings or mixins or whatever. This place has a chicken broth, a pork broth, or half and half. Its acually really good. It is a little salty, and I wish they had a few more choices for the additional add ins, but I would definitely go back. It is a tiny place, and they wont seat you unless the whole party is there.
Tonkotsu might get four stars, the shio and miso/tonkotsu two or three.  Too salty, noodles were a little soft and I personally prefer the curly kind (rather than the round, straight kind at Monta). Pork was good, soft boiled egg was pretty good.. . Personally I like the small, crowded restaurant.  It seems to somehow be the right ambiance for a ramen shop.
This place is ok. The venue is small and the wait is long. You literally have to be there when they open which is around 1100 to not wait in line. Anime Ramen is a better choice than Monta Ramen. They have more food choices.
Alright, just stopped in about a week ago to check out Monta after they were shut down a little while back.. . The service was considerably slower now.  We had to wave them down just to order, and the food took waaaay longer than it used to....Probably due to them having much more strict food prep and storage, but it took a lot longer now than it ever used to be for everything.. . But the biggest disappointment was the ramen itself.  This used to be my favorite bowl in town, but something changed....for the worse.. . Tonkotsu-Shoyu Ramen with butter and corn :. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/monta-ramen-las-vegas-2?userid=eZZyuJDouIg4p-GYB3PV_A#q5T-X6g2S1AzgJT4FT0Vrg. . It tastes a lot more "instant" now and the broth doesn't have that same depth that used to drive me crazy.  I even added butter and corn, and it still wasn't as flavorful as the other big dogs in town.  Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad Ramen, but it isn't notable anymore to me.. . Pre-shut down, this place was great.  Now, I doubt I will be coming back anytime soon.
There is quite a bit of wait so try to come early. We ordered the Tonkatsu-Shoyu ramen with the Pork belly rice bowl. The ramen was okay - I wasn't a big fan of the broth. The pork was fatty compared to other ramen places.. . The pork belly bowl was really good though. Tender pork belly, but not too fatty. I would come back for the pork belly bowl.
I chose this place base on the high ratings. I enjoyed the simplicity of the place. I liked their approach of keeping things simple.  I liked that they created a warm and friendly atmosphere.  The level of customer service is definitely high at Monta Ramen.  The wait staff is well trained and are very alert to what is taking place around the restaurant.  Unfortunately, the ramen is not up to par.  Instead of a slightly thicker and more al dente bowl of noodles, my was softer and more closely resembled the thinner egg noodles one might find in Cantonese soup noodle entrees. The noodles lacked "bite" and did not create much of the "slurping factor".  It is really too bad because the broth was decent.  The pork belly was good and the other ingredients were good.  The main attraction, however, was a bit "flat".  I did not feel going to the restaurant was worth the close to $30 round trip taxi fair I paid to/from my hotel.  I was going to rate Monta Ramen 2 stars, but the excellent service saved it from going to 2 stars.
I could have sworn I wrote a review for Monta a long time ago. I would have sworn incorrectly.. . I think most peoples' initial impression of Monta is "why is there a line outside?" and then they peek in and think, "why didn't they just rent a bigger space?" Luckily, their turnaround time is good. You're usually in with reasonable waiting. It is tiny, though. Be prepared.. . The ramen itself is just fine. I think I'll call it "starter ramen." It's not special in any category. It's ramen. Its reliable. You can customize it a bit. You can order surprisingly good fried rice! I am a huge fan of the takana variety. I don't know why. I also almost always ask for low sodium in the broth. That's right! It isn't pre-made that way. Everyone, including myself, is often shocked at this.. . There is a healthy serving of noodles so you're basically guaranteed not to be hungry when you leave. If you are, just get some gyoza and you're set. Nice and crispy. They're not fresh or anything, but they work.. . Hey, if you're in Henderson, don't even bother. Just go to their new younger brother/sister - Monta Chaya. It's better anyway for shallow reasons.
Pretty good chahan. Gyoza is definitely not as pungent as most versions, but decent nonetheless. . . Now, the reason we came here was for the ramen. My shoyu ramen was only a slight step above your run of the mill Sapporo Ichiban packaged ramen, with a less than spectacular chasshu. The tonkotsu was a bit more flavorful, but both broths were left unfinished by me and my friend. . . I hope to try Sora Ramen (Sapporo style ramen) down the street from Monta, and another joint close by. We were drawn in by the good reviews, but left with our own less than glowing opinion of those reviews.
I eat low carb, so I don't eat noodles, but I craveramen broth with all the meat and vegetables.  . . Service is no nonsense...they want to turn their tables over ASAP since it is small but popular place...even on a Monday around 6 PM it was fairly pack and by the time we were leaving there were 3 or 4 groups of diners waiting.  However, still, I guess they were nice.  When I asked for a soup without noodles, I confused the waitress and she brought me a bowl of just plain tonkatsu broth...no meat, no vegetables.  I was a little confused and thought is was additional broth for my husband's ramen. I ask the other waitress and in a few minutes she brought me the correct order, but mentioned what seemed obvious to me that it would be the same price with or without noodles. . . The tonkatsu broth was rich in texture and deep with flavor and shows quality, time, and care in preparation. I loved it.  However, in comparison to Sora, I like Sora's broth just slightly better maybe because it was just a touch lighter in texture and flavor. Monta's didn't put nearly the amount of pork that Sora does. I do sample the noodles and I prefer Sora's noodles; they are sort of springy and light, Monta's were a little heavier.   My husband who eats ramen the normal way, also prefers Sora.. . I guess, I like Sora's style of ramen soup better, but it is purely just a preference, and both are very good.
Is it me or this place is overrated? I guess it's me since 700+ ppl seems to like it, and my friends thought the ramen are amazing too. Maybe there was something wrong with me or my pallet that day. . . Good thing we got there early enough to avoid the long line during lunch hour on a Friday afternoon. Just got off the plane, I was super hungry and ready for some yummy ramen. I got the tonkotsu ramen and one of my friend got the miso ramen. I tried her and it's very similar to mines except for one thing, she added extra butter. This make the broth super rich and I can't see myself finishing it after a few bite if that was my noodle...too much. My ramen was super salty that it makes me super dehydrated. My favorite part of soup is always the broth, and if the broth is too much for me to handle, there's no point of eating it. The pork though, on the other hand was very tender and delicious. . . I'll give it another try when I go back to Vegas, just because I love ramen that much. . . Ramen: around $7/bowl (not too bad). It's a pretty good size too.
A decent ramen place.  The miso base I got was just too salty for me, and they charge for eggs to be put in the soup.  You can get a tastier and cheaper ramen at Ramen Sora down the street.  Don't really see the huge hype about this place.  It won't be my first choice for ramen.
saw this place on yelp and had to stop by for some hungover ramen! . . i ordered the tonkotsu shoyu ramen and takana fried rice based on the waitress's recommendation and yelp tips.. . the ramen was sooo sooo.  i had couple sips of the broth before concluding that it just tastes like salt water.. it wasn't savory at all--- (though i wonder if it's because all the drinking in vegas had obliterated my taste buds) the cha sui was awesome though! that buttery fatty goodness!. . i really enjoyed the takana fried rice!  it had that interesting taste from the diced peppers-- i couldn't taste the mustard though....  anywho, it was quite delicious.  . . all in all, i would return again.  ramen after drinking is too damn satisfying.
I went on the wrong day, it was hot and the wait was long, staff was nice though. and ramen was descent, totally Kaedama-ed it. went to Japanese Zen afterward for laters dinner which was awesome. and since found Fukumimi where i dine often.
The ramen is good, but the selection is not. They only have fatty pork... Im a beef eater.
This place ROX ! The ramen was so good and flavorful but sometimes the ramen comes lukewarm. Maybe because there are too many people sometimes ?
According to Yelp, Monta appears to be the most popular ramen joint in Vegas. If this place were relocated to Little Tokyo in DTLA, Sawtelle Blvd. or Gardena/Torrance, I doubt it would even make the mid-tier.. . Hits:. * Mildly impressed by the Tonkotsu ramen -- the broth was greasy and creamy, but not completely full-bodied... definitely not worth the half hour wait and hype. * Ramen is cheap (~$7), since the portion sizes are small -- if you're still craving more noodles, add another serving for $1.50. * Order the overpriced hot green tea ($3) and you'll be amazed that the aluminum can is still hot... Apparently the Japanese vending machine keeps the can warm. * The servers are good about splitting the check, and you can pay with card. . Lessons Learned:. * Why are all ramen restaurants so tiny?? This place can seat 20 at a time, and does not easily accommodate to parties larger than 4 (my party of 6 barely fit at the bar counter). * Prepare to wait -- we waited half an hour coming here at 5p on a Monday night. * While the waitress was nice, she seemed really distracted -- In between taking my friend's order, she rushed into the kitchen and then came back 5 minutes later to resume taking down his order... weird. * The ajitama ($1 for half an egg -.-) is not included and was slightly overcooked.. lame!. * I think there was one Japanese chef in the show kitchen -- the rest were Latino/a ... reminded me of Tatsu Ramen. . I think I'll stick to pho when I'm in Vegas from now on.
Yumm! The Tonkatsu broth is definitely worth trying. . . I recently relocated to Las Vegas from Northern California and the first craving I had to fulfill was for ramen. Monta Ramen definitely hit the spot!. . BE WARNED: They're a bit inconsistent with their soup unfortunately. The first few times were delicious, but the last two times we have gone it was wayy too salty! I could feel the salt burning the back of my throat.
I tried this place out because my friends frequent this place especially during Saturday mornings after pick up basketball. Anyway, I had the Tonkotsu Shoyu Ramen and the Chasu Pork Bowl. . . I'm not a food critic in any way but comparing it to Sora, I can notice a lot of differences. One is well Sora doesn't have Tonkotsu Shoyu in the menu. But with Monta's serving I was quite disappointed. The broth felt greasy and almost instantly left a line of fat/grease on my lips. Although it is good, certain people don't like that feeling when eating. It is creamy and rich but Minus points on the grease. The pork on the Ramen Bowl is only one slice hidden behind bamboo shoots and mushrooms. If I didn't dig through the bowl I wouldn't have even found it. The noodles were okay, but it felt like as if they were just about cooked when the chef took it out from the pot. It felt as if it needed about a minute more in cooking. The server was very nice, refilling our water glasses almost every time we downed a glass. So fast it felt like she was on a mission. The Chasu Bowl was very good however, the shredded Nori on top was surprising and the meat was tender and tasty. It was sweet on the outside part of the cut just how Chasu should taste like. I wasn't blown away by the food but it was a good meal for a hungry man like me. I'd give Monta a second try but probably would not be my go-to Ramen joint.
Place is very good but have had better in NY.  I would still recommend it tho. It's a small restaurant tho and wait is long.  If I really have a craving and am in the neighborhood I would come back.
This place has tasty ramen, which is why it gets 3 stars just for taste. However it's not  all that unique or the best but but it's quite good. I've been here a couple times and for the price I wish you got a larger portion. The tonkotsu ramen tasted more like fatty grease than a pork flavor, the server recommends the Tonkotsu-Shoyu and I understood why. . The Tonkotsu-Shoyu is better but what is a peeve of mine is that recently when I get to-go (because the place is so small and gets crowded), they get really skimpy with a good piece of chashu! I always get extra chashu and if I'm lucky I get a piece that isn't 45% jiggly fat, and they're small pieces maybe 2in diameter of thin meat. And to top it off sometimes it's not even a discernible piece but a broken up tiny lump of fat-meat that's supposed to be the last remaining 3 out  of 6 pieces... which surely didn't look like 3 pieces.. . Overall I think it's overrated and a little overpriced for the amount of soup/noodles and meat given along with a very "fat" tasting meal but hey that's flavor I suppose. I might come back every once in a while unless I find someplace better although it would be further away.
This is a tiny place that seats maybe 20 people and then another 8 or so at the counter bar area.  If you think you're going to be clever by getting there right when they open for lunch, you really need to get there right when they open, not 10 minutes after they open!  We arrived at 11:32am on a Saturday as a party of 5 and were the first guests and thought "Hey, that was easy! Maybe this place doesn't get that busy for Saturday lunch?"  Suddenly, over the next 5 minutes, several other parties of 2 or 3 people came in one right after another and the place was suddenly full!  If you arrived at 11:40am, you were then looking at a wait of 30-45 minutes until the initial parties were served, ate and left.  So go early!. . The ramen was good.  I do wish they would give you more than 2 thin slices of roasted pork.  I don't know that I'd go again if the wait was over 15 minutes though.  (I actually really like the ramen at the Bacchanal Buffet at Caesar's where you can request all you want roasted pork (since it's a buffet!).  The slow cooked broth there is unexpectedly and surprisingly really good too.)
Food...AMAZING...service and "rules" of party/seating/etc...meh
First time trying ramen in Las Vegas and came to this highly recommended hole in the wall spot. But to my husband and my disappointment the ramen was mediocore. He had the Tonkotsu and I had Miso. We both thought it was too salty. However we shared a Kimchi fried rice and it was delicious! . We have much better ramen spots here in California.
We left this place our first attempted visit due to the wait.  This time we got sat right away. Service was good. Everyone talks this place up. To my disappointment, I was not impressed.  I have been known to get addicted to ramen.  My tonkotsu was too rich to finish.  The pork was very salty. I have had better ramen elsewhere.  However my boyfriend did enjoy his shoyu ramen.
Delicious broth, nice presentation, good prices.. Not enough comfort space for eating and the pork had a high ratio of fat-to-meat, but you don't come here for the comfort, you come for theRamen!.  I would eat here again, just wouldn't get the pork belly.  Love the noodle refills!!!
Finally got a chance to try this place..we came here a few weeks back and never for a chance to write my review.. So here I am, playing catch up! . . Anyway.. We've been hearing so many good things about this place.. So of course, it's bookmarked! I'm glad to say.. I tried it..& ehhh.. Well.. I've had better. Sorry fellow yelpers.. I took everyone's opinion and tried it when it came to my turn.. Just wasn't pleased.. The soup was weak.. Their pork was really soft though! Like melts in your mouth soft! So that's good.. I got their thick noodles.. & it was ok..my bf got thin noodles and he liked the thin ones better, my bf is crazy about this place though.. Then again he's crazy about every ramen place! Lol we also got the fried dumplings.. (Gyzo)? I forgot, but it tastes like any other friend dumplings I had.. I don't think it's anything special... Specially for that price.. Nope.. . . All in all, glad I got to try it.. Two bowls and one dumpling order came out to be $40 including tip and all add-on's in our ramen.. If you're ever in town.. Give it a try! . . The wait is pretty long though! Come in small groups! The place is tiny!
