Reservation was easy, but they want your credit card in advance & they said there will be a charge of (I think) $60 per person for a no show. You can cancel any time, though.. . Food:. Bread basket: I love their jalapeno bread. Love! Love! Love! And it's free!. . Appetizer: forgot the name, but it was chunks of tuna w/ jalapeno & cilantro bits w/ guacamole & mango sauce, came with a small bowl of blue corn & rice chips. Both the tuna & the chips were TASTY!. . Entrees:. 1. NY Steak - was EXCELLENT! Perfectly flavored, perfectly cooked.. . 2. Pork Tenderloin - This is their specialty dish and it was OUT OF THIS WORLD! The meat was tender, juicy, very flavorful. The tamale that came with it was just OK, rather dry unfortunately. . . 3. Tuna Steak - MUST SKIP! First time it came it was overcooked (dry, and cooked all the way, although I asked for seared w/ rare middle). The waiter was very polite and apologetic. He brought it back to the kitchen (I didn't ask for it, but he insisted). The second time it came, it was perfectly cooked, but WAY TOO SALTY. Seriously, I love bold flavors, but this made me think I was being punished for sending the food back. Again, I didn't even ask the waiter to send it back, so why was I being punished?. . Service: . Was excellent, almost flawless.. . Conclusion:. The pork & steak dishes deserve 5 stars, but the severity of the flaw on the tuna steak, considering the price range is rather unforgivable.
I REALLY wanted to like this place, but I was a little disappointed. It's a casual setting and in the middle of the casino.. . The food was tasty, but it lacked the bold flavors that I felt Chef Flay seems to create with his Iron Chef, Boy Meets Grill, and Throwdown creations. There was nothing wrong with the food or service, maybe my definition of BOLD is different.. . In addition, it was a bit pricey for the amount of food you got.
MESA Grill gets 3.5 stars in my book.. . 3 of us came here for brunch on a Saturday around 12pm and was told that there'd be a 10 minute wait.  I said to my friend -- there's a table right there, why do we have to wait? 10 minutes later, lo and behold -- which table do they give us? the one that has been empty this whole time.  Maybe they just wanted to make it seem crowded with their lounge full of people waiting for a table.. . Service:. Service was slow but decent.  It took a long time to get water refills but we did get everything that we asked for.  The 3 of us drank a ton of mimosas and quickly got really rowdy.  The server didn't seem to mind.. . Food:. TIGER SHRIMP ROASTED GARLIC CORN TAMALE:. we shared the tiger shrimp tamales and it was the best thing that I ate at MESA Grill.  The sauce was spot on, spicy and tangy and the prawns were cooked to perfection.  I believe the dish came with 4 prawns.. . CRISPY BACON + HASH BROWN QUESADILLA. I wish I would have enjoyed this dish as it sounded super appetizing on the menu.  However, it was just OK in my opinion.  The bacon really wasn't crispy and the quesadilla was on the dry side.. . SPICY SCRAMBLED EGGS. The eggs in this dish were prepared well.  It was decent, but nothing to write home about.. . GRITS. surprisingly, the grits was one of the most flavorful items that came to the table.  We joked that we don't even know why we ordered grits but in the end we enjoyed it.. . I probably won't be returning to MESA grill since there are plenty of restaurants in Vegas.  However, I would recommend it to someone who was looking for tex-mex with signature flavors that tends to be on the spicy-tangy side.  Lunch was expensive but I think the prices are fair when compared to hotel cafes.. . P.S. they have a delicious chocolate tequila on their dessert menu!
I've read a few reviews calling Mesa Grill pricey but in the grander picture I feel prices are fair in Vegas Strip standard. Food is also solid (but nothing exceptional) from the assorted bread basket to the flavorful side dishes. I would come here again. However, I do wish the tables weren't crammed so close together like sardines.
Like others, I had really looked forward to eating here.  I was not thrilled I had to leave a credit card with my reservation, but got over it.  . Lovely decor, but nothing spectacular.. Having been in Vegas and eaten here at some other celebrity chef restaurants, I was expecting the high prices.  The food did live up to my expectations here.  Big, bold flavors (I had the pork, others at my table had the veal chop and the venison, and the same for those), perfectly cooked pork, delicious tamales, although a little sweet, went well with the very spicy pork and delicious sauce.  Portions were great here, almost too much.  Unlike the apps - small portions big prices.  Duck "taco" - 1 small blue corn soft tortilla with about 3 tablespoons of duck -$16.00.  Hard to share with 3 other people - about a tiny bite each! Hard for me to understand the price,although it was tasty.  The corn tamale with shrimp was delicious, a little better portion, but was described as having 4 jumbo shrimp - they were hardly jumbo, although we each did get one, and the flavors were good. Again, overpriced at $14 or $16 I can't remember.. Biggest disappointment was service.  Friendly and knowledgeable, yes.. We ordered a pretty pricey bottle of wine, and when we ordered apps and told the waiter we would like to hold off on entrees for a few minutes, he basically informed us that we had to order everything at once, they were busy, yada yada yada.  There are few things that aggravate me more at a high end restaurant than when they dictate when I have to order what.  What is this, Dennys?  They can't manage a simple delay of ordering entrees?  Mostly, i just felt they were rushing us so they could fill up our table again.  Big no,no for me.  . If you are a Bobby Flay fan, and want ot see how close you come to making his food at home, eating here is a must. (It's not that hard to duplicate his recipes, they are fairly easy, and from this experience I see I can do it spot on).  The real true test for me of any restaurant is would I go back?. Nope!  There is a lot of great places in Vegas I would go back to, and have, BUT this is not one of them.  Easily duplicated, and very pricey, combined with Dennys mentality on the service make it a ONE TIME ONLY EXPERIENCE.
*3.5*. . (this review is for lunch only). . so, my fiancee and i had just dined at Bradley Ogden the evening before; act two, enter Bobby Flay.... . no wait, we were seated right away.  nice.  our server was a chippery asian fella.  he was very informative and full of energy.  he also almost put his hand on my fiancee's shoulder when he first walked up to our table but quickly diverted said stranger hand just in the nick of time.  smart move buddy!. . they brought out a little bread basket w/ some goodies.  YUM.  probably the best part of the meal.  jalapeno biscuits, crumb cake, and some other pastries that got me excited about the entree's to come.. . first we had our "grapefruit mimosas" we ordered off the menu.  they were quite tasty but at $12.50 a pop, i should have gotten a bloody mary or something.. . i had the burger.  i got it medium well bc our server said their "medium" was more on the medium rare side.  well, as i bit into the burger, parts of the patty were well done while some parts were sorta pink, i guess.  eh, it was still pretty tasty.  the pickled vidalia onion was a nice touch.  i'm a huge fan of mustard but i think i would have liked a more sweeter, tangy-er sauce to balance out the pungent, sharp cheddar on top.. . the fries were OK, a little too cooked for my taste.  they had a nice cajun spice sprinkled over them that wasn't overpowering.. . my fiancee had the salmon.  the description sounded better than it tasted.  i was expecting an explosion of sweet, spice, savory, etc., etc., especially from Mr. Flay.  but the fish, albeit fresh and cooked properly, wasn't very flavorful.  oh well.. . w/ tax and tip the lunch came out to a little over $80.  not sure if we'll be back.
The margaritas were just okay. I was expecting better. The shrimp tamale was delicious as were the tacos. The dinner menu was limited so we chose to order a few appetizers instead. Ambience was good.
I was VERY excited to try Mesa Grill because it's a Bobby Flay restaurant. He may be cocky, but he's a versatile chef and his food always seem very flavorful. I'm also a huge fan of celebrity chefs and Michelin star restaurants. . . First of all, service wise, I didn't feel that it was anything special. The waiter came by, took our orders, and stopped by to ask how everything was while dropping the check off. It wasn't horrible service, but I felt that it could have been better.. . We ordered:. Smoked Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla. Goat Cheese "Queso Fundido" . New Mexican Spiced Rubbed Pork Tenderloin. Pan Seared Chilean Sea Bass with Poblano Chile and Sweet Onion Relish. Roasted "Hacked" Chicken. Salmon (Not sure how it was seasoned, etc.) . . It also came with 3 selection of bread -- Blue Corn Muffin, Asiago Bread, and Walnut Raisin Bread. I enjoyed the Blue Corn Muffin. That had to be one of the better breads in the basket. It had a nice flavor and there were actual bits of corn in there which was nice. I also enjoyed the Asiago Bread, but would have liked a stronger cheese flavor to it.. . Food wise, I very much enjoyed the Smoked Chicken and Black Bean Quesadilla. It was crispy and flavor wise, everything worked very well. I'm not too crazy about beans, but I ate this dish happily. For the main dish, the best dish was my friend's chicken. I rarely order chicken dishes when I dine out because it's easy to cook at home and I'd rather try something more adventurous. However, after trying our dishes (the fiance and I ordered the pork and sea bass), we regretted not ordering the chicken.. . I was very disappointed with the Pork Tenderloin and Chilean Sea Bass. Mesa Grill is known for its pork dish, and even though the texture was soft, the flavors just didn't seem right. It also had a very odd after taste, which was disappointing. The Sea Bass was also nothing special. It was cooked very well, but I wasn't crazy about the flavors and it had a very fishy after taste. . . My fiance and I both agreed that we probably wouldn't come back here. It wasn't to our liking and there are several other restaurants we'd rather dine at.
To begin with I've never been to a restaraunt that would charge $50 per head for a missed reservation. If one party of my group cancelled it would cost me $50. I Love Mesa Grill NYC. This is not that restaraunt. I ordered the venison. The venison was cooked perfectly. The chipotle sauce served with it was bland. Both needed salt. Along with the venison was a grits tamale it also was tasteless, dry and overcooked. The side dish was delivered 20 minutes after the main dish was served. I was totally disapointed. I was most upset that I brought 4 others who were just as disapointed. Coming from a foodie that Loved Mesa Grill NYC, I would not recommend this Mesa Grill.
I'm very surprised I'm only giving this 3 stars.  As I love Bobby Flay's taste in sauces and food in general.  I think we share a similar palette.  The man knows how to use a blender to create some bold and wonderful flavors.  Like myself - he likes a little heat but not so much that it just overpowers everything.. . But something is missing from Mesa Grill.  I think I know what it is.  VALUE.  Look - I know it's not Little Caesar's pizza.  We're not getting 2 large pizzas for $9 or whatever.  But when you order a $12 appetizer and you get like 2 duck tacos to share amongst your table of white collar professionals who are aghast at the appetizer pricing you know something is wrong.  Love the flavor of said duck tacos.  Love the flavor of his tamales.  The masa is just so flavorful!  Unlike any tamale I've had.. . But still....even with a nice steak.  The meal just is too expensive for what you get.  This is coming from someone  who has spent $400 for a meal and been happy to do so.. . Something is missing but can't express it as well as I'd like.  I may take one for the Yelp team and go there again so I can update this review.  Now it's bugging me....
Ok, I get it...Bobby Flay LOVES cilantro.  I love cilantro too and it works in some dishes, but really a green cioppino ???  The stock with the cilantro and peppers blended in left something to be desired.  The seafood was good so it wasn't a total failure but the broth...eh. . . The tamale with the tiger shrimp was good.  A big improvement over the dry starchy everyday tamale.   The Yucatan Chicken Tacos reminded me of Peking duck with the hoisen like BBQ sauce and the vietnamese style herbs (more cilantro and mint).  Messy but good.. . Pan Seared Squid = Fail.  It wasn't memorable except for the fact that I remember not enjoying it when I was eating it.  . . Oh and the cocktails are lovely.  I think that is why I can only remember four dishes, though I believe I had more. . . Just to vent - this is a popular restaurant in Las Vegas so they should assume that some people do not have the foresight to make reservations and will inevitably opt to eat in the bar/lounge area.  Maybe they should make the lounge tables more conducive to eating...like make the tables more than 18 inches in diameter when each plate is more than 12 inches wide.
Bobby Flay, you let me down.  Actually, I've never been a fan of his anyway so I wasn't too disappointed in the man himself, but I was sad that we didn't have an enjoyable meal.. . We went for lunch on our last day and I tried the 3 course $29 pre-fixe menu.  The appetizer was Blue Corn Pancake with Duck. Wow, this was fabulous!  The spices were right on and the texture was perfect.. . Unfortunately, the rest of the meal wasn't as great. My entree was the Pork Tenderloin Sandwich.  The waiter mentioned that it came cold and I was fine with that.  But I wasn't fine with how tough the meet was.  I could barely chew it.. . The dessert of the day was panna cotta.  I liked the flavor but it wasn't the best dessert I've ever had.. . Some of the other people in my party ordered burgers that looked juicy and delicious.  Other than the burgers, all of the other entrees were failures.
Me and my girls made reservations a few weeks earlier for a Saturday night.  Lots of hype because its Bobby Flay's restaurant.  Its right across from Pure nightclub so we figured to go out there after as well.  Ugh- lame place- that's a completely different review. . . I enjoyed bits and pieces of my meal.  Nothing was necessarily bad- it was just not super unique or blew me away. . . We ordered with many suggestions the goat cheese quesadilla- very crispy and yummy. . . NE W  ME X I C A N   SP I C E  RU B B E D  . PO R K   TE N D E  R L  O I N. B o u r b o n   -   A n c h o   C h i l e   S a u c e  . S w e e t   P o t a t o   T a m a l e  . +   C r  u s h e d   P e c  a  n   B u t t e r what what I had for dinner.  The pork was good but everything else was average. . . Enjoyed the ambiance- modern decorations but for the amount of $$$ you are paying wish it was a bit more wow-ing.
I know you should expect to spend a lot of money in Vegas, but better food can be had at better prices, from better service, elsewhere. . . 4 ladies ordered 4 drinks (which came AFTER our food) and 3 appetizers (didn't like the tuna or the quesadilla, the duck was the only saving grace), for a total of $115
ordered calamari for the appetizer.. way too salty..i was not that impressed. for the entree, i had pork tenderloin...very tender and juicy.... i think overall, seasoning was too strong and the food was way too salty for me. Sorry Bobby Flay, but I don't think i would go back to mesa.
Bobby, I love your books and tv stuff, but have you ever even been in this restaurant? I've been twice and maybe I expect too much but all I can say is, "meh."
I wish I could give Mesa Grill 3.5 stars but because I'm a fan of Bobby Flay I rounded up.. . The pork tenderloin was truly amazing. The side of corn bread was dry. The bread basket was served cold and a bit dry. Nothing too creative just  white bread with minced jalapenos in it.. . The service was disappointing. It was rushed and impersonal. Kind of like a diner. I was expecting much better for a restaurant of this caliber.. . I decided to round down. Sorry Bobby.
I was really looking forward to eating here because I'm a big fan of Bobby Flay. We went for lunch and the brunch menu was being served, with a few lunch dishes. My husband took the shrimp taco special, and I took a grilled chicken salad. We split the plates, so we could have a little of both. . . I had a peach margarita - AWESOME, and my husband had the "Perfect Margarita" - also AWESOME. . . My salad was so salty. It was lightly dressed with a vinaigrette, but it was sprinkled with sea salt, so when I took a bite, I got salty, crunchy bits - not good. The chicken for the salad was over seasoned, as was the shrimp. The sauces that came with the shrimp were excellent. . . I'm bummed because I expected a better meal. Luckily the good drinks helped the saltiness go down. But, I won't be eating here again.
Bobby Flay has a reputation for being a grilling master.  I mean, even his famous restaurant in Las Vegas is called Mesa GRILL.. . However, my Mesa Burger just didn't have that awesome grilling taste that one would expect.  A properly grilled burger should have been more charred from the high heat of the flame.. . My burger tasted like any typical burger from an ordinary restaurant.  Nothing really stood out.. . Also, the service here was not good.  We had to repeatedly ask for the same request over and over again.  It really wasn't that busy, so I don't understand why the waiter couldn't get the request right from the first time.. . The bread basket was good here though.  It had that heat that one expect from a Southwestern cuisine.. . ETA - We went there during the weekend lunch (brunch), so they didn't have the classic entree like the Rib Eye.  Maybe the dinner menu would have tasted better, but since we couldn't make it for dinner we had to settle for what was on the lunch menu.  Nevertheless, they have the proper equipment and the knowledgeable technique so the burger should have tasted better.. . Overall, I love Caesars Palace and respect Bobby Flay, I just didn't love Mesa Grill.  It was just an average type of place.
After reading all the reviews and hearing nothing but good things about this place a friend and I decided to check it out and see what all the fuss was about.  Overall the food was decent but nothing really amazing, although the tamale that came with the meal was out of this world.  But to have something like a tamale be the thing that I remember the most is a bit disappointing.  While the pork tenderloin was good, it wasn't super special, or at least to me it wasn't.  Maybe because I am not a huge fan of pork in general but I expected more from it because of all the reviews about how amazing it was.  The filet was decent as well but not too memorable either.  Overall if you have the money to spend this place is worth a shot, you make enjoy it better than I did.
Had brunch at Mesa when we arrived for this past memorial day weekend. All in all it was a good experience. I was a little disappointed with the food but I ordered the tuna nachos and it wasn't as fresh as I expected. I should of gone with the blue corn waffle with bourbon maple syrup. It was my second choice but should have been my 1st. My fiance and friends all had the kobe burger and loved them. I will say that I did have one of the best margaritas ever and I forgot what it was called. It was awesome though. I would go back just for it.
We went here for lunch with my daughter and my 10 year old  grandson. My daughter is a huge fan of Bobby Flay and really wanted to eat here while vacationing in Las Vegas.  Okay, so we get there and are greeted with friendly staff and were seated right away.  Looking over the menu we realize it's not exactly kid-friendly. (our mistake for not checking ahead of time). I also notice it's a bit priciey but we are on a budget so we forgo the appetizers..She and I both order lunch on the lower end of the menu. I order the Mesa Burger and she ordered the New Mexican Spiced Tenderloin sandwich.  Trying to decide what to order for her son, the waiter suggested a sirloin steak that was not on the menu.  So we order the sirloin.  (my daughter does ask how much it was but I guess he didn't hear her and she didn't repeat herself. ) My daughter also wanted one of Bobby Flay's signed cookbooks so we added that to our order.  I get the check and almost fall out of my chair!  The steak for my 10 year old grandson was about $48.00 and no, Bobby Flay didn't cook it himself.  (I would pay extra for that and eat it myself) . . Ok, so I pay the bill and ditch the book. I was upset that the waiter didn't mention that the steak was as much as it was.  He knew it was for a kid! I took it out on his tip.  I really think he should have said something.  . . Food was good, actually, food was fantastic but soooo not happy with waiter.
Dinner here was just ok....service was outstanding, appetizer was delicious (Quesadillas). However for the main course I had the 22 0z steak, wasn't impressed it was boring.
Went to Mesa Grill for lunch on Monday.. . We ordered:. . BLUE CORN PANCAKE---duck wrapped in crepe...was okay. Barbecued Duck+ Habanero Chile - Star Anise Sauce 13.. . ROUGH CUT TUNA "NACHOS". Mango - Habanero Hot Sauce + Avocado Crema 16.. . MESA BURGER---this was very delicious. Double Cheddar Cheese. Grilled Vidalia Onion + Horseradish Mustard. served with Southwestern Fries 16.. . GRILLED SWORDFISH CLUB----on the dry side. Bacon, Avocado, Tomato, Arugula. Chipotle Aioli + Southwestern Fries 16.. . Margarita---the waiter raved about their margarita, but it was nothing special.. . For a good burger I would recommend this place....the rest is up to you.
Cool place- easy location, not the best food for the dollar...
I think I mis-ordered.  Came here for Brunch on Saturday.  Loved the ambience, felt it was hip and cool.  Seated immediately without reservations.  I got the chilaquiles and my friend got the burger.  The burger looked juicy but it was undercooked (pink inside, he asked for well done).  My chilaquiles were extremely disappointing.  The flavor was too tangy and there was just a small bit of scrambled eggs and about 4 small crunchy tortillas.  The sauces were just ok, I've had killer chilaquiles from other restaurants.  . . The margarita was really delicious, though, I'd come back to try their steak which I heard was really tasty.
Located in Caesars - I was expecting a lot more from Mr. Flay & his establishment. . . Ambiance was pretty good . . Customer Service from the time we walked in ticked me off. No need to have their nose up in the air with folks in town for a conference. So that was my initial impression. The Host was very crude upon us entering the restaurant with a laptop case & INSISTED, we couldn't take it to the dining room. Which is totally fine, but no need to bite our heads off. Just tell us where to put it! . . Our server must have been new or just a chatter box, but it took him about 10+ mins to go through the menu (which isn't very big in the first place) ps. Have a mint! . . Food: Corn Soup was darn good (my co-worker ordered that). I had the grilled Asparagus salad which was nice & refreshing. . . For my meal i had the tiger shrimp tamale. I gotta say, A+! sooo yummy! the tamale itself was perfectly made, the taste was very light & the fresh corn--YUM! . Ohh the fries - another great treat. Dessert - Coconut cake - HOLY MOLY, light, fresh, not tooo sweet, but just darn good! . . Overall food was good...service was lackluster
Been here twice.  First time was outstanding the second a bit of a let down.  With so many amazing options in Vegas I won't go back, but that doesn't mean I am not reccommending it.  If your staying at Caesars and don't want to venture out, give it a try, you'll have a good meal.  What Mr. Flay does - is his own & unique and worth experiencing at least once.
Dinner on August 7, 2011:  food was good and flavorful but overpriced.  Enjoyed the ambiance, service was attentive but we felt the menu is overpriced. The house margarita, made with fresh lime juice, is excellent - but I had a no-alcohol version and my little, short glass full of ice and lime juice (about 4 swallows) was $12.  Three adults for dinner and the tab was $220 (w/o tip).  The food was not special enough for me to go back at that price.  We went to Wazuzu in the Encore the following night and had an amazing dinner for much less $ and food that was truly extraordinary.
I came here with my boyfriend and two of our friends.  My boyfriend and I ordered the sweet potato hash.  Itwas good, but was overpriced. It didn't win my heart over, but I may give it another try if I come back to Vegas.  Small portions, big check... that's Vegas for you.
Given the ambience and very expensive dinner my burger should have been better.. . I expected a mouth watering bloody and juicy med- rare and got a med- well hockey puck. They corrected but I fully expect to get the burger the right way at a Bobby Flay owned restaurant.. . I am not sure I would go back based on my experience which is sad given I truly appreciate Mr. Flay's show's and skills.. . good eating. Steve
Dear Bobby,. . I just wanted to let you know that Mesa Grill is no longer my favorite restaurant in LV. On my most recent visit last week in which DH dropped over $100 on dinner for two, we left unimpressed and unsatisfied with our meal. The best things I ate that night were the corn bread (free), sweet potato tamale and roasted corn (sides). Everything else was kind of an upset.. . We had high hopes for the blue corn pancake appetizer, but the lackluster barbequed duck was masked by the overpowering habanero-star anise sauce. For entrees I had the New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin, which despite being huge and tender, was nothing memorable. DH had the Yucatan style grouper, which was light but bland. Where was the Southwestern bam?. . There are hundreds of other nice restaurants on the strip at which we can throw our money. Next time we're taking our business to Mastro's Ocean Club. At least then we could have the novel experience of eating in a tree house.. . LT
Cold fries. Nothing was spectacular, but the bread was the highlight. Goat cheese/jalapeno was greasy. We only had brunch, perhaps dinner would be better.
This review is for brunch only. We came here for dinner a year or two ago and it was awesome (we still talk about the Spice Rubbed Pork Tenderloin). . . So, we had brunch hoping to like it as much as our dinner. No such luck. The breakfast bread basket was average - the variety was exciting but none of the items were actually very good. We shared two average dishes - the Tiger Shrimp and Garlic Corn Tamale and the Sixteen Spice Chicken Salad. . . The tamale was average and smothered in so much corn. The salad was actually very good a variety of lettuce and lots of chicken, but way overdressed. The dressing hung all over the lettuce the last few bites weren't edible. . . The only thing we really loved was the Mango Glazed Bacon - it was $3.50 for four slices and was by far my favorite part of the meal. . . The service dropped off after we got our food and we spent too much time waiting for our plates to be cleared, then to get a dessert menu (we declined), then to get the check, and then to have our credit card picked up. Ugh. Nothing impressive and nothing like what we remembered from our dinner visit to Mesa Grill.
bit pricey, but the food surprised me. . . Ordered the cioppino. Came wth a green chili sauce which was unexpected. I found it to be better tasting than it looked. For the price, you don't get much seafood in a dish called cioppino. I've had better, but not bad.
This place had a lot of hype and my sisters were going to see Celine Dion so we decided to check it out. Upon entering I really appreciated the layout and decor of the restaurant, plenty of bright colors and a lot of people who looked to be having a great time. . . The host was pretty full of himself, we did not have reservations and he made it pretty clear that we should have. But upon looking down at his reservation list we were immediately seated. I understand that the place is popular, but there is no need to be arrogant to customers just because you are working at a high-end eatery.. . Our server was definitely a step up from the host, but his voice definitely let us know that it was not OK for my sisters to order appetizers for their entrees. My sisters both ordered quesadillas, my dad and I ordered the pork and rib-eye. Everything tasted great with the exception of the homemade steak sauce on my rib-eye. Perhaps I am the exception, but I don't want what tasted like A1 on a $46 rib-eye, the steak itself was awesome, but the sauce was definitely lacking.. . 4.5 stars for the great food, margaritas, and atmosphere... dumped to 3 stars for typical Vegas service that I would expect from a bouncer with a group of 10 guys trying to get into Marquee.
Note that when you make reservations they take your cc so they can charge you $50 a head if you ditch so try not to.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect coming here, but overall it was a decent meal at a place where you're paying extra for the star power of Mr. Bobby Flay.  All sides come separately, but is usually enough to share if you want to get a few sides to share among friends.. . The decor was interesting.  Lots of  bright colors and had flames all over.  The selection of drinks had a great list of tequilas to choose from.  The cuisine is Bobby Flay's famous TexMex Style.. . Random note: no hats haha, I was told to take mine off.  I know it's Vegas so don't count on a hat to hide the fact that you were too lazy to spend 5 mins on your hair just because you were up till 6 am the night before.. . Service was decent and friendly.  They told us our table would be ready near reservation time (8:15).  Our table was not.  Haha we waited about another 30 mins.  To be fair the place was pretty packed.. . The food!. Bone-In Ribeye:. Well cooked piece of meat.  The server will tell you the house recommends Medium unless you want your steak mooing near the bone (not quite in those words).  It's a big piece of meat.  You will probably be full haha.  My friend was getting meat sweats eating the thing!  I didn't feel that the random toppings and sauces that gave it the TexMex theme were necessary.. . Tuna "Nachos":. Appetizer dish.  Blue corn and Potato? Chips to handle what was basically some rough cut tuna tartar.  The tuna had some mango habanero sauce on the plate that was quite good.  The tuna itself was good, but seemed a bit bland to me.  The potato chip was flaky and seemed to be created by pressing multiple layers together.. . Spinach:. Side dish.  Pretty standard sauteed spinach.. . Garlic Tamale:. Small Tamale with a big pat of garlic butter in the center.  Again, good, but not amazing.  Also I was getting so full from the steak it was hard to finish off the tamale.. . Overall, it's not a bad place, but with the gluttony of food in Vegas, I think you can probably do better.  Especially if all you're looking for is a good steak.
This was our third trip to Mesa Grill and we took friends for our anniversary. I hate to say we were disappointed but comparing it to the past trips it just didn't hold up. The food was good but in the past it has been GREAT. The service was not up to par either. Our waitress was kind of disinterested, although her bus people were terrific. . . We had the pork loin, one of the three pieces on my plate was full of gristle, when I explained this to our waitress she said "oh, I'm sorry" and walked away. The filet was great but some of the sides were not served with the meal and were brought as an after thought. . . It was kind of strange when I made reservations I was asked if it was a special occasion and I replied it was our anniversary.  The person on the phone said "we like to do something special on special occasions" so I'm thinking "cool, free dessert".  Well, the best we can figure the "something special" is your waiter saying "Happy Anniversary".  Not all that special! . . Nothing was terrible and we might give it another try next time we are in Vegas..
Wasn't bad but nothing jumps out at me. Actually, I can't believe this, but I sent my scallop salad plate back at Bobby Flay's restaurant! My scallops had grit in them. Thought it might have been the heavy pepper seasoning so I cut the edges off, no luck still grit. Not something I would expect from such a restaurant. The rest of the salad was scrumptious. My friend had the green chili burger and fries. Burger was cooked well but a little boring, no sauce whatsoever on the burger or accompanying fries.. The server noticed I didn't eat and did his best to rectify the situation which I appreciated. Also service was quick and friendly.. So decent place but I prob won't be back.
Let me start this review by saying...I'm not a big Tex-Mex fan. So, it obviously wasn't my choice to come here although I'm glad we did. . My cactus pear margarita was the perfect balance of sweet and booze. . Apparently, their pisco is amazing too. . For an appetizer, we went with goat cheese queso fundido. I love cheese so this was fantastic & the goat cheese gave it an extra kick. . I ordered tuna for my entree. It was alright. The thing to get here is definitely the spice rubbed pork tenderloin. Holy deliciousness! It's spicy so beware. The tamale that came with the pork was cold. Boo.. Our server was great! . I was satisfied overall (i'm usually satisfied after stuffing my face) but I don't know if I'd come back. Probably only if someone else REALLY wanted to go.
Maybe my expectations were too high - but food was very disappointing.  It was ok - nothing spectacular or noteworthy.  Therefore it was definitely overpriced.  Wait staff was great though.
Roasted corn soup ($12) - It was too sweet for me.. . Tiger shrimp + Roast garlic corn tamale ($16) - Good.. . Blue corn pancake ($15) - Good, but too much sauce.  Sauce just tasted like Hoisin sauce.. . New Mexican spice rubbed pork tenderloin ($36) - Good, but some parts were too salty.  . . Food was good, but not amazing and not that memorable to me.  It was tamale overload cause each of our entrees came with a tamale and then there was the tamale from the tiger shrimp appetizer.  I'm not a big fan of tamales.
Just ok. Not impressed. Too many flavors that complicate each meal. And the grouper was not cooked properly.  Thomas Keller and Mario Batali have this iron chef beat.
I had lofty expectations going in to Mesa Grill and I felt like everything was just "meh." We went in with a party of 5 and got seated rather quickly for a Sunday brunch. We had all heard great things about Bobby Flay's food and we really wanted to try it before we left. I got the signature shrimp tamale that Bobby Flay is known for and it was just sort of bland to me. The shrimp was perfectly cooked but the sauce was "meh" and there wasn't enough of it. I really wish there was more kick to it. Our table also had the steak and egg which was just okay and my other friend ordered this cold sliced pork sandwich that was actually the favorite of the table. It was very nicely seasoned and what we would have expected for Bobby Flay's food. Also, they give you a nice bread basket at the start of the meal which was really good.. . The service was also medicore (seemed like they wanted to get us out even though there was a bunch of empty seats). All in all, an okay place. I'll have to maybe try it again for dinner.
Food is excellent. The blue corn cake and the Partido Margarita were awesome. However, my entree, the green chile burger, I ordered medium and it came out well done. I informed the waiter but they didn't offer to fix it or comp me for it.  Choked down 1/2 a dry burger.  Guess I'll stick to The Burger Palace.
I thought the burger was all right and I would visit again, but the restaurant is not a must stop on my Vegas trips. The green chile burger was topped with pickled onions, which I didn't understand. While the meat was juicy, it wasn't as flavorful as I had hoped. Maybe I caught the chefs on an off day. I prefer a burger from Rustic Canyon. The pork from the New Mexican spiced pork tenderloin sandwich was all right and more flavorful than the burger. The seasoned fries were yum and crispy.. . Notables: all of the desserts have nuts.
We ate lunch at Mesa. We started off with the white goat cheese fondito  it was very good.  We followed that up with Mesa Burgers.  Very nice in appearance, but it was nearly impossible to eat.  Lettuce and grilled onions on the bottom of the burger ??  That caused all sorts of slippery problems.  Lol!   The mustard was actually horseradish with a teaspoon of Dijon in it. Made the eyes water....  I had much higher expectations from BF. $51.00 for 2 burgers and an appetizer and 1 Tea.  Glad we tried it out but won't be back.
I LOVE Bobby Flay.  That being said, I was slightly disappointed with my experience at Mesa Grill.  My husband and I made a reservation for dinner several weeks in advance, and we were promptly seated when we arrived.  We were greeted by our server that had a lengthy initial spill about specials and whatnot (I stopped listening after about 30 seconds).  After enjoying a long happy hour, we opted to cool it on the martinis at dinner, and our server pushed and pushed and pushed for us to buy drinks.  I understand that it's your job to sell and upsell, but geez, I was very irritated with her before we even got our entrees.  Once we ordered our entrees, we were delivered a lovely basket of assorted breads which were heavenly.  After seeing Bobby's tiger shrimp on "Best Thing I Ever Ate", we opted to start off with them.  They were also very delicious.  My husband ordered the tuna, and I ordered the salmon.  We were both very disappointed.  The tuna flavors just seemed off, and my salmon was very undercooked (I specified medium rare), and it was definitely rare.  The sauces that lay under the salmon were divine, however.  Other than the entree disappointments, I was highly surprised by the inefficiency of our server.  She was very slow and not knowledgable enough for an upscale-ish place of this sort.  There is some tweaking to be done at Mesa Grill.  I'm not sure if we'll be back.
Mehhhh! So we had 5pm dinner reservations for 6ppl. 3 of us arrived a few minutes early and checked in, the host advised us we wouldnt be seated until all of our party arrived and that our table wasnt ready. Thr waiting area was packed and we sat at the bar. There were a ton of empty tables, but whatev. We ordered 2 Partida margaritas and I asked for a frozen one but it was either straight or on the rocks... Ok, when anyone thinks of a margarita they think of a yummy frozen drink. This was the second fail.  . . The rest of our party arrived and we let the waitress know... But we still ended up waiting another 20mins. Finally we get seated and our waitress gives us our menus and 2 mins later asks if we are ready to order, ahhh! No way man!. . I look at the menu and first im in price shock, but then I was like "is this all?" The selections werent impressive at all. I usually only eat chicken and here they had only one dish!!! They had a ton of meat and a lot of fish. The entree prices are 25$ and up. We ordered a few apps: the shrimp tamale, the chicken tacos, the chorizo meatballs, and some salads.. . Ok so heres the rundown!. . The apps: ok so for 12$-18$ for apps I expect not just 1 tamale or 3 small balls... But this is what you get. The chorizo had a smooth texture, which I am not used to, and were sooo small! Basically each of the 6 of us got half a ball. We also had to share 1 measly tamale and 3 chicken skewers and soft tortillas... Ahh! . . Dinner: I ordered 16 spice chicken. I noticed that the sides were 8$ each... What!? Whatever we ended.up ordering 2 mashed potatos which to me were creamy and bland &Some brussel sprouts. My chicken came and it was a piece of dark and light rubbed in what seemed like adobo spices. I tried it and it def needed salt imo and towards the middle it looked a little pink so I stopped eating it. Sad face for sure. I ended up just eating some jalapeno bread and the dark piece.. . My gringo friends love it here; I am not a fan. Its a small amount of food for the price which was whatever. I didnt like that we had to wait for a reservation and my friend had to ask twice for items he ordered. The waitress was ok, a lil weird : ) we dropped 600$ with tip and they were acting like we were bothering them by asking them for things. Oh well! I did love their paper towels in the bathroom!
Not bad.  Came here for lunch.  Wasn't overly impressed by the hamburger.  So it alone brings down the ratings.  The fries were really good.  And the breads (corn bread, jalapeno bread, blueberry bread etc.) they provided for you were really tasty and unique.. . Want to try again.
The food was pretty descent for the most part. My biggest issue was that they used really bony scrappy cuts of meat for the lamb tenderloin and thought it was ok.
Duck was dry in BBQ duck appetizer. Coconut cake was meh. Got a stale piece of bread in my basket. Service was pleasant though. Creative menu, but complacency about details in the execution meant everything was just a little off.
(It's 5 o'clock in the morning). You ain't got to remind me. She already said if I don't come home on time. She might go crazy...at MESA GRILL! - T Pain (5 o'clock). . I don't think i fully embrace the whole tex-mex concept. I ordered the spicy chicken with sweet potato hash and two poached eggs and it didn't look anything like I expected it to. They were two huge meatball looking things with eggs on top and a hollandaise sauce with a weird spicy sauce on top of that. The whole concept of this dish seemed like a good idea adding in the sweet with the salty but the bites of chicken and hash were a little heavy handed. When you eat all the components together, its not a perfect blend but you just gotta play with the food a lil and find different combinations that work for you. . . Food: 3 stars --- Service: 3 stars --- Atmosphere: 4 stars --- Price(value): 3 stars
Good food.  Worst service in Vegas.. . This would have been a solid 4-star review had it not been for our server.  I found him off-putting from the start in a way I couldn't quite pinpoint.  Throughout the meal, however, he was absent at best and rude at worst.  Several times, I made eye contact with him and he walked right past our table.  He never checked in with us and when I asked him for the check, he nodded, placed it on our table after an interval and returned it without so much as a "thank you" or "have a nice day."  In a service town, I'm surprised he has a job.  Maybe just a bad day?. . The food!  It was good with some great mixed in.  We started with the Smoked Chicken Quesadilla which was the highlight of our meal.  Delicious smokey flavor, great guacamole and a tangy habanero (?) sauce.  Really good and very filling.  This could certainly be an entree, especially at lunch when we went.  My fella enjoyed the Smoked Shrimp Tacos.  Nothing outstanding but good.  I had the Lamb Cobb Salad.  The components of the salad were tasty but the presentation was an absolute mess.  Also, the massive size of the salad dwarfed the portion of lamb.  Ill-conceived but again, tasty.. . I'm not opposed to going back to Mesa Grill since there were many other menu items that looked appealing.  I have to say, however, that in a city with so much competition from other restaurants, there are some areas they could tighten up.
got here at 1:40 on a Saturday.. They were serving the Brunch menu.. (Who serves the Brunch menu at that time on a Saturday??. . We've been here before.... . had tuna nachos for an app.. had lamb salad for me.. (forgot what the wife had). The Tuna Nachos were awesome. absolutely the best Tuna type app ive ever had. It was like sushi with mini nachos on the side. It had some heat.. it had some tang. they were great.. . My Lamb salad was not that great. I kept finding myself trying to pick out things instead of eating it as a whole... not impressed with it at all... . Also, had the mesa burger last time i came here.. wasnt impressed with it either.. . So menu item wise this place to me is either a solid hit.. or  a solid miss.
I love Bobby Flay so I was excited to come here.. It was just OK.  I would give it 3.5 if that was an option.. Two entrees and two non-alcoholic beverages totaled $50 for lunch.  I had the pork tenderloin sandwich and bf had shrimp tacos.  Neither one of us was over the moon, but the service was excellent.  It wasn't horrible, it just wasn't as awesome as I was anticipating.
Had dinner with a large group. We had a superb wine, but I'm sure it was not cheap and was chosen by the hostof the dinner. The food? Well...the chopped salad was pretty mediocre, and too filling with all the red kidney beans it it. The table breads and muffins were too dry, kind of inedible.. . Duck pancake...like someone had poured half a bottle of cheap, sweet syrup on it so who knows what the duck tasted like.. . The porterhouse lamb chops - very good. This was by far the best thing I had. The lamb was perfectly grilled, and the sauce was inoffensive so you could enjoy the meat. . . Dessert - that warm, pudding-like cake that I can't remember. It was good, and chocolate. Like many restaurants they served the dessert and then came around asking for coffee as kind of an afterthought. The coffee service took so long that it was tough to wait on eating the cake. Dang, I like coffee WITH dessert. But, most restaurants haven't figured out how to serve both at around the same time.. . The restaurant is a nice spot in Caesars so I don't want to dissuade people from going. But, I'd make the grilled meat the centerpiece of what you order and not get too high on hope for the rest, based on what I experienced. And get a nice bottle of wine to go with it!
When I heard Bobby Flay owned this joint, I knew I had to try.... i watch Iron Chef religiously and I believe it caused my expectations to be alittle too high. . . Bread basket: (yes, I consider this a course) disappointing. I like my bread warm and fresh from the oven. These offerings were too cold to enjoy. . . Appetizers: got the romaine salad, gala apple salad, and the tiger shrimp tamale. I could have skipped all these dishes and saved more room for dessert. The tamale was good, but the flavors didn't have me singing to the high heavens... And the salads left much to be desired. The romaine salad lacked dressing and the croutons were way too soggy. The apple salad was mostly just chopped apple so it got too filling. . . Main course: definitely get the lamb chops or the glazed salmon. Both were perfectly cooked and I licked my plates clean. Delish!! However, skip the collard greens. They weren't worth the stomach room. But the table next to ours were raving about the Brussels sprouts, so I wish I gave those a try. . . Dessert: you can not leave the Mesa Grill without trying the Sticky Toffee Pudding. When i took my first bite the clouds parted, angels were singing, and all the stars aligned. This dessert will go down in the books! Yum, yum! . . Bottom line: it was a good date night. More misses than hits for me. Will I return? Maybe if I'm craving some sticky toffee pudding.
I went here for my Birthday dinner and had very high expectations for this restaurant. In the end, it was OK. I was actually pretty disappointed because I ordered lobster with scallops and the lobster was WAY undercooked and tasted terrible. Everything else was good but not worth the money that I paid for my meal. I think I paid around $48 for my plate, so I was expecting to at least really like what I ate. My spouse ordered the Tuna and he said it was good but was also underwhelmed by the overall taste of his dish. I wish I had chosen a better restaurant to eat at and I will probably never come here again. Bobby Flay was my favorite Food Network chef. Now I question his cooking abilities.
I love Bobby Flay!  Maybe I had too high expectations when I dined at Mesa Grill.  I was disappointed...the food was good but not what I expected.. We went for lunch, restaurant had a 30 minute wait.  We ordered:. Mesa grill margarita. Very good. Corn tamale with shrimp.  Good but not blown away.. . Green chile burger....good burger but no spice, could not taste the chile. Pork tenderloin sandwich. Bread was a bit burnt,  bland. Fries with both sandwiches...best thing we had,crispy . We did not get a bread basket..I feel a bit cheated..by the time I realized no bread we were done eating.  Service was okay. But not getting the bread , I have to deduct a star.. I really wanted to be impressed but was disappointed.
I had really been looking forward to eating here and scheduled my birthday lunch here while we were in Vegas.. . There were 4 of us and we were seated immediately for our 1pm reservation. I ordered a white peach margarita and it was delicious ($13). My husband got the margarita with the agave nectar in it and liked that as well ($16). I'd been studying the online menu for weeks and knew already that I was going to order the spicy chicken with sweet potato hash. . . The bread was really nice. I liked the cheddar and jalapeno best. It was spicy and yummy.. . We ordered the queso fundido to start. It was several cheeses (including goat!) with peppers and blue corn chips. YUMOLA!!!! This was delicious.. . Our entrees arrived and I cut into my poached egg and was unhappy to see the white was runny and gooey. That's not how a poached egg is supposed to be. A solid white, runny yolk is the norm. The hash was delicious, but some of the sweet potatoes were crunchy, not tender. They were clearly undercooked. My husband got the pork tenderloin sandwich and we were surprised to see it came cold.  I took a bit and did not like it, but he said he did. Our 2 other companions enjoyed their Mesa Burgers.. . I sent my dish back and waited about 15 minutes for a new one. A manager brought over the new one and apologized for the mistake. I cut into my poached egg once again and the white was solid - yay!  But the yolk was completely solid too - boo!  Why can't this place cook a poached egg correctly? I can do it and I can't cook worth shite.  So, the manager came back to ask how it was and I told him I've been waiting months to come here and I'm pretty unhappy with the way this dish came out. So he said he was sorry once again and said he would remove it from the bill. Nice, but not what I wanted for my birthday lunch.. . Even though it was my birthday, they didn't offer us a gratis dessert. We looked at the menu and nothing really stood out, so we passed.  Disappointed overall, but parts of the meal were good enough for 3 stars.
after years of watching bobby on throwdown, I was really looking forward to find out what I had been missing. to desribe my experience in 1 word; disappointing .. . the shrimp tamale appatizer was the highlight of the meal. the grouper was bland. the chocalate bread pudding was tasteless (was removed from bill). the bar is set high coming to a restaurant owned by a famous chef. for me, they did not deliver. too many other and better choices in vegas.
A credit card to guarantee a reservation or a $50 per person no show fee. Really!. . Wednesday night was busy but we were seated and served promptly. The waitress knew her product and made several valid suggestions. The wine list was not large but sufficiently diverse to serve almost any taste. We chose a mid priced French pinot noir which was well received.. . Cocktails at $15 + were pricey but good quality. Our starters of soup, salads and shrimp were unremarkable but no complaints. The entrees varied from lamb to crusted tuna and were generous portions without the need for sides. I personally chose the tuna and requested as rare as possible - I wasn't disappointed.. . With coffee for all and one desert, our bill was $375 plustip. The $100 coupon I was using was rather loudly announced to my guests which I didn't appreciate.  . . Overall, a pleasant dinner but I felt a little rushed for a restaurant of this quality.
Bobby Flay is one of my Food Network idols, and so we decided to go dine there during our week-long stay in Las Vegas. The night before, we had excellent Bone-in Rib Eye Steak at Joe's Seafood Prime Steak (Las Vegas), and couldn't wait to see how Mesa Grill would stack up.. . The decor was very nice and modern inside the Caesar's Palace, with staff just lined up and ready to serve.. . Our waiter highly recommended the following signature items:. . Partida Margarita. Pork Tenderloin. Tiger Shrimp Tamales. Blue Corn Duck. . The first two were supposedly Bobby Flay's most famous dishes, and they all tasted good. Sure, the dishes we tried were quite good and surprisingly filling, but for the same price, the five of us agreed that Joe's Seafood Prime Steak was the restaurant we'd rather pick.. . However, if you prefer a restaurant with views of good-looking people, Mesa Grill had better "views."
I had the lamb chops in a balsamic Serrano chili reduction sauce. The chose I ordered medium rare. The plate was saturated in this sauce which was incredibly over powering, too vinegary and really needed to reduce longer or use a better quality balsamic. I had this taste in my mouth for days. It was edible but I don't feel was executed properly and for the cost I would expect that. When i told the waiter he said it's not for everyone. I explained that the issue was the vinegar was over powering and if it was properly done it should be more sweet than vinegar. The lamb chops were a little over done cooked medium well-ish and were and effort to cut. The tamale served with it was underwhelming at best. . . My friend had the ciopinno, and it was phenomenal.. I was very  very jealous of his dish and he was lovely to share with me. The flavor of the broth was sensational, I could drink the broth. The seafood was quality.. . We had the hibiscus margaritas, which I loved! . . The bread served at the beginning was interesting. Some I liked more than others. the jalapeno corn bread I felt just had a weird flavor, and the taste of baking soda was intense. My husband didn't seem to notice. . . The ambiance definitely leaves something to be desires. I feel more as if i am in some high ceiling-ed cafeteria with table cloths. It's not romantic or special, more of a cattle call. I think the design could have lent a little more to the intimacy and experience of enjoying the food. Again, for the price I have had better for less. . . Based on my experience and for the cost this place, I would say I expected more.  The Ciopinno is what saved my experience. I might try this place again if I was with a group or person who insisted on going but would not get the lamb, and most likely wouldn't seek it out again.
Birthday weekend for an adorable Indonesian girl started here.  Was actually looking forward to this dinner the whole week.  No doubt the food will be full of southwestern flavor.  Dinner started with a bottle of Chimay blue and some duck pancakes.  The pancakes were succulent to say the least.  Very flavorful like tender BBQ pork chunks wrapped in a small thin pancake.  Not sure what it's made of but I'm sure it had blue corn in it.  It is Bobby Flay we're talking about.. . The main dish was rib eye steak.  I ordered medium rare but the waitress suggested medium due to the rarity near the bone.  Seems some people don't like it that rare.    Turns out the inside near the bone was pretty good.  Tender and a small amount of pink.  The only issue was the ends of the rib eye was burnt and cooked all the way through.  Oh well next time I stick with what I know.   The steak was generally minimalist which I like.  Not too much sauce just salt and pepper.  The steak was quite large, enough to share a small piece with 4 others. . . The favors were returned and I got to taste the pork tenderloin.  Now that is a great dish.  Three tender cylinders about one and a half inches in diameter and two inches tall.  How they cook the meat through and keep it so tender with the tasty crust not burned is impressive.. . We all shared the toffee pudding which as tasty.  All in all the dinner was just fun.  The venue is just ultra nice and modern and the atmosphere frou frou.  Of course I had to take a couple of pictures of me knawing on the bone.  This is obviously after two Chimays so I take no responsibility for driving our dinner neighbors away.  LOL.. . I expected to pay a bit for such ambience and great service but I would not do this on the regular.
I'm giving this review 3 stars and really has nothing to do with the food, which was fabulous by the way. It has to do withwhat I saw. We were seated at a table right across from the kitchen, which by the way is pretty open so you can see the going ons as well as see the food being set out for the wait staff. We saw one of the food prep employees take a french fry off the plate that was set out for a customer and EAT IT! Then, even worse, we saw another food prep person, who was wearing gloves, pick something out of her coworkers hair as he bent down then continue on her job. Just gross....and your standing out where everyone can see you! Food was great but get a grip on your staff
I freakin love tamales and this place has some amaaazing shrimp tamales!. . We ordered the Tiger Shrimp and Roasted Corn Tamale - the shrimp were perfectly cooked, super tender and the tamales were made with a mixture of masa AND fresh corn kernels. I have had my fair share of tamales and this is by far my favorite.. .  We also received complimentary breads that included a Blue Corn Cornbread. This had awesome flavor but was really dry. It crumbled every time I stuck my fork in it... . My BF ordered the Green Chile Burger... the burger was cooked perfectly. The meat was well seasoned and really juicy but the green chile didnt really add anything to the burger.... . Everyone talks about Mesa Grill's Churros... I knew I wanted these but I wanted to check out the rest of the dessert menu too. I guess it bothered the server that I wanted to see the dessert menu before we finished our dinner because he kind of gave me an asshole look and said "well we usually give those to you after you've finished your meal". Listen jerk, I'm on vacation and if I wanted to eat dessert as my meal, with my meal or in lieu of my meal THEN I CAN! . . Anyhoo they didnt even have the damn churros so everyone lost.... . Overall, I was expecting more from this place. Dishes are hit or miss - some were awesome, some not so much.
love the Food Network & Bobby Flay, so we tried Mesa on a busy Sunday night at Caesar's after an Aretha Franklin concert let out, at around 10pm. Called for reservation and they had a last minute cancellation, so we got in.. . Previous reviews are accurate- seating is damn cozy and you can def hear conversations next to you- restaurant is small and is immediately adjacent to the casino's sports book & club Pure.. . bread basket was interesting- hubby liked the corn bread & raisin bread, I liked the jalapeno brea . . husband had veal chop - nice size, tender; came with a corn tamale; tamales area common side here & a corn, separate side order; I didn't like the a la carte pricing for sides; his chop was $48, and he can't get a real side with it? this isn't a fancy steak house where you expect everything to be a la carte, but OK!. . I had chile honey salmon; it was tasty, but kind of a small portion; tasty sauces but not enough of them; I had twice baked horseradish potato, sounded bomb, would have been bomb, but it was too salty;. . there are not a lot of veggie options here, not a lot of green anything, but lots of corn.. . interesting, different experience, but would not come back.
The dining room of Mesa Grill is very sleek with dark wood furniture and bursts of colorful accents.  The hostess was friendly, and our waiter was excellent.  The bread basket was good and came with blue corn and bell pepper muffins.  I ordered the corn soup to start and the smoked chickenand black bean quesadilla.  The corn soup was excellent and had a spicy kick from the chipotle cream.  Quesadillas seem so pedestrian, but I was dying to try a Bobby Flay quesadilla.  Frankly, this was a bit disappointing because the tortilla seemed overcooked and slightly burnt.  The smoked chicken component was good, but I couldn't find much black bean.  Overall, this dish was underwhelming.  I also sampled my friend's veal, which was excellent.  The lobster tacos were very good but also very small.  I'd recommend Mesa Grill if you like dolled up Southwestern fare - just skip the quesadilla.
Not worth the price for the food here. We ordered the tiger shrimp with the garlic corn tamales to start with, and the porterhouse lambchops entree.  Both were really good, but overly heavy, creamy, and overpriced! We were also served a basket of various breads, which were baked fresh and were pretty neat. EVeryone seemed to be raving about the blue corn muffin, but i found it to be too crumbly and not very sweet for a muffin. My favorite out of the bread basket was the asiago cheese jalapeno bread. . . Overall, food was delicious, but just overly heavy and overpriced. The service at the restaurant, however, is absolutely superb. Fantastic service from our server, and also by the rest of the staff that greets you when you enter and also bids you farewell as you leave.
Had brunch here today. ambiance is nice as you might expect from a Bobby Flay restaurant. I had the Mesa Burger. I ordered it medium rare and that's how it came. It was put together well, but, it wasn't the  great burger i had hoped for. It wasn't juicy as a burger should be and the bun was slightly to big and bready  and overshadowed the burger. The goat cheese fondue was good. we also had at the table Salmon, Sea Bass, and a quesadilla. Even though I gave it three stars ( mainly based on my burger) I will go back and try other things. Ibelieve their is potential for a four or even five star rating. I shall follow up this review after my next visit to the Mesa Grill.
I was excited to try my first Bobby Flay Restaurant. When I walked in, I was very surprised by the casual environment. I was under the impression that it was going to be a little more formal than it was. There wasn't anything extravagant about the interior, very simple. Sadly, we have been drinking the whole day and wasn't really hungry from the really late lunch we had.. . We ordered the smoked chicken quesadilla and wasn't too amazed. You can definitely skip this appetizer. We then got the Blue Corn Lobster Tacos which was full of flavor and very good! A definite appetizer to get.. . Due to us not being too hungry we ordered the crusted Tuna Steak. The tuna was delicious but it too wasn't something we would order again. I think we might of just ordered the wrong plates because a 9 year old boy ordered the rib eye and his dad got the NY strip steak and it looked AMAZING. The lady to my left ordered the cioppino and that too looked AMAZING.. . I definitely want to check out the NY location for their brunch menu that they are well known for and try out Bobby Flay's food again... when I am not so full. Till then...
I only had brunch here and was disappointed with both my entre: chilaquiles and drink. However, the service was fantastic (Thanks Amanda!) and so were the appetizers.
My boyfriend and I went to Vegas for his birthday and since both of us are foodies we figured we mine as well try one of B.Flay's restaurants. We have really enjoyed some of his cooking shows so we had high hopes for our mean. . . The pros are that they managed to create a unique new-age Spanish atmosphere in the middle of Caesar's. The second is that they know how to cook meat PERFECTLY. My boy got the pork chop and was blown away by spice and tenderness. The last positive was that service was stupendous. There was never a moment where are drinks weren't full or our requests weren't immediately answered. . . The OKAY aspect of Mesa was their specialty drinks... each one had unique flavor combinations but come on people... add some really alcohol here!!! I mean we are in Vegas baby!. . The negatives were that everything else we ordered was BLAND BLAND BLAND!!!! We started off with the Queso Fundio. I ordered their stuffed pepper and all the side we shared were boring as well: double baked potato, corn bread and the collard greens. I was so disappointed I wanted to warn people walking in the restaurant that is wasn't worth our money. . . Summary... BLAND overpriced food overpowered the good service and atmosphere.
Pros- swank, prestigous b/c of Bobby Flay and right across from PURE nightclub.  Most of the food delicous and fun fusion. . Cons- not aiming to please.  They're just trying to push through the tourists and not looking to make the locals happy (aka. repeat customers).. **This may have been an "off night" for them.  Everyone at my table had been there before and said that they've seen it run better in the past.
Who knew corn soup could be SO delicious?!?  . . I was dining by myself so my options were "at the bar" or "come back in three hours and we can seat you".  I picked the bar and was super duper glad I did.  Bartender was fabulous.  Was talkative but not overbearing, knowledgeable and tolerable (at least with the idiots next to me who apparently didn't believe that anything could be better than Disaronno).. . Margaritas (white peach in my case) were strong and went down easily...luckily I stopped after one!  Quesidillas were okay - nothing too memorable.  But the corn soup was complex and delicious.. . I wish I had had more of an appetite.  There were a bunch of things I would've loved to have tried.  Overall a pretty decent experience though.
My second time at Mesa Grill was not as great as the first, though the food was still delicious.. . First off, they wouldn't seat us in the dining area because my sister's fiance was wearing a hipster trash wife beater, so we decided to sit in the bar.  We would have left at that point, but we were too hungry to find another place.  . . Our waitress Christine was delightful and the food was very good.  I had the smoked shrimp tacos, which were delicious but a bit salty.  Plus, there were only 6 little shrimp on a $22 plate. . . We were all too hung over to get a drink, but the tequila selection was extensive and looked quite tempting.  . . Overall, I'd go back and not dress like a scumbag so I can sit in the restaurant.  Dinner did look pricey, so lunch was a great time to go.
I went to Vegas a couple of weeks ago and was treated to Mesa Grill by some friends.  This was the second time I had been to the restaurant, the first time being about 7 years ago.  I had fond memories of Mesa Grill from the past, but was slightly disappointed this time around.  Since I was not paying, I only ordered an entree, so I ordered the ribeye.  The meat was perfectly cooked to medium ( the server suggested this instead of medium rare)  ... it looked like medium rare to me anyway.  Perhaps, she was heading off some potential problem that the cooks might have been having with undercooking meat?  The steak was flavorful, but could have been accompanied with more of the sauces that came along side of it.  My only issue with the steak was that it did not come with accompaniments.  Every other entree selection (besides the filet) came with a side dish or tamale of some sort.  For $48, I expected something.  The waitress suggested that we order a couple of sides to split, so we got the corn and the spinach.  Both portions were TINY and really could not be split unless your idea of splitting them is a tablespoon serving per person.  Our waitress was very knowledgeable although a bit condescending... maybe that is not the best word...  over-confident perhaps?  Anyway, she was ok but kind of icy.  The others at my table had the veal chop and pork tenderloin.
The food was good but a bit overpriced. The drinks are fine. The ambiance is hip and casual for vegas.
I had almost eaten here on several trips; finally had a chance to have lunch here yesterday.  . . I really wanted to love the food: it's obviously very fresh and the presentation is nice.  But I thought the flavors were a little flat, especially given the price & expectation.  I was kind of bummed out about this, actually - though the corn bread was amazing (but my husband hated it. :). . The shrimp for my shrimp tacos was perfectly cooked and very fresh, but kind of boring.  The sauces were good (habanero mango was great) but there wasn't much else to accompany the shrimp except for some cabbage.  They gave me two tiny corn tortillas when they should have given me four.  (I'm sure they would have brought more but wasn't in the mood to ask, nor did the waiter offer.)  . . I had the prickly pear margarita which was recommended by our waiter - it was too sweet, and had too much tequila in it.  Go figure.  But it was pretty.  I've actually had their margaritas previously and was blown away by their balance, so I'm assuming maybe it was just the wrong bartender.. . I would try this again - especially given reviews and reputation - but I'm not rushing back.  There are so many other restaurants to get through in Vegas...
Have gone to Bobby Flay's Mesa Grill twice in Las Vegas. The first time it was fantastic, the second time not so much. For some reasons there is huge quality differences in the dishes.. . The first time I had Pork Tenderloin which was delicious. My girlfriend and son had the Filet Mignon. For sides we had the mashed potatoes and Corn Tamales. Everything was delicious and we were looking forward to going back the next time we were in Vegas.. . The second time as a big disappointment however. This time I had the Grilled Lamb chops, while my family had the Rib Eye steak. The lamb lacked flavor, and the steak as overdone. . . I would gladly go back and have whatI ate the first time, but would recommend everyone to avoid what we had the second.
i'm a huge fan of bobby flay and i always wanted to try out one of his restaurants!!!! . . however...i think my expectations were really high because the food was simply...OKAY...nothing extraordinary...nothing to rave about.... . i tried the new mexican spiced pork tenderloin sandwich and it was good but it was just average. it came with a side of fries and the taste was off. a little to salty for my liking. . . BUT! before our meal my friends and i were served complimentary bread and O M G! THE JALAPENO BREAD WAS AMAZING!!!. . overall, mesa girl was just okay. . Bobby flay i expected more from you!
Came and ate here with some friends at lunch before leaving Vegas.. . Corn chowder was spicy and delicious. Pork tenderloin sandwich with arugala was dry and ok tasting. Free bread basket with blue corn muffins and jalepeno bread was amazing. . Service was prompt and attentive. Nice view into the kitchen. I would definitely need to come again and try something else on the menu.
I've watched Bobby Flay on television for a long time and have been on the fence about him and his food.  However, given his successes I've wanted to give his food a chance.. . The brunch menu at Mesa Grill was a bit limited.  I ordered the Scrambled Eggs Chilaquiles with roasted tomatillo sauce, white cheddar cheese, and creme fraiche.  The scrambled eggs were fluffy and not overcooked.  The tomatillo sauce had a nice background heat that didn't overpower the sauce.  The eggs sat atop blue corn tortillas that surprisingly maintained their texture and didn't disintegrate while cutting.  . . The presentation and flavor were just good; nothing extraordinary.  The portion was a little on the smallish side.  . . I recommend you try their partida margarita (which was notable), but go elswhere for food.
Let me preface this by saying I enjoy dining at upscale restaurants.  Additionally, when I planned my Las Vegas trip, I knew I wanted to eat at a celebrity chef's restaurant (or two...).  Seeing as how Bobby Flay is one of my all-time favorites, it was pretty evident that Mesa would be the restaurant I wanted to choose.  Not to mention, I've heard and read great things about it.  . . I had called earlier in the afternoon to make reservations for that evening and was excited to hear that they had a few reservations available for a Saturday night (12/1).  However, I was attending a show at 10pm and the two reservations available were 5:30 and 8:30.  The hostess who answered the call was kind enough to tell me that the 8:30 time slot was going to be cutting it close for us and informed me that we could dine at the bar, with a full menu.  I thanked her and figured those were my plans.. . The restaurant ambiance is awesome.  The table layout gives each party their own little area to feel cozy, but not alone in the restaurant.  The vibe is energetic and hip.  . . Upon arrival, we told the hostessthat we were planning to dine at the bar because the wait for a table was 45-50 minutes.  She pointed out that a few specific guests sitting at the bar would be leaving to go to their table shortly.  I appreciated the tip.  Within maybe 15 minutes, the seats became available and we hopped up to the bar.  . . The bartender greeted us and I didn't order a specialty drink, but my Ketel martini was made perfectly. . . I had already eaten a lot earlier that day, so I ended up only ordering an entree: Black Florida Grouper.  My expectations were extremely high for this restaurant and unfortunately, the entree fell short.  My grouper was way overcooked.  It was tough and it didn't flake at all.  It was dry, but some of the sauce made up for that.  The flavor was definitely there -- the execution was not.  My friend ordered the Cornmeal Crusted Chile Relleno, which she said was delicious.  . . Additionally, being that I work in the service industry, I do not complain a lot and chose not to with this dish.  But I was very disappointed when our bartender didn't even ask how our dishes were.  In fact, we were pretty much ignored for most of the meal after our entrees were dropped.  I had to ask for the check myself after my empty entree plate sat in front of me for 10-15 minutes.  . . All in all, the food was mediocre and the service was as well. The only positive notes were the helpful hostesses.  Very disappointing for me to say the least, especially since this was the one part of the trip I was looking forward to.
Rolled in for a quick lunch today, and I mean quick! The place only had about 10 tables of customers in the large Bobby Flay owned restaurant.. . We were promptly seated, then greeted by a young man who brought us breads. Three kinds to be exact, a jalapeno, a raisin loaf and roasted corn muffins. They were all okay, non blew me away. The jalapeno bread was still a bit warm which was nice. The cocktail menu had 5 signature Chef Flay inventions that all looked like liquid dreams. Seriously yummy concoctions with obvious though and effort. There was an ample wine selection, like 22 pages of vino separated into categories by grape, not region. With that many wines, I often prefer it this way. Mesa Grill is a true Tex Mex establishment, and being such they had an entire menu for tequila and margaritas... 22 tequilas broken down into 5 separate categories!! Wow, can you say fun with a lime in your mouth?!  . . I ordered the pork sandwich and it came with a side of fries. The pork was well seasoned and juicy, the baguette crispy and soft and of course there was a ton of sauce that was infused with the smokey heat of Ancho Chili peppers that Flay has built an empire on! Oh and the herb spiced fries were quite tasty as well. So why only 3 stars? Honestly, it was A-OK, the food excellent and tasty, the service phenomenal, but there just wasn't any atmosphere... That feeling you get when you know you are somewhere special.... Would I return, yes! Should you, definitely! But, maybe for dinner.
The food was good. The wait, even with reservations, was disgustingly long. But realistically thats kind of what I expected being as it's a restaurant owned by a Food Network Chef.. I had the 16 spice chicken, and it was a tasty entree. Though, now that I am writing this review a while down the road, nothing particularly stood out to me though.. . However, if you want to dine in a big restaurant, owned by a big chef, and Southwestern is your thang, I'd say check it out.
If you like Tex-Mex/southwestern food, come here. It didn't blow me away, but that's because the style of food isn't my favorite.. . They have a great selection of wine, which is a plus. You'll be hard pressed to find a bottle under $50 though, so beware.. . For appetizers, we tried the tuna nachos, which were REALLY GOOD, and the goat cheese "queso fundido," which was EH. The queso didn't even taste like goat cheese and it was really oily and reminiscent of what happens when I microwave cheese at home with nachos.. . For my entree, I went with their only vegetarian option--the chile relleno. It was good, but, at the end of the day, it was cornmeal-encrusted chile stuffed with cheese for $25. I guess what I'm saying is this place is really pricey for what you get.. . The ambiance is nice, but the windows look right out into the sports book betting area, so it's not easy to forget you're in Vegas with a bunch of weirdos.
From grill master Bobby Flay, I expected a steak that was out of this world.  Instead, for $50, I got a bland well cooked steak that I could have done without.  Fortunately the steak wasn't the only dish we had.  We started with the tuna nachos, which I had read about in other Yelp reviews.  That was the highlight of the meal.  A real standout.  We also shared the goat cheese queso fundido.  Not the best fundido I've had, but it was okay.  I enjoyed the wine we had, but I don't think I'll be coming back to Mesa Grill again.  Sorry Bobby.
Mehhhh. I came here a few years ago so maybe it's changed but I came with a big party and none of us particularly liked our dishes. I expected a lot from Bobby Flay and his southwestern spicy palate, but everything was kind of bland and lackluster.
Enjoyed Mesa for brunch. Overpriced, though. Check it out if you're in Caesar's and like a spicy breakfast.
First, the Perfect Margarita.  Quite amazing.  . . B, the food.  I had the Pork Tenderloin which is supposed to be the bomb.  Well, it bombed.  For $36, I'll cook you a better tenderloin.  It was bland and weak.  The sauce was okay.  My buddies had steak and lamb and both were acceptable.  Not sure I'll venture past the bar here again.
This place is more 3.5 stars. Like most yelpers wish I had the option to do 1/2 stars. Anyway the spouse and I went for brunch when we were in Vegas and staying at ceasars. We were seated immediately which was nice but about 6 inches from the table next to us which was dumb. The servers were attentive (a welcome change from the servers at gordon ramseys nearby pub). I got the spicy scrambled eggs with potatoes. It was ok. My husband got the breakfast quesadilla which was also good. Nothing amazing for either of us and a bit pricey at around $17 a pop. The best thing about this place was the bread basket filled with amazing bread, muffins etc (some sweet, some savory and some spicy). I wish they offered their regular lunch menu on the weekends. I wasn't looking for brunch on a Saturday but didn't realize no lunch menu until I'd already been seated.
Had the grilled mahi mahi. Not too shabby. Too many flavors in one bite. Presentation was pretty. The decor in the restaurant was nice. Service wasn't too great. Our waiter never came by to check in after we got our food until we asked for the check. On the bright side, my husbands swordfish sandwich was delicious and was a pretty big portion for lunch. We might come back to try the dinner menu next time!
What happened?  Have eaten here 7+\- times and ALWAYS enjoyed...till this last time. We got the pork tenderloin and it just was not as flavorful as it was in the past. The tamale was dry and also flavorless.  Service was okay, but not the top notch as it was in the past.. This used to be our favorite, gotta eat here every time in Vegas place, but not anymore
Bobby Flays Mesa Grill - this restaurant requires a credit to make a reservation. I checked in and the hostess didn't offer any smile or greeting. Just asked if my party was all here. I said three of us are here and the 4th is on his way. This information put her in an even more sour mood.. We sat down and waited 15 minutes and decided to order. Our waiter was also concerned about our late friend. I ordered the pork chops which was excellent. The Churros were ok but not transcendent . The late diner arrived right after we put in our order and quickly chose his dinner. . Food was great but felt rushed and the whole dinner vibe was off. Yes we had one diner 15 minutes late but our reservations were 5:45pm not prime time dinner hour.. Need to work on customer service.
Been here twice.. First time was great but the second time just ok.. Don't know it just wasn't good as the first time.. Too bad..
It's okay.
We had a reservation which we arrived early for.  We were told to wait which turned into 15-20 minutes.   That was disappointing.. . Our server was Joel.  He was extremely attentive and suggested Margaritas which we both found to be on the tart side.  We had him sweeten them with Agave.. . For a Tuesday night the place was packed for dinner despite the poor reviews.. . I ordered the Pork tenderlon which was a little dry.  It came with a sauce that was tasty.  My girlfriend ordered the Ribeye which was HUGE.  I was extremely impressed by how much of dent she made in it.  It seemed to be cooked to order.  As per Joel's suggestion we ordered the corn as a side dish.  It was super tasty.  The highlight of the meal for me.. . All in all it was one of the better meals that we had in Vegas but I would search a few other places for the overall experience.
Came here before the Celine Dion show for convenience, but was really pleased with the our experience.. . The food overall was OK - I liked the flavors, but as it goes in Vegas, I was so stuffed from my previous meals, I don't think I enjoyed it as much as if I had eaten this is isolation (if that makes any sense).  But what was SUPERB this night was the SERVICE!  EXCELLENT SERVICE.  We were in a semi-rush to make our 7:30pm curtain call, and our waiter ensured that our food was out in time for us to enjoy our meal.  We even had to send our steak back to be re-grilled, and he did so quickly and courteously.. . Rib eye - This was the highlight of the table - marbled and juicy, with a tangy teriyaki sauce.  As I mentioned above, we had to send it back to be regrilled (we asked for medium rare, but I think in their rush to get us to our show, it came out a bit rare), but it was PERFECT the second time around.  Highly recommend.. . Corn side dish - You can't go wrong with sweet corn with cheese, cilantro, and lime.  I love tex-mex corn!. . Halibut - The waiter recommended this fish over the salmon and tuna.  It was soft with a crispy top.  I think it was over-shadowed by the steak, but still good.. . Chopped salad - Our attempt to balance out our meal with some ruffage.  Good.. . Lobster taco - An appetizer I think we could have done without.  Doesn't really stand out in my mind at all, though I didn't appreciate that the waiter was able to give us 4 pieces to share (instead of the standard 3).. . All in all, a solid meal, but would I come back?  Will all the options/restaurants on the strip?  Prob not...
I may have come in with too high of expectations given that this is a Bobby Flay restaurant, but left rather underwhelmed. While visiting vegas my friend and I decided that if there was one Iron chef restaurant we would make it to might as well make it a Bobby Flay restaurant and go for what he is known for.. some good grilled meat (steak and burgers in our case) with some heat. The burger was okay, nothing to write home about and there really wasnt much of a kick in the salsa they provided alongside of it. And Im a whuss when it comes to heat.. so I should have been able to feel it. My friend ordered the steak which was also good.. but not great. Being from Chicago and having been lucky enough to try some great food from well known chefs, I guess I almost always expect to be amazed by the food coming out of these kitchens..but that didnt quite happen. Plus the wait staff just seemed so disinterested in what they were doing. Not sure if it was just because they're stuck inside a casino all day..or they really didnt want to be there anymore.. but a smile could have changed this experience a whole lot more.
Catching up on some old reviews.  I visited the Mesa Grill with the S.O. on May 2nd.  I love chile rellanos when they're done right, and I thought to myself, "who better to make a kickin' chile rellano than Bobby Flay?"  So imagine my disappointment when my cornmeal crusted chile rellano had a dense, flabby crust that teetered on the edge of gross.  I'm not usually a sender-backer, but I made an exception here.  . . The S.O. had the coffee rubbed filet mignon, which I will say was cooked perfectly.  But if you're a person who likes subtle flavorings that allow the natural deliciousness of the protein to shine through, this is not the place for you.  The coffee rub was about as subtle as a smack with a two-by-four.  For the hefty price, meh.
I came here because I had a $50 voucher to dine at a restaurant in Cesar's palace, and I was familiar with Bobby Flay through his tv appearances though I had never been to one of his restaurant concepts. Here is the basic overview:. Service was not great, and in some moments outright poor.. Ambiance was nice, but extremely loud and crowded.. Prices were out of this world.. Food and drinks were good.. . We walked in on a busy Thursday night looking for a table for three-- I did not think to make a reservation, which I now know I should have.  Our wait was to be 45 mins unless we could find something at the bar. No problem, we only had to wait about 5 mins to get a banquet.  However, once we were seated,  we did not see our server/cocktail waitress for at least 10 mins.  She finally dropped menus and didn't return again for a while.  This was odd to me because it didn't seem like she would have been responsible for a lot of tables unless she was assigned a section outside of the bar as well, which seems like a poor decision because my party felt neglected-- compounding that with the number of loud men drinking around us it made for a rather uncomfortable environment.  A party member approached the bartender ( who happened to have a number of empty stools in front of him) to inquire about our server and purchasing a drink, but unfortunately he was quite rude and dismissive-- he did not offer to serve her a cocktail and told her "go sit down the server will get there when she can."  Hardly the type of response I would expect from a place where I would be paying $40 an entree.  Wow.. . When our server came over she took our orders with no questions, and was helpful in that she knew the vouchers we were using-- she was clearly familiar with the promotion, which was nice.  . . Despite the bartender's rudeness, he poured a very good martini.  The food too was lovely.  The side asparagus and corn were fresh and flavorful!  I also loved the ahi in the ahi tartare and the chicken from the skewers was excellently flavored!!  I don't regret the food, but overall the experience was not what I would have hoped for especially for the money.  I might return to the New York location with a reservation... But I'm not sure that I would be so thrilled about dropping a minimum of $50 a person for food that ultimately wasn't very filling (we split 5 apps and sides and ended up needing to get something else an hour later).  Perhaps it would be different at a table? Definitely plan ahead for this dining experience.
i expected more from bobby.  :(  i'm a brunch lover, and when i saw the brunch items available on his menu, i was excited to eat.  i got the chilaquiles, and my bf got the spicy chicken & sweet potato hash.. . firstly, the great part - his sauces are DELISH.  . . the chilaquiles were NOT chilaquiles.  too deconstructed.  sort of made it hard to eat and ruined it more me.  it was two blue corn tostadas with melted cheese between them and the eggs on top.  this is like a cross between chilaquiles and huevos rancheros (which i never order because i hate the tostada).  it was smothered in a wonderfully tasty green chile tomatillo sauce - YUM.  but ultimately not brunchy enough for me.  it was too serious.  i don't know.  i've had better.  it was hard to eat.  the tostadas get soggy under the sauce and are hard to cut.. . the boyfriends dish was FAR too rich for brunch - or almost any other meal.  i wouldn't have been able to eat it.  the flavors were good, but it was SO rich.  it had this green chile hollandaise on it, which is what sold the dish to us, but man o man, it was just so RICH.  and i LOVE me some eggs benny.  LOVE it.  this was too much.. . i don't know - after seeing some of the amazing dishes bobby's made on tv, it was just expecting more?  it's hard to put my finger on it......  just ugh.  disappointed.
We came here for lunch since a friend had good experiences here in the past. Service was great and our waiter was funny and helpful with the menu items. 'Oh, there's something you should know' was the comment after each of us told him what we wanted to order, which helped make sure there were no surprises when we got our food :). The complimentary bread basket they serve is one of the best yet, with a great variety of breads both sweet and savory, and softened butter to go with! My greatest pet peeve at restaurants is when they give you rock hard butter for your bread, how are you supposed to use that thing?! . . I ordered the bbq lamb cobb salad, which was just decent. The lamb was done very well and was very tender, and the bacon slices were tasty, but nothing about it was spectacular about it. They didn't seem to have the dishes that my friend had tried before during their brunch menu, so perhaps I need to come for dinner some time instead. For a first impression though, it was just ok.
MEEEEHHHHH. I mean, the tamales were awesome! The interior is beautiful, and we loved their spiced rubbed pork tenderloins. The other dishes weren't as flavor packed as you'd think. I went with the mango + spice tuna steak.. . The tuna was outstanding. Perfectly seared and it had a very fresh taste to it. The seasoning was so-so, but the cous cous was delicious!. . The dessert was a bit of a let-down. The churros were splashed with solid cinnamon but way too much herb. Felt like I was eating a root. . . Arriving here without a reservation will disappoint you, BUT if you just put your name down on the list; you may get a call sooner than you'd expect. We luckily had a reservation, however a walk-in group were seated right after us despite the host turning others away.
I'm not gonna go crazy with this review. I had a cheeseburger and fries to go. It was good. It filled me up. It did its job. I didn't want to short change Mesa just because I didn't dine inside.
Went in for brunch on Monday morning. Tiger shrimp tamale was fantastic as was my salmon. We also tried the burger but thought it was just okay... Seemed like any other burger.  Love their bread basket. . Kind of weird where we sat because outside the restaurant wall you can hear and kind of see the games that were playing on the big screen in the casino area.
