Why do people love this hotel so much? I had way more fun at the Hard Rock and the room was even newer for half the price.. . Went here recently around NYE 2010and had a decent time. The rooms are pretty big but the bathroom is tiny. I do appreciate the full length mirrors on both the closet door and wall - this is helpful when you're staying with 3 other girls and need to get ready at the same time.. . I like the flat screen and the music channels, and convenient location on the strip; but even so, I'd rather stay at Treasure Island next door because at least they have 24 hr pho!
The MIrage is cool, but I can't figure out what their theme is... I see trees and waterfalls, then I see aquariums.. I'm just not sure.. . In any case, we came here to see LOVE by Cirque Du Soleil, which was pretty good. However, it's a popular show, so the casino was PACKED when we got there. Not the usual kind of packed, but the "please don't touch me, oh god, what's that smell, sweet mother of shit, somebody get me out of this clusterf*ck" kind of way. . . After the show, we stopped by the bar near the registration desks and this self-proclaimed bookie talked our ears off for a good hour. We thoughtit'd be a good place to people-watch but we turned out to be the spectacles ourselves. Luckily the bartender tried to save us a few times with separate conversations, and luckily the guy got too drunk to speak by about 1am and we ducked out of there.. . Overall, I hear the rooms are quite good, but due to the clustered casino and crazy long line for a taxi, I'm happy just to visit.
The first year this casino opened I hit the only royal flush I have ever hit.  I did it at a bar on the floor that has been gone for over 10 years. I probably dropped all my money back her since then. This trip to Vegas I stopped at the Sports Bar and played for a while and actually won $20.  They also had Widmer Hefeweizen on tap which was a big plus.  If you stop here it is well worth your while to go out back and see the dolphins from underwater and the other animals in the small zoo.
I liked the revolution lounge the most! The vibe is pretty decent and the crowd is pretty young which I like. This place is pretty clean and doesn't really smell bad. I'd want to stay here!
I'm really on the fence between the three and four stars.  My friend and I were there at 3:00pm (official check in time) and we were told that NO rooms were ready except for one that was a smoking room with no view.  I hate smoking rooms so that wasn't even an option for me.  I booked this room really cheap at $39.00 per night...and I think that they just advertise those prices and once you get there those rooms don't exist or you need to wait THREE additional hours for it to be cleaned.  I think NOT!!!  I just drove 5 hours to get here...I am not waiting three more hours for a 10 minute clean job plus I had tickets to the Love show for that evening and I wanted to get ready and relax before the show.. . But of course for $20.00 more a night you can "upgrade" your room and have a view of the strip.  I was really unhappy about being backed into a coroner like that but I was tired so I did it.  But I still feel that they ripped me off.  And of course it was the VERY LAST room at the end of the hallway...which I told her I didn't want but she gave it to me anyways!  Other than that the hotel is well maintained.  The rooms are decent...the bed was really nice and comfortable...and I did have a nice view of the strip.  . . The location of this hotel is great and probably the best thing about it.  They also have some nice restaurants to choose from, a free Volcano show and the Dolphin/Tiger habitat.  I would probably stay here again but I would just book a nicer room to begin with so I won't be hit up with upgrade charges at the last minute.
This place was pretty cool even though I didn't stay here, but I checked in for my friend to stay couple nights.  Walking distant to a lot of shopping mall and assuming it's relatively inexpensive since it's also one of the older LV strip hotel.
The beds are way too soft. Good  service and pleasant staff though.
Although it is centrally located and has the cool imitation-volcano in the front, I left with mixed feelings for a couple reasons:. . Even though I requested a Strip-side view of the volcano, I got a room on the back-side near the elevators.  The walls were paper-thin, and hallway traffic (including screaming and shouting from passing guests) could be heard off-and-on all evening.  However, I will confess that the view was still decent and the decor in the room was nice.  But, the hotel was still overshadowed by the lack of solitude in the rooms and the jacuzzi (as of 2/20/11) was far from being adequately heated.  Plus, the hotel attempted to charge me for the entire mini-bar in the room.  Evidently, there are sensors on the mini-bar that detected when I removed items to refrigerate my own.  However, there was no warning present on the mini-bar, and it caused unneeded hassle.
I hear good things but realistically the mirage just isn't my style. I dig the modern and eclectic and this place is just old farty to me. We went to see the lions but that didn't end up happening so we took the tram to TI to see dophins.
I hope they fired the idiotic valet driver that almost ran me over just to beat a red light, and ended up smashing into another hotel guest's Hyundai. . . Disregarding the fact that they hired a psycho maniac driver, I can't complain too much about The Mirage. Rooms are offered at a decent price, but have been noticeably steeper than what they were in the past. The exotic gardens located at the main entrance make a great photo op. Every dining venue in this building is a tasteful experience and not one to be missed. I especially recommend Japonais, Kokomo, & Samba. And last, but not least, there's a considerable amount of tables scattered amongst the casino grounds. I've seen the basic black jack limits start from $5-15, so it's not a bad place to start off if you're a small gambler. It's a shame they don't pay out for quad aces in the poker room. I've hit some of my biggest winning  pots here, yet no extra cash for the rare obtainable hands. . . Based on a great location on the strip and being close to all the nearby hot spots, I'd recommend staying here. Just remember to look carefully before crossing the street...
We milled around in the Mirage on Mon 2/22/11 waiting for Yelp Night at Jet to start. . . I played the penny slots trying to win the BMW that was spinning around on a lazy susan above my head. No luck there. . . I went back into King Ink. It was soooo different at night. I left.. . I went onto Jet with the rest of my friends. . . I'd return I guess. It's a-ok with me.
Definitely not one of my favorite hotels, but definitely not the worst.. . I stayed here recently for my company's convention that was held at the convention center here and being that everything was paid for through by our company, I guess I really can't do as much complaining as I'd like....though I am.. . The Mirage Hotels seem to be more darker and dingy (casino wise) compared to the majority of the nicer hotels/ casinos. . . I had visited this casino many times before however, this was my first time actually staying at the hotel.. . The rooms are newly updated to a modern/contemporary decor. The carpet in the hall ways however were horrendous and looked like something straight out of the 70s ugh.... . The actual room I stayed in was ok, though there were more down falls then good. No little coffee maker (I love those things) there was a minimal amount of towels and worst off, I stayed there two nights and NOT ONCE did a maid come in and make our beds and refresh the room ...major downfall and to make it even worse THE WALLS WERE THIN....lets just say you can here EVERYTHING...which meant less sleep...ughh.... . As for the convention center and rest of the shops? They seem to have a nice selection of shops..Blizz yogurt is a great little place to satisfy your sweet tooth as well as another popular candy shop close by and the rum bar is a chic, beautiful hip bar that's perfect for the night life. The actual shopping areas are cheerful, bright and appear to be well kept too.. . The convention center that our event was taking place at was gorgeous I must say, the bathrooms were beautiful and extremely clean. The food that was catered to both our lunch in and dinner party that night were certainly nothing to write home about though. . . Overall, I would come here again to dine at the restaurants and maybe give someone a tour of the place who has not been here, but never would I stay here again.
My girlfriends and I stayed here for our friends bachelorette weekend. The location was nice since it's kind of in the middle of everything we wanted to go to; right across the street from the Venetian, next to Caesars and the most we paid for a taxi was about $7 and that was to go to XS at Encore (we could've walked but it was really cold that night). . Check in and out was quick and the staff was really friendly. They've got some good dining options there; BLT Burger (where we ate), CPK, Cravings (buffet) and other ones I can't remember. The Atrium was pretty and the fish were cute LOL.JET nightclub is there and we were at The Beatles Revolution Lounge only for a quick minute but the music was on point. . . I didn't really gamble here (well, I won $25 on the penny slots LOL) so I'm just reviewing the room itself, which was pretty nice and spacious. The bathroom was small but it did it's job and the fixtures were clean and modern. The beds were nice but the pillows were to soft for me. Also, housekeeping tried to get in really early, like before nine, if I remember correctly, so that was kind of odd.. . By the entry, there is a full length mirror and mirrors on the coat closet which, I believe, is meant to be a "getting ready" area; however, the lighting wasn't that great so it was kind of hard to see. The outlets were weird too. Our hair tools kept falling out of the sockets so that was kind of a pain. . . FYI: Be sure to take a picture by The Beatles Lounge. Great shots there :]
I stayed at the Mirage in February with my boyfriend. Do not get me wrong--Mirage has an awesome value with extraordinarily beautiful tropical surroundings, cool nightclub options, nice tasty restaurants, and a couple of good shows, nice buffet though overpriced. But they did not have enough shows for me especially in the cheaper range (I guess that's about the clientele they are pursuing). The slots were not paying out to me and neither was I winning on the tables. I took out money from an ATM and everyone was staring hard at me (not sure why....perhaps no one ever uses because of the very high fees...I did not care). The ambiance is tooo dark in the casino...it made the experience rather gloomy. The people at the player's club were just rude. The rooms were clean and spacious with a cool view but the dark orange and brown tones were too masculine for my taste. I like pastels or light colors, and the colors of a room can affect my mood---no money for Mirage! . . I still love the out-front volcano and South-beach theme--GORGEOUS!
The current review of 3.5 stars is about right for this hotel. Let's be honest, the rooms are nothing special. The hotel itself is beautiful, crowded and full of things to waste money on. The casino is one of the best in Vegas and you'll find this out quickly when you see how much more crowded it is compared to Venetian, Monte Carlo, etc.... The whirlpool here is...well pathetic. The pool is awesome. The Dolphin/Tiger "exhibit" should be free or at least not cost more than $10. Hotel staff are friendly.
A solid 3 star hotel, room was nice, bathroom kind of sucked but I really loved the pool! Tropical, lots of shade if you looked for it and the pool area itself was pretty nice. For the price ($40/night) we had a great time. Be aware that you will pay the $20 resort fee but I used the wifi and the pool so it was worth it to me.
Short review: Eh.. . Long review:. . Like most places, there were good and bad components.  First off, their location is excellent, pretty spot on in the middle of the strip (sorry Aria, the center of Las Vegas has NOT shifted).  Easy walk to both southern and northern strip casinos, lots of restaurant choices for each price level, lots of gambling space with a good variance of limits.. . Restaurants we tried:. Carnegie Deli - very good, the food isgood, as is the service, but the prices are a tad high, but not high to the point where you feel unsatisfied.. . Onda - only bad part of our trip, excellent food, terrible employees (see my Onda review). . Cravings - decent buffet, nothing special, but a good variety.. . Paradise Cafe - pretentious on a budget?  the menu was littered with food items that tried to have exotic or gourmet ingredients, but the prices were relatively cheap.  found out why when i got my meal, pretty unsatisfying and surprisingly heavy for a cafe that wants to be known as a light lunch place.. . Blizz - my wife enjoyed it, surprisingly cheap for Las Vegas. . The pool was pretty weak.  I was very excited about it going in, but it was too crowded with chairs on top of each other.  Everyone was saving spots, so if you don't find one try slipping a 10 or 20 to an attendant there who will clear towels for you.  Still though, it was pretty weak compared to other pools.. . The room was standard.  I hate the new resort fees that MGM properties added recently, but was happy that it was removed for comped nights.  If I had to actually pay for this, I'd be pretty mad, as the wireless was INCREDIBLY SLOW.  Whenever I needed internet, I just used the mobile hotspot feature on my 4G thunderbolt (Droid Army!!).. . I would stay there again if I got another comped deal, but the crowd was a bit old for me and the wear and tear is showing.. . Overall, nothing horrible, nothing great.
My visit was just for the kids.. we went to see the Secret Garden. The baby's loved the dolphins, lions and tigers.. oh my! . . Can I just say that $38.00 for a buffet is outragous especially for a party of 16, half of our party was under 14....
Out of all the times I've bn to vegas this was the 1st time I stayd at this hotel and 1st time I even walkd thru ths casino. . . Room - very nice and spacious and up to date. Very clean and decent bathroom. . . Buffet - lunch buffet was 20 each. But it suckd! Food wasn't good! . . Pool - nice pool area but dirty as hell! But to me all vegas pools are dirty! Water was not clear! Kinda foggy! Gross! My frenz daughter saw a mouse in the bushes that's around the jacuzzi area. . . I wud stay here again.
I really enjoyed staying here.  Granted, I used a promotional code and got a great deal and probably never will stay here again without one, but I liked it.  . Check in was a little confusing, but there was an employee to guide us the right direction.  The girl checking me in had a weird smirk on her face when I answered her questions that I got a weird vibe from, but I was hungover, could have been me.. My standard size room was much larger and felt roomier than any other standard sized rooms I've stayed in in Vegas.   It was decorated tastefully and modernly.  Our view sucked, however.. It's in a good location on the strip.  We walked to the Forum Shops, Caesar's Palace, Harrah's, Paris, Bally's fairly easily.  If you're leaving by taxi, you exit onto the strip.  That suckkkkkks.. They have a lot of tables, machines, a huge sports book, and many restaurants.  They have a Starbucks too which is a necessity in Las Vegas.. One complaint I have is about the dolphins.  Dolphins have no place in the Nevada desert.  How sad are they living in a little pool doing tricks for fish to entertain hillbillies?  Set them free.  They have the tigers there that attacked Roy.  No concern about the true welfare of WILD animals.  They are not domesticated pets.  (That's the end of that soapbox). Anyway, beautiful hotel.  Great food.  Great Cirque show.  Big casino.  Great location.  If they dropped their regular room rates, I may be a return guest.
There weren't any problems that occurred when I stayed at the Mirage, but I wasn't blown away. Checking in and out was a breeze for us. Our room was not that big, but it was nice. The view sucked though! We had a view opposite of the strip. They did have several food choices. We had breakfast at BB Kings and dinner at blt buger. Of course everything was overpriced, but its Vegas! The one good thing was they had a 24 hr convenience store right by the elevator. Didn't get a chance to go inside the pool, but it looked nice. I don't understand why they charge a $20 daily resort fee. The great thing about this hotel...location! Its right in the middle of the strip next to Venetian and Cesar's Palace.
Regular hotel. . Clean and good rooms. Pricing is regular and they have free parking. . Inside they do have good restaurants though.
Disclaimer: I'm not a Vegas guy. Neither my wife and I dig the Vegas vibe but we (son included) wanted to see The Beatles Love show, so we chose The Mirage.. . No complaints really. Pool/Strip view room was great and reasonable (Thurs-Fri). Staff was helpful, many eateries on site and the pool was a kick with waterfalls. Being there with an 11 year old we weren't interested in the clubs, and we're not gamblers, but the resort has plenty to offer in that capacity. Good In-Room dining.. . One note for parents: The Beatles themed clubs aren't family friendly as some might think. Example - As we headed back to our room on Friday the Revolution Lounge had girls dancing in the letters...Not a big thing but for a Tween it might mean a lot of filtering/explaining away.. . The Beatles Love show was excellent. Really imaginative, creative and inspired.
Let me preface by saying, I hate Vegas. I only go there when absolutely forced. Last year, I had to stay at Mandalay Bay. To me, this was similar - a huge compound you basically never need to leave. Rooms: Excellent quality and comfort. Nothing was missing or malfunctioning. Spacious, with glorious beds - we slept very well. Pool: Best get your butt down by 8:01 to stick a towel on a chair if you hope to tan. I went down at 9 and barely managed to find a spot. The pool itself is excellent, with areas to sit all around the edge, and only 3 1/2 feet deep, so nice for kids. Food: Plenty of it and good, everywhere we ate, from room service to a restaurant. Service: Everyone we dealt with was nice, friendly and helpful. Kids: We were there with our 5th grader. This resort is not really kid-friendly, but for Vegas, it's not kid-UNFRIENDLY. (Translation: Your kids will get inhale a lot of secondhand smoke, but they won't see stripper poles in the lobby.) As a hotel, I would rate this very good, but I kind of get the impression for Vegas this might just be standard, hence the 3 rating.
The dream of the eighties is alive in Vegas, and hardly anywhere more so than at the Mirage. While the rooms are good, the casino is kind of dank, and the hallways smell perpetually of bacon. I'm no fan of buffets and the one at the Mirage is not going to convince me to become one. However, the pool is pretty nice, in that Cancun kind of way, and the exterior holds up well, even after twenty-odd years. The staff is friendly enough, and the volcano show is worth seeing at least once. A solid place to stay for your 48 hours in Vegas.
good hotel. reasonable prices, good food options. Love the pool.
The Mirage on the strip gets stars for its location and its laid back atmosphere. We were a rowdy large group and didnt experience any issues with that. The Hospitality suite worked very well for our needs and they were really accommodating getting all our rooms on the same floor.. . I dropped a star from my preemptive review because I wasn't impressed with the value or some of the service however. We booked 3 rooms and a suite and I know its a mid-level hotel...you'd think the customer service would be high for that kind of spending but I really felt like the concierge was rude over simple inquiries and that having to call for housekeeping twice was unexpected.The ice machine broke, there was hardware falling off the walls in our master bedroom, the upkeep wasnt great, the 20$ resort fee per room per night was a rip off,  I was also annoyed to find them offering free show tickets and the like on facebook but we were never offered anything of the sort despite our four night stay with several rooms. . . There was also a fiasco with the payment. I sent in a credit card authorization form ahead of time to have them charge our rooms in full before arrival.This was so they wouldn't put holds on that card during my stay.  They didn't process the card before I arrived. Upon check in I provided the same card again, explaining that the form was already completed and my concern that the card would be charged twice or the amounts due would be held twice...they assured me it wouldn't.But, of course It was. They processed the form AND then held the same amounts again on the card. Then the card was flagged for fraud as banks do. It didnt really put me in a jam but? they need better communication between departments. . . We do this trip every year and I dont think I will be booking with them. BUT we WILL go to BARE pool again for sure and the restaurants ( except the Deli, horrible service) were good. We really enjoyed BLT burger and the buffet.
The mirage is exactly what it should be, its just ok. Nothing spectacular, nothing amazing just dead on ok. With that I should also say its not bad either. The range of restaurants, the shows, the lounges are all cool. . . Even when I'm not staying at the mirage I make it a point to either come here and gamble, or have a drink or hit up the buffet. The buffet is one of my favorites. And i always make a drink stop at japonias  lounge. To be honest I'm always hot on the roulette tables as well. It never fails. Which a great thing.. . Now to the rooms. Rooms are ok. Fair size. Fairly clean. Drapes and blankets are most def out of date. In fact the entire hotel needs an upgrade slash face lift. Haven't got a chance to check out the pool. But I hear it's really nice. Check in service was ok. The aquarium behind check in is really neat. Also the hotel is dead center of the strip. Everything is walking distance. I'd probably stay here again. And quite possibly get a suite next time. I hear they are some of the best. Price range, well it's kinda pricy for an old hotel. But there's always coupon codes floating around online. So in the end it's not too bad.
Too many great choices in LV to settle for Mirage. Restaurants are weakish, fitness room needs major upgrade, staff seems grumpy. Not my favorite.
I always walk through this hotel, but I can't seem to recall it's selling points. I think there are gardens, or some sort of zoo, which is different, but it's not my favorite hotel on the strip.
The Mirage is nice. I didn't stay here, but I came here recently for a concert and also played some. The place is kinda crowded though. The placement of tables and slots made me feel a little claustrophobic. . . I won a bit here, so I will be back!
WE spent a few hours on the Mirage floor before seeing the Beatles Love. Service was quick and there were plenty of options to choose from. . . Navigating around the Mirage was easy, and there were tons of dining and cocktail options.. . I won a little bit on the floor here, and I would come back before another trip to see Love.
We came here with a group of people for Halloween weekend.  Rooms were decent, beds were comfortable, and we were able to explore the Strip easily from the location. The boys spent quite a lot of time at the tables here and made some moolah.  Shops were decent but didn't buy anything.  . . Check in process took a long time, but all in all it was a good stay.
So we finally stayed at the Mirage.  Was I impressed?  . . With the exception of the front desk and valet staff, no.  . . The updated room was nice.  It was clean.  The bed was very, very comfy and the linens were good.  Maybe I just can't get past the lack of floor-to-ceiling windows.  Maybe I like a separate tub.  Maybe the attempt at a retro-but-new style is not my brand of vodka.  Maybe I am a picky bitch, which is the most likely explanation.. . . . The pools are beautful.  More crowded than most, wall-to-wall lounge chairs and kids all over the damn place.  Not even close to relaxing.  Never again.. . . . Having said all that, the front desk staff WAS exceptional and accomodating.  But even that can't hold a candle to Julie the valet.  She addressed us by name the second day of our stay.  Yes, we tip well.  But imagine how many people are in and out of the Mirage in a 24 hour period.  IMAGINE.  And the smiling, friendly valet called us by name.  As we exited the car, so no ticket to refer to.  It was a rental car, nothing that would stand out.  Astonishing.  She impressed me more than ANYTHING ELSE at the Mirage.  . . . . The location is GREAT.  And, you know, it's THE MIRAGE.  So it deserves our respect for still being beautiful and cool.  The volcano is great. The music in the casino is very good.  It's well kept.  I can't find any real fault here that isn't based on my own taste and maybe-too-high standards.  So, stay, if you get a deal.  It's clean, for sure.  It does the job.. . . . So, the takeaway:  I still have a warm fuzzy place in my heart for the Mirage because I have won big here on occasions that stick in my mind. (See previous reviews of the casino only, if you care)  But I will not stay there again.  Also, it's not like we paid to stay there, or anywhere in LV, so cost is not any sort of a factor.  It's a beautiful, fragrant, very crowded, noisy place that has one or two great features.  Casino - yes.  Hotel - No.
So... hotel rooms are alright, but there are plenty of newer hotels with nicer rooms for about the same price (depending on what time of the year you're going).  The pillows were terrible and gave me terrible neck pain for the rest of the trip after just one night.  Yuck.  Otherwise the casino is okay and the restaurants aren't terrible (I don't think there are too many great restaurants in Vegas, other than the few owned by famous chefs) but not great.  They have the new sensor fridges that'll charge you for anything you move, even if you don't eat it/use it.  The rooms are clean but sound proofing needs to be done if you want any sort of sleep.  Check in and check out take forever!  I think I'll go back to Vdara/Cosmo next time...
This is where I stayed when I went to Las Vegas and the room is nice. We got a room with two beds and it was spread nice and neatly. The bathroom has shampoo, a soap bar for the face, and they provide towels. My complaint about this place is they only provide you with one toilet paper! Also in the morning at 5 am there was a loud alarm that awoke us for idk what reason it went on for about two minutes and I was irritated because I have a hard time sleeping again after awoken. I managed to sleep shortly after but the alarm went off stating the problem was resolved repeating thephrase three times before going off! I don't see why the warning went off if it doesn't pertain to us, but yeah the food in here is expensive!
Prior to now, my review of this place was based solely on viewing its grounds (like I do with most hotels in Vegas), but now, I can add that I have stayed here.  First of all, this hotel was ONCE (pre-Bellagio, pre-Wynn, pre-Encore, pre-Cosmopolitan, etc etc) the best and brightest on thestrip.  It was.  Then, along came all the other hotels.  And then, Siegfried and Roy vanished........along with their tiger display (a huge, huge loss in my book), along with the passing of one amazing Danny Gans.  At least it still boasts Cirque du Soleil's Beatles Love show, which I have yet to see..... not for lack of trying, however.  This hotel is no longer all that it once was cracked up to be.  Honestly, having spent some time walking around inside, there is no longer anything to see, and I refuse to pay to see a habitat there.  I was there a few years ago, and that's good enough for me (no offense to all the animals lodged there).  While I can say that our rooms were extremely spacious and comfortable (we had a king bed, and our daughters' room had 2 queens), there were some problems.. . First of all, I have never had issues using a debit card to pay for a room.  While the card took immediately, I was forced to pay up front, which was no big deal really, but I never have in the past.  They "usually" let me run a tab.  No one, nowhere, has ever batted an eyelash over what I use to pay for things, and my debit card has the Visa logo and everything.  Here, once I paid, that was it.  I couldn't charge another thing to the room, such as an-room movie, or I'd have to commit $100 in advance PER DAY to cover an $11 movie.....or whatever it costs.  Why?  What is their deal?. . Then, there was a refrigerator/freezer in the room.  Cool !!  We could put all our leftovers in there.........yeh, that's if we were interested in paying a ridiculous sum (anything over ZERO is considered RIDICULOUS) for just putting our own, already paid for perishables in a refrigerator. They charge by the ounce.  I have no idea how much per ounce because I was so outraged that they would do that, I didn't get past the idea.  SERIOUSLY?  Who does that?  That's just low.. . Finally, we had previously signed up for a hotel promotion where we could eat at any MGM resort buffet for breakfast or lunch, and it was equivalent to $40/day for 2 people per paid room.  Allegedly, it was plus the cost of tax to equal $56/day.  At the Aria Hotel, they honored the $40 plus tax, but yet, at the Mirage, they did NOT.  This, mind you, was stated by 2 of the 5 idiots telling us how this promotion worked, but in the end, we were unable to get the measily $3.22 tax comped at the Mirage.  I simply didn't have enough energy to fight over it.....but I was pissed..   . Unfortunately, we were told five DIFFERENT things by five different people........nobody REALLY knew, the least of which was us.  Our first day there, we ate lunch at Carnegie Deli and ended up using my comped amount (the $80 of free BUFFET food), and THEY stated it was good at their restaurant.  I was surprised.  However, the next day, the front desk said NO WAY, so for a little while, we were in the throws of having to cover the $80 difference that we thought was a done deal.  We never asked.......Carnegie Deli offered.  So, why should I now have to cover something that was a mistake on their part????????  The hotel ended up eating that cost, as they should.  I pitched a fit on that one.  It was NOT MY fault.   They also argued this with my brother, who stayed at the Mirage, as well, and who had signed up for the comped buffet meals.  They gave him the equal runaround, and in fact, they made his situation worse than mine........HE got stuck with having to charge $300 extra ($100/day for 3 days) to cover the cost of the comp.  Okay, explain that.......why should HE have to pay, or even commit the funds temporarily, for something that is COMPED BY THE HOTEL in the first place??????  What the hell is that about?  That REALLY got us both up in arms (me in support of him).. . As I stated earlier, the rooms were fine, but there was just a whole lotta mix-ups, misinformation, and the hotel was just one of the more boring hotels, given all that there is to do in so many of the other hotels.  I was kinda sad about it.  Four stars for the room comfort and size, but honestly, they only get 1 star for all the other nonsense that ensued....thus, I'd say they should feel pretty good about getting an overall 3 stars from me.
We were planning to stay at the Riveria, but changed to the Mirage when we realized how far Riviera is in relation to what we wanted to visit. From the outside, it looks like we've got a pretty good deal. First upside? FREE PARKING for hotel guests. Who does that?!?! and in Vegas? I don't know how the other hotels are, but this made me happy. . . Check in on a Thursday around 5 was FAST. . First downside? We were on the 21st floor, and our elevators were in the middle of the casino. We had to walk a good 10 minutes before we got to our elevator. And the signs aren't much help, especially when you've got all this luggage in hand! Biggest irritation of the weekend. I don't have a problem with walking by slot machines or smoke, but all this for 10  minutes to get to my elevator? Never again. If after reading this you agree with me, start reviewing other hotels. It doesn't get much better once you know where to go. . Elevators were quick though, in case you do come here!. Now the rooms aren't anything amazing. 2 beds for 4 people on the 21st floor, room 51. Be warned you can't take anything out of the fridge or put anything in because they measure everything by weight! So if it's +/-, you'll get charged. Also be warned...there is no microwave for your use anywhere in the hotel....apparently that's a "fire hazard" to have one for the patron's use. I call it a bluff. . . Onto the room's restroom....disappointment. It looked dirty to begin with, and that's because it's just plain old and cheap. The tub had something plastered on to it....I'm not good with names but I'm sure it's to prevent slippage. That thing gets unstuck from the tub floor when the water starts to run. Oh, and the water doesn't run down the drain smoothly and quickly. So after about 10-15 min, you're standing up to your ankles in water. GROSS. Then the toilet doesn't flush anywhere. You either need to hold it down for a long time or flush it multiple times. At some points, I thought it was going to clog up on me. Next the counter space....TINY! It's like the size of my sink in my personal bathroom. Even if 2 people were meant for that room, I don't think that sink would have been very comfortable. . Restrooms are important for me, especially in hotels. I like them clean and comfy. . Beds were comfy, room was never too hot or too cold. . The biggest complaints were about the elevator location and the restroom, oh and the fridge/microwave (we had leftovers that we wanted to eat, but they had to be tossed instead). . In the main floor you have CPK, Starbucks, and lots of other places to eat. The Mirage is close to Treasure Island, the Venetian and Ceasar's Palace. Overall, the location was convenient. But I won't be back.  . . Also, don't bring your kids here. Go to Circus Circus. Or better yet, Disneyland in Cali.
Summary: Nice hotel.  Beds not comfortable.  Using their Internet MAY be a security nightmare for your system.. . . I was recently in LV for a trade show that was held at The Mirage.  This is a nice looking hotel with many of the amenities you'd expect from a "resort."  . . The layout is pleasant.  There's still smoke (for us non-smokers) but it's not as bad as we've experienced in some of the other casinos and hotels.  It is, unfortunately, too common for people to walk by or stand near the open restaurants while smoking.  Most unpleasant.. . One thing that I heard OVER and OVER on the trade show floor was how bad the beds were.  And, I sure can concur with that.  Don't expect to get a good night's sleep.  In fact, it seemed to be the general consensus that they want you out on the gambling floors, bars, restaurants, etc. rather than sleeping away in your rooms.  True or not, it's easy to believe.. . Rooms have wired Internet access rather than wireless.  That would tend to give you a bit more confidence that you can transact banking or other sensitive on-line transactions without the fear that you're going to have somebody picking up your computer's WIFI signal.   This may be the case.  HOWEVER.... . I did conduct an on-line transaction with my eTrade account while I was there and suddenly, eTrade has put a security hold on my account.  It seems that, since then, there's been a lot of suspicious activity on my account.  I'm being forced to change my user name, my password, and begin using a digital security ID in order to access my accounts, again.  It also appears that there's some way in which they were able to tell I accessed the account from a mobile computer device and that's what was compromised.   Truly, I have NO idea how they could possibly tell it was when I access the account using a mobile device but... that's their claim.  And, the only time I did access the account with the mobile device is during the time they said things started happening.  Guess just having Norton and hard line Internet connection isn't enough when you're trying to access a secure site in this hotel.. . I'd stay here again in a heartbeat if the beds were more comfortable AND if I felt my Internet connections were more secure.
Suite Deal - But Bring A Gas Mask...... . Pros:    Good location.  Great..and inexpensive..upgrade to a suite.. Cons:    The repulsive smell everywhere on the first floor.. . Suggestion:   If the $50 upgrade to a suite is available...grab it.  Eat elsewhere..     . Ratings:. -   Overall:     3. -   Reception:    4. -   Non-Smoking Suite:   5. -   Casino:    0 ( and we like casinos! ). -   Restaurants:   3. -   Beatles Show:     5. -   Shops:    2. -   Accident:    3. -   Atmosphere:   2. . The Mirage, sandwiched between Caesar's Palace and Treasure Island on the Strip, is a 10 minute ride from the airport by taxi and 20-30 minute ride by a popular mini-bus which stops at most of the major hotels.  The bus was less than $20 round trip, so that was chosen.  When departing for the airport, call them 24 hours in advance for pick-up. It was prompt and efficient...if not exactly luxurious.. . Reception -  Just inside to the right of the main entrance.  Surprised they only had 5 stations available for check in to accommodate a huge hotel, but at 1230 PM on a Thursday in February, the process took just 5 minutes.  Our reservation was for an "elevated Strip view room", so the attendant offered us a spot on the 24th floor ( there are 30 floors ).  Not bad.  Then she asked if we wanted an upgrade to a "suite" for $50 more per night. What's the difference?  A regular room is 400 square feet.  The suites were 1,200!  I quickly said "sign us up".  If available on your visit, grab it!. . Suite - On the 26th floor ( only non-smoking of 26-30 ).  Nice and open!  We had a wet bar with a sizeable living room containing a comfortable wraparound couch, cocktail table and wall unit with a 50 inch flat screen TV.  Next was a dining room with a large oval glass table and plenty of space for entertaining.  The bedroom had a queen mattress ( quite soft.  We've got a Sleep Number bed at home.  I'm a semi-firm "65".  This was a "35" ) and a pop-up 40 inch TV in sleek furniture at the base of the bed.  The bathroom was huge and included a spa-tub, shower, counter with dual sinks, walk-in closet, separate make-up desk and a "toilet room" with bidet ( which we never touched.  It was cute, but strange ).  If the Mirage added a kitchen, you could move in.  And the artwork was topnotch.. . Casino  - "They" say the air in casinos has improved.  From what?  From a dense fog of tear gas to a light haze of forest fire?  Imagine yourself in a small stall with a bad case of flatulence.  Now, instead of burnt beans you've got the taste of stale tobacco...everywhere.  Front entrance.  Reception. Restaurants.  There was no escape.  However, besides that sludge in the air, we found the casino to be surprisingly dark, grimy and sad.  Isn't it meant to be happy? Don't people spend more when they're optimistic - not squinting for light and searching for sanitary napkins as they gasp toward the exits?  But the worst part?  There's no way to reach the elevators to the rooms without taking a tortuous path through the casino.  It was hellish.. . Restaurants - We ate in 3 of the restaurants.  One of our 3 dinners in Las Vegas was at Kokomo's.  The choices were varied...food good...prices reasonable and service decent, but only a partition separated us from the smoke-filled bar.  Ever try fish dipped in ashes?  Maybe they should add it to the menu.. . Each of 3 breakfasts were at the Mirage.  The buffet had a wide sampling of okay food.  Good, but certainly not gourmet...though it was fine for $20.  Two sit down breakfasts were at BB King's.  I'd suggest the lox and bagel sandwich.  A quiet alternative, but the bill was higher for much less food of similar quality.  Fortunately, only a small amount of casino odor seeped past the front doors.. . Theater - Cirque D'Solei had a show built around music of the Beatles.  The music, performers and sets  were great.  It wasn't cheap, but worth the price of admission.. . Shops - Like all the major hotels, there are shops....but more like you'd find in a neighborhood mall rather than the unusual spaces found in similar priced hotels.  Yogurt at "Blizz' was too heavy and gloppy and double the price at chains in California like Yogurtland.. . Accident  -  My wife slipped and fell while walking over a bridge from reception toward the casino.  I filed a report and a security person took notes.  Good reaction time, but no follow-up like a flower.. . Overall, my stay was disappointing.  Our group partook in the favorite exercise of visitors to Vegas...walking into different hotels...and the comparison could not be more glaring.  Each place more special than the last.  Large reception areas.  An open atmosphere.  Big, bright and bold yet warm colorsI  Glamorous shops ( even just from the windows ).  Inviting casinos! Breathable air!  The Venetian!  Palazzo!  Aria!  Mandarin Oriental!  Wynn!!!. . Our previous visit in 2006 brought the exhilaration of the Bellagio.  It was great to be with friends, but the lasting impression of this trip was the need for a shower.
We just got back from Vegas and stayed here.  I really should have researched this better.  We are a group of older adults who were looking to gamble, see the sights and drink some but we are not into drinking till we are smashed phase anymore.  We could hear all night the tons of drunk groups roaming the halls while we wanted to sleep  (4am or 5am) so we could get up early to travel to outside las vegas strip.  It was more geared toward people who are up till 5am and sleep until noon.  You'll love it if you are in that age range. . The pool area: very, very crowded.  We were so jealous to tour other hotels and see people relaxing by the pool while at the Mirage you have to trapse through a mall to get to a pool where you are a sardine for the day with tons of hungover people some who are throwing up in garbage bags.. . They are not very attentive at the desk or just don't care.  I asked if we could be in the room next to our friends and they said sure our room is near theirs.  When we went to our rooms, even though the numbers were next together they were down the opposite corridor at the end.  We couldn't have been further apart. At that point I gave up.  They had a great view of the volcano and we had a great view of a parking lot.. . I wish some of thes sites had mentioned the best places to stay based on age.  I just looked at where it was located and if it was clean.. . So beware if you are not looking for a vacation with kids that are all your kids ages that you left at home.
Don't do the dolphin show unless you want to pay $30per to watch them.  No-show at all they were just swimming.  I can go to the zoo for that.  Lion and Tiger park Ok.  Sigfreed and Roy showed up which was better but normally they are. Not there.
It is clean and looks good. The Venetian and MGM Grand are nicer though. The bathroom was tiny. The iHome clock was broken. The tram to TI was defunct. Bed was very good.  The shopping is ok.  The price of the room though made it worthwhile to stay.  WiFi and the Gym are expensive.
Our stay and rooms were perfect, the beds were soft, bathroom had plenty of towels almost everything was good.  The only complaint I have with this hotel was the walk to the elevators to access our room.  The one thing I fell in love with was the "complimentary valet" when you think about the $25 a day tourist fee it "ain't" free.  I never did receive my daily paper.. . We were here to see the Terry Fator show it did not let us down.
This is a pretty standard Las Vegas Strip hotel and like most Vegas hotels it's designed to relieve you of all your money regardless of whether you gamble or not. No coffee in the room and the fitness centre is $28 a day. I had no choice over the venue as I had to attend and speak at a trade show that was based there. The service was very good - most of the amenities worked well from the dry cleaning to the business centre. The only amenity that was a little flaky was the Wifi which is common in hotels, service comes and goes like your luck at Blackjack but at least it's included in the "resort fee".. . If you're looking to sleep in then forget it but if you're looking for an early morning Spanish lesson then it's the place to be! Housekeeping starts early, even at the weekend and from the sound of it the maid rallying point seemed to be outside my door. Personally the last thing I need on a Sunday morning after a night out is to be woken up by an over zealous maid who is hell bent on making up my room.. . I'd say this was a mid-range Vegas hotel, not the Cosmopolitan but certainly not the Excalibur. If I had a choice I'd stay elsewhere but as a whole it's not a bad venue.
I chose Mirage based on a number of reasons for a three night to trip to celebrate my son's 21st birthday. The fact that it was a couple of guys spending little time in the room had a lot to do with it. We were good with average, but we did want resort level with all the options expected in a Vegas resort. Nail-on-the-head best describes the choice.. . We arrived on Saturday at about noon and checked in quickly from a line with only one young lady ahead of us. No surprises- the room provided was precisely what we had reserved. I'd been to The Mirage a couple of times before and it had been several years since my last visit. I depended heavily on recent reviews to set expectations about how she had aged. She's taken quite good care of herself. I've based at the full spectrum of Vegas properties and covered the top (Four Seasons) to bottom (Imperial Palace), so I have a balanced perspective. The Mirage is an outstanding value and offers an experience that cannot be easily criticized when kept in perspective. So The Mirage can be forgiven for a lot of things if one is careful about fitting it into one's standards. We had a strip/volcano view and frankly watching the volcano from street level is the only way to do so. I loved the open window option but it was obvious that their windows have not been cleaned in years- possibly never. Sadly, the crud is so thick it is probably impenetrable anyway.. . I appreciated the room redesign since my last visit and remain slightly disappointed in the bathroom size in the level of room that we selected. But really,two guys don't need a luxurious and oversized bathroom, so it was fine.. . We both felt comfortable with all the public areas including the most important part for a Vegas property- the casino. Everything was clean and tidy. For a first timer, by the end of the trip my son preferred The Mirage Casino to the others that we visited. I've always been comfortable playing there, though I do have other preferences. With the exception of places like Wynn, Bellagio and Aria the smoke factor doesn't differ much from one to another so I won't knock The Mirage and they will probably never go smoke-free. With one exception, the dealers were friendly, personable, helpful and tolerant. They were not generous- consistent with all Vegas casinos. . . We only ate at the buffet twice and weren't impressed, except for the fact that our Sunday breakfast included a whole lot more than our Monday experience. We didn't visit any other restaurants during our stay. I did start my morning walks with a stop at The Roasted Bean a few steps off the elevator. I didn't get his name, but there was a young man at The Bean that was especially helpful and friendly. I mention this because that style of greeting and care are sadly becoming the exception. . . Even though most of the reviews clearly describe the resort fee, it surprises me that some are still shocked and annoyed at it so be prepared. You really get nothing for it. The wifi is the only tangible thing that you can make any use of and we didn't because my iPhone hot-spot provided a better connection. So to me it was worthless.. . We saw one show. Daniel Tosh is one of the features of The Aces of Comedy series. He's caustic and nothing is exempt. I never stopped laughing. The Terry Fator Theater is a great place to watch the show. I've seen The Beatles' Love during a past visit and would recommend it as one of the (my) top five Cirque shows.. . Again, The Mirage has its place in the full spectrum of properties in Vegas and unless the purpose of your visit or your preference of luxury dictate otherwise, there would be very little reason to avoid a stay at The Mirage.
Stayed here dring March Madness weekend, which also happened to coincide with St. Patrick's Day.  Needless to say, the place was packed, as well as the entire Strip area all weekend.  Mirage is a beautiful hotel, with a lovely entrance walkway through waterfalls and plantation.  Our nicely appointed room had two queen beds, exceptionally comfortable.  Great views of the Strip.  Air conditioning setting was perfect during the entire stay, at least for me.  Bathroom was kind of small, but it did the job.  Decent water pressure in shower. Mirage has plenty of places to eat and drink.  However, if you have the late-night munchies, you will need to look elsewhere. I was hoping for something like an oyster bar for some great soup and such.  But not here.  Went to the club 1 Oak, FKA Jet.  Will review the club on another post, but it wasn't bad.. Valet parking was somewhat slow and the taxi line was forever. But the valets seemed to be working hard.. The sportsbook was wild, which was a great place to be during March Madness.  But unless you got there extremely early or had reservations, you ended up standing watching the games.  It's a great sportsbook, though not nearly as great as the Lagasse Stadium at Wynn.. The Mirage is a beautiful place, even if you suck at gambling like I do.  But I have been here many times and plan on returning.
Not to much to say but I agree with with Nutfish and they dont comp your drinks anymore.
I stayed here for a work meeting and found the rooms very nice. . The food choices were good (pricey but what do you expect it's the strip) and the ambiance was great.. The things that turned me off was for the 3 days I was there not one free cocktail was offered, the guy at the check in desk dinged my card for 2 hundred even though the stay was already on the company card (it should be refunded soon), there didn't seem to be many choices to eat if you were up before 7am.. All in all the place was OK, I would probably stay here again.
I hate resort fees so I will never stay here again unless I get that AAA option of "Hey, look at that, no resort fees when you stay this time!!". . The Mirage is an okay hotel, nothing too incredibly special about it besides it is in the midst of all the fun on the strip (next to Bellagio, across from the Venetian/Palazzo and Paris...). . They have a blues bar in there that is pretty fun and has some great happy hour deals (2 for 1 you say, and the 1 is reasonably priced? ALRIGHT!). . In all honesty, I would never choose to stay here again.. And that is that.
I really like this casino.  It's bright and open, minimal smoke, decorated nicely- the only reason I don't "love" it is because it doesn't really have that return appeal for a local or frequent tourist.. . Don't get me wrong, I've been here numerous times.  I just never think of the Mirage first when I'm off playing tourist for a day.  The restaurants are all pretty spendy, there aren't too many stores to shop at, there aren't any bars I would want to go to for a drink.....to me, it's really just a nice casino.. . Now if it is your first or second time in Vegas, definitely make a stop here and check out the atrium, put a couple bucks in the slots, or have a nice dinner.  Very close to Treasure Island, Venetian, and Harrah's.
Hot April day in Las Vegas, 90's.  Spending the day at the main Mirage pool to start  the celebration of daughter's 21st.  Can I please have a beer or cup of ice water ?  Pool service lacking.  Understaffed and the servers spend their time focused on the loud folks on the edge of the pool vs. us in the chairs.  Spent alot of time standing in line at the walk-up bar.  Nice use of vacation time, ya think ?. . Rooms are more than adequate, restaurants are good.  Gambling sucks only cuz I lost last nite !  . . Hire a few more servers at the pool and I would rate 4 stars.
My stay at Mirage was good as an overall experience. I've never stayed at Mirage and was expecting it to be on the same line as Bally's. . . They have a poker room that runs smaller games, 1-2 no limit and 2-5 games, as well as 3-6, but it was surprisingly empty at almost all hours. . . The rooms was what I expected, but my biggest complaint was that it was extremely noisy. You can hear conversations in the hallway from the inside of your room and then your neighbors's doors slam shut, it wakes you up. . . The dining selection was also quite limited. There's a deli that's way overpriced, a burger joint that was decent, and California Pizza Kitchen, which has really good service. . . It's also a short walk to the Caesar's forum shops which was also very nice. It's also just across the street from the Venetian.. . My favorite part of the hotel is when you drive in, the palm trees really gives you a feeling like you're arriving at an oasis.
This is our third complimentary stay here at Mirage. I called them up 3 hours prior to our arrival and got booked using our Players Club membership. Yayy! I was so happy because Palazzo is sold out, Venetian has only their deluxe suites that's gonna cost us $300+ even using Grazie, Mandalay, Aria and Vdara are sold out too...so I'm happy Mirage is adopting us for the night...:). . Checking-in was a breeze...had to pass by their clubs so aside from their giant saltwater aquarium and regal flower arrangements, the glittery girls were all a feast for the eyes...:) At the reception, they said we lucked out coz this is their last available room...I sort of believe that after I've scouted available rooms in my favorite hotels.. We had to pass by the gambling area going to the elevators...eew smokes!! (Why I love Vdara coz they have no casinos) We also passed by Revolution Lounge...gay-friendly night on Sundays there! (Gay events are just so much fun and feels safe knowing nobody will  try to hit on you) We stayed in 12056...when we stepped inside,  it smelled like cigarette, but not too strong, this is a No Smoking room, so some of the guests must have violated that rule. It was a good amount of space in the room with two queen beds. Beddings were soft and fluffy, comfy! Setbacks were, not having complimentary coffee in the room and no robes. View from our room was ok, I've had better from the higher floors. We had complimentary wifi connection and that surprised me coz normally in other hotels that's another cost. Phones had icon buttons for the services you need, but when I tried to use the Housekeeping button it connected me to another room...uh-oh. The best way to get service if you need any is to push "0" for the concierge. There are several restaurants that I have yet to try and I haven't been to their pool area as well...sooo many things to do, so little time..:) In our previous stays, we went to see their Dolphin and Tiger habitat and the kids really enjoyed them.. . I can't give reviews on Casinos coz I don't play..:). . I wouldn't mind coming back to Mirage again
We had a decent time here, the room/view was very nice for the most basic room. When we arrived, they told us they didn't have a King room available but only one with 2 doubles, which we took instead of waiting 3 hours for the other room. It was also my birthday, and I've heard about them upgrading rooms for special occasions, but they didn't do anything for us.. I must say, the beds here are super cozy. Everything else was good, we spent quite a bit of time in the casino and at several restaurants and enjoyed everything. The pool area is good, but very busy and find to hard a seat on the weekends. After we left, however, we noticed that our SonicCare was missing! So I called to ask housekeeping lost-and-found but they said it wasn't there. Confused, I kept looking through my luggage. Never found it, so I called them back and filed a complaint. I hope they can do their best to recover it, or at least inquire the maid about it, because this is all very suspicious. In the meantime, I give them 3 stars for being an overall goodplace to sleep.
I wasn't wowed and the stay definitely wasn't horrible.  The biggest complaint I have is the sound barrier.  I heard everything from the next room to the hallway.  While I found it amusing to hear the lovely noises going on around me its extremely frustrating for a light sleeper.  Asides from that their amenities were ok.  bathroom was nothing to boast about.  The bed was clean  (its a bed). . Their buffet was decent and had a variety of food.  (awesome dessert bar).. . Overall it was just a so so experience.  I'd have gladly paid an addtional $300 to stay at the venitian.
There is a funking smell in the casino and I don't like that. Sigh They need a better air system.
It was my first time in Vegas, so everyone told me to book a hotel in the middle of the strip. The Mirage was accessible to everything (other hotels/casinos, bus, taxis). There is also a free monorail train to Treasure Island from right outside the Mirage.. . We checked in early, at noon and were told our room wasn't ready yet, however they could upgrade us to a bigger suite for $30 extra a night. As I knew I would also have to pay the $25/day resort fee, I was reluctant to pay extra. That would have been an extra $55 a day, which adds up quickly in Vegas. We declined the upgrade and were told to check back at the desk in 2 to 3 hours time.. . We checked in our bags and wandered around the strip, arriving back at 4pm to pick up our keys. There was a massive group of people at the front desk, with no real order of line up. It was all a bit chaotic.  A guest behind us was complaining to a manager that his bathroom floor was flooded and the engineer was already up there fixing it, but he wanted to change to a different room. Finally, I got up to an attendant and got our key cards. . . I guess b/c we had declined to pay our $30 extra, the front desk woman had put us on the 14th floor with a room the farthest away you could get from the elevators. Upon looking out the window, we had a back of the building view of the roof and the traffic congested highway. We really didn't care about the view, as we weren't there for the room. Overall, our room was quiet/nice/standard, however a few things stood out to me. When you walked through the front door, you could smell a musk of mould. The fan in the bathroom sounded like it was working, but boy, was it steamy every time we had a shower. With no ventilation you have to wait at least 20 minutes till you can go back in to put on makeup. The nozzle in the bathtub didn't lift up enough and every shower was like having a leg bath. . . The only other problem was at check-out. We had taken out bottles from the mini bar so we could put in our own beer we had purchased. Apparently, the fridge is computerized and can feel the weight of something being removed. There was a bunch of stuff on our bill from the mini bar. We called front desk, explained and they removed it right away so we could check out.
I seriously thought that this hotel would be good well not really first of all the room that we got smells horrible. Smells like a super glue I dont know what it was anyway i didnt mind for a while because we got the strip view so we just opened the window and besides we were out the whole time, then I just didnt like the small bathroom I just thought for an expensive hotel the bathroom will be a little bit more bigger. Also, I guess because its one of the oldest hotel my goodness the AC doesnt even get cold and it rattles so much can't sleep its too annoying. Anyway, the bars was nice though and the pool was pretty good as well, but I don't think I'm coming back maybe if they renovate the room to be a little legit :-/
Came to Mirage for Revolution Sundays with a couple of friends.  I'm not really crazy about the casino itself.  Came here before to watch Beatles Love and also for Revolution, Bare pool and Jet Nightclub, however, have not had the chance to stay here.  I do enjoy the atrium-type area in the front of the casino.  Just proves the fantasy-reality that Vegas does so well!. . All in all, this place is OK. I will say that it's in a prime location on the strip.  Always busy around that area, however, my rating has a comparison of other casinos on the strip.  Unfortunately, it's hard for me to distinguish Mirage by itself, especially in a town where casinos erect every 5 minutes.
Aww... I came here thinking that to see the baby dolphin exhibit was free... I remember it used to be free to see the lions way back when, so I assumed it would be free to see the dolphins.  Unfortunately, I was wrong.  It wasn't free to see their new baby dolphins in their exhibit. x( Plus, the exhibit closes early at 5:30pm. :(
3.5 stars. . Pros:. -Resort fee includes cardio center (treadmills, elliptical machines, stair machines and bikes) and wifi. -Great location on the strip. -Good places to eat (Carnegie Delicatessen, BLT Burger, Japonais, kokomo's). Even the room service food is good and available 24-7 (Chicken Pesto Classic Casar Salad, Pizza).. -Rhumbar is a great outdoor bar to kick back at.. -Complimentary Valet Parking (don't forget to tip). -Rooms and decor are great.. . Cons:. -Room service charges $3 per person dining. -Restaurants are not cheap. Even to go orders can be about $15 per person. Maybe a food court of some sort would be great.. -Complete is gym access is $28 per day. That's a bit excessive.. . Some helpful info:. -11am check out. 12pm is complimentary, and any later checkout and they charge you a fee.. -Refrigerator are available with a per day fee.
You know you're in Vegas when your hotel has it's own Dolphin and Tiger exhibit.  That was pretty cool.  The hotel pool is pretty nice for a giant wading pool when it hits 105 degrees.  Just crowded as hell though.. . The hotel/casino itself inside - lots and lots of restaurants (BLT Burger = awesome), a mall, a giant sports-betting area, pretty much everything that any of the other casinos/hotels generally have.  I have to say that the location is probably the most outstanding draw to the hotel, with the Bellagio about 3 minutes' walk away.. . However, for a more authentic-feeling experience in Vegas (if there is such a thing), I say hit up Fremont Street instead of the Strip...
How about that ride in? The Mirage has a huge walkway/ driveway area that could be so unbearable to walk up especially in the 90 degree weather.. . Like most of the hotels on the strip they have a bunch of restaurants and a shopping area. i really like the huge glass dome that overlooked a Japanese restaurant in the center of the Casino.. . We tried to go to the Dolphin Habitat around 3 but they said they closed at 4pm so there was no luck.
Stayed at the Mirage for a boys weekend and had a really mixed experience. We were in a Tower Suite, apparently one of their biggest/nicest. The room itself did not disappoint. A semi-private elevator, awesome floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the strip and the volcano, a wet bar, cool/contemporary furnishings, a massive master bath & dressing area, and a killer sound system. . . My issues come with the overall level of service. We waited awkwardly for 10 minutes in the valet area for a bellman to get around to checking our bags, which wasn't a great start. Next, even in the "VIP" check in line, we had a 30 minute wait (at 11 AM? Really?), and although we were early and asked to be called when the room was ready, it wasn't until I called several hours later that I was informed we could get into the room. Once we were checked in, things were much better, but we had another long wait at checkout. I guess this is the difference between a 4 & 5 star hotel.. . The hotel itself was great. Pro's include a center-strip location and a huge tropical-themed pool with servers to bring you all the tropical frozen drinks your heart desires--though I'd recommend it more for the family set than young & singles. The casino was always lively, the dealers friendly, and while a little slow at times, the dining options were at least available at all price ranges. . . We also spent a full Saturday at the Bare pool/lounge. Check out my separate review, but in a word: awesome.. . All in all, if you can survive the lines at check-in/check-out, not a bad place to Stay in Vegas.
Was a nice place but needs some luv, very crowded with what looked like Circus Circus over flow. Waited 40 minutes for my car at Valet! WTF??????
We got a pretty juicy deal so for the money, this hotel was alright.  We're big Mandalay and Arria fans, so it's tough for this older hotel to compete.  It's in a great location, middle of the strip.  We did the early check in for $30 at 10:30 - well worth is as we didn't have to wait long to check in.  We got a pass for the pool and went back at 11. We were able to get chairs at the pool, but it would have been tough after 10 am on Saturday. The pool area is really nice - great shade/sun areas and nice big pool. . . Typical Vegas - it was pretty smoky in the casino (Mandalay and Arria don't seem that smokey?) and BB King's and Cravings are pretty good for breakfast.  . . The rooms have been upgraded well.  Be aware that if they give you a "mountain view" room you'll be looking out onto the roof.  It's ok though - we weren't looking for a view this time. The bed was comfy, but the walls and doors are thin - I could hear our neighbor peeing next door and lots of noise in the hall.  . . Teeny bathroom, which didn't bother me as much as the nasty shower head - for the love of God.  Upgrade those things!. . Service was quick and friendly.  We'd stay here again if we got another sweet deal.
It's the Mirage.  Not the level it once was, back in the day, but still a decent place to hang out.
1 star for Mirage Reception. 4 starts for everything else.. Seriously slow check in! Our party of 5 took 45 minutes to check in once we got to the front desk . The lack of a queuing  system made the reception area one big mess. All of us said it was our all time worst check-in experience. We are all in retailing so we understand customer service. Jenna, the receptionist never apologized for or acknowledged our inconvenience until we asked for her name.  If she was a trainee, she should have said so. No sense of urgency or politeness until we asked her name. . Figuring out a cueing system is one of the simplest things a hotel can do. It's not like it's a novel idea. The poor people behind us eventually gave up and moved to the back of another unclear disorganized line. A poor way to start a hotel experience.
Busy lound high energy Great for Gambling and have a shows I like and have seen.
I liked my experience at this place. The problem is it's just another hotel on the main area of the strip. Nothing really special to talk about. If you have ever stayed in a hotel in the center of the strip? You pretty much have stayed at all of them. I liked they had California Pizza Kitchen in the hotel. And being really close to Forum shops was nice as well. Rooms were clean and roomy. The pool was nice and offered a lot of shade. I am sure I would stay here again if needs be.
Atfirst, waking up behind the orange and red volcano seems like a great idea, until somewhere around Day 3, and the reality sets in that thing never stops going lol! Not a bad price for a hotel, we caught "Love" the Cirque show nearby as well as a few others, but it can be, like most Vegas joints a little tired in places. Staff was friendly, but the food sometimes leaves a little to be desired, especially in the nicer eating interior places you'd expect top notch from. Not bad for a budgeted trip for Vegas!
The room was great very very comfortable king bed, flat screen TV, clean bath room, strong shower. The only thing I did not like about the room was the fridge full of there stuff and keyed so that if you move it you bought it, that's a joke right? . The staff was great except for one a-hole at the m-life desk. . I lost a few $$$ at the blackjack table and did not get any M-Life credit due to I was only betting $20 at a time and not $25 well live and learn. . I would stay here again in the future I just know now what they should have told me before.
The variety of games they offer here is great! They even have "Dice" station, which offers electronic Sic Bo and Craps.  The Casino is inviting, even though it seemed like everyone was losing here no matter what time of day you go.
Yelp says 2 stars stands for, "Meh. I've experienced better." That pretty much sums it up for me. However, when you factor in the price I paid, this hotel was an ideal pick. +1 star for price to value ratio.. . ___________________________________. . . DATE: Tuesday, December 13, 2011 - Wednesday, December 14, 2011. ROOM TYPE: King Room. LENGTH OF STAY: 1 night. RATE: $67.40/night after taxes @ http://hotels.com (Resort fee paid upon check-in.). . ___________________________________. . . There are so many other nice hotels in Las Vegas that I wouldn't recommend anyone book this unless they were getting a real steal and/or were on a budget.. . While everything is clearly modern and somewhat newly renovated, there are already some visible scuffs on a lot of the furniture. The rooms are much smaller than many of the other Las Vegas hotels.. though really the part of this hotel that makes me the most sad is the bathroom.. . Still, when you compare it to hotels like New York-New York or the Paris, this hotel still ranks higher in terms of decor and quality of service.. . Location is good if you don't mind walking 10-15mins to get to the major casinos/attractions. While there was a time when staying at or around the Wynn/Venetian/Fashion Show Mall was for me, these days I prefer to stay as close to the Cosmopolitan/Aria as possible. The Mirage is conveniently located in between the two.
I am a fan of Mirage.  It may not be the best out there, but it def gets the job done.  Its above average in surrounding and amenities and best of all is in the dead center of the strip action.  By far the best bang for your buck.  They have a great pool and restaurant selection, but since you are in the middle of it all, you can always cross the street if you need a little Denny's action.  . . The only downsides were on the technical operations side.  Of 3 door keys I was issued, only 1 worked part time.  My players card which I had re-issued 4 times during my stay worked like a broken clock when inserting in slots or poker machines.  While not the end of the world.  Def annoying.. . Mirage is part of the M Life group which runs the loyalty card rating system for their group of hotels.  The comp system is very complicated and stingy.  Loosen your purse strings.   4 days of playing craps a few hours a day and I didn't even get a free lunch?. . A fridge and/or microwave would be nice in the room as well, not as an extra charge. Banging people out for $28 a day "resort fee should cover the appliances.  Its funny, I wanted to give this place 4 stars but after going over my review, its def a 3.. . Mirage, if it wasn't for your sweet location....... . Mirage - In (but not exclamation point in) so semi in.  (that's what she said)
Not too shabby, not too shabby.  . . Front desk could use a face lift, I mean oak...really?  . . Rooms were clean, modern, pool looked busy (never went), staff were polite, and best of all the location was convenient to anywhere on the strip.  Didn't take the tram to TI, but that helps too.  Starbucks in the lobby helps first thing in the morning, and 24 hour Carnegie deli helps too.  . . So it wasn't fabulous, but it wasn't awful.
The Mirage is solid hotel in a great location. I was here for a conference. Here's my two cents: . . 1) Great location. About a 10-15 minute walk to the Sands Convention Center, Walgreens, the Palazzo/Venetian, etc. . 2) Clean rooms. I had three clean towels, a tidy bathroom, and the non-smoker room was truly a non-smoker room (which can be hard to come by in Vegas!) . . 3) Awesome gym. They have - no joke - 15-20 treadmills and ellipticals, plus bikes, weights, and so on. I didn't have to wait for a machine at 7 AM or 6 PM either. This is different than Treasure Island, which has about 4 cardio machines total. . . 4) Cute ambiance. I'm not a huge fan of the 'jungle' theme, but it was nice to see plants and vegetation after being in casino land all day. . . What I thought could have been better was the check-in - it was honestly a good 20minutes in line to get room keys. I'm also knocking off a star because for slightly higher rates, I think you can get much better quality and splash at other places on the Strip. While nothing was mind-blowing, I'd recommend it to anyone looking for a cost-effective place to stay in a good location.
We stayed here for our first trip to Vegas because we had kids with us and it was presented as a more "family friendly" place to stay. The hotel rooms are clean, large enough for our family of four and the maid staff cannot be beat. The beds are little pieces of heaven and it was hard to get out of them in the morning. We ordered room service twice and while the price is high (of course, it is room service), the portions were large and the food tasty. The walls in the rooms are a little thin, which is okay if the person in the next room is taking a shower but not okay at 1am when the drunk girl in the hall is yelling for her friends. . . You can tell the hotel is a bit older but you can't beat the location and the price. I didn't have much luck in the casino, but I hardly believe that was the fault of the Mirage. The only drawback was the one show we wanted to see, "Love" was dark that week. We drowned our sorrows in the gift shop and by posing at the Beatles wall, but we will be back to see that show.
The good:. 1.  Renovated room. 2.  Awesome bed. 3.  Central location on the strip. 4.  Good pool.. 5.  Gambling is decent with plenty of $10-15 blackjack tables.. . . The bad:. 1.  Weak water pressure in shower. 2.  Poorly draining tub. 3.  Slow wi-fi. 4.  Bad buffet
Really enjoy this hotel overall. The staff is friendly and professional, the gym is decent, they have some good pools on property, neat volcano, and some decent eats. . . I have stayed here twice now. The rooms are updated and fairly modern. The prices are not terrible. My only qualm on my last stay is the cleaning lady forgot to 'clean' one day, then the second day it seemed as though not a whole lot was done to the room other than making the beds. Dirty cups were left behind, the floor did not seem vacuumed, etc. Also had to request for more towels since those were not refreshed either. Hmph. . . I also like it's location on the strip. Across the street from Venetian and within walking distance to all the great stops. . Didn't get much of a chance to use the casino here but it's decent. The Beatles LOVE show plays here....there's a candy store...burger joint...Starbucks (thank goodness)...cafe, and many more eats ranging in all different prices. Their outdoor patio/bar Rhumbar is also quite nice. Hookah, cigars, music, and drinks...can't go wrong!
A lot of people love the Mirage... I'm not a big fan. . . I like it there. It's okay. It's in a decent location, it has some good restaurants, some bars and other things, it just doesn't tickle my fancy much. Maybe it's the middle-aged vibe? It feels older. The crowd is older and everything seems a little worn out.
i went the past weekend for my birthday i was somewhat disappointed in the hotel. I've been to vegas 4 times now. The price i paid was decent since i got a deal from southwest, but i thought the hotel would of been better compared to when i stayed at planet hollywood. I was definitely wrong. . . Here's a few things that i liked about thehotel. I loved the aquarium, the flowers, the variety of restaurants in the hotel even thought they were pricey. i wasn't afraid to spend money. i loved the pool it was huge and gorgeous! but you have to get there early or its hard to find an empty lounge chair if you have a few ppl in your group. free drinks when you're gambling i'm sure everyone knows that.. . i was disappointed that the pool closed at 7, and i'm sure it bc its a huge pool thats prob the reason. (there would prob have to be quite a few staff to watch out) i was disappointed in the bathroom size. i had a tower king room? the bathroom was tiny! i thought it would of been nicer than PH. so i figured i should stop comparing, but this room didn't even have a coffee maker. I asked for hot water and they were about to charge me 4$! or $10 for a kettle. . . I had a 252$ spa serv for a massage, mani & pedi. Great ppl very professional. The masseuse i had wasn't that great i expected better since it was at a hotel AND gratuity was included... can't remember if it was 18/20% the lady who did my nail was nice & great at conversing, but didn't realize she filed one of my nails too much! so my nail was slanted looking. i was pissed! but i didn't say anything because it was too late. when i checked out the i told the lady and she asked if i wanted to tell the lady about it... i was thinking no theres no point since she filed my nail already. i obv said it trying to think that they would do something for me like a discount or a small gift. couple days later the color on the edge of my nails came off! didn't even last a week, and i wasn't even doing anything but enjoying my bday weekend in vegas! ( i had a better spa experience at the WESTIN). . the carnegie: the food is pricey and it is decent but large portion. its great that it is open 24 hrs. the coffee tasted like water and the bagels were hard as brick. we were craving breakfast i should of just went to the buffet! lol but we slept in.... . the blt burger was pricey, but prob the best burger i had in awhile. SO TASTY! . . it was cool that this hotel had quite a few shops like froyo, candy store, tattoo shop, sport shop, watch, and etc. . . i would not come back to stay at the mirage. It is a nice location somewhat in the middle. the place got the dim theme going on. even the room the lights are ALL dim. it drove me nuts especially if i was trying to look at something if it was the day time i would of have to open the blinds. it bugged me bc i wanted privacy
This past weekend I booked a surprise birthday trip to the Mirage for my fiance's 28th birthday. We had a group of 4 -- 3 girls, 1 boy.. . ROOM: The room was very spacious!  For 4 people we had more than enough space and never felt crowded. We were located on the 8th floor, right next to the vending machine. I can see where most people would think this is annoying, but we loved it --we frequently wanted ice, sodas, etc. The halls got a little loud late at night, but it was no bother to us since we were usually up late having fun anyway. The bathroom was pretty small. The sink area was very nice, but the tub/shower combo was a little dated. I would give the room a 5/5.. . CASINO: I was a little disappointed with the casino. It was dark and dull. The dealers were great and friendly and the cocktail waitresses were very prompt. Maybe I'm bitter because I lost all my money! But honestly, I would prefer to gamble at the other casinos. the vibe here was a little tired. I would give the casino a 3/5. . . POOL: The pool itself was fabulous! Its large with lots of chairs and space in the sun!  Our group had a relatively easy time finding 4 chairs all together, even on the busy weekend days. The cocktail waitresses were friendly, beautiful and prompt. Drinks were typical Vegas price, $50 for 8 beers, $20 for a blended drink. I give the pool a 5/5.. . CON #1: We were charged for multiple 'snacks' in the room that we did not use. This is due to them being on a sensor and them being touched or bumped around. I understand and appreciate the convenience of the snacks, but this was a little annoying. As I was using express checkout I noticed the charges, called the front desk and the attendant took the charges off the bill, no questions asked, very helpful. I tried to express checkout again but now I was getting an error to call the front desk and verbally checkout. In the end, the staff was very friendly and everything was corrected.. . CON#2: \One day as our group was sitting by the pool, one of the staff members/promoters for BARE approached the group of 3 girls next to us to invite them to come into the lounge. The group of 3 explained they actually had a large group, 12 girls, and asked if they could all get a spot inside. The staff member/promoter then asked the girls if there were any 'bigger girls' in their group, because he probably wouldn't be able to get them in for free, they would have to pay. He also then explained that its not uncommon for a group of good-looking girls to get turned away from 1 OAK nightclub if they had a 'bigger girl' in their party, or they would ask the 'bigger girl' to leave. I understand this may be a common practice at a lot of clubs, but I was shocked at the staff member's lack of discretion. The group of girls, along with everyone in my group, were stunned. The girls declined their invitation to BARE. My group also changed our plans to go to 1 OAK that night. Manners go a long way and maybe some of the staff members/promoters need a refresher.
An older hotel, with very little updating.. . However, it's a convenient location at the very middle of the strip.. . An okay place to visit if you're a tourist, but there's a lot of other nicer and more up-to-date hotels.
Nice and clean, expected for a 4 stars hotel
After staying at the Wynn, Bellagio, Hotel 32, and Aria (meh!), I have to say that The Mirage is a bit.......older than what I normally prefer. . . That being said, my two night stay there was well priced and decent for what it was. Good location on the strip, too, right across from Harrahs (...shudder..) where they have the Improv comedy club. . . Our room was on the 25th floor, which has it's own dedicated elevator. There was one king sized bed with a large bathroomthat enclosed two sinks, toilet, a Jacuzzi style bathtub, and a separate shower. The mirror above the sinks and counter top was awesomely huge, though still lacked the appropriate lighting for applying makeup. That may sound strange, but it's something I take note of where ever I go, because I have yet to find a hotel that doesn't employ the use of odd 'energy saving' strange colored lighting in the bathrooms and rooms. As a result, sometimes it's hard to tell how dark your eye shadow really looks, or if your nose is really suddenly very pink, etc. Ladies may know what I mean  Possibly some men, too.. . A complaint - the satellite TV was sketchy at best. Several channels would appear for a few seconds before going black, and we had to switch to other channels and back again to get it to reappear. As you can imagine, the routine gets old. Oh well.. . On the HUGE plus side - This is the only room I've stayed at that had a fan in the bathroom!! That's valuable when sharing a room with others. You know what I'm talking about. Don't try to deny it. You know. And I know. Everybody knows. So stop denying it.. . The casino portion of the hotel is pleasant, with a wide range of slots and plenty of tables to play blackjack at. Be wary of the dealers - They are the luckiest people I know. They are also, overall, quite helpful when you're stumped about what move to make and willing help you out in "What would YOU do, Carol?" situations. Alas, despite their helpful input, you are in no way guaranteed to keep any of the money you came to the table with. Drink responsibly.. . My husband and I ate at the Cravings buffet in the casino, and we are sad to say we weren't impressed. My husband requested that I point out that the prime rib was way too well-done to be considered prime rib. It should be more red/pink, not light brown in the center. The prime rib was more like roast beef. The mashed potatoes are alright, I guess. . . My biggest issue was with the pizza. It was nothing to be proud of, mostly bready with little sauce or cheese or toppings. The dessert selection, which is of the utmost importance to me, is severely lacking in quality diet-bustworthy deliciousness. I think the tastiest thing I ate from that section was the fresh fruit. Watermelon. Yum! The 'cheesecake' and 'mud pie' and 'creme brulee' were like imitation foods you see when touring open houses. Not the real thing, though still edible if you try hard enough. My favorite dish over all? The Hunan chicken in the Asian section of the buffet. I mean Asian food section, not people. . . We ate at BLTs our second night. We shared a milkshake and waffle fries, and each had a huge burger. It was quite tasty and our waitress was polite and to the point, getting our order quickly and food out in a timely fashion. I want more.. . Two nights in a row, i ended up buying a bag full of candy at the Sugar Factory store across from BLTs. The chocolate covered potato chips are good, as are the sour ribbon things. Malted milk balls are always a favorite. The white chocolate covered gummy bears were surprisingly tasty, too. Give it a go, why don't ya?. . All in all, we had a wonderful time on my birthday trip, though I'm not sure if we'll stay there again unless we get a nice offer in the mail. . . P.S. Despite sleeping on a pile of sugar every night at home, I am in decent shape and mostly healthy. Not a single cavity in my 31 years, either, thank you very much!
Mirage is a decent place for a stay if you're considering location, pools and prices.  Standard rooms aren't spectacular, bathrooms are small and sure ventilation may be a bit rough at times, but can't complain- they're clean and I don't spend a lot of time in the room anyways.  Though, the beds are really comfortable.  The pool here is one of the best in Vegas.  It does get pretty crowded though so it's best to come early if you want a lounge chair. Haven't been to Bare yet so can't comment on that.  . . And, as others have pointed out, the location is great!  Quick walk to Caesars, TI, Venetian/Palazzo and right across from the ever so fun to play at Casino Royale!  Cosmo and Wynn/Encore are just a quick cab ride away too. The buffet here is decent, nothing to rave about. Rhumbar is a good place to hang out for a while- have some good cocktails and a cigar.  BLT Burger, not so much though, there are better places to enjoy a burger from.  I don't spend too much time playing table games here but they're usually lively and at $10 minimums. The sports book is great to catch a game too. I always consider staying here when I come on a budget because of the pools and most of the strip action is on this side, so if that's what you're looking for, consider it as well. - deserves a 3.5
I've long been a fan of The Mirage since it was THE place on The Strip.  Over the years, my wife and I have stayed there several times and enjoyed ourselves.  Our latest visit was good, but I noticed that The Mirage has become a second-tier hotel with a bit of fraying around the edges.  One particularly disappointing aspect was the pool.  I used to love the pool, but it has become an oasis of fat slobs and no longer employs hot cocktail servers.  When I say "fat slobs," I mean truly gross people, not talking average people.  I guess the cheap rooms have attracted a new crowd.  Next visit to Vegas, probably gonna look elsewhere...sorry Mirage, not bad, but not great.
Now that my oldest boyfriend Steve Wynn no longer has control of The Mirage and my gay boyfriends Siegfried and Roy either retired or were half-eaten by tigers, I'm not the huge fan of The Mirage that I once was when I was younger. . . Just like with the Bellagio, you can tell Mr. Wynn has left the building. . . There is something that has been cheapened by the Kerkorian takeover of the former Wynn properties and the elegance and uniqueness of The Mirage is mostly now gone though some hints of former glory still exist. . . Not much has been updated in the past fifteen years and what has been updated or added stands out against the traditional tropical decor of the property like a sore thumb (such as the entrance to "Love" by The Beatles andthe Revolution bar). And it has not been kept up like it would were it still a Wynn controlled property. The location is prime and parking is good but there is nothing about The Mirage that makes me want to stay and gamble, drink, or eat. They offer a nude pool, which is great, but the tasteless posters of a woman's backside right in my face - funny how in 2013 they don't advertise any shirtless men to lure the ladies - that litter the casino floor do not make me want to go and are more reminiscent of one of the cheaper, rowdier casinos.
The Mirage-its a nice hotel.  We got a room with a pool view, which was nice but I wish we had asked for a strip view instead.  The room was nice and the bed was comfy.  I LOVED their pillows.  The AC didn't seem to cool all that well and the bathroom was super small.  I wish it would have at least had a double vanity.  The location was great and the pool is nice.  I would stay here again but maybe get the room with a bigger bathroom.
This truly is a nice hotel, however, when compared to some of the other, newer properties, it really is pretty 'average'. The standard rooms are on the small side and pretty sparse. One huge irritation is the doors. They are way too thin and slam very hard. Made me feel like I was sleeping in the hallway. Oddly, the windows in the rooms open outwards at an angle, just a little. There's not a lot of fresh air in Vegas, and opening the window basically lets in the stink of the strip. The Mirage was one of the first 'mega resorts' in Las Vegas. Now, it's been truly overshadowed by the much larger resorts popping up all around it. Honestly, they need a serious remodel and their customer service totally lacks. It's not that this is a bad place, by any means, but it no longer competes on the same level as the newer places. A little attention to detail, would go a long way.
In most cities The Mirage would stand out, but aside from its central location there is really not much 'special' about this property on Las Vegas Boulevard.  Certainly a fine hotel and cheaper than some depending on deals and discounts, but bargain travelers can stay cheaper and luxury travelers would likely be let down.
Probably one of my favorite places on the strip to play. Hotel is Ok. Not a lot of table games. But they have a decent poker room. Decent places to eat. Mostly comfort food.
2.5 stars, rounding up to 3. Stayed here for 3 nights, Sunday through Tuesday. . . Here are the pluses:. - The room looked nice, with up-to-date decor. . - The staff was very friendly and helpful.. - The location is of course convenient to most of what you'd want to do on the Strip.. - The breakfast buffet is pretty good for the price. It's basically limited to traditional breakfast items, but it's less than $20, which is a good deal for the Strip.. . And the minuses:. - The bed (king) was totally concave on one half - completely worn out. Luckily I was by myself and could use the other half. . - The room smelled musty. I didn't see any water stains, so I'm not sure what the cause was.. - I was kept up by loud bass from 11PM-2AM on Sunday night. I'm assuming this was coming from the Mirage's club, since the volume didn't change as it would if it had been from a car passing by. And I was on the 4th floor!. - The cable TV cut out for about an hour at one point.. - The clock radio hadn't reset for daylight savings time. This required a visit from maintenance, since you need a screwdriver to adjust the time.. . Basically the rooms are relatively reasonably priced compared to larger resorts on the Strip. There were no major problems, but the above items were annoyances you shouldn't encounter at the more expensive properties. I wouldn't rush back here for a stay unless the price was substantially lower than nearby resorts.
The Mirage once was the finest casino hotel in Vegas.  Then was then and now is now. It is now a second tier bordering on third tier resort. . . Yes the pool is great, Sambos is one of the best restaurants on the strip and the rooms have been updated and are very nice...but  they Nickle and dime you everywhere.  . . For example a $25 per day "resort fee" that gives nothing in return. Free Wifi at dial up speeds, an antiquated dungeon fitness center full of old equipment and a daily newspaper you have to pick up in the lobby. . . The coffee shop has been closed so the only 24 hour food is at the very overpriced deli-$19.00 turkey sandwiches. Really but you do get a free pickle. Lol. .  . Next time I will spend a few more dollars and stay at the Wynn or Venetian. You pay more for the room but the overall amount is the same for a far better stay.
Pros: Very friendly staff, great buffet, great location on the strip. . . Where improvement is needed: The hotel, especially housekeeping, needs to do a better job of inspecting the rooms. When I got to my room, the carpet wasn't swept, the time on the alarm clock was wrong, there was a light coat of dust on the surfaces and a light bulb in one of the lights was burnt out. (In all fairness, when I called housekeeping and told them about this, they fixed it right away.) My king size bed was concave on one side and the WiFi reception was not good at all, especially for being part of a $25/day "resort fee".. . Certainly not a bad experience, but it didn't live up to the 4 star rating either.
Pros: Clean basic rooms (the adjacent door was convenient), free WIFI, good location on the strip - especially good since it was right where the finish line for the Rock N Roll Half Marathon! Woot. . . Cons: Wasn't the biggest fan of the lobby...found it a bit dimly lit, not lively, and didn't put me in the best mood.
For a hotel on the strip, the Mirage is probably right in the middle (literally and figuratively).  It's an older hotel, and you can tell once you walk into the lobby as it smells like old cigarettes and years of carpet cleaner.  But the service was friendly and the location is optimal (literally right next door to Caesar's Palace and all the glorious shopping, across the street from cheaper eats like McD's/Chipotle/Panda Express, cater-corner to the Venetian/Pallazzo and all the wonders to discover there... it's prime strip locale!).  It's also more affordable than the rest.  It's not so large that it's unmanageable, but there are enough things to do and see in the resort itself (Revolution Bar/Rhumbar/Love/Casino/etc). I unfortunately was in town for business and did not have a chance to hang out at 1-Oak, but have heard good things.  . . Room is clean, bed is comfy, and there is free WIFI :)  Overall, no complaints (except you now have to pay $20 to see the tigers and dolphins! what?!). . PS - there is a resort fee of $25/day, which is a vegas strip thing....so don't freak when that shows up on the bill!
Not sure which casino was given the elite label first, but it might be this one.  Nice elegant clean casino with lots of action, tables and slots.  Nice sports book.  Great restaurants, good shows and a great great location.  Sandwiched between Caesars and Treasure Island (with a tram to TI) and across the street from Harrah's and the Venetian.  Great views from the rooms and nice clean rooms.  It's been here for a while but it still maintains a new feel to it.  The valet is among the worst in Vegas with access in and out of it difficult.  The strip is a zoo, and the funnel is right in front of this casino.  Outdoor shows here (volcano) and the TI (ships) can create crowds although they are no where as good as the Bellagio fountains.  Go across the street and stay there instead (Harrah, Quad and Flamingo) because they are ten times cheaper and walk over here to gamble and eat.  Doesn't get a 4 star since the Venetian outshines it in every respect; however, this is still a great place to gamble.
