Eeeeks, I hate to be the one to NOT give 5 stars.  But here goes...I read the reviews here on Yelp and thought this sounded cool.  Well, it was okaaaay. .  . The goods:. *Don't buy your tix way ahead of time.  Go to the box office located behind Serendipity and look for a guy passing out $20 off coupons. (That is $20 off each ticket).. *The tickets without the discount are only $69, so at $49 per ticket, I didn't feel so bad about not loving this show.. *There isn't a bad seat in the place unless you get behind a tall person. * The show is pretty short. . The bads:. *You sit in a wood chair for 90 minutes and your back/butt isn't going to be happy. *Based on the reviews I thought it was going to be raunchy and bad.  It was very mild.  . *The acrobatics were good but I couldn't help but think they were just college kids from UNLV warming up for gymnastics and cheer-leading season. *The roller skate act? One wrong move and we were all going to be decapitated. How did they ever get insured to do that?. . I am not a Vegas show kinda girl but this was okay.  If I had paid more than $50 per ticket I would have been bummed.
First off, thanks Misti for putting together a great Yelp event that included tickets to Absinthe!. . Absinthe in a nutshell: NOBODY is safe. And by safe I mean, everyone is equally a subject of scrutiny of the show's "host" the Gazillionaire. Who is the Gazillionaire? He is a raunchy man who looks like the lost Schwartzman brother. He is a successful man who runs what appears to be a traveling circus featuring acrobats, dancers, singers-all with extraordinary capabilities. But first and foremost, he is a raunchy, nasty individual. I knew all of this going in, but still found myself with my mouth agape at certain points during the show.. . Don't bring your grandma. Don't bring your parents. Don't bring your republican friends. Don't bring yourself if you are easily offended.. . That being said, don't let my three star rating deter you from going to the show-it's absolutely unique and uniquely Vegas. The setting is very intimate and while I felt like I could've benefited from tiered seating for a better view, for the most part the view was great. The acts felt right in my face at times and I found myself on the edge of my seat in a panic quite frequently, but in a good way! . . I didn't hate the show, but most of the humor just wasn't my kind of humor-everyone has a preference. The show as a whole though was pretty great and I'd probably see it again and sit in an inconspicuous spot as to not be heckled by the Gazillionaire. Because he has no mercy.. . I don't offend easily, but there were some portions of the show that made me cringe because of the prolonged awkwardness or attempting to take an already hilarious joke to the next level but failing with 6th grade boy humor. A lot of it involves targeting the audience, so don't come if you can't take a joke or laugh at yourself. A couple of hecklers were in the house and The Gazillionaire didn't quite know how to handle that besides telling them to "shut the f$&@* up!" or calling them names or just saying "this is soooo awwwwkwaaaaaard." Which it was.. . The performances were brilliant! My favorite act was by two security guards who turned into extortionists? Acrobats? I don't know what you call them, but their act was amazing! There was one act that basically mocked every Cirque show ever and it was pretty hilarious! And accurate. The show overall had a good mix of entertainment and what I though was a awesome soundtrack.. . Again, I'd recommend if you're looking for a show that's far from your standard Vegas show. Remember, the Gazillionaire does not discriminate-he'll get you.
It was a really fun show, but if I had to compare to other shows on the strip, I would go with a Cirque show, especially for the price. My biggest complaint was the seating, it'd be nice if it was tiered for better views of T & A. And those wooded chairs were torture on my boney a*s..  The show was funny and sexy and a little bit demented. Amazing acrobatics, vulgar obscenities, and stories of sexual depravity were included in the price of admission. The Gazillionaire and Penny were hilarious. If you sit up front or in sight of those on stage, be prepared to be insulted or better yet; to get pulled up on stage to eventually have your embarrassing YouTube video all over the internet.. The setting for the show is great, love the music played during the acts. Get in line early for a good seat. (The show would be perfect for a Bachelor or Bachelorette party.)
Absinthe is basically an adult circus that seems to work really hard to make it raunchy and vulgar. I don't mind it, I just thought it felt forced and unnecessary (to be fair, I was sober...). A lot of swearing and dirty jokes. The jokes were funny, but the performers doing the circus acts were so good that they didn't really need all the dressings.. . The athleticism of the performers was out of this world. Very talented people. I was on the edge of my (very uncomfortable seat) the whole time. The roller skating act seemed dangerous and I thought was a bit too much. If anything went wrong, there could be some serious damage to the audience, let alone the performers.. . There was some audience heckling, but it was funny. And, it was just the ringleader saying stuff about people based on their looks - the gays, the republicans, the mexican, etc. Its not like in some comedy shows where there's dialogue between audience member and performer. It pushed the limits, but didn't go too far.. . Definitely a show I would only go to in Vegas, but I'm glad I went. Very Vegas, but something you gotta do if you're here. Entertaining, amusing, had me constantly laughing. And the circus acts were really cool with unbelievable talent.. . NOTE: general seating only - like a movie theatre. But all of the seats seem basically the same. Inside a medium sized circus tent, with chairs around the center stage. Don't freak out, you'll forget about your seat when the show starts. All your attention will be on the performers.
A-OK. . The show was funny and had some amazing acrobatics so why only 3 stars?  I agree with the five star reviews in most aspects except the ones I have listed below. . . The venue left a little to be desired.  I liked that it was small and there really are not bad seats view wise but........ the seats were rock hard and crammed together.  I'm a fairly big guy (~230lbs) and got to know my neighbor pretty well.. . The show also started off much like the Cirque shows they eventually make fun of and while the humor they used was to my liking it messed with the flow of the show.  . . Finally this show was overpriced IMO.  I was able to get ticketsat  1/2 shows and still payed around $75 a ticket.  If this was a $50 show I would probably rate it at four stars.
I decided to see this show based on the suggestions of fellow Yelpers. I haven't  been to any of the Cirque shows, and didn't really know too much about this particular show. . . To sum it up in a few words: Beautiful Men, Gorgeous Women, Obnoxious Host, Breathtaking Tricks. . The venue is located outside of Caesar's in a tent. Surprisingly inside it's really nice! It's small, which makes every seat a good seat. . . I love to laugh - really! I took away a star because some of the comments made by the host were down right offensive, and I am not one who usually takes offense in these situations. A lot of his "comedy" is directed towards minorities and gays, so you may want to skip this one if you're uncomfortable with that type of humor.. . The acrobats were really cool at the beginning, but then seemed to be a little repetitive after awhile. I really liked the tightrope act. One of the guys was pretty cute! . . Overall I'm glad I saw the show, but it's not something I would want to see again or recommend.
When you've watched all the Cirque du Soleil shows, seen Blue Man Group 10 times and all the other Vegas shows at least once and want to see something else, what do you do? . . This small show isn't your typical Vegas extravaganza. The venue is a tent between Serendipity and Caesar's Palace. You can sit anywhere and you'd still be close to the stage. If you're not easily offended, this is the show for you. It's like a cross between a show on the strip with it's set design and acrobatics + a strip club with the skin and raunchiness. So, don't take your kids and your Christian grandmother here.
So, my boyfriend wanted to go to this for his birthday, so we went.  Let me say first that he LOVED it- has been talking about how great it is for months now (we went in June), and has called it his favorite show of all time, stated that he could go to this show every day and continue enjoying it, and wants to go again.  And I admit that I liked it, too, for a large part of it..      The setting is a circus tent.  The paraphernalia around the walls is fun to check out.  The feel is a bit dark but overall enjoyable.  Be prepared for the elements- I was freezing! (in June in Las Vegas)  And if you can, bring a pillow- the seats were very uncomfortable after a while..      The acrobatics were incredible- I loved the aerobatics, the roller skaters, and many of the other acts.  Even though she has a propensity for pushing things WAY over the edge (to where what she was saying was not only uncomfortable, but then eventually a bit boring- same thing, same story, shocking at first, but then it keeps going and going and going and doesn't change), I found myself actually liking the announcer's "assistant."  The MC was good, but be prepared- if you're in the front few rows of the audience you just might find yourself part of the act (in which case, don't let yourself be bullied by the MC or any of the other performers or peer-pressured into anything you don't want to do).  I was alright with a lot of the risque bits- a lot of it reminds me of the raunchy aspect of a Renaissance Faire, but do not misunderstand me- there are parts that I felt went too far and made me very uncomfortable.  I don't consider myself a prude, but I do admit that I have my limits, and this show frequently pushed right to them and then a few times over them- sometimes WAY over them.  .      We had been told that this was a family friendly show- IT IS NOT.  If you are into modesty and are uncomfortable with anything from sexual innuendo to outright nudity, DO NOT GO TO THIS SHOW.  If you don't like listening to people cursing and using dirty language, AVOID THIS SHOW.  BUT, if you enjoy burlesque shows and enjoy Renaissance Faire humor, then you might REALLY ENJOY this show.
After all the exceptional Yelp hype I was all excited and revved up to see this show. Hmmmmmm....yeah, it was funny and entertaining. But was it THAT funny and entertaining? No. When you're warned, by an announcement overhead, that the show is going to be raunchy, you know you're in for an over the top performance. And by over the top, I mean a sort of "trying too hard to be raunchy/vulgar and actually 7th grade humor." That Penny chick needs to go. Soooo not funny. Why was she so oversexual? I didn't get it. That being said, I did enjoy the "Gazillionaire's routine of pulling innocent bystanders from the audience. Audience members are always good for a laugh. . . The actual acts in between the poor banter by Penny were really cool. I really loved the skating duo and the burlesque performance in the balloon. Other good acrobatics as well. And a funny parody of Cirque du Soleil. . . But sheesh, the seats...so uncomfortable. And my husband is over six feet tall and he couldn't see over the person in front of him. Would be better if they staggered the seats. Didn't love the drunk idiots behind us talking about threesomes during the show. But, hey, I guess we were at a "raunchy" show in a tent in Vegas - can't really expect anything different. . . I'd say go if you've tapped out other resources in Vegas, but don't make Absinthe a priority. Not as great as they say....unless you haven't hit puberty yet.
Definitely not for kids! The venue is kinda tight, too bad if you are not tall enough because you will end up with a stiff neck. The venue looks like a temporary venue, it's like a blown up tent. . . An old couple passing by handed us the tickets because they got it for free and they are flying out of vegas tonight. Free tickets, so why not? . . The stunts are okay and the green jokes are somewhat amusing. Reminds me of comedy bars in Asia wherein you hear a lot of cussing and dirty words. I guess that's their idea of fun, oh well, it worked. They mixed stunts, with stand up comedy, some music and a lot of extra stuff, which i found amusing. This is one of those shows that you want to watch when you got few booze already. It was fun and entertaining! I like it, but not something that i would pay for!
Parts of it were AMAZING,  but honestly I didn't understand the need for the super vulgar graphic jokes.  The Penny character was way over the top with graphic "cock sucking" descriptions. XXX rated!   I took my Mom to this show instead of Zumanity because I thought Zumanity would be too sexual to see with Mom,  but this was down right embarrassing.  . . Its nice that everything is close and some of the acrobatic acts were great! The death defying skaters were probably the best.  The tight rope act was nothing new, but cool that it was so close.  . . If you kept the great acts and some normal humor and audience interaction this show would be much better.  The vulgarity just didn't seem to go and cheapened the experience.  I'm not a prude, but just didn't get the connection. . . The small venue is nice, but the seats are gawd awful small and very uncomfortable.  Once everyone was seated, people had to spread out to empty seats.  If you weigh over 100 lbs, you can't fit in the seats.  i'm serious,  wooden fold ups made for kids. They are tied together like sardines.  . . Without some changes,  I would never recommend this show to anyone I like.  Which is too bad because it has potential to be great if you add a little class to it.
While I certainly do not mind (and in fact welcome) the vulgarity of the show, I had a tough time laughing, especially knowing about it beforehand. It does seem forced, and at a not very cheap price, the show itself was only average to me.. . And I was pretty drunk, and I usually love things even more when I am drunk.. . The best thing about this show itself is that it's in an intimate venue. You're close to the action no matter where your seat is. The acrobatics are impressive, though still nothing you haven't seen before, except perhaps for the pretty cool opening chair stunts.. . I do feel like watching a Cirque show is going to be far more "blow you away" in terms of acrobatics. I can see, however, why some people love this show with its off-the-strip attitude and small venue. I guess it's like a cross between a Cirque show, a traditional Circus, and a semi-nude variety show.. . Luckily, I got to see it for free due to unlucky circumstances for my friend. Would I recommend at full price? It really depends on the taste of the viewer, for a show like this.
Show is good but overpriced. Way overpriced considering it was on a spiegeltent and they sit you on a wooden folding chair, elbow to elbow with person next to you. . I heard a lot of people here said that the worse seat are still good. I'm going to say this is not exactly true. . The stage was circular, however the section where we sat was sort of the "back side" of it. I said back side because the light shone to our direction. It was pretty uncomfortable trying to watch the show with lights shining directly to our eyes. Also, they have a smaller stage next to our seat and some of the performers stand and perform there. From where we sat, we ended up watching their back side. Considering I paid 90$ after tax and whatever fees ticketmaster is charging (and this is after 20$ off coupon), I feel like the show is way overpriced. . The act itself was good but nothing spectacular. Two dudes doing strong man acts, three dudes walking on a tight rope, singing/burlesque, comedy. Except the roller skate act, nothing jaw dropping to me. . I wouldn't rewatch the show for the second time unless the ticket price is around 40$.
I agree the Emcee of the show was vulgar or vulgar sake, if you guy general admission be prepared to get packed in like your on an express airplane in russia. I had a hard time enjoying the show with my arms tucked in, my legs tightly closed and the bright shiny light in my eye. Too bad because what show I did watch was awesome!  Just think they could have better seating and bump up the price by 5 bucks instead of packing it so tight you can hardly breathe.
I really enjoyed the show -almost enough to give it 5 stars, but...... 1. small venue is great. 2. people are talented but an acrobat is an acrobat.  so nice these people can find a job.  what else is this talent good for?. 3. the sexual humor was on target for this day and age- still blue but definitely relevant and therefore FUNNY. 4. there was some racist humor which, as a white person i could really laugh at, but it was unnecessary and did offend some non-white people i talked to.  race humor is a very touchy subject.  but the show would have been  just as good without the little bit of it they put in there... that's all.
Haha, if you lean towards the conservative side, you might want to steer clear of this show. Overall, we enjoyed the show. Recommended for 20-30 somethings, it's not a family friendly show! The show definitely kept us entertained and laughing the whole time but I wasn't amazed or anything. The acts were good but if you've been to any cirque shows, you've been basically seen all those types of acts. What sets this show apart is the humor. It can be offensive but I admit it is hilarious! If you can handle raunchy, politically incorrect humor, you'll be cracking up the whole time! I could tell some people were uncomfortable though, lol, oh well!. . The place itself is somewhat small so there isn't a bad seat in the house. You can usually find online discounts. We did like the show but I personally don't care to see it again and not really raving to my friends about it. Oh, and it smells like piss or something in there. It seriously had the weirdest, pungent smell, ugh.
Well after reading the gushing reviews on here I thought I would give this show a try.. I have been to close to 10 Cirque shows including the traveling shows and I have seen Andrew Dice Clay and I would say this show is a mixture of both but not as good as either one.  It is an intimate venue and I have never been this close to the action.  The ringleader is kind of funny although he picked on two older guys suggested they were bears and banging each other way too many times.  The sidekick Penney is a little OTT and would make the Dice Man blush.  It was funny for the most part but not hysterical.  The acrobats were good but there is only so much you can do in that small of a tent.  I was glas I purposedly got tickets for like the 5th row because the first couple of rows are definetly targets for jokes and participation.
Rude, disgusting, and offensive humor...loved it!  Been a Concierge on the strip for 3 years and this show was a breath of fresh air. Certainly not the Cirque spectacular but the humor alone was entertaining enough.
I really want to give this show a 2 but the talent segments deserve more. The gazillionaire was pretty funny but his side kick wasn't funny at all. I think she should be changed to a character that you want to hate a little less. I didnt think she was funny at all and frankly detracted from the show. Not the actress, just the character she played. Her jokes were like the cheapest, most low form of comedy where you chuckle bc your uncomfortable or bc the people around you are laughing.. . I also think I would have enjoyed it more if I hadnt seen zumanity the night before which has the luxury of being in its own custom designed theater with all of the lights and special effects of cirque. It was like Ceasar's wanted their own zumanity but didnt have room sothey popped up a tent outside... which by the way is where this is. Then hired interesting talent that were ok being naked and had  lucid absinthe sponsor even though it has nothing to do with the show. . . I know a lot of ppl enjoyed the show and like I said the "acts" were really good circus type stuff. . . Some tips- If you buy a premium seat it comes with a split of champagne per person at the ONE bar. Yeah, that one incredibly long line for everyone... except they dont tell you or advertise that premium seat holders have their own entrance through the green telephone booth with their own bar. Ask someone where it is. AND CEASARS! IF YOURE READING THIS PUT UP A DANG SIGN! It is so annoying to wait in line 45 min and then find out you had your own personal entrance bc they turn you away at the general admission line.. . Also be prepared to not go to the restroom the entire time you are there. 90 MIN. BC there is crap going on all around you for the entire time.
I'll start with saying that I would give this 4.5 stars if it weren't for the chairs, and how cramped everyone is inside.  So, just b/c of that, I've deducted 1 1/2 stars.  My boyfriend said he'd only deduct 1/2 a star from the 4.5 he also rates this show. . . The show - very good.  You must be aware that this is a very raunchy, completely NOT PC kind of show.  So, as long as you are cool with the envelope being pushed, then you may enjoy it.  Both my boyfriend and I did not want to see a cirque show.  We already saw all the shows we really wanted to see in the past. So, this trip, we were just a little lost as to what to see since nothing really grabbed us.  I did extensive research in trying to choose a show.  I am happy that i chose Absinthe.   Even reading about the bad chairs, I decided to take a chance.  I wish I would have dished for the cushier seats, but I got the tickets through tix4less, and apparently they just assign seats to you.  Anyway, I thought the show was really good. I just couldn't enjoy it as much b/c of how uncomfortable I was due to the chairs.  The only act I thought was a little lame was the bubble girl.  She was pretty, but there was nothing extraordinary about it.  Both my boyfriend and I enjoyed all the other acts. Oh, and some people on here commented on Penny's voice. Yes, it's shrilly, but it works with the character.  It's supposed to be like that.  We both enjoyed her character.  And also, someone here mentioned taking their little girls to see this show, and then complaining about it.  DUH! shame on that person or anyone else who doesn't do their research first about any Vegas show b/4 taking kids to see it. . . The chairs - If you sit anywhere but the first 2-3 rows, you sit in very uncomfortable wooden chairs. Not only does your butt hurt, but the back part of the chair was not completely flat. The back consisted of wooden bars, so if you lean back, it felt like the bars were digging in your back.  After about 5-10 minutes, I was already moving around in the chair trying to find a more comfortable position. Did not help.  I would have enjoyed the show so much more if it weren't for the chairs.  I found myself half way through the show wanting it to end just b/c of the chairs.  I should also point out that I have a couple of herniated discs in my lower back, but I spoke to someone else who had the same problem, and she claims that she didn't even remember the chair bothering her.  So, guess I'm just mentioning that b/c I don't want people w/lower back problems to just rely on my post alone for that.. . The space - yes. very cramped. I got lucky and the chair to my left was empty, so my elbows weren't on someone else's waist.  My boyfriend basically had his arm around me just so he can spread himself across me instead of the person to his right. . . Perhaps if the chairs were more comfortable but still cramped, I still would have enjoyed the show more, but it wasn't.  I don't know why the show can't just get some cushioned seats, and not have those bars in the back of the chairs.  . . I should note that there are some seats all the way in the back that have cushion and arm room b/c there were tables.  I didn't know this until I got there.  I was only aware of the cushy seats & tables in the front rows.
I have never been to a Vegas show before because I'm cheap. But, because it was my boyfriend's first time in Vegas, we decided to go to this one. I was not disappointed! . . The talent is amazing and it was truly hilarious. I felt like it was a great combination of all the choices you have for Vegas shows: A little burlesque, a little comedy, a little acrobatics. The jokes are totally inappropriate and it can get raunchy, so be warned. . . I took off 2 stars because the chairs were AWFUL. I liked that it was a small space and there were no bad seats, but the chairs themselves were so distracting. They were so uncomfortable, I was fidgeting the whole time to try to find a good position. The people all around me were doing the same thing, so it was pretty distracting about halfway through and I couldn't enjoy the show nearly as much as I would have liked to.
