Gotta luv AYCE sushi for only $19.95 (and just $3 more during dinner)! They have nigiri, temaki, uramaki style sushi. It's a bit different that you order off a menu sheet & they don't bother to replace it with another order sheet (guess they don't want you to order more since it's an all you can eat).. . Several disappointments: they were out of uni, when I order ama emi I expect it to be served with deep fried ebi but none came, their floors were slippery. Their dynamite is not what I expected (not enuff mayo for my taste).. . Now the plusses: they have an extensive list of sushi rolls, the hamachi kama is HUGE & moist & the skin was onoliciously crispy.. I'm not a fan of wasabi or ginger but my friends luvd it.. This place  was busy for a weekday @ 2pm.
3.5 stars, but for $23, you can't complain too much.  . . My cousins took me here a few years ago and I really enjoyed it.  On a return visit this past Vegas trip, I noticed the quality had gone down and the popularity had gone up.  The fish is still very, very fresh.  The only complaint I had from the place was the rice.  The sushi rice was not seasoned at all.  Not only that, it was very sticky like it was right out of the rice cooker.  Sushi rice needs to be seasoned and left out for a little bit otherwise you just have a rice ball.  . . I don't know what's better, the sauce on the "kiss the ass" roll, or our fobby waitress saying, "kiss the ass" as she puts it on the table.  We ordered a few rolls and a lot of the nigiri.  The rolls were good and they let you make half orders.  This is great if you want to try a variety of them.  They had sweet shrimp and they even fried the heads.  I love that.  It also seemed the nigiri was very inconsistent.  Some of them had a big piece of fish on top and some had lots of rice.  I didn't really mind they limit you one of some of the items, because how much uni and giant clam can you really eat?. . The appetizers were just okay.  The yakitori and the agadashi tofu weren't all that great.  We ordered a few others, but they weren't memorable enough for me to even recall what they were.  . . The dessert was nice.  Most places don't usually include that.  Mochi ice cream can't be bad.
This place is owned by Koreans so don't expect authentice Japanese sushi. The best option is to get the AYCE sushi. The lunch price is around 17 and 23 for dinner. You have to eat all the rice. Most of the sushi was either deep fried or was covered in sauce. They do have a large selection of rolls, although they do seem like a variation of the same thing.
Love the all you can eat. Reasonably priced and a wide variety to choose from.. . My favorite is the Sea food Salad...but sadly you can only order one in the all you can eat meal.
The Sushi here is not as good as Sumo Sushi 2 BUT it IS pretty darn good!. . Plus: You can order half rolls. Minus: The rolls did not taste as good as Sumo Sushi. . Every roll seem to have had Spicy Tuna in it. I love it but it all begins to taste the same... . . I was going to list all the rolls we had and rate them to taste but everyone has different tastes so I suggest if you are going to Vegas and do not wish to stray too far from the strip, this is the place to go!. . If you want to stray a lil, go to Sumo Sushi 2!
There are better all you can eat places with real variety, and not just what ever is available. It seemed they were pushing the fish they needed to get rid of. The menu was repetitive with spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy scallop and tempura everything.  How about adding a variety of fish and shell fish, they dont have oysters, no uni, no fun.
I went to Yama last week with friends to have 'all you can eat'. I'd like a lot for the price. One of my friends said the sushi was old, but for me it was fine! One thing that suck is that you can order ONE thing at a time (what is ok when sharing in a party of friends). Overall: decent all u can eat sushi for a moderate price. Service is average.
I'm only basing my review on the AYCE special.  Yama is definitely one of the dankest buffets in Vegas, including Wynn and Wicked Spoon.  Coming from LA, I consider myself somewhat of a sushi elitist.  Although the quality of the fish here is mediocre, the prices here are unbeatable in Vegas.  The AYCE also includes all hot foods including teriyakis and tempuras.  The only drawback here is that the service is extremeley slow on busy days (which pretty much means every day).  Be sure to try their uni, albacore, and sweet shrimp (although the uni and sweet shrimp are only included ONCE in the AYCE).  With the benefits and drawbacks, I would rate this place a solid 3 star.. . PROTIP:  Be sure to try the seafood salad; a mixture of sashimi slices in ponzu sauce and sliced radish.
The price here was $23 for all you can eat sushi, which is a great deal...compared to sushimon which is nearly $30 for dinner. The selection is decent, but the fish is not as fresh and the rice is large and not really "sushi" rice. However, I did enjoy the seafood salad, which is a large bowl of sashimi limit one per person. The sushi chef Jun was very friendly.. . The only reason I rate it a 3 star is for the stingy service. I was working on my last 4 piece order when I asked for the check. The server refused to return my credit card until I finish all 4 pieces due to the "left over surcharge policy".
With all you can eat lunch for under twenty and dinner at twenty three, I can see why Yama is always jammed pack. Quick turnovers must be the business plan for this restaurant, because no table sat dirty for more than a minute. The speedy service and vast amounts of food is good enough reason for this restaurant to be constantly busy. . . My friend and I were greeted at the door and sat promptly upon entrance. Our drink orders were taken and delivered within minutes. It took a couple of minutes for our waitress to come introduce herself, but you need that time to look over their menu. When she did come around, she was helpful and gave good suggestions.. . We ordered the a bunch of rolls and they were all good, but drowning in sauce. Every roll on the list comes with some kind of dressing, and they do not go light here. In fact, everything on the menu comes with something on or on the side for dipping. The nigiri were enormous blocks of rice topped with an equally frightening slab of fish. I prefer my nigiri to be on the smaller side and will order more if I want. The overall taste was good, but I wonder how I would feel if I had the chance to taste the fish alone.
It is with great sadness and a deep sense of loss that I must amend my previous rating of what was once the best sushi in all of Vegas. Once rated a 5 star, it now lies more around the 3 star range.  . . To be sure, the crowds are still lining up for a seat at this one-time fine establishment, but one wonders if the restaurant's popularity may have contributed to its current downfall.. . Since my last review of Yama, the place has certainly gotten a lot busier. But management has not responded well to the rush of new business. . . Here is a few things that have gone very wrong at Yama:. * The fish is no longer fresh. Rather than cutting the fish from the filet as it is ordered, they pre-cut several hundreds of pieces at a time - and the quality of the fish has suffered immensely, with most pieces having a soft, slimy film covering them.. * The place is way too crowded. Rather than focusing on a great dining experience, management has decided to try and cram as many people as possible along the bar and around the tables. Turnover seems to be the most important factor. If I didn't know any better, I would say they have added seats to accommodate more customers in the same sized space.. * The chefs are rushing. It appears as though the place has completely abandoned the 'Art' of sushi in favor of speed and efficiency. They give little regard to the presentation and balance of the dishes. Far too many times I have been handed a plate that has way too much or way too little of something, like so much vinegar on the roll that the rice crumbles at the slightest touch.. . Be sure that these issues were not a factor for the many years I have enjoyed Yama - that is until recently. Hopefully there is still time to fix them. . . Don't get me wrong, I am happy for Yama's success - I just wish it was not at the expense of what made them great to begin with.
If you like lots of cream cheese and sauce this is the place for you. To be honest it was really difficult to taste the fish in any of these rolls. I have a preference for sashimi and traditional rolls without the silly names. The service was ok. I went for Lunch and this place gets really loud like a bar. This made it quite difficult for me to enjoy myself. I give it 3 stars because the rolls are decent but not the best.
This place was packed when I got there but good thing it was just me and my brother so we were seated at the bar quickly. But my chair scared the crap outta me. the chair was wobbly and i didn't want to lean back.. Moving on, I liked the all the sushi we tried out but I felt really cramped for some reason. lol service was attentive and made sure my glass was always full. Mochi ice cream was awesome! And you're not limited to one order of ice cream :) . . I recommend this place, but do come before the dinner rush. Once I got outside there seemed to be around 20 people waiting to be seated.
This place is one of the smallest sushi places I've been to. It's nice and cozy though. Honestly, I didn't think it was all too special. For some reason, there was eel sauce drenched over every roll that I ordered even if there wasn't supposed to be any on there in the first place. The servers there were always there when we needed them. In fact, they were there when we didn't. It got to the point that we were getting pretty irritated because every 5 minutes a server would come over. I know that's what they're supposed to do especially when we had all you can eat but we weren't even done with our rolls and they would already be on their way to ask if we wanted more. The good thing about that was that our drinks were never half empty. Overall, it was an ok experience and I don't think I'll be returning soon unless I'm craving some sushi after school.
Rice was not sushi rice, not a huge selection of rolls.  The cuts of fish were very generous which I did like, but the rice killed the thrill of the nigiri.  23 bucks for dinner is a good price but for 4 bucks more I would rather go elsewhere.  Small, but clean, and quick service took it from two stars to 3.  Very friendly staff and attentive, could see issues if going at a prime time hour due to size of restaraunt.
All-you-can-eat sushi for $23.95.  "Cozy" AKA cramped environment inside. Service a bit slow because it was so crowded. . . The No Name roll is the best!!  The Mochi ice cream for dessert is highly recommended and delicious!!
Hmmm. Almost 300 reviews on this place and the reviews seem to be fairly consistent 4 and 5 star reviews. Which leads me to believe that either I ate here on an 'off' night, or else there are alot of people out there who have never eaten really good sushi.. . This is apparently a local spot. Located only 5 minutes from the The Strip, but in a nondescript strip mall that you would never think to look in, unless you were coming here. Must have waited for a good 20 minutes to get in the door; there was a long line of people at 8pm on a Friday night.. . Very low-key, casual environment. No interior design to speak of. You are coming here for the prices. They have a $23 all-you-can-eat dinner special that some friends recommended, so we went with it.. . In terms of selection, Yama Sushi has that in abundance. At least 25 specialty rolls, and then all of your typical rolls and sushi, etc.. . My issue with this place isn't that it's actually bad - it's not. It's just not particularly good either. The rice was soggy and sticky. The fish portions are really tiny. And the taste of the fish gets easily drowned out by the soggy, sticky rice. The edamame was actually bad. Miso soup was blah. And honestly, $23/each comes out to over $50/couple which, I've been to  many mid-range sushi places with comparable prices that offered better food, if not the selection that Yama Sushi offers.. . The service was also sub-par. Many items were ordered that never came out of the kitchen. Had to request a tea refill four times before the refill came. When we were wrapping up our meal, the server essentially made it clear that it was now time for usto leave.. . For my money, I would find somewhere else. And you can trust me; I'm an Elite. ;)
This is a very good sushi place, and I really do enjoy it, but they need to learn to seat people in the damned order they come in. Last weekend my husband and I went, and asked to be seated at the bar, which had two vacant seats. Instead, I was told they're being held for a party of four... (along with a rude customer who injected his two cents into the conversation, despite the fact that no one was talking to him in the first place) Sit your damned party of four at a fucking table! ee. . While those seats sat empty for 30 minutes (which we would have been pretty much done by then), we waited outside, then moved in to the bench there. Another 15 minutes passed and a few parties of two were called to be seated, and we noticed that they had come in after us. Finally one group said "Um, they were here before us..." and the guy went "Oh! I'm sorry. I lost the paper with your name on it." . . Right.... you're holding it in your fucking hand. . . I ended up speaking with the manager, who made things right with an apology, good food and some beer which was on the house. The food does make up for the occasional poor service, but yeah... After I spoke with the host and explained to him that I was not angry, but he did need to ensure that people are seated correctly.... . Sad thing is, this isn't the first time I've heard of this happening. If it occurs again, I'll be lowering my rating a lot and heading off to Goyemon more.. . As a side note, NEVER EVER get the Devil Roll. The special sauce = enough mayonnaise that it looks like the sushi roll was participating in a bukkake film.
The food was really good at this restaurant, and reasonably priced, but OMG, the table LOCATION was awful. This seems a silly thing to get worked up about, but the table was crammed up against a "private" party room with windows. My chair stuck halfway out into the entrance of the party room, so when a party of 15 came, I had more ass in my face than if I'd been at a strip club. Each time someone entered or left I had to move my chair for them. . Honestly, though, I just about screamed when a man's rather large ass bumped into my face as he tried to move around people. Seriously, how can you enjoy sushi with a faceful of buttocks? . I wouldn't mind going again sometime if I'm in the area, but I'll just sit and wait thank you very much, until a better table opens.
Some of the most annoying ppl in the world are apple iphone users that take hipstamatic pictures. Lame.. . I  ordered the vegas roll, sun of the beach and no name. Also, for dessert, I murdered the green tea ice cream, mango mochi ice cream and red plum ice cream. Yeah, I ate all that in one setting because I'm a beast. 5'7 and 145 pounds of sexy.. . The food was good, service was great, but there are some bourgy people around... It is near UNLV.. . I wanted to eat PHO. Ionno, smashburger is overrated.. . Anyways, imma go workout. Yama was better than Passion of the christ but not better than Lethal Weapom 4.
I really wanted to like this place, but it just didn't wow me.  It was ok.  I would come here again if I was on the east side of town, but it certainly isn't a place I would shout about from the top of a mountain (kudos if you got the Ron Burgundy reference).. . I came here with a party of 10 at 8:00 on a Saturday night.  They were able to seat us within 10 minutes, which pleasantly surprised me.  The servers were very attentive and friendly.  Their promptness was a definite plus for me.. . Now let's talk sushi.  I got the all you can eat, which is only $23.95 and basically pays for itself if you order two rolls.  Nice price, and the AYCE includes appetizers and desserts, which was also surprising to me.  However, if you do not get the AYCE, you will be very dismayed by some of the a la carte selections and pricing.  For example, seaweed salad is $4.00, but it comes in a bowl about the size of a soy sauce holder.  Also, mochi ice cream is $3.00 for two tiny pieces!. . For nigiri sushi, I sampled red snapper, scallop, and halibut.  Red snapper is usually my most favorite because there is usually a citrusy sauce they put on it, but alas, this red snapper was bone dry...and a little too warm for my  liking.  In fact, I felt like all of the nigiri could have been a little cooler.. . For rolls, I tried the caterpillar, double salmon, deep fried mussels, and son of the beach.  I was a little disappointed with the rolls because the caterpillar and double salmon were extremely dry, and the deep fried mussels and son of the beach were way overly sauced.  There is no middle ground at Yama.  However, another plus to this place is that you can order half rolls to try and see if you will like them.. . Like I said...it was OK and I would give them a try again.
I've been here a couple of times and have enjoyed both the food and ambience.  The sushi is pretty decent, nothing "wow," but fair for a joint so close to the university.  I like the high energy of the place: it's pretty small, but Yama packs in a lot of people into that small space....like sardines, one may say.  On my last visit, my friends and I ordered the Manwhore, the spicy salmon roll (forget the name), chicken teriyaki, and a few maki rolls.  All were served fairly quickly and the rolls looked fairly fresh, not too much rice and a decent amount of fish.  . . The AYCE deal is probably a great one for those with bottomless pits for stomachs.  I'd love to do that, but alas!, I have a limited capacity in my tummy.  . . A solid place for one's sushi craving.
Staff are very nice to their patrons. But the last time I was there, my experience was not worth remembering. I got yelled by this old sushi chef.  He usually works on the right side of the sushi bar near the entrance. He scolded me for ordering too fast. I'm like "Sir, you work at an all-you-can-eat place and my fat-butt won't tolerate your tone" After that, I had to back-off a lil bit knowing that I can't continue talking trash to an old man making my dinner.. . Knowing it's only an isolated incident, this won't even stop me from going there. All I have to do next time is asked to be seated on the left-most side of the sushi bar.. . PS. . I was about to give them 2 stars but their Seafood Salad is the BOMB!
I've eaten at Yama Sushi many times, and I'm never disappointed.  There is sometimes a wait, but that's a testament to just how great people think it is. . . The food is delicious, the staff is friendly, and the prices are reasonable.  The all-you-can-eat lunch/dinner is a steal at $22.95, and that price includes ANY foods on the menu.   Especially love the Man Whore, Spicy Tuna, Dragon Roll, and Tiger Roll. . . Several flat-screen TV's so you can watch while you dine, bar area, tables, and private room for a large group.  Even when they are at  full capacity, it's never so loud that you have to shout.  I will definitely be returning. . . Happy Eating!
3.5 stars. . Yama I can say is sure dang efficient! They whip sushi out like its premade and service is attentive. We got here on a Saturday night at 5:30ish hoping to beat the dinner rush, the place was already busy!. . I can't really comment how the raw fish tasted as I cannot eat it at this time, BUT the unagi was pretty good. The husband said that he enjoyed the scallop, yellowtail, uni, etc. BTW when the menu says spicy tuna/spicy crab, etc...it's pretty dang spicy! The nigri was a bit overstuffed with rice, but other than that the hubby said it was fresh. Another thing that threw me off was the there was huge stack of salmon in the cooler that was precut...gross! Mussels were a miss, but I think overall everything else was good. . . We will probably be back eventually when I can try the fish!
Eat all you can sushi... Where can you go wrong... Try every thing... I forgotten the names of the sushi due to the yumminess .. There service hmmm, sometimes they forget what you order and have to consistently remind them of what you just ordered...
Okay, here is my problem with this place - The waitress's are pushy & the wait can be insane. . . The last 2 times I have been there, I have had issues. . . The first, it was just my boyfriend and I, we were doing the AYCE. Just like most sushi places that offer that, if you don't eat a majority on the plate, you have to pay for it. Okay, well we ordered some of our favorite rolls, like Sun of Beach and No Name. After we had a 3 rolls, we were still a bit hungry. The waitress said she suggested a particular roll. She brought it, but also brought this seafood salad. It was basically large chunks of meat in some sort of thin sauce. It was gross. I don't mind sashimi, but my boyfriend hates it. I only ate the pieces of tuna and shrimp before I couldn't stomach much more. The roll she brought us, was also so-so. So we finish the roll, and pretty much assume we are going to have to pay for this salad thing. In the meantime, she brings us ANOTHER roll. By then we told the waitress please no more, we are full, and we would not like to pay for these items. She was a bit taken back but was willing to not charge us for the other roll we did not ask for, and the seafood salad. . . Second visit, we had a group of 6. It was a Saturday, so we knew the place would be packed. They don't take reservations, regardless of how many people are in your party. We got there, they told us 45 minutes. We waited outside with a bunch of other people, an hour went by, and still not called. In the meantime, one particular table was called on but they said the rest of their group had not shown up. So they put them ahead of us, instead of the back of my line. My opinion is, if your friends are an hour late (cause that's how long they were waiting) you should have to get in the back of the line with the rest of us. But anyhow, 2 hours went by, and by then we were becoming extremely annoyed. We took a cab there, so we figured to just wait it out. After 2 hours and 20 minutes, we got a table. The food was good and my friends were super excited about it since they've never been to an AYCE sushi joint.
When I think of Sushi Buffet, it never occurs to me its a nice one.  It just brings memories of Fuji's in Davis, Sushi Pier in Reno, etc.  This is nothing new in looks, but they do put up a good reputation and offers more things with certain limits to the customers.   It's a small stretch on the take of sushi restaurants, but its good to know that this exists here.  Otherwise, I'd say its skippable, especially if you're not a sushi fan.  . . The fish here isn't the freshest, but which AYCEs are I dare ask.  They do offer scallops, big clams, mussels, uni, ikura, and other stuff where other AYCEs may not, which is a highlight, but don't expect the fresh kind for either.  Out of our uni stash, which you're only allowed to have one order per person, 2 looked so suspect it was impossible to imagine eating it.  Other than that, the pieces were tiny with maybe 2-3 slabs of uni on each nigiri piece.  . . What I liked about the place was our server which was so helpful in pacing us and also making sure we got our orders into the kitchen/bar like the Uni and several others.  We were definitely on a mission , and she was ready to assist.  . . However, with the rice rules like so many other places (Reno) its hard to enjoy when all you really want is straight sashimi.  And for $21 its not bad for lunch here.  It's a bit away from the strip, but close enough where its a $15 cab ride vs god knows how long to get to Sushi Mon.  . . But would I ever come back...Probably not.
**** 2.5 stars ****. . I feel somewhat obligated to point out right away that this place is somewhere that should be reserved primarily for locals, or more accurately those with cars here, because while you might be able to find a cabbie to bring you here getting one to take you home will likely be an ordeal, in our case about an hour wait with nothing really nearby. Yes, it is $23 for AYCE sushi for dinner, but there were multiple times throughout the meal that I found myself wondering "why am I eating this in the middle of the desert?" Freshness is definitely suspect here.... . For the price alone this place obviously garners some well deserved attention. It's amazing that you can sit here for 2 hours during dinner, ordering as much as you can possibly fit in, and walk away paying about $30 after tax and tip. There are some items with restricted limits of one per customer, such as the uni, hamachi kama, and a few of the rolls, but my experience with those items was that you should probablyskip them anyway. Stick to the rolls with the overt (re: corny) sexual references in the titles, since they're drowned in enough sauces to make the lack of fresh fish not so noticeable.. . After waiting about 45 minutes for a table (with a brief trip to Albertson's on the corner for some 40's to sip on while we passed the time) we all began with some miso soup which was actually quite nice, and seeing as how we were about halfway into the "burned out" stage of our trip it was a refreshing interlude. Tea was served on the side in mugs so searing hot that none of my dining companions were able to lift the glasses. The little lady who dropped it off must have fingers that are numb to it at this point. We all ordered just one roll each initially, just to get an idea of the portion sizes and see what items they do best. I started with the Snow In Vegas, a spicy crab, spicy tuna, and avocado roll with red snapper, eel sauce, and sweet yam sauce on top. I ordered this based on the multiple mentions here and it was my favorite item of the evening, for sure.. . The next round I was forced to play into their awkward sexual inferences and ask my waitress for a Palm Job, which unfortunately isn't as alluring as it sounds, since the spicy soft-shell crab and scallop wrapped in soy paper with a "crunch" just feels a bit grainy, and, to use their analogy, limp. The flavors were nice, but texturally it's an amateur job, certainly not high class. I went for the hamachi kama (fish collarbone) as a brief respite from the rolls, to some shock from my less adventurous onlookers. It was cooked mostly alright, but definitely a bit dry, and the dipping sauce on the side tasted almost exclusively of soy sauce. Eating really dry, flaky kama with chopsticks is quite a pain in the ass to be honest, so stay away from this item even if it's one of your favorite indulgences, as it is mine.. . Even though I was nowhere near full everyone else was pretty much ready to go at this point, not quite up to the gastrointestinal challenges I regularly put myself through. So, I foolishly wrapped up the meal with what essentially equated to most of my negative impression, an order each of giant clam and uni (sea urchin). The giant clam was essentially just thin strips of rubber and the uni looked more like children's toothpaste than anything edible from the sea. My instinct told me not to consume these items, but I of course ignored it, and luckily I didn't get sick. The taste of each was awful, along with the texture, and only amplified when a few weeks later I had exemplary versions of both as part of the omakase menu at Sushi Ota in San Diego, perhaps the freshest I've ever eaten.. . After wrapping up the meal we asked the hostess to call us a taxi van while we knocked out our dessert items. Nearly 45 minutes of waiting outside later I decided to just phone another cab company myself and they showed up within the next 15 minutes or so. I'm not really knocking Yama for being located where they are, since we are the ones who chose to go there, but you should be aware of the difficulty you'll have getting back if you don't have your own reliable mode of transportation.
I have been going to Yama Sushi almost every month since 2007, but less often now in the last couple years due to it being busy most of the time and I 'd rather not wait a long time to just eat!. . My last visit was a couple weeks ago and I was saddened by the excess amount of rice they put in their sushi.  I felt like I was struggling to finish each nigiri because there was so much rice in them.  Their fish to rice ratio was perfect to me before (the way sushi is suppose to be made) anytime I went.  After my last visit here, I decided that I'm not going to go back to my ex-favorite sushi place for awhile unless someone drags me here.
We ordered 2 AYCE on a friday night for $55.. . - Wait time was long for 2 people. We ended up shopping at CVS to pass the 30min wait.. - Service was fast at the sushi bar. Bon hooked it up! always delivered the sushi right away!. - Asian waitress had stick up her ass. Even if you leave a tiny bit of rice, they will threaten to charge you. . - Hamachi kama, soft shelf crab, and fried mussels were all too oily. I had to drink way too much water O__O. - Rolls were decent. Not as good as goyemon. . - Mochi ice cream ALL OUT tonight!? boooo. - ice cream better than sushi mon. plum ice cream and small bits of it :). -  Salmon skin roll has avocado?! pretty good :)! kinda oily :/
My best friend and I were hungry, and before going back to LA we wanted something yummy. This restaurant isn't bad, but I have had some better sushi before. They had quite a few different types of rolls but a lot of it had cream cheese, or fried something which was a bit too heavy for me. One thing that I would not suggest ordering would be the UNI, it wasn't that fresh... Other than that, the food was good, the service was good. :] ENJOY!
Place was okay but I've been spoiled by other places.. Just beware -- some of the rice is flavored with what I could swear is apple cider vinegar instead of rice vinegar.. What the...?. The waitress took it back, though, and tried to make things right.
I'm a frequent AYCE'r at Sumo Sushi II, but I had a friend in town from Reno who wanted some sushi. Since he was staying on the strip I didn't feel like taking him to the SW part of town so I yelped for something closer to the strip.. . We got there around 7pm on a Monday and it was packed which is always a good sign. Since we didn't mind sitting at the bar, we got seated right away. I prefer this because you can always have the attention of the sushi chef and get served right away.. . The food was delicious and there was plenty of options. I ate all the yellowtail until my belly was content. The staff was very attentive taking the dirty dishes away.. . However, my -2 star review has to do with the sushi chef we had. He was the only Hispanic chef there and at the beginning he was very nice and accommodating. Towards the end he completely changed, he must have got irritated with us because my friend and I H-A-T-E spicy food. We ordered the seafood salad and the options on the menu were (none, mild, spicy) we told him we didn't want it spicy, so do what you do. He rolled his eyes at us like it was an unusual request. Then he gave me a sample fish (I had no idea what he was doing) and then put sauce in a bowl and handed it over. However, he didn't let go....we were trying to pull the bowl down and he didn't let go... It was like a struggle!!! So I ended up bringing up my fish to the bowl and took a sample of the sauce. Did he think we were going to run off with his sample sauce??? After that shit, it was just awkward. My friend was like, "wtf???" Pretty sure I'm not going to wrestle with the sushi chef for a sauce sample. There was also a language barrier, I had no idea what he was saying.. . I would go visit again, but I would definitely avoid the Hispanic sushi chef.
Best sushi I ever had. Then again I'm from the Midwest so probably not the best judge. Al you can eat sushi was about $25. Well worth it, just make sure to try and eat every thing as its made as you order. I heard they may charge you more if you just waste food. I started doing half orders now that I go solo when I get the craving. But I recommend starting with the seafood Salad. Mmmmmhhhm. I went from a hater to a lover of sushi becauseof Yama. I wish I could give this a 5 star but honestly, I've only had like 10 different sushi places and never on the coast. Plus after watching "Jiro Dreams of Sushi" an awesome documentary on Netflix, I now believe there is a better sushi out there that will blow my mind... Not in the desert though.  This film gave  me a better understanding and deeper appreciation for sushi. Japan is in the bucket list to enjoy the best Sushi in the planet!  Till then Yama is the best in the South West and only one for me in Vegas.
Went in at 2pm on a Friday afternoon and the place was packed. We got the last 2 seats available!! The sushi was alright, I didn't t care for the rice, it was on the hard side. I highly, HIGHLY recommend the seafood salad!! Cuts of fresh fish on rice noodles, yum!! Our first sushi chef was very rude & unfriendly but the guy who took over for him was very friendly. Word of advice, if it says "spicy" THEY MEAN IT!!!!! Overall, eh. Very cramped & crowded. I would go back again specifically for seafood salad and another perk, their entire menu is included in AYCE which is $20.95 until 3 and then $23.95 afterwards. I wouldn't wait to eat here but if I was in the area again may pop in.
I recently came here with my girls and had a sushi roll fest. All of the rolls ordered were very delicious and not overly "ricey". I ordered some of the nigiri and they were fresh as well but the item on the menu that brought it home was the yellowtail collar. It was delicious! Would come here again for some girls night out before hitting the clubs.
th eonly thing i love here is the harry potter roll!
I've had both A-OK experiences at Yama and sub-par experiences at Yama. It really depends on the day and time that you go.. . For me, there is one chef who seems to remember my friend and I, so we get a good meal whenever he is working. Bar sitting is a must here, you get much better service and it's not as cramped as the tables.. . The fish is standard for AYCE. I usually just stick with nigiri, one of everything! I have been partial to the masago/quail egg combo as well.. . For the price and location, Yama Sushi is alright. Don't go here during busy times though, the wait can be long and they want to rush you outta there.
I know it's an ayce sushi joint and not to expect amazing sushi but I thought the fish wasn't as good as the other ayce places in Vegas. It was packed when I went and the tables are a little too close to each other. I felt we were eating with the party next to us. They were nice and friendly and we ended up talking to them anyway but usually, I like my space at restaurants.. . Despite their so-so sushi, their hot foods were pretty good especially their deep fried mussels and hamachi kama. I would come back for that. . . Service wavered between good and ok. We were greeted and seated right away but at times, I was wondering where the server was to put in our extra orders.. . I think I'll just stick to the ayce sushi joints in my hood, SW Vegas.
Each time my wife suggests that we come here, I am conflicted due to previous experiences. Let me start by saying that this is one of the best sushi restaurants in Vegas in terms of the food quality and taste. The problem is that their service is one of the worst in town. Today's visit is unlike other recent ones: good food and horrible service. The waiting staff and the management seem to rest on the laurels of the restaurant's food. It's annoying; but our reasons for coming here are likely no different than those patrons standing in line for the Soup Nazi.
OK, I feel a bit dumb and outdated... Came here at lunch time hoping to eat a small sushi plate not realizing that it was and all you can eat place. It's only now that I write this review that I realize that AYCE written in other reviews mean just that! I guess that I was born way sms and I never did catch-up to this common use of acronyms.. . In any case, there is "a la carte" menu here but the price of just a few individual items brings the bill up to more than the price of the "AYCE" which was around $21 for lunch and around $25 for dinner. However, this is good sushi and the set price actually include nigiri with the limitation that you can have only one order of the more expensive ones. The orders are two pieces but the pieces are generous and there is enough variety to only eat nigiri is that's what you prefer (I tend to prefer nigiri has the ratio fish/rice is much higher and it's tastier according to my own taste). Not the highest quality sushi I ever had but quite nice and a good deal if you are hungry (I wasn't that much and ended eating too much).
I thought it was average, mainly because of the price.  ayce sushi is hard to give a bad review unless the quality is just horrible.  I hated the fact that they only allow one order per person on certain items, like the Uni.  also, like other ayce sushi places they require you to eat the rice that comes with your piece you order, so there is no sashimi, and you cant just eat the meat and ask for more orders.  But for value I don't think you can beat it.
This used to be my favorite sushi spot, but it's a little out of the way so I haven't been here in a while. Today was the first time I've come here in months. Sushi was delicious as always, but the only reason I'm rating Yama at three stars was for the poor customer service. What really ticked me off was that we were sat first, but the people that sat after us got to order before us. Also, the corner we sat in was super freezing. We couldn't even enjoy our food anymore. My boyfriend and I might not be coming here for a while.
Our waiter was AWKWARD... SUPER AWKWARD.  Sometimes he would show up at our table and stand there until we looked at him and said something.  He also brought out a couple dishes we didn't order and said "it's on the house" which probably translated to "here, eat more."  They purposely make the rolls big so you get full faster.... However, our party of four totally defeated their so-called "trick."  We were already hungry coming from the airport and ordered appetizers, rolls and literally the entire menu.  Their seafood dynamite is nothing to praise about.  A bunch of shelled clams and some scallops in their version of dynamite sauce tossed in the oven for acouple minutes.  On the flip side, their rolls are really good.  Can't go wrong with any of them actually.  I just wish they served nigiri and sashimi as part of their "All You Can Eat" buffet.  Other than the service, I would definitely recommend this place.  Not exactly located in the best part of town but if you get there early enough, you can miss the circus running around outside.
I thought the sushi was ok. Some of my fish was a little less buttery and tender like I would have preferred. The rolls were ok but the tempura they leave under a heat lamp so it doesn't taste as fresh as it could be. . . I don't know if I would choose this sushi place over the several options around. But for a cheap and convenient all you can eat place it's a decent choice.
The prices are reasonable and i love that they do half rolls! All the rolls I've had are delicious which is why I keep going back. . . Only downside is that this place is hella small. There are so many people that go that if you go on a busy day the wait could be up to an hour and unfortunately, I'm not willing to wait that long haha My recommendation is always just try to go early lol
Solid sushi place for AYCE in Vegas - the staff works really hard to get you seated as soon as possible and the waiters get the food to you so fast. It's very small in there so you might be all squished together but I prefer that to waiting a long time just to get a table. The waiters have a good sense of humor and egg you on to order more. . . The rolls/sushi are creative and they also have the standard ones if that's what you want. We tried a handful of the salads/appetizers and rolls - hilarious names like one minute man, happy endings, baby hit me one more time - all good. Mochi ice cream for dessert is always good.
Had to knock it down to three stars, because I sat at the bar and had the same problem that other yelpers have had with items missing from my order.  Every time!  Serioiusly not a single order correct.  I almost told the chef, "Write it down big man, write it down!"
like any other all you can eat sushi roll joint. nice people working there though. but have since found goyemon which is way more awesome.
Came here with a VERY large group, which the staff quickly accommodated.... and didn't mind when we continue to pull tables over for friends who kept trickling in. At AYCE sushi at less than $25, it's a freaking steal. And AYCE means ALLLLL YCE....... the entire menu, no time limit, no charges for leftover food (but they won't bring new food unless you finish it).. . My advice:. - Order half rolls so you can try more. - Share everything!. - Seafood salad.... all sashimi with no rice. Best bang for your buck!. - Wear loose-fitting clothes, because you are about to get down on some serious fatassery. - Don't come here if you plan to wear a ho dress to a club immediately afterward.. . I wish I could remember all I tried, but we tried just about everything, including ice cream. They also serve sake and beer, which my side of the table indulged in (and quickly because those loud, boisterous people, which no one seemed to mind). . . I wish I could give them more stars..... but the service wasn't the friendliest. A friend of mine who doesn't eat seafood was completely ignored, and his dish wasn't brought out until we were almost done. We also noticed that we were charged for 4 bottles of sake, when we only ordered 3. We told our waitress, and a few minutes later, 4 waitresses filed out together, stood in a line to confront us, and angrily insisted that we ordered 4. It was pretty unecessary and in poor taste. We eventually resolved it and paid for the 3. That left a bad taste in my mouth, but the sushi and the copious amounts of booze left an amazing taste. 3 stars.
I've been here twice. The first time, we sat at the bar and had a great time. It might have just been the novelty of the place (and the fact that it had been a while since I had sushi), but my girlfriend and I had a blast, even though the service was slow.. . The second time (most recent trip to Vegas), we sat at the regular tables. Water/food/any service was VERY slow. It took a while for us to order anything because of the slow service. Also, we had a hard time picking what kind of rolls we wanted because the novelty had worn off this time around. Great names for the rolls, but that's pretty much it.. . We've decided that there's no need to come back to this place. Lines are long, service is slow, and the food is just mediocre. There are so many restaurants to try on and off the Strip that I don't see a need to re-visit a mediocre spot.
DO NOT ORDER THE SWEET SHRIMP. The seafood salad is banging though. I always use the left over sauce for dipping.
I love the rolls at this venue. The no name roll is definitely my favorite. The only reason this place isn't a 5 star is because of it's small space and I think  the customer service could be a little better.
As an ayce this place has pros and cons! We went during lunch during the week, sat at the bar and it was very fast and good service. The problem with sitting by the bar is you can see the tempura just sitting under a lamp not fresh and they pack you in on those stools, not a lot of freedom. . The rolls were good but not as much selection as I had hoped. The ayce does come with appetizers and nigiri. We got garlic tuna which was good and light. The cucumber salad was kind of bland. The seafood salad was great with radish noodlesand I got to choose my fish- I did tuna and salmon. The chunks of tuna were great but we think the salmon is farm raised therefore more fatty as I could barely eat it. The good part was is you could choose your spice level so the spicy was perfect. The oh dam!! Harry!!! ( I think that's the name) roll was good and spicy, nice and not too heavy. . Overall a good experience and I would go back but my search for an ayce place I just crave continues... Found a sushi place but not ayce... So more sushi for me it is!
I'm from Cali.. but my family are regulars here, and was raving about how good this place is.  My first impression, this spot is super squished..especially for a large party and small children. There was very little table space.. not to mention walking space. Was not comfortable at all.  But if you don't mind bumping shoulders with strangers while eating your sushi, then to each his/her own.  Oh ya, the sushi was OK.
3.5 star.. . After hearing from some people that liked Yama better than Goyemon, I just had to taste it for myself.  When we arrived on a Thursday evening, the restaurant was packed.  We initially sat at the bar since we didn't have time to wait for a table.  But as soon as a table opened up, she asked if we still want a table and we quickly said yes.. . Pros:  The Super white tuna, big clam, salmon, and hamachi kama were awesome.  AYCE is a bit cheaper than Goyemon . Cons: Scallop wasn't fresh, mackerel wasn't as good, and 2 order limit on the mochi icecream.. . Verdict:  Yama is decent, but Goyemon is still the reigning champ in my book.
My friends give this place so much hype. It's either yes or no for sushi and this place is a no for me. The salmon we ordered was warm and mushy, the restaurant is butt naked cold, and the "man whore" roll I ordered was tasty, but not worth going back for.
I went with my friend because he was in town from L.A. (former resident), and he raved about Yama Sushi.. It was my first experience here, but I have to say it was "ok". .   The restaurant itself was alright. It seemed clean, and for 1pm on a tuesday, it was pretty busy. The AYCE is standard reasonable price. The 4 rolls we started our order with came at LIGHTNING speed, but the taste was....meh.. To me, it tasted less fresh and more refrigerated. .   It seems a lot of the reviews swear by it, but maybe it was my mood that day, but it just seemed very "meh" to me..   The service, however, is very attentive. :) . I gave it three instead of 4 only because I probably wouldn't go back on my own (but I would go if goaded.)
This is my go to sushi spot when at work or near UNLV. They have an awesome assortment of rolls and sauces are very good. My favorite things to order are the seafood salad at mild spiciness, wet dream roll, one minute man stuffed shrimp and Harry potter roll. Everything has great flavor and the fish if fresh.. . Only downside is the servers and if you are with someone who is not doing all you can eat the staff glares at you to make sure you are not sharing. Come on don't make me feel like I am a child... We won't share!!!!
Have been eating at Yama for several years. Their service is great but aside from the seafood salad, nothing stands out. The fish to rice is uneven and not in the manner that is for the guest.
I never wanted to go back here but seeing as my girlfriend wanted to try it, I gave in. I must admit the food was much better this time, but my menu was covered in grease and every time I wanted more water I had to ask. And then she brings me my bill before asking if i'd like anything else. The food was so much better that I was going to improve my rating by two stars and give them four stars but due to the poor service they only get three. Hopefully they will keep improving because I live right across the street...
