Kida disappointed wth the FIVE star hotel. I just recently stayed at Trump on 12/26~28/2010.. The place is clean. However, I lived on the 23rd floor,  I couldn't fall asleep because of the loud train horn and the police siren all night. The view of my roon is strip clubs and train track. The more ridiculous part is that there's a $19.95 extra charge per day for Ressort fee????;P Wha a hidden charge!
My stay at Trump was aight. That's not even a word, but it's fitting because Trump isn't even really a Las Vegas hotel.. . Granted, that's kind of what I wanted. I don't gamble (gasp!) so Trump appealed to me as a place where I could get away from the madness. . . The lobby is beautiful and I had a high floor room with a nice view of the mountains. Whatever, I paid $75 for the room so I wasn't expecting the Strip view. One weird thing was that I shared a foyer with another room: you accessed the door to the foyer with your key, then you accessed one of the two room doors again. I shared the foyer with a group of dudes getting their party on but luckily there wasn't too much noise. I didn't exactly feel unsafe but it was just an odd configuration.. . Parts of the room, like the mattress that was 8 inches too short for the bed, were totally half-assed. Yeah, I work in the industry so I probably notice cheap carpet or unfinished elements before other people but only the most cracked out of guests (or the person who signed off on the furniture order) would miss the Grand Canyon at the end of the bed.. . The empty lot next to the hotel is sketchy at times... As we were walking the 5 minutes from the Strip to the hotel at 10PM one night I remarked to my companion that this was the perfect place to get mugged. I was fine in the daytime but take a cab after dark.. . The night of my arrival I was starved after not eating for 12 hours so I ordered a $20 burger from room service. It was terrible and I would have been better off eating that squished granola bar in my carry-on bag.. . All staff was friendly - no attitudes here.. . Super fast WiFi - probably the fastest I've ever experienced in a hotel - but it better be fast since that was basically the only amenity that I used that was covered by the $20/night resort fee.. . All in all a decent stay as long as you know what you're getting into.
Housekeeping department needs attention. I did not get my coffee today!
We recently returned from a 4 day trip to Vegas for a combo business trip (for a trade show) and a bit of recreation exploring Red Rocks outside of the city. We initially choose Trump from the great rate we got through our show's travel agency. . . There were many things we LOVED about the Trump. #1, it's a non-casino hotel which was very welcome after a long day of being inside the other hotels for the trade shows. No cigarette smoke or continual beeping of the slot machines. The smaller footprint of the property is another big perk. You can actually get from your room to the bar, pool, fitness facility or entrance in a few short minutes compared with over 15 minutes in other hotels. . . We also had great interactions with all employees of the hotel, from the front desk staff, the concierge, the valets, the server in the bar area and the assistant manager. They were are genuinely friendly and interested in what we needed assistance with.. . What was not so great about the Trump was the mysteriously horrible housekeeping of our room. And I can't imagine it was just our room that was having virtually no housekeeping done during our stay. We were just one room of many within the hotel, our guess is that the housekeeping staff were either short staffed or lacked supervision to basic duties in each room. . . When we checked in we had 3 obvious lightbulbs burned out - and one seemed to have exploded with broken glass from the bulb on the counter underneath it and an electrical filament buzzing: 1 of only 2 lamps on the mirror in the bathroom. Hard to overlook. We also had only 2 hangers and our TV remotes didn't worked. When we went to hang the robe on the back of the door the hook fell off onto the floor. Ha! All not biggies, but combined it did require a call to housekeeping to get more hangers, new remote and lightbulbs replaced. . . Then on day #2 we returned to the room to discover that our room was only half cleaned. One of the three garbage cans were emptied, Our dirty dished in the kitchen were taken away, but not replaced and nothing was done in the bathroom at all - dirty glasses were still on sink, towels on floor, garbage can full. Again - we called housekeeping to get some glasses to use for the evening & morning.. . Day #3 brought absolutely no housekeeping at all. We returned to the room at 3pm and the room hadn't been cleaned. . We were trying to grab a quick catnap, but if housekeeping was coming by, we thought we'd wait. We called housekeeping, they apologized and said they'd be right up immediately. We took a book to the pool and 2 hours later returned to the room. Still no housekeeping. We needed towels, glasses, etc. Went down to the concierge, who called the manager on duty. He profusely apologized and gave us a bar credit. We only had a single night remaining, so that was the end of that. But all in all, for a hotel like the Trump to not be able to make up a room with basic necessities just seemed strange.. . Without this experience we would have given this hotel 5 stars as the staff we interacted with were excellent and we liked the layout of the hotel. We've frequently stayed at much lesser level hotels, and housekeeping always seems to be able to empty garbage cans, replace towels and bring in new water glasses. This was the Trump. Very wierd, we did laugh as in the scheme of things it wasn't a biggie but unsure if we would return.
So difficult and kind of unfair to have to review every aspect of this hotel in one shot.. . Service : 3 stars. Valet: 5 stars. Overall: don't stay here if you want to experience Vegas as a twenty-something. . . I have stayed at a lot of hotels on the strip and figured that the Trump would still be pretty convenient...I was kind of wrong. just a little bit. The hotel itself is beautiful--the lobby is clean and doesn't stink of smoke. I even had a glass of wine at the bar down there---but they stop serving at midnight?!?!?! WHO does that in vegas...it's bizarre. . . The rooms were clean and had good views, but my friend and I had adjoining rooms and would loved to have had doorstops to keep our doors open so we could talk to eachother. What's also weird was that compared to the Aria, where our friends were staying, we had like NO toiletries. Come on..... . At one point, my tv wouldn't work and at a different point, hers didn't. All in all, it's a good thing we barely spent any time in the actual room. . . I will say though one great impression I had about the hotel was that the valet guys were amazing and so helpful. They offered to drive us places, and made sure that we always had a ride. The shuttle to the Wynn and Caesars was always available and pretty convenient. . . Sure, I might suggest my parents who don't drink or gamble come stay at the Trump, but i know my girls and I will not be heading back here on our bi-annual Vegas trips.
Stayed here recently or a Bachelor weekend. Nice hotel in general with all the standard amenities: Cafe downstairs, cab service, gift shops, gym, spa and pool, plus free shuttles to the Wynn and other locations nearby! Room service was prompt, valets could have used a little more work, but the front desk was very nice.. . Clean and hospitable place, big plus for having Sub Zero fridges! Our view was directly over the strip so it was a highlight at night!. . The price was not too bad once you consider a single room is enough to fit 4 people. The gym was decent, mostly cardio/elliptical  stuff (bring you iPod b/c they have direct link-ups for them), weighted machines, light free weights (nothing heavy than 50 lbs). Plus for having ice chilled towels and ice water on tap w/ lime or lemons. Two hot tubs and plenty of basking area, only bad side was the weather didn't permit much during the visit.. . One major thing was a downside is that reception for anyone with AT&T is outta luck when in the hotel. The entire building is gold mirrored on the outside so you literally wont get any signal unless your outside or right next to the window if your lucky (Trust me I had to do me some searching).
If you can ignore the fact that a miniscule percentage of your hard earned cash will be going to the world's worst carnival barker this is a decent place to stay. . Slightly off strip, no storm und drang of a casino in the lobby, and if there are a few of you they will give you a decent rate and possibly an upgrade.. . I was al ittle miffed that there were no towels in my room when i checked in and some other guys underpants were still lying in the bathroom floor.
Rooms are large, clean and quiet. The pool area is the least attractive area of the hotel and the music they play precludes a restful experience. Awful. Breakfast in the lobby was great with wonderful service. Dinner in the on-site restaurant was below average with snooty staff. Front desk was more than helpful, very courteous.
My first time staying at the Trump Hotel and I really wanted to enjoy every moment of it but alas, there were setbacks.. . The Good:. The hotel is immaculate.  The room we had was gorgeous (layout is very similar to The Signature Suites at MGM.  It was a corner 1bdr suite on the 58th floor with a spectacular south facing view of the strip. There's an iPod docking station with an add'tl USB slot... perfect for charging multiple devices.  The hotel amenities were clean, peaceful, and easy to navigate to.  Beautiful pool, that thankfully wasn't over-crowded especially since it was J4th weekend.  A nice sized fitness center... there were plenty of treadmills and equipment... I never found myself waiting to use anything.  The spa was had a steam room and sauna that I was able to enjoy after booking a massage. . . There's a $20 resort fee added on to your bill but in my opinion is well worth it for what you get... 2 complementary bottled waters w/every housekeeping visit... or you can call and request more water.  Complimentary drop off & pick up shuttle service to/from the Wynn or Caesar's Palace.  Access to Pool, Spa, & Fitness Center.  FREE WI-FI.. . Shuttle service came in handy and saved on cab fare (which means more gambling money!).  However, the shuttle to Caesar's ends at 11pm, so if you plan on staying out late, save a couple bucks for cab fare.. . . The Bad:. Our beautiful corner suite developed a horrible odor coming from the master bathroom... smelled like mildew.  We called front desk nearly every day to send someone up to take a look.  Turns out there was a leak in the laundry room which is locked off and only available for the owner(s) of the suite.  Maint. came to fix the leak and had to come again to run a wash cycle to get rid of the stale water left in the washer.  However, the smell never left the bathroom.  To prevent it from stinking up the suite, we kept the bathroom door closed and used the second bathroom in the living room to shower and get ready.  It was terrible that we couldn't make use of that huge master bathroom and spa tub.  Unfortunately, no one offered to have switch rooms until the night before we were checking out.  . . Secondly, there's a train that passes by on the West side of the hotel near the 15 fwy that you can hear very clearly even from the 58th floor!!  We were in early one night and awoke at 3:30 am to a train passing by blowing his horn!  Rude awakening.. . . Other things I thought that might be good to know.... . Pillows are way too soft for me,  your head literally sinks to through... but the bed was comfy.  There is NO CASINO in this hotel... this may be good or bad depending on what you're in LV for.  For the most part, not having a casino downstairs was great for our trip... it was less crowded (especially on J4th weekend) and peaceful.  There was one night I did regret it when I awoke at 4am (thanks train!) and could not get back to sleep.... then would have been a great time to have a casino conveniently located downstairs.  Nonetheless, figure out what you want out of your hotel during your trip before you book a non-casino resort.  Also, not sure if it was just our room, but the volume on the TVs were super super low.  I had to max out the volume just to hear anything.  Kitchenette and full Kitchens have a microwave & stove with dishware & utensils.... so if you wanna save some $$ on grub... walk across the street to the ABC Store inside Fashionshow Mall and buy some pre-made sandwiches, salads, etc... they even sell alcohol and you can store that in the fridge in the room!. . Overall, I had a decent experience at Trump.  I'd be willing to give them a second chance to make my experience more happily memorable.
When I was in Vegas, we used the Trump's pool because TI's wasn't open yet. It's actually pretty cool how the gold panels heat it up. . . So let's say I give the pool 3 stars.
stayed in their suite. it's ok. come with kitchen but who's going to cook when you are in Vegas? . . (good )the bathroom in the master bedroom is huge. very pretty.  nice vanity . . (bad )there's a dirty spot, seem like gum inside the shower floor. a bit gross. house keeper is definitely not doing a good job.. . (good) view is very pretty, I can see almost the whole strip.. . (bad) no gambling in the hotel. . (bad) had to wait for 20 minutes for them to get the room ready.
Now that I am getting older, I tend to do "Vegas" a bit differently. I like staying at the non-gaming, non-smoking hotels because I feel more relaxed after the trip and I don't go home reeking of smoke or coughing. That said, that was one of the reason's I enjoyed the Trump hotel. . . The lobby is beautiful, the rooms were nice & spacious and it was right across the street from Fashion Show Mall. We could walk to the Wynn and Treasure Island, no problem and the hotel offered a shuttle to Ceasar's. . . Now, time for the not so nice: . They have a small restaurant and bar in the lobby, but  lacking a small coffee shop. A girl needs her latte in the mornings! I stayed at the Vdara which is similar in concept and they had a little snack/coffee shop in the lobby which was the perfect place to grab a coffee or quick bite. . . We had an odd relationship with housekeeping & room service. We called down for cups numerous times. We NEVER got them, however someone brought up two robes up to us TWICE and we never asked for them. I don't know how you confuse cups with robes??? . . Secondly, we asked housekeeping to clean our room before we left for the night. They came and made up the bed, left the sofa bed unmade and the bathroom uncleaned. We were very confused. Then, they left us a voicemail saying they were sorry they couldn't clean our room. My friends and I were slightly confused....... I am still confused. . . We booked on hotwiire, and didn't know the name of our hotel until we paid for it. Overall, we had a good time.. I wouldn't mind staying there again, as long as they put in a coffee shop. :)
Well decorated modern and spacious rooms with kitchenettes and views of the strip. We booked this place through our favorite name-your-own-price website for $80 which made our stay sweeter. The pool was great for my kids. The hotel is right across the street from the Fashion Show Mall. Overall the hotel was nice, but not at rack rate. I'd much rather stay elsewhere.
I may be a little unfair about the 3-star but let me explain.  The rooms are gorgeous and big and new.  We were on the 36th floor with a fantastic view.  The lobby is beautiful and there is a shuttle to the Wynn and Caesar's Palace every 15 minutes, which is helpful because the hotel itself is tucked away behind Fashion Square Mall.  It was a $15 cab ride to the Bellagio, which was a shame because that's where we spent the majority of our time.  Another negative is that there is a train thing that goes through the hotel somewhere .... not very descriptive but I could hear a train whistle all night - LOUDLY.  If you're going with kids, this is a good option because there is no casino at the hotel ..... good in some ways, bad in the other.  It would be great if we had closer options to a casino but if you're with a group and some want to go home and some want to continue gambling, you're out alone or you're stuck going back with your group.  There is also a $20/day resort fee, which is extremely unncessary considering there is no casino and, except for the pool, nothing free that would warrant that required fee.  The 3-star from me comes from being far from the good parts of the strip, no casino, the loud train whistle and the required resort fee.  If you're not looking to be within walking distance to the busy parts of the Strip or you're not looking to gamble, you may feel this is the place for you.
I have to take away one star off the top because we were heading out for a St. Patty's party weekend and booked the room off Priceline which listed this as a 5 star ON the strip.  I will admit, my bottom lip quivered and tears surfaced when I found out we were staying at a place that was sans casino and off the strip.  Some of the other reviews noted it was walking distance to the strip, but 1) It's not walking distance when it's Vegas Cold or Vegas Hot 2) It's not walking distance for a girl that likes to wear big heels 3) It's not walking distance for someone that doesn't have a Karate Black Belt or their bodyguard with them.  They do have a free shuttle to the Wynn or Caesar's Forum which we used once on our way out, but the final pick up times are far before we are done for the night.  Cab rides to Rio or Paris area were under $10 before tip.. . On to the good points:. I agree with all the good comments listed on the reviews here.  Great service, beautiful and smells good in the lobby. We never waited long for the elevators because they split them up so you will go to one elevator entrance if you're on the top third, another if you're on the middle third, etc..  Very nice front desk and valet peeps.  She offered a discount on an upgraded suite and my friend said he only takes free upgrades.  I'm not sure if he charmed her or they were short on rooms, but we got the free upgrade to the one bedroom suite and it was SWEET!  Full kitchen, huge living room, huge room, ginormous bathroom.  If my hubby was with me it would've been better, but I let my friend take the bedroom since he put the reservation on his CC hoping we could swap the next night, but he's not as nice as me, so warning to you shmucks like me, the sofa bed is not heavenly and if you share with someone, they should pay more if they take the bed. Luckily, I drink heavily in Vegas, so I got over it as soon as my head hit the nice pillow. We called housekeeping at 5am to ask where the sheets were, and they came down and actually made the bed for me. Bring your drinks and snacks if you stay here because they they do not have vending machines to stagger to in the early morning hours if you are waking up craving some carbonation.  They do have a small shop with a moshposh of stuff from $300 shoes to $5 can of Pringles, but again, it closes long before I'm heading back to the room. . . The stuff that was "eh":. 1- No casino.  Did I mention that already?. 2- Resort fee $22 per night.  This was lame because it wasn't pool season (in fact they closed it early due to wind and storms) and I didn't need the business center or use the workout room.  So if you calculate your bang for your buck, factor this in.. 3-The "city view" was the other side of Vegas, as in the scary side, including a nice shot of The Erotic Heritage Museum, an abandoned hotel development, an old cheezy not-so-gentlemen's club and a not far but not walking distance to the side entrance to Circus Circus.. 4- The 2nd night our key got deactivated and we had to go back down and to get it reactivated.. . I would only stay here again for comfort and pampering or if I was on a business trip.  It would be a good place if I brought my teenage kids and my dogs. Yes, they're dog friendly! The place and the rooms are very nice.  Yes, you can hear the train every once in a while, which is bizarre, but I found it amusing. Those that love coming back to no ding ding ding and no bright lights and no lingering smoke, I get it, but when I come to Vegas, I'm all for all the BS that comes with it.
Having read the solid reviews, I was looking forward to staying at the Trump for a girls weekend Vegas trip.. . Here is the good and bad:. . Good . . - Lobby was swanky, quiet and smelled like delicious flowers! (not disgusting smoke like 99% of the other hotels). - We were given water bottles while standing in line to check-in (even though there were only 2-3 people ahead of us). - The DOUBLE SHOWERS and ginormous bathroom for the one bedroom suite. - Fully stocked kitchen that we sadly did not get to take advantage of. - Great service throughout the hotel. - BEST ROBES ever! So velvety and soft :). . Bad . . - Cheap/thin glass windows. All of us could hear the damned freight train every single morning at 8 AM. We could also hear the sirens from an ambulance and music starting at 8 AM as well. UGH! Thank goodness I brought my ear plugs because I've read many reviews about the noise level. . - Frayed carpet and dirty smudges in the front entrance area. For a 5-star hotel, I would expect better up-keeping than that.. - SEE THRU bathroom doors. Seriously? Do I need to see my friends take a pee?!. - Not so comfy beds. The sheets and pillows were nice but the bed was pretty firm/hard. I was expecting a more luxurious bed. .  . All in all, the Trump is a decent stay to stay if you don't mind hearing train sirens at 8 AM and being off the strip. I was hoping to give it a higher rating but unfortunately I didn't find the hotel that exceptional. For my next trip, I plan on staying on the strip so things are more accessible and I'm far away from the damned train.
Rooms are very nice, but the reason I gave this 3 vs. 4 stars was the inconvenience of being off the strip (10-12 min walk), not having a casino, and very limited food options in the lobby.  The room rate is crazy good when compared to other hotels on the strip, so, if you're willing to deal with a less than 100 percent Vegas experience, it's worth a shot.
Non smoking hotel, the main reason we decided to stay there. A bit of drama staying there, we will get to that later..... . One bedroom corner suite, private foyer entrance, living room is fairly spacious, with full kitchen, dining table, full guest bathroom with shower, comfy sofa, couch seating, in room safe, floor to ceiling windows. It just there is NO refreshments and snacks in the fridge, just 2 bottle waters??? Why? We drove in late and I was thirsty, I needed some drinks, room service was our only choice, at least the food and drinks were delicious. Service was good too cause they already charge service fee in the bill. $25 resort fee each day was not worth it, we tipped housekeeping nicely to get more bottle waters and lotions. . . Bedroom is good, comfy bed, floor to ceiling windows with beautiful views, the bathroom is huge, with oversized jet jacuzzi and nice shower. It's supposed to be a great experience with a bathroom like that, they have TV in there too. . . BUT.... Beware of the glass door in the restroom! The bottom of the glass is really sharp, hurt my food pretty bad! I cut two of my toes, and I was bleeding so bad! . . Had to call security to take a look at it, they were pretty nice though, asked if I wanted to go to the emergency room, brought me band aids, first male security called in a female one to help me take care of my wound, filed a report, gave us a number to call if it gets infected later. And they put me on a wheelchair to get me out of hotel to my car, we were about to check out when I hurt my foot, they told us not to worry about check out time, just rest long and comfortable enough to leave. . . What an accident! I was in so much pain, but everybody was very nice and helpful, got me calm enough to leave the hotel. . . I loved the service and staffs of this hotel, the suite is OK, not much of my style, and the restroom door is extremely dangerous! I am so surprised nobody has ever hurt their feet from it??? . . Not going back to stay for a vey very long time. :(
Loved the rooms, loved the smell when you walk in, loved the classy vibe but HATED the car service. If you are going to run an establishment of esteem and class with the branding of TRUMP which is opulence, you should not have valet that ignore you as you pull up, wait forever to get you situated or take forever to get your car. This was not a one time fluke folks. This was EVERYTIME i brought my car in or went to pick it up. I was miserable waiting on these guys! WTF. Its a clusterfuck and honestly, someone needs to tighten up ship here, create landed that are visible and not creating a bottleneck of chaos. Thats my only downside to this place and lets face it, what you see when you first arrive should not be chaos in such a nice place so first impressions were meh.
So here's the deal, I won this hotel bidding on priceline for Memorial Day weekend. it was cheaper than a lot of the hotels in its category and I did decide to go last minute but it definitely does not compare to the other 5 star hotels that its categorized with. . . Its new and the accommodations are nice but its not happening at all. In fact, if someone kidnapped you and took you to a room there or even the lobby you would have no idea that you're in Vegas, no casino, no noise, no people, no bling, nothing. Even the average age of the guests here is older. I do not recommend this hotel because I don't think it encompasses Vegas unless you are here for business and you need a nice hotel to stay at that's quiet. . . Additionally, I would like to mention that this wasn't a huge deal because the actual price of this hotel was only 15% more than what I bid. Again all the other hotels rated 5 star were $300 + but I don't know if this is really 5 star. . . Also, its not on the strip, yes its a short walk to the strip but its not on it. so no matter where you are your view is slightly retarded. The pool was dead. . . On the plus side the rooms are huge and the bathroom is a good size. All of the other hotel rooms are smaller. . . In conclusion my fiance told me that I am never allowed to bid on Priceline again. :(
Luxurious atmosphere, however breakfast choices are limited and service not great.   Would benefit from having daily menu specials...
I like this hotel but I don't love it as my stay was nice but I don't think I'd stay here again. Not that there's anything particularly wrong with this Trump hotel, it just doesn't feel like it should be in Las Vegas.. . The location is a couple of blocks off the Strip which can be a good or a bad thing, depending on what you want from your stay in Vegas. Its easy to drive elsewhere if you have a car, and a cab ride will cost $15-20 to the farthest reaches of the strip like the Mandalay Bay, and much less for hotels that are closer. . . For those with a car this hotel has valet only, although it is free (included in the resort fee). The valet staff was hard-working and was always friendly and professional on both drop-off and pickup.. . This is also a non-smoking resort, although there were a few people smoking in the pool area (wtf). . . The pool was OK but nothing to write home about. Lounge chairs were plentiful and comfortable, but the pool only went 4ft. deep, kinda lame for someone well over 6ft. tall. There were also two hot tubs, one on either side of the pool, but they close at 6pm (another wtf). The final wtf is for them playing loud, annoying, radio music over speakers that are placed so far apart that it sounds like you are listening to the same song twice, only one of them is playing a half second after the other. For me pools are for relaxing, not for partying, but I could see others differing form my opinion.. . There is only one restaurant in this hotel and I didn't have a chance to try it. The menu looked like standard American hotel cuisine (boring) so I ventured out to other hotels and also away from the Strip to satisfy my culinary urges. . . The lounge next to the restaurant is only open until Midnight on Sundays. Not sure about other days.. . Finally, the rooms were very good but with a few downsides. I stayed in the basic room (forget the actual name of the suite but it was the lowest priced room). It was indeed huge and well appointed with a well-sized water closet (walk-in shower), separated toilet closet, dual-vanity sink, and large jacuzzi tub. Everything in the bathroom was great except the shower head had some crust on it and could have used a second shower head, or just a better shower head that had a bigger coverage area (again, I'm a large human and so I prefer a shower that covers more than a few square inches of my body at a time).. . The bed was comfortable but not super comfortable (could have been softer). It creaked a bit as I imagine thousands of people have already had sex in it, with thousands more to do so in the future (hey, its Las Vegas). There were also a few chips on the wood bed frame and the mattress was a few inches too short for the frame. The pillows were super soft and collapsed just how I like. The sheets were also very soft.. . The AC worked fine but there was a large paint chip on the exhaust grill. . . The view of the strip was great, but be warned, you can still hear car traffic and police/ ambulance sirens form the street, even way up on the 59th floor. The windows were double pained but were not at all completely sound-proof like they should have or could have been. Its obvious that they cut corners when designing and/ or building this tower,. . Additionally, some airplanes taking off from the McCarren turn and fly directly overhead Trump which may or may not bother you.. . Room entrances are side by side sharing a common entrance, so its like having two doors to your room. This is a nice touch and means you can't hear any noise from the elevator or hallways. However, the doors are very heavy and SLAM shut super loud, which can be annoying. . . Wi-fi is included in the resort fee. There are no safes in the room. The mini kitchen is nice too with a mini fridge that is empty and not stocked with overpriced hotel crap.. . My final analyses is that this hotel is more suited to a regular city like New York or Chicago and that I would prefer to stay somewhere else next time I am in Las Vegas. The hotel is nice but is in no way perfect and lacks the dining variety of a Belaggio, Mandalay Bay, Venetian, etc. . . Oh ya, and there is no casino at this hotel.
Great hotel...However, somewhat disappointing.... . Pros: Convenient location, literally walking distance across the street to the mall from the lobby, not a big fan of walking through a hotel casino? Then this is a great place to stay, fast elevators, clean hotel ambiance and rooms, nice large pool, great, big jet bubble bathtub, good service and convenient valet parking, check out at 4pm was among all the best bonus.. . Cons: when booking strip view at a cheap price, view faces the strip, but you cannot see the strip because you will be place at a lower level unless you pay additional fees, the shower took a very long time (10 minutes) to finally get hot water and sometimes there is no hot water, train passes by every 2-3 minutes and sounds like a muffled noise of an underground roller coaster, a number of light bulbs were burnt out in the lamps and 1 closet, and we could not find the remote control to the tv.. . However, I would like to give this hotel another try.
I recently stayed at the Trump Tower in a One-Bedroom City View Suite. Check in was a breeze; the girl was very nice and provided a lot of information about the hotel services. The room was located on the 49th floor and had a great view of the city. I loved that the room had two bathrooms; a television in the mirror; and a high-end kitchenette. The bed was amazing and the hotel air was so fresh!. . And now the not so nice: . . The sofa was awful; I preferred sitting on a dining room chair. The walls had a few scuff marks and chips from past guests. The valet would take a long time and is mandatory. One of the "new" bottles of water was half consumed by a previous guest. I could hear the train but only once or twice.
Got an awesome deal through Expedia for a 4 night stay. Service was great. No complaints there. The room itself I wouldn't consider it to be a 5 star hotel. I think the rooms at other hotels on the strip are nicer and in better shape. The mattress wasn't big enough for the frame that left a weird gap at the foot of the bed, the night stands were chipped and had been attacked by a pen and were really scratched up. And the closet door was broken. The shower head had calcium on it.  We didn't trust the cleanliness of the tub, so we bought some bleach and cleaned it ourselves. So, would I stay there again? Only if I can get it for really cheap again. Maybe.
My boyfriend wanted to stay in a nice room for his spring break from a school on the east coast. I applaud his efforts, as the hotel seems swanky upon arriving. So swanky, in fact, when we booked the hotel the site we booked through forgot to declare the $100 per night incidentals fee, to be charged UP FRONT, and to be refunded on check out. Sadly we both didn't have enough to cover that after booking the hotel, flights, and factoring in meals, etc. We had quite the hour of waiting in the lobby as we contacted the booking provider. After a lot of uncertainty the hotel was willing to waive the fee after the booking provider made a phone call to the Trump Management. I felt very relieved and just wanted to begin to enjoy our vacation in luxury. Our room was beautiful, spacious, and had a killer Jacuzzi tub. The view was decent, but the hotel is near a lot of undeveloped areas, so I kept looking to the distance of the pretty mountains.. . We made a trip to a local store for some food to prepare in our awesome little kitchen in our room. Then quite possibly the second worst part of the stay was discovering a used condom wrapper in our SILVERWARE organizer. Now one would think after a guest checks out, the silverware, plates, pots, and glasses are all REPLACED or at least inspected for cleanliness. I am curious how the empty condom wrapper from some young lovers heated night before our stay, ended up getting left in our silverware drawer, not to mention touching our silverware. . . It took the staff a little while to bring us dish soap and robes, but we are thankful they brought them for our convenience. The bed made for a divine sleep, and we didn't spend too much time away from our room. Location isn't terrible, nothingyou can't pump some blood and get a good exercise out of. I would honestly rate my particular stay 2 1/2 stars. I gave it 3 because the comfort of the rooms was superb.
I give this place a 3 stars because of the atmosphere. Other than that the wifi doesn't work as well so your cell phone has poor signal. I tried to call concierge to book a cabana for the pool and no one answered the phone. Plus in addition there's no casino in the hotel. But you do get free newspaper, bottle waters, coffee & teas. We booked a cabana for the whole day and came down and was told they gave our cabana to someone else.
We got an incredible deal on this hotel through Hotwire, which is how we ended up staying there. I would have never normally picked this place (I didn't even really know where it was), and for it to be labeled as a Strip hotel is a little bit of an exaggeration. It's tucked away behind the mall -- not on the Strip at all. No casino or cool lobby bar inside. It's just a hotel. The rooms are pretty luxe (marble everything in the bathroom, TV in the bathroom mirror, comfy bed, etc.), but some of the rooms face the train tracks and can get pretty noisy. I was little disappointed when we got our room. I had spoken with an agent beforehand to let her know we were celebrating our engagement and requested a room (specifically) not near the train tracks and wanted to see if we could upgrade to a Strip view. She worked with me and assured me both of those things would happen. Neither of them did. Instead, we got a noisy room with a view of the freeway and strip clubs.. . There's a shuttle that goes to the Wynn and to Caesar's, which is useful if you make it before they stop running (2AM and 12AM, respectively). The service was nice enough, but all in all, I wouldn't consider this a 5* hotel. I was very disappointed with the fact that I got this place after booking a 5* on the Strip; had I purchased insurance, I would have cancelled it and booked elsewhere. There's a $25 resort fee per day, too, which includes internet, pool, spa access, shuttle service, etc. . . If you're looking for a quiet getaway, this could be the place for you. A pretty nice pool, luxe amenities and a pretty glitzy interior. If you're looking for a Vegas getaway -- on the Strip, a fun environment with lots of entertainment on-site, stay away. Even at the rate we got ($108/night + resort fee), I would reconsider booking here. Might be worth to spend a little more and get a hotel on the Strip!
Currenty on our third day of our stay at the Trump in Vegas. At  check in we opted to upgrade to a corner one bedroom suite at a cost. When we walked into the room, it was clear it wasnt cleaned prior to our arrival and several things were overlooked. The carpets we very dirty, the phone were not working, and no hot water. It was too late to change rooms for the night. I called downstairs the next morning and they immediately addressed our issues. They had the carpets shampooed, phones were fixed, and was told there was nothing they could do about the luke warm water saying it "must have been a busy time for showers". . Will try a different hotel next time i am in town.
Stayed here for our annual Christmas family vacation. We typically stay at The Mirage but hubby wanted to try something new. The Trump Hotel was very nice but it is not for us. We stayed on the 49th floor with a strip view...beautiful! Upon arrival, We we were checked in at their VIP Registration area by a "Wilbur". He was great! A complimentary bottle of wine awaited us in our room (nice touch). This hotel would be great for family with small children who want to stay away from casinos. Room (1 bedroom suite) had a kitchen, with oven, fridge, stove, dishwasher, cofee maker (rare in Vegas anymore), toaster, came with dishes and all a family would need. Hotel is dog friend too!  It is off the strip but they provide a convinient shuttle to Ceasars and Wynn. Our driver was very entertaining! My complaint would be the water in our bathroom. It took FOREVER to get warm water in the shower! I am talking about a good 10 minutes, no exageration! And when the water finally got warm, it would not stay at a consistent temperature. My parents complained of the same issue in their room as well. My other complaint is we had lunch their restaurant and although our waitress was very friendly, the service was not great. Took a very long time to get our drink order and as we ate she did not check on us until I flagged her down and requested a refill on my water. Food was great but because of the poor service, we were not impressed.  All in all this hotel is very nice and has a lot of nice touches and ammenities and great for a family with children or someone out on business. If you want more of the "Vegas" lifestyle, stay elsewhere.
The hotel is amazing with all the amenities in the room including a full functional kitchen (which of course you won't use).  Very spacious and extremely clean.  On the downside, it's at the end of the strip so it's a bit inconvenient unless you have a car.  They have shuttles to some hotels such as Ceasars.  The pool is decent in size but nothing to boast about.  . . All in all, it wasn't the best resort (yes you will need to pay a resort fee) I've ever stayed but it wasn't horrific either.  Would probably choose a central hotel next time.
My family and I spent Christmas in Vegas and decided to stay at the Trump because they were pet friendly and had a flat $200 pet fee no matter how many days you stay here. My mom is convinced that the lobby smells like dog pee, but I'm pretty sure it's just the sickly sweet smell of the flowers in the middle of the lobby. There's not very much grass in the immediate area surrounding the hotel, but if you exit the lobby and walk to the left, you'll find a little faux grass area with doggy bags.. . Pros:. - No casino, no smoke!. - Suite style rooms with kitchen area (stove, utensils, pots, plates, etc.). - Pet friendly!. - Across the street from Fashion Show Mall. - Shuttle to Wynn and Caesar's. . Cons: . - Valet parking only-- this makes the turnaround area in front of the hotel super crowded and difficult to access. Protip: Just park at the Fashion Show Mall parking lot across the street and walk.... - Not directly on the strip, but this can be a pro and con, depending on your interests. Plus, the shuttle does help.. - So many problems with our bill:. We noticed a random charge on our bill when we were checking out, so we talked to the front desk about it and they took it off. Got home, looked at credit card statement, saw that we were STILL charged more than what our bill had said. Called Trump customer service and were told that they added a charge back on because they had to tax our pet fee? And they also charged us for an extra day?? But they said they would give us credits for the next time we stay at Trump and that they would confirm this by sending us an e-mail. Three or four days go by and still no e-mail, so we call again and finally figure things out. Way more hassle than it should have been. BUT all the staff who we met at the actual hotel very lovely people.. . tl;dr: Nice hotel, decent rooms, no smoke filling the lobby (yay!),location is ok, depending on how close to the strip you actually want to be, but customer service by phone could be better
My 3 day 2 nights in Vegas  were ruined as soon as Hotwire spit out the Trump hotel as our hotel for the weekend. I tried everything I could do to get out of the damn reservation, but I couldn't. So I decided even though it was off the strip, no casino, and only one small restaurant, I'd have to make the best of it. . . The hotel is beautiful. As soon as you pull up you are greeted by multiple valets/ bellhops who are more than eager to work for their tips by opening your door for you, grabbing your luggage and wheeling it away for you. Check in was a little bit of a wait, small front desk with only 4-5 employees to check in everyone. But try had a little beverage station to quench your thirst while waiting. They employee checked us in, and walked us to our elevator. Btw hidden hotel fees suck. I'm never using Hotwire, Priceline.. Again. $56 dollars later... We headed to our room. Which was kind of confusing because it had two numbers for one set of doors. Well there were two doors inside the first set of doors. We get in our room, and it was fabulous. Nothing too over the top. Huuuuge tub!! Oh my goodness. Best part of the entire room. They told us we had a city view. Opened the curtains... Yes it was a city view. Las Vegas city. Not the strip.. Lol oh well. It was still pretty. Kitchenette was nice, but I went to vegas to vacation.. I was not about to cook. Anyways. We had an issue with our tv, it wouldn't turn off, they sent someone ASAP.. The robes are so soft and comfy. . Room service was good. Kind of pricey, but isn't it always? . Housekeeping was very thorough. . The train passing by sucked... But I was awake already when it passed.. No casino. No smoking. One bar. Mediocre food. Pool outdoor, closed at 5, super crowded full of kids. I give it a 3. Wouldn't stay there again. It is nice though and the service is great
Mr. Trump didn't have very good taste, but the service is good and the pool nice so not much to complain about.
Great corner suite room for great price but it's far from everything except the shopping center across the street. Room service was not good served Hawaiian rolls from Von's.  One of the TVs didn't work and the front desk couldn't figure it out. Would I stay here again, no.
I really expected more from 'Donald'....the service was everything I expected!  The rooms were clean although not as 'classy' as I would expect from Trump.  . . We upgraded to a nicer room, although still not as 'new and fresh' as other hotels we have visited in the past.. . No casino in the building was a plus because they have a shuttle every 10 min. Going to several other nearby hotel casinos...this made it less crowded and no smoke inside!. . Tip: if you like to enjoy a nice pool, this may not be the best choice...the pool is too  small and over-crowded on a warm day!  The hotel gym rates a 5 on a 1-10 scale.... The room service is great and we were also pleased with the dining room.. . Positives: the mall is right across the street.  . Negatives: the train was load and even on the 45th floor, we still heard it a few times a night!. . I give his experience 3 1/2 stars!
I gave it a 3 star because overall the hotel was just ok, I did expect It to be better..  First time at the Trump hotel and found mold food in the refrigerator!! Customer service is not that great..Housekeeping took forever to clean my room, I did call early in the morning to inform them I need housekeeping which was provided but finish around 3pm... The hotel is away from the strip..we have to take taxi to and from Caesars Palace even though there was shuttle provided because we have to wait at least more then 25 min. Shuttle does stop at midnight which sucks because we can't enjoy ourselves just worrying the shuttle will stop soon and that's why we have to take taxi which charge us $20 plus tips and taxi driver doesn't want just $1 tip, they want more..... It's best to stay on the strip so no more taxi or shuttle rides !!. Pros:. Quiet, luxurious, doesn't smell, kitchen in the suites, luxurious bathroom. Cons:. just a few minor things. The shuttles stop way too early and it take a long time to pick you up. It's far away from the strip if you were to walk..there's really nothing to do at the hotel..it's just a basic hotel with a pool and a gym..
I had always wanted to stay here, but I was expecting the very best and didn't find it.  The rooms are very well designed and decorated, but the furniture was banged up, stained and scratched.  Upon arrival I had no hangers, one bathroom faucet wasn't working, both wardrobe/closet lights were broken, and the clock-radio was simply missing.  When a clock-radio was finally delivered, it had no antenna, so I gave up on music.  The towels were also very hard and scratchy.  I was also disappointed to find that this hotel is not actually "on" the strip but rather almost a full block off (misleading), and too far to walk when it is very hot outside.  There is only 1 true restaurant in the hotel, plus a tiny disappointing cafe by the pool.  And when I asked the concierge where I could enjoy breakfast outside, I was told nowhere.  I was told that you cannot take food and drink to the pool area!  Unheard of!  I was told I could go get my food at the bar and take it to the sundeck...which turns out to be a barren concrete area with no tables or shade (or people).  They wouldn't even deliver food to the deck.  Overall, this hotel is very limited and lacks a lot of things, and services, I expected to find in a Trump property.  Certainly not a 5-star hotel.  I will not return.
Overall rating...3.5.  Now that this has been established, the hotel itself is very nice!  I am not a big gambler and smoker so this hotel is perfect!  It is a little far off the strip but it is right next to the mall!  Upon arrival, we did valet (only option) and our bags were loaded on and ready to go.  Called before hand to see if we could check in (3pm check-in) but they said we had to do it at 3.  When we got there (around 2:30), we were able to check in and swim!  The pool was nice.  Not too crowded like other places where you can barely move anywhere!  Drinks were pricey too!  . . The hotel is super nice.  Big bathroom with a shower, toilet, jet tub, and a TV built into the mirror.  Loved watching TV while doing some business ;)  First night, had a great night sleeping in the most comfortable beds ever!! . . Onto the 3 star review...after swimming at the pool on our second day, we decided to use the jet tub in the bathroom.  Turned on the water until it was full and turned on the jets.  Slowly getting in, it felt so good until something started spewing out of the jets.  Some kind of green foamy algae vommity type substance.... (GROSS!).  Maybe it was just something that was in the drain so my bf and i started scooping it out and throwing it on the bathroom towel that was on the floor....5 minutes of scooping was ridiculous so we decided to call the front desk and tell them about our problem.  Long story short, it took about 45 minutes to resolve this thing with waiting and talking and waiting and talking...etc.  This substance has never been seen before and we were in a hurry to get somewhere else.  They said they would put some tablets in there but I really needed to shower and go somewhere!  They SHOULD have offered an alternative such as giving us another room to shower or SOMETHING!  To solve this problem, they offered free breakfast, day spa passes, or  $75 credit. We really couldn't use the spa passes since we were leaving the next day, so they were nice enough to deduct our resort fee for 2 rooms that we booked.. . Also, our remote didn't work in the bathroom.  We turned on the tv and that worked but later, around 12:00am, it wouldn't turn off.  My bf tried to switch the batteries from the outside room to the bathroom but still, we couldn't turn off the tv and it was blasting really loud!  Called the desk and they said they would send someone right up.  10 minutes later, a guy comes up and ask...."uh do you want me to get someone for you?"  UH YEAH!!! that's why we called!!!  "UH what do you want me to do?"  "Do anything you can to turn off this damn TV!"  Wow...... . Overall good hotel, except for that incident.  If that hadn't happened along with slow service, I might come back.. . NOTE:. -kitchen included. -jet tub. -valet. -shuttle to wynn and caesar's palace. -can hear the train at night while sleeping. -free wi-fi. -free slippers (upon request). -no casino
This is supposed to be a 5 star facility and although nice, clean, and well maintained, I give it a lower rating because it does not compare as a 5 star facility.  if they said that this was a 4 star facility, I would give it 4 stars.  But for the overselling of the star rating, I must decrease my rating accordingly.. . Rooms:  The suites (which were an upgrade) have a kitchen (nice), but no cookware, glasses, or utensils. So what good is a kitchen without any of the amenities.. The suite itself was a great hotel room.. . It is slightly off strip directly across from the mall.  So it is refreshing to not have the smoke of a casino.  But strangely, I missed the casino vibe.. . The pool was like a regular hotel pool.  Not like the typical extravagent vegas pools.. . The gym was ok.  barely enough weight machines and weights.  Nothing to write home about.
Only 3 stars? Well....it was suppose to be a five star Hotel...NOT!! . The staff was extremely nice. The facility was nice and well maintained...but, nothing stood out. I mean..it was DA DONALD TRUMP!! They lost my reservations. Luckily, I had it on my smart phone. The Wi-Fi sucked! It was sooo slow, even the staff complained about how slow it was. There are no slot machines, which is a plus, since I do not gamble.  However, the hotel didn't offer anything that made you want to stay there exclusively. . . Rooms:  I was in a suite which was equipped with a stove, refrigerator and microwave. They even provided cookware, glasses, plates and utensils. The jet tub was huge! No vanity mirrors. I like the little wall mounted makeup mirrors. The ones that are magnified like 8x's. I expected  Da DONALD Suites to have one. Check this out!..the TV was built into the bathroom mirror. Now that's a first!  Unfortunately, the TV didn't work..I informed the front desk staff and it was repaired the following day...but again..DA DONALD TRUMP?..come on... . Extras:   none....the pool was basic..It closed at 8 pm....8 pm? in Vegas? Seriously?!.. . The gym...basic. . Why I gave the Da Donald Trump 3 stars:. . 1) The mall is right across the street..walking distance. 2)  Complimentary shuttle to strip. 3)  Smoke free. 4)  Nice staff. 5)  Free Wi-Fi and newspaper. 6)  No machines. . Why I only gave three stars:. . 1) Lost my reservations. 2) Only one restaurant and bar. 3) The pool, gym and room was plain(for Las Vegas). 4)  No entertainment or show. . Would I stay at DA DONALD again?..No--he's FIRED!!
Three friends and I visited here a few weeks ago at the beginning of June. The interior is amazing, and the part I liked best about this hotel was that it is not a casino hotel, so there is not the constant beeping and blaring of noises and lights from the obnoxious slot machines. It is very quiet, calm and serene as soon as you walk in the lobby.. . The staff are very nice and friendly, as well as helpful. The rooms are beautiful and luxurious.. . So why the 3 star rating? Well, every time we called down for something - extra towels, a hair dryer (which should have been in the room in the first place), sewing kit, etc - we had to call down twice. Additionally, the pull out bed is probably the most uncomfortable bed I've ever slept on. Definitely not what I'd expect from a Trump Hotel.. . Having said that, the front desk staff did comp me two days of daily service charges because of having to call down twice about everything and the shuttle drivers are extremely friendly and helpful.. . Wish this were a bit closer to the strip, but hey, it was a good deal. I'd go again in the off season.
Period of Stay: 7/3-7/6/13  . City View Studio, Room 3320. . Returning to Trump but disappointed to find its service subpar for a luxury-class hotel. Maybe my last visit set the bar too high. Well, I was impressed with trump's high level of comfort and service last night and hoped it will stay that way. Not really.. . ** "Highlights" **. . *Room 3320 was a city view suite. The room was comfortable and cozy just like last time. But the faucet of the jacuzzi came loose like a rocket when I turned on hot water. Since I was not in a hurry to use the jacuzzi, and it was almost midnight (we checked in at 11pm), I decided to leave a note for the maid the next day. Faucet was promptly fixed but the jacuzzi itself didn't turn on. It was broken. So that was that.. . *Trump charges a $25 resort fee per day for pool/fitness facility, free wifi, bottled water and other room amenities. On our last full day stay, that was July 5th, neither our bottled water nor the coffee were replenished.. . *Trump has a nice pool, not too big, but decent enough. I decided to reserve a day bed for two. For $75 you have the day-bed, which is a wicker round bed thingy with cushion, a fruit tray, and iced bottled water. We found the day bed some of the most uncomfortable thing to sit or lay on. The umbrella didn't block you completely from the sun. It looks like perfect for two people but no. So the pool manager transferred us to the FREE chaise lounge on the other size of the pool and refunded the $75. So skip the day bed and don't waste your money. They just don't have enough umbrellas for everyone. So my pool time is cut short. When it gets slightly gusty, they put down the umbrellas and you just sit in the sun like rotisserie chicken.. . *The overall service is nothing like my last visit. No door man opening the door. The front pick-up/loading area is completely chaotic with at least 15 cars parked. I had to walked out to hail a cab. Their free shuttle to Wynn/Caesar Palace always had a huge line and there was never one waiting there.. . *My impression is that Trump is not prepared to handle the huge volume of guests arriving during the 4th of July weekend. There were people hounding all over the lobby and main entrance. . . I am impressed with the staff that I have interacted with during the stay. They are friendly and courteous. The pool staff and the crew at the H2(Eau) are very attentive and professional, always striving to make us comfortable. The housekeeping staff always greet us with a smile.. . Overall I'm not impressed this time because everything that impressed me last time was no more. The hotel is still non-gaming so there is no cigarette here which is still a plus. But with this degradation of service it no longer separates itself as the hotel to be. I booked this trip through United Vacations and the hotel room came to $170 a night (which is actually more than last time with much better service). Next time I would consider Wynn instead.
I tried Hotwire for the first time and got setup with Trump. It's off the strip, but right across the street from the mall which is convenient. It really isn't far away from everything. I appreciated the price I paid, which was $110/night, and for last weekend, it was a steal compared to everywhere else, but the saying "you get what you pay for" came into play after my Vegas trip came to an end.. . I'll go ahead and say that the rooms are plenty big for a couple. The best example I could think of is it being the size of an Elara suite, just one of it's king size bedrooms. It comes with a hot tub which is HANDY for long days of walking & clubbing. The door entrances are separated from another door outside which allows for privacy. These were good things I found worked for this hotel.. . There were definitely more dislikes however then there were ikes.. . One thing I disliked about this hotel was that there was no self parking. You have to valet it, and I don't trust how people drive my car. When we left, someone's car got hit, and they were doing paper work for it. It's just an example of ish that could happen and if you want to drive it around you have to tip the driver just to be courteous.. . Another thing was that the hotel was close to the train track. How about investing on some sound proof windows? The train horn can be heard every time it passes by, and over the weekend at night it happened at least 2-3 times. Very annoying.. . You also will be charged a $25/resort-fee + $3 service charge I think. Why? I don't know. Hotwire tells you after you purchase which is BS. They say it's so you get free access to the WIFI, the workout center, and you get free water.. . The pillows were also too soft for my liking. They would get to flat once your head laid on it. Having two just raised your neck waiting to be woken up to a cramp.. . It was a gamble that I took, and in the end, it was a lousy one. My girlfriend and I were able to live with it, but I had high expectations because of the TRUMP name.
Can't give this place 5 stars.  On top of the room fee, they charge a $28 daily resort fee... their pool is ordinary, the gym is nice, the room is very nice but that's all... nothing extraordinary.  Two cups of nasty coffee are provided in the room, after which you have to get a $6 cup of coffee take-out from the lobby restaurant.  No robes in the closet.  Yes, there's a TV built into the mirror in the bathroom, but it doesn't have speakers (so what's the point?).  I had a $55 pedicure in the spa, and my toes looks good - but my toes look good after a $22 visit to Happy Nails.
No more 4 pm checkout. :( Sad because that was the main draw for me here.. . Also, last time we were missing the bathroom scale from our room and our friends who were in the adjoining room hada scale but were missing the ipod/iphone dock.. . It still smells good (yay for no smoke/casino) and service is still accommodating (except when it comes to late checkout), but I'm going to explore other options the next time I'm in Vegas. This may be the end of #trumplivin for me.
It's a bummer that something with the Trump name skips on so many of the little details. At first glance, our room was magnificent. Great in size, free upgrade to a one bedroom suite with a separate living room, kitchenette and a guest bathroom instead of a studio.. It seemed like the perfect weekend getaway! . . The bed in the bedroom was extremely comfortable. But the pull out couch in the living room was missing springs so my cousins in there fell below the frame of the bed if they stretched out close to the foot of the bed. . . Once everyone was quiet and settled, we could hear the loud roar of the passing train and traffic outside. Our small ventilation window didn't close all the way because of the broken latch. Next was the spa jetted tub. After being woken up by the passing trains I decided to take a bath, but to my surprise the jets were super low in the tub and massaged almost nothing. . . . On the bright side the staff was extremely courteous. Valet even upgraded our parking spot because they felt "we waited too long," to receive our car because of the Labor Day chaos.. Our bed was extremely comfortable, the pool and gym are awesome.. But we'll be back.. After-all its staff made it deserving of a second chance.
I stayed here for a few days during a recent trip to Vegas.  It was my first time staying in the hotel.  Here's a breakdown of my experience:. . Pros. + The rooms are awesome...spacious, comfortable beds, quality linens & toiletries, kitchenette.. . + Free WiFi.. . + Lobby Bar is a great place to unwind for a drink or three.. . + Customer service was great during out trip.  Kudos to the front desk, bartenders, and bellmen who assisted us.. . + Great views.  You can see the Strip from one side of the tower and the Vegas Valley from the other side.. . Cons. - The biggest negative was the fact that after 7 am or so, the freakin' trains start to run through the city and blast their horns at all of the train crossings.....there's at least 3 or 4 crossings in Vegas and you can hear that train through the windows and walls of your room.  If you're a light sleeper or bothered by this kind of noise, you can forget about sleeping in.. . - The valet parking is inadequate.  The waiting area outside to pick up your car was not meant for a full blown hotel.  It was meant for a condo tower....so it's not made to handle the constant in/out volume of a large Vegas hotel.  It also doesn't handle the cabs, limos, and shuttles very well either.  So you end up waiting for your car inside the lobby and try to see through the lanes of other cars to pick yours up when it's ready.. . The 2 negative items are big ones for me and that's why this place gets 3 Stars in my opinion....otherwise, it could've earned 4 Stars.. . There's also no casino at this hotel....which can be a positive or a negative to some people.  I'm indifferent.. . Return Factor - 50%
Good and bad :.  -- Valet did lose car & waited a long time -- . . *have drivers that can drop you off for just a Tip ( don't know what the restrictions are) -- . . $25 daily " resort fee" in addition to room rate. . No casino= no late nights playing but also means no smoke odor . . Nice staff
Very beautiful. Service some times is great. You have to stand around looking for valet or super slow food. . . For some reason phone service is spotty in hotel room. Not sure why this is. . . You can find rooms for $90 /night if you look often on sites
I am only giving this 3 stars because it is supposed to be a 5 star hotel!  First off, service was great.  It really had to do with some of the imperfections we found!. . 1. Carpet on the 48th floor hallways was very loose, bunched up, really in need of stretching.. . 2. Wall Paper in room in the rounded corners was not flush to wall.  Looked bad.. . 3. Hot water in the shower could not be adjusted well.  Constantly trying to get the temperature right.. . 4. Right hand sink in bathroom hotwater did not work.. . 5. The lobby was scented but it was a bit over powering.. . 6. TV and Remote very slow and hard to control.. . Again, I am only being so picky as this was supposed to be a 5 star resort!
Alright The Donald. Your hotel is gorgeous, but you can't spring for couch beds that won't attack me with their springs?. . I'm not sure that I can say anything that hasn't already been said. I super appreciate that it's not a casino and there's no smoking in the lobby, but honestly, the couch bed (as advertised, to sleep 2 more people in the room) was so unbelievably uncomfortable that I ended up sleeping on the floor. THE FLOOR. I was cold, just gotten my phone stolen, and wanted some comfort and found more comfort ON THE FLOOR than on the couch bed.. . We ordered room service--it's nice but it did take quite a bit and the food was middling. Goat cheese pizza though, that was bomb. Chips and salsa, hot wings--Applebee's quality with Donald's prices. . . Sure wish that it wasn't such a far walk to anything, though--especially with the lots around it being so torn-up terrifying eyesores, I wouldn't want to walk here in the night.. . I'd probably stay here again, but only if I was guaranteed the bed :)
We stayed for the thanksgiving for a couple of nights. I had planned for a small surprise for my wife as it was week after our anniversary. I had asked them to arrange something in the our room an hour or so before we check in and they agreed.  However, I found to my surprise that they had not done anything as we checked in.  The room service screwed it up, not quite the service expected of a five star facility.  Finally, I had to call and they promised to get things done in 25 minutes, only to get that done an hour later. . . The breakfast next day was good but we had to wait for  an hour or so after the order was made. also, no estimated time was initially given when we placed the order and we naturally thought it wouldn't be long. Again not quite expected of a five star facility.. . We had taken aroom with strip view. The view was okay but most of it was hidden by the Treasure Island building.
Like many other reviewers, I have positive and negative things to say about my stay at the Trump Hotel. . . Positives:. -The place is beautiful (but so are most hotels on the Vegas Strip). -Relatively reasonable price. BF and I stayed during Labor Day Weekend and the price was much better than the nearby hotels. -NO CASINO. Obviously, this would not be a positive for some people, but for me it was a huge selling point. -Location. Again, not a positive for many people, but I liked that we were able to get away from the strip craziness. It is a prettysketchy walk from the strip, especially at night, so ladies make sure you have your man with you. -The bathroom is awesome. You get a huge walk-in shower AND a jacuzzi tub big enough for 4 full sized humans.  . -Suite is very spacious. Loved the king sized bed and the sofa. All suites have a little kitchenette with plates/utensils and a cute little tea pot.. . Negatives:. -The $25/day "resort" fee is weird. I didn't use the spa/resort so I'm not really sure what I was paying for. -The food at the restaurant was extremely expensive for sub-par quality. -Loud. -No self parking, only valet. BF and I arrived on a motorcycle, which obviously can't be valet parked, so BF had to run up and down the driveway to park himself. . Overall I would give the Trump Hotel 3 stars. . . Next time I'm in Vegas I think I will look elsewhere.
