Its a pretty cool hidden spot at Cosmopolitan and Slices prices are pretty decent. However when I stopped in arround 6 on a Sunday all the slices were old and the cashier was a dick. I had the ricotta cheese slice and it was good but, I am sure it would be better if it was semi fresh. So, first impression gets a 3 star, but they will get another chance when I am in the area.
After reading all the fab reviews on this place I made it a mission to go on a super secret pizza hunt. NY style pizza? with how much I have been missing my home lately I needed to get my crack pizza fix. After walking all around, hunting, and putting my super pizza senses to work my friend and I found this place. 3rd floor. hidden back with a walk along vintage album covers. I am giving it a star for all the top secret pizza business going on, but to be honest I was let down with the pizza. The employees were eh and after waiting and looking at each other for a few minutes they asked if we needed any help. I ordered the margarita pizza while my friend just had the cheese. It was thin like nyc, but very hard. I had to work to fold my pizza. (yes, i am a folder. stop judging me las vegas.) i'm use to my pizza being so hot that it burns the roof of my mouth leaving me with a reminder for days of that glorious pizza i consumed days before. This one was warm but not hot. It lacked a certain flavor, but I couldn't put my finger on what. My friend said his basic cheese slice tasted no different then sbarro's, I was mad at myself for paying 4 bucks for this slice, but what can ya do?. the hunt was fun and maybe this would be good pizza after an evening of drinking inside the cosmo, but coming from a new yorker this is not new york style pizza.. sorry super secret pizzeria, but you didn't win over my heart.
Don't let the three star rating fool you-this place has life-changing pizza. The kind you have dreams about. The kind that you tell your out of town friends to make trips for. The kind that you wait in 45+ minute lines for. Life. Changing. Pizza. I will happily drive out of my way, fight rush hour traffic and wait in a 30 person-deep line for this pizza because it is THAT good.. . I knocked two stars off because of the wait, which was due mostly to the fact that the staff had their buddies running back and getting special made orders and walking out past the line waving their fresh slices in front of a line full of hungry people whose blood sugar levels were ranging on a scale from straight delirium to I-will-stab-you-and-eat-your-pizza-before-I-call-an-ambulance. Several times, hoodlums of all sorts, waltzed past the line, through the back door, distracted the pizza makers from um, making pizza, by chit chatting and putting in special orders all the while the rest of us stood in line, trying to show some restraint and not walk out or commit homicide. It was completely rude and disrespectful to the patrons and this definitely tarnished my experience.. . However, if you're lucky enough to cross paths with Nico (from other reviews, I'm guessing this is the person who runs the joint) once you get to the front of the line, he turns on the charm and temporarily makes you forget that you're moments away from eating your own fingers. I got a slice of plain cheese and  white pizza out of necessity because those would be the fastest to put together and he suggested I put some tomato on the white pizza. Good choice-the tomato had such good flavor and tasted in season.. . Overall, thispizza will blow your mind grapes, but might be best to check this place out with a snack pack on you or go during the off hours (if there is such a time for this place, which I doubt there is).
Good NY slices!. . The Cosmopoliton is the business!  I love everything about it, from the dazzling decor to the upscale yet unpretentious shiek of the restaurants and bars.  . . Pizzeria is a playful take on a typical NY pizza shop.  Records line the hallway leading to the small store.  There are a few seats, but really this is a "stand up and enjoy your friggin' pizza" type experience.. . The pizza is good not great, and a bit expensive for a NY slice, but about what you'd expect from a nice hotel on the strip.  If you're looking to soak up some of the liquor in your system late night, get ready for a line.  . . Stop in for a slice before a night of drankin'
I retain my three star rating solely on the pizza. Went back on a slow day and customer service was again, questionable.. . Edit: I think the first statement of this updated review may confuse some- the pizza here isn't three stars, it's certainly five. I give the place as a whole a three because of the spotty customer service.
What's the big deal? It's just thin-crust pizza. The pizza is pre-made if you order by the slice. It's $3 for cheese and a little more for toppings. In Vegas pricing its a great deal but then they get you on the soda - also $3. There is nothing original and the sauce comes from a can. If I'm in the area, and I'm looking for a quick bite, I might come back. But I am not trekking all the way over here from the Venetian again.
The pizza had too much cheese.  What this place has going for it is it is relatively inexpensive and casual in a city that is over the top.  I think if people were sober, they would not like the pizza as much.
Haha... the not so secret "secret pizza" joint.. . So there are no signs for this restaurant... it's just down a dark hallway located between 2 other restaurants. All of the workers are from New York so the pizza is definitely NY style pizza. . . This place is open late and is very inexpensive. You can have a made to order slice of pizza... so whatever you're craving for in the middle of the night... it's yours.. . I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but if you're staying in the hotel or leaving the Marquee Nightclub, you should stop by.
Good place for a quick and cheep slice. nothing that special, but would get a drunk slice again.
Pizza good. Space BAD.. . I heard about this place on yelp, so I wanted to check it out. I have been to the cosmo twice already and never seen this place, so I had to ask around, and they pointed me toward a long hallway all hidden in the back. . . So it being hidden doesn't seem it gets a lot of customers, but I guess from the reviews it's doing good. . . No menu, so you just have to look at the pizza and decide. This place is crazy small. It might fit 15 people. Only like five seats so it's a race to find one. I stood up and ate my pizza because I didn't want to walk around cosmo trying to find a place to sit. . . The pizza was pleasant, nothing bad about it. . . Trash cans are full, so napkins are stacked high.. . It seems like only two guys are running this place so it's hard. . . The prices are the same everywhere in Vegas, so I am use to the 3 dollar bottle of water and the 4 dollar slice of pizza.
Dear West Coaster,. . You judge the tacos. We judge the pizza.. . Sincerely,. . East Coaster. . PS--Crust was good....but the oil slick is still fresh in my mouth.
I finally got around to checking out the Cosmopolitan last weekend.. . I had seen the reviews for the secret pizzeria, and knew I definitely wanted to try it. We ordered a slice of pepperoni and sausage and a slice of tomato, basil, and ricotta pizza. The pizza was okay, but definitely not as good as I was hoping for.
If you want to feel like a Vegas baller without spending a fortune, spend some time at the GORGEOUS Cosmopolitan hotel, check out the amazing shops and grab a slice of two of pizza at the Pizzeria. While it's certainly not the best pizza I've ever had, it's quick, cheap, and an entire group of friends from vegetarians to meat lovers can carbo load before a night of heavy drinking.
It's a nice little change-up off the beaten path and it's a little refreshing to find a quick bite to grab something to eat that isn't all stuffy and overly priced. For being in the Cosmo, if you want something quick and good, yeah I could see its high rating, but I wasn't five star amazed. Upon first bite the pizza was chewy, the sauce was the right amount of tang, and I do have to admit that it is one of the best pizzas by the slice in Las Vegas ...but that was upon first bite. After those first couple of bites, the bread and crust was burnt and charred.. .  I tried three slices: regular cheese, ricotta cheese, and cheese with beef slices (not sausage, some other type of beef). The regular cheese was greasy enough for me to use up the entire napkin dispenser and the crust was crispy black at the ottom so 1 out of 10. The ricotta cheese was a 10/10, if all the slices were this good I would definitely give this place a better rating. The beef slice was good, kind of what you would expect so 6 out of 10. The employees were nice, it was cheap, and like a lot of other people I'm a fan of its location, album decked hallway and close proximity to the pool table and dominoes board but the pizza really was just a little off. I may have come on a bad time and I should give them another chance but still I would have to say that I would never go out of my way to the Cosmo just for the pizza but I'd have it if I happened to be at the Cosmo and craving pizza.
Was the pizza awesome?  Umm no but it was tasty.  it wasnt the best and it wasnt the worst - it was just typical thin crust pizza.  the entrance was really cool though - a long hallway covered with old record covers.  I would recommend it if you need a snack to hold you over, but there are better places to eat at the Cosmopolitan.  I got the sausage and pepperocini one and i liked it but it wasnt as good as some of the pizza i have had in places like Joe's in NYC
I'm usually skeptical of any restaurants that rate high in a casino because from experience and as many locals know, better options can be found outside the strip.  The same is the case with this pizzeria.  The pizza toppings themselves were tasty enough but the fine details of a great thin crust pizza were missing from my experience.  The magic wasn't there for me.  It just wasn't crusty and chewy enough, and there wasn't enough yummy smokey taste that comes from a slight char on the belly of a perfect slice of thin crust pizza.  Was it because it Saturday night at 12 pm wasn't prime time for pizza?. . Conclusion:  I am definitely going to be the minority opinion here *bracing to have tomatoes thrown at me*....The Pizzeria at the Cosmopolitan didn't quite hit the mark, but if left with middle of the night munchies, I still welcome it as an option for late night pizza.  My favorite thin crust pizza is still at North End Pizza over on the Northwest part of town.
This looks like a typical New York pizza joint in Manhattan (in Brooklyn and New Jersey we have tables) - the glass counter, the ovens, no space, a narrow counter on the side with a couple of stools if you refuse to stand up and eat your pizza.. . I had a plain and also a veggie.  The pizza was good, but not great.  Unless you're from Fargo, ND.  You can take the pizza place out of New York, but you CAN'T TAKE THE PIZZA!  It is acceptable for Vegas, even good for Vegas.  But it ain't New York pizza. . . Still, if you happen to find yourself at the Cosmopolitan - a place I absolutely adore! - and you're on a budget, you can get a slice or two and be perfectly satisfied.  Budget is a dirty word at some of the other restaurants up there on Floor 3.
Pretty good NY Style even if the sauce lacked that tang the crust was really good, $4.75 for a slice of pepperoni/sausage (a buck less would have been righteous.) so if you want more than one, consider a pie.  . . The randomness of a totally hidden pizzeria is downright cool. Let the hype machine crank away.. . So...why not 4 stars? Pizza is sacrosanct and very few places get 4 or 5 stars, silly...
They really need to put a sign up, because this place is darn near impossible to find without asking someone.  Maybe it's their secret way of keeping the place hidden and away from all the tourists.   Just find the public billiard table in the open floor, and then look for a long dark hallway which seems like it's a private entrance for staff.  Once you walk the long dark hallway, you will walk into a small pizza shop, and the smell of fresh pizza will immediately engulf you!. . My friends split a cheese pizza, white pizza, and a pepperoni, olive, and mushroom pizza.  The line can get long, so be prepared to wait!  Once you order, the server will take your slice of pizza and bake it in the oven for a few minutes to get it nice and melty.  I believe a pizza slice comes out to be around $4 per slice.  I thought the price was slightly high since it was a super thin crust, and the slices didn't seem all that big.   The pizza was pretty good, but definitely not as good as the stuff served in NY.  I did not care for the white pizza, but the cheese and pepperoni pizza was pretty good.   Also, the crust was slightly chewy, which I did not like, but I really liked the cheese and spices they topped on the pizza.  One slice of pizza is like an appetizer, so I would suggest you order 2-3 slices a person, if you want to actually get filled up or eat it as a dinner.    I'd come back for a late night snack or an afternoon appetizer if I'm in the area, but it's not something I would walk from Wynn to Cosmo to eat.  Pretty good pizza, but not good enough to crave, especially with all the other eats in Vegas.
Good pizza.  Service is a little  unprofessional. We kinda felt like we were entering the hotel employees break room and interrupting their break.
"Even drunk the pizza was just aite." Haha, that was my initial reaction to when I was eating there. The hallway leading to the pizza place is pretty sweet; it's not so wide that the drunks can prop themselves up as you walk through. The pizza left much to be desired, even as drunk food. This is coming from someone who is royalty at jack in the box (so yes, I know my drunk food groups). Cool placeto swing by and check out, but eat somewhere else.
After spending a few hours by the pool for an Elite event, Megan M. and I decided we should give the 'secret pizza' that gets such rave reviews a try. . . I was ok with spending $3.50 for one slice of pizza...After all I am on the Strip, in the uber-fancy Cosmopolitan at that! What I am not ok with is spending the same amount for a soda served in a 16 oz red plastic cup.. . The pizza was ok. I've had better, I've had worse. I wouldn't rush back to get another slice.
I can't say that it was worth the walk to Cosmo to try the pizza. While it was tasty, we're not sure it was anything special to write home about. For some of the other sources we heard this to be the greatest pizza, we were very disappointed. Crust was somewhat without taste, and was rather soggy in the middle resulting with an inability to pick the slice up neatly. As an aside, the pinball machine didn't give me a play for the money I inserted, and the response from the guys behind the counter was a shoulder shrug. Tacky way to make another 50c on a $24 pizza. BTW: Try the pizza in the back of O'Shay's Casino (located on the strip between Flamingo and Imperial Palace.) We think the crust was tastier,crispier, and the pizza not as greasy.
Big fan of their decoration but if you got rid of that you get a pretty typical pizza joint.  Good ny style pizza maybe but not the best pizza in town or even in that kind of contention. Price wise I guess it's priced for the strip. I think it was 3 or 4 bucks a slice of cheese pizza and $17 for the whole thing with $2 each additional topping.
I got a slice of pepperoni for $3.75 (I think). Not bad. Not the best pizza ever. Maybe you need to be hammered and stumbling out of Marquee at 4 in the morning to think that it is? It's a great bargain on the Strip and probably the cheapest option at the Cosmo. I'd try it again, but I don't think it's as good as Biaggio's or Grimaldi's.
not sure what the hype and rave is all about... yes it's thin crust... and it's cheesy... but i dont think it's THAT good... but that's because i'm eating it with a sober tongue vs after drinks.... . the pizza is greasy... toppings are salty... and nothing spectacular... is it a 5 stars? hmm... no.  i'm barely even a fan... but it's relatively cheap to what's available for a late night.... . . they close at 5am... so if i was drunk coming out of marquee... this could be a 4 stars... that may be the only time i'll give this place anything higher than a 3...
this place is stupid but i'll eat here when i'm drunk off of comped drinks from gambling 3 dollars in 3 hours and love it. truth be told it's good, cheap pizza whether you are drunk or not. check it out!
Pizza is pretty good here.   Buuut 2 stars off for tall blonde with an attitude who works there and over charged us.  When we disputed our order, she was real bitchy about it.  Good thing the guy working there was really nice and didn't make it any harder to get some of our money back that we over paid.
Pabst on tap, good fresh pizza, great prices.
Its good pizza.  Kinda wish the toppings wouldn't fall off so easily.  That was the annoying part.. . If you don't have time make sure to call in your order or just come and buy pre-made slices.  It took half an hour to make the pizza.. . Good location.  Good hours (can go here after the club).
3 1/2 stars to be honest. . . Not too shabby, Abby!  Ended up going here after the Yelp event at Chino Poblano a few weeks ago.  Even though Jose Andres and his crew did fill me up with the great goodies and libations, the lady and I were curious about how good this 'hidden' pizzeria at The Cosmopolitan was.  After gambling off the buzz we had (boy does losing money sober you up quick), we were off to the 3rd floor.  Folks were right on the money, you'll see the hidden hallway going to the pizzeria right near the pool table.  One massive line later (damn was it busy with people dressed in sequins for some reason) we were finally at the front.  . . I had no clue what to order since most of the slices looked pretty good.  I went with what a lot of yelpers said was tasty, the cheese slice with ricotta.  Must be pretty good because when I went to order it, the cook took out a hidden pie from below from what was already out on the counter!  Kinda like a secret menu item, eh?  Back it went into the oven for a quick reheat.  I'm not big on the reheating of a pie but I guess there ain't much choice here because the line seems constantly busy.  The price?  $11 for 2 slices, kinda ehhhh for me on that front (I guess I'm a cheapie.  Sue me.)  because at a place like Broadway Pizzeria you can get an entire large pie for nearly the same price.  And yes, the pizza at Broadway is a good NY style thin crust!. . The 2 slices of cheese and ricotta we had at The Cosmopolitan?  Luckily, they were pretty good!  Good flavor and a crunchy crust pleased me pretty well.  I liked my slice even better with red pepper, oregano, and garlic on top.  However the slices seemed a bit smaller than what I've recently seen on the reviews here.  Economic crunch perhaps?  Price and portion made me had to knock off a few points here.  It really left me wanting a bigger slice.  Although considering this is the Strip it's not too expensive for a meal.  The pizza pie is good, but I think it's cheaper if you and a few folks go in and just order an entire pie around the $20 range with toppings.  Save some dough, and then eat it!. . Service was fast and friendly, but pay attention to the prices!  Good thing for Yelp, I avoided the overpriced drink in a small red cup!  Seriously, almost $4 for a soda in a regular red party cup with no lid?  I'd rather buy an extra slice of pizza and live with the minor halitosis from the extra shake of garlic I'd be putting on!  Ha Ha, does the pizzeria know folks get a Heineken from the casino downstairs for just $1 tip?  Ooooh, good idea!  I think I'll do that next time!  Pizza and beer.....winning!
Good pizza.  Good prices.  An incredibly long wait.  After reading reviews I just had to stop here for some late night pizza.  I knew the wait would be long especially when I saw the line out the door.  It took a little over 30 minutes to get through the line.  I ordered two slices to get some variety and both were very good.  There are very few seats (probably about 5 or 6 total) so be prepared to take your pizza elsewhere.  . . I'm glad I tried it and will probably return again, but it isn't the best pizza I've ever had like some claim.  Good for some late night eats.
came here on Monday, no line. its good, but not to go out of your way good.  price is reasonable, it is hard to find. but that was the fun of it trying to find it.  no name, no sign.  if your clubbing @ the Cosmo and your have the munchies this is your place.  they use fresh toppings, crust is thin and very tasty.
meh it was OK. had 2 slices of pepperoni and a salad. im just not a fan of these pizza by the slice, buffet style pizzerias.  cool place though, and the guys working seemed pretty cool my buddy spilt his beer and one of the workers was given him shit, it was funny and it was all in good fun.
i got a slice of the white pizza while really hungry and tired late at night.. It was nice to find a place that served casual, cheap food on the strip. On the downside, there weren't a lot of places to sit inside, and the pizza was just kind of greasy and flat. It was okay tasting, that's it.. I might go again if I'm flat broke and starving but I'm sure there are much better places nearby.
If someone didn't tell me about this place I wouldn't have even found it! It's on the 3rd floor and you go through this narrow hallway. The line was pretty long when I was there.. . I really wanted a pepperoni pizza but they didn't have one ready when I got to the front so I just got one with jalapenos. I like how the pizza is freshly made and then reheated when I order it. It was good pizza, but I don't think it's anything spectacular. It's thin crusted and a large slice... I had to fold it in half to eat it!. . The only downfall is that there really isn't a place to sit and I ate my pizza standing next to a counter.... . It's great that this place opens late since I always crave late night snack after a night out... I would come back and get a whole pizza next time!
First of all, just knowing that this place is a secret was hellah cool!!!. But from the looks of all the reviews it's not so secret anymore..... . Most of the enjoyment for me was knowing that this place is tucked away on a certain floor of the Cosmopolitan with no name, no sign - nothing indicating that it's even there- knowing that made my experience fun.. . Having a drunkard unattractive man in a suit telling me and my friends while waiting in line that the pizza isn't good and he found a hair in his pizza and to eat the pizza at our own risk was pretty lame especially since him and his buisness partners left hellah trash everyhwere with not even a single crumb of the so called nasty pizza anywhere. They were seated right near the trash can but sadly were just too darn intoxicated to find the trash can or they were just slobs. . Anyhow, don't be too shocked at the $4.00 price for water - if you ask for a cup they have water in a filtered jug for you.. The pizza was good but not the greatest - I still love Settebello!!!. But the pizza was still better than many other pizza places.. Not cheap but I guess if your comparing the price here to other places in the Cosmo it's most likely the cheapest. . Not many places to sit except for stools - I hate stools only places- . Forget about remembering the Titans - just remeber the short people!!!. They do have a Galaga arcade game!!!!.  I love Galaga- Wanna challenge???. All in all I wouldn't go out of my way to get pizza here however if I find myself at the Cosmo I wouldn't hestitate to come back here either.
This place is a little hard to find even when you're given directions.  There are No physical signs.  It kind of cool though when you do find the trail.  I noticed some red pepper, powdered garlic, and cheese jars on a fancy table and then smelled the pizza in the air.  I followed my nose down a long corridor that opened up to this little pizza shop.  The pizza was ok.  I have had better.  Nonetheless, I bet it tastes great at 3 am after a long night at the clubs!
Honestly... it was alright.. maybe I just wasn't drunk enough??. . We ordered a whole pizza for the 4 of us. Waited 30 minutes before we went to ask them where our pizza was... for them to tell us that they forgot about it. So we waited some more and they gave us ONE free cup of PBR. & we were starving!!. . But aside from that and onto the actual pizza... It might've not been that great for me because it was just TOO FRESH out of the oven... if you know what I mean. Some pizzas just have to settle for a bit or else all the stuff on it just slides off.
The pizza was good, but I don't know what all the fanfare is about. Maybe I wasn't drunk enough, either. . . This place is very deserving of the name. It's so well-hidden that it's easy to miss if you don't know it's there. You go down a dark, narrow hallway to find this hole-in-the-wall type place. Decor is nice, like the rest of the casino. It has a cute subway vibe and is very clean. . . I had a pepperoni and mushroom (red sauce) slice, and my hubby had a spinach and feta (white sauce) slice. The crust was thin and chewy. The pizza tasted good, but was a little on the greasy side. . . Yes, it's tastier than your typical Pizza Hut, Dominos, Papa Johns, Costco, or any chain pizza joints. However, $5 for a thin slice is too much. $30 for a whole pie is out of the question. There are so many better deals in Vegas. . . I've tried it now (and it is good), but I'm not willing to shell out that much money for a slice of pizza. We left hungry after eating a slice each, but we didn't want to spend another $10 there.. . Pricey, for sure.  I don't care how high the rent is - it's not Disneyland or a baseball game. Geez. Not a winner in my book.
solid pizza. GREAT crust/dough.. slightly chewy with a nice, light crunch. good flavor but a way too oily. . kind of expensive
Eh, kind of maybe somewhat overrated. It's great late night drunk food but costs at least $4.50 per slice. Errr... not cool. However, it's in the Cosmo so this doesn't surprise me. Still, the product is a super greasy slice, not a gourmet pie. If they're going to play the "hidden gem" game, keep it cheap and gritty. This is not.
ehhh...the cheese fell off. But it was pizza. And I was hungover and needed grease.
Pizza was ok to me.  But then again pizza is one of my favorite foods and I feel like you almost can't go wrong with it no matter where you get yours from.  My dining companion though wasn't impressed and went so far as to compare it to cafeteria pizza.  While I wasn't totally blown away I would have to disagree with that and I definitely think it's better than mall pizza like Sbarro's.  We paid $28 for four slices (two with sausage and mushroom, one white pizza, and one pepperoni and mushroom pizza) and two bottles of water.  Customer service was terrible and the place was super packed and cramped so I couldn't wait to get out of there.  Glad to say I can try it but I'm ready to try other pizza places like the Grimaldi's that are going to be opening on the Strip.
Over-rated.  Guy making them got OJT about how to make pizza.. Ingredients are said to be made fresh daily from a couple of NYC. guys but it was over-priced and over-hyped for what it its.. Settobello better.
What's there to say? Decent (not amazing, but fully adequate) New York-style pizza, open late, no-frills, perfect for that stop between drinking destinations at the Cosmopolitan.
Ok, cute idea with the whole "we don't have a name" thing, and a subtle lack of signs or advertising.  Very clique.  . . The pizza was a tad on the greasy side.  Tasty, but a little too greasy to be a truly great pizza.  . . Have fun, visit here, get a slice and be able to tell a fun story about visiting the "secret" pizza place.  But don't expect the best slice you have ever had.
One of those places where myth is better than reality.. Not a real hard place to find, not a hideway nor a secret place.. Located on 3rd floor and you'll see a large black door with a hallway  when you get off the escalator. Opens at 11:00 am. if you go before, you'll miss it for sure since they close the large door.. It's definitely a good pizza but definitely not the best. Probably best you can get around the area but you can get so much better even in LA.. $5.00 a piece but ridiculous $3.25 for a drink. Go to 2nd floor store right below and get a soda.. we tried mushroom pizza and white pizza.
It was super fun to find this place, but the taste of the pizza was just ok. . . This place is tucked away between 2 restaurants. I think one of them was called blue ribbon. There are no signs. You have to walk through a small hallway, so it kinda reminded me of those bathrooms in the malls which are tucked away 2 stores. . . Of course there was a line. We waited about 15 min to order at 2pm on a Sat. The pizza is NY style pizza where the pizza are precooked, and they reheat the slices as we ordered. I shared slices of combination, pepperoni, and sausage with my friend. The pizza was ok. Nothing good and nothing bad. However, it was so greasy. We had to dab the oil off with a napkin before we ate it. . . This is probably perfect for eating after drinking, but I'd imagine the lines being ridiculously long with Marquee being right there. . . If I ever come back, I would like to try the white pizza. My other friends had it and it looked delicious.
Secret 1 - Yes, I was trying to look you in the eyes, but I'm a man and my eyes tend to stray.. Secret 2 - I'm a bit shy.  So buy me alcohol and I'll open up a bit.. Secret 3 - If you are female and I left you a compliment, it's likely I think you are cute.  Not so for men.. . No more secrets!!  I've given too much away--unless you go the Secret 2 route.. . Service - 5 Stars. Cleanliness - Excellent. Price - Approximately $26.00 (The soon to be brother-in-law paid).. Seafood - ??. Meats - Yes. Vegetables - Yes. Dessert - Yes, Cannoli & New York Cheesecake.. Fruits - N/A. Other - (1) Located on Level 3 of the Cosmopolitan Hotel, (2) You will find it between Blue Ribbon Sushi Bar & Grill and Jaleo. (3) Cash and Credit Cards are accepted here.  (4) Papst Blue Ribbon Beer is on tap here.  (5) Avoid the times 1 am to 5 am because that is the busiest times--that is when all The Situations and J Wowws come out from Marquee.  . . What was Ordered:. . Pizza with 4 toppings ($26.00) - A-Okay (3 Stars) - My sister and fiance chose a 3 topping pizza.  One side was pepperoni and green peppers pizza.  The other side was sausage and roasted garlic.  All pizza here is thin crust and the large pizza has 8 large slices.  Here is the breakdown by slice:. . *The Crust - Meh! I've had better (2 Stars) - You are looking at approximately a 14" diameter of thin crust with tomato sauce and melted cheese.  One word comes to mind, "greasy."  . . *Sausage and Roasted Garlic - Meh! I've had better (2 Stars) - The sausage was good, but I think the Roasted Garlic was forgotten--maybe that's why they charged us the 3 topping price.  Plus, I do not think they gave us enough of the sausage per slice to make it more fulfilling.. . *Pepperoni and Green Peppers - A-Okay (3 Stars) - Probably the best combination of toppings that made the pizza tasty.  The pepperoni tasted like it was suppose to.  What brought this slice up a notch was the flavor of the roasted green peppers.  . . The Secret Pizza is really in a nondescript location--with no signage at all.  If you are near a random billiards table, you are in the right place.  The place is A-Ok, but I've experienced better.  Maybe if I was crazy drunk and just got out of the club, this place would have been rated higher.  Unfortunately, I'm sober.
Let me just help you out and cut to the chase:  I believe it's on the 3rd floor where most of the restaurants are.  You won't see a sign but you'll see a hallway with a bunch of framed pictures/art.  Walk down that hallway and you'll find it.  Follow the smell.. . To me, the pizza was okay.  The bf and I ordered a slice of the supreme pizza and a slice of the pepperoni (or was it sausage, I forget!) & mushroom.  Both were too greasy for me.  Oh well, at least I tried it and I can move on with my life.
Greasy pizza after clubbing? Great idea.. Greasy pizza for morning breakfast/brunch? Umm...maybe not as great. =P. . Secret Pizza wasn't too hard to find. Just look for people eating pizza slices in the Cosmopolitan. =). True, there is no sign and really no storefront. It's on the third level of the Cosmopolitan, near the big chandelier. The doorway is near a pool table and some really cool/funky seating lounges.  Look for a door that leads down a long narrow hallway filled with pictures and you are there! The inside is sparse, a few stools for bar seating and some pinball machines. . . There was 5 of us so we decided to order a whole pizza instead of individual slices because it seemed cheaper. A single slice is about $4.50 without toppings. We ordered a whole white pizza with 3 toppings (pepperoni, mushrooms and olives) for about $26. Plus it was freshly made! . . Verdict? It tasted ok but greasy. I had to dab my napkins multiple times before I started eating it. I know the oil is a combination of the pepperoni and cheese but there was nothing unique about the overall taste of the pizza.  I appreciated the crispy thin crust but didn't find it to interesting. Although, I was thankful that the pizza didn't taste too salty and that it was freshly made. Nice and hot. The guy working behind the counter said that the white pizza is more popular than just regular cheese, and the white did have generous portions of ricotta cheese. It felt a bit heavy eating it as brunch. But I could see how this could be yummy drunk food over you come out of the club inebriated. =P. . I'm not sure I'd come back. Too many delicious late night eateries in Vegas to still explore!
Really cool sort of dive-y spot at the Cosmo. Was introduced here purely by word of mouth, hence how it's the secret pizza place. Cheap pizza that is just alright; nothing special but it did do the trick once I got done upstairs at Marquee after a night of clubbing & drinking! I believe it's popular for the fact that it's all secretive & it makes it exclusive, but for a real deal review? The pizza & food here is just like my rating.. A-OK.
Not that great. Edible. But it didn't wow me. Too greasy!
As an Italian from NY, this place is really a 2.5 for the pizza, but it gets an extra half-star for two reasons:. . 1. It's probably the best pizza in the area, and certainly convenient if you're at the Cosmopolitan.. . 2. They have oregano, red pepper, and the other condiments usually only found in pizza places with true NY roots. . . If you're from NY, this pizza will be substandard.   Decent, yes.  Cheap?  For Vegas, sure.   But that being said, it's very good for what it is.  A tad oily, as others have mentioned, but not a show stopper.  . . The line was long when I went there; fortunately, there were cool people in line with me to chat with.    Took around 15 minutes to order, and a whole pie would have taken an additional 30 minutes - and this was at 3pm.   I opted for a few slices instead, which were ready after a quick warm-up.   . . There's better food in Vegas - and certainly in the Cosmopolitan.  But for quick, cheap, and acceptable pizza, look no further.
Besides paying $120 for 3 pizzas, it was good and was perfect after partying for two days.  Pepperoni pizza was the best out of the 3.
The secret is that it's really just OK pizza. Typical greasy under-the-heat-lamp pizza that tastes delicious if you're drunk but just all-right if you're sober. The flavors are as-is for the most part but you can accessorize for a price. The best part about coming here is that it is a secret - no signs or special doors, just a hallway. You feel special just to find it, along with the other, yeap I'm gonna say it, hipsters. IPA and PBR are flowing as well as wine and soda. Pinball machines are in check.
LINE: When I went it was about 3am leaving Marquee, the line was fairly short but it can get pretty long because this place is pretty small and the sitting area had about 6 chairs. . . PIZZA: alright I'm not much of a pizza lover but I liked the concept of "secret pizza" because it is down a long hall way and I would've never guessed there was a pizza joint in that hole in the wall. . . PRICE: pricy but its Vegas, I ordered 4 slices and 1 drink came to about $27. Also I had no objections at that point I would've eaten anything. Drunk food is scarfed down.
I'll admit it.  I found this place, but I had to cheat by reading Yelp reviews (thanks guys).  Also, it's between Blue Ribbon and Jaleo. :p. . The NY look definitely brought back memories of my trip to New York from last year.  The prices for the pizza are rather expensive for a New York style pizza, but I figured it had to be adjusted for Las Vegas, so that's understandable.  With that said, I was fine with it, really.. . I grabbed a slice of the White Pizza, and it was delicious.  Oily, but still great.  Luckily there was a small line, so the wait wasn't as long as I thought it was going to be on a week night.  Overall though, it's perfectly acceptable for late night pizza, especially when under the influence of alcohol.
It's really a 3 1/2 stars. It was a definitely a secrect place. The place has no sign and not listed under directory. We realized that's because they cater to hotel first for room service. The take out counter comes second.. . The cheese slice and white pizza slice was very good, but I really don't think It's worth $9.50 and a trip for locals to go fight the the traffic on the strip. While we were there, my girl friend and I both agree $22 for a whole pie and $2.50 for each topping is just way too much for a pizza without a sitting table.. . We won't go back again.
You can keep your secret to yourself.  Overrated.  Overpriced.  Open late.. .   So Secret Pizza hides on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan serving NY style pizza for $4.50 for a slice of cheese pizza, and everyone seems to rave about it.  I guess I'm the exception.  Not that it tastes bad, its decent.  But if I didn't work downstairs I'd probably never go.  Its convenient to anyone in the Cosmo that doesn't want to spend serious cash on an elegant dinner at the other restaurants.  But for two slices of pizza and a cup of soda you will spend over $15.  Which is cheap in comparison to the restaurants, but expensive considering you can buy a large pizza and a 2-liter for the same price at most pizza joints.  Yes, yes, I know its inside a strip casino - it doesn't make me feel any better about being robbed.. .   OK its NY style, but it tastes nothing like pizza from the north east.  The slices are thin (which is NY style) and sloppy (often falling apart as you pick it up) and sloooow to come out.  The choice is often limited to one or two types because they never have enough pizza ready. The line tends to get long, and even when its short the service is way slower than it has to be.  Be prepared to stand around in this closet sized restaurant (if you can call it that).  There are a few stools at a counter with no leg room if you want to sit, otherwise bring it out into the Cosmo and find a seat somewhere in a lounge.. .   Maybe I'm spoiled because i grew up in NJ.  I've had great pizza in Jersey, Philly, and New York.  And honestly in Las Vegas I have had nothing but horrible horrible pizza.  So I guess I could say at least Secret Pizza is some of the best of the worst pizza.  But I always leave feeling like I've been had.. .   The one good thing it has going is the place often stays open until about 4:30am.  You will likely have to ask someone where its at, its down a hallway with no signs.  . .   Bottom line, I've been to this place over a dozen times because of my job, so this review is no fluke, its consistant.  This is average pizza (above average for Vegas), but unless you've lived in the South your whole life (or Nevada), I doubt you'll find it especially delicious or special.
It's a great place if you are around City Center and want pizza by the slice. It is not inexpensive compared to your neighborhood pizza place but, you are not in your neighborhood. It is a great concept. No signage anywhere, e.g., hotel directories or in front of the hallway to get there to the pizza (3rd floor Cosmopolitan-left of escalators between two other restaurants w/signage). . . I will keep it in mind for when I am on the Strip and want a slice or two. But, otherwise-pizza quality wise-very comparable to Rocco's on Charleston (Summerlin) except Rocco's is a neighborhood place and the slices are about 25% larger and about 25% less $.
If I came here 8 months ago when this place really was a secret and all the Hipsters were rocking the joint, I would've given it 5 stars for every possible reason without trying a slice of pizza.. . But since it's not 8 months ago, I happen to find myself craving pizza while on the Strip, so I figured this would be a perfect time to get me some not so secret pizza.. . So my buddy and I go to Secret Pizza and there is no line, maybe 2 people in there.  So i guess all the hype for the place died.  Then I saw the prices, $5 for a fucking pepperoni slice?  If that slice of pepperoni pizza could actually fuck, then I'd pay $5 for it.  Not even all the concessions stands at carnivals would charge that much for a slice of pizza, and even then those slices werevery good and worth it.. . My buddy told me he paid around $3 or less for his slices when he went there, and I was sure that was the price 8 months ago.  Either way I asked for a pepperoni slice and the server looked pretty out of it/didn't give a shit.  I know they just give you a slice and there isn't much customer service involved, but throw a fricken smile and be glad that i am paying you 10X the amount of what that pizza slice cost.  I'd be jumping for joy if I had that gig.. . The pizza itself; Very good.  Digged the crust and the sauce, great texture, no complaints about the quality.  However, it's not $5/slice good, but very good nonetheless.  But it wasn't very filling either.  . . I dunno, I felt like the charm it once had that made me want to try it out for the longest time is gone.  This is not a "little gem", "neat place" or "hidden secret", or not anymore.  It's just "hidden".. . #cynical
In absolute love with this place. So, hauled ass from LA to Vegas for a trip with some friends, and my friend that lives in Vegas told me about this place once upon a time. This time, I'm eating here, damn it! I've heard so much about you, I'm coming in for some grub! =]. . Literally, located in a hole in the middle of nowhere (well, next to the pool tables in the Cosmo), there is no sign, no nothing, but a long long hallway that seems to be perhaps a janitor closet or something. Walk in, it's officially a hidden pizza shoppe, like BAM!!!!!!! Simple, straight forward, and loaded with oils/fats. This is definitely THEE perfect place to go to after drinking and partying your ass off at a club to sober up.. . However, for my friends and I, this place was a tad too greasy (sorry, had to minus a star for that! XP) for our sober middle of the day breakfast/lunch/brunch. Yet I can see the appeal of such greasy goodness in the middle of the night, when you stumble drunk like no other out a club, and crave some hot, fresh out the oven pizza.. . In essence, a good pit stop to try out for sure, better when you're drunk, but if you're sober, bring plenty of napkins to sop up the grease! =]
one word: overrated . . my friends and i decided to buy a whole pizza with the works and i wasn't completely happy. it was simply JUST OKAY. it was a little too oily for my taste. not the mention the dough was difficult to chew. the portions are HUGE but i personally would rather choose costco pizza over this any day...
The name fits this place perfect, I was walking around in circles before I found it. There's no signs indicating where this place is. The is the best bargain for eating at the Cosmo, prices you'd expect for a slice of pizza. IMO the pizza was just ok, nothing great. Since the prices were good I can't complain.
3 stars for being aite.... . I think most of the 'buzz' (if there still is any) has to do with the location. As the name suggests, this place isn't really promoted or advertised anywhere in the Cosmo, or in Las Vegas in general. There is not menu, or even a sign in the hotel that says that it exists. . . It's actually called the pizzeria according to the cosmo, but its found pretty much on the 3rd flood right by the elevator. Look for a corridor decorated with golden album all over the walls. When you come in there is no menu printed anywhere, instead you just look at the pizzas they have and pick one.. . The costs is usually around $5-6 a slice depending on what you get, which I think is pretty price for quick slice of pizza. The food itself is decent, the white pizza is excellent as I am a fan of ricotta, but there are quite a few average pies as well (pepperoni is no different than most other places). . . I think the real attraction is the fact that it is pretty much the only place in the Cosmo where you can get food for less than $10 a person. And it does seem kind of 'cool' to go to place that is a secret... But I think that secret is getting out especially when you see a long line drunk kids from Marquee stretching out of the hall way.
We came here for a mid-afternoon snack and weren't disappointed ... but I wan't particularly wowed either.. . So I will say this for sure, the White Pie is dynamite. It's garlicy, cheesy, and delicious. The dollops of ricotta cheese on it really take the flavor to 11. If you can get a slice of this then I would do so.. . Otherwise the pizza is really average, borderline underwhelming. The crust is nothing special at all, and really the pizza amounts to something warm and cheesy to munch on.. . If you happen to be in the area, say cruising the shops or gambling nearby, and you want a linner, then you might consider this place. Otherwise it's not worth going out of your way for.
This place was good.  It's impossible to find but just ask somebody in Cosmo and they will direct you.  The price is better if you buy a whole pie.  We took back pieces and ate them later after a few drinks.  Not surprised that it tasted much better that night.  I'm guessing all these 5 stars are coming from ridiculous drunk people that would give taco bell 5 stars.  The guys working were super nice and if ya gotta feed your pizza craving, this place will do it.
Cool pizza place that's literally a hold in the wall at the Cosmopolitan Casino. Had two slices of cheese. Long line and hidden but tasty. Expensive at 4.50 a slice with 4 dollar bottles of water but placed strategically next to Marquee for a reason. Similar to good New York pizza and in fact better than a lot of the average new York pizza places there are. Long lines.
"NOT SO SECRET PIZZA".. . Yes, there was a line.. . Pizza was good but not mindblowing.  . The crust is super crunchy... Think I prefer more of a rustic style pizza that is a litte more burnt around the edges and slightly more chewy.. . But it was good and very affordable.. . Beer prices seemed good until they hand hand it to you in a red cup.... Talk about TINY...  It was like 8 ounces?. . Definitely worth a try if you're staying in the Cosmopolitan, but I'd say skip it you're coming just for the pizza.
Apparently it's not that much of a secret...there was a long line, but it moves steadily so don't be intimidated.  . . Don't be fooled by the 3 stars (I was contemplating 4), the pizza is tasty, but I've had better...especially in NYC if you want this style of pizza.  But maybe on the west coast this is as good as you're going to get.  . . From what I remember pizza slices ranged from $4-6 a slide depending on the toppings.  And you have to choose from what they have if you want slices.  If they happen not to have plain cheese at the moment, well your out of luck and have to choose something else.. . It's a refreshingly inexpensive option for food in Vegas.  If your hungry or drunk or nearly broke or a combination of any of the aforementioned qualities you should make a stop here.
Overrated.... The place is kind of cool. because it's tucked away in a hidden alley insidethe Cosmo and the pizza is fairly cheap for Vegas. I ordered the ricotta and sundried tomatoes and another supreme slice (we were really hungry) both of my. slices were cold.. And waaaay to greasy. I liked the thin crunchy crust but the toppings were scarce. I do have to add though that this is a good pre-party dinner or post party drunken snack
After a night of drinking and partying the pizza hit the spot. Not sure how good it would be sober.. . I had two slices of pizza, pepperoni and sausage, at $5 a slice. . . The line was about 25 minutes deep on Friday and about 45 minutes deep on Saturday at about 3am to 4am.  With a very few food options open late at night, people do wait this long and pay $5 a slice. I even saw some people that got a full pizza for like $25 trying to slang slices for $10 a peace outside of Secret Pizza....true hustle. I guess they were trying to get back that lost gambling money or get more liquor funds. . . If you want something besides pizza and maybe a shorter wait, try The Henry  on the first floor, they are open 24 - 7 and have a solid late night selection.
Good pizza, cheap grub when in Aria complex, when you want to save money for lunch or whatever. On the 3rd floor, above the Chadelier, right in front of you as come out of the escalator
I am a fantastic procrastinator so I am finally writing my review of the "Secret Pizza."  The concept is fantastic, Italian records on the wall, a pinball machine. Friendly service and cool workers. . . So why only 3 stars? It is JUST A-OK. It should have a sign that says" Congratulations you found the hipster Sbarros" That's really all it is, its decent pizza for a decent price (for the strip) and a cool concept. I am rating this on the food not the concept. A Sbarro that you can choose your own toppings is all  you get. If you are hammered coming from Marquee then you will probably love this place.  . . If you are like me and have had good pizza before and are sober when trying it or only a few cocktails in then OK is what you get. It's not bad and it's not all that good. It is the cheapest place to eat in the cosmo so that probably why people rate it so high. . . It is worth checking out or bringing people that have never seen it before but for repeat business it's just not my style.
This pizza is good if you are not from the East Coast or NY. My wife and I were here this past week on vacation and the we read rave reviews about this place. To its credit the ingredients were fresh "veggies" and the anchovies were tasty just the sauce and cheese did not stand out. All I can say it is good if you want pizza and maybe great for Vegas, we didn't search for other options based on yelp reviews.
I wonder why the pizza in Vegas is so expensive.  You don't even get your money's worth because it's thin and the quality is not even that great.. . My friends and I went looking for this place because we heard about it through a friend.  We had to ask for help to find this place...no wonder we couldn't find it.  There's no name posted outside and you have to go through a long hallway.  The line can get pretty long, so the wait of course is long, and you have to wait even longer (30-40 min) until your pizza is ready.  Whole pizzas are nearly 30 bucks.  What a rip.  Since it was pricey, I was expecting good pizza or like the best.  During our wait, my friend and I got water from the water dispenser.  That thing is so slow.  Someone needs to adjust the nozzle.  Just to fill a cup, you have to wait about a minute...how ridiculous is that!. . My friends and I ordered a pizza with sausage, dried tomatoes, and cheese.  We hung out outside for a long while.... . Finally, when our pizza was done, we ate it and wasn't amazed.  It was at least fulfilling to our appetite.  We ate it at the couches and was approached by a promoter who had just moved to Vegas from London.  Nice fellow...  He's never been to this pizza place before so we gave him a slice to try.  We even gave a slice to our taxi driver when we made our way out.  Maybe they'll decide to drop by this place sometime.. . If you don't mind waiting, why not try this place out at least once...
If you don't know, just ask anyone and they'll be less than happy to show you the entrance. This place is jammed packed with a line to the front of the long hall around the middle of the night when people are tired of Marquee. Expect slutty dresses, stinky feets, and people who can't stand straight and jibberish talkers. However, if you're like me and also one of these club go-ers, then it's just a hot spot for a late night snack before heading back to the room. :). . Pizza can be sold by the slice or as a whole. By slice is about $4 and is comparable to the size of Costco's pizza. They have a higher end quality in toppings than Pizza Hut and Domino's. The lines may be long but usually it moves fast, unless of course you got someone in front of you whose so drunk she can't tell she's at a pizza place. But what are the chances of that happening, right? Haha. Considering the prices of nearby food places, especially in the Cosmopolitan, Secret Pizza is the cheaper choice. . . But, there's still some of us who prefer the late night steak and eggs special in other various Vegas locations!
Main attraction to Cosmopolitan's "secret pizza" is the fact that it may or may not be an insider only type of place.  . . For those that know, it is a good place to get a fast couple slices of pie, or even a whole pie if your wallet can still muster it.  . . Got a house special sausage slice, a pepperoni, pepperoncinni and extra cheese red sauce slice, a slice of white pie with ricotta, sun dried tomatoes, garlic and artichoke hearts and the last slice I got was whatever they had readily available, do not remember exactly what it was.  . . Good pie, NYC style but not the best in the world, had better in LA for that matter.  . . and yes I said better in LA, we do have good pizza if you out of towners care to look around for it.  For truely epic pizza, try either D.O.G.C. which is also inside Cosmo or Grimaldi's in Henderson for that true, down home Brooklyn Pie.
Good pizza. Ok staff. Hard to find. Very expensive for what it is. just go when you are drunk and want something to munch on.
There's not much to be said about the pizza here except that it is comparatively cheap, quick, and is no frills. Whether you're tired of overpaying for things on the strip or want to get late night grub without a reservation, this is your place. Free water and condiments, and you get to tease everyone at the Cosmopolitan with your cheap yet filling pizza. Can't go wrong.
Decent pizza...good for the price.  Great drunk food and it stays open till late.  Went there around dinnertime and they said it would take over an hour to order a full pizza.  Lots of hype but definitely overrated
Overrated! I am led to believe that most reviews here were written by those who did not have a 100% sober experience of the pizza (since it seems that this place is frequented by post-clubbers of Marquee). I would probably agree if I were in their shoes as well.. . We swung by for a quick bite early Saturday afternoon before hitting up the casino. The place is not easy to find! We had to consult yelp photos to get an idea of where it's hidden. The place is really small, with very few seats. We noticed that most people take their pizza to-go and sit out in the open areas of Cosmo to eat.. . Slices are expensive ~$5! The toppings are really limited (usually 1-2) by which types of pizzas they have out at the moment. The line moves relatively quickly, but the pizza is fairly cold by the time you get it since it has just been sitting out. They are pretty hefty in size -- just 1 slice can be filling. I was pleased that the crust and dough throughout were not soggy at all, even if it was thin. Otherwise, the pizza tasted pretty average and most definitely overpriced.
The pizza is pretty good.. but not as good as Cheeseboard in Berkeley! Pizzas are pretty big, but they are super greasy! I looked at the cardboard box with all that oil from the pizza that I just consumed with disgust.. . Also docking stars off the rating because the people who work there are extremely rude! So my friends and I were standing there debating which flavor toppings to get... then suddenly, we heard a loud pop. We soon found out that someone in the kitchen knocked down a bottle of Coke and caused it to explode everywhere (with the bottle hitting the ceiling and cap flying our way). If we only stepped one feet closer to the register, at least one of us could've been hit with the bottle cap (and maybe in the eye too!) Fortunately, our indecisive personalities saved us from harm. Then my friend looks at her clothing and found that it was splattered with Coke. During this whole time, not one of the three workers was apologetic about the situation. None of them said sorry or anything. RUDE MUCH?? At that point, we didn't want to say anything because we just ordered our pizza (so we didn't want them to spit in our pizza or do anything of that sort), but we definitely did not leave a tip and gave them the death stare as we were walking out (after we got our pizza). . . So get your act together, because soon enough, you'll be fired. Just sayin'
Secret Pizza has not so secretly upped its prices. Secretly they have skimped on employees during peak hours and therefore they have not so secretly become not so fantastic. At least, to me.. . Last night I went here with a few friends and I have not been in awhile. Shelling out $5 for a slice of pizza is beyond me. I guess I'd just rather go to Holstein's or Comme Ca and shell out 5 more dollars for something better. . . I'm not saying I'm never going to eat here again, but I won't be going out of my way to seek a slice any longer. . . One bonus - at least they have a water dispenser now.
I went here after clubbing one night. It was around 3:30AM. This place was packed with the line being almost out of the secret alley hallway or whatever you want to call it. The line took around 45 minutes and we ordered two pizzas which took another 45 minutes to make. We ended up getting the pizza around 5AM. . . Food: WHAT?!? I waited that long for that kind of pizza?! It wasn't horrible, and maybe it's just because I was extremely tired but I wouldn't wait more then 20 minutes for that ever again. . . All pizzas are 18 inches and 10 slices. . . White pizza ricotta and mozzarella cheese: I love cheese and this was super cheesy! The pizzas are very thin. When you pick it up, it might just fall all over your lap. It was definitely not as flavorful as I thought it would be. $18. . Five topping: Sliced sausage, pepperoni, green peppers, onions and black olives. This pizza was a little better, but it still lacked something that could just put it all together. It was also pretty messy with all the toppings falling off the pizza. $25
Good pizza, a little pricey ($30 large 18" pizza, 10 slices, 3 toppings).  It's expensive but you are eating at Cosmo, not Costco lol.  The pizza is above average but it's not super-mega out of this world awesome.. . If you are getting late night eats then expect a long wait (both in line and while they make it).  I think we waited in line for 25 minutes and another 20 minutes for them to make it.  . . Seating is limited so you might find yourself eating in the lobby just outside (especially if you are rolling w/ a large group).
I'm going to guess that most of the people go here late at night after clubbing and drinking.  Admittedly, the pizza is pretty good.  And by pretty good, I mean better than average.  But I will definitley stop short of saying spectacular.. . Meaning was is worth the over 1hr wait?  HECK NO.. . This place is a bit overpriced.  But I guess when its 2 AM and you're hungry, its all good.. . We ordered a whole pie.  Pepperoni.  Realized we'd been waiting over 45 minutes.  Turns out that our pizza got placed into the line and cut up.  The gal at the register, was like, "Duh, I don't know" it's coming.  The guy making the pizzas on the other hand....  +1 his Customer Service skills.. . I was pretty ticked off, and he got me before I blew up.  He talked me down pretty quickly and actually managed to make me feel sheepish for getting so bent out of shape.  He gave me the next pizza out of the oven, the line had to wait.  Comped the pizza and all the drinks we wanted which was just the 1 two liter we'd originally paid for.  Offered more drinks...  Anyway, I felt bad for not giving him a chance to make it right before I started to go off the deep end with him, I tipped the jar $5 of the money I got back.. . Did I have a right to be upset?  Absolutely.. Was my issue corrected?  Immediately.. Was I happy when I left? Most definitely.. Would I go back?  Probably not.  But that's cause I'm not in Vegas to eat Pizza.
No signs to point you in the right direction so had to whip out the YELP app to get guidance.  3rd floor, down the hallway lined with records to the left of China Poblano.  Even at a random off hour of 4pm the wait was about 15 minutes and if you wanted a whole pizza we heard others in line get quoted 2 hours since you can phone head.  We went with  the only two options available, a bell pepper, pepperoni, onion, and 2 slices of mushroom.  The experience is what prevented me from giving this 4 stars but the pizza itself was definitely some of the best i have had. This is the Cosmopolitan after all; aka loud, full of drunk party-goers at all hours, and obnoxious groups still sporting their wristbands from the night before as if they just turned 21.  I felt bad for the workers but they gave back as much as they took.  You can tell they are used to the element that finds its way to Secret Pizza.  We saw people trying to hustle the workers by walking away without paying, people whining that they could not get what they wanted, and drunk fools in line; 4pm remember!, trying to become best friends with the guys behind the counter as they just rolled their eyes as if used to the nonsense.  I think it is a good thing there is no seating really, just four or 5 bar stools. If you could just get your slice and run out it is great!  We actually took our slices next door to Bellagio to enjoy.  Again the pizza is great, i guess if i was in college again i might have brushed off the hordes of drunken twenty-somethings.
Fun for the uniqueness factor but was sadly underwhelmed with the pizza, which wasn't served piping hot. Pricey ($5/slice) but might be worth checking out just for the curiosity factor.
Pizza is waaaay too greasy here. But if it's late, you're starving, and possibly drunk, you probably wouldn't care.. . The not-so-secret pizza place was packed with a long line at 5 am, but I personally didn't think it was worth the wait. I would've much rather had an Earl's Sandwich across the street... The pizza was super oily that I felt like the oil itself was oozing out of my own pores.... . I got the white pizza, as everyone has raved about. It was mediocre... very cheesy. and oily. The only words that come up to mind is oily. Be prepared to have oil drip down the side of your mouth and all over your hands. Heh.. . I wouldn't come here if you're wearing killer heels and have been walking on broken toes after a long night of nightclubs. Because you'll just be standing for an even longer time, in agonizing pain. Yes, I am that dramatic.
Just look for a hallway with people lined up...What are people in line for? Idk theres a line just get in it!! =). . Pizza is alright, its good if you're on a good one after the club... It's pretty greasy and it takes forrrever, as if the line isn't bad already. But then again we ordered a whole pizza so boooo. Next time I'm on a good one I'm going to dance in line for a pizza slice for just me me meee.
Idk I was still hungry after one slice. But it's got a good taste and its super greasy and cheesy.
stalked this place after eating at Henry's being 70.00 in the whole and still hungry! We tried to stalk it before but it wasnt open yet.  Had to ask 2 different people where it was located.  no signs and down a hallway.   pizza was pretty good but i wouldnt give 4 stars. slice of plain and slice of pepperoni with homemade meatballs.  definately go for the topping.  The plain wasnt good enough to eat plain.  but meatball was homemade and delicious!  Very garlicy which is a plus in my book!
Okay, let's be honest here. This place is the go-to after you've had a few drinks, are pretty starved and craving some greasy goodness. This place will fulfill that devlish need if you can find it.... . Is it the best pizza ever? No. Does it do the trick? Yes. So why not pop in and grab a slice and join the drunken masses :)
Pizza's pretty greasy, but the slices are large and could definitely satisfy those drunken munchies.
I will keep this review short and sweet, no frills pizza place no frills review.  . . Wow is it expensive, I understand its Vegas; but its pizza and there is only standing room here. My wife and I both had the white pizza by the slice, I added one topping and she added two.  No drinks just pizza. Total was almost $30! Only 4 slices. . . They were pretty good. Garlicky but tasty.  Again, standing room only. There are some seats just outside the restaurant.  Overall for the price I'd rather have something else.
Best pizza in the world! . ...If you come here drunk and starving after partying all night at 3:00 am in the morning when everything else is closed and spend less than 10 dollars for a slice of pizza and a soda on the strip..  My problem was that I was here around lunch time, no alcohol in my system but maybe some caffeine and I wasn't starving. I just wanted to try the pizza everyone else was raving about. .  The place is very nice and clean, it wasn't busy at the time so I can't tell how log the pizza was sitting out there. I ordered a slice of the white pizza and the guy took the slice and put it in the oven to warm it up. The pizza came out good, the bread was a little too toasted almost like a cracker and the topping wasn't bad but a little bit too garlicky for my taste, it kept coming back, everything I ate after that had a garlic taste all through the day and conversations were kept short.. Although the pizza was good, that "special pizza" everyone talks about was not delivered, I can assure you that there are a lot of better pizza places in town. So here's "the secret"......the five star pizza that they serve here is actually a three star pizza. . Now you know, and for the very first time I'll agree....the book is better.
Secret!?!! I love secrets!... . BUT question is, can I keep a secret?! Hum..  HEHEHE.. . This location is a secret indeed. Before I knew of this place, I accidently stumbled in without thinking much of it and walked right out. . Four months later, I was told of this must try secret pizza location. And, I was there! In that area looking for food. -_- FAIL!. . After hearing about the super delish, must try, best ever reviews from fellow Yelpers, fams and friends. I made it a mission to try it on my next mini vaca in Vegas.. . My feedback:. Hum.. meh, it was just okay. Maybe I was expecting too much, I am not sure. . I knew for a fact, it wasn't the BEST pizza I ever had. I would say that its the better pizza joint that Vegas has on the strip. . . Then the question of: was everyone who had this awesome, epic pizza experiences drunk when they had it?! That's why its the best thing ever?!. . I decided to give this place another try when I return back in a month. Hopefully, it would be better.. . Notes:. Seats are limited. No tables, you can eat outside the place, there is random couches seating area.. They do offer pizza and soda deals.
If you're craving NY style pizza at 2am, you could do worse.  It's ok, a little overpriced but it's in the Cosmopolitan and I could see it would be valuable after a night of drinking.  The white pizza is pretty good, it's served hot.  The crust is nothing special however as far as NY pizza's go.
Crust is fantastic.  Toppings are good.  Just got a slice, but whole pies look better/fresher.  $6 is 2x more than what I pay back home, so -1 star for value, but depending upon my win/loss at the tables, probably would go back.
So I had this place bookmarked for a while now, and couldn't wait to get to Vegas to try it.... . First night while clubbing at the Marquee one of the girls got super drunk and we stumbled around trying to find a bathroom! Walked into Secret Pizza instead!!! umm.. yes there is no signs to this place.. of course I was excited about it since I couldn't wait to try it... WAIT WAIT... WHY ARE YOU WALKING OUT?? So they all left, no one wanted to eat! BOOOOOOOOOOOOOO . . Next day.... Walked in during  lunch.. 2 people.... Ordered a whole pizza! Mushroom, green peppers, and pepperoni! . Took them about 25 min to prepare it, and the pizza was huge!!!! I mean I can eat, but that was really big... . . There wasn't enough mushrooms on the pizza which was a little disappointing to me! and there was one string of the green pepper on each slice! Good amount of cheese and ok amount of pepperoni...... It was waaay too oily for my taste... I had to dab it down with napkins to soak up the oil...  The crust was amazing though... we ended up eating half of the pizza and took the other half to go... at night while I was having my red bull vodka, I was taking the crust off of the rest of the pizza (which no longer looked appetizing) and it still tasted great... . . Overall the place is ok! With a little less oil and a little more ingredients it could be a 4 star place...
3 stars: A-OK.. . It's kind of the worst kept secret in town. . . Prices aren't exactly cheap, but it is in the Cosmopolitan and rent can't be cheap.. . It's one of those places where they charge what they charge because they can. Like when you go to Disneyland and a bottle of water is $6 bucks. If you're desperate enough, you'll pay the $6 and be happy about it. . . Consider it a convenience tax.. . They have nice pepperoni and they have a bianca with ricotta, which is kind of a dying breed these days.. . It's good to have this spot in your back pocket if you're on the strip and dying for hot food and you've only got a hamilton in your pocket and lost all your credit cards. . . It's not destination pizza. You don't make plans to come here specifically to eat the pizza. You eat the pizza here because you can.
I am not sure what the big deal is, unless people are just really excited to find someone edible and cheap in Las Vegas. The pizza was good, sure, but it didn't rank up there as "best pizzaI've had" or "most memorable pizza of my life." It was just moderately not excessively greasy, moderately tasty thin crust pizza. The much vaunted white pizza is just white cheese on thin crust, nothing all that tremendously unique or special. However the prices are low for the Cosmopolitan and if you were drunk, this pizza would probably seem amazing. I would go back for a bite.
I've had better pizza in downtown LA. I think the only reason this place gets such high ratings is because people are shitfaced, stumbling out of Marquee when they eat. Perhaps I just had really high standards for this place after seeing the great reviews. I ordered the mushroom and garlic, and I thought it was a bit dry and the crust too hard. . . Come during dinner hours and not after club if you don't want to line up!
Awesome late night hour service with above average pizza. Crispy crust and ok pizza. Only place open but we paid $14 for 2 slices. Depends in how hungry you are :-)
3.5 stars. . Location: third floor of Cosmo (floor dedicated to food at the top). When you go up the escalator you should see a lounge-ish area to your left (some chairs, etc.). Walk over there. Then look to your right. You should see a short walkway where the walls are lined with old records and the like. Bam! Secret Pizza entrance. . . Pizza: Pizza was a-ok. We got one piece of pepperoni and some sort of sausage and another piece with pepperoni and mushroom. Tasty and thin without being burnt. I can't say this is the best pizza ever (not even close) but a good and (relatively) cheap bite to eat. ("relatively" because it still seemed pricey to me for what it was). . . Oh! And they have a Galaga arcade game you can play for 50 cents. Warning! The controller has some serious jamming issues, though!
3.5 stars.. I suspect the reason this place has such good reviews is because most people are drunk when they go there. I was at Marquee the night before but didn't go... but I could see how it would've tasted amazing at the time.. . Got a whole pie for $30 Sunday around noon and there was barely a wait. The pizza was pretty good but definitely not the best I've ever had. We also got some of the pickled peppers which were pretty good though slightly sweet. Four of us split the pizza -- at $8/person it's a pretty good deal for Vegas, and you'll definitely feel full.
This place gets a lot of hype for it's gimmick of being 'secret', which is well overdone by now, and the cool hallway that leads to it. It's a great place to get pizza after everything else is closed (or even before) whole or just a slice, though getting a whole pie is cheaper than getting a few slices, and you get to look cool coming out with a pizza box. People will envy you.. The white pizza is really good, and so is the plain cheese. It gets pricey when you want to get drinks and dessert from them as well, and sometimes, depending on the time, you might have to wait for a while.. The staff has always been very nice; one time we ordered a whole pizza, and the guy ended up burning one half. He gave us the good half and made another one, so we got half a pizza for free, but had to wait a half hour extra (if you get a whole pie be prepared to wait a while).. Overall the pizza is pretty good for being right on the strip, and it's great for late night hungry pains.
The secret's out.. . For a big secret, a lot of people know about it.  The line can stretch down the skinny hallway, and out the door during the wee hours of the morning.  The pizza is delectable and holds to ll of the finest new york style pizzas.  they also have beer on tap to help wash down your yummy slice of pie.
Call me crazy but Secret Pizza did not rock my world.. . I think I had a bad case of the high expectations. . . Let's rewind..... . The concept is excellent.  You'll forget where you are at standing in line craning your neck to see the offerings.   . The prices are more than fair for an on strip eatery!  Shocker.. . The pizza is a- ok for a quick lunch but nothing to make your yelping fingers blaze across your keyboard.  I can think of multiple places I'd rather eat pizza and I wouldn't have to park underground and schlep through the cosmo to do it.  . . That said, the white pizza was the best.  Quite tasty.
What isn't overpriced in vegas.... maybe mcdonalds but i've never set foot in there.. . Pizza is alright, i can see people glorifying this place after they've had one too many shots and their sense are a little bit inhibited but overall i had the same quality pizza for a whole lot less.  Unfortunately none of those places are in vegas therefore one would have to resort to this.
You really have to look to find this place.  I ended up asking a security guard where it was, and even then I had a little trouble finding it.  I thought the pizza was only okay, but I wasn't really ordering their top notch stuff I guess.  I got the vegetarian pizza, which only tasted okay.  The crust was really good though.  At $6 a slice, its not cheap, but nothing is cheap at the Cosmopolitan.
Hearing many recommendations from friends to come here, my group of 6 popped in around 10pm and lucky for us, there was hardly a line! . . Took quite a while to get our pizza pie of half cheese half pepperoni, but overall it was a pretty good deal - 10 slices for around $30 rather than one for $4.50. However to me, it's just your average pizza, and nothing special stood out to me. Not too greasy, thin crust, and a good amount of cheese...maybe I like more hearty pizzas myself.... . In trying to understand the hype, it must be rated so high b/c most people that get food here are likely drunk or really hungry from clubbing...to me, the best thing wasn't the pizza, but rather the secrecy aspect - with no signs indicating where it is, I like that a parlor like this can be inside the Cosmo. Kind of like a pizza-speakeasy I suppose ;)
I have no idea why there was such a huge hype, it was just a typical thin crusted pizza. Seriously!!!!! The toppings were good, pepperoni, sausage, etc... but honestly you can get a better pizza elsewhere.. . However, if you are dying for a late  night snack after Marquee it's conveniently located.
The drunk bastard in me wants to give 5 stars but the sober side of me thinks this place is just alright especially given the $36 price for a whole pizza and the often looong lines. Granted, their white pizza is pretty good, but again, that's the drunk side of me -- I will shut him up now. . . This place is ok if you are drunk, hungry and don't mind throwing money at them.
This was a cool "not-so-secret" pizza spot we hit up at like 3 or 4 am after dancing the night away at the club. We found that the line was filled with people just like us, tipsy and hungry. I think the drunkness made it feel like the wait was extremely long, like I wanted to cry. lol.  I thought the pizza was definitely great quality and tasted great and the slices were pretty big, but was it worth the long ass wait? I think not. Glad we got to try it, but I feel like you could probably get something of equal yummy, greasiness for a shorter wait and more reasonable price. I was tempted to get a whole $36 pizza since we had waited so long, but we contained ourselves and stuck to our slices.
totally overhyped for me. i think it's a great place if you're craving a greasy slice of pizza and sometimes that's just what you're in the mood for late at night. . . got a slice of cheese which was fine, crust was ok, they ran out of the white pies which was disappointing and they weren't planning to make any more - bummer =(
Just a-ok pizza ..... and I was sober when picking and overpaying for my order.  A slice of regular pizza is $5 and a slice of the white pizza is $6.  Now maybe you're wondering the white pizza must be something special and that it's worth trying because that's what I thought.  I also got the pepperocini, red bellpeppers pizza. The verdict is that that white pizza is nothing I can rave about. The pepperocini was flavorful. Perhaps if I was super inebriated I would find great love for such pizza but sad to say I was not blown away.  There are hardly any places to sit, so my party had to eat outside of the joint in a lounge area.  Sorry Secret Pizza, I wasn't all that impressed.
The pizza was good, but it didn't blow me away like it did for some of the other yelpers on here.  The white pizza had a really good combination of flavors, but it was a bit greasy.  Don't get me wrong, I like a greasy slice of pizza every now and then.. . Secret Pizza will be a lot easier to find if you just ask someone working at the hotel for directions.  Everyone is extremely friendly and they're all willing to help.  There are no seats, but you can place your pizza on the ledges and eat while you stand.  . . All in all, I think Secret Pizza is great for a snack but I wouldn't make a meal out of it.  However, it'll probably be the cheapest meal you'll be able to find in the Cosmopolitan.
Recommended by a friend. Decent pie. Reasonable priced for Vegas. The place replicates a hole in the wall, by the slice, store front pizza joint in NYC. Located up a few levels in the Cosmopolitan, down a hallway. Very limited seating, beer on tap (a plus). We grabbed a pie and sat out in the lounge area watching the party crowd going clubbing.
This place gets so much hype that now every single hotel I feel is building a pizza place to compete.  . . The pizza here is good, is it worth waiting in line with a bunch of drunk people who take forever to order and are yelling?  That I'm not to sure about.  The slices are a very good size for the price, kinda greasy and there isn't much sauce which is a negative for me since I love sauce.  I can name a few places in town I'd rather get a slice at above Secret Pizza, however if I'm in the area, I'm not going to object (unless the line is out of control).
Pizza is decent, and it being "secret' is fun, but it tastes MUCH better if you are drunk.  White pizza was tasty (not the best I've ever had), and the price for a place on the strip is good.  It's open late, which is great for a late night treat, but I wouldn't wait in a huge line for a slice.. . If you want to get a drink here, go with a beer on draft - they even come in a red solo cup!  The box wine is disgusting...but that was my mistake for even ordering it.
Every Vegas trip, we always manage to make our way here at some point... . I'm not really sure how the pizza really is while in a sober mindset.. but after a night of partying & drinking, the pizza is fantastic & fulfills any type of food craving you might have in the end of the night. haha. It's also actually pretty good cold(leftovers), the next morning.. . This spot definitely has the NYC pizza look/feel with the quick and easy service and the giant-sized slices. There are several different topping combination to choose from.. I usually just go with what my stomach feels for and what looks most appealing at the time.. . If you come here late at night, expect a long line. I wouldn't call it a "secret" pizza spot anymore if half of the club go there afterwards!. . ...if only a Yoshinoya opened on the strip -____-
Way overrated and over priced. . Whole white pizza. - the grease soaked all the way trough the cardboard and paper plates. - very bland and greasy, I noticed that everyone kept adding red pepper and POURING the grease off the pizza. - unevenly cut. . not terrible since the crust was alright, so 3 stars.
Ok, I've eaten here 3 times and it has pros and cons. I would give it 4 stars but can't do so with a straight face cause of the prices. . . Pros about this place is the pizza is very good. I don't even usually eat crust but I do here. It is thin, and delicious. Nice Variety of toppings offered. . . Cons are way, way, way over priced. A slice of cheese is $4, I usually get a 2 topping slice and it is $5.50, good pizza, but not that damn good. I have eaten here 3 times cause late nite when at cosmo and you are hungry, it's good eats and I make myself forget I am getting ripped off for a slice of pizza. A 2 litter bottle of soda here is $6.50. I never buy the 2 litter soda, but had to note the price to show how absurd the pricing is. A whole pizza with 3 toppings is $30. Yup, so much for trying to get the whole pizza to save some dough, no pun intended. I would eat here more, but the prices are ridiculous.
A little tough to find at first but we did eventually. Enter the Cosmopolitan Hotel off the strip and go to third floor using the escalator. Then go straight down the unmarked hallway right in front of you which is lined with old record sleeves. it opens up into a mostly standing room affair with a few stools along the walls, some pinball machines, and 2 TVs with sports.. . Drinks are sold from 2 liter bottles and poured into solo cups at something like $4 per cup. This is crazy expensive. Luckily they have a little water filtration machine that you can get free water from in the corner next to the cash register. This is the way to go.. . You can order a custom pizza which takes a while, or they can just heat a slice from the already made pizzas. $4.50 for a cheese slice is the base price. You then add 50 cents for each additional topping. I had the pepperoni and sausage for $5.50, and felt like the price was a little up there for a single slice that wasn't even over-sized. . . Sausage and peperoni was only ok. Sausage was there physically, but lacked any flavor. I'd skip that topping. Pepperoni was tasty and a little salty. Still not a huge winner, but a good standard slice.. . The crust was good. Thin and crunchy, resisting sogginess for a while, and is a great starting point for these pizzas. . . The white pizza was by far the best. Ricotta and garlic make this more resistant to sogginess, and the taste combo is delicious. Very subtle ricotta and not so subtle garlic really take this to the next level with the great crust. The white pizza is the one to get. Case closed.
I thought this was pretty overrated.. . I was really hungry so I ordered a white pizza slice and a mushroom slice. The mushroom was pretty solid, but underwhelmed me. The white pizza that everyone was raving about was okay - it was a bit bland and I had to douse it in pepper to make it a little more interesting. It was also waaay too greasy! There were puddles of grease on top of my slice.. . My boyfriend had the white slice and the Sicilian. He thought the Sicilian was too meaty (in a bad way), and also too salty.. . We left feeling pretty fat, lol. All the regrets when we went to XS that same night -___- Definitely should've only ordered one slice each, or skipped out on Secret Pizza altogether.. . The crust was pretty good, but nothing to write home about. Definitely one of the better pizzas I've had, but it's way overhyped. I'd probably come back for some drunchies, but otherwise, I'd skip out.. . Also, $4 for a red solo cup of soda?! Rip off :(
So when I heard about Secret Pizza I was SUPER stoked. But after waiting in line for about 30 minutes after clubbing in my painful shoes and shelling out $20 for 2 slices of pizza I felt a little gypped. This was it?. . Ok ok, I'm being a little harsh. It was good. And nothing better than some greasy food after a night out, but I can't say that I left wanting to go back again like some other patrons. I'm indifferent about this place. Fun to try at least once though!
Not as big as a secret as they make it out to be.  Pizza is pretty good, but the line was pretty long.. . Also, not as cheap as I would expect from this kind of pizzeria.  . . I haven't been back since my first visit.  Definitely more of a tourist trap eatery than a place for locals.
Very good thin crust pizza, but at $4.50-$7.00 per slice its expensive fast food. Its worth it if you have been wining at the casinos but a bit hard to justify on a tight budget.
Sigh.  Another overrated place in Vegas.  I am starting to sense a pattern.  The places with 500+ reviews usually are just places that drunk college aged kids go because they think it's cool.  Then they give it a good review on Yelp because everybody else says it's good.. . Well, I am going to say that this place is not deserving of its reviews.. . First off, the line is pretty long regardless of when you go.. . Secondly, the pie itself... is average.  The crust is thin, which I love, but it doesnt have the crispiness that normal NY style pizzas have.. . We ordered the mushroom and sausage pie for $35.  The toppings were average if not subpar.. . I don't think I would go back because of the line.  Again, it's good, but nothing amazing.  And that wait just makes it not worth it.
It was definitely overhyped by the time I got to try it, so that's probably why I think it's just okay.  I was expecting life-changing pizza, but it's just like any other thin crust, NY style pizza.. . It's way overpriced!  I went with 3 friends and we managed to make it more cost effective by buying one whole pizza and a 2-liter vs. separate slices and separate drinks for all 4 of us.  I think that cut $20 off our potential bill haha.. . One positive - we went around... 11:30 a.m. (?) so we beat the lunch rush and didn't have to wait in a line.  Once we got our pizza, there was a line of at least 20 people long. .  . I'd rather eat at Wicked Spoon at the Cosmo and get my pizza from NYNY down the strip!
Hype hype hype hype hype..more hype... . That's what I thought about Secret Pizza at the Cosmopolitan. Maybe, I'm spoiled by many great pizza places in Portland, so this one just doesn't do anything for me. We had one slice of the White pizza. It was just ok. It was soooooo greasy. . . Yes, this place is cheap for Vegas standard and especially for Cosmopolitan standard. Does it worth it to try it? Sure. Does it worth to come back again for it? Probably not.
It's not a secret anymore! If you like thin NY/Brooklyn-esq style pizza, this might be right up your ally. We're not talking healthy pizza here. Cheesy goodness for late night snackin! It is open late and pretty popular on weekends.. Pizza is on the 3rd floor down a unmarked hallway by the pool table lounge area.The directional signs at the hotel at least give you the floor #. Check that out if you forget (look for the word pizza), preferably when you're not intoxicated. Hrm, when does that ever happen in Vegas?  :X. Anyway, it's like looking for the bathroom at the Cosmo. Eventually, you will find it!
It was our first time to this place after hearing from everybody about how great it is. Pizza was good not great, let me explain. The sauce and cheese are good quality, the crust and dough was to hard. We did go in the afternoon on an off time, so the pizza may have not been that fresh.  I read how everybody is a pizza expert because they are either Italian or from New York, well being an Italian from the Bronx, I don't expect NY quality pizza from anywhere else other then NY. And I understand I was on the strip so I was willing to get ripped off price-wise but 25 dollars for 4 slices(two sicilians/ two regular) of left over pizza. I'm gonna try this place again when they are busy on a Friday night and hopefully get fresh pizza!
Pepperoni is my measurement among pizza places, and it was a great piece of pizza.  Not the best I have had, but definitely a good piece of Pizza.  My wife had a piece of "white" pizza and it was great as well.. . The $4 fountain soda in a red solo cup is pretty lame.  I would have drank 3 of them but not for $12..... I would eat here again, but not go out of my way for it.. . Very small place, with only a couple chairs.  I think that is the ambiance it is trying for, but just be aware that you will not have a place to sit and eat.
**3 1/2 stars**. . IMHO this place is overhyped. I ordered a regular cheese slice, and my two friends shared a white sicilian. . . The supposedly "new york style" cheese slice: Decent slice? Yes. New York style? Not so much. The cheese was good. It had a complex flavor, a little sharp, and cooked crispy. The crust left a lot to be desired. It was a little hard, chewy, and maybe a little stale (to be fair, it was midnight, but still... c'mon it's Vegas). The sauce was fine, but not enough. Hmm... size-wise, a small slice, not worth the $4.50 Overall: Meh...slightly above average. Hence, the 3 1/2 stars.. . The White sicilian: A much more subtle and delicate slice, slightly sweet also. Different white cheeses blended gave a nice flavor. Little islands of good cheese were sweet and refreshing. The crust was soft, spongy, and very thick. It reminded me more of a loaf of focaccia bread. Not exactly a new york style Sicilian, but good. I would give this one 3 stars, only average.. . The condiments bar: A new york style condiment counter with oregano and garlic powder, in addition to the typical crushed red pepper and parmesan. I appreciated this, it's nice to have.. . The atmosphere: First of all, it's really really hard to find this place. We had to ask four staff members through what seemed like an endless maze and multiple floors. The pizza place itself is a little hole in the wall pizzeria down a long tunnel hallway, which instantaneously transports you from the Cosmo glitz to a no frills NYC pizzeria (ok a fake, touristy, manufactured NYC pizzeria). There's only one counter bar to eat on inside. So, we chose to port our pizza to the retro glam seating area right outside (back into the Cosmo Glam world).. . Price: $4.50 for a slice is ok at the Cosmo, but no New Yorker in their right mind would pay that much, especially for such a small slice. (Ok, Ok I know this is Vegas...but YOU try this small slice, and then tell me if it's worth the price). . . Bottom Line: The pizza is ok, not worth the schlepp though (or the price for that matter). I would come back if I'm drunk and hungry after midnight. I have a feeling it's good drunk food. *wink*
I thought this place was over-hyped and overrated. I think that it may be good for late night snacking or something, but I came here for dinner. I thought the pizza slices were good, but not better than good local places in LA or elsewhere. The real deal breaker for me was the pricing. Slices with toppings were $5-$6, fountain drinks were $4, and whole pizzas, while fairly large, were over $30. I'd recommend it if you're wandering by, but not worth a special trip. Also, don't forget to use your Identity card here (Cosmo's player card) to earn some points. I should also mention that this restaurant is not owned by a celebrity chef or anything, it is a one-of-a-kind store owned and operated by Cosmopolitan (itself owned by Deutsche Bank as of 9/6/2013).
i went in to grab a snack at 830pm and was looking for a slice.  crust not as crispy as i would like and the cheese is pretty greasy. wish they has more selection: mushroom spinach broc.
Heard so much about this place...that the pizza is like the real NY pizza. They are pretty good but not as good as Cugina's Italian Deli near UNLV down the street on Maryland Pkwy. Now they have a pizza that's almost identical to NY pizza! The owner lady makes fresh mozzarella cheese and marinara sauce everyday. Cugina's pizza have more flavor. However I have to say that Secret Pizza has a better pizza dough.
This place is on the 3rd floor of the Cosmopolitan near the billiards table. It's just a hallway to enter but once you go through the hallway, there is a whole pizzeria hidden in there. I got the white sauce pizza slice for $5 which was worth a try. I am not a super big fan of pizza but I'll eat it once in awhile. The pizza was fairly decent but I do not think it was worth all the hype that goes into it. I guess it's more for drunkies that just need to eat something so they think it's the most amazing thing in the world.
The only thing secretive about Secret Pizza is the location. A little hard to find but it's on the 3rd floor and across from the pool table. . . At 4.50 a slice, the price is decent being in Vegas but I don't think the pizza is that bomb as many reviewers rave about. Or maybe I was too sober when I ate the pizza? Maybe that's why I wasn't as impressed. . . Greasy pizza available until 5am in Vegas! Definitely a pro but I personally don't think the pizza is that amazing.
Their pizza is good, but it's no longer a secret.  Everyone knows about it now and the prices reflect that.  Search through yelp reviews to find it - it's by Blue Ribbon Sushi.  . . The pizza is worth trying and it's cool to take visitors here.  However - I recommend that you go to Grimaldi's in Palazzo instead.  Grimaldi's is New York's best pizza and Las Vegas is the only place (as of 2013) to get a slice of the real deal.
Food: 4 stars. One of the best slices you can get outside of NYC. Went twice on my most recent trip to Vegas. All the slices are good but the White Pie is the one that really impresses.  Definitely worth a try even at $4.50-$5 a slice.. . Service: 2 Stars. Guy in the (SF) baseball cap was quite rude. I get that this place is not really a secret now and they probably get tons of business from foodies and Marquee club goers. However, good service goes a long way and this time around, the bad service prompted me to decline my second order on my second trip.. . Secret pizza is definitely not the only pizza game in town.
Its kind of funny that's its called Secret Pizza because its not really a secret anymore. I was in Vegas over the weekend and had some down time to explore the strip and I thought that I would check this place out. I have heard about it from numerous people so I was like "awwwwweee yeeeee I must check this place out". I came here on a Sunday around 7 p.m. and there was no line, thank goodness. I wasn't too hungry so I shared a slice with my significant other. We got the mushroom because they were out of the white, and we didn't really care to wait for it to be made. A slice was about $4.50 and was a decent size. To be honest, this pizza was just alright and nothing too special. By no means am I a pizza connoisseur, but I have tasted better. Maybe the fact is that I just came from New York and had the best pizza of my life! But this place is just mediocre. I can see how it's a hit because it's located outside of the club, but most definitely just OK. Its kind of cute and touristy to find it though so I say what the heck, if you are in Vegas give it a try. Maybe it will taste better when you are severely inebriated.
Special spot until everyone knew about it. Lol. Stop by after Marquis or just because. We knew everyone would eventual stroll in here and glad they do. Love the white pizza with spinach and a side of pizza sauce for dipping.
Just a typical greasy pizza joint that's probably tastes good only when you're drunk. But, if you're sober, I wouldn't come here since all it has are 4-5 one-topping pizzas with minimal toppings that you buy by the slice. Some examples are cheese, sausage, pepporoni, and veggies. Pretty basic to me but probably a good place to go if you're on a budget (~$5 a slice) and don't mind greasy mediocre food.
Good NY style pizza.  A great value at the Cosmo, open late I think til 3 or 4 am.  Line gets long later in the night or early in the morn I should say.  Not amazing pizza but really good especially after hours of drinking.  Cheap drinks and wine as well.
Thought the pizza here was pretty good....until I tried Grimaldi's Pizza later that same night!. . Pizza is good, but for $6 a slice and we had to bring our pizza outside to eat on the couch of the Cos......compared to Grimaldi's nice sit down in the Palazzo, for a whole large 8 slice pizza for $23 with generous amounts of meat, pesto, cheese and sausage. =). . Makes this place seem over priced. Both places were excellent for the taste buds but Grimaldi is by far the winner in terms of $ and interior niceness =). Also there was actually service/servers at Grimaldi's too!
Decent but pricey slices of pizza hidden down a hallway at the Cosmo. For $5 per slice, I wouldn't go back again just because the pizza wasn't anything amazing. Pepperoni was on the salty side and the white pizza was pretty good and garlic-y. Keep a look out for the container of garlic powder since we didn't see it until we were almost done eating. . . There's a couple of stools if you want to sit and eat but it's mostly standing along the bar top type of eating. There's free filtered water by the register and the staff was friendly and quick.
Great for a late night snack! Next to the elevator on the 3rd floor is an unmarked hallway, leading you to an old fashioned pizza joint with a red and white checkered floor and a Galaga arcade game. The pizza was decent, nothing fancy about it and there is no seating in the small restaurant, only counters. Best thing about Secret Pizza is that it's open until 4am!
