We got mailed an offer of cheap rates and since we had plans to visit anyways, we took them up on it. . . We're not party animals, and used Vegas as a starting point for day trips (think the Dam, Zion, Valley of Fire) and a place to lay our heads at the end of the day. So as a bedroom:. . Pros: . We liked the rate. We liked the room. We liked (but didn't really use) the facilities, although the Spa was LOVELY.. . Cons:. Felt like we were being nickle and dimed. . ~That $20 a night charge for facilities,couldn't you just add that into the rate. Most hotels have FREE wifi FYI.. ~ Hubby must have coffee before facing the world. That means before facing room service (@ $11 a pop) Why was there no coffee in the room?. ~ There is no room in the fridge for any extras unless you want to risk a charge, but you can have an extra one in your room for $25 a day.. Getting asked to show your room key every time you go upstairs.
Staying at the Encore for three nights as we speak and i have to admit I'm a little disappointed.  Yes, the rooms are amazing, the staff is extremely friendly and the location perfect, because it's away from the craziness of the Strip.  The negative?  You have to pay for EVERYTHING!  I'm surprised nobody has mentioned that in both the positive reviews or negative ones.  Internet access in your room is $13.99 a day and that's not just for the room, no, if you have two laptops with you, both will have to pay the fee.  Sorry Encore, but this is the 21st century, get with the program.  If Starbucks now offers free internet, why can't you?. The spa and the gym, which in most hotels are included  with the room, is $40.  I totally understand that all the services that come with it need to be paid separately, but to use the treadmill or to enjoy the sauna or steam room? A little excessive. . Last but not least, I'm not very impressed with the pretty tacky decor. Feels like the designer couldn't figure out what to go with.  Sleek? Modern? Traditional? Seventies motel? Result, the hotel is a miss match of different styles, with giant butterflies everywhere that are kind of an eye sore.  Sorry Encore, but I think I'll stick to the stylish Red Rock Resort, which might be far from the Strip, but which gets it right every time I'm there.
No way - no how is this a FIVE STAR hotel. Our tub had a burn stain and although clean - our room was not sparkling clean - which I expected at a FIVE STAR property. ...We had a mix-up at check-in when they said -we had two reservations. We did not. ...They offered an upgrade but at a price. ...Our room was a LONG way from the elevator. I'm not a fan of the layout at Encore either. It is a long walk to the valet parking place. ...If I did it again - I would stay at Wynn - which is cheaper but every bit as nice. ...Wifey loved the smell they pump into the hotel.
Beautiful hotel with beautiful rooms.  I stayed on the 54th floor in a panoramic suite with views of the strip in front, the airport to my left and mountains to my right.  However, don't think you will be soundproofed from the club music on the 54th floor, OH Noooooooo!! I could still hear the "thump, thump, thuuuump, bump, bump, buuuump.". . The other thing that annoyed me, upon stepping out of the elevator onto my floor was all the "Caution" floor signs throughout my floor.  Accompanying the floor signs was a wet dog smell that lingered throughout my stay.. . Overall, I had a nice time in a room with remote controlled everything.  The bathroom was modernly classic.  The one thing I would have appreciated, other than more soundproofing, was that the A/C could've reached the "sleeping quarters" and not just the "sitting area.". . I didn't experience the casino because I went to the Wynn for that.
How to spend a first-class weekend in Vegas and only pay coach prices:. . 1.  Don't stay at Encore or Wynn, unless you are lucky enough to have received a promo from them...in that case, it's a pretty good deal.. 2.  Walgreen's, the ABC store, and Strip Liquor are your friends...find out where they are and use them instead of paying insanely high prices for booze and snacks inside the casino.. 3.  If you are a coffee/tea drinker, invest in a hotpot (if you don't feel like packing one from home you can find one for $12 at the aforementioned Walgreen's) instead of paying the, again, insanely high prices in the casino.  You can also use said hotpot for oatmeal, cup o' noodles, hot toddies, etc.. 4.  Your other friends are the Monorail and your feet...stay away from cabs.  Everything you need (i.e. liquor store, Walgreen's, other cool casinos and restaurants) is within walking distance anyway.. 5.  Encore will put a $150 per night hold on your credit card...if you're staying 4 nights that's $600 for the non-math-inclined.  This makes it tempting to make all sorts of room charges, but unless you are extremely organized and self-disciplined, these room charges are ill-advised.  It's just too easy to lose track of how much money you're spending, and it doesn't seem much like "real money" if you're not taking something out of your wallet.. 6.  Take advantage of the "free" stuff that is really cool...the pool area, the fitness center, the slot credit if you're lucky enough to get it, etc.. 7.  Eat as many meals as possible elsewhere.  While the food here is decent, it is ultra spendy and the service we got was horrible.. 8.  Don't gamble unless it's with house money.  . . Hopefully you find these tips useful.  Have fun!
I thought the hotel was beautifully decorated and the room was great. We upgraded to the panoramic suite. The suite was wonderful and very roomy. The tub was nice and oversized. Our issues started right away. One of the glasses in the bathroom had lipstick around the rim, the shelf under the sink clearly is a spot the maids frequently skip over, the ice bucket was full of water telling me that it had not been cleaned out when I called down to the front desk they seemed pretty apathetic but fixed the problems.. When we checked in it was notable that the front desk was cold and unwelcoming.  We came to Vegas to relax and hang out by the pool so most days we were pretty casual. We always dressed in acceptable dress code yet whenever we went into the stores they seemed snooty.  It was really annoying. The store keepers were so uppity it wasn't enjoyable shopping there.. If you are going to Vegas to hang out at the pool the Wynn/Encore is not the place. There are 3 pools. The pool at the Wynn is the largest but it doesn't get any deeper than ~3 feet . It was so shallow that it really wasn't even fun. The two pools at the Encore are also really shallow and are so small that I was surprised. For as upscale and showy as the Wynn/Encore presents itself they should be embarrassed to sport what appears to be the two smallest pools on the strip.. Overall I would say that the pros and cons balance each other out giving the Encore only average marks.
As soon as you walk into this place, go get yourself signed up for the "Red Card" (Players card).  When you sign up, you automatically get $10 for free to gamble.  You must put a $1 in the slots to activate your card.  I turned my dollar into $10 with the Red Card :). . This place is very pretty.  The red plastered on the floor, walls and chandeliers just makes the whole place come alive.  It's sexy.  Even my players card was sexy to me with all that red and gold.
Solid experience, helpful front-level staff, great atmosphere, but lacking in five-diamond service consistency.. . The nuts and bolts:  . . Great reservation experience - helpful, accommodating and knowledgable.  The guy even had a sophisticated sense of humor.. . Check-in was superb - we got a guy who was training a new employee, and we could see why: quick, efficient, knowledgable.. . Room arrival/condition - spacious, well-equiped, clean.. . Housekeeping dailies - adequate for the most part, hygiene necessaries on a towel on the counter was a nice touch, forgot to fold up and put away the iron and ironing board.. . Stay-over maintenance - didn't follow-through on a broken compressor in on the mini-bar refer.  When asked for a follow-up, didn't fix the second time.  Good recovery from the front desk manager, who ordered us some extra beers and a deli platter on the house as an apology.. . Check-out - bell service was superb, friendly and capable.  . . For five-star service, the stay is the most important part, and the housekeeping and maintenance needs should've been, well, five-star, not two.
Ah, Encore, you leave me conflicted. Sometimes you shine like a diamond; sometimes you look like a gaudy paste bauble in a cheap setting. Which is the real you?. . First of all: I get the idea of a red theme, but come on. When you can't look anywhere and not see a solid red something, you may have taken it a little too far. But that's a minor consideration.... . The rooms are phenomenal. The curtain control is a nice touch. Bathrooms are truly decadent, with a TV in the mirror and a shower you could live in. Beds are comfy enough to collapse into after a long day (or night) and not want to get out of. Towels were fluffy enough by Vegas standards. The TV has more than the usual selection of channels. Service is excellent, from bellhop to desk to housekeeping. Valet is adequate.. . Even though Encore was bustling with people when we were there, the casino was still oddly quiet. Not too surprising, since their table minimums were way high even compared to other Strip casinos. The Wynn properties have some of the tightest slots and shortest pays on video poker I've seen, and their slot club has a catch: you don't even get a permanent card until you accumulate 500 points. I have no idea how they'd rate you at a table if you were betting quarters at blackjack for eight hours with a no-name card.. . Prices on drinks in the lounge are about 20% higher than other Strip properties, but the waitresses make up for it. (I'm just sayin'.) Everything is heavily marked up, unsurprisingly. drink service at machines is good if you tip reasonably, much better if you tip well.. . The mildly unnerving thing about both the Wynn and Encore was the people who wiped down the machines after a customer leaves. Someone would discreetly move in, wipe any fingerprints off the shiny parts of a machine, and give the button area a quick wipe. Kind of an odd fetish, but it added to an overall feeling of sterility.. . Maybe that was the biggest impression I got: Encore is like a supermodel in a magazine. Beautiful to look at, but distant and untouchable.
So - Obviously it is a very beautiful and amazing hotel visually.  BUT the staff has serious attitudes - they are nice/nasty.  Will say very rude things with a smile on their face and are extremely SLOW to bring drinks when gambling.  They seriously penny pinch you.  We could not even get a complimentary cup of coffee.  It was really annoying - to pay so much to stay there and they give you an attitude if you ask for a cup of water!. . We reserved a king, but they were not clean so they offered a room w/ 2 queens.  Told us they would put our name in a queue and call us!  Check is at 3pm - we checked in at 5pm!!! IDK - very annoyed. Don't think I will stay here again.
We've been to the Encore several times, about two to three times a year since opening.  It's still fantastic overall but showing some signs of wear in the rooms and common area carpets.  The cabanas show serious wear - for $350-400 per day (including gratuity) I would expect much better.  . . The Staff continues to be one of the best in Vegas but they seem less personally attentive.  As I mentioned we've stayed there several times since the Encore opened (usually in the suites; before the Encore opened we stayed at the Wynn suites) and they still ask us at check in, "Have you ever stayed with us before?" - so much for recognizing customer loyalty.  . . We attempted to leave for the airport early one morning only to find the staff  busy corralling inebriated guests leaving the clubs into a taxi line at the regular entrance leaving no one to call a cab or help with luggage at the tower suites.  The desk said they would call someonebut after waiting I finally ran down to the curb to call a taxi myself cutting it close on getting to the airport (a couple of drunk guests leaving the clubs asked me to call them one also).  . . In summary, the Encore is still a great place to stay but they've lost a few stars.
Four Seasons pricing, Marriott services.
cons:. 1. slow drink service. unacceptable for this kind of place. service was consistent all three days. You can make more money if you liquor people up. 2. no 24 hour cafe. stratta is not acceptable late night grub. 3. roast pork buns are terrible. 4. gelato was terrible. ice cream posing as gelato. 5. $25 table minimums at night? have at least one table - you are missing the younger crowds after the club. if you have penny slot machines, are you not too good for $15 min tables.. 6. coffee cafe by elevators - no muffins!!!! what kind of hell is this? rude attendees. . . pros. 1. AMAZING room service. great food, most of the time. 2. great customer service ( front desk, etc). 3. best room service spaghetti with meatballs. . it's too far away from other things on the strip with half the amount of stuff.
the rooms are great, even though each room is exactly the same no matter the price ir floor or anything else for that matter. the rooms are clean, nice decor, and you dont have to clorox wipe the entire room. . room service on the other hand is a must SKIP, way too expensive. ordered 2 continental breakfasts which included 2 fruit plates,  2 muffins and 4 cups of coffee $80- ridiculous!. we then ordered a sorbee with was nasty, their chcolate shakes are ok, but still way too expensive.. and dont try to move their stuff from the fridge to put your own, they will charge you. you could have them bring up a seperate mini fridge for your stuff, but its $25 per day.. the bottom line is, you either choose a clean uber expensive hotel, or an old hotel like Caeser's Palace where there are nasty spots all over the floor and furniture and even the bedsheets.
I'm all about paying for quality as long as you get quality in return.  Rather than overact and list all negatives, I'll include a list of positives as well.. . Negatives:   . . (1) Moderately Competent Overall Staff - Upon arrival in mid-November, we inquired about the pool situation, and whether or not there was a hot tub or Jacuzzi available.  The person at the front desk said no.  Only after we ventured down to the pool area did we discover that they did in fact have a hot tub.  One would think that the front desk person would know whether or not they have a hot tub on the premises?  I'm sure the question comes up from time to time with guests.. . (2)  Outside Windows to Suites are NOT Sound Proof - It would be nice to have the option of going to sleep before 4am.  Unfortunately whoever designed the suites neglected to consider their proximity to the XS nightclub, and that many guests may not want to experience the club's music in their suite.  The constant pounding of bass into the early morning hours is not something I would expect for a $400.00 a night accommodation!  I'm sure I'm not the only person that has complained about this.  They should have at least forewarned guests about this problem.  This is unacceptable for a hotel that claims a have a five star rating.. . (3) Do Not Breath Or Touch The Mini Bar - I was informed to not go anywhere near the mini bar or it may result in charges.  Well, we followed these rules exactly, and didn't even open the mini bar during our stay.  Later on I discovered four separate mini bar charges on my bill for doing nothing.   When I contacted the Encore to reverse the charges they obliged.  But seriously, for not evening opening up the mini bar this is pretty absurd.  They likely have sensors on the snacks that are in plain view upon entry into the suite.  So if you're considering a stay at the Encore don't even breathe or look at the mini bar.  You may find charges on your bill.. . Positives:. . (1) Good Selection of Restaurants - We dined at La Cave and Okada Restaurant each night.  The experience with both restaurants was very good.  I'd give each restaurant 4 stars for the service and quality of food.  . . (2) Beautiful Pool - The pool was comfortably warmed, well-constructed, and in close proximity to the hot tub which I'd suggest the front desk person try out some time.  There is also a pool bar to take advantage of.. . (3) Onsite Gym  - They have an ample selection of treadmills and stair masters, a convenient juice bar to order smoothies, and the option of enrolling in fitness classes.  . . All and all, I'd have to give the Encore a 3 star rating.  It's far away from the strip which is a bit of a hassle, but the overall dining and entertainment experience was good.  I likely won't stay there again in the future, opting towards the Bellagio or Venetian.  Steve Wynn may own those hotels as well...;o)
I think my high expectations (5 star rated hotel) is what led to the disappointing 3 stars.. . The service was definitely not 5 star level in my opinion.   It was decent at best.  Everything from the front desk to service in the various restaurants/stores was not "extraordinary,"  which is what i would expect at a 5 star property.. . I stayed in one of the standard suites and it was pretty nice.   Maybe a few years ago i would have been wowed and awed by it but since then i've stayed in too many better rooms to really be impressed.. . So i guess maybe the 3 stars isn't an overall "fair" rating because of my high expectations but that's what i feel they deserve
Hotel is very nice. Great rooms and food options. Casino while is very nice gaming could be better.
It is really hard for me not give the Encore five stars.  The rooms are opulently appointed and there is a panel at your bedside to operate the curtains, lights and even the privacy option on your door.  Very cool.  The room is a compact suite and very well designed - but it is not large for a suite.  The bathtub is a standard size soaking tub for one person.  Again, nice but small. My main issue with the room is that despitethe opulence, the walls were thin and I could hear my neighbor's t.v.  Also, even though I was 21 floors up, I still heard the traffic on the strip late at night.  . . The staff at Encore is the best on the strip.  This would also push me to five stars.  . . However, my issues with Encore are these:  I sat down at a lobby bar and began playing video poker and was asked for my drink order.  Anywhere else I have been in Vegas - including Caesars (at least on my last visit), you are comped while playing  video poker at a bar.  Not at the Encore.  My absolute on the rocks - although plentiful and strong - was $15.00 w/ tip.   Later in my trip, I went to Society Cafe for breakfast and the menu items were $18.00 and above.  We're talking breakfast folks.  . . Onto the spa and fitness center.  There is about a $15.00 fee to use the fitness center.  I believe this price is reasonable and in-line with other Vegas properties if you're not paying a resort fee.  However, beware that if you want to use the locker room or showers - that bumps up your visit to $55.00.  This facility is very nice - but $55 to take a steam and shower is ridiculous. . . So, obviously, who goes to the Wynn/Encore and complains about the prices?  A valid point.   However, regardless of the price you pay for your lodging in Las Vegas - we as customers should expect a decent value.  High end properties should deliver high end value and so forth.  My issue, is that I thought Wynn/Encore would be above the nickel and diming that takes place all over Vegas.  It is not.  That is why the property receives three stars, despite the great staff and nice room.
Las Vegas! If i was forced to stay at a "motel" i'll still go to vegas! seriously? Come'N don't u agree? lol ok fine maybe motel is a bit too harsh (: you get the point people. . . EnCore and its RED dragons and flying fish in the sky sure pulls your attention, their sky high level rooms and its beautiful full glass views will make you speech less. As in this is too much red, i mean if you are color blind this place would put you in a serious trouble. Stayed here for two nights and three days. Not with the wife though it was with few friends. We didn't really so much "enjoy" the stay as it was described in TV, and ads! lets just say i've had many other better experience before. . . That being said, food, services and cigar selection downstairs is worth it. sadly it was winter so didn't enjoy the outdoor poor and cocktails. Not sure i do go back there again. Wait wait, if i was offered free promotion deals too good to be true I just might take it! hahah (:  . . Maybe this review seem "negative" due to the lose i had on their casino yea! pretty bad two nights. Who knows if I won that night I just might of been interested and had a bit more positive approach as an overall rating. . . over all C+ aah-okay!
the encore is a beautiful place to stay, nicely laid out rooms and everything's just nice and clean. the beds were comfortable, and the flat screen was nice. . . the rooms were pretty far from the entrance it seemed and its all the way at the end of the strip so you'll definately get your excercise on!. . if you like shopping, its right next to the fashion show mall where they also happen to have the largest forever21 i've ever seen! much larger than the one in sf and so many lines i dont even see on their website!. . the buffet has gone down since i've last been here. i used to rave about how this is THE buffet, but i dont think i'll be back. they need to have more actual food and less fruit baskets. desserts, which is my favorite section, was limited, as was the seafood. its a disappointment. i don't think i'll be back. actually, i most likely won't
The boyfriend and I visited Vegas in 2010 and had booked and prepaid for a room/show package. If this review was based on customer service alone, I would have given 2 stars. Upon arriving, the desk asked for the credit card I booked the room with. As said before, the room was PREPAID on my MasterCard/Debit card. The bank I was using switched from MasterCard to Visa, and I didn't think I would have a problem checking into the hotel because the entire stay was paid for. However I was proved wrong. The clerk said he was going to have to refund the money that I booked the room with (and could take 3-5 days to return to my account), and RECHARGE the full amount for the stay...which of course was a NICE chunk of change. So needless to say I was kinda miffed because this came out of our spending money for the 4 days of our stay. I still don't understand why this had to be done because the full amount was prepaid, and the bank account number/name on card hadn't changed, but what can we do? Let this ruin the start of our vacation? I think not!. . The hotel and room were fabulous which made up for all the check-in confusion. We are very much walkers in this city however, and this hotel is somewhat long walk from the action at the south end of the strip...so bring some good walking shoes!
Service: 3S. Rooms: 4S. . We've stayed here a few times and this is the first time that I've had a problem.  We checked into the room and settled in. Hung up our clothes, put our belongings where they belong. Mixed ourselves a drink. No problem so far.. . I decided the jump into the pool for a swim, wait a minute I meant sit on the couch. Yes, the couch was wet as if it was a swimming pool.  I immediately call the front desk and they apologized and said that they just finished cleaning the room and the couch was dry and they didn't fully dry it yet.  The asked if I wanted to be moved to a different room.  Excuse me? If you knew this, then maybe you should've gave us another room to begin with?  . . I informed them that we are all already settled in and I suggest that they just bring two couch cushions  from another room and simply swap it.  They said they couldn't do that.  They will send room service with towels to dry the couch.  15 mins later, room service came with towels and some crazy loud fan to dry to couch.  I expressed my disappointment.  The cleaning guy said he will try to get two couch cushions and swap it for us, sounds like an idea that I heard somewhere before.. . I tipped the guy for swapping my couch cushions.  I am utterly disappointed in Encore staff for failing so many ways.  I expect this from Imperial Palace or even Harrahs, not Encore. Shame on you. Probably the last time I stay at Encore, back to Cosmo.
Still 3 stars.  The check-in and waitress staff continue to be the best on the strip but the hotel needs better upgrades and maintenance.  STILL no wi-fi at the pool or cabanas - $300-400 per day in the cabana and no internet??? You can pick up on the wifi signal from the meeting rooms while in the cabana but no one would give me a sign in code when I called.  Another person I spoke to said it would cost "millions" to put in - yeah right.  A 40 inch TV without hi-def is just another blurry TV.  The music seams to have gotten lamer going from hip to dance remixes of older songs. Cannot adjust fan speed.  Cabanas showing wear and smell like cigarette smoke.  In summary, I've finally come to the conclusion that the cabanas just aren't worth it.  The staff at the pool are always great though.. . The shower stalls still leak if the water hits the bench.  The door trim in the hallways and rooms shows a lot of scuffing and denting.  Time to upgrade to  hi-def TV's - if not in the rooms then at least in the bars and lounge areas.  Several stores in the esplanades were closed.  The slots are EXTREMELY tight.  . . I was going to my room early one am and security seemed to be helping an inebriated guest find his way back to the elevator to his suite.  When the elevator came I got on - but then the security guy saw that the other guest got on and then walked away leaving me on the elevator with a drunk dude who kept telling me i looked like Bill Gates and pawing at me trying to shake my hand - thanks a lot security guy!  How about seeing the guest to his room next time instead of just putting him on the elevator with another guest?!?. . Going back to Vegas in a few months - staying at the Cosmo for a change.
One of the nicest properties in Las Vegas, and with a price tag in the 100's of millions it had better be. They have done a great job keeping it clean and fresh, most casinos start off very nice and within a year or so they look like quite run down. What a great casino to walk around in. This place boasts a great attention to detail. The rooms are beautifully appointed and the pool is a lot of fun.  Stop in and get out of the sun for a little while. Live it up, you are in Las Vegas for cryin' out loud!
Nice hotel. Disappointed because we weren't able to check in at 3pm when we were supposed to. Garth Brooks show was the best!
Nicely appointed, well kept. outside of the restaurant customer service did not truly impress me.
Rooms are very nice and comfortable, staff is great! I was there for a meeting on a Sunday through Tuesday and the room literally shook all night from the XS night club music! I ate in 3 of their restaurant's that were good but stupid expensive, go down the road to Morton's for a superior steak for much less. The pool was nice but also way to pricey! $8 beer? $16 house maggie? WTF???
It's a beautiful hotel, and I liked it for the most part BUT.... . * This is NOT the place to stay if you're not there to go clubbing. I was here with my husband for a quiet birthday weekend and to catch some shows. Every night we walked to our hotel we were swimming upstream through obnoxious brats on their way to the club. Girls in crazy heels not watching where they're going, rolling 4-5 deep, too drunk and awkward on their heels to move in a graceful manner, and guys just, well there.. * Upside, our room was low floor with a cr@p view but relatively quiet. Didn't hear any club noise - and only occasional noise from the room next door. *I liked our room overall, nice size, comfortable bed, nice understated decor. * Room wasn't QUITE as clean as I would have liked. Couch was dusty...wtf? I ended up putting towels across the seats.. * Like many other hotels, we had to pay the resort fee, so we just used our WiFi like the wheels were going to fall off :). * Hubby's a picky eater so he wasn't feeling most of the restaurant options, until we got to the Wynn Buffet. I've never seen his eyes light up over food like that before. The buffet was awesome and a great way to end our trip.. * I thought the location was going to be a huge minus being somewhat far up the street, but it was perfect. Great proximity to the bus stations (Fashion Mall(?) stop) so super easy to get the lower part of the Strip as well as Fremont Street.. . I would easily have given this place 4 stars but the damned club kids knocked it down a star.
The most beautiful hotel I've ever stayed in by far. But the casino is S M A L L  and walking back and forth to the WYNN, where it's more lively, gets tiring.
Due to the reputation of both the Wynn and Encore, when I was booked into the Encore for a work conference in Vegas, I was looking forward to my stay.  Upon arrival I was very impressed with the design of the Encore.  The lobby is very luxurious and you certainly feel you're mingling with the upper crust of society.  The guy checking me in was really nice, however, he kept asking me if 'anyone else' was going to be coming up to the room and should he leave a key for my room for 'any evening guests.'  I think he brought it up four different ways which I kept trying to make it clear that no, I had no plans of anything kinky and that I would be the only one using the room forthe duration of my stay.  Felt very awkward after the third time.. . Got up to my room and it was probably just a standard suite.  It was nice, but I think the Venitian feels more luxurious.  It felt pretty cold compared to the warmth of the lobby.  Very neutral and not really anything cozy about it.  The bathroom has a really nice layout.  Didn't like the door to the shower, but love the seperated toilet.  The mattress was comfortable but didn't like the pillows.  Living area was pretty much a window with a nice view of the rest of the strip.  . . Biggest beef with the hotel is that after dinner, I thought I'd go relax abit in the hot tub and came down to find out that the pool closed at 8:00 PM.  What?  Is that really their hours or was it just because I was there in April? I couldn't tell.  . . Nice place but on my budget, I'd rather stay at the Venetian.
We stayed at the Encore on our recent trip to Vegas.  It is a very large hotel and I get overwhelmed in malls/Ikeas easily so perhaps this wasn't the best choice for me.  . . But anyway, when we checked in I mentioned it was my fiance's birthday.  The two women who checked us in (one was in training), Shaily and Ashley, sent up a box of chocolates later to say happy birthday! How nice is that!  . . They offered us a room upgrade for $30 per night and we took it.  Our room was large and had a decent view (although not amaaaazing) so I am overall glad we went for it.  I also liked the features for turning on/off the lights.  It made the hotel room feel very modern. . . The gym is smaller than I expected it would be.  It is also a little confusing to find.  I got confused by the spa and how the outside of the gym looks a little too fancy to be the gym.  . . Also, the Encore just feels like a hike from other things on the Strip.  I know it is all relative and it is really close but perhaps it was the cold weather that made me feel like a 4 yr old asking "are we there yet?". . Last time we stayed at Treasure Island and I think overall that was a better experience.  I felt more comfortable given the size of TI v. Encore and I even liked the gym more.  I don't think we will stay at the Encore again.
It is always true that you get what you pay for!  Encore at Wynn is pricey, but for such an undoubtedly luxurious, gigantic hotel in Las Vegas, the price seems right!  $220-ish per night for a king suite from Dec. 23-26; good price, wasn't it?  The room was nice and spacious, and i loved the complimentary bath robe that was super duper soft and cozy!!  However, check-in service was slow and took us no less than 30 mins to wait in line and check in, which was frustrating.  Anyways, Encore by far is not my favorite hotel (Aria is....) but it is not bad at all and definitely worth the price if you can find some great deals online!
Stayed at the Encore over the Holiday weekend and was not that impressed.  It's true that the sister property of the Wynn is the fancier sister.  The casino was much nicer than the one next door with everything in a red color theme.  Overall was not that impressed with the room we stayed in upstairs. Perhaps it was because our room was close to the service area and early in the morning we heard the service workers preparing their carts.  The walls just seemed too paper thin for my taste.  Otherwise it was very nice inside with all of the usual amenities.  The size of our room was larger than the usual Las Vegas Strip room with a big large screen TV that was  on a pivot hinge that allowed us to point it toward the seating area or toward the bed.  I also liked the floor to ceiling window with a view down the Strip.  That was a very nice feature.  But overall my rating was just OK.
Something is amiss in the land of Wynn. The perfectly run hotel is no longer perfect. Disappointing return trip. Errors  made with our reservation, lots of I am so sorry, we will fix it, so glad you informed us so we can remedy the problem.  It seems the staff has memorized the lines, but that is all. Room is beautiful. Get even numbered room if possible. Faces Strip and golf course.
This really is a beautiful hotel. I didn't really stay here. I just walked through and wanted to stop at the bar and have a drink. The bartender, Miguel, was pretty annoying. I didn't even enjoy my drink.
OK, the hotel is wonderful. The food and restaurants are great. Too old for the clubs! My problem is that the staff only comes in two varieties - extremely friendly and helpful or arrogant and rude. At this level, everyone should be happy clients are in their hotel. . . Many have talked about the resort fee - it sucks. You get nothing for $28 per each day of your stay. It is going to be a class action law suit someday soon. It is so obviously a gimmick. Everyone complained about this concept and penalty. . . For gamblers, I can warn you that each of the casino hosts gives you different info. One tells you that you need to earn 3000 points each day to get your room comped, while others tell you it is 5,000 points. The Caesar's Total Reward is much better for those who do heavy gambling. . . I won't be coming back to a Wynn property - I was there on opening week at Bellagio because I had so much confidence in Steve Wynn, but things have changed. Too bad for everyone. Lastly, I was comped for rooms, but was short changed on food and other charges based on how much I ran though the slots. Yes, if they had given me what I felt I deserved, I would have not left with such a poor taste in my mouth. The person who took care of my comps was the one who insisted that the comp rate was 5,000 points per day, instead of the 3,000 points like I was first quoted by another casino host - please get your stories together!
So here is the thing, I have been a regular guest of "Wynnacore" since it opened in 2005. In fact it has been my favorite hotel in not only Vegas, but anywhere. The last visit, however, has made me rethink that. While the hotel is still as beautiful as ever, has the same "Wynn scent" I love so much pumping through the air ducts, it does not have the same feeling of home to it. The guests, while there have always been some idiots staying here are no longer a very small minority. With the opening of Encore Beach Club (this being the first time I have stayed here while it was open for the season), the crowd has gone from fashionable and classy to douchy, trashy, and obnoxious. The first sight I see walking through the front doors is not fellow guests of the hotel or an employee saying hello, but a group of young, loud 20somethings (could be younger) who wouldn't be out of place on a trashy reality show coming from the day club.  This was par the course for my stay here. . . Our room while still nice was not up to the high cleanliness standards I have come to expect either.  There was a wet spot my girlfriend stepped in by the desk. I hope that was from someone spilling water and not housekeeping cleaning up vomit or something worse. A light was out, and some furniture looked dusty as well.  That is not acceptable when paying $300 a night.. . It seems to me that because of the economic downturn, the hotel is going after the club crowd rather than the gambling/luxury crowd.  I suppose the profit margin on charging idiots $1,000 a bottle for Grey Goose is a lot higher than renting out rooms, and if they do get someone who spends the night too, then that is just icing on the cake. . . I had to think long and hard about what star rating to give Encore. I will always love her and have a place for her in my heart, but I fear that her glory days are behind not forward. Will I go back again, yes but only in off season. I want to love this place. Will this be my go to hotel in Vegas anymore, sadly no.  For the price to stay here, The Mandarin Oriental or Penthouses at Mirage seem to be better alternatives.
Beautiful hotel. Excellent service. I love that Mr. Wynn is so conscious about health and food allergies. However, I'm extremely disappointed that he has chosen to put synthetic fragrance not only all throughout the lobby, but in the rooms as well. Many people have chemical sensitivities. Synthetic fragrance is toxic. It's a neurotoxin, endocrine disruptive, and causes cancer. I had a severe headache after only 5 minutes in the room. They had to find us a room with less fragrance. And they have no air purifiers! In Las Vegas! The staff was very accommodating, but I won't risk my health by staying there again. Absolutely awful.
The rooms were 4 star as was the service, attentive but not too intrusive.  I was troubled by the boisterous people at nearly every place I went.  One morning when I got up in the morning early for a quiet breakfast before a meeting i encountered a person being mirandized by the police in the lobby bar.  At breakfast i was the only one who had been to bed as far as i could tell. . .  Another time a group of people doing shots of vodka in one of the main restaurants distrubing nearly everyone around them.   Maybe this is Vegas.  Also there was no place to have a quiet decent drink; the piano bar opened way too late and the smoke at one point slipped into my room (I believe people were smoking on my non-smoking floor).. . Finally the checkin was a mess; i don't expect to wait 45 mins in a top flight hotel to check in. The excuse I got was 'they have 2000 rooms and everyone comes at the same time'.  I said if it is that predictable then they need to redesign the whole process.
I'm a fan of Wynn/Encore but had mixed results this trip. . Insufficient bell staff on duty at check in. I am not a fan of rolling bags through casinos, degrades the resort experience.. Marijuana cigarette left behind by previous guest in our suite that was missed by the housekeeping department. . Slot machines went haywire and had a lengthy wait for hand pay. . We will be back but these issues really stand out, especially at a great place like the Wynn where issues like these never happen.
couple of concern, charging for wifi in Vegas?. Then Encore tried to charge me for early checkout. yup, early checkout. Like booking for 3 days, they will charge u the third day even u check out the second day.
I had nothing but high expectations for Encore- Wynn and I think most people do too. As fairly regular Vegas goers, my friends and I usually hop around to different casinos to see which one we want to dub as our future home base. We're also a little spoiled and only want to try the best of the best.... so when it came time to book our hotel for this EDC Las Vegas weekend and we hands down wanted to check out Encore. However, after this weekend I do not recommend staying at this hotel because I was disappointed with our over all experience stay.. . Yes, it's true the Wynn and Encore have a beautiful hotel, probably one of if not THE most beautiful hotels on the strip. When you hear the the name Encore,  you automatically think of class, elegance and extravagance. However, this review is reflecting various situations that made us feel less than pleased with our stay. . . Example 1: Kelly and I were on our way back from clubbing on the Vegas strip. We walked into our hotel and wanted to take our shoes off. Lots of girls do this... and I'm sure lots of drunkies run through the hotel all the time. Too bad I was completely sober and he picked the wrong person to sass. However, not a problem if there is a shoe policy. The security guard simply didn't come up to us and tell us this. Instead, him and his buddy were making some animal noises. So when I clearly ignored whatever barn yard animal noises were coming from his direction, he ran came up to us. This was our interaction:. . Noise: RAWRR COO COO adlfjglaerj (insert unrecognizable animal noise). Guard as he runs up to me and Kelly as we were rolling our eyes: "Miss, please put your shoes back on. I tried warning you previously.". Me: "Oh?...  Wait, what? That was you? I guess I mistook you for some cow or horse on the loose making such noises.". Guard: "OH ermm.. well listen, I tried to warn you to keep your shoes on! You're not allowed to do that.". Me: "How was I supposed to know that from the noise you just made, I don't speak barn yard animal and that clearly wasn't English.". Guard:" Uhhh.. .uhh well that wasn't me.. it was this guy." (points to the idiot next to him). Me: "But I thought you said THAT you just tried to warn me.. so who's the farm animal? You or him?". Guard: "Please put your shoes back on... okay...?". Me (as Kelly and I are putting shoes back on): "Oh so you guys do speak English...  wow... so you're telling me to put my shoes by squawking instead of asking me nicely and you're letting this asshole talk to me like he's some kind of pig. Really, all I have to say is WOW. Thanks, don't talk to me like you're a runaway farm animal again. I'm going back to my room because I'm STAYING AT THIS HOTEL. We speak English in Las Vegas, not animal." and I walked away.. . I mean, seriously? All you had to do was ask! We obliged!  If there's a policy, we will follow it and not complain either... but was any of that necessary? I am disgusted with how rude that whole situation was. Guards are supposed to protect hotel patrons (me and Kelly), not let others harass them.. . Upon getting back to our room, we wanted to draw a bath in the tub to ice our feet. Umm... how come the whole ledge was dusty? When I called downstairs to have this fixed in the morning, it still wasn't taken care of. I mean we didn't drop a couple hundred bucks for a 5 star hotel to have dusty bathrooms where you could see the grime or to have the security guards who are supposed to protect the hotel guests instead of being rude and annoying. . . Another issue is the resort fee. I actually have no problem with paying for the resort fee. HOWEVER, if you do not clearly state that the resort fee only covers 2 devices for wifi, you cannot charge patrons for this without letting them know first. Also, why is there no reception in your room? We all had different cell phone carriers and we all had little to no cell phone reception in the room. Even with connecting to wifi, our calls were getting dropped.. . Lastly, if you didn't purchase tickets to Encore Beachclub or XS at the Wynn, fear not because at 10am you can hear everything from the clubs in your room... even some 30 floors up or more. So, if you like EDM like I do and you don't particularly mind waking up and read to fist pump... you're in the right place. Overall, I really wanted to like Encore... but I'm sure you don't blame me for not being in love. I will say that the hotel and resort area is really beautiful. I love the mosaic tiles and the way they light up the trees. The suite beds are super comfy, there is room to hang out and the view of the strip is beautiful. As a guest, you have access to both Wynn and Encore  privileges and are only a short walk away from Fashion Show Mall. However, these perks do not compensate for all these things that happened to our group just over this short weekend getaway. I think I'll just stick to hitting up the clubs and restaurants in Wynn / Encore only.
Customer service is above average. Room was clean and appointed nicely. The room was a king suite 60th floor with a great view of the Strip and golf course , somehow from 10pm to 2-3 am all we could hear was boom , boom , boom from the night clubs . That was disappointing. And annoying.... I guess for the younger crowd its not an issue. But us over 40 group paying $300/ night not acceptable . The food on both properties Wynn and Encore above average and $$$, the price was expected so I am not complaining. Service was great.. Bottom line ... Will not be staying here again with so many other choices on the strip at this price point.
Spent a couple nights here and it was awesome only a couple minor issues. I told the front desk I was celebrating my birthday and they didn't do anything special for us. Every hotel on the strip usually gives you something like resort credit or something, it was simply ignored and not acknowledged. The bathroom and room was very clean. Complaints about the room is the shower heads need to be replaced they are very old as well the technology in the room needs to be updated. For the price of this room it should be top of the line no excuses. Get rid of the control center that opens the drapes and turns the lights on and off.  It works when it wants to and it's yellowed from the age and sun. Get a new control 4 touch screen remote like Cosmopolitan and Aria have for all rooms. In room dining was really good the pizza was way greasy but everything else was good. The gift shop by the elevator was awesome for snacks and beverages or for anything left at home. They have everything you could need. Valet parking was quick only had issues with one attendant. He was very rude didn't catch his name though. The view of Wynn and the rest of the strip is awesome loved the pool view and able to see the golf course. Can't wait to come back hopefully next time I can update this to a 5 star
I am honestly not that big of a fan, after finally having stayed a few nights. 51st floor, north facing, king suite. Was I wowed? Nope. Mind you, we were not guests at the Tower Suites, or their apartment/villas.. I heard the experience there is like a whole different kind of property.. . Yes, there are floor to ceiling windows. Yes, they are big. Yes, the general overall quality of the furnishings and upholstery, bed quality above average. But surprised there were..... . SHARP (!!) TVs that are used to partition the sleeping from the lounge area (which was fine.. no wow factor)...no coffee anywhere in the room. What!!!! No coffee, just so you, Steve, can force us to give you even more of our $ and head to the 24 hour Cafe strategically positioned at the corner of the Wynn and Encore? So apparent, and soooo cheap of him.. . A minor threat (things are spring loaded) in form of sign that if any item either atop the fridge or inside it is moved or displaced after a period of 60 seconds, patron will be charged a $25 restocking fee. 118F weather. Not able to even chill anything purchased. Just so foolish and ridiculous.. . Chinese have a word called " DAI FONG". That means, more or less, big-hearted/generous/not displaying stinginess n penny-pinching. Mr. Wynn, for having blown $2 BILLION (not to mention the $60 million it took to make the Beach Club and pool materialize to stay competitive), is.... . NOT THIS DESCRIPTOR! at least he's not showing it in the small stuff. I was very, very put off by this. . . Facial bar of soap doesn't even lather or possess any kind of emollience. Reminded me so much of those dermatological soaps/fragrance free, etc... and did not speak "luxury" to me; rather, medicine soap! No thanks. Must say, tho,their BAMBU line of lemongrass citrus was off the hook... in the way of shower gel and shampoo, etc.  No daily paper to room. urgh.. . The gym. let's not speak of the poor, shoddy ventilation, low ceilings, etc. Though those Cybex machines i enjoy so much are present, and there are chilled water bottles and towels (like other high end hotels.. i.e. Ritz, Aria), it appeared like another room of the spa/salon area. Strange to work out in such a space. And again.. that. sucky ventilation. Overheard 2 other gentlemen complain about it audibly. . . The gym and spa bathroom are shared. As such, welcome to total luxuriance... a living room, large TV, sofas, faux fireplace, and tea and spa water, fruit found inside of the bathroom.. Yep! and staff linger there too. . . Pool... mostly adults were there. The pool shape and lack of en masse peeps was nice. relaxing to swim and sun... Drinks here were major weaksauce and were made poorly. Mojito and an Arnold Palmer. Ratios didn't balance on either drink. Dont' ask the prices. GULP.. . Another separate European pool adjacent. These are completely separate entrances than the Beach Club, with all those famed lilypads and cabanas. . . PS most comical moment: watching Cantonese soap operas and serials (both olden style and contemporary) from the bathtub. I had to LOL on that one... such a total novelty and weird experience!!! There are about 6 channels all dedicated either in Canto or Mandarin. The vice of my people........ sigh
Beautiful hotel, great amenities and so much to do! I can't even begin to describe how amazing the restaurants were. But that's where the good stops. Their customer service was TERRIBLE! Apart from a few nice individuals at the concierge desk, everyone there was extremely RUDE and unhelpful. As much as I loved the hotel they made my stay less than pleasant and I will most likely not be coming back.
We stayed in the Tower Suites at the Encore. Rooms are beautiful, nicely appointed (though I agree with the reviewer who noted that Wynn really cheaped out by not allowing you to even use the refrigerator without a fee). Soap and amenities are nice, not fabulous. Bed is to die for and I love the curtains that you can operate from the bed. Rooms are clean and comfortable with lots of drawer space. The staff is nothing short of spectacular and accommodating: they get 5 stars. . . Now..the not so nice:  Initially we were put into a room overlooking the adult pool area and night club. Most of the day and night, despite being on the 26th floor, we were subjected to the bass thump. Most annoying. We mentioned it to the concierge who mentioned it to someone and they moved us to a North-facing suite. Delightful. But seriously, anyone who overlooks the pool will suffer through the techno-beat in the daytime as well as at night. Also, Wynn is clearly trying to attract the young, trust-funder or otherwise Red-Bull-fueled, trucker-hat-wearing, recently-rich crowd with lots of money and absolutely no class. I mean, I enjoy a drink (or more) and a good time but this crowd was so bad the hotel personnel had to apologize for their behavior to other, less inebriated clientele. I felt bad for the staff having to put up with their behavior while still being polite. And I hate to think of the mess they must leave in the rooms. Eww. I can understand wanting that demographic to blow their parents' money or their recently earned tech/oil/etc money in your hotel, but really can they not have an "adults only" experience? And I don't mean x-rated, but you know, adult. . . Take-away: If you want a 5 star experience, don't stay here. The hotel suites and staff are 5-star, the clientele they cater to is strictly B-movie/in-your-face/porn star.
Encore was really nice...the room is very spacious and the view was overlooking the golf course.. We love all of the cool remote controls, ha ha..and love the flat screen TV that does a 180.  Nice amenities, big bathroom, plush towels...all that you expect our of Las Vegas.. . One really BAD thing is there are no restaurant on the property late at night!!!  What???  This is Las Vegas where no one sleeps!  If you want to eat late, the only option is room service...really did not like that!  That costs them a star!
The internet is telling me that Encore is consistently compared to other young luxury Vegas hotels like Cosmo and Aria, but I disagree. I had a great time at Encore for Labor Day weekend but as a backdrop to a vacation there are better options. For reference, my top priorities for a trip to vegas are 1.) Party 2.) Get ready to party in a comfortable environment 3.) Food to fuel party time: fine dining + casual.. . The lobby decor was an assault on my eyes. Seriously, it's just awful. Butterflies and dragonflies were the theme here, scrawled over the carpets and in huge glittery formations on the walls. Red was the statement color. Between the dragonflies and the red, it seems likely that Steve Wynn was going for an Eastern theme but it ended up looking garish. . . The panoramic suite was huge, which is a major plus when you're sharing it with four girls. In fact, I thought that it was the best thing about Encore. There's tons of room to spread out makeup, clothes, hair tools, and whatever else you bring. The security locker was really small-- not a box like most hotels but a slim cabinet that had trouble fitting two iPads and five wallets. The contents of the locker came tumbling out every time it was opened. There was a standard display of snacks and a "lovemaking kit" available for a charge if removed for more than 60 seconds, but even the refrigerator was off limits. You can't store leftovers or drinks in there for any amount of time because it's also weight-sensitive. I thought that was pretty cheap. The room was adequately clean and well-stocked but not pristine... there was gold paint chipping off the mirrors and the tops of some surfaces had collected dust. . . It seemed like there aren't as many casual restaurants at Encore as there are at other hotels. The closest place to pick up a sandwich is at a cafe at the Wynn. My party did check out Botero. My petite filet was cooked to a perfect medium-rare but the flavor of the meat wasn't noteworthy, especially compared to the Chicago steakhouses I'm used to. I did love the three sauces that came alongside it. I had a bite of my friend's ribeye and it was definitely better. We ordered a lot of side dishes-- mushrooms, corn cakes, mashed potatoes, tater nuggets-- and they were all tasty. . . I will note that the dayclub music was very audible from the room. Our room was located on the 31st floor, overlooking the pools and the music started around 11 am. . . For the club scene, we checked out Encore Beach Club two days in a row. The guest list, even on a holiday weekend, was really short. And I loved that they had free water jugs and cups for those waiting in line. Take note, Daylight (even though I had more fun at that club). Drinks and food were super expensive, but that's to be expected. I think a watermelon mojito was $18. Pitchers were $90. Two orders of chicken tenders and fries, a Caesar salad, and a Coke came to $59. Oh, Vegas. I've been to Surrender before and wouldn't return. Most of the club is outdoors with only a small indoor space that houses the DJ. And of course there's XS, which is fun but it seems to get even more dangerously packed than other Vegas clubs.. . I'm staying at Cosmo next time.
I wish I could give more stars but this hotel falls down on service and comfort. The mattress in our room was a lumpy, back cramping mess more suitable for an opium den than a Panoramic King Suite in one of Vegas' best hotels. Staff attentiveness and friendliness is inconsistent. The dealers were a miserable lot in general. The front desk girl at check in was great. Wait staff at the various in house restaurants ranged from sullen and incompetent to cheerful and on-the-spot. Sometimes the front lobby staff will open the door for you and sometimes they won't. My 4' 11" girlfriend who's suffering from a back and shoulder injury noted difficulty getting through the heavy front doors on one of the days I wasn't with her. C'mon guys! Smile and open the f'ing door for your guests. . Other than all that, it's a great, albeit pricey, place in a location on the strip that I prefer. I've stayed twice but I will shop around before I book again.
swanky vegas resort with modern feel
