Sausage, sausage, sausage, and Sauerkraut.. . Not a big fan, unless you're a fan of sausage and sauerkraut.. . It was a very loud environment with a live band, and the ladies/waitress were slapping ppl in the a$$ with a wooden paddles. If you like that, drop on by!!. . I will pass ;)
If Yelp permitted 3.5 stars, I think is place is worthy of them.. . Actually, I take that back, the number of stars really depends on the purpose of your visit. For German mastication, 1 star is plenty. The food is mediocre at best and I've left hungry after each of the two times I ate food here. I'm a big guy, but there are entree salads I've had elsewhere that are much more filling than the schnitzel plates I ate here. The food isn't inedible, but there are far better places in town for authentic and filling german fare.. . Now, for a rowdy night of beer drinking and paddling, this place earns 4 stars. Steins of light and dark house beer are rampant as is the stereotypical German drinking songs performed by whoever is on stage. As for the house beers, I prefer the dark; flavorful, aromatic and just bitter enough to turn me away from vodka for the evening. If not, there's always Jager to fall back on. Watch out for the ladies with paddles and either avoid them or give them a holler, depending on how red you'd like your bottom to be at the end of the evening.. . All in all, if a night of beers and watching others getting their groove on in full lederhosen is what you crave, this is the place to be.
If i could I'd give it a 3.5 stars. . The place has that comfort feel of your local bar where everybody's family. You never know who is going to sit next to, the local, the out of towner or a man and his family from Austria.. . I have been to the original one in Germany and when I heard they opened one in Vegas I had to come and check it out. We ended up sitting next to a family that had originally came from Austria and when we go to talking and he found that I had stopped in his country for a time being we became the best of friend, or maybe the yager helped us become friends. Never the less we enjoyed dinner and drinks by the pint. Go to their website to find out when they have bands playing thats the best time to go. The MC is constantly interacting with the guest to play various game, or just to see how your trip is going. . . If your looking for a quite place to wine and dine this is not the joint. If you wanna drink, dance while standing in your seat this is the spot
Food was good atmosphere was good beer was cold. The German potato salad was good the sauerbraten was just ok the potato pancakes were excellent and hot (warmth). The best part of the meal was the pretzel with the three types of dip. The schnitzel was great. I would go back next time in Vegas!
This is definitely a tourist trap, which can be a good or bad thing. There's really nothing else like this place in Las Vegas so there's that. And they have really huge beer mugs, and the live music can be fun.. . But, after you've been here a few times, the novelty definitely wears off. You start to realize that the beers are priced easily twice what you should be paying, the food options are pretty bleak, and the music....meh, it gets a bit old.. . Last time I wanted to go, it was a Saturday night and I knew it would be packed out so I made a reservation. Got there, followed the hostess in and what do you know, she seats my party at the one table that is furthest away from anything, a straight diagonal across the room from the stage. And there were a ton of empty tables that were closer! Her reasoning was absurd! So after one beer and a food order that they couldn't even get right, I summoned a manager and complained. She too, was perplexed as to why we were seated in the back, with a reservation. She took our food item off the ticket and apologized, which was nice, but the damage was done. So we finished our first and only round and left. Sad though, because it could've turned into a long night and a hefty tab, but I'm sure they didn't miss it because this place will always fill up with tourists like me.
good for big groups of drunken-prone people. lots of beer, decent food, fun times.. not the original, but will deliver on a fun evening.
Nice place to visit to remind you how good the real thing was.  Best to go on the weekends as thats when the schweinshaxe is served.
Ok, I have been to the real one in Munich several times and I have to say that it is my favorite place in the world to sit with friends, eat some good food and have the best beer in the world! The Hofbrauhaus in Las Vegas is a fun place to take some friends and I would recommend it to most people, but it does fall short of the original Hofbrauhaus in Munich, Germany. . . First, the bad: its pricey!!! $15 for a beer? In Germany it was less then $6 (US) but its Vegas and they are selling an experience so I get it. It cost us $180 for 4 people to eat dinner... wow, but again its Vegas. My only issue with the price is that the servers don't come around all that often so you must flag them down when you see them or you may not get another chance. Also, I didn't appreciate that after the 2nd refill on her Iced Tea my friend was told she would be charged for the next one? Seriously? At these prices she should be able to drink as much Tea as she wants. . . The Good: Its a fun party environment. Especially on the weekend! I love the euro style dining experience in the main hall because as you drink and sing along with the band (which can be a little loud) you can't help but to meet some interesting people. The garden section is also available for the more intimate dining experience and isn't nearly as loud!  Also, the food is very true to the dining experience we had in Germany. Was it as good as Munich? Maybe not, but how many German places can you find in Vegas? Fact: Google lists 7! HB, Cafe Eidalvice (SP) and 5 Weinerschnitzels... so it was good enough! . . Overall its a fun place to go every now and then, but you can also find a better dining experience for the money (think Mortons). As a substitute for flying to Munich, its totally worth it.
This is a hard one to review.. . Whether you like it or not will be depend on what you're looking for when you walk in the door.  We were seated in the main dining hall and I have to say that place is LOUD.  Its not a good place to have a conversation - as a matter of fact I applaud you if you can actually have a conversation over all that noise.  Even when the band isn't playing its noisy.  I was at the end of the table and had to have others repeat what the waitress was saying because I couldn't hear her from 6 feet away.. . That being said its definately a fun drinking place.  The band mostly played German beer hall songs but sometimes they'd sneak in a Sweet Caroline or a Jimmy Buffett song. . . We were a party of 6; we all ordered different things and we all were happy with our meals.  I'm not a beer drinker so I didn't sample anything but there seemed to be a good selection.. . As others have said, it can be pricy depending on what you order.  I had a chicken sandwich and iced tea and my bill (incl tip) was just over $27.. . Its not somewhere you'd go often but it definately has its place among eating establishments.
I was expecting such an experience and while I can say I will never forget my lunch there, I also will never return.  . . Everything we had was incredibly heavy. Doused in dressing and thick sauces, it all tasted so fattening and yet somehow, flavorless.  The pretzel was probably the best thing we ordered with a "cheese" and two mustards. I put the cheese in parentheses because it tasted more like cream cheese than cheese. We shared the curry wurst to start as well. Long hot-dogs covered in a curry sort of ketchup. I liked the flavor of the ketchup, but its all so heavy and greasy that it was hard for me to move beyond that. The fries tasted like something that came out of a bad cafeteria. . . The space is pretty impressive and feels like a college dining hall. Long rectangular tables make great fun for large parties ready to embark on a German dining excursion. The best part of the lunch was when our waitress with the board she used to bring us shot glasses paddled my friends. They spank was so hard itechoed throughout the entire place.. . Overall, this isn't really the type of experience I want when going to Vegas, so I probably won't return. If you know someone who is found of German food and beer, bring them here and they will love you forever. Bring someone who is on a diet and they will likely try to kill you before the meal is over...
Definitely an entertaining experience.. The service was OK. . The beer was very good, but the food.... a bit disappointing.. Hofbrauhaus Platte: salty... if you like it salty you would like it.. The potato dumplings and the red cabbage were horrible... tasteless for the dumplings and super sour for the red cabbage.. Apfelstrudel: the pastry was not cooked well.. . Their cheesecake was amazing though.... Here it is: Go there for PORK & BEER ONLY.
I have mixed feelings about the Hofbrauhaus.  It's a very social bar, but it's loud.  There is live music, and beer, and decent food.  However, the food is overpriced, and the beer is uninteresting for a craft beer geek like myself.  . . We went to celebrate the departure of a coworker.  I had a glass of dunkel, and a glass of the lager.  The dunkel just didn't have enough flavor for me.  I preferred the lager.  I also had a $15 poached sausage.  For two sausages and a pretzel, it just wasn't worth it.  Sure, the imported mustard was good, but not worth the price.  In fact, for 14 people, our total bill was $750.  . . I think next time we will try to go somewhere worth that kind of money to spend.  It is a fun place, that is for sure.  You can buy a shot of Jagger, and you'll get spanked along with it.  All things considered though, I would just rather go somewhere else to drink beer and have a good time with friends.
I can't say alot about it, because we didn't eat or drink there.  We just went in for a hot second to check it out.  It was loud, not what I expected at all.  Picknic style tables.   And I guess if you order this shot, you get your butt slapped with this paddle........ummmmmm, I think I will be going to jail if they hit me with that paddle!  I guess it's all in fun for the people that order it....but if they hit me.......it's on, and I will be asking my fellow yelpers to post to post my bond!  lol lol
End of September is the start of Oktoberfest and it is only right to stop by Las Vegas' most popular Bavarian eatery. The large communal dining area are filled with tables and benches. Unless you come with a large party, there is a chance that you will sit next to random strangers. This style of dining has seriously caught my interest as of late because I am always interested in other patrons thought on menu items. . . The waitresses are all dressed up in country style outfits. Looking around, they reminded me of a more natural attractive look than places on the strip. Our waitress was pushy in a playful way and quick to guide us to some of their most popular dishes. . . The beers and food are on the pricey side. They highly rely on their touristy appeal. With the prices comes a relatively large portion as well. We started with two half liters of the Oktoberfest beer and their signature soft pretzel with a sweet mustard, spicy mustard, and a cheese spread made from cream cheese and brie. This was magnificent. At first, I was hesitant because the size of our neighbors pretzel was huge. I did not want to load up on unnecessary carbs, but once it hit our table, it stood no chance. . . Once the doughy treat was devoured, we ordered the three pork sausages served with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes. The warm pickled cabbage was good, but the mash had very little flavor besides cream. The pork sausages were mild and tender. . . I am normally not a fan of this cuisine because it is on the heavy side. Splitting an appetizer and an entree was enough for two of us. There was no real big complaints about the experience, but it was just ok.
This place is dece.
Great atmosphere, great beer, average food!. . Went here with a large group and had a blast. The huge beers were a big hit with the group (Bunch of Germans). As was the spankings! LOL! I personally enjoyed the dunkel but, to each their own taste when it comes to beer.. . The staff was attractive, attentive and personable. The band, while kind of cheesy, was fun and enjoyable. The food, not bad, typical American German beer garden fare. Couldn't tell you exactly what it was that we ate as it was already ordered for the group but, we had the pretzels (Damn good), a sliced meat plate (ehh) a sausage plate (so so, some of them looked like hot dogs) and the struesel (too many beers to remember how it tasted).. . All in all a good time and I would recomend anyone to give it a shot.
Great for big groups! The food is well massively produced, somewhat bland, but try the 3 tier taster. It has different sausages. But mainly go for the beer!
I'm not quite sure how to rate this.  In Germany this food would be 2 star food at best.  Add on another star for the live music.  IF you've never been to the real one, this is 4 or 5 stars.
Good service, sweet waitress, food was horrible and over-priced. Do not get the potato pancakes they taste like they were frozen and than heated up, cheap Motts applesauce for a topper. Beer was good but still expensive!
I lived in Germany for 6 years, and I love my German food. I know the owners put a lot of effort into the place, but I just can't dig it.. . Hofbrauhaus Vegas is a great place to celebrate a birthday raucously. The Jaeger girls will gladly spank birthday boys, and the band usually makes the bachelorettes and birthday girls enjoy a special Alpenhorn (the things from the Ricola commercials) concert up close and personal. If you're up for fun and things that are supposed to be slightly embarrassing, this is the place. Just don't expect to have a conversation - the place echoes like the dickens.. . The interior is a good replica of the original, but without the spurs of years of smoke and habitation. There walls are a warm color, and there's German-style painting near and on the ceiling. The stage plays host to German bands on the weekends. It's not unusual to see a few German couples dancing the Disco Fox to "Living Next Door to Alice" or "Ein Bett im Kornfeld." The band plays a mix of German and English pop, so don't be scared off by a few German titles.. . The "beer garden" area doesn't echo as much, and it's a much more relaxed atmosphere. It's not actually outside, though, which is slightly disappointing.. . Usually, the food is excellent, but at my most recent meal, the red cabbage, my favorite German food, was spicy, as if someone had added Siracha. I couldn't even eat it. Sad panda! The potato pancakes with salmon were excellent, and the salmon was fresh and sushi-quality.. . There's valet parking, but most folks usually park across the street at Walgreens. Between the parking, the noise, and now the spicy red cabbage, I'd recommend other places.
I think I wrote a review a few years ago when we dined here, but here it goes again. Once again, it's terrible as far as noise goes, the high ceiling with it's concaved domes seem to amplify conversations by 90%. The place was less than 1/4 full and the wall of noise is deafening. They are even piping in muzak of some kind when the Ommp pa pa music isn't playing. The food is good, but kind of overpriced for what it is. Seems dinner entress are about $19.95 a plate. The genuine beer from Munich is really a treat, but I can't even tell my wife I like the beer without having to yell! Maybe I can text a conversation with her the next time I dine there?
I would say that the food here is just ok...a lot of it seems like it is pre-made. Most people come here for the Hofbrau Hefe-Weitzen on tap which cannot be found many places in the United States. . . I really like the fact that they have a beer hall (very loud) and a beer garden (more quiet)
Big portions of German beer hall type foods - wursts, snitzels, and lots and lots of beer.. . Buy a shot and get a free paddling!. . Loud community type dining hall.  Good place to have fun if you get drunk.
You really have to be in the mood for this place.  And if you are in the mood, be prepared to face a monster bill.  . . I've been here 4 times, and every time the main hall has been super noisy.  Partly because of the band and partly because of the general rowdiness.  The beer garden is much more subdued, but kind of defeats the point.  . . Usually I only come here for going away parties or because out of towners want to celebrate all that is Vegas.  In my experience, the servers really push the large beers and shots, with spankings, which are about $7 a piece.  Let me explain.. . A shot girl, or your server if you prefer, will bring you a shot of apple schnapps or Jager on a paddle.  You drink the shot and then they hit you in the ass with the paddle a few times.  . . It's actually more organized than you would think.  The servers have always been meticulous about how the "patron" bends over to take their spanking, arm position, no wallets, etc. So, if the person is drunk, it takes a good five minutes to get them in the right position to get them spanked.  Usually about three spankings are given, but I've seen them do more if they don't think they hit you hard enough.  If everyone is in a fun-loving and/or abusive mood, then the spankings will add up (and the tips given to the spankers) pretty quickly.. . Lots of songs, lots of singing, lots of stein holding contests and beer chugging contests.  Things can get ugly fast.  The restrooms are small, which seems incompatible with the excessive alcohol consumption encouraged, but I haven't seen any mishaps either. . . Food is ok.  We usually get the giant pretzels with cheese whiz.  Nothing special. . . Gratuity is always added onto the bill.  It's pretty obvious on the bill and the servers have always let us know, but that's something to remember in case your party is too drunk to listen or read.  Only go here if you are in a good mood and ready to have a good time.  Poopy pants will ruin it for everyone.
Food was quite good, nice sausages, killer potato soup (definitely order this if you're looking for a good meal, the potato soup alone is worth schlepping over from the strip to this place). . . Nice waitstaff, but 'service' is abnormally slow, even at off-peak hours. We watched one waitress flirt nearly continuously with a single table of patrons, as two other waitresses managed multiple tables (one appeared to have a majority of them and was doing the best she could while the other two were focused on some tables with heavy, heavy drinking going on). . . Basically it looked like the more you drink, the more attention you'll get from the waitstaff. Which I suppose makes sense, as that's where they're going to make most of their money as the booze aint cheap. . . Noisy as well. . . I've also been one previous time and have seen the house band. If you want a (relatively) quiet dinner while they're playing, you'll need to go to the beer garden. If you want to get rip roaringly drunk and don't care about making an &ss out of yourself in public, then go for the main room and try to get there when the band is playing. Their schedule is on the website.
The iconic Hofbrahaus is well known to any long time vegas resident. It's that beautiful white building on the corner of paradise and harmon. For those of you who haven't been there, let me tell you what to expect.. It's beautiful on the inside as well-- designed to look like a real german (or Austrian?) beer house. There are large painted pillars abound and a blissfully peaceful looking beer garden in the back. The waitresses all wear authentic german garb and the gift shop offers large glass steins for sale. . First off, let me tell you that the food is not fantastic. Even if you are a bratwurst fan, I don't think you'll be blown away by the cuisine-- but i suppose that depends on your tastes. I'm not impressed with their pretzel or any of their chicken dishes either. It's not terrible but it just isn't that great. Of course, you don't really come to this place for the food.. Then there is the service, which again, isn't really that great. The waitresses are a step up above the ones who work at Hooters but not quite as competent as those working at your local family style chain restaurant. They tend to be painfully slow and often mix up orders when bringing them back to the table. . And of course, the actual beer. It's good quality brew but it doesn't really impress me either. I've had their lager, dark ale, and hefeweizen. I'm begrudged to admit that their hefeweizen is hardly better than the Widmer you can buy at your local Albertsons or Wal-Mart. But you could argue that you really don't come here for the beer either-- you're here for the package it comes in. . This is one of the most fun environments for a moderate to large group that you can find in Vegas. The live band plays plenty of recognizable tunes for singing along with,  the birthday boy/girl is encouraged to drink from Das Boot (ala Beer Fest), the drinking games on stage are tons of fun and of course, there is MC Johannes. Johannes may well be the funniest man of german descent ever to grace to earth.  His crude sense of humor tends to play better with the male dominated audience but I'm sure the ladies appreciate him as well. His comedy is mostly off the cuff, as can be observed by the way he interacts with the various patrons. Anytime a member of your partner is interacting with Johannes, you can expect to find yourself bursting out in laughter. . The bill unforunately, is not so funny. You'll find that their food is overpriced and their beer isn't really that affordable either. Still, the birthday boy/girl will be overjoyed that you treated them to this place so it ultimately is worth it. Come here for the beer, stay for the atmosphere.
Comes for the beer and stay for the...beer! Okay, this is a fun place to come to and be rowdy. The vibe is lively and fun and the entertainers do a good job engaging the patrons. It is definitely not a quiet dinner and conversation type of place, so don't come here expecting to really carry on any deep and meaningful conversations. The strength lies in the beer and the experience. The food is really marginal at best and the prices are at about $20 a plate. I probably won't have food when I go back, but will indulge in a liter stein of beer..or four!
Pretty expensive, and if you like to drink a lot, you're going to drop some serious coin.  But all in all not a bad place to get away from the strip for a bit.  The amount of fun you have at this place will probably be directly correlated with how many people you are with.
If you are staying on the strip, it's kind of a pain to come out here. We took a cab on a Saturday afternoon and I was expecting it to be very lively but it was very mild. It was half filled and no one seemed to be in the spirit. Mainly couples and some groups of guys. The beer was so good though. The food was so rich nobody in our party felt good after wards. I honestly would have just been happy splitting one of their delicious pretzels.
Echoing Holly C. if you're not in the mood for total German beer hall complete with German beer girls who will spank patrons for a fee...head elsewhere.. . The food is fine, nothing to rave about. Portions are generous, enough to split. Volume is shouting level. Seating is beer hall style, long communal benches. Off the Strip, so head here if you just want a beer hall experience or you happen to be staying close by (Hard Rock).
We enjoyed lunch here on a Sunday.. . We arrived early (11:20) and for the most part, the restaurant was empty.. . Even though it was early they had a performer playing some music as a one-man-band that was quite enjoyable.. . The meals are huge and delicious.  My wife and I split the combo platter and everything was wonderful.  The sauerkraut is exceptional and mild just the way we like it.  We ordered a second helping of that.. . We did not like the children's menu:  Hot dog or Butter noodles.  That's it?!?!. . Also, it took an extremely long time to get our check once we were finished.  It took so long that my wife and daughter had time to visit the gift shop, purchase a cook book and hat, and return to the table where I still waited for the check.. . The atmosphere is beautiful yet simple.  The tall ceiling and arches reminds me of the real Hofbrauhaus in Munich.  . . The exterior is very grand.  It's situated on the corner directly across from the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino.. . I'll return.
Beer was good! Food was okay. A little overpriced. But you're paying for the atmosphere, which is very loud, but rowdy and fun...
This place is incredibly fun - there is live music, a rambunctious host (the band), and it's true that the busty server ladies there deliver paddlings where needed. . . The beer and food are good, just very expensive. I had the pretzel, which came with two types of mustard and beer cheese, as well as the Hefeweitzen. I think my total was around $26 for that including tip, so I'd suggest going somewhere else to continue your drinking. (in this case, Quinn's).
Went here for lunch it was slow. And you'd think since its early people would be happier to help you but our waitress was kinda cranky. At least the food was good. the portion was kind of small for me. This coming from someone that eats very little. The pretzel that came with the meal was big. It is a try once if you are in Vegas.
The atmosphere is great, but the food is only so-so.  Great place to drink a beer and watch a grown man get spanked.
Having lived in Germany for six years in my younger years, I've always scoffed a bit at cheesy German brew houses outside of Germany that come across as some odd German-themed Disneyland. . . Star 1: How was the service and atmosphere?. . Friendly, yes, and the food came relatively quickly, butI was admittedly a bit miffed by the "show". Yes, at times the dining atmosphere during Oktoberfest can loosely resemble the show you see at Hofbrauhaus, but this is very rarely the case. That having been said, I think you come to Hbh knowing what you're getting yourself into, and knowing what you're paying for. Star Granted.. . Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?. . Why is it that German food has been turned into this expensive anomaly everywhere outside of the homeland? Schnitzle? Fries? Spaetlze? This isn't expensive stuff, so as you can imagine, I was a bit deterred by the $30 price tag on my Pepper Steak with Wedges:. . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=dZXCmhBNt2XPcZeuIMwnjg&userid=OKX-V5j_qfuOebeHeWGrHg. . That's an awful lot to pay for a dish that was 50% gravy. No Star Granted.. . Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?. . The Pepper Steak was without question good, but I couldn't help but feel as though a vast majority of the flavor was coming from the gravy as opposed to the actual steak. Single Star Granted.. . Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?. . I love love love love love German Food, but if you're jacking up your prices because of a carnival-esk atmosphere as opposed to food quality, you're doing it wrong. No Star Granted.
It looks just like the Hofbrau Haus in Munich. I think the only Germans in the place were in the band! Service was good. Music was good. Beer was good. The food was another matter. My wife's Jager Schnitzel was so tough you could barely cut it with a knife. The sauerkraut with my wurst plate was bland and over cooked. The mashed potatoes tasted like they were made from a mix. We definitely had better German food.
Something Different in Vegas. . I was here with a group of guys for dinner and drinks, about 15 of us. This was a part of a bachelor party weekend. . . This place was recommended by some of my co-workers who have been here for bachelor party events before. . . Considering that the bachelor was a big party / fraternity boy in college, we though the place would be a great fit with the beer, singing, games, and paddles. . . Half of our group were in a fraternity before and half were not. I think the fraternity guys enjoyed it a bit more. The bachelor loved it. . . Overall the experience was cool and it was like a big party in there. The staff try hard to make it fun but its not for everyone. . . The drinks were good and the food was on point. A lot of sausage and potatoes. . . Worth a visit at least once.
The atmosphere at Hofbrauhaus is good, but the food was not as good as its Munich joint.
Not bad: feels very much like the Munich original (albeit that is a little tourist kitsch itself).. . Be aware that means quite a noisy environment, and communal tables.. . But the service was good, the Jagerschnitzel and Spatzl I choose were generously proportioned and well prepared, and the beer was fine.
We stayed near the strip for my husband's birthday so I wanted to go to a place we wouldn't normally go to. I chose about 3 to 4 possibilities. My husband liked the idea of eating at Hofbrauhaus so we decided to give it a try even though I knew this place is better for big groups. We walked in to people on the table with their beer in hand singing their hearts out! I thought "Oh cool!" . I was secretly glad the hostess led us to the quieter beer garden though. I just wanted a semi peaceful evening!. . It was a nice size space and it looked like we were sitting outside. The ceiling was painted with a beautiful blue sky and there were cute  lanterns hovering around us.  They also have freelance photographers who walk around offering to take souvenir photos of you . We bought one since we were celebrating Jon's birthday.  If sentimental gestures are not your thing they have shot girls who will give you shots while smacking your bottom with a wooden paddle! . Some of the ladies really get into it they kind of do a three step jog then swing! We were fine just watching. It was pretty entertaining to watch while you wait for your food.. . The food comes out really quick so there isn't really a wait time. I was pleasantly  surprised because the place was packed. We started off with the Creamy Bavarian Potato soup. It was too salty for me so I just had a couple of spoons of it. We also ordered the Jumbo Complete which was a big pretzel served with "Obatzer" cheese, sweet mustard and onion mustard. The sweet mustard was my favorite! The pretzel was also too salty for me so I just tried to avoid eating the outside of the pretzel. I had the Schnitzel Wiener Art for my main entree . It is a breaded pork cutlet that is served with Bavarian potato salad and cranberry sauce. It looked like a big chicken patty. The taste was okay but I think I would have liked it better if I dipped it in the mustard rather than the cranberry sauce. The potato salad I was expecting to taste amazing because they specialize in this type of cuisine but it was unremarkable. The strudel is amazing here though! It was so soft and tasted wonderful! . . This is a nice place to go out with friends and have a few beers. I would go back again but I would order different items off the menu. I would keep my dessert the same though!
If you LOVE  beer this is the place to go!  I am not into drinking gallons of beer, nor standing on tables singing at the top of my lungs, and definitely not into sharing my table with people who are!   That said, the food is just ok - could be more on that plate for being so overpriced!  I love German food and can cook it better in my own kitchen.  And, what's with that spanking?  Ridiculous!  Keep it in the bedroom not by my dinner plate!  BUT, if you are that frat  boy breaking out as an adult and feel the need to express yourself while making an a** of yourself in public, then this is the place for you!  Fun, fun, fun!  OM PA OM PA!
This place is really dark and noisy! Great if you're looking to have fun and party with some friends! The beer is awesome and come in gigantic mugs the size of my head. I had the vegan sausage which was alright! It was a fun first experience but I would probably never return unless my friends begged. Also I think you could pay to be spanked with a paddle! I told you it's a good time ;P This place is a go for a good time, but a no for good German food.
Simple German food in a great environment. Great service and music entertainment. The food, being what it is, is quite bland for the American palate, so you should know that going in. The big downfall of this place is the ridiculous almost crazy prices. The prices here are not just a bit over, they are NUTS. Absolutely downright madness...even in a city where things are expensive. (I don't recall the Hofbrauhaus outside of Cincy being this bloated in price.) 19$ for a plate of fried fish (and gross, super cheap Tilapia on top of that), 16$ for a couple chicken sausages...The beer is also pricey but not as off as the food. 13.99 for a pretzel and some side fixings. Yes it was a giant pretzel, but that is ridonkulous that it's so ridiculous. I'd say come here for a beer, share a pretzel or an entree and scoot if you REALLY want to come here. Otherwise you will spend a boatload on very simply flavored food!!
Very fun place, great for groups, a little hard to hear if on a date, but very lively and fully of the usualy Germna energy.  Very Similar to the Original in Munich, which I've been to a few times.Good German Music, good beer, good pretzels.  I have been a couple times now, and would recommend just sampling appetizers and beers.  I always rate german places based on the snitchel, and this one wasn't that good.  I think is was too light and baked, not fried.. --RibChamp
We came in on a wednesday afternoon and wanted to get some beers and snacks.. I was surprised that they only had three beers, but I guess that's just the Hofbrauhaus way.  I had wanted to try a range of German beers, but three was what we had to choose from.  The wheat was probably the best, but nothing to come back for.. . We got this great food sampler the server recommended for us.. Two pretzels, two mustards, tons fo sauerkraut, and maybe 5 or 6 different sausages.. The pretzels did not taste super fresh, but were quite good. . The sausages were amazing.. . All in all, I don't feel a need to return, which is a shame, but it was a fun experience and I would recommend trying it if you haven't.
I really enjoyed the jovial atmosphere here and the food is solid. I had the sausage served with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut. Some of the sausages were great but others were just OK. The sauerkraut though was just beautiful. I'd call it new sauerkraut because it was less fermented than normal which made it very pleasant to eat on its own. I think the food is reasonably priced, expect $20 an entree, given the added cost of the semi elaborate accompanying atmosphere.. . Now while the atmosphere was fun, I'd prefer if the live music matched the theme of the restaurant a bit more. Hearing songs like the U.S. national anthem and other U.S. classics was kind of odd in a place this strongly German themed. The beers were great, and the waitresses gave out incredibly entertaining paddle spankings with the purchase of a shot. It's fun! -- but it could be better.
The food is good and service has always been great. You must have the beers to have a complete experience.
If you judge this place based on the atmosphere of the original location in Munich, this place actually does a pretty good job.. . Parking is available in the back, but the lot isn't the biggest.  We ended up parking at the Hyatt next door (signage seemed to indicate it was allowed but I can't be sure).. . While waiting in front, there's a bar area where you can chill over a beer or two, or browse the souvenir shop.. . The main dining room of this location is noticeably smaller than its German big brother, but they did a lot of work painting the interior to match the real deal.  Special mention goes to the ceiling artwork.  The back of the hall has an "outdoor" dining room that is quite stunning.  It's fully indoors, but the sky-painted ceilings and decor really make you think you're dining on a patio.  This outdoor room is reserved for special occasions though.. . There was a football match the day we went, so they had TVs wheeled out.. . There's this one guy hired to play the alpenhorn, and he was go around making sure everyone was slightly drunk and happy.  Not the same as the real band in Munich, but he kept us all amused.. . Beers are available in 0.3L, 0.5L, and 1.0L varieties.  Hopefully you know your metric.  One great thing about weissbier (wheat beer) is that it goes down easy.  There are different varieties for you to try as well.  And for the most authentic experience, you obviously want the biggest glass.  I don't even think they have the smaller ones in Germany, but that was a few years back.. . Food is quite delightful and quite authentic, but not for everyone.  Many of the foods are pickled.  The sausages were decent but a bit on the mushy side.  But I really enjoyed their pickled beet salad (mush?) and sauerkraut - both quite good.. . Service was prompt and very friendly.  Wi-Fi is available, but it was quite spotty.. . The only thing is that this place can get pricey really quickly.  At some $20 a dish and $10 for a beer, you can see how this can get expensive if you have a family.. . Of course, at the end, be sure to swing by the souvenir shop if you didn't do so at the beginning.  Much of the swag doesn't say "Las Vegas" on it, so if you wanted to trick someone into thinking you went to Germany... . Overall, a fun time.  Not exactly what you'd experience as a tacky tourist in Germany, but actually quite close.
Good sausages and food in general. Not spectacular but good.. . Professional service.. . Terribly limited selection of beers. And the few available are not so good.. . Not so great dessert options, and the few available are not so great.. . So expensive compared to what you get!. . Overall this place is fine. Not bad, not great, just fine
This place has a festive environment and tasty beer but the food is rather poor.  I would not come back to eat here but simply to enjoy the ambiance of the crowd.
Good food and very attentive staff.  I agree with other reviewers, though.  The prices are steep for what you're getting and the beer options could be more diverse than light, medium and dark.
I moved to the United States from The Fatherland in 1973 and was raised on German food. Time and time again I crave the taste of Germany and the Hofbrauhaus makes a noble attempt. All in all the food is good but it is lacking a little in flavor.  The staff did a good job. As expected, the beer was good and the entertainment was, well, entertaining.
The decor was fun and the beer was good.  The costumes were entertaining and the atmosphere was enjoyable.  My waitress was attentive and nice.  Overall it was a fun evening and I had a good time.  I would go back to this restaurant with a group of friends but the volume is high enough that I would avoid taking anyone I wanted to have a good conversation with.  . . That said there were some issues.  . . First:  The music when we showed up was really fun.  It wasn't authentic seeming but it was good party music.  They did have a little tribute with an alphorn that the band members carried from table to table.  Then the band took a break and when they came back the music style swapped from accordions to guitars and they began playing music that really did not fit the pre-break atmosphere.  I also felt it was inappropriate when they asked everyone to stand for the national anthem, it is not Veteran's day or Memorial day and I did not go to a Bavarian/German restaurant to be invaded by US politics.  Really....if you're gonna play an anthem, at least play one from Germany.  . . Second:  The food was mediocre at best.  There was very little sauerkraut on the plate and the sausages were somewhat bland.  I ordered a pretzel and it came from the kitchen half frozen.  Presentation of the plate was poor and unappealing.  I really did enjoy the darker beer though.  . . Third:  Price.  At 20$ each, I would expect a lot more in both quality and presentation.
The prices are a little high but you do get large portions . Great atmosphere and good beer. The potato salad was awesome . My jagersnitzel was a bit tough but full of flavor. Spaetzel was very good. The large pretzel was not as hot as I would like but the mustards were yummy . We did not really like the whipped cheese spread had a off taste. All in all I would say  give it a try
Lay off the salt in the food and we'd be 4 stars. Had the goulash and spetzle and the goulash was way too salty. Other than that, awesome atmosphere and fantastic beer. I'd certainly come back for the beer, but might hesitate to eat here again. I've had better German food elsewhere.
Uhhh....My friends dragged me here for lunch (they both went to the original restaurant in Germany, so they wanted to revisit their experience at my expense). Being in a city with such amazing food options, we came here and I am not too thrilled when I reflect upon it. . . I don't drink, so I was not enticed by the massive beers they give. The lemonade I had was horrible. I could taste the syrup and I felt as if I was drinking lemon flavored cough syrup. The food was heavy and not good by any means. I ordered a chicken sandwich, but I tried the more traditional meals my friends ordered. Not happy with either. . . The only upside was the one man band and the occasional spankings when people would buy shots. My buddy was spanked really HARD and in some way I believe it was the universal paying him back for bringing me here. . . Germans might make some cool looking cars, but I'm not impressed by the food. Maybe there is something better in Deutschland, but I have yet to try it.
I'm not usually into places like this but when in Rome.... . Atmosphere was cray cray! Huge dining hall, decent food, loud loud loud ass band...not sure I understood any of it. You pretty much have to shout at your dining partner. Any time you order a shot you get spanked by the waitress with a wooden paddle. Gulp. . . It was fun for the evening but not a place I could ever get into being a regular...maybe when we live there in a few months and family comes to visit.
Ok... I will just say this. I am of German descent. I love German grub. I love German culture. I love German beer halls. One of the last three things was not on target here =\. . The guy playing the horns, downing beer, singing, while wearing traditional German leather pants was awesome. He definitely helped to liven up the atmosphere. However what made him even better was that he was having people play quarters for prizes, having contests for free beers (I won one, but was about to drive to LA and thus couldn't drink it) and I am sure he has many other things of a similar nature that I missed since we were there at lunch on a Sunday.. . Pro Tip: I know Oktoberfest is going to be awesome here. Bavarian brau haus... ohhh yeah.... . The murals, architecture, beer are all authentic. The food is a bit off though to me. I ordered the Oktoberfest Bratenteller. This is a double dish sauerbraten and pork roast. They each had a different gravy. The sauerbraten comes with a dark brown gravy with a slightly sour note due to the vinegar marinade that it left in for a few days. The meat is tenderized due to the marinating process and is done well. However the taste of the gravy seemed off to me. The pork roast was in a traditional German mushroom gravy. The pork was also tender but the taste wasn't on point to me again. It seemed that the gravy again wasn't like I am used to for most German food.  The pork roast mushroom gravy was also a much lighter shade than I am used to. However what had me crushed as that the spatzle wasn't that good. Spatzle is my most favorite part of German food. It is a noodle that when smothered in gravy is phenomenal. However here I felt it was anything but. =\   . . Pro Tip #2: Most of the items in the gift shop are a weee bit overpriced ;)   so unless money is no object, I bet you can find that stuff cheaper elsewhere.. . Service was kind of funky as well. The fraulein who was serving us, was somewhat inattentive and missed some basic things that the other waitresses did not. The details are what will make or break ya, and she forgot to ask if we wanted straws or lemon in our water when every other table had them delivered that way. She had a preoccupied air and was almost mentally checked out it seemed. . . Pro Tip #3: If you sign up for their online newsletter (on their website), you get free beer coupons!. . Overall, I would come here for the bier, camaraderie, German culture, drinking songs... Heard the pretzels were good as well, but the grub perhaps would be better on a different day/night or perhaps I ordered the wrong item. I also disliked that we got there during lunch time and didn't receive a lunch menu but a dinner menu =\
