So I finally went to XS after like 2 years of saying I would go! I'm soo tardy for the party I know, I know!  I wanted to see what the hype was about since it's been dubbed the hottest, best club in life ever. I went on Christmas Day with my sister. There was a line that was relatively short for XS. We got in line and surprisingly right when we got in line the guy was already checking ID's to go in. Overall between going to the back of the line and stepping foot in the club it was about 10 mintues, not too bad, I was expecting longer. We each paid $20 (grrr) but I guess it's pretty standard for this club that even girls have to pay, which sucks. They lie and say they only have guest lists for Sunday and Monday even though in the past I was on a guest list on a Saturday but I didn't actually go to the club though, so I know that they do have guest lists through promoters.. . Anyhoo, the club is like Tryst x10. Very beautiful of course. The music was mostly house/dance type music that I wasn't too fond of even though there was a sprinkle of hip hop which made me happy. The club was packed even on Christmas Day, so it made me feel better that I was clubbin on what is basically a family holiday! But heck, my parents were in bed anyway!. . Not sure if I would go back, because in essence I just wanted to see what the hype was about. I prefer Tryst personally and would rather go there since it was free and I like the music (Top 40/hip hop mix) better there.
Beautiful club, no doubt.. . I did go on a night where our industry trade show was in town, and my industry happens to be mainly composed of men.  So the guy girl ratio was probably OFF the charts for this club's normal operation, about 50 guys to 1 girl....... no joke!. . Besides the sausage-ness of my visit, it was still fun to hang out and grab a few drinks with friends, colleagues, and the occasional female model.  Even if the drinks are a bit watered and expensive..... . Would i return?. . Yes..... if it's not under the "you have to know someone to get in" stigma it operates under most of the time.
certain bouncers are shady with ID checking. they tried to claim 2 of my female friend's drivers license were fake because the backgrounds of their photo were too dark. Uhhh, take that up with the CA DMV yo. Really? . What are you going to do when people start rolling up to your club with the new CA ID/license format? You going to reject everybody!? Funny how one bouncer claims it's fake, but the other says it's okay. Why don't you people use a damn scanner!?
Overall nice club, but music kinda sucked that night. I don't like trance, even if it's mixed in with the hip hop. . . Heard it's better in the summer because you can dance in the pools and chill on the lounge-y beds. I went in December. =(
Ok, I'm sorry, my friends like this place but I really think this place is really hyped up. You have to get here early just to wait in a ridiculously long line. The venue itself though is amazing, I'll admit that. The indoor and outdoor sections are gorgeous and spacious. Later in the night, the dance floor gets packed, and I mean PACKED as in, I can't tell if I'm on a dance floor or stuck in a mosh pit.. . The bouncers here are strict, I've had a friend that was kicked out after being in the club for 5 minutes (after waiting in a long ass line and paying $30). I've also had anotherfriend here that was escorted out in a wheel chair.. . My main complaints are the dance floor and the music. Like I said again, the floor is so packed, it's so easily to get pick pocketed (it's happened) and the music gets kind of repetitive with techno-like beats. After a while you can't even really hear the music anymore, just the bass.
I've been to XS more than any other clubs and I thought it was ok. I like the fact that the dance floor is huge but the music was ok for me and I'm not as impressed...the line was long though and I had to wait almost 3 hours to get in...AND we had to pay $20.
Club looks great but takes a while to get in. Door guys dont have much customer service but they were busy. The girls had a great time
After a couple of hours at Tryst, we decided to check out XS. We should have stayed at Tryst!!!! We were moved to the front of the line but still had to pay $20 in cover...we weren't on a guest list. The drinks were overpriced (expected) but not strong. Everyone was already plastered, we weren't drunk enough to be there. Maybe I would have enjoyed it more if I went after 7 more vodka tonics. But I enjoy everything more then :) It was crowded with people bumping into you, dancing inappropriately on you, falling all over etc. Now don't get me wrong...dancing is fine but when it's to the point where my "innocent" midwestern friends say "they're probably going to leave soon to have sloppy sex " its a little too much. On the plus side, I like the outdoor space and the decor!
I had really high hopes for this place after reading yelp reviews. I really don't have any tips besides maybe bring a flask. I tried to figure out a way to get in cheap, but XS is only concerned with having all girl groups coming into their club, so my girlfriend and I would have to pay full price. The line was about 15 minutes on a Monday during our spring break right at 1030 when they opened. Standing in line, we chatted it up with two girls behind us. Fun conversation, but the fact that they gave us their two free entry tickets made our night. Well designed club, but I wouldn't have been happy if I paid $30 to get in, and $17 for our one mojito. The large outdoor area was closed, but you could walk outside to get some fresh air. It was funny because they had a random dancer off in the distance dancing in front of the mirror, sweet job. Anyways, by 1130 the dance floor was ridiculous, packed to the brim and constant groups of people stopping your dancing to make their way through the crowd. I couldn't stand it. . . A couple of nights later we went to the Palms and paid $20 to get into ghost bar. My friends moved over to Moon, where our stamp from Ghost Bar got us in free. Huge club about 53 stories up at the Palms with an amazing view. We immediately went to the dance floor and there was some guy on a mic talking with a dj in the back. "Oh this must be someone famous." Turns out DJ Jazzy Jeff was playing that night. Words can't describe how much better of a time I had at Moon compared to XS, not nearly as crowded on the dance floor, amazing views, and a bad ass DJ keeping the energy up until 4am. XS was fun, but I'd take Moon any day. . . Side note: This placed was filled with people who were either loaded, or spent all their money on looking that way. I talked to a bouncer and apparently they make 250K on Sundays and Mondays. So if you make a decent living and wanna feel like a broke ass, this is your place.
It's nice. That's all I gotta say. I didn't have that great of a time like I did at Surrender, but XS is a close second. . . There are bungalows everywhere and the pool area is really beautiful. Walking around, it seems like you're in a movie. There were waaaay too many people on the dance floor (well it was Saturday night) and the bartenders are kind of slow. It's like they're totally over it. . . It was cheap for us girls to get in but $60 for guys? Damn, I'm glad I didn't have to pay that much AND buy drinks on top of that. No thank you! I think next time I'll pass and just go to Surrender.
This place was pretty cool. I got passes so I didn't have to pay, which was cool. The ambiance is pretty nice and I like the music they play.  The drinks weren't too expensive. I guess I've seen more expensive drinks at other nightclubs.
This review is verging on a 3.5. I love the beautiful women, ambiance, diversity, oh and did I mention the lovely women? Dope plush, cushy cabanas outside, with a little pool wading area and a gambling area surrounded by the pool. So what prey tell Warren could you possibly be complaining about? Well the handful of times I've ever been there the DJ/s have played the same song twice in the span of a few hours. Big time DJ faux pas. Come on now, there are billions of songs out there, we can't be more creative? Plenty of electronic music with very little hip hop and R&B. Musically its just not really my steeze.. . And sweet baby jesus, why do they allow people to dance on the ledges? Upon my last visit our group bought bottle service by the dance floor and there were @ least 3 separate incidences where someone fell and/or spilled their damn drink on me and/or crushed a female friend as we were seated in the booth. Oof. -1.5 stars for the wack security and their inconsistent rules. It might co$t a little more and farther from the action but going in with a few friends and getting a cabana or somewhere outdoors might be your best bet.. . Oh well, its a great place to get your fist pump on.
Don't need to repeat the 1,000+ reviews that gush over how nice the venue is. It cost $100MM to build, I'd hope it could at least pull off a 4-star Yelp average. It's a high bar, but the combined forces of Wynn, Drai, and the Waits brothers should be able to pull it off.. . Now the only problem, half the time I go here, it's like KSA night at my school all over again. If you know what that means, you know what I mean.
I'd give it a second chance but I wouldn't pay for it. Perhaps it's just not my style of club. A lot of long lines filled with . . . not a lot of attractive people. They weren't the most organized but at least they let me stroll right through to meet my friends who were already there. . . I didn't go outside at all so I can't speak for that section . . . met some "balla's" on the balcony . . . got some dancing in. It was ok. Rather crowded and not the most elegant. We left after an hour to go back to Tao. Maybe it just wasn't a night that lived up to the hype or perhaps it's more for the 23 and under crowd.
Meh, beautiful outside area which almost kinda makes up for the gross inside area. It's way too overcrowded, but this club beats any LA club with a clean sweep because of the people there. You can't not be entertained by all those random crazies and happy-go-luckies on E.. . I agree with whichever reviewer said that it's difficult to get your way to the front of your bar if you're not aggressive, and pretty difficult to get served by the bartenders if you don't have (or don't look like you have) a shlong. I don't mind because I can cut with the best of 'em, but if you're one of the less aggressive folk then this may not be the place for you unless you're planning to pre-game like nobody'sbusiness. I'd advise y'all to be prepared to wait a good 20-30 mins for a drink. Not too bad with all those drunkies and druggies entertaining you while you wait.. . The bar outside is much less crowded (by the pool? I don't know I was way too drunk to keep a mental blueprint), and the view is much nicer. Music wasn't all too great. I was pretty inebriated and didn't really dance very much, and I don't usually even require much music. I feel like if there were less people there it would be a much more successful club for me--I don't like crowds; I felt like I was suffocating.. . And just a heads up, if you're going to meet with people there good luck! I knew of at least a handful of people who had reserved tables there and I couldn't find a single table of familiar faces. It's a ginormous club.. . They're open from 10PM-4AM with a $20 entrance for women/$30 for men ($50 for men on Sat.), $10ish for a drink.. . They enforce dress code obviously, and there's usually a long wait to get in. . . I'd prefer to visit other clubs when I'm back in LV, but I'd go back to XS.
Yeah, the decor is nice.. . Yeah, there is a pool that you can dip your feet into.. . Yeah, it's poppin'. . . But with all that being said, they have the worst customer service ever. My group had reserved a table by the pool for bottle service. We had already negotiated the price and all that jazz over the phone, but when we arrived, it took over an hour for us to get our table and liquor. They kept going back and forth with us and they even had the audacity to tell us to tip the bouncer, so that he can speed up the process. Rude much!?. . Luckily we managed to salvage the night by drinking and dancing the night away. I am not sure about other nights, but they played a lot of trance, house, and hip hop musicwhen I was there. I actually really liked the music that they played, so I'll give them another chance to redeem themselves!
Memorial weekend - A great club, but minus 2 stars for . . 1. LONG LINE. . 2. Told to leave - there's a story behind this. . - Wasn't sure if you were allowed in the pool or not, but saw two white girls in the pool for 10-15 minutes without being told to get out. So my girlfriend decided to pullme in with her.  After about 2-3 minutes, we were asked to leave (only us two since we were wet).  So why is it that white girls who were in the pool over over 10 minutes stayed in the water while two asian girls were told to get out.  We were allowed to come back in if we changed, but seriously?? Felt like racism to me. . . 3. $50 bucks to get in...goodness gracious. . 4. Holiday - $3,000 for outside tables and $20,000 for table by the dancefloor. - hmm...no thank you.... . - I haven't been there since last year, but if the go go dancers are still wearing the same uniform - they should change it up...Surrender dress their hostesses and dancers much better!
Too crowded, a maize in this place.
I used to think XS was the best club ever... until Marquee came along.  Now, XS is overpriced and takes way too long to get in.  We have purchased a presale ticket for Afrojack during MDW.  With presale tickets, we waited in line for 2 hours.  Marquee on the other hand, we just walked right in.. . I heard the tickets for guys for deadmou5 was over $200 on MDW Sunday!  ABSOLUTELY RIDICULOUS!!!
This venue is really nice I have to admit. But the music ehh... The wait in line for "guestlist" was about an hour. I'd rather pay the $30 cover charge than wait in a line that wrapped around 3 corridors. . . By 1am, their "system" crashed and the bar was cash only. WTF?!! I was sober by then. I will update this review as soon as my ass gets back to vegas, Im sure this venue is good, I'll give it another shot.
Definitely not my favorite club in Vegas. I'd recommend Surrender or Marquee over it any day. The bouncers outside were extremely rude. My friends got out of line to use the restroom and when they returned the bouncers made them go to the end of the line. The drinks are terribly overpriced. My friend payed $17 for a vodka Red Bull. There were a couple of redeeming qualities, but they wouldn't necessarily make me return:. . -They didn't check our bags, so my friend was able to sneak in a small bottle of Patron.. - One of the dancers was AMAZING. I couldn't take my eyes off her the entire night.. . Okay, maybe I would return, but only to gawk at the beauty dancing in front of me.
The club itself is very beautiful, especially with the pool and the beautiful up-lights in various shades of blue and aqua. I came here with the hubby on a Monday Night, unfortunately, no one told us that you could only dance in the pool on weekends. . . The music on this particular night really sucked and wasn't really anything to dance to. The dancers seemed kinda dead, especially the one girl dancing on the stage in the middle of the pool. I don't get what her purpose was but she just sorta swayed from side to side and sometimes didn't do anything but stand there. It wasn't packed at all which made it seem less fun and quite dead.. . Oh well, I mean we both got in for free which was good because it was definitely not worth a cover fee if we weren't going to be able to dance in the pool. Unfortunately, it meant we stayed for less than an hour since we weren't feeling the music or the lack of much going on outside by the pool area.. . So my tips would be to come here on a Fri/Sat night and unless you wanna drop $11-13 bucks on a mixed drink or beer, have something before you come in and make sure that the pool area is open for dancing in. Also, don't forget your camera, because the photo ops here would be beautiful and it's a very nice looking club in general. . . I would probably end up going again IF we can get in free and ONLY on a weekend night.
I yelped clubs in Vegas to find out the best one for my first night there and came across this one. The LINEEEE was so long but I was able to go through the VIP line for a small fee, so I was cool with that. I can't remember how much I paid but it wasn't too much. The club was huge and it was so many people but I still had fun. The only reason I'm not a fan was the music. Im not sure what it was ..house music or techno but I can't listen to that all night.
When in Vegas, you have to hit up a club or two, or three, or four...You know what im getting at yelp peeps. But anyways, we rolled into this club and it started off with house music banging from speaker to speaker. The problem is, it continued throughout the entire night. When you have the dancers right next to the DJ getting confused and not going along with the dance moves, you know you have to change it up.. . The drinks were tasty as always. No worries on that end. The pole dancers were nice as always and kept everyone entertained when the music started to confuse to peeps. . . The outside is amazing! The pool section is awesome, so when you feel like a stuffed sardine inside, peel yourself away, and float on outside.. . With the right DJ, the dancing woul be off the hook. Not saying the DJ was bad, but sometimes you have to mix the house music up with a little bit of Pit Bull and some old school.
Unfortunately for the designers of this club, unlike fancy decor, intangibles cannot be bought.  . . What's EPIC? You walk in to a club and you see everyone with their hands up in the air AND frothing at the mouth with intensity. That's epic - that's partying. . . You just don't get that at XS.  At XS, you see a lot of people wandering around, and they look sort of bored.  They are there to be seen and/or to say "I went to XS."   Not much drinking going on either.  I don't know what it is.. perhaps too many tourists? drinks too expensive? Fear of spilling the expensive outfit you have on? . . Lastly, I am a firm believer in dim lighting at a club.  It is a necessary ingredient for mystery, insanity and abandonment.  XS is brightly lit, therefore, intensity is handicapped. . . FYI:  1 Bottle of goose with tax and gratuity = $650.
This was a great venue and amazing club. The reason I am saying OK is that I was outside in a cabana. We had bottle service and the service was brilliant, but it was really hot and outside did not feel like a club atmosphere. The speakers in the cabana were distorted and so you could not put the music up. . I wish we were inside but it was $5k for a table, and the dance floor was too busy and like a concert with everyone holding up their phones to record Afrojack who was playing. . Music was incredible, people dancing in the pool and loads of amazing girls, again just being outside did not help with mingling with people. IF you came as a mixed group you would have had a fab time.. . All facilities in this place were amazing. I have never seen toilet attendants so diligent, I did not mind tipping them every time I went in.. . I think the place gets confused with being a club and a chill out lounge outside. It does both and you have a choice...but only if you can afford it.. . Maybe need to go back on a different weekend as it was Independence weekend and so it was super busy.. . Apparently some guy inside bought 100 bottles of Dom, and was handing it out. Sums up Vegas hey..!
There is so much hype about this club and I was expecting to be really blown away. Unfortunately, it wasn't as good as I thought it was going to be. It was still really good though.. . I really like the size and layout of this place. I want to compare it to Marquee's but their size and lay outs are nice in their own way. I like how the bar surrounds the pool and the "dance floor" and stage area are on the other end of the place. Also love the gogo dancers there! Minus their face, they're pretty hot. And they're super nice and friendly.. . Great looking crowd as well! No shortage of hotties. But then again it was a Saturday evening. Everyone wanted to be here. The music was decent: I forgot who was playing but it was house music. . . Only thing I didn't like (which a lot of people would agree with me on) is the huge effing line up. We thought we were lined up for one of their long ass lines and it turned out to be the line up for VIP people or people with tables or something. When they told us where the regular line up was, it was at least 3x as long so we had to wait about an hour to get in, even with our G-List. Oh another thing I didn't like: the dance floor up at the front.I've been to some packed places in my life but that dance floor takes the bloody cake. It was so packed it was just hard to breathe. Couldn't stay there for more than 10 mins. We had to take breaks because it was quite unbearable. . . Didn't pay the full amount to get in though, so I guess the G-List had some sort of use. . . Would I come back? Probably not. Unless someone I really love is playing. I think it's one of those "you gotta experience it once" to know. If you haven't been, you MUST go and see for yourself.
Am I still qualified to write a review when we only spent 20 minutes here? Awww, hell, I saw enough of it to judge.. . We got added to the guest list for Sunday night by a random promoter we met. Drinks were included, too, but we arrived a little too late for that aspect. Didn't have to wait more than a couple minutes to get in, and was totally impressed by the sheer size of this place.. . We waited at the bar for a little too long - for one drink and some waters (let's just say ... we had a long day). Then we seated ourselves (too tired to dance).. . In the course of 5 minutes, 4 different douchebags approached us. From the crazy to the straight-up asshole, turning them away got tiring. It doesn't seem like there's a lot of screening happening here. I thought exclusivity was part of the deal? Or maybe not if you can buy your way in .... . The place was gorgeous, I'll give it that. I would definitely give it one more shot on our next Vegas excursion, but on this particular night, we SO weren't feeling it. What a waste of makeup.
This place was a lot smaller than i thought it would be, but the decor is gorgeous.  definitely nicer than the other clubs that i've been to.  i know that there's a pool area to hangout and what not, but it wasn't open when i went =( my boyfriend and i were able to get on the guestlist for sunday night and thank goodness we both got in for free cause we didn't stay long at all.  music was good though (i actually like house music). wasn't the greatest experience here but i'll give it another try. maybe it'll be better with my girlfriends. lol
I think we would have enjoyed it more had we been told about the sunday night swim thing. We were told to "dress to impress" and our promoter even texted to ask where we were. Come on, we're on our way!. . It was my first time at Encore and the decor was beautiful. My girlfriend and I had to walk down this long hallway after checking in with one of the guys. It was a bit like silence of the lambs with rowdy drunk guys on the other side of the rope. Not all the guys were cat calling, of course but it was enough to make us feel uncomfortable. Once we got to the end, we had to basically walk up a narrow path flushed against the wall with those same guys on the other side. I think they just wanted some girls to get them in. . . XS was beautiful with multiple pools and great landscaping. Maybe it was still too early but it wasn't too crowded with people scattered about. So why were all those guys waiting outside for?. . People weren't dancing but instead, they were sitting around or talking on their phones. A few were in the process of getting into the pool but it felt like prom with people waiting for the party to get started. . . We did a round, took some pictures and left for Bank. XS was too much of a multiple personality disorder for me to deal with that night. We were looking for straight dancing.
3 stars only because it is BEAUTIFUL... otherwise it would be in trouble in my book. . . Music is some of the worst, most boring, and un-vegas-like I have experienced. Maybe you are just supposed to stand around, drink, look pretty and hit on each other under their bright lighting, but this music is definitely not danceable unless you are very intoxicated.. maybe this is intentional to get guests to order more drinks. ugh.  . . On a spring/early summer/fall night when its not over 100degrees out this is a great spot to go early, relax, enjoy being out by the pool and the outdoor tables.. but every time I've gone I've left within 20-30minutes of getting on the dance floor... after 3 songs I'm bored out of my mind!!! Warning $50 cover and long line if you're a dude.  . . Not only is the music super awkward to try to dance to (ok i can only fist bump a few times before its not fun anymore) they have a lot of lighting which is certainly pretty but can be pretty awkward in a club when your dancing!. . I have seen & bumped into several actors/athletes here so if you want to see pretty people come here.. There's no more summer basketball league in Vegas so the frequency of athletes has probably gone down significantly.. otherwise I might be frequenting here more often just to stalk some of my favorite NBA boys. haha.
Ok this is what I think....if they are going to have commercials and post signage that the dress code is strictly enforced then they should do what they are saying..... BUT I'm all about the pool and water so they should say swim wear accepted. If I would've know...... . This was a great experience, REALLY nice, big, lots of space and great ambiance.....music was too housey....I really don't like the top 40 being mixed over with a house beat but it was nice and I'd be back.
Was I really here??. I am NOT a club person but it was my cousin's bachelorette so I had to party like the rest of 'em! . Labor Day Weekend: $100 cover for men $30 cover for women. . Waited in line for about 5 minutes until they pulled us and moved us to the front. As long as you are traveling with just females it is very easy to go to the front of the line. . . Inside was nice. Dance area with DJ playing only house music (UGH), nice pool. . . I don't know what I was expecting but this was just like any other place... . Honestly, can't you just party in the hotel lobbies... seems the same to me. . . Which way to the $5 poker tables?
I went on a Saturday night with a group of friends after a friend's wedding, and it was okay. Super super crowded with okay music (top 40 stuff). . . There is no room to breathe or do anything on the inside, so that was awful, but it's really nice on the outside in the pool area, and it is so fun to be able to dip your feet in the pool and dance in the water. Hahaha, saw some guy fall in the pool, but he got right up and acted as though everything was normal, which it was -- from the waist up. . . Nice and efficient staff on the outside moving the line through. I got in for free, but my husband had to pay $50 cover. YIKES. . . The decor looked pretty nice, and the bright screen with the jumping colors behind the DJ was pretty cool. . . It was a pretty fun club and a pretty good night. We danced the night away and got home at 4 in the morning. Beware of waiting for 30+ minutes for a cab (yes, even at 4 am!) after getting out of the club. . . Also, there was some confusion as to where to go to get into the club, because there were two entrances to the club. Ask for the main entrance to be safe! There is another entrance that provides easier access to the pool, but most of the time, they make you go around the corner to the main entrance anyway.
Damn, $50 for guys to get in by General Admission, and $20 for girls?. . Advice if there are more than just 2 of you, just get a table. With drinks costing $15 each, you might as well get bottle service because if you're like me you're going to have 6-10 drinks anyways so you might as well get a seat with your drink, and the girls will come flocking to sit also.. . By 11pm the dance floor is undancable, and they might as well make it a mosh pit with so many people just trying to scope out the scene within the dancing. . . The night started off well, but when it started to rain at midnight everyone that was outside (100+ people) try to come inside, its not a pretty scene. Got the F' out of there as fast as i could when that happened.
Is it just me or does XS really smell?  Especially around the bathroom area.  Its like too much yack, sweat, and alcohol has permanently soaked into the carpet.  Gross.. . I have been here many times and I always have a good time.  They have good music, a huge venue, and a great crowd.  I went on a Monday for the first time and it was surprisingly very crowded.  I had fun with my friends but I just couldn't get over the smell.  They need to really to just change the carpet!
4 stars for the venue, the pool, the cabanas and stripper poles that looks like a lamp.. . 2 stars for the music, overpriced drinks, and seedy-greasy-short-ugly guys that won't go away.. . Supposedly the lines are long and hard to get in but didn't have problem with it so can't comment.. . I give it higher ratings when there are celeb DJs like Avicii is spinning. Resident DJ gets 2 stars. Average to about 3 stars total.
Ive been to XS on many occasions with my friend who works in LV. We went on Halloween night to celebrate the departure of a friend and it was weak. $50 to get in wasnt bad as I heard people were paying up to $250 the previous night. . The setup of the club is great. Very few if any flaws. . The issue is with the service. Waited in the drink line for 1 plus hour to get a scotch on the rocks. I was talking to my boy and get some help for the bartenders or something. A 30 minute wait isnt bad but 1 plus hour is extreme.. You couldn't go inside where Afrojack was performing unless you had a band even though this where I started my night. . Luckily I was chilling with my friends so as long as we were all in , we had a good time. Not a great time.
I may be committing blasphemy by giving XS a 3* review...(dodges tomatoes). . Unlike the super negative experiences of some individuals, I thought XS was okay. Of course, I was there on a night that NormanD was spinning. Most people in my group were not into that type of music so they absolutely hated it. Having spentsome time in Europe, I wasn't hating it, but I have to admit that NormanD was spinning some wack tunes. The system was a little grainy but it was decent enough and the pool was open since it was Swim Sunday.. . What I DID like:. . - Decor was awesome. - Bouncers were not militant about us sitting in an empty cabana. - Drinks were strong. - Overall, more breathing room. - Open pool...but a little dangerous for drunkies, if you ask me. . What I did NOT like:. - Closed off half the club squeezing a HORDE of people into tiny quarters. - ONE bouncer in particular being an ASS about my friend sitting on a concrete ledge (really!?). - This one isn't really a big deal but why are there so many BUSHES? that's taking up some precious standing room!. - The wack tunes. . I will give XS another try, but this first experience was kinda crappy. The layout is nice, but I feel like a mere peasant with the "nobles" looking down on me from their gilded ledges (aka the VIP booths) from the second floor.... . This club screams money and if you don't have the $30 for a Sunday night, tough titties! . . Must mark in my little black book for another visit and perhaps an update!
Beautiful club; small area to dance in. Beautiful people; most of them are douches and bitches.. . The line was crazy at 10:30.  Good thing that we had a promoter to get us in quickly.  I would say it was well worth it.  . . No doubt that this place is for the high rollers I mean it's at the Encore for goodness sake.  This was the club to be if you wanna find a sugar daddy.  . . In all honestly, it seems like this place was made for the sole purpose of bottle service.  I've never seen so many tables at a club like was all hunched together like that.  You might as well do it big in Vegas right?. . I hate how crowded it was.  I was literally shoving my elbows at people so they would get out of my personal bubble.  Did not have this problem at the Marquee as much.  They really do need to open the place a bit more or crowd control.  They didn't open up the pool area which I was sad about.. . The variety of the music was good kept things going and fresh.  The go go dancers could have better, I mean I really have seen better.  I liked how when the dancers are done they start going around trying to sell shooters for $24 for 2.  At least I don't have to move from my dancing spot.. . The bathrooms were amazing! They had everything you need for the night.. . Tip: wear heels.  I know it sucks and it hurts your feet and you can't get it on but if you don't then you're going to get stabbed by the other heels and you're left with nothing to defend yourself.. . So yes I am giving it 3 stars because it was super crowded to me and bitches were hating and all that.  Maybe next time I'll have better luck.
Still love the ambience of this place and the fact that the clubgoers, though of many ages and demographics, largely seems more cohesive in the party mode rather than the mood Pure gives off.  While I was stoked to get in for free (thank you, Rock 'n' Roll Marathon promotions), the DJs sucked.  Anytime you'd get into the groove of the song, they'd stop the beat.  Literally.  Transitions to new songs lacked drum loops and totally killed the mood each time moving to the next song.  DJs: the bartenders, single guys trying to hit on girls, and ladies out with their other ladies would all appreciate if you could keep the dance vibe going!  (Let's just say that the professional dancers even had a hard time in the transitions.). . Was a fun evening, but I would have preferred better DJs.  Oh, and Adele's "Someone Like You" is probably not the best mood lifter, especially when repeated in the sets.
Beautiful club and good music.  This place was incredibly packed though (and I've been to some packed clubs) and there was (1) no space on the dance floor and (2) no space to stand because everything has beenallocated to bottle service.  So, basically, unless you get bottle service, you shouldn't go there period.  I'm not giving it the lowest rating because I understand that it opens to the outside when the weather is nice and I imagine that it's much less crowded then.  Given the ambiance and the music, I would be definitely willing to try it again when it's a little warmer.
Nice venue, opening DJs weren't bad, Afrojack was cool, crowd is pretty mixed the night we came. . . Bouncers and hostesses at the line are terribly unorganized. We spent more time moving between lines than actually standing in them. . .  ex: . . "we're on ____'s guestlist". "ok please step to the left". *stamps. "excuse me ladies do you have a ticket?". "no we're on the guestlist for ___". "oh I don't have that one you need to get in the right line and as a hostess". *shrugs and goes to other line. "excuse me, who's a hostess here?". "STEP BACK LADIES!". .... "do you have a ticket?". "...no, we need one. We're on ___'s guestlist". "I don't see you on here. Please go to the middle line". *moves to middle line and gets yelled at for crossing a rope even though we moved to the end. *random guy sees us, asks for  our name, writes it on the ticket, and let's us through without waiting. . Overpriced drinks and no service at the pool bar even though we practically waved cash in the bartenders face when he wasn't occupied. . . Afrojack was playing so it got ridiculously crowded towards the end. But thats clubbing for ya. . . Its a nice club, no doubt. But the people working here are like any other club (and some are worse). Overall I had a good time and would come back but come with a fun group!
This place is super expensive, and its so crowded that I got burnt by someone cigarette TWICE in one night. I think its a nice club, but defiantly overrated. The music was good, but I didn't like how jam packed they made this place. The swimming pool area is neat though on the brighter note.
Everyone in the club was all pumped up when my friends got there at around midnight on a Saturday. It had an amazing setting: poles for girls, platforms to dance on and a huge dance floor which was packed to the brim! The landscape leading up to the club was very artsy, great for taking pictures.. . If only it weren't for the DJ playing latin techno house music that night, my friends would've stayed longer. As the night progressed, our energy started to die down and because drinks were placed on these seat-side platforms, they got knocked off a lot and it was hard to dance on a slippery platform. My opinion may be biased due to my personal taste in music but there's no doubt this club's definitely worth checking out, just make sure you check who the DJ is beforehand.
You know.... . The first time I went to this club, I was in awe. I remember entering through the front - it was dark and whatever just like any other club, walked up some steps, and turned to an AMAZINGLY open area. At first, I didn't know it was the pool so I thought it was soooooooo coool!. . The club itself is nice. great layout. absolutely love that.. Outdoor by the pool. plenty of places to sit for your sore feet.. It gets crowded though.. music is weird. hmm, actually, music is BAD. . The novelty of this club definitely wore off the 2nd time and other times i've come.. . i would not want come to this club again when in vegas.... . . BUT, if you have never been here, DO CHECK IT OUT! For me, it was pretty breathtaking lol :D Make sure to enter through the front and not the back(which leads you directly to the pool area).
The first time I went to XS about a year ago, the experience completely blew my mind.  The venue was stunning, and you entered through the side of the club, from the outside area so you had the perfect view of the dance floor, pool area, and gambling tables.  The dance floor was open, so you could look out over the pool and at the Wynn and Encore while enjoying the music.  The best part was, there was a lot of space to navigate because you could walk right off the floor to the outside patio area. . . However, going back a second time after the changes they made to the venue, I got a totally different impression.  They've since closed off the floor, so now you have to go through a door either on the left or right sides of the club to get to the inside or outside part of the club.  Also, the club was extremely overcrowded, and bottlenecked at those two spots.  The floor was packed, enough room to stand and move up and down but not really dance.  When our group got separated the people tried to get back inside, the bouncers were actually blocking the doors, and requesting bribes in order to get back  in.  This is after dropping $50 coverfor guys, and $20 for ladies.  This went on for about an hour before people were finally about to move around again.. . Definitely a 5 star rating hands down after the first experience.  Now, it gets a 3.  I don't know why they made the changes they did, but please bring back the old XS!
My friends and I went to Vegas this past weekend for one of my friends 22nd birthday.  We clubbed hopped and ended the night here. In order for us to get into XS we first had to go to Tryst to get a stamp because they weren't having a guest list at XS. We got here and waited in line. There were like 5 check points within the line and we had to get our IDs checked at every single one and get stamped, do they not trust one person to check IDs?. . My friends definitely wanted to go to XS because Afrojack was playing. I wanted to go because my sister said it was a nice club. . . We got into the club and it was SUPER packed. It was so hard to move. I was so irritated because the people that were there that night were so fucken immature. my friends and I were standing in a crowd and then people rush on over to the section we were at and start jumping, screaming, and pushing to get to the front. While they're doing that, you got the security in front of the crowd pushing EVERYONE back. I'm stuck in the middle being pushed forward then being pushed back -______-. . All the other clubs we went too gave us free drinks, XS didn't.. . My buzz was killed from all those people who were pushing especially this little asian girl. I'm asian and the asians that act and look like her make me not want to be asian, they make me embarrassed. . . We didn't even get to go outside to check out the pool. I'm going to give this club another try when I am back in town. Hopefully it isn't as crowded and has classier people.
I knew what to expect from this club from ppl who have been there. Heard it was the place to be and the place to be seen. Went there this past sunday night and I tried my hardest to fall in love with the place but it just didnt happen. . . First we were on the guestlist and in Vegas you know that means shit other then free entry. lol The line ... omg the line.. the Line is very organized and moves quite fast however once you get to the front of one line there is another and then another and then some snotty ass bitch giving you attitude when she takes your name to look on the guest list.. But past all that .. dont sweat the small stuff.  . . I have no idea how much it really is to get in but over heard it being like 40 per guy for the group in front of us. The club is amazing .. the decor and the whole set up is beautiful it is a must see.....truly beautiful . . INSIDE... Super packed!!! I mean packed and it felt like the crowd was quite young .. felt like some of the ppl there just got out of high school ..Also it was like I was walking through Chinatown in downtown Manhattan.. Asians everywhere and I mean everywhere. Most of who are white girl wasted falling over themselves like it was their first time drinking.. . The booze is expensive.. around 10 bucks a beer which isnt unbearable but shots are like 18 each .. golden rule .. pre game.. . . Now on to the DJ this really bothered me ..bcuz you can get passed the asians and line waiting if there is good music..... i enjoy tiesto and afrojack and even some pauly d ... who we saw this weekend.. they spice it up ... this guy ... he really blew ass. It was hardcore house all the time... I can fist pump with the best of them but my arm does get tired... switch it up ... they did switch to one song... a whitney houston song and thats just cuz she had passed away that week... but after that bam back to beating that beat.. . . I would go back.. when I know who the dj is.. and Id prob designate a Saturday night to XS and get a table which its def worth it so you dont have to be slammed in the crowd
This place is ginormous!!!  I love the outdoor and indoor options and the lawn area if you wanted to lay down. lol  Great spot, but do not go so early. There's also a shallow pool, I don't know if you can go in at night.  There's an outdoor casino area too with a bar!  So if you're not the clubbing type and want to gamble but yet still be close to your friends, you can do that too!  If you go early its a lot of mid-west old people hamming it up on the dance floor.  Waitresses are cool, but the barbacks were a bit rude and not cute.  This one barback cam right through me and a friend several times while we were talking.  Umm..hello go around us.  He didn't even say excuse me or anything. Just walked right in between us...and MANY TIMES!
They changed the layout of the club to have a stage so the "middle" area that used to connect the inside and outside of the club is closed and the only way to get around is from the sides.... . BAD IDEA XS!!. . This makes the club feel less streamlined, separates the club into 2 areas, and makes it smaller. Bring the XS I once knew back! Stop trying to copy other clubs to have a centralized DJ stage area, ugh..
XS gets a major downgrade due to its pretentious and rude staff (line staff and security). The only people that were nice were the dealers by the pool area and our bartender Jessie.. . XS opens at 10pm, so I recommend everyone to line up starting at 930-945pm. A large improvement that they have made is that they made little rooms so that the club line does not overflow into the main pathway. This is a smart idea. However, when we were in line, it took so long to get into the club. Not only that, we were on the guest list. It means that the women with me were supposed to get into the club for free. However, you have to get a piece of paper from one of the promoters verifying that you are indeed on the guest list to hand to one of the security guys at the front to let you in. I still had to pay $30 entrance because I am a guy. How sexist huh? We even asked the line staff as we were in line about the guest list process but they don't care. We are paying good money to come here and we don't deserve to be treated like crap.. . Once we actually get into the club, it was pretty empty because those pretentious party promoters/line staff want to make the appearance that the club is really busy. This is honestly not necessary considering that it gets really packed later on as the night progresses. Of course, the way to start the night is by drinking a shot. So we see Jessie and I make first contact. Jessie is very recognizable by her enormous boobs. She was very nice and recommended shots for us. She made us 4 wet p**sys. However, to fit our group of girls, she creatively changed the name to 4 wet p*nises. So, we went to Jessie for drinks the remainder of the night because she was just that awesome. . . Also, the caliber of people coming here are just not what it used to be. In particular there was this woman affectionally labeled by Jessie as "barrel roll." She was a hot mess and really surprised that security didn't escort her out. She kept dancing erratically like she was on a barrel like Wild E. Coyote and falling numerous times.. . On another note, instead of escorting "barrel roll" out, security was more attentive to harassing the customers at the club. I was standing waiting for my friends to come out of the bathroom and the security guard rudely told me I couldn't stand there. So where am I supposed to stand to wait for my girlfriends? This happened to me on numerous occasions. Whatever happened to great hospitality? It is not here. I recommend going somewhere else. Venues in Vegas get old. XS is starting to become that. Three stars is being generous for XS.
I'm too old for this kind of thing. I'd rather watch a show and eat at a buffet while in Vegas. But I was rolling with some younger, single ladies for a bachelorette party, so had to participate. XS is really nice inside. Music is good and it's huge inside and out.  More sophisticated than other clubs I've been to.  Got in for free, so I can't complain.. . Was still buzzed from the bottle service at Olympic Garden (ew)..
XS is one of the most beautiful clubs in Las Vegas. Even though it has been around for years, this thing still cranks and is one of the top Nightclubs in Sin City. With that said, there is a ton of competition in Vegas as far as nightlife and I can see that XS isn't as on top of their game with every detail like they used to be. Then again, maybe it was just because I was there on a Monday? My best friend was celebrating her birthday so we got together a ton of girls, probably about 15 or so. We had a table on the dance floor and a few bottles. XS knew it was her Birthday and one of our girls called ahead of time to organizethe details for the Birthday Cake presentation at the table, and another girl from our group brought cupcakes ahead of time for them to keep in their refrigerator and be delivered when the cake was. A little bit into the night the cocktail waitress came to the table to give us some really bad news....the news was that the cake they originally told us would be brought out was not in the refrigerator....apparently they had no more left? AND...our cupcakes where missing!! We had nothing to give to the Birthday girl! So what happened to her cake and cupcakes? Did they even have a cake prepared in the first place? This is Las Vegas people...where dreams come true and you are spoiled...it's a fantasy land...a dream world....now that they messed up...you would think that they would have already thought of what to do...instead of sending a clueless waitress to the table to just inform us the Birthday cake is MISSING. Plus XS is inside the Wynn...so they couldn't go and get a cake or dessert from one of the restaurants or bakery's inside there?? We kindly asked for something to be done and suggested we would even take another bottle or something to make up for it...instead they ended up moving us to a table in back of the DJ, (amazing view)but unfortunately there was a little less then half of the seating  then at the dance floor table. Then they brought out a silver plate of strawberries and chocolate chips with a couple candles in the strawberries, I guess that's all they could do. I still expected more though rather then just moving our table to a place with less seating.
The place looks amazing. The outdoor area is probably the coolest part. There are areas you can find to sit outside which is nice especially to rest and cool off. The pool is right there and it seems like most of the girls eventually make their way there to rest their feet while wading and dancing the water. This place isn't set up that great inside. The entrances are kind of small and to get outside, you have to make your way through the entire club. The whole place is packed full of people and the dance floor is extremely cramped. The other thing I didn't like was the DJ was only playing techno type music. I don't know what type of music they normally play, but I'm not a fan. If the dance floor wasn't packed like a sardine tin and they played good music, this place would definitely be 5 stars.
Went for Sunday Night Swim to see Afrojack!!. . He was AMAZING. Great time dancing to him. Some cons were that the dance floor was shortened a great deal from how it regularly is so it was super crowded. People get kind of rowdy and rude here... and there are definitely creepers on patrol. For Sunday Night Swim, I don't really feel like bottle service is necessary because you're so far from the action! . . The bartenders were kind of rude... the same one kept charging all of us different prices for the same drinks! She ended up charging the guys LESS hoping to score tips or something.. . It's just really difficult to flag them down as well because the area is so compacted. I like Surrender's set up a bit more because you're not crammed, and it's much easier to get a drink there. . . At one point, I had my drivers license and credit card in hand, bought the drinks, but I had to carry 4 so i turned around to give them to my friend to help me out. Well the guy next to us was being a big douche and creeper so I got booted from my space. I was just overwhelmed with all the drinks so i started moving towards the edge of the pool, literally 2 feet away. The bartender came running after me tapping me hardly telling me I didn't pay her and acted as if I had no intent to pay. I was like huh? And handed her my card and drivers license that were still in my hand! Does that look like I was trying to get away? And wouldn't I have gone much farther away and made a run for it? I literally just strayed 2 feet still trying to hand people drinks that I was loaded with. . . I followed her to the bar to get my card back. For TWENTY minutes she PURPOSEFULLY ignored me, even though I asked her multiple times loud and clear if I could possibly close out my tab. She kept walking by my card and credit card and bill in the black envelope, finally, she ran out of black envelopes, looked at my card, looked at me, threw my card into a cup, and put another guys card and receipt in there. It wasn't as if my card were far away from her, and out of her way. I was still really polite, I even tipped her 10 dollars as an apology.. . However, I still feel this was unnecessary treatment. She treated me like a criminal. Also, she kept flirting with some dude behind the bar letting him slap her ass and stuff. Not very professional.. awkward to watch.. . I would've given 5 stars for afrojack, but -2 stars for the bad setup by the bar, and the rude bartender.
This club gets a lot of hype, and after two visits I don't get it.. . I'll say it here, this is the NICEST club I've ever been to and the clubgoers at this place for the most part are cool people, but it just didn't feel very high class to me.  That's something tough to expect, but considering all the hype this venue gets, that's whatI was looking for.. . Highlights at this club include the stripper poles... I mean if you have a bunch of lady friends, seeing them fail at pole dancing is pretty hilarious.  They also feature the best house DJs a lot more than any other club, so if you're into that vibe it works.  There's also confetti and stuff when things get really crackin'.. . There's also a pool outside.  People aren't allowed to mess with it at night, but it really gives the club a serene feel.. . As far as why I don't like the place as much as others... one, I'm a guy.  So yeah, it's gonna suck being that guy who insists on buying alcohol for everybody... and then seeing your tab run up to $500 due to simpleass cocktails running you $50 a glass.. . Don't even get me started on the fact that they don't bottle their beer.. . Two, again, I'm a guy... and I like to think I'm well-dressed.  It's discouraging as hell to have bouncers watch your every move when you're dressed like a million bucks, yet they won't pay any mind to hypebeasts who show up wearing some fakeass flannel from Tillys.  There was this one super chinky and scrawny dude in plaid (seriously? plaid at an upscale club?) and he was hella hitting it off with the ladies, and I honestly couldn't believe what I was seeing.  That killed my buzz.. . Of course, all that aside, the club is still very enjoyable.  Annoying, but it's deserving of being a Top 3 Vegas Hot Spot.  Best way to maximize the fun is to get bottle service.  You truly get the VIP experience, the seats are comfortable, and you get a good view of pretty much everything.. . VIP service here will cost an ARM and LEG though.  If you have a hook, like a promoter or Vegas event planner, definitely take advantage of his services, especially if you're in a group.
The Encore Hotel and Casino is a very elegant and classy place, just like XS. . . Once I entered the clubbed, the dance floor was filling up with happy dancers ready to dance the night away. I was one of those happy dancing people awaiting for DIPLO! However, after about  15 minutes of being able to dance freely with my boyfriend and sister,  we were squished into a tiny corner near where the DJ was at. Not a very suitable situation for a lady who has heels and a fever for dancing. As the night progressed, a bunch of drunken gals and men took over the dance floor and made a sea puddle of beer and mixed drinks on the floor making it slippery like black ice and trashed up the floor with empty bottles of beer--totally not classy.. . I saw that there were stripper poles on each table that had bottle service. Ladies, if you're drunk and have a tight dress on...when you probably know doesn't look so great when you bounce around and bounces extra things around the abdomen, you probably should choose a different dress to catch "prince charming's" eye?.... . Other than that note, my experience was fun-o-kay. I think if the bouncers stopped accepting new people in or allowing in for free in a bunch of groups, you could ummmm actuallly dance...you know...what the club should be for. I really liked the glitter paper and the stingy thingies that popped out of the air :D.
The night my girlfriends and I came here, Calvin Harris was gonna dj, we got here around11 pm and we got a bottle and went in after about 20 minutes of waiting, the club was soooooo packed, and we made our way to the pool area, took 30 minutes to order some drinks, horrible service since there was only one partner to each side, it was really bad. But once we got our drinks, we watched the dj by the pool took our shoes off and relax, it was sooo fun! Then we met a rapper and sat at his table, it was sooo random!
This is the second time I have been here. The club ran out of tables so book in advanced or buy tickets online. DJ Teisto and other DJ didnt play good music that night I went 7/6/12. This place was packed and girls were under dressed in tshirts jeans and flip flops. Hello you are in Vegas not at home on your couch. Bartender outside by pool are super slow!! Inside was super hot and outside was nice people being able to put feet in pool and stand by misters that were above.
Huge club full of beautiful-looking girls and the creepers who like to pray on them. . . Got here early around 11pm and was able to get in under 30 minutes!  . . A little on the pricey side.  Guys are 75 bucks and girls 35 on the Saturday night we went.
I don't understand how this club is different from the others in Vegas. No matter how well any club is decorated, it looks the same in the dark: pinkish glow, a bunch of girls in tight dresses, a bunch of guido looking guys, and terrible staff. There was a huge crowd going in and out from the bathroom areas. Just kidding, there was a huge crowd everywhere. I thought XS was supposedly the bigger clubs, but their dance floor is so so small. I quite enjoyed the outside area though. . . We were 2 minutes late for the guestlist and the bouncer said it was closed and did not let us in. Luckily, my friend had a hookup inside who can get us into any club for free, so we called him up. The bouncer gave us SO much attitude after we were granted free entry. FYI don't use your friend's ID here if you're underage. They will catch you, as they caught two of my friends. Just wait until you're 21 so your night doesn't get ruined with barred entry. . . XS is just like all the Vegas clubs, pretentious, pretentious, pretentious.
Was here in December so the outside wasn't open, had it been I might have felt different. Being a Vegas first timer, here is something I now know. no club is worth going to without bottle service. If EDM is your thing, then this place may be the greatest (no shortage of available eye candy), but for me I the music totally killed my buzz. . . Overall, the club is nice but the music sucked to me. EDM has no beat, and the women just kinda jerked around trying to find a beat that wasn't there, even the stage dancers couldn't get with it.
We went on a Monday, which was Industry Night (whatever that means). This is the nicest club I've ever been to. Luckily, we were on the guest list so were able to skip the line. The guy whose guest list we were on even actually showed us inside the club, and walked us to his table. That was really nice, as he knew the quickest way around the crowd. Which leads to the crowd- there was an insane amount of people. Couldn't even dance because I kept getting bumped into. Apparently the DJ was famous, as people were really excited about him. I have to say he did play the best music of all the Vegas clubs I've been to. The wall decorations are gold female torsos, which I read are molds of actual waitresses who worked there and the gold is real. I didn't appreciate being bombarded with boobs on the walls, but what else do you expect from Vegas. Though it was really nice and had great music, my friend and I didn't stay long because it was just too crowded to dance and we didn't feel like pay 17 dollars for a drink that night. I'd probably only go again if we had VIP table.. Oh, the restrooms are really nice as well and kept clean throughout the night. They had 3 women on staff, making sure the stalls were clean before you entered. This also kept the line moving so we didn't have to wait long.
I would have loved to give XS more stars because it's such a beautiful club, but I came here to dance and the dance floor was so ridiculously packed hardly anyone could move.   The only instance I saw of people moving was when they fist pumped the air towards the DJ like they were at some rock conert, and that shit's sad.  Most of the people were just groups of dudes together or a pair of girls pushing through the crowds.  Like I said, NO DANCING.  My heels killed me more than usual because I couldn't fucking move my feet more than a friggin inch without stepping on someone else, and I try not to bore holes in anyone's feet so I was planted in the same spot for half an hour until my boyfriend wanted to get a drink.. . Then we tried to get a drink at the bar, and there's just a long bar with 4 bartenders.  We stood in the same spot for 20 minutes and NOTHING HAPPENED.  No one even stood in front of us or tried to cut us to get a drink, and we were two steps away from the bartender, and NOTHING HAPPENED, we never got a drink.  I jjust said fuck it.. . We had to pay extra on Saturday because Calvin Harris was playing, but bitch didn't even get on until 3AM!  I was so fucking drunk I almost passed out so I headed up to my hotel room without listening to him.  I mean I kinow it's Vegas fashion to party until the morning, but damn ... 3 AM???  What the fuck was Calvin doing?  Did he just wake up?
I really dislike Vegas clubs. They're only really fun if you go with a large group of attractive ladies, do a LOT of pre-partying in your hotel beforehand, or both. Otherwise, you can be prepared to spend enough to buy a small country. . . That being said, XS is probably my favorite one so far. Came here with a bachelorette party of 14 ladies, and thanks to a promoter, got in gratis. We made friends with some guys with a cabana so we got to hang out there, and made friends with others with bottle service. Hey, I'm more than willing to trade conversation for free drinks! No shame! . . This club is absolutely beautiful. It's stylish, swanky, has a gorgeously lit outdoor pool area that makes you feel like you're at a tropical resort, and definitely lives up to the "excess" of its name. Definitely aesthetically stunning, and that's what sets a club apart. . . I didn't buy any drinks here, as I took advantage of tip #2 in the first paragraph, but I heard they were as overpriced as can be expected. Calvin Harris was a guest DJ that night, so the place was PACKED. . . I know clubs get crowded and especially with well-known DJs, but I'm docking this one 1 star because of the lack of any crowd control. Most clubs have security guards EVERYWHERE, making sure people can move around easily and that all walkways are clear. In this case, it took about 30 minutes (not exaggerating) to get from one side of the club to another because of the sheer amount of people.... bottlenecking in the pool entrance, and crowding every door so that it was impossible to move in any direction; you had to just wait to be pushed along with the crowd, however long they stood still. In this case, I would welcome any kind of security just to make sure this didn't happen. Not only is it frustrating, but doesn't really seem safe. . . Despite that, I had a great time dancing the night away, and loved the lights and effects. It was also cute to be hollered at by the barely-legal club-goers, one who told me he was "celebrating his buddy's 21st." I tried not to giggle when he said that.. Him: "So where did you go to school?". Me: "UCLA.". "Oh, cool! What year did you graduate?". I told him, and the smile dropped off his face. "How old ARE you?". "29," I answered, trying again not to laugh.. "You're kidding. You are NOT 29.". "No, I really am." A few minutes later, he politely excused himself. . . Maybe this is why my friends and I don't go to Vegas clubs as often these days. Still entertaining and a fun night, nonetheless!
3 1/2 stars If I could.  Lets do this review already.. . Setting:  5/5. . Looks amazing.  Very wide open.  Lots of space.  Pool was beautiful.  2 floors with what looks to be a large dance floor and stage.. . atmosphere: 3.5/5. . This is almost a purely subjective category,but I'll say that it was a typical club atmosphere at vegas. Nothing amazing except everyone there has like XS-fever.  "OMG, we're finally IN XS!" ...."  XS is amazing!!! (after stepping through the door for 4 mins)."  Etc.. etc...  I guess because of that, the atmosphere will be pretty positive.  . . people:4/5. . Lots of good looking guys and girls.  For some reason, and i'm guilty of this too, guys tend to wear more slacks and ties here then the other clubs.  Girls...just as scantily clad as other places.  I think this place may have less douche bags... but I could be wrong.. . Crowd:  2/5. . At some point, there is something as TOO MUCH.  I'm surprised Vegas PD doesn't shut this place down because I know they're over packing this place.  I think another reviewer mentioned this.  i too went when Calvin Harris was guest DJing and that thing was ridiculous.  My friends told me they were getting elbowed left and right on the dance floor.  Security stopped letting people onto the floor at like 11:30.  You also have to wait in line for 35 mins in the on-call line and i think 2 hours in the general admissions.  Seriously, Encore needs to think about this and limit the number of people inside.  1 Fire = dozens injured and millions of dollars in lawsuits.. . Service: 2/5. . My buddy waited 30 mins to get to the Bar and order his drink.  Not really XS fault, but when you go beyond capacity and have a short staff...you're going to piss some people off.  He mentioned it was almost $60 for 3 jack and cokes.. . So for a place that is highly touted as being "The Best in Vegas" I was a little let down.  This could just have been an off night, so I'll go again because it is that d*mn pretty inside....but I'm definitely lowering expectations.. . If you're coming to dance, like I was, go to XS on a non-sat/non-event night.  Try Tryst at Wynn or V-Bar at Venetian.
If I could give half star ratings, XS would have 3.5 stars instead! Why 3.5 stars instead of 4 stars you ask? All because of my most recent experience with this highly popular Las Vegas nightclub. . . I came the last weekend of June and the only big DJ playing that weekend was Calvin Harris. Of course, he was playing at XS because they seem to get the best mix of DJs. Anywho, I can honestly say I've never seen XS so crowded before in my 4 visits there. The inside, PACKED. The outdoor area, PACKED. The upper level outdoor cabanas, ALL PACKED. it was ridiculous!!! If you made the mistake of venturing outside like my friends and I did, it took at least an hour to get back in. Absolutely terrible! Why would they let so many people into the club? I understand they are a business and are trying to make as much profit as possible, but turning one of the best clubs in Vegas into a complete mess will make many people unhappy.... . As for all the other times I've been to XS, I've had great experiences so I guess you could say I have a bipolar relationship with this place. I've been able to see R3hab, Avicii, and Sebastian Ingrosso play here! I wish my Calvin Harris experience wasn't so bad but what can you do right? Can't expect a club as popular as XS to not be jam packed when a pretty big DJ comes to play. Everything about this place is super nice and plush. It makes me feel so happy inside. It looks beautiful all around, inside and out. . . Also, if you want to have a good time here, you haveee to be a fan of EDM!! If you're looking to bump and grind to some hip hop, this is not the place for you. But if you come with an open mind, you will probably have a good time here!
I think I came on an off night. My girlfriends and I came in on a Sunday night since XS doesn't have a guest list for Saturdays. . . Even though we were a group of girls on the guest list, we were in line FOREVER. It was nice that we got to get in for free and got a free drink. The line was killer, and the promoter we worked with wasn't very helpful. . . It's a beautiful venue with a lot of glitz. The pool area is really pretty, and it's definitely nice to have the fresh air. We were there on one of those "pool party" nights so we actually weren't allowed to be inside the club...so I was a little bummed about that. . . The pool party never really heated up that night. I've seen videos of how crazy these nights can get, but it was nothing like that when I was there. The club barely filled up. Everyone was sitting / standing around awkwardly. Only a couple brave souls were awkwardly dancing on the dance floor. It felt a lot like the dances I used to attend in middle school, where no one wanted to dance and all the boys and girls were standing on apposite sides of the room.. . I definitely want to give this place another shot. It really is a gorgeous club, and I've heard such great things about it. Maybe next time I'll just shell out some money and come on a Saturday night.
Nice club. Probably one of the best in the world. Many certainly advertise it as such.. . I've been to this place more than once. Was there a little over a week ago with some buddies. We paid over $2,200 for bottle service. Got a bottle of Crown Royal and a couple of bottles of basic vodka. . . While walking down the hallway to wait in line (we got there a little early), one of the bouncers said, "Don't stand in MY HALLWAY or I'm gonna kick you out!" I guess the hallway belonged to him. Other bouncers there weren't nice either. That's Vegas, though. It's all about supply and demand.. . The server that we got was kind of nice. She didn't smile too much, though, and at times, seemed like she was rather annoyed that she had to serve us. . . Aside from horrible service, we had a decent time. The place was packed. So packed, in fact, that we couldn't get back inside once we went outside (they closed the off, we were seated outside).. . I'd say don't get bottle service and pay $50 (I think that's the price for guys) to get in. Once you're in, you can be a squatter and just sit on other peoples chairs or cabanas or whater. That's what happened to us, people just came by with their girlfriends and just sat at our place for free. Heck, some even grab drinks from table. Ha.
Attended this club last week while celebrating my 21st birthday!. From what i remember this club was really fun! I got to WYNN around 10 pm and went straight to the bar, grabbed a drink and got right in line to XS. Being there early got me pretty much right in front with my buddies but they do favor the VIP, groupon and promoters lists and it seems they almost forget about GA haha. not a big deal just a heads up so you know what to expect!. . The one thing i did notice but wasnt the clubs fault is that it was very busy but it seemed nobody was dancing? they'd rather stand around and talk. Personally not my type of crowed because i go to clubs to dance and have fun.. . if you like to dance then id advise you going to RAIN @ the Palms! Its BIGGER, BETTER and i paid the same cover charge!
Beautiful venue. Big club. But  sad to say there's no place to sit except if you have bottle service.
I call this place "XS women" --- while it's a beautiful club, the ratios here are WAY OFF. I would say 2-3 women to every man. At one point I **couldn't even see** one man in any direction!!!  I'm taken and not looking, but still, it was a little ridiculous. . . It's also packed to the brim to the point where you can't even move...NOT my idea of a good time. Ladies: I recommend Surrender or Marquee. Guys: go here, you hit the jackpot! . . And if you're a girl w/ only girls, get on the list with a promoter & you can get in free.
This one is easy. 2.5 but rounding up because it is beautiful. The experience, not so much. . The place is effing gorgeous. Everything is grand and opulent, it is everything you should expect from Steve Wynn's newest hottest nightclub. Huge pool to walk around, surrounded by tables and cabanas and a pretty good vantage point of the dj booth from anywhere. Has almost the feel of an amusement park, very groomed.. . We didn't even walk through the inside section, but by the time it filled up, we wouldn't have been able to, and I was glad, it was way too packed. I like that people can spread out and the is still space to move, and that it has such large outdoor space, it feels good to breath non-sweaty air. . . Even though we got right in with pre-sale tix ($20/female), there is something about being here that is annoying. Almost feels like you are on a serving platter. Observers (typically male) will poke and prod at you with their violating eyes, approach you tactlessly, ignore the other people in your party, and just generally slather their douchebaggery all over you. The bartenders are snotty and take forever (granted they have to deal with a lot) and the drinks are weak and ridiculously priced (really). . . I concluded after this night, I am officially over it. Clubs have lost all appeal for me.. . Atmosphere: 5/5. . Clientele: 2/5. . Bartenders: 2/5. . Drinks: 2/5
XS is one of the top night clubs in the city. I've been there a few times to see some big name DJs I like. Entry is expensive and drinks are insanely expensive, but that's expected at a world class night club.. . It took a long time to get inside to see Calvin Harris, but the queue was very organized.. . Inside was insanely packed. They must have been over capacity. It was impossible to walk around inside and they weren't letting anyone else on the dance floor (too many ppl). That doesn't sound like any fun, anyways.. . So, we decided to check out the outside. We were facing the back of the DJ booth and the music wasn't that loud. It was frustrating because there were so many people inside, that once you left to go to the outside area, they would not let you back inside.. . So we just hung out at the bar outside. Not the ideal club experience, as I was not able to experience Calvin Harris the way I wanted (considering the $$ I paid to get in and how long I waited).. . I also saw 2 people get shoved into the outside pool, fully dressed. You should NEVER have to worry about someone pushing you into a pool at a night club.
$fifty cover for guys and $twenty cover for girls on a saturday...$thirty cover for guys on friday, sunday or monday...no discount for buying tickets online, but must enter by ten:thirty with online ticket...roughly $seventeen total per cocktail after tax and tip...bars can get crowded...reserve or pay for a table!...arrive at ten pm and no line....line starts forming eleven pm and after...poolside cabanas and speakers playing music from inside the club area...outdoor bar and small gambling island of tables middle...dance outside or inside the club....tables and booths inside the club...surrounding dance floor center and forward...dj front and center the main attractions...quickly packed to sardines by midnight...barely room to just wiggle or raise an arm up...club full and security blocking entrance from the outdoor pool area after midnight...slowly easing entrance again near two pm...music bumping, but no room to dance inside the club...crowds mostly there to observe the dj of the night...mostly young crowds....jersey shore crowds...old, but still trying to party crowds....few grey haired men trying to talk to the young girls....the bachelor guys...the bachelorette girls...birthday celebrations and "woo girls"....get me out of here!...
Went here when I turned 21 at midnight and I got to say, the club was crazy packed! The club looks really nice. The only reason why I gave it 3 stars because they played EDM all night and I'm not really a EDM fan but then which club in vegas isn't playing EDM now right? Lol
Wow this place is way over-hyped! . . Long line, and again didn't have to wait :D. . . Inside is nice, most definitely. Choice of music=terrible. The special DJ of the night was Diplo..whom I don't know. But, all the music he played, no one can really "dance" to. Unless you're jumping the whole time..which is just ridiculous. . . The pool is available to go into.. O.O Just sayin' girls..it's not sexy to go in. And prease wear a bra!! . . Outside is a nice little place to just get away from the crowd and relax. They have a good amount of seating area, which I like. . . Security is nice. Drinks were pretty good. Got my Kalua milk on. Maybe it was just the DJ of the night that I didn't like, or it's just always like that. Idk. . . Went to Drai's afterwards to get our dance on.
The first time I came here I loved it. I was hammered and newly in love, so that probably did the trick. Any place would have been amazing in my eyes.. . On my second to last Vegas trip we stayed at Encore and so we decided to go see Steve Aoki on one of his resident nights at XS. As much as I love me some Aoki, he was off that night and his general electronica beats became way too dubsteppy. Towards the end of the night most people didn't bother trying to dance (or should I say spazz out) to the tracks anymore.. . I had my fair share of free top-shelf drinks at the BlackJack and PaiGow tables before rolling into the club, so I decided to just drink water instead of dropping my life savings on the XS cocktails. That may have been the biggest mistake, as I slowly but surely sobered up and realized just how run down the club had gotten over the last couple of years. The inside smelled like vomit and gym locker room, the private tables and booths showed their rough abuse even in the dark, and the ground outside (pool side) was so sticky that I "lost" my high-heel sandals a few times as they decided to stick to the unidentifiable substances. . . Sorry, XS, but you have lost your lack luster. I can now be found at Marquee.
Hate to be a buzzkill on all the 5 star reviews, but XS was only okay for me (probably cuz I'm not a fan of house music). . . Agreed, this is a beautiful club. I was here on a slow Sunday night in November, so the outdoor patio was closed and there wasn't a ton of people here, which was a shame. We got hooked up with a promoter who got us free entry and a couple of drink tickets each, so the night was pretty much free.. . Never seen such a brightly lit dancefloor, which is quite unnerving (the whole point of a nightclub is that it's dark so you can't see who you're dancing with, right?).. . I'd like to come back to check out the patio when it's open.. . I also like how the tags for coatchecks are bracelets rather than slips of paper that can be easily lost. It's the little details, people....
Very trendy nightclub in the Wynn hotel.  Nice layout and modern vibe but a bit too young for me.  Music was good and good turnout but just a bit too crowded for me.
Decent venue, well run, drinks are about what you'd expect. Overall you need to go when there is a good DJ, we had some second rate DJs who aren't local, but aren't good. It was a fun time, but the music needs to be much better to really enjoy it.
Saturday Night, if you don't have table service, guys are $50. and girls are um  (I forget)..... . The tables service is descent, the staffs are not friendly.  . . DJ Warren Peace were spinning that night and my husband did not want to leave ... esp to his favorite place, Sapphire !!   . . We had fun, it was my birthday weekend and I sure live it up...  I want to tell you more, but it's a blurr now.. . If you're in LV, do check it out.
This used to be my favorite nightclub until I went to Marquee.. . I really don't like the 1 hour wait and how unorganized they are with the guestlist. My friend's boyfriend put us on the guestlist and we couldn't find the promoter that was in charge of it so it was frustrating! $50 for guys and $20 for girls.. . The place was packed beyond crazy. There was literally no room to move on the dance floor at all.. . The reason why I like Marquee better is because they have confetti, steam, laser effects, dancers with crazy costumes on, and glowstick distribution everywhere- XS did not have any of these except the few glowsticks. . . Oh and somebody gave us their table because they were leaving and the b**** bottle service girl kicked us out even though she was off for the night. Anyways, not as fun as Marquee.
I feel like there is a lot of hype for XS being one of the hottest clubs in LV but there were a few things that turned me off.. . Cons:. - IT GETS REALLY CROWDED. It's nice to know the club is poppin but I couldn't get cray cray when all these people are just passing me trying to get through the dance floor. It was getting annoying :(. - The female body outlines along the walls seems too sexualized. I like the idea and it looks artistic but I'm feeling like a strong feminist against it since they outlines boobs, nipples and all. - AMF costs $17 + $1 tip = $18 of blue diluted sugar water. . Here's what I thought the pros were for XS:. + Sexy people partying all in one place (except the nasty you-know-what that my friends and I met at the bar). + In the cabana outside, you can still hear Afrojack perform loud and clear. + Club doesn't close until 5:30am so you can definitely get cray cray here until the break of dawn :)
Another cheesy Vegas club but this is one of the few clubs to come to if you are in Vegas.  It will suck if you are a guy with no table or an unattractive girl in terms of getting in I'm sure.  If you don't want to stand in line, a Benjamin Franklin to the security will get you in on a busy night.
Went to Vegas the past weekend for the usual: clubbing, gambling, drinking, etc. Our group decided to go to XS to see Afrojack so we all bought our tickets in advance via wanticket.com (Guys, buy your admission through wanticket.com; there's a separate line for wanticket holders so you don't have to wait in a long line or pay your way to cut the line!). . XS is no different from the usual Vegas clubs: you got the party people jam packed in the middle of the dance floor leaving no room to move or dance, you got the high rollers on the tables INSIDE of XS and those that still wanted a table but couldn't really afford the $$$ on the outside tables of XS. . . I do wish that the Vegas clubs have some kind of maximum capacity because always at around 1-2am, it just gets impossible to maneuver through the dance floor and people just start pushing their way through. GIRLS, PUSHING WON'T GET YOU THROUGH ANY CROWD, THAT IS HOW YOU GET YOUR HAIR RIPPED OUT BY ANOTHER BELLIGERENT DRUNK. . . Besides the crowd issue, XS is a nice venue with the inside being the dance floor and the outside being a more relaxed open area.
I was here on a Sunday night and boy, it was CROWDED!I had people breathing down my neck. their sweat dripping all over mine, and I could barely move; let alone dance...It was an event night with guest star "Afrojacks." . . The drinks were overpriced ($16 for patron shots, $9 beers, and $14 glass of red wine), and the service was okay. A fight broke out that night near the bathroom area so I couldn't even go to the restroom for an hour. I had to exit the club to use the restroom near one of the restaurants and then reenter. . . Tips:. 1. Come before midnight so you won't have a problem getting in.. 2. There are tons of promoters on the strip after 5PM that you can go to for free admission cards which includes one free drink per person. Just walk around the strip, you're bound to bump into at least one. **THIS ONLY APPLIES IF YOUR GROUP IS ALL GIRLS**They give you a ticket voucher at the door for your free drink.
One of the better and classier clubs in Las Vegas!. Here's the worst kicker.. $8 for soda water from the gun, basically carbonated tap - almost unforgivable. Come on Babe, REALLLY?!?!  . [Source: I used to be a Bartender]
This club is great when you're drunk with your friends but right as you walk in, it smells like barf!!!  They really need to do something about the carpet if they want to be considered as an upscale go to place in Vegas!. . Besides that, this place can get pretty packed depending on which DJ is spinning. Would highly recommend getting a table if you are in a big group just so that you can actually have an area to hang out at.. . This is a good place but can be even better with just minor changes on smell & not making some bottle service tables seem so crappy.
So many people told me what a great nightclub this was. Overall I wasn't impressed. . . The line to get in was huge but it was very well organized. What I didn't like was the bar area. It was extremely crowded. . . There were 3 problems. 1) There weren't enough bartenders. 2) The bartenders weren't taking people in order. I was stood near right up at the counter for a very long time before I got a manager to help me. 3) There weren't enough bar areas. A crowded club like that should have more.. . I might consider going there again but only if I get a table with bottle service. There are other night clubs I'd like to try out before that though.
Not so bad. The entrance looks like a hotel check-in. The security team here was cool, which is refreshing for a club on the strip. Usually security crew's think they are real cops with a Napoleon complex.. . It was a week day when I went, so it wasn't too crowded. Lil Jon was playing and he's a decent DJ. . . Since I'm a local and I usually avoid the strip, I was (as usual) SHOCKED when I was told it was $52 for a beer, wine, and a shot for the the birthday boy. This is why I stay away from the strip. Not that it is their fault - that's how they pay their rent. I wish clubs like this would offer local prices even when it comes to drinks. Because seriously we could just stash alcohol in our car and run in and out of the club. It's not like we're staying in a hotel and have no way to get more booze. Just a thought!. . Overall, compared to Haze, Tryst, ... (and all the other clubs I've been to but can't remember at the moment), this one was pretty decent. Moon is still my favorite, but XS wasn't bad.
Great place to dance and have a good time. BUT beware, it gets PACKED, cover gets doubled/tripled after certain hours, ppl will grope & pickpocket & drinks are overpriced. So once the whole crowd in line is allowed in, good luck trying to find a spot to dance on the dance floor. Great DJ guests however. So I guess that makes up for it. . Unfortunately, I lost my cell phone there. Worse part of it, it was stolen by an employee who refused to turn it into Lost & Found [then again, who'd turn in an iPhone 4, right?]. Had to make police report and internal report with hotel security who told me "you waive your rights and liability once you leave the club so nothing can be done now." [gee, thanks, XS. Was I supposed to camp out there?]. So far, the idiot who stole my phone hasn't gotten the point that it has a tracking software on it. Went from being pinned during after hours at XS to a neighborhood in Las Vegas. Now Im waiting for next location to be pinned to report back to LVPD. . Other than losing my phone and dealing with horrible customer service, its an OK club if you don't mind large crowds, long lines, and possible employees jacking your stuff. [Whats the point of Lost & Found then?]
Came here for my 21st. Had really high expectations for the club considering the high ratings on Yelp.. . Was able to get in with 5 other of my girl friends for free. Would definitely recommend trying to get in touch with a promoter! We got free drinks as well. However the bartender took forever to get to us and make our drinks. But it was free so I can't complain too much.. . The club is packed packed packed. Hardly any room on the dance floor, everyone is squished together. Even outside was packed.. . I was surprised at how many older people were at the club. Most guys seemed like in their very late 20s or early 30's. Wasn't expecting that.. . DJ: Casette was fun! Really wished Vegas clubs now a days played SOME hip hop. . . Very nice restrooms!
Visited XS for Memorial Day weekend.  Me and a group of frriends all bought tickets to see Afrojack but all we could see is the back of him. We didn't even get inside the nightclub portion because a security guard at the door said it was at capacity. I bought a ticket to see Afrojack, not to just here his music and walk around a park. We finally made our way into the club and were impressed but felt we were mislead that most of our time was spent in the park OUTSIDE of the actual venue.
Overall it was just "Ok", it was way too packed  and drinks were a bit expensive coming in at about $25 dollars + tip.  Lines were pretty long, expect to wait 1-2 hours in line.  The bright side is that the DJ playing was great, and as you would expect in Vegas, lots of beautiful people.
Another round of bachlorette partying took place at XS Nightclub. Of course, there was no cover and I felt we were in the special "bachelorette/birthday/divorce" party line, for huge groups of ladies celebrating something. I won't complain. It was the express line for club entry.. . There's a huge outdoor area with bar to mingle. There are also cabanas to rent if you want private seating and bottle service. There's an indoor dance floor with pole and go-go dancers. The one thing that I didn't like about the place is that it smelled like dried stale chlorinated carpet. Funky. So much so, it was kinda too gross to hang inside. . . Drink prices are on par for location. Dress to impress, of course. By the time we left the club, a little after midnight, there were hordes (hordes!) of folks trying to get in. Ridiculously crowded that made it a bit uncomfortable. Maybe it was because it's Saturday. Maybe it was because it's a long weekend. Maybe it was both. . . Thankfully, it didn't take long to catch a cab and make our escape for some gambling back at the Cosmopolitan. If it weren't for the stale chlorine smell and the crazy crowd, I may have upped it a star. As it is, it gets 3-stars from me.
XS was my GOTO CLUB back in the day, and it although it's disappointed a few times most of the times I've been have been great. Back in college we would always try to get in for free and get a bunch of girls to go with us and have their boobs hanging out so we could cut and get in for free, worked out great back then but recently either they are getting more strict or the girls I've been going with have been getting uglier, who knows! but after having to wait in line a few times we decided to get presale the last 2 times I went and it's worked out great. . pretty much no wait at all in the presale line and got in QUICK, they give hand stamps for reentry so you can go in and out all you want. . . The outside area is usually pretty roomy and you can walk around and stuff and the dance floor/indoor area is always pretty packed. but this past weekend when I went for avicii it was PACKED everywhere, couldn't even more. I can't say i'm surprised since I mean it was avicii!!! . . overall, usually great music and a good place to go clubbing in vegas, but with so many new clubs opening up XS better up their game somehow to stay in the game. . I also suggest checking out. surrender. marquee. light. hakkasen
Still one of the better night clubs in Las Vegas despite the opening of MGM Grand's Hakkasan and Mandalay Bay's The Light. I guess part of the reason is that XS is located inside Encore, which is still one of the nicest hotels on the strip. The ridiculously long line that wraps around the outside of the club can be jaw dropping. Either plan to queue up before the club opens or find a reliable promoter that will walk you in. Small groups of well-dressed ladies should have no trouble doing this. As far as cover is concerned, I've never had to pay, but guys should expect to pay at least $30+. Peak weekends might even cost $100/guy.. . XS is a big club with gorgeous decor and a sprawling layout. There's an indoor section with multiple bars and tables encircling a dance floor with the DJ in the center. The dance floor isn't small, but there's always so many people there that you feel like you're in a mosh pit. Fortunately, there are two pole sections at the front of the dance floor for the drunk ladies to get their dance on. For those who want some fresh air as they drink their night away, there's an outdoor section that is more chill and spacious. It comes with a giant pool, more bars, upstairs cabana tables worth $$$$$, and a small gambling area. The only downside is that you can't really hear the music.. . The crowd is mixed (there ARE a lot of Asians) and everybody's dressed to impress. Drinks run at your typical Vegas prices of around $15/drink. The DJs are mainstream headlining giants so expect all the Top 40 EDM radio hits. Expect a lot of fist pumping and glowstick waving.. . My biggest complaint about this club is...THE SMELL. Dear lord. For some reason, the whole club smells like the armpit of a dude who hasn't showered for a week. Maybe something died in the rafters but they need to find the source and exterminate it. Please just put some Febreeze in the air conditioning because the stench is toxic. . . I guess if you drink enough alcohol, you probably won't notice.
This place is big enough to have two stages, so why was there only one?  They should take out the gambling tables and set up a DJ booth right there. It didn't make sense to me to PAY a cover and then go gamble? You can gamble ANYWHERE in Vegas, why would you do it at a club?. . Other than that, this place is nice, super crowded dance floor. Later during the night when it got more packed, people were dancing in the pool. Cool.
My bf and I had prepaid tickets to see Avicci here. Once you navigate the maze to get to the prepaid ticket line, getting in the club didn't take too long. Do I think this place is beautiful? Yes. It oozes opulence and luxury, and the outside looks beautiful at night, sandwiched between the 2 Wynn buildings. Until Avicci came on, they basically played the same beat for hours. Boring! The crowd leaned heavily on the Asian side. It took about 20 minutes to get a drink once the club got packed, so order as much as you can once you finally make it to the bar. I'd probably come back, but there are so many other options in Vegas. After all the good things I've heard about XS, I was slightly disappointed.
Last time I was here, I came with 3 girls, who got in immediately and I was directed into a separate line. Then I proceeded to wait in line for 2 hours before I was able to see the front desk where patrons were paying cover. During those 2 hours, I watched people pay an extra bill or two to the line ushers to cut to the front of the line. I'm assuming that this is one of the reasons why the cheap "I-already-am-going-to-pay-$55-to-get-in" line is barely budging... haha. I also discovered that you can get the pre-sale tickets online before 8 pm (I believe...) for $30 (depending on the event) and you won't have to wait in line! SO DO THAT!. . It does take a little planning but I would totally recommend it!
I went for free with my company. It was private for my company in the beginning then it opened to the public. There was no where to sit. And this was just with my company. Then when it opened to the public there was no where to move. For free I would go again. If I had to pay I'd skip it.
The environment is what everyone raves about, which is understandable because it is beautiful. However, the check-in line sucks!!!!
Great DJ on Monday's. Make sure you get a table with bottle service, or you'll spend half the night in line waiting to order drinks at the bar. And if you want to dance, pick a booth inside! Starts to pick up after 2 AM.
XS is still my favorite club in Las Vegas. I've been to Light & Hakkasan and I still love XS! I do however, have a HUGE COMPLAINT which is why I'm taking off 2 stars, the inside of the club reaks of vomit & stinky feet!! I came here the weekend of Nov 1st, and my sister warned me that her last time to XS, she said it smelled like nasty foot odor and throw-up. I didn't believe her and told her it was probably a one time thing (since I've been here so many times and never experienced any foul smells). But, boy was I wrong!!! Right upon entering the club, it stunk so bad I had to plug my nose! I couldn't believe my favorite club has lost its "classy" reputation. I am very disappointed so I hope XS reads these comments & decides to clean their carpets or take notice of this and change something! Other than that, I still enjoyed myself because the outdoor of XS is amazing! I like the crowd, I like the ambience and I love the music. Feddie Le Grand was the DJ that night & I had the time of my life. . . I still love you XS but PLEASE do something about that raunchy smell inside your club. If you are indeed one of the hottest nightclubs in all of Las Vegas, you have to maintain that standard! . . Btw, Light nightclub is also another place that smells like feet (and it's a very new club)! Also, Tryst smells like feet & vomit too. Lol.
Have to admit that I have not been to many clubs in Las Vegas. However, we decided to check it out. We ended up waiting in line for two hours which soured my mood. Once we got in, the place was smaller than I expected and there was one dj on the stage. There were lots of asians and indians at this club. The dance floor was so crowded that I could hardly move. The outdoor area was also too small.  I think Tao is much better.
Maybe I have a really high expectation to this most famous club in Las Vegas, it is just not good enough! If you have been to Coco Bonco in Cancun, you expect the best club in Las Vegas should be much better. We arrived around 1030. The line was already long. We got in fast because we had more girls than guys. But the club was half empty. The club got full around 1130. The music was nice, and of course the decoration. The alcohol, and the coat check service were extremely expensive!! I strongly recommend everyone not bring jacket or bag there. The price is higher than you take taxi back to your hotel to put your stuff then take taxi back. Overall, it is good but it is not good enough to be called The Club in Las Vegas.
