Everyone in Phoenix has been to Fez besides my hubby and I...until now. We stopped on our way to see an awesome movie at Filmbar(see next review). From the street, this place looked super hopping. We were nervous because we did not have time to wait for a table. It was a Monday, for gosh sakes, I could not believe this place was packed! When we walked in, we realized it was a facade; the inside of the restaurant was pretty empty and the patio was not as packed as I thought. The bar is super cool, but we decided to sit outside. Anyone who knows me will think this comment is weird, but the whole allowing smoking on the patio is a fail. Because the space has a ceiling, it seems pretty compact, so the 2 smokers on the patio kind of filled the place with smoke. Typically I am not opposed, but because we were not drinking and it was an early Monday evening, the smoke was a bit much. I would definitely be more inclined to not mention the smoke on a weekend. Anyway, the hubby and I decided to split the bruschetta and the Tangier Burger. We stuck to iced tea after over-imbibing over the weekend. Our waitress was very sweet and attentive. She brought our food out shortly after we ordered. The burger was perfect; perfectly prepared and the sauces simply complimented the burger and bun. I would definitely get it again. I did not like the sweet potato fries, simply because I am not a fan of sweets, but my hubby loved them. Not as pumped about the bruschetta. It comes with several different types of bread and is more of a dipping bruschetta. It came with ramekins of artichoke dip, yummy pesto, and some kind of tomato saucy dip. Not bad but just not that excited about it. Seemed kinda bread sticky instead of bruschetta-ish. We will definitely return to try their Margaritas, which looked fabulous. I suggest splitting the burger because its huge!
The food Is pretty decent. We had bruschetta plate, sweet potato fries, seafood kibis, lamb chops, and apricot salmon. The seafood kibis are similar to a crab cake. Mostly filler and not a whole lot of seafood. But for the price you aren't going to find a lot of lobster. The bruschetta is a make your own style with three different breads and three different topping. Its good. Nothing amazing. The Lamb chops were very good. Perfect seasonings, not to heavy but just enough. Only 4 chops with the meal. Again, you cant expect a whole rack for the price. I did not try the salmon but they glaze wasn't the most appetizing . It looked like it was poured straight from a store bought jar. The veggies on both entrees were tasty and cooked nicely. The sweet potato fries were the highlight. I tend to prefer things on the savory side compared to sweet. But the cinnamon dusting was fitting. Dipping sauce was on the sweet side also. I think it was some sort of honey mayo sauce. We tried all the different margaritas. It was happy hour after all. Overall they were tasty, but not very strong considering how many we drank. Best were apricot, and orange citrus. Honeydew melon was almost unbearably sweet, bright green with Midori. Ambiance and decor of the place is great. Service is good.
Loved the ambiance!  Great music, trendy decor and delicious menu.  . . They were able to accommodate a large party (although did not seem super excited about having to wait on large party).  Great drink menu...martini, martini, martini!     . . The food was fantastic...GARLIC LOVERS ONLY if you wish to try the . hummus.  Totally worth the garlic breath (for days).  . . I would visit again!
I am always on the fence with Fez because when I first moved to Phoenix I ate there almost every weekend.  After a long hiatus I returned last night to have dinner with some friends.  I had a burger with the salad and it was very good, as good as I remember.  The combination of dijon mustard and cibata bread makes this burger taste so good.. . I really dont care for much else on the menu besides the burgers but when in doubt you can never go wrong with the burger.
Don't be fooled by the 3 star rating. As much as I do like this restaurant. I can just think of a lot of others that I would choose before coming here again. . . Food was good, service good and there were pretty people everywhere. . . We asked about the $3 beer special and our server said we missed it, then 10 minutes later we overheard another server offer it to the table next to us. Luckily they had plenty of the $9 martini's. (said sarcastically)
Good times w/ friends leaving town :(  Good food (Balsamic blue burger) and sampled a few great desserts (dulce de Leche mousse, walnut brownie w/ vanilla ice cream, and my tiramisu)!  Oh, and the $3 Apricosmo 'tini I had?  Didn't even finish half of it, but I was able to forget about my shoulder/neck/head pain for a couple of hours :). . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fez-phoenix?select=jWfkluGQ19E9ByVKEjgW5w#jWfkluGQ19E9ByVKEjgW5w. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/fez-phoenix?select=T7js7rt71W9k4dsfWnL7Ng#T7js7rt71W9k4dsfWnL7Ng. . Psst!  Did you get a look at that haboob that whipped through the Phoenix valley?
Went to for b day dinner while back great atmosphere food and drinx.
I have been to Fez a few times now each time with a group. I really like the flat bread and hummus but other than that there really isn't anything remarkable about this place. I've tried some of the salads but each time they were filled with wilted fruits and vegetables. I found it upsetting when one of my friends was charged extra for a side dish when the waiter asked her which one she wanted. We assumed it as included. Our waiter just seemed greedy.
I'd give Fez 3.5 stars.. . I went here a few weeks ago, guided by Yelp to try something new. The ambiance left something to be desired. It was so dark I could hardly see my hand in front of me, and since I already have bad eyesight, I really didn't like that. The viewout the window is of a Kinko's (or maybe a FedEx?) across the street, which is quite an accomplishment, given how scenic downtown can be. It was just too trendy for its own good. . . I can't complain at all about the food I received - my mushroom/cheese burger was absolutely outstanding, and they accommodated my request for a lettuce wrap rather than a bun without blinking. My dinner companion reported that the pasta was nothing special.
If you are one of those "love city life" people then this is the place for you . The modern hipster decor and lounge house music is a little redundant since a lot of places in downtown Phoenix look and sound the same. The portions are nice and food was tasty for the price. The waitress seemed less than enthusiastic with her service after we declined to have drinks with our meal.
Cinnamon and sugar on sweet potato fries. Not what should come with a burger! Buffalo Wild Wings, where ya at? Good beers.
My one trip to FEZ was definitely delicious. The double D.. . We ordered the Fez Veggie Burger with spicy fries and a Fez salad. Descriptive enough? The salad consisted of: mixed field greens with toasted almonds, goat cheese, cinnamon marinated pears, dried cherries, and a pomegranate vinaigrette. The veggie burger: grilled cumin & garlic black bean burger on fresh wheat ciabatta with roasted tomato goat cheese spread; iceburg radish, red onion slaw. . . I'm not an onion person and i'm not a slaw person. So when you put the two together, I seriously cringe. i scrapped that portion off real fast although, my boyfriend said "the slaw made the burger." Apparently I missed out. . . The service was just fine and the food was good but theres really nothing about this place that moves the mark for me. Its interior has a "fast food" meets modern club feel to it and the music was bad and hard to ignore. I doubt i'll get "Fez Cravings" anytime soon but if you've never been, go check it out!
One of our long-time employees was leaving the company (after about 15 years) so a decent-sized group of us came to Fez for a send-off lunch yesterday. I myself had suggested it to the event decision-maker, but had never been before - I just know that it's had a lot of good reviews, the pics of the menu items on Yelp looked tasty and it's only a few blocks from where I work.. . tl;dr: I wasn't impressed. Details as follows: Most of my coworkers wouldn't know flavour if it kicked them in the face, so out of about 14 people, quite predictably the All American burger was the most popular choice. Might as well have all gone to Jack in the Box instead and saved 50%, but whatever. I decided to grab a large basket of garlic and rosemary fries to share with the three at my end of the table, and (unusually for me) chose a salad as an entree. I selected the Barcelona Butterleaf Salad. The fries were pretty good, nothing mindblowing, but the salad was below par. I wasn't after anything fancy, but the nuts were NOT candied like shown on the menu, they were just plain cashews - and the salad was absolutely fucking DRENCHED in the dressing. As in, so much that the lettuce was wilted and I was wincing with each mouthful toward the end because of the extreme vinegary zing. They could have gotten away with a quarter of the amount they put on. I thought that some pickled beet might be nice on the salad and asked if that was an ingredient they could provide. Nope.. . I asked a workmate what he thought of his blue cheese burger. He had asked them for a couple of pepperoncinis - again, nada. They offered him chili pepper flakes instead. Basically he told me that it was okay but the meat lacked flavour. Nobody at our table seemed particularly overjoyed. As for me, I don't think I'd want to eat a burger with ciabatta bread. How about a sesame seed bun instead? Too traditional - for an All American burger? Evidently.. . This is yet another place that imposes a mandatory tip for large parties - that tip, of course, is your penalty for bringing more clientele into the establishment and forcing the restaurant to make just that much more money. Because it sure wasn't to ensure that all meals were served at the same time to the guests. One of our guys had to wait several minutes for his burger to come out.. . Three stars, and I probably won't be back - not as long as there are places like Pho Thanh in the vicinity where you can get double the taste and double the amount of chow for half the price. Not for a place with this level of mediocrity. Seventeen bucks for a shit salad and about ten fries - GOD I wish Pork on a Fork, Greek Wraps and Indian Paradise weren't 20 min drives away.
Food was good service was great but be sure to order one of the many salads just wonderful also the kisra.  Was a plus doing it in Arizona.....
Fez was pretty good but SO expensive. They have limited drink specials and depending on what you get the drink may or not be strong. . . Our server was so sweet and the place looks awesome, but the actual menu prices would deter me from going back for Happy Hour. There was nothing special about it. . . However, I wouldn't mind trying it out during their brunch hours.
Yes, another case of following the wrong Yelp!  I love burgers.  This place was supposed to have great burgers; mine came out cold, without the fries we ordered, without ketchup.  Does the wonderful interior make up for it? Well, after the waiter saw that I like warm food, he stepped it up and delivered an A-OK burger.  The sweet potato fries and molten chocolate thingie far surpassed the burgers, but then again there are very little choices in Phoenix after 9PM.  It almost seems like we're on Eastern time.
Went for lunch, ordered the Lamb Sliders.  . . Was not disappointed.  Four small patties came on pita bread with a tzatziki-style sauce, diced cucumber, tomato and a few sprigs of cilantro.   . . Something about they didn't have any patties pre-made, so they had to make them to order.. Not complaining about that!  . . Also had iced tea, which was definitely not fresh - but also definitely not awful.  Meh-worthy, I'd say.  . . Food = great.  . . Service = ok.. . Atmosphere = not bad.
I've been coming here for years - both take out and dine-in - and most of the time i get the same thing - barcelona butterleaf salad with added cucumbers.  in 2013 they've decided to start nickel and diming for everything.  last night was the first time i was charged not only for the cucumbers but also a take out fee.  i was surprised by this.
Hip, mid priced, great food, modest portions on some plates.  It's a cool little joint for the gay crowd.  Nothing spectacular though.
It's good, but it's not great.
Normally, a flawless experience from start to finish, but admittedly I've never been here in a Monday night which was much quieter than usual.. . I came on a Monday for the $4 margaritas and to try one of their $6 Baja burgers (apparently offered on Mondays only) as my friend's roommate raved about their burgers in general.. . As not terribly busy as the restaurant was, they still seemed under staffed.  My waiter seemed anxious to get my complete order right away as opposed to telling me about their specials, getting my drink order and giving me a few minutes with the menu while he retrieved my margarita.  Instead I had to inquire what their specials were and once I did he awkwardly stood by my side while waiting for me to decide on my menu selection before I finally asked if he could give me a few minutes to decide and get me my drink.  At that point he disappeared for a good seven minutes not even sending my drink to my table until he finally returned.. . You wouldn't have know it either, as the restaurant is so dimly lit, but it was unmistakable when I rested my right forearm on the table in something sticky that the table had not been properly wiped down.  So when the waiter finally returned with my drink, I asked him to wipe the table down at which point he disappeared for another few minutes.. . Drink in hand and table cleaned, I asked if the burger came with anything and was informed that it was just the burger, no sides of any kind. Okay, fair enough.  Having eaten here many times, I double checked the menu for one of my favorite salads, the Casa Azul Wedge salad, and ordered the half version.  But was I glad I did as the burger alone certainly would not have been enough food.. . And speaking of the burger, I'm no lightweight when it comes to jalapenos (I keep a Costco size container in my refrigerator at home and eat them right out of the container), but you really have to love jalapenos to deal with this burger.  Frankly, it over powers the burger that all you taste is the jalapenos.  And speaking of jalapenos, when was the last time your were served slices of jalapenos complete with the stem intact?!?!?  (See accompanying photo.)   :-(. . All in all, not my best experience at Fez by a long shot ... especially with one staff member interrupting the gentle relative calm of the environs with a very loud piercing cackle of a laugh.. . Will I come back to Fez?  Not for the remainder of this visit, no --I still have four more days here and was planning one more meal here.  But during next year's annual pilgrimage, yes of course I'll be back and hopefully tonight's experience will have just been an anomaly.
I've been going to the Fez on and off for about 5 years. I have to say a couple of years ago, I would have given them a 5. The food is delicious, usually doesn't disappoint, the staff however, leaves much to be desired and is the reason for a 3. I highly recommend the black bean burger, and the rosemary chicken sandwich.
The appetizers are delicious but a bit pricy. The drinks are good, though! Nice beer selection and a very friendly staff. It's also LBGTfriendly, which is a great reason to patronize this welcoming establishment in the Phoenix community :)
Food was good, but the crowds at lunch and the fact you sit SOOO close to your neighbors (you hear every bit of their conversation, no way not to), it is really annoying.
Came for mother's day brunch and ordered "the best egg white omelette you will ever have". They must be referring to the amount of oil included on the plate. . . They include French Bread with every dish, unless you specifically ask for the kisra. Don't get me wrong, the bread is delicious but also quite greasy.. . One of the dishes came with cinnamon fruit. It was a great dessert although I couldn't differentiate apples from pears from bananas, which look and should taste quite different.. . At least they admitted their jelly is smuckers.. . If the drink says muddled they are just kidding, lolz heart. . Food isnt garbage though and waiters are a good time, at they pretend to be fun... 3 stars. . I've heard rumors the FEZ benedict is delicious and french toast a.k.a. more greasy french bread is dry and greasy (you would think it were a contradiction, but really dry and hard).. . #jew, you ate your whole disgusting meal
Perfect for after work happy hour . . Food- wasn't great but I heard they are known for their burgers- so I need to back and try them . Vibe- upbeat, trendy and has a "feel good" atmosphere . Parking- where? . Service- ehhh.. I can't remember, so it must not have been either of the two extremes.
I love their have price martini nights.  Their food is pretty good, and their hummus is to die for.  However, having to pay two dollars for fries (even with a burger) is very, very annoying.
Love this place! The sweet potato fries are bomb! The waiters are so nice and make the atmosphere even more fun! If you like blue cheese, definitely get the blue cheese burger
I am a huge fan of Switch, so I had high hopes for FEZ since they have the same ownership, but sadly it did not live up to my expectations.. . We were there on a Monday night, just in time for happy hour so we did get some cheap margaritas.  I tried the watermelon, which was nice and refreshing and I did love the whimsical touch of it being garnished with a gummy worm!. . We all ordered burgers, I wasn't feeling too adventurous that night so I just went with the regular cheeseburger.  I asked for it to be cooked medium rare and for no Dijon mustard and then I upgraded to the spicy fries.  The plate came out looking great, but once I cut my burger in half, it was clear that it was well done, I was too hungry to send it back so I just ate it, although it was even harder to eat because of the massive amounts of Dijon mustard that were on the bun, another fail for the burger. I tried to scrape as much of it off as I could, but I couldn't get it all.  I don't hate Dijon mustard, I just find it to be very overpowering and was not in the mood for it and that was about all I could taste.  The spicy fries were quite tasty, and I liked their dipping sauce, but I was pretty disappointed in my burger.. . If I try FEZ again I think I will avoid the burgers...but then again...I will probably just go to Switch instead.
These entrees have too many adjectives for me, and they seem to focus more on food as an "experience" and not food as a means to eat and be full. . . For what it's worth, I have several friends that love telling people they are "foodies" that really liked the look and feel of this place.. . Please note: just because -I- didn't like it does NOT mean this is a bad place to be. I have heard wonderful things about the owner, his legendary Yelp gettogethers, and the restaurant's dedication to offering fresh, interesting food.. . Next time we go, I'll probably just go wait next door at the Siu Wok eating my $6 combo in shame while my friends Fez it up.
I've been in for cocktails multiple times as it is one of my friend's favorites. I've never been very impressed by the taste of the cocktails in comparison to the cheaper alternatives around. I recently went for lunch the other day and ordered a chicken sandwich and a basket and fries. The food was quite good, but the prices were outrageous for the the taste. Additionally, when we went for food, despite being one of the few tables, our service was terrible. Although the waiter was upbeat and nice, he rarely checked in, our drinks went un-attended and any requests we had were rarely able to be asked. Please keep in mind we were in full view of the waiter at all times as the restaurant is extremely small and he had very few tables. Not impressed.
I really enjoyed my burger the first time I went in, but the second time, it was a bit cold like it had been sitting out a while before being served. The restaurant itself is bright and cheery, I love the colors and the good lighting. Service was okay, much better the first time I went in. I probably wouldn't go again, unless someone I am hanging out with wants to go. There are better burger shops around.
I've been here a few times and have had different experiences each time so I am giving it a three star rating. I think the food can be fantastic depending on what you order, and service has been hit or miss in my experiences. The last time I went with my son just the two of us and the server was great, but the sauce on the caper/chicken dish tasted like it came out of a powder packet, same with the rice pilaf. My son liked his burger by in my opinion focaccia bread is too thick to put a big hunk of meat inside. We asked for medium well and it was pretty much charred. However, the previous visit I was with my bestie and we had THE BEST experience. The artichoke dip and kisra bread was great and my egg white omelette with harissa was lovely. She really enjoyed her breakfast sandwich. . . I will definitely continue visiting FEZ since I live so close and will check out their happy hour as well.
very busy and loud, tables are a little cramped.  Food was pretty good, not outstanding, service was very attentive and good.
I had lunch here during a business trip.  Was told it was good.  Very nice place and a pretty decent menu.  Not much in the way of veggie meals, so I went with what I thought was simply a veggie burger.  To my unfortunate surprise, it turned out to be a black bean burger, something I simply do not like.  It has this smell  and taste to it that does not suit my palate.  The best part of this meal turned out to be the appetizer: the artichoke dip. Absolutely delicious.  And I like the Republic Tea in a bottle.. . Service was pretty good during a busy lunch day.  With so many options these days, one shot is all you get with me and if the food is not overly satisfying, I will not return.  In this case, it was about half and half and I would be willing to try again.  This place was recommended by someone whose opinion I respect, so I would try again.
food seems OK but disappointed in the martini menu they brag about. They *taste* good, but a proper martini - sissified or not - should put you at least halfway on your butt after one. These don't. They have the effect of drinking a Bud. Next time I'll bring in a couple airline bottles to spike them for the proper effect. I think for $9.50 you can go a little heavier on the alcohol, FEZ.
This was not my first trip to FEZ.  I have been there before for dinner and happy hour.  Their food is excellent and so is the service.  This particular trip to FEZ was slightly disappointing, but I can say that I will still return.  Let me set the scene..... My mother met me at work to take her to lunch for her birthday.  It was her and I along with my grandmother and Aunt.  The older ladies were a bit put off by the menu, but got the cheeseburger and LOVED it.  My mom and I shared the shrimp kisra.  I was disappointed that they did not have the $8.95 lunch special advertised on their website, but the kisra was very good.... until... we found a hair.  It was blatantly not one of our own and so we beckoned Candace, our server, to replace the plate and she did promptly.  The second kirsa was not as crispy as the first, but is was sans hair so that was fine.  All in all we enjoyed lunch, but the experience wasn't that great.  The manager, who was supposed to bring us dessert, comped the kisra instead and never stopped by our table, which I thought to be a bit classless.  However, Candace was wonderful and understanding.  She worked quite well in an awkward situation and because of her, I will be dining at FEZ again in the future.  Just hopefully there will be no unwanted extras on my plate.
Pretty tasty. Good burgers, good food. Definitely a place to check out!
A bit overrated, but they did have a great chicken sandwich with pesto.  Outside of that, everything is just overloaded with garlic, and I love garlic.  Service is really good, but the food isn't as great as I was expecting.
I've been to Fez several times but it is more for convenience than great food. Their food leans towards Mediterranean but their menu does offer other items as well. One note - check out their late night happy hour. I think it starts at ten.
I think the food is great.  Fez has been making sweet potato fries for longer than 90 percent of the hip eateries that are moving away from mass produced yellow spuds.  The spices are great, the prices are not.  Sometimes you will get great service, sometimes you won't.  Sometimes the misters on the patio are working, sometimes they are not.  The music is too loud.  Most of the time it is too dark.  Except during lunch time.  I would definitely eat lunch here, stick to eating and drinking the specials and enjoying the little bit of natural sun that creeps in.  Just make sure you don't have to go back to work afterwards, because you will be drunk and late for that afternoon meeting.
Second time at FEZ and it was a good experience, once for brunch and once for dinner. Employees are extremely friendly. I heard the burgers are delicious here especially the FEZ burger and mine was just the opposite. I had ordered it medium rare, protein style with the sweet potato fries. First, they brought it out on a bun and brought it right back. Once they brought it out the correct way, I tried a bite and it wasn't medium rare by any means - it was closer to well. The fries were also cold. They had a great taste with the accompanied sauce but would have been better warm.
Pretty good. Downtown (rare for PHX)!
If I lived closer, this would be a place that I'd like to visit more often to try everything. . . The Fez Burger was really good, but I felt it to be a tad too sweet. . . I didn't like how they substituted the salad for fries and charged me the full price for a side of fries anyways. Otherwise this would be 4 stars. . . The way the menu looked it was if you could substitute for fries or for an extra fee add fries not both for the same price. On the upside, the fries were pretty good. I tried my friend's salad and it was really good too.
Great place to have drinks and delicious plates.  Kind of loud at times, therefore, I won't recommend it for a first date.  Service is excellent and reasonable prices.
Went here our first night in AZ, it was an odd experience to say the least. . Food was good, they offer gluten free ( I believe almost everything can be made into GF) Found it surprising yet again that they say they are GF but do not have a gluten free beer or cider. . Three of our party ordered the burgers, one with a lettice wrap and beef, one with a bun/beef and one bun/turkey. The one who ordered the turkey was not a fan-unsure why, as he wouldn't really say much. . . We started with the hummus-I asked for extra cuc slices since I could not have the pita. Came with cucs and carrots and was very good. We ordered half regular and half spicey-more than plenty for 4 people, we ended up taking some home. . . I ordered the butter lettuce salad-I adore butter lettuce, you never find it on menu's without the candied cashews since the waiter did not think those were gluten free. The dressing was really good, great flavor-it was a vinegarette and the perfect size. I ordered a half portion for dinner. . . Our waiter was a tad odd-when the first person ordered the waiter asked if he wanted french fries-Andy asked him if they were shoe string or what type? The waiter then went into some type of rant on fair fries and how they are the best and you put malt vinegar on them. Andy asked again what type of fry they were and the guy confused us even more. We never figrued out what type of fry they were getting until the food actually came out. We were even confused as what the 3 burger orders had ordered as sides when the waiter left. . . If I could give them a 3.5 I would-the food was really good, the service was different....and I was kind of sad they didn't have cider or GF beer. . Very trendy setting-I was surprised to see people with babies there at 8:30PM. Since it is much more of a bar scene for adults at night.
This is my first time there. Had breakfast pasta and fez burger, loved the half off bottles of wine on sunday. The food was excellent but the service was poor. Had to go back to the host to tell them we had not seen a server yet after 20 min. Will go back again since the food was so good and I had a hard time deciding what to order. Stay tuned
Love food.  Just don't like that fact that if you are not wearing the "IN" thing, you're  over looked by the staff.
I really wanted to give Fez four stars as well but our customer service was lacking as mentioned in other reviews. The food was very good and everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered in my party. I liked the lamb slider to start off and would recommend it. My brother ordered a Fez burger and I ordered the spicy grilled chicken sandwich. We ended up splitting meals and both were both a bit outside the box when it comes to ingredients but both tasted very very good. The cocktails are very good and they have a decent choice of brews and a good happy hour. The only thing missing from the equation was better service. We were asked if we knew what we wanted to order and asked for a minute only to not see our waiter for over 15 minutes. Our cups needed refills for most of the meal and we too had to flag someone down for simple needs. I would suggest this place to friends because the food defiantly triumphs the service.
