We just got back from a pretty nice stay for 3 days. The hotel is in a great location of the strip as far as being close to the Monorail and walking to other casinos. New York, NY is across the street and easy to get to. The casino here is pretty nice, its very large and has something for everyone. We booked a deluxe room and thought it was a little stripped down as far as amenities; no mini bar?! The room could use a sitting chair. Also, the TV and shower were pretty dated, but we weren't here to watch TV, just expected something a little more modern. . We loved the Nobhill Tavern inside-great service and excellent menu.. I think if we stay in Vegas again, I would stay here, but in the West Wing or a upgrade to a suite.
I originally booked a king room but when my boyfriend and I check into our room it was tiny!  Felt like a shoe box and when I called the front desk to complain that it was smaller then the layout I saw online she said 'Oh, you must be in the west wing'.  I was pretty mad at the fact that they advertise one size room but have vastly different options.  I was able to change my room to a two queen suite which had around 100 sq ft more.  . I thought the hotel itself was nice, clean and the restaurants were good.  I like that its connected by pedestrian walkway to New York.  We ate at two restaurants at MGM.  Emerials for lunch - good food a bit pricey but hey its Vegas.  We also had dinner at the food court.  Tasty, nothing too fancy.  We saw the Crazy Horse Paris burlesque show which was fantastic.  We got half price tickets on the strip ($32) so I was happy about that.. I was pretty upset after booking though.  MGM tried to say that I booked a $450 a night room (It was New Years weekend)  .  Trust me I didn't I booked $450 for two nights.  But in the end it cost around $520 after all the taxes and fees.  They refunded me the overcharge.
I think it's so cool how they have a lions' habitat inside. I saw a lion's derriere for the first time! I stood underthe glass ceiling where the lion was taking a little siesta. So cool! Check it out!
i feel like this hotel and casino is more appealing to the guys than gals. i think i only like the green glow of the place on the outside hahaha!
I haven't stayed here since I was a teeny tiny tot!  Things were okay--I'd probably stay elsewhere next time, though.. . They have SO many restaurants and lame tourist options (hello, cheesy green-screen videos and useless trinkets!) and not enough other fun stuff to look at or do on the premises.  The lion exhibit is only cute for a few minutes, CSI would be better at a theme park, and Tabu lounge was LAME. The people I went with who saw KA weren't raving about it like the other Cirque du Soleil productions, but I think everyone had fun at Studio 54 haha.. . I do like the fact that there were so many food options, but you really have to stay for a week to enjoy them all!. . Also, hellooooo, mirrors inside the rooms!  It was a bit difficult getting ready to go out when one person is in the bathroom and all of the mirrors are in there.. . Even though the rooms are just average (CRT televisions, tiny shower), I slept well every night.  Maybe it was the bed, or maybe it was cause I was so tired from everything I was doing all day.
MGM Grand is a landmark hotel and location for Las Vegas. It was the prize of the 90's that has withstood the test of time and the slew of newer more high-end casino's that have popped up around it. As dingy as the lions look and how not attractive it looks from the outside it's a world class casino even at its age and that it's out of its glory days. How many countless prize fights were held there?, when the heavyweights ruled the world. I can't even name the buffet or the club that is there, and yes it's been a while since I've stayed there. The floorplan is what keeps it from looking too dated, but the rooms were so cutting edge back then they aren't nearly as bad as NYNY today. Some minor upgrades are what makes this more of the Stratosphere of the south strip. There were no games or tables that I can remember as if I wanted to come check out next time. This is one of these places that are a must go to if your in Vegas. Yes there are bigger, new, nicer, hotels, but not many with more history and when you go H2H against what's out there and talk to some older people they'll tell you MGM stood tall and proud for many years before they started going to Caesars, Bellagio, Venetian, Wynn, and the like.
Girlfriend and I stayed here a couple of weeks ago. Our room was on the 26th floor with a nice view of New York New York. . . The good: The bed was very comfortable. The standard room is a good size. Free Wi-Fi. Clean. Staff was friendly and accomodating - we arrived in Vegas early in the morning and were able to get a room by around 10 am.. . The bad: The TV - did they buy it at the Goodwill? Straight from 1995... The audio was different for every channel it seemed, and the picture was good only on half the channels. The iron didn't work right, and the pad on the ironing board was lumpy as hell. The towels left lint all over the place. . . Our stay overall was nice, just nothing special.
The MGM is a cool place to hang out but not my favorite place to stay. The rooms are fine but as others have mentioned the TV is a little outdated. All in all it's a good value but with a little searching you can find good values elsewhere.. . The sports book is one of my favorites.
You wake up, hungover from a night of partying in Vegas.  You stumble to the bathroom in your hotel room and drag a toothbrush across your face by rote.  Oh, how good a shower would feel on your pillow-marked face!  You step to the shower and reach down to the controls.  You turn the lever counter clockwise and it goes on briefly.  But you reach the end of the lever's range of motion and it turns off.  Huh?  You squint at the lever and surroundings which bear no demarcation at all.  Your oxygen-deprived brain is unable to comprehend how to use this absurdly complicated shower mechanism.  Both ends turn the water off?  You put the lever in the middle and the shower starts spewing water again, but it's cold.  You look up, and a bizarre, futuristic looking faucet made of copper is shooting out a single jet that looks like a high powered super soaker.  You play with the temperature gauge for a long two minutes, finally acquiring the proper temperature.  You resign yourself to a shower jet that is far too forceful to be comfortable and step into the tub.  What?!  The tub is filling rapidly and the drain is closed, with absolutely no visible open/close control.. . Yeah, the shower is a confusing device.  Other than that, MGM has a decent hotel, a decent casino, a mediocre location.  For simplicity and brevity:. . Pros:. -Ample supply of table games ($10 craps). -Reasonably priced hotel. -Friendly service. -Large selection of restaurants on the grounds. -Monorail access. . Cons:. -Ever seen the cross-shape of the hotel?  Hotel rooms at the end of the hallways are astonishingly far away from the elevators. -Questionable organization of the casino floor.  Somewhat harder to get your bearings than in other casinos. -Weak location.  Other than the monorail, it takes a crazy long time to get to neighboring casinos. . I'd stay here again if the deal was right.  Wouldn't go out of my way to return though.
A lot of people say that casinos are meant to keep you in, so finding an exit is difficult. We'll I pride myself on my sense of direction, but in this place it failed. Failed miserably. I got so lost that I had to ask for directions a few times, use the few maps they offer and follow signs into at least four dead ends. It's a huge maze! The fact that it stumped me, makes me give this place some respect.. . I think the place looks cool, the overall ambiance is pretty comfortable. They have lions, a huge gaming area, and a pretty cool looking bar in the middle of it all.. . It's a place that I'll return to. Hopefully I wont get lost next time.
The first thing that strikes me about this hotel is the enormous size of it, so while that this isn't the first time I visited it, it still took me a while to figure how to navigate thru it, this time having the advantage of staying there and having time to learn.  . . So anyways, a few things: . . Reserving a room:  they don't guarantee room types and locations unless you pay an additional fee.  What the heck??  So this is how my wife ended up having a 2 queen beds room when we wanted a single king.. . Parking garage:  don't forget to look around where you parked.  The garage is multi leveled and huge, and you could have a big search on your hands if you forget where you parked.. . Grand Tower:   we stayed here on the Tropicana side, facing the NY NY, which was convenient in that it was right next to the casino, the Studio Walk, the front desk, and Star Lane Shops which is the direction to the vast self parking garage beyond.  The front desk was "nice" enough to point out that this made less walking for us, which may/may not have been a point at us being juuuuuuust a bit on the over weight side. ha ha!. . Tower elevator:  they have a small store (Front Page Newstand) next to the elevators with snacks, drinks and other traveling stuff you might need which is pretty handy.  But its not cheap and since the MGM is quite big, it takes a while to get out and walk to a place that's cheaper and I bet they count on you not wanting to do that.. . Resort fee:  $18 plus tax(!!!) for the wired HiFi, $15 dollar beverage credit per visit, faxes(who still uses these?), the USA Today (that you have to go down to the Newstand for, only to find they are all gone), and some other minor stuff.   WHY IS THIS A MANDATORY CHARGE??  This is what blows about all MGM/Mirage properties - this needs to be optional because quite frankly, most people don't use most of these services and are in effect, being ripped off.. . That aside, the room was decent, aside from it not being the one we wanted.  It was clean, had a decent view of the NY NY, Tropicana and Excalibur hotels, but on the other side of things, had a tube TV, very few electric outlets , and a pitiful shower head with not a lot of pressure behind it.. . The casino had a nice variety of slots and a cool horse racing machine that only took quarters.  Complimentary drinks weren't so easy to come by, despite the fact that I was sitting right next to the exit/entrance doorway for the cocktail waitresses and pouring $20's in a slot like it was going out of style.. . All in all, the overall experience here was mixed, with some good points and bad and a feeling that the care of the individual customer wasn't as important as was making sure they were processed thru like a herd of cattle.  I've experienced worse, but definitely there is also better to be had in Las Vegas, and at a comparable price.
Okay, I've been to Vegas to many times to count. This was my first time staying at the MGM Grand. Ummmmmm.....NO. We booked a Bungalo Suite with two queen beds. The room was MAD DIRTY. Toe nails on the floor, weed stems and bottle caps is what we were greeted with. Wallpaper peeling off the walls and dirty ass towels. . . When we pulled up to the valet the first guy was courteous then the bell hop came along. He didnt take our bags out of the car we loaded them onto the cart. Then he stood there and told us that they all work separately. Which meant "you need to tip me not just the other guy" then he stood there and waited. He would not move until we gave him a tip he thought was satisfactory....jackass. I mean we were going to tip him anyway. That was just rude.. . Other issues: the showers suck. Ran out of hot water half way through my shower and it's basically just water being shot out of a pipe. . We got "vip" treatment at Studio 54 and they had an open bar untill 11. The drinks were suuuuper weak and the people were lame as hell. They were fun to watch...but lame as hell. So we left... . There were some pros...um...the beds were comfy...pillows were soft...front desk lady was a sweetheart....they lost our car at Valet so that...yeah.... . I think mybe MGM just needs to upgrade...keep up with the times. Our little tube TV was lame and all the buttons on it were broken and we had no remote.. . . Yeah...no thanks
So big, I tend to forget about MGM because it is on the boring end of the Strip. But, if you are a tourist check it out. Always the home of the big events. It does feel a little older when you compare to all the new things and the Sportsbook needs a major overhaul.. . B room*** 2 1/2 stars on the place to poo scale. Not super clean and feels more like a food court bathroom.***
Latest Headlines: The MGM News. . . Conference attendee hacks off foot to avoid daily 2-mile trek to conference area. . Concierge has "best laugh of the day" following a 4am guest call requesting a "quiet floor". . Couple takes bazooka to hotel speakers after deafening, back-to-back 90s songs stir memories of teen angst. . Tourist holds up restaurant at gun-point, steals refrigerator to store leftovers in hotel room. . Woman adopts 52 cubs after visiting the MGM Lion Habitat. . Couple stages soak-in, refusing to leave hot tub until world peace is achieved. . Austin man: I saw an authentic mullet, 4 tramp stamps & 5 oxygen tanks at MGM. . Study: you must be at least half as intoxicated as the most belligerent fool at the casino, or you will stab him. . Woman talked to death by conference waitstaff: "they'll talk to anyone who'll listen, until they're, like, dead". . Mother escorts toddlers through casino at 1am, inspired to rename them Bambi and Destiny. . Couple divorces after husband pays $15 daily fee to use hotel gym. . Sighted: Cleanest-looking Jesus outside of the MGM entrance
The hotel itself looks really nice. The room had a sofa inside that was comfy. The room looked ok to nice. The con: customer service. The old school TV was not working and I called them to repair it at 10PM and they told me they are sending someone up. The guy calls back at 2AM to follow up and see if we still need the TV fixed. They gave us credit to spend and when we went to spend it they told us that the time to spend it expired. Took an hour to get the credit back.
Definitely starting to show it's age - especially when you walk through the newer hotels like The Cosmopolitan and Aria.  Amenities in the room are basic and could use some upgrading - an ipod dock and a fridge would definitely be nice.  But the beds are comfortable, the rooms clean and the bathrooms spacious...so acceptable, but by no means outstanding.. . They have a nice streamlined process for check-in and check-out.  Makes things a lot easier, especially for check-out when all you want to do is get out of Vegas as quickly as possible.. . It's one of the busier hotels and is in a nice location relative to other places.  . . They have a great happy hour - $3 drinks, yes please! . . Overall, decent, but I think you can get more for your money at some of the other strip spots.
OMG this place is HUGE!!!. . Never stayed at the MGM Grand (I always stay at the Mandalay Bay) but it is definitely close enough to where I can take a tram to the Excalibur and walk over to play a little 2/4 limit holdem, a game they have scheduled regulary which is cool. The MGM also has the last Sigma Derby in Las Vegas, which may seem cool, but the sound is really obnoxious, and you can hear it from everywhere in the casino. If you were wondering what that loud farting noise was, it is actually a simulation of horses running. It is actually really funny to see all these people gathered around this old machine betting quarters and shaking their cups of change and yelling at the small plastic horses.. . I mainly come here for the 2/4 limit game. The poker room is situated right by the lion sanctuary and is nice- but not as nice as the one inside The Mirage. If you want to come here to play no-nonsense poker this is a good place. The games are always going off consistently and there isn't much of a wait. Plus the swanky computerized wait list with the names is pretty cool. Lots of TVs, very good drink service, and you can also get food brought to you too. I'm sure everybody at your table will be thrilled when you order a huge plate of onion rings.
Ahh MGM. You are truly a split right down the middle on good and bad. The hotel rooms in the West Wing are very nice and the West Wing Bar is a total winner. But the parking garage feels like a mile away from the actual casino. There are as many bad restaurants as there are good restaurants. The regular pool is excellent. The spa and salon are awful. But then there's the lions. No matter what, though, I will always miss the old MGM Grand. Remember the yellow brick road? Unfortunately, gone are the days of the Wizard of Oz and Emerald City theme.
Upgraded to a suite...two king bed rooms and a common area with large table, tv, couch, wet bar area, and fold-out.  Huge suite.  Nice, comfy beds.  Over-abundance of towels, shampoo/soap, etc.  I know this is Vegas, and there is an endless amount of activities, but I would still like the t.v.(s) to work.  These old tube t.v.s with broken remotes have to go.
Clean room, and as far as casinos go, nice. I like the fact that their signature scent (all the big casinos have them) didn't gag me.. Big complaint: Our room was in the West Wing.  It was built way back when and renovated. They didn't bother to add a new elevator shaft when they connected the new MGM to the West Wing. So you walk for about 15 mintues to get to your room, and then 15 minutes back.  . The ceilings are really low- it's like walking into a fading perspective drawing.  There are mirrors at the end of the hallway- so it looks like you'll be going on forever.  After hiking the length of the West Wing to the elevator, we had to hike back again on our floor to get to our room.. The interior of the room is quite modern- glass and mirrors abound.  Heavy glass doors on both the bathroom stall and the adjacent shower.  (No tub). . My favorite feature was the lighted and magnified make up mirror. 2nd favorite feature was the shower.. The room has a TV with a DVD player.  . Bed was comfy- but I got the feeling that it was really old. It had what seemed to be a down matress pad on top of the matress.  Were it not for that, the bed would likely have been really uncomfortable.
With all the new Vegas hotels popping up yearly, it's definitely making older hotels like MGM look....out dated. . . I'm just gonna shoot off some cons because it really is just a hotel (beds, bathroom, running water, a TV):. . - Walls are really really really thin. Our room got yelled at by some lady 2 rooms down telling us to be quiet (side-note: doesn't she know what city she's in?). . - Pool is quite a walk. AND you have to pay for the floaty tubes in the lazy river? Even though we're guests? Just get rid of the lazy river then!! More than half of the people were walking around it anyway! That makes them NOT lazy!. . - Parking garage is WAYTOOtiny. I saw a truck back into 2 different cars trying to get out of their own parking spot. 2!! Went down another aisle, and another truck was ding'ing up other cars!! . . I guess that's all I had, thought there were more. I mean, it's ok. I'd stay there again if need be!
My first trip to Vegas! And my hotel was... meh.. . Nothing special about this hotel. Beautiful lobby, but there's not much that really differentiates MGM from the other Vegas hotels (except the lions... which were not out on display the entire time we were staying there). . . Rooms are average. Pillows a little on the hard side. Bathrooms are massive, but the shower heads are only high enough for a child to fit underneath. I'm 5'5" and had to squat underneath (try doing that tipsy - it's no easy feat!).. . Selection of restaurants was decent. . . There was a plethora of pools, which was the best thing about MGM... no one pool was ever super crowded, so that made for a very nice day-drinking experience.. . (Oh, except for Wet Republic, which had a 3-hour wait to get in, but I suspect that was because it was the pool's opening weekend and Kim Kardashian was there). . I'd maybe return to MGM, but I'd be curious to see if the other hotels had more to offer.
Blah. MGM. I prefer places like Imperial Palace. It might be dirtier and have a bad odor BUT it's where the action is. I must admit, it takes a little longer to walk from MGM to where the good part of the strip is. But I am lazy so that doesn't say much. If you are staying here in the summer when Vegas is unbearably hot then you might want to take the tram or something. Walking is not fun, even at night you'll want to kill yourself. MGM has a beautiful exterior but the rooms are pretty mediocre. The bathroom is a little fancier than usual but besides an extra painting on the wall of the room, it's pretty much the same thing as any cheap hotel in Vegas, except, you know, MGM isn't that cheap.. . POSITIVES? LION! although that lazy piece of sht is always sleeping or refuses to move. ENTERTAIN US! Just kidding. The lion is pretty cool though. Other than that, if you have other choices to stay, I would stay away from the MGM.. . FINAL COMPLAINT, THE PARKING LOT IS FAR FROM THE HOTEL ITSELF. WALK WALK WALK. Bring some Heelys
MGM grand is your typical Vegas hotel and casino on the strip. The deluxe tower rooms were elegantly appointed with marble bathroom and very large spacious room.  However, the walls between rooms are paper thin and we could hear a group if people partying at 4 in the morning. Overall the front desk staff were friendly and helpful except the one I dealt with (mei) regarding the noise issue. She seemed more interested in arguing than resolving my concern. After a long argument she was able to . I would recommend the CBS studio city if you have time and the grand buffet was decent but nothing spectacular.  ***** Beware of the 20 dollar resort fee (incl tax)*****which you have to pay on top of priceline negotiated rates. Otherwise I would rate it 4 star.
Standing on the corner of the Strip and Tropicana like the biggest, emerald green Mayan pyramid you've ever seen is the MGM Grand.  Over the many years I've been coming to Vegas, I've stayed at said MGM Grand and have watched it evolve from the family-friendly amusement park/casino and kitschy "museum" of all things MGM to the hipper but still comparatively un-hip MGM Grand of today.  This time, I was just here to eat, drink, and gamble...in that order.  . . The MGM Grand isn't a bad place.  There are tons of great attributes to the place.  From the eponymously named Joel Robuchon to Robuchon's L'Atelier to Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak to Michael Mina's Nobhill Tavern andSeablue, and offerings from Wolfgang Puck and Emeril, the MGM's collection of fine-dining restaurants is second to none in Vegas.  The MGM has a stellar Cirque du Soleil show, KA, and the MGM Grand Garden Arena for concerts and fights.  I don't play poker but the poker room looks to be high quality.  Heck, the pool isn't bad either, although I'm not much for Spring Break-like parties.  The MGM is just lacking that quality that ties all of its good things together and makes the whole greater than the sum of its individual parts.  . . So what makes the MGM fall short of its potential?  The MGM Grand likes to tout its Maximum Vegas experience.  Sometime bigger isn't always better.  The gambling area is sprawling, but very vanilla, and lacking any energy or excitement.  The sheer size of the gaming area disperses players and the seemingly desirable energetic din of the crowd of gamblers is lost in the rafters high above the casino floor.  Basically, the place is too big for its own good.   . . I haven't figured out if the MGM is trying to be a quiet, relaxing resort experience with spectacular restaurants and world-class entertainment or does it want to be party central with the hip, happening b-list celeb-laden pool party attracting a younger crowd into its casino.  Regardless, the MGM Grand's seemingly perpetual identity crisis results in it being a great place to eat and be entertained, just an average place play, but not a place I'd choose to stay.
Such a huge hotel, so what to say....I booked a jet blues getaway and had a room in the so-called "west wing." The room was kinda dingy in color and the worst aspect was the lack of a full door to separate the bathroom properly for privacy. I enjoyed the pool area, Knobb Hill for food/drink, watching the Lions for long stretches of time (try and catch their feedings) there is so much to each hotel, I gave it 3 stars based basically on the mediocre room and lack of decent shopping. I liked that they had cheap food available to save on meals overhead. There was no minibar in the room, which I always find annoying. One thing worth noting is, thanks to my flakyness, I overstayed my hotel room booking, thinking my redeye was the following night. They gave me the benefit of the doubt and didn't make me pay for another night even though it was almost 10PM and I was due out that morning at 11AM. That act of kindness helped me during a frustrating "holy crap, I gotta get to the airport" moment.
Bring your walking shoes!  The MGM Grand is almost a city of it's own, and it is a long walk to anything.  The rooms are quite nice, large with good views and comfortable beds. Only real complaints would be that there is no coffee pot or refrigerator in the room, and that the doors are paper thin so you hear every little noise from the hall . I was attending a conference at the hotel. From my room to the conference center walking at a pretty brisk pace took 9 minutes. There is a soda machine and an ice machine on each floor. Sodas (or water) is $3.00 a bottle, but don't worry, the machine takes credit cards! Plenty of good restaurants, a couple with several big TV cooking show names (Tom Colicchio's CraftSteak and 'whichCraft and Emeril Lagasse's Emeril Restaurant). For the more budget minded there is also a food court with a couple fast food choices, like McDonalds. If you get a good deal on room rates, it's not a bad place to stay.
I can't speak to the hotel accommodations but there is an air of excitement at the MGM Grand that his hard to replicate at any of the other hotels on the strip.  Despite having been around for a long time, the MGM Grand constantly remakes itself so that even today it is a modern and luxurious facility.  There are plenty of shops, eateries, and gambling space to keep you occupied for hours.  . . David Copperfield plays here and KA the Cirque du Soleil show with martial arts bent is housed here.  . . I suspect because it's been around so long that the hotel is not as nice as the newer ones on the strip - Bellagio, Cosmopolitan, Aria, Mandarin Oriental, etc... but although I might not want to stay here, it is a fun place to hang out and gamble.
I've stayed at the MGM twice. I've stayed in a traditional room and just recently stayed in a West Wing room. I loved the traditional room, however, i shower plugged up before we left and the water built up in the tub. This was disappointing and gross since we payed $150/night for the room on a weekend. WWe didn't have any problems with the West Wing room. My only complaint was that it was a long walk from the elevator. The room was a bit small but modern and clean. All the restaurants in MGM are pricey and i would recommend going elsewhere for food. he pool are ishuge and alot of fun. Studio 54 is small and they didn't play popular music. Tabu is smaller but they play better music and the crowd is more mature and classy. Women can get wristbands and go in for free if you find the promoters in the casino. Ask them to put you on the list.. I would stay at MGM again, but i don't have a strong desire to go back. However, i definately recommend it.
Four stars for the hotel: our room was spacious, clean, and well-stocked, but very far from the elevator.. . Two stars for the casino: too spread out, the ashtrays on the blackjack tables rarely got cleared.. . Three stars for the pool: lots of chairs, well-signed, and a delightful place to eat called the Cabana Cafe.. . Three stars for the restaurants: is it too much to ask to have more than one place to get some sit-down breakfast besides a $25 buffet or a Rainforest Cafe? Feh.. . Free wi-fi is a nice touch, assuming you wouldn't rather use the gym.
ummm. everything was okay... we stay here for two nights because they have the special that $150 for 2 nights. everything was okay except there is no fridge and coffee maker... when i request for the hot water, they ask for $10.50 for just hot water!!!! i am like WTH? . the restroom is so so...no fan, and the shower head looks pretty cheap and suck. no plasma TV,  but the furnitures looks pretty good. the bed was not too soft which i love it. . staffs are pretty friendly here. the bath essential are pretty good, i love the jasmine shower gel, lotion, shampoo, and conditioner.
ok. here we go.. . My First time in Vegas last June, we stayed in MGM. when we arrived there, one of the check-in clerks was pretty rude ( maybe she was on her period) she made some comment and my friend ( who needs to learn to keep that NY "IDGAF" attitude back home) my friend started going off! way to start a vacation right, smh.. . you will see why i gave it 4 stars.. . after going out the first night, we come back to the hotel room and realized the there was a leak in the shower that came onto the carpet that is between the wall and the bed closest to the bathroom. called front desk and they had a bell hop come grab our luggage and take us to another room. (mind you its like 5 am) we go through employee elevators and into a room that was FILTHY! bed was made, garbage everywhere! we were pissed. so we call again, and they bring us into room #3! it seemed fine. i was wrong. the shower had a leakage and our floor was all wet in the bathroom. i went to the front desk and they told us an engineer would go fix it. and gave us 1 night off! woot woot! . . then, we went out the next night, and guess what . the faucet was leaking! and ruined all our makeup! we were beyond upset!. . i went down to the manager and had a big talk about our entire experience. i didnt yell , but he can tell i was upset and it was really just RIDICULOUS. he was like "oh im from NY too! imma hook u guys up since its your last night here" he gave us 100 dollars room service and upgraded us to a BEAUTIFUL 2 BEDROOM SUITE WITH PANORAMIC VIEWS OF THE STRIP. . . so one night off, room service and a great upgrade, not bad. :)
This hotel is getting old, but I really feel like they keep investing to keep it modern.
Go see the lions.... . Most likely they will be sleeping but a cool and free attraction.. This place has high limits usually at $10 and above.. I do like the poolside.
I admit that I'm spoiled because I've stayed at ARIA a lot lately, but it had been a few years since I had been to MGM Grand. Basically, it's still the same, they've updated what they've had to but what was once cutting edge is now dated.. . It's sad to see that MGM Resorts or whatever they're calling themselves these days funneled so much into CityCenter and let their other properties go. . . The rooms are rooms, nothing fancy. I stayed in the main tower, so West Wing would probably have been a better fit for me. The furniture was old, the TV was not a flat panel which would have been fine because MGM actually offers up a lot of channels if the button on the TV hadn't been broken. Um no thanks MGM, I'm not sticking my finger in the TV to get it on.... . I like that there's a food court, I have to say that a lot of the food I got on room service was sub par. The best thing I got were buffalo wings and I mean who gets heating those things up wrong. . . I will say that the slots seemed really loose and they have a huge variety of games and they have tried and true games still on the floor - I think it's the only place you can find Price Check anymore.
Overall, definitely a good place to stay. However, for the price I expected better service & in-room amenities. . . I asked for 2 queens and ended up with 1 king. I called to have it switched, and was told someone would bring a new key up w/in 15 mins. About 25-30 mins went by and still no key. I called back to cancel the change b/c I didn't want to wait around.. . The walk from the parking garage to the hotel is sort of far, especially when you've been walking around a lot.. . The check-in area was really nice & filled with fresh flowers. The walls & ceiling looked fabulous.  The casino was big and didn't smell like a cigarette box.. . The room was smaller than I would have expected for a pricier place. The bathroom was spacious, modern, & clean.. . The beds were comfy w/ plenty of pillows. . . Outdated TV.. . The pool (Wet Republic) was amazing and big. There were plenty of places to sit and relax, even during the weekends (except when a celebrity is around).
The MGM is big, I don't know how old it is, but the casino looks nice. The bars are nice too, though they don't have necessarily a big selection of premium alcohol (at least at the one we walked by). It has the compliment of slots and table games. It was easy to find a decent minimum bid on the tables. I think it has a decent selection of restaurants (always important to me). Though I am sold more on rooms at other hotel/casinos, I wouldn't be opposed to staying here if there was not room at other places. Unlike other casino's I would go back here and do much more exploring!
I don't think I've stayed at the MGM since it first opened, which according to Wikipedia was 1993. It makes sense because even as an 11 year old, I was still a frequent Vegas visitor. It's changed quite a bit since then. Back in the day everything was Wizard of Oz themed and there was a small amusement park in the back.. . The MGM is still huge. In fact, it's too huge for me. It probably takes 15 minutes to walk from our room to the pool or our room to the parking lot. The rooms were nice, but nowhere near as plush as the Wynn or even Red Rock. There are a bunch of pools, but it was super crowded and just seemed kind of dirty with all the beer bottles laying around. I also had ZERO luck at the casino, although single deck black jack for $10 is a pretty good deal. . . The area further down the strip is a lot nicer. Around the MGM there are a bunch of costumed characters hanging around to take pictures with which I thought was just weird. . . I would stay at the MGM only if I got a really good deal. Otherwise, I'd probably stay somewhere else.
I didn't stay here but I was in here a couple of times to buy KA tickets and then later that night to see the show. I thought it was super cool that they have the lion den in the hotel. There was a guy in there playing with them, what an idiot I think. But...isn't it inhumane to keep lions caged up like that, simply for the sake of entertainment? . . Anyways, the conceirge was really nice. and the bar in the KA theatre had really great drink deals. I thought it was cool that the tram connects to the back of MGM as well. . . As for the rooms, restaurants or casino's...I can't really vouch for them.
We stayed in the older part of the hotel and the room was very dated.. the drain in the sink and the shower did not work and the most amusing part was the fact the air conditioner had 3 settings of low, medium and high, which seemed to blast cold air on every setting.... . . why 3 stars.... we really didn't spend that much time in the room and the walk to the lazy river was less than 5 min...  the casino and restaurants were great... all in all any time spent out of the room and at the casino/pool was great and well worth it!!
MGM... I have good and bad things to say. Which should I start with? Let's get the bad out of the way.. . THE BAD: . This place is FREEZING inside. So cold can't believe it. I was playing blackjack and started shaking from the heat exposure outside and alcohol I had to go up to my room and turn on the heater. My husband was freezing too so it's not just me.. . Our room was very outdated. The bedside tables were worn down and peeling from water damage. The carpet was ehhhh and the TV was small. Nice view though...If I ever come back I am going to stay in the West wing or one of their newer suites. . . Unfortunately Las Vegas cleans out their sewer system once a month and makes the whole town smell like ass. We were here on a Monday night when they did this and it made you feel like you were breathing, bathing and ingesting..CACA!!! On the 19th floor!!! Since it was 3AM whenI got in on our last night, I didn't have the sobriety or energy to move rooms. My husband called up and they at least comped the room that night and a few other things.. . Our friends went to the Cirque du Soleil show there and did not like it very much.. . THE GOOD:. First they were very nice about our smelly experience which is why they have 3 stars.. . The food was good. I wish I could remember what restaurants we went to but I did enjoy it. . . The pool is FUN! Lots of people watching, lots of super hot people and everyone loved the river running around it. Good service from pool personnel.. . Even though the room was outdated the bed was very comfortable. My husband loved the very large body pillow and we slept like babies. . . I don't like the idea of Lions in captivity but I did enjoy seeing them. They are so beautiful I wish I could go in there... :). . OVERALL: Not bad. solid 3.5 stars if the smell of shit didn't ruin our last night. Make sure you upgrade your room if you stay here to the new rooms. I would have been much happier spending my money on that than at their tables.
Looking back, I think our experience at the MGM Grand could have been better. . . We arrived in Vegas super early (don't ask) and waited until after 4p for an open room. We booked the Prima package, which has since changed pretty drastically, but at the time the package included a free room upgrade. Sadly, there were no rooms to upgrade us to, so we received a $50 credit. We stayed in the West Wing and the room was very small (smaller than Luxor and the Hilton). Fortunately, there weren't any noise issues other than random drunks in the hall, but be prepared to feel slightly claustrophobic at first. The bathroom was also small and there was very little primping space. Very modern feel to the room, but not great. . . We checked out KA and Crazy Horse Paris, receiving a discount on KA since we were staying at the MGM. Both were great shows (Crazy Horse was a little slow in some parts, but at least there were boobies to stare at.) One great thing about the MGM is that there is a discount ticket booth almost directly outside, which is how we saw Crazy Horse for half price. . . The Prima package was a great deal at the time because we received 2-for-1 drinks at four of the bars, saving us a great deal of cash to spend on the slots :) They also offered several deals for the restaurants (2-for-1 entrees) but we actually never ate at any aside from the buffet, which was NOT part of the deal and which I would NOT recommend. The seafood was NOT fresh. . . The Prima deal is no longer the awesomeness that it was, so I really see no reason to go back to the MGM to stay when you can get a larger, nicer room for the same or better price elsewhere on the strip.. . I do love the Lion Exhibit, though.
I have stayed at the MGM twice now. . . The first time I stayed July 2010....I had a pleasant experience and this past time in May 2011 it was okay. . . Things I like about the hotel:. The Casino is good. . Went to a really great comedy show there that was reasonably priced. . . LOVE the pool.... so many options and the lazy river is fun!!. . Beds are comfy, and rooms are a good size.. . Also the price is reasonable and they have fairly good deals.. . Do NOT like:. . Asked to extend our time and the kicked us right out because they had an event . . Most of the rooms smell like smoke even if they are non smoking. . . Restaurants are not great.. . Out dated TV's. . And the showers are for people under 5'4"....so uncomfortable.. . Overall not a bad deal but next time I go to vegas I will try another hotel.
My wife booked us rooms at the MGM Grand because they where advertising the latest, most up to date rooms. I would rather have stayed someplace that had a better atmosphere. . . This was my first time in Vegas. We went to Vegas for a combined celebration of my wife's birthday and a belated Honeymoon. When we arrived, the girl checking us in said she could give us an upgrade in the room, but the room we had reserved had all the latest technology. Flat screen TV, Blu Ray, ETC.. the room she would move us into didn't have any of that. I didn't care, we took the upgrade. I didn't come to Vegas to watch TV, and to be honest I never turned it on. The room was nice enough; I didn't plan on spending a lot of time in the room, just change clothes and sleep. I will say the huge king sized bed we had was very comfortable! Plus it had free WIFI. . . The shower was weird. I'm not a tall man, but I could not stand under the shower head. My wife is 5'4 and even she had issues with the height of the shower head location. It could have stood to be about a foot higher. Other than that, the bathroom was nice enough in the room. . . So why the low rating? The rest of the resort. . . This place is huge. After we checked in, we went to our room, unpacked, changed and went to hit the strip! We wanted to get onto Las Vegas Blvd... there where no signs or directions on how to get there. I walked around the casino, hotel, resort, going in circles when I finally found the concierge desk, I was annoyed, but I tried to make a joke of it by making fun of myself, I actually asked the concierge, "How do I get out of this hotel?!" They gave me a map and directions for me to get onto Las Vegas Blvd. After that I really didn't have too many problems, I was able to find my way in and out. This was another thing I didn't like After walking down the strip, especially at the end of the night, you are relieved to get to the hotel, only to have to walk what seems like a mile through crowds to get to the elevator bank. . . I didn't care for the atmosphere of the casino itself. It seems so stuffy and pretentious. I don't know, maybe I've seen too many movies, but it's not at all how I pictured a casino would look in Vegas. The staff was friendly when you could find one. A lot of times they would come around and ask if we wanted drinks only for us to never see them again. Or we would be playing for long periods of time before someone would ask if wanted a drink. . . And what is with all of the kids?! There were a ton of kids there. Who the heck brings kids to Vegas? I'm sorry, it only takes about a minute of walking up and down the strip to realize Vegas isn't exactly "family friendly". I'm not holding that against the hotel, it just has been bothering me. . . We had pre-paid for our rooms when we booked them, and then where surprised with an $18 (we booked and paid before they raised it, so we got the price at the time we booked) a night resort fee... and then they charged tax on top of it. Sure the $80 dollars is not going to break us, but still... that is like 3 drinks on the strip! . . The lion habitat was pretty neat. I did get some good pictures up close of that. I appreciated the helpfulness of the hotel staff, but honestly the next time we go to Vegas I want to stay someplace more my style.
This is a huge hotel and we knew what we we're getting into.  After we had a map, it wasn't too hard to get around but this seems typical of most large hotel/casinos on The Strip.   Our room was clean and our non-smoking room did not smell like smoke.  Our water pressure was just fine.  We had a  very comfortable bed.  Yep, no flat screen but we didn't watch much TV and it didn't bother us at all.  Service was nice and friendly with most encounters we had.  We did not use the pool. Planned on it but each time we got back to our room I could not fathom walking all that way back downstairs.   KA was fabulous. The only complaint I had is that there is nowhere to sit that is not a "paid" seat.  The only place to sit at in this hotel  is at the slots,restaurant, buffet, bar, at a show, etc.  My husband did not notice it until I pointed it out to him.  There are no benches or public seating area anywhere in this hotel that is not in an area where you are required or expected to give the MGM Grand money.  No benches or seating area in the lobby where everyone had to stand or sit on the floor waiting to check in or out.  I started noticing it in the mall/retail areas.  I wanted to shop but my feet hurt and I wanted to rest a bit.  My only option was to sit on the floor or find a restaurant to sit at.  I therefore, decided not to shop.  Overall, we probably will not stay here again, not because of the rooms or service....but if we could have rested a bit between the long walks instead of heading back up to our room every . time..it would have been a much more pleasant stay.
Stayed 7/28 through 7/30.  . The annoying - I think I've mentioned before that my husband must have coffee in the morning.  Well, no coffeepot in the room.  Is this a recent trend?  This is particularly annoying in the fact that you have to haul yourself through a casino to get to the food court to get a cup of coffee in the morning.  . . The lazy river is a meat market.  People just standing around with drinks in their hand clogging up the river.  People, it's a river, there's current, you're meant to float along.  If you want to pick up a stranger or stand around w/a drink in your hand, go to the adult swimming pool.  I'm just saying if you want to hook up, as long as you're floating, that's fine.  . . The good - there were no bed bugs.  I was a little worried.  (call me paranoid).  The beds were comfortable.  The room did not smell like smoke.  I got a good deal, room with tix (but there was almost a huge fiasco there)  Tell you about it later.. . My daughter loved the lazy river.  Now, they say you can't bring in outside flotation devices, but it does not seem to be strictly enforced.  I mean, really, when you run out of tubes and they say you can go buy one and use it, how are they to know where you bought your flotation device, really.   Or they say, people usually abandon them and if you see one floating or an empty one just use it.  So we got a freebie w/out having to pay $16 for rental fee. I asked a guy who didn't seem to be using his.  There seemed to be a lot of hoarding of inner tubes.. . The excellent - KA is really good.  Amazing.  This show feels like it's in 4-d with the actors/acrobats wandering through the audience and the stage revolving in 360 degrees, it seemed to me.. . The food - There is a food court, so there are some lower-priced food options for breakfast and stuff.  The breakfast/brunch buffet on Sat is pretty decent.  They have casino roast( prime rib-ish) and ham and also shrimp.  The bagels are as hard as a rock.  Even toasting does not help.  They have really good no sugar desserts.  Now I am not a fan of the no-sugar.  I hate that disgusting after taste.  But these were so pretty, that I had to try them.  They were really good w/out aftertaste and so cute.  We went in before 9 a.m. so we got the early bird discount.  $19.99 instead of $24,99.  I wanted to do one buffet before we left town.. . The ugly - So I mentioned that I got the room with Ka tix.  I do not know why, but I was never able to get a e-mailed confirmation for my room w/Ka tix.  I seriously called three times.  When I made the reservations thru their hotel reservation line, the lady gave me Section A seating.  Whoo-hoo.  These are supposedly $100+ tix.  So I really wanted that e-mail confirmation bec. I did not want to get screwed and find out that, oh, no, we made a mistake and there are no tix or we're going to have to charge you for those tix or whatever.. . Well, arrive, check, you can pick up tix at concierge.  Okay.  Pick up tix at concierge.  Oh, wait, we have to charge these tix to your room.  When you check out, you'll be comped. (warning bells are ringing in my head)  Go to show (see above. ). . Next day, check out.  You betcha.  Oh, the reservation person should have given you section C seating.  That package is only for Section C seating.  let me talk to my manager.  Oh, we can reimburse you $100, and you're have to eat the rest.  . . Me: Oh, no.  I called several times to make sure this scenario that we are enacting would not happen.  . . Them:  Well, we're front desk, we have no control over what they told you.  I don't have any access to any notes they may have kept in their system.. . Me:  Let's call them and find out.   Call reservation, on hold for ten minutes.  (I tell the people behind me, you should find another line to check out bec. this is going to take a while.)  Finally get ahold of reservation.  Hey, you said these tix would be free with 2-night stay. . Reservation:  Your letter says only one guest.. Me:  So what?  I asked for two tickets. You reserved two tickets.  You gave me two tix.. Reservation:  What happened when you checked in, did they say anything at the front desk?. Me:  NO.  What would they say?  It's obvious I'm more than a single guest.  I got a room w/ two queen beds and got two tix and bought one extra tix.  It's fairly obvious that I'm not here by myself.. . Well, it's too late to make this post short, but I think it was time for the lady at the front desk to go off.  I had obviously made it clear that I did not feel it was my mistake and they said they would take the charge off.  The squeaky wheel gets oiled.. . If worse came to worse, I would have taken the $100 reimbursement and paid the difference.  The show was worth it, but it's the damn principal.  I had called them on three separate occasions to get the confirmed info, and they dropped the ball.
I've stayed at the MGM Grand a number of times over the years. The first time, I was just excited that I was staying there (my family always stayed at the cheap places). To me, this place was totally nice, but that was before I stayed at other resorts in the same price range.. . The regular rooms are dated and don't feel completely clean. The TV is really  old. For some reason this bothers me. The bathroom was clean, but the shower-head was not the best. The bed is not the worst bed, but also not the best.. . If you stay in the West Tower, it will not live up to the hype. Very modern looking, but the layout is strange. The bathroom really affords you no privacy - not exactly sexy if you know what I mean. The bed feels cheap in these rooms. Also, our shower, which was glass all around, was leaky, so a lot our towels went toward keeping the floors dry.. . The MGM has a lot of great offers, so we usually get good rates. We also love the location, particularly because the monorail station is a quick walk from the rooms. We love that they have so many restaurants, etc., so you don't have to leave to eat if you don't feel like it. All in all, the place is massive, so it can be a vacation unto itself. . . Not the best resort, but far from the worst. Would give it another star, but the rooms are not holding up well and the housekeeping still leaves something to be desired.
Considering the price and prestige of the hotel, I was a little disappointed of my stay here. . . This is one of the hugest hotels I have ever stayed. The ground floor level and lobby is huge. Of course, there are casinos there for the folks that like to get their gambling on. The food court was a little unimpressive. It has a Nathan's, a McDonalds, and  a few other places that I can't remember off the top of my head. Plenty of attractions and there are even some clothing stores to get a little shopping on. There are a couple of studios there where you can screen TV shows. There is a place there called CSI: The Experience but I haven't had the opportunity to see what it is like. There are at least a dozen bars located in the hotel itself. The Centrifuge Bar is where I dranked and the drinks were mixed just right. The prices wasn't too bad there either.. . The rooms were okay, if slightly dated. They still have CRT television sets like it's still the 1990s. The rooms were well-ventilated and the beds were comfortable albeit a little stiff. The bathrooms were nice and clean, although it did take a while for the water in the shower to warm up, even at the full hot setting. And there is no free internet nor Wi-Fi in the rooms; you'll have to pay extra.. . All in all I may return to this hotel when I come back to Las Vegas next year. The good outweigh the bad overall.
Location is great, restaurants are great. The rooms are dated, and the remodeled ones are kind of weird. Lets just say there is no privacy when you go tothe pooper, echos like a motha.
I stayed at the MGM Grand for 1 night last Sunday. We had a standard room with 2 beds (they claim they're queens, but they are more like doubles). It was pretty small and in need of an update, but it was clean. The TV was the old-fashioned, non-flat screen kind.  The beds were super comfortable and the pillows were the best I've ever had. They seemed like overstuffed down pillows. I'd like to find out what they are and buy some for my bed at home!. . The pool area was very nice, if crowded. We particularly enjoyed the lazy river.  This hotel seems to attract mostly people in their 20's bent on drinking and having a good time.. . Full review at http://marga.voxpublica.org/2011/08/mgm-grand-hotel-casino-las-vegas-review/
This place is definitely a classic.  A fairly well run casino and hotel, lots of great shows.  But the rooms definitely need an update.  I was half expecting Sinatra to pop in at any moment.
**There is a resort fee.. 20 a night. Includes a daily paper, access to the gym and internet**. . My brother wanted to go to Vegas this weekend for his birthday, so I made it happen.  Called Casino Marketing to book a room. Got a great rate.. So that was the easy part. . . . Parking:. . Parking is not too bad, but just know that you have to go to the street level (from where ever you park) and then take the escalator up to the main level (where check -in and all of the other action is). . Check-In: (arrival 11:30pm, lines and wait were not that long). . I have stayed here about  a hundred times (I come to Vegas often) and by far, this was the worse check-in service. The guy barely said hello and welcomed us to the resort. He took my ID, CC and Players Card, left it on the desk and walked away for 10 minutes and went to the back room. No "I'll be right back, one moment please or anything.". . When he get's back, the clerk looks at my players card (see's that I'm a gold member) and then gives better service. Apologizes for the delay.. Says there was a "system error" and then proceeds with the rest of my check-in. There was no interaction nor eye contact. (I still have to call my/a Casino Host about this). . The only thing I felt good about was the room that he assigned to us. Double beds, high floor and a prime view of the strip. . . . Room:. . MGM's tower deluxe rooms are simple but yet comfortable at the same time. Comfortable beds, great pressure on the showerhead, approx 450 square feet, comes with a 27 inch tv (which they are in the process of upgrading from what I hear), business desk and a lounge chair. One cool feature about their rooms is that there is a ledge that you can sit and stare off into the strip while enjoying a drink of your choice. . . . Pools:. . Amazing!! And tons of them! A lazy river, few Olympic sized pools and Wet Republic for the Adults.. . . Casino:. . The Casino is huge. Any game you want they pretty much have. For us Baccarat players, they took Baccarat off of the floor about a year or so ago and made all Baccarat play get played from the Salon.  :) . . Tons of Blackjack tables with all different minimums and millions of slot machines. . . The sportsbook was pretty cool too. Just one of the smaller sportsbooks that I have been to.. . . Bars/Lounge Areas:. . . Writing in a separate review..  (Look for Centrifuge). . Overall, I enjoyed my experience (minus the check-in service). Three stars this time. But should have plenty of updates were MGM Grand Hotel gets 5 stars from me. . . I am easy to please when it comes to hotel service.. Trust me!
My favorite Vegas casino.  Loose slots, active and attentive cocktail waitresses.  Absolute gangs of fun.  Would have got four stars but, really, folks, it's COMPLETELY inappropriate to keep those lions in that enclosure.  Maybe I'm wrong and they take them for walks in the desert or something.  I hope so.
I go to Vegas often and I have stayed in a variety of hotels. I have stayed here twice and the rooms are just OK. The higher price is more for the location and convenience of staying on the strip. Next time I will stay off strip and save some money... a nice place but just not worth the extra money when you can stay someplace else for  better price.
Everytime I go to Vegas we stay at different hotels just so we can try them out and find the right hotel. MGM was pretty nice but the room we had which was the Celebrity Spa Suite had outdated furniture.. . I still had a good time. This casino is huge! Lots of places to visit and the monorail is in this casino as well. Food court and all. So pretty much everything you need is in this hotel. Tabu Lounge, Studio 54 and much more.
Spacious rooms, however a bit out dated furniture. . . Mid-range price point. . . Stayed at the MGM because I had an event to attend in the hotel, but I'll prefer other accommodations next time. . . From a designer's prospective, and as a hospitality professional, they need to polish their amenities, and amp up their aesthetics.
This is the first hotel I saw in Vegas. Very nice lobby, however not much to do here. The staff is friendly, though, which goes a long way.
My husband and I and a few friends booked rooms here for this past Labor Day weekend to Celebrate my Bday. It was the first time for all of us staying here so we didn't know what to expect about the rooms. When my sister and I reserved our rooms we both got a Bungalow Suite which at the time was only like 30 buckz more than a regular room, cool deal. So upon our arrival to MGM the lady at the front tells us she will upgrade us for FREE to a Celebrity Suite, I was like wow cool deal. I was so happy to see my room. As we get on the elevators and get to our floor we have to walk down this long hallway and way at the the end are the two golden doors side by side and those were the doors to our room. I was like wow fancy huh...lol. Well upon opening our door I wasnt so blown back like I thought I was gonna be. I mean the room was huge the bathroom was huge n nice too it had to doors you can enter from one from the living room and one from our bedroom. OMG the bed was hella comfy it was so hard to get up in the AM. We had a Living room and a eating area, a fridge and a sink. It was coo.. . Now the only reason why I gave this just 3 stars is because everything in the room was out dated. The furniture was old the decor was old. It looked like a room from a scene from the movie Casino like back n the days hella mobsters did hella coke on the living room round table lol. I Mean other than the Non-Updated decor and furniture the stay was nice. But I Still think ARIA is the best.
Stayed here for aweekend for the first time and was surprised how kept up this place is. The lobby is real spacious, nice and conveniently close to the elevators.. . We stayed in a standard room and overall it was nice. The bed is really comfortable and the pillows are very soft and fluffy.. The restroom is large enough. Double sinks! Unfortunately besides for the body mirror in the restroom there isn't a body mirror in the room itself. The water pressure for the shower is pretty good too.. Ooh the rooms doesn't come with a mini refrigerator, but you can rent one for a charge daily fee.. . The people working the storage lockers are really nice or just the day I used it.
Rooms were pretty average, bathrooms were nice, clean and spacious. I was luckily enough to get an early check in about 12:15 which was nice. The food court was horrible!!! For being such a big hotel/casino i would have thought of something better and bigger...very below average choosing. The location of the hotel is good, towards the south end of the strip.. . Pros:. Casino is always jumpin. They have REAL lions!!. Smells good throughout the casino
Nice hotel, very comfortable beds one of thebest showers. Room felt a bit cluttered. Hated the glass doors for the toilet as it slammed closed each time I was too intoxicated to remember to baby it. Safe didn't work in the room, and the staff that worked for tips was great, the rest didn't seem to care. For this I will go pros and cons.... . Pros: Trendy, modern rooms. Pricing was good. Hotel appears clean, and casino doesn't smell of cigarettes. Lion habitat was fun, and has monorail at the hotel.. . Cons: Food court is far, and poor offering of choices. Elevators are positioned way away from rooms, and we had to walk far to and from the elevator. Smaller, cluttered room. Buffet charged my friend's card 9 times and it took 4 days to get it back. Staff seems unorganized, check in people were lined up, and a couple bypassed the line and they helped them anyway.. . All in all I have to try another hotel next time. I once stayed at Emerial Palace though, and MGM is bounds better than them and many others.
This is a tough one because for just mere convenience and things to do, you can't beat this place: it has lions, a casino, a first class concert venue,  its a monorail stop, etc, etc. I stayed here for the first time Sept 2011 to attend the Sade concert (WORD!). We were in the tower. . . First off, this is a BUSY hotel and not quiet or private. It's Grand central station. But even though its crazy busy, I have to give their front desk staff a lot of respect and they are out there in the line, filtering and guiding people to open clerks. So they definitely have their crowd control down. . . My main complaint is that the rooms are "old". Not in the sense that you're looking at a pastel flowers bed spread or a Nagel picture, but old in the sense that it was built over 10 years ago (which is like 40 in Vegas years) before more advanced insulation and noise reducing concrete walls were standard. So you can hear your neighbors upstairs, downstairs, outside. Unfortunately for me, I overheard a domestic dispute at 3am. Fortunately for me, I couldn't tell which room it was coming from! Up? Down? Left? Right? . . We went to the West Wing Bar and went through that part of the hotel. I spied inside one of the rooms as it was open being cleaned. And yes that room is super new but its also super small! If I was there just to drink/gamble and wasn't going to use that room for other than a sh*t and a shower, then it'd be a serious option.. . Either way, the only way I'd stay at this hotel again is if there's a big concert or event going down. But truth be told I'd probably stay at the back property, The Signature, instead. It's hella far away but close to the MGM Grand Arena anyway. Our friends were staying there and its what you'd expect of the MGM.  My recap:. . Pros:. -This resort has everything. You really don't need to leave. -The Grand Arena/special events/concerts. -Great deals mid week. Definitely these rooms are worth it at $44/night. -Great service from front desk staff and hotel staff. -Of course the lion habitat.. . . Cons:. -Really busy; all the time, . -Not the newest hotel rooms; noisy and not very private
Hotel: . I was underwhelmed by the hotel aspect of MGM Grand. I feel that the price was excessive, especially considering the "resort fee" which is just a way for them to advertise a lower price than you'll actually pay. Broken shower controls meant I was taking lukewarm showers my entire trip and the video checkout didn't work. Relatively minor inconveniences seem a lot worse when you consider how much you pay for them. Especially since I've stayed at other hotels in Vegas that are cheaper and nicer. . . Casino: . The best thing about the MGM Grand Casino is they have a quarter-operated mechanical horse racing game that's one of the last few in existence. Even the "old vegas" casinos have largely phased out anything mechanical in favor of computer chips that require a lot less maintenance (and sadly it seems like many are also trying to replace real live dealers with computers as well, but that's a different story). Playing this mechanical horsie game is a lot of fun, and a treat since you know you may be one of the last people to ever play it. . . Craps is my game, but I found the craps dealers to be somewhat brusque and not nearly as much fun as the dealers I've encountered downtown at The Four Queens or Fitzgeralds. My friend was repeatedly admonished for the way he put his chips down, I incurred the wrath of a dealer for taking an extra second before shooting to make sure everyone had their bets in. Overall the atmosphere was much less fun than what I'm used to. Tipping the dealers did not seem to improve their mood. . . Other: . We didn't really eat, drink, or do anything else at the MGM. . . Overall: . I have more fun staying and playing downtown than I do on the strip. While MGM is probably a great place for lots of folks, it really isn't my type of place. And yeah, the lukewarm shower thing still bugs me.
staff is very friendly, helpful, and cheery. everyone says hi in passing.. . we stayed in the grand tower which was fairly large for vegas (standard size) and clean. we heard the new remodeled west wing ones were much smaller and the windows are extremely small, like the size of the headboard. quick check in and out. no coffee maker in the room :( which i desperately needed to wake up in time to check out. and the shampoo/conditioner squeeze bottles are a pain! i spent 5 min in the shower just trying to squeeze the contents out of one bottle.. . compared to the other hotel casinos on the strip, it was lacking the WOW factor of vegas. yes, they have a lion habitat and a golden lion in the front and in the lobby but there was nothing else. i did appreciate the golden sun/stars on the ceiling but it lacked the detail and pazzaz i expected.
MGM is like one of the classics of the strip.  I remember coming to Vegas as a kid and amazed by the grandeur and greeness of  MGM.  To me it was the creme de la creme of hotels back in the day.  While it doesn't have the wow factor like Bellagio or Cosmo now, it seems to be one of the hotels you always cruise through for a photo op with the gold lion, boxing matches, cirque de soleil KA, and the lions habitat.  I've also checked out Crazy Horse Paris here, which was decent. See my review ;-)  Otherwise, like others have said, the hotel is pretty standard with its casinos and restaurants.. . Though I've only stayed in the deluxe rooms and queen bungalow suites. These rooms smelled either old and moldy or like stale cigarettes.  Even though I requested non smoking rooms.   I don't know why these rooms are still going for over 200 a night.  These are worth more like mid 100s, bc they're kinda old.  I heard the remodeled west wing rooms are better.  So I recommend getting those or even those fancy shmancy sky lofts if you stay at the MGM.   . . I will say the lazy river and Wet Republic is a-mazing.  Def. check this out if you are staying here or even if you're not!
The MGM is a nice hotel and resort property - a great place to start if you're beginning your exploration of the nicer resorts and hotels in Vegas.  It's actually one of the better mid-level properties despite some minor frustrations you might encounter.  You will get a nice comfortable room on a property where something is always happening, but with year-round specials at the premier resorts, I'd explore options before making a decision.. . Pros:. Nice room, clean and comfortable. Events and attractions. Cocktail waitresses. Pool area. . Cons:. Inefficient check-in system. Unsympathetic floor manager. . My last MGM experience began with a sour taste, but once I got past the horribly inefficient check-in, I settled down and enjoyed some of the amenities on the property.  It would be an understatement to call the registration process chaotic - they really need to create a system that doesn't stress out the folks waiting in line.  To make things worse, the floor manager was unsympathetic and totally useless.  When they couldn't find my reservation, she told me to go to the pay-internet station and search for the reservation, myself.  She did everything to avoid offering any customer service, and did everything to redirect the blame onto me.  If a person waits in the registration line for 30-45 minutes, the least you can offer is fake sympathy.  After being unable to retrieve the reservation, she "offered" me the walkup non-discounted rate...not even the internet rate or any manager's special.  . . The rooms are actually nice: large enough, comfortable, clean - comparable to a nice Marriott or a simpler version of the regular guest rooms at the Bellagio.  The Pool area is large and provides multiple ways to enjoy the water and plenty of spaces to layout under the sun - I'm a sucker for a lazy river.  The waitresses around the pools ignore people they assume won't be ordering, but they were good about coming by once I started a tab.  I can't speak for all of them, but the cocktail waitresses (casino floor) that served me were some of the best in Vegas - friendly, came by often, remembered drinks, and attractive.  . . The MGM is a good destination for any Vegas traveler except for those expecting a little more luxury or Vegas pizzazz.  In my opinion, the MGM fits somewhere right below the premier resorts (like the Wynn) and definitely above the likes of the Monte Carlo or Luxor.  Fortunately for Vegas travelers, the premier resorts run specials that bring their price point in line with the MGM's.  Don't forget, the MGM does offer some nice alternatives with the Signature and Skylofts - both offering a better check-in experience and level of service that is missing at the MGM.  If you do end up at the MGM, don't forget to walk around and take in the sites.. . A very solid Vegas resort with plenty of attractions - if you can handle the initial chaos, you can expect a nice stay.  3.5 stars for the room and property, but 1.5 stars for the service.
While it's certainly a nice place to visit (food options are great from the cheap to the mid-range 24 hour Wolfgang Puck to the super pricey Robuchon), staying in the actual hotel was pretty awful. Super thin walls, a sad little bathroom and dirty looking sheets are not okay. . . The curse of the Vegas 4 star strikes again. The bell guy told me they were planning on renovating the entire hotel and I hope they do. MGM is classic Vegas and deserves more.
Got to stay here for the first time ever after being to Vegas many times. The room was nicely decorated and it was pretty spacious. The room was modern and I was please to see many posters hanging on the wall including Patrick Stewart. . . The reason it was "okay" and not a "fan" was because the outlet in the rooms SUCKED! Anything I plugged in the room would not stay in...I would have to prop something below it so it would stay in. The second was the shower head....how does one really going to be able to shower under that...there was no pressure and any way you want to turn it, it didn't make a difference.. . PRESSURE IS OFF!
comfortable room but way-outdated.  They're undergoing renovation - and boy do they need it!
Well, I would not say "yay I am a fan" but I can say I had a pleasant stay.. The staff was friendly and helpful, our room was clean and we had a nice view of the city.. . CONS: . -electrical outlets sucked, some won't work and some other were all loose, things would not stay plugged!!!. . -TV was pretty old...and by old...I mean OLLLLD!. . -Main lamp in the room was not even plugged..... . -What?! No coffee maker!??!?! WTH! even at Motel 6 they have one!. . -Shower head....terrible..simply terrible...hey MGM!..Costco has really nice ones for 30 dlls!. . -No fan in the bathroom?...ugh.... . -One of the pictures of the wall was missing and the other one had a really messed up frame and no glass??!?!. . Anyways...I am not bitching about it I just think they could improve those things for a more pleasant stay.. . I would stay there again but ask for a better room.
Hotel was great to stay at, service was good (not great) but it took like 20 min to check in.  I think if they refined that servicethey would have a lot more people staying there.  I'd already pre-payed for the room 2 months ago.  Get my cc on file and put me along my way.  You don't need to keep me infront of a computer for 20 min. (I timed it 19:36)
this was once my favorite place to stay on the strip. . . they casino it's self is so enormous you really never have to leave if you don't want to....i guess that was their point. there are so many restaurants, activities, shows, bars, clubs, casino machines, lions, buffet, pools....you could make it a city on it's own! . . the rooms are so/so, but who really cares when you're there to do stuff. on the last day of our trip i was so tired i just watched the lions for a long time. it was a nice way to detach from the loud casino noises and smoke. . . 3 stars for mgm giving horrible offers lately and not helping a sister out when she was so loyal!
At eagle's concert
Not impressed with this hotel at all.  I expected much better for the price.  They are apparently going to be renovating some of the rooms soon.  They need to!  For some reason the hotel room just seemed to be outdated. The shower/tub was small.  Oh and they still had old school tv's. No flat screens or LCD's.  The best thing about the room was the bed.  It was quite comfy! The casino, restaurants and everything else at the MGM were nice and clean. Not too sure if I'll stay here again. I'd have to see how it looks after the renovations.
I stayed at the MGM grand for a recent conference, and after hearing a coworker state how much she absolutely hated the MGM Grand, I expected the worst. . . The hotel was booked for the weekend, and I arrived late the night before the conference, so only smoking rooms were available. The smoking room was disgusting and since you can't open windows in Vegas, there was nothing I could do but suffer through the night. I felt awful the next morning. . . However, I went and checked the next morning, and they had a non-smoking room available, so I was able to switch that day. The room was clean and the bed was comfortable. I didn't spend much time in the room, so that's really all I needed. The internet access was reliable and though we did lose water for about 5 hours one day due to the ongoing renovation, we were notified in a timely manner, so it wasn't an issue. . . The casino floor was great. As a newbie, I didn't feel too intimidated walking around, and the waitresses were quick to take care of us.. . There were tons of dining options (reviewed separately), access to the Monorail and plenty to do.. . The conference space was a bit of a pain. It's not really set up for that many attendees (one escalator up and one down for 7000 people with no regular stair options is a bit ridiculous), but the sound and presentation devices were fine. . . I would stay at the MGM Grand again if I were guaranteed a non-smoking room again, though I may wait until the renovation is complete.
There are so many things that go into a casino hotel. For me, it was a place to crash in Vegas. The price was cheap and the room was clean.. . I love that parking is free at the hotels along the strip. The MGM grand parking is plentiful and pretty easy to navigate. Unless you park in the garage, you might not know there are a few shops and food places on the lower level. Nothing worth making a special trek down there, but if you want ice cream or breakfast or a souvenir, you can find options there.. . We happened upon the lion habitat by accident. There were a couple of lions and a lot of people taking pictures. If you've ever been to a zoo, there's not much else to see here.. . The casino floor is clean and vast. We wanted to play roulette but the only human attended table was a $25 min table. We stood watching a bit and decided to put in a single bet just for fun. As we were taking our money out, the dealer immediately told us that there were cheaper tables on the other side of the casino. She gave us a bit of an attitude so we left to go find the other tables. Sure, there were other roulette tables, but none were open. We wandered back and then returned to the "too expensive" table to place our single bet. We played a bit of blackjack but had to leave since we were just trying to kill an hour before we checked out.. . I was a little disappointed with the signage for all restaurants/areas. We had to wander through the casino to get to the West Wing exit so we could catch a tour shuttle. Some signs said West Wing and some did not. Totally confusing.. . We also wanted to try a dessert from one of the restaurants but we didn't want to sit down for it. They do not let you take out or get items delivered to your room. Bummer.. . The hotel is nice and cost-effective. But there's nothing to make me recommend it over any other hotel I've stayed at on the Strip.
Review for casino only:. . The MGM Grand is huge with enough variety of machines and table games to please almost anyone.  There are several bars throughout and many restaurants.  . . Despite the huge size, there are no nooks or areas where you can be basically alone unless you go at an off time.  At night, the casino is often quite crowded despite its huge size.  . . Still, I find the place A-OK.
The suites are nice and the lion habitat is cool.
I stayed at the MGM Grand west wing for few days.  There was nothing special about it.  As a matter of fact, I don't think I will consider staying there anymore.  At least, I will not stay at the west wing if I do consider it.  It is a long walk from the self parking to the elevators.  This is kind of hard if you are carrying luggage and for older people.  Stay away from the BUFFET.  It is not over priced ($30) for what it offers.  Desert items were good though.
The MGM has a lot to offer but so do all the other casino's. I don't come to Vegas often but prefer the Palazzo.
Decent hotel, especially for the rate we got. . . Sometimes the lines get long for cabs, but remember it's also a monorail stop, which is an easy way to get around Vegas.. . The one creepy thing is that there was a picture of Patrick Stewart staring at where I slept. Freaked me out a little bit.. . MGM has some amazing food though. Went to Nob Hill and had some of the best fries ever, accompanied by a Dark 'n Stormy.. . Also visited The Grand Wok and had an amazing cocktail. Was tart and tasty for sure.. . Breakfast at the Studio Cafe was just what I needed after a long night of drinking and was fairly reasonable.. . All in all, it's a solid hotel. I do prefer a place like the Hard Rock though.
Took my grandparents here for their first Vegas experience. Since it was right before Christmas, everything was even glitzier than normal. . . The check-in took over 30 minutes. The front desk staff was friendly. . . The rooms were really nothing special, plain. At least they were clean. . . The casino is huge and poorly designed. There is never a quick way from point A to point B. I gambled quite frequently butmwas never once offered a free drink. Lame. . . The lion habitat is nothing special. All, we saw were sleeping lions. . . I aprreciate that there were a lot of dining options. I like the Rain Forest Cafe bloodies and cheap breakfast in the morning. The sushi place was good too. . . If you can get a cheap deal on the room, go for it! Otherwise try somewhere else.
MGM Grand. The hotel with all the big boxing matches and the lion "habitat". It was the first time I stayed here and we found it for a pretty reasonable price. . . A big heads up when parking in their structure is to remember exactly where you parked. It could get kind of confusing and you may get lost. Checking in was really quick and rooms are pretty spacious. One of the biggest downers was that when we made room reservations online the website said we would have free buffet tickets. When my husband went to check in the girl at the front desk said she had no indication of that special on the system. She stated that if there was something on the confirmation email or if we have proof she could give it to us. I was totally bummed even though my husband screenshot it on his ipad from the website we didn't decide to pursue it. We kind of forgot about it. Still a big let down though.. . The room was pretty spacious but the television was a little dated. One of the big things I look for in a hotel room is a flat screen and this television was a little old school. The room was fairly clean minus the pillow with "stains" on it. Yes, I know. I have watched all those little news specials about how disgustingly dirty 5 star hotel rooms are and how many stains are on the walls and comforters using a blacklight. The only thing is I didn't have a blacklight and the stains were just there. Mind you it was only the decoration pillow but it was pressed up against the pillows we were supposed to sleep on. I threw it on the side of the room and opted to not have the room service clean so they don't put it back on the bed. Aside from that the bed was amazing and I had the best sleep there on my vacation.. . The hotel is location is pretty good too especially if you are driving since its more toward the beginning of the strip. There's lots of restaurants and lounges in the hotel that you can choose from but the hotel is currently under some renovation. You can also walk next door to New York New York or to the other nearby hotels. Great thing is that it is located at the beginning of the monorail if you want to blow $15 bucks for an all day pass to use the monorail on the strip. Overall good experience for the price.
This place used to be the BUSINESS! Now the rooms aren't so great. I guess their success is their down fall. But I'm sure they have renovated the rooms by now.
The hotel is nice but the service was not . We arrived at 11 pm they didn't have our room that we wanted so they moved us to another that was cheaper then the price we paid and did not give us the difference in price that was $50 a night. The casino is OK other hotels have more tables open at nigh slot machines are OK . Will not stay again to far away form the main STRIP.
Overall a good hotel. Our room was clean and stocked. House keeping came every day unless we choose not to be disturbed. The front desk was accommodating. I liked there was a lot of staff available. Their buffet is good. Reasonable price and lots of food especially for dinner.
When I went to Las Vegas, I was expecting to stay at one of the main resorts on The Strip, and with a name as well-known as MGM Grand, I think I was expecting better. . . Like all the big hotels, it took 15 minutes to go through the casino to the elevators and to our room... I think it would've been tons better if there had been elevators near the lobby instead of alllll the way in the back. Dragging. Luggage. . . The concierge/help desk were nice, though, so I give them that. I also liked that there was a food court available with a nice selection of food. . . Also... does anyone else who's been here think it's super silly that there's a TV in the bathroom mirror? Haha.. . All in all, it was just an okay experience here, but not all that memorable.
This is a difficult review to write, due to the nature of my stay and because I know some of the things I did not enjoy about the MGM Grand are just the way things are in Las Vegas. I stayed 4 nights in November 2011, and my number one complaint about the place was the perfumey smell they use to cover up the cigarette smoke in the casino. That stuff made my eyes water instantly and gave me a headache after a little while. Fortunately I didn't have to spend much time in the casino, as I was there for a conference, so mostly I was just passing through. I would seriously have preferred to smell cigarettes, though. My room looked nice--it had clearly been remodeled recently-ish--but it wasn't all that clean. In addition, the light over the bathroom sink was burned out and that sink drained so slowly (and had a bizarre faucet that had to be turned on practically full force to get hot water) I almost overflowed the sink when washing my face.. . Since I was at the hotel for a conference and not to gamble all my monies away, it would have been super great to have a small fridge in the room, and a coffeemaker, but I can't really point the bony finger of blame at the MGM Grand for that, since I'm pretty sure Las Vegas hotels do not have those amenities (the Palazzo didn't, and it is significantly nicer than the MGM Grand).. . Something I did enjoy about my stay is they had decorated for Christmas, and the place looked very pretty. Also, the front desk people I talked to for check-in and check-out were very helpful, and I appreciated that.
I enjoyed my stay here, but it felt "old". The building, the ambiance, and the crowd - old. We were there in early January for a work conference and didn't have to pay for anything, so my comments aren't based on price (I'm not even sure what a night there goes for). . . I stayed in a regular room, which had nice decor, was clean and had a view of the strip. During our stay the water was cut off between the hours of 10am-4pm in the rooms for maintenance and remodeling, not a issue for me, because I wouldn't be in my room during those hours, but I heard some folks complaining about it at the desk. . . Yes the place is HUGE, and yes I did get lost. yes the lions look sad and cramped...and while we were there, two guys were always in there just sitting with them. (I assume they were trainers or keepers of some sort, but why they were always in there made no sense.). . All the catered food for our events was delicious, no complaints there. I did visit Tabu their "lounge" bar because some guy  in a suit (I assume he was staff) handed us wrists bands good for free cover and an hour of free drinks; had fun dancing the night away. (FYI: Tabu has the crazy trippy wall that was painted to change depending on the color light being shined on it. At first we thought it was a image projection, but no its the actual wall. The best way I can describe it is those ridged pictures you get sometimes that change depending on how you bend or move the card in the light.). . If I was paying my own way, I probably would have chosen to stay somewhere else and just visited the MGM Grad, but overall a very solid place.
Traveling to Las Vegas on a budget is full of pitfalls. There are so many sites that offer discount on everything, but sifting through all of the choices is difficult. . . For example, tickets to cirque are expensive (worth it, but costly). There are several sites that offer some discounts. It ends us that a small link on the Cirque site offers the most straightforward discount. Then I realized that we could have gotten free tickets with our room if we would have booked through the hotel. The discount websites were in the same ballpark as the free ticket rate from MGM. So, do some homework if there is specific things you want to do. . . When you purchase your room through a discount site you are most likely buying a room in the west wing of this property which is a very far walk from the front door. My wife and I are very quick walkers and it took us probably 12 minutes from front door to our hotel room door. That was frustrating and we didn't realize it until we were there. . . Discount sites also did not make it clear that we would have to pay a $20.00 per day resort fee in addition to the prepaid amount. The hotel tried to tell us that WiFi costs $15.00 per day and there were some other crap amenities that we were supposed to be thankful for in exchange for the $20.00 per day. Its a profit center for them and I'm starting to realize that vegas is full on nickel and diming you for everything now. . . All of the other strip hotels advertised that they didn't charge the $20.00 resort fee so maybe MGM is the only one doing that. . . The room was fine, although the only shower/toilet separation was a frosted glass wall. Fine for the shower, but the toilet was a little awkward especially if you have to make a special deposit if you know what I mean. I don't want anyone in the room with me have to suffer that. . . The hallways were somewhat dirty. I'm not sure if that was on the "west wing" cheap rooms residents or the cleaning crew was a little lax. Either way, it was not "clean". Our room was clean and that's my main priority. . . This hotel has a nice selection of restaurants including the best sushi on the strip and the finest dining at Joel Rebuchon ($495 per person for a 16 course pre fixe). They also have quite a few lower cost options for eating. . . Plenty of gambling and Cirque's "KA" show is there. Other stuff is there, but this trip centered around a friends wedding, so we spent more time with them that doing other stuff. . . Notable mention for Wolfgang Puck's Bar and Grill. The food although a bit on the high side of price is very good.. . Another plus at MGM is the Valet parking...best on the strip for drop off and pick up ofyour car. No other place was as efficient and friendly. Don't be cheap, tip a buck or two when they retrieve your car. More if you have a bunch of people or crap to load.
Was there this past January 26-29 on a frat alumni guy's trip.  I give it three stars for the price (even better if you havea AAA member discount) and service.  Staff was very nice and helpful.  The room was meh - nice compared to some hotels, but in respect to Las Vegas strip, dated.  We got the Deluxe Grand Queen -- the non-renovated one.  We had asked for joining rooms, and ended up getting ones across from each other.  Too lazy to bother, as we were on a mission to hang out.  We were told to avoid the buffet here by many cab drivers, so we did.  Oh, and do not buy water or soda down in the newstand.  Take the effort to go to the ABC store next door (on your way back to the room from the strip).  A large bottle of water was 2/$2 or a 16 oz was 2/$1.  Much better than the $3 dollar for a small bottle at the hotel.. . When coming from the airport, make sure you tell the taxi driver not to take the highway or tunnel.  Something I wish I knew.  The cab ride should be $15 at most.  Taking the tunnel cost me $27 plus tip, and the highway is even longer.. . Saw the lions.  It sucked.  They were really lethargic, and just laid around.  . . Its really more of a dated family oriented 3-star hotel.  For young people 30s and below, I would spend the extra 20 dollars a night and stay at Planet Hollywood or Paris where it is more central to the strip and closer to the party.  Cosmopolitan is where it is at.  The walk from MGM was sooooo loooong.  We walked the first day, thinking things were close since we could see it from our room.  Big mistake.  Taxi'd it the rest of the trip since we were a group.. . All in all, its okay.  Would choose differently next time.
MGM Grand is a great casino, but in many ways it's too large.. . We had won a contest a while back and came here just after New Years.  Our rooms were wonderful, the food in their different dinning places was very good, and we were actually net winners during ourstay, but it took us forever to get through to the elevators.  Because I am tall it was really very helpful that I could see over some of the machines and get an idea of which direction to lead our little group.  . . Don't get me wrong, Vegas can be fun -- but we didn't like the reconnaissance mission to get in/out of the place.  . . Like I said, I think MGM is a just too large.  If you go, remember to leave breadcrumbs to help retrace your steps!
The notorious MGM grand, where do I begin?. . Overall, I think the hotel is bi-polar. Some ends try to be affordable, while others try to be chic/trendy and very pricey.  Prices equal, I'd stay at Mandalay over MGM every time.. . It's huge! You need a map to get around the ground level. The Casino is huge lots of tables spread out all over.  The minimums can get pricey.. . Studio 54 is MGM's club. I've reviewed it on here as well, long story short not recommended at all. Hopefully they re do it to a Vegas standard. The pool here is very popular and they can't have a nightclub overshadowed by the pool, that's just not right. Step your game up!. . Hotel rooms are interesting. Since they are so large and expanded their basic rooms depend on where you are placed. The deluxe room is the standard two bedroom look. the beds are comfortable but the room seems to be slightly smaller than other two bedroom hotels. Nothing significant. The tv was old and bathroom was average.. . The west wing rooms are fixed up to look more modern. Some furniture is nice an trendy, while other pieces look tacky and cheap. small bathrooms.. . The hotel floors are long and sometimes you get stuck far from both elevators. Not good for drunken walks back to the hotel room.. . They have good comp lengths. They offer 3 day comps and I once called the night before new years and got a free room for the weekend. Can't be mad at that!. . Most dining options are all very pricey. All their expensive restaurants are nearby and heavily advertised. this is where the bi-polarity is evident. Decent priced hotel, wide range of table minimums, comped rooms, but very few "cheap" dining options. their cafe was overpriced, slow service and tasted average.. . I have watched a fight here, and fight nights are pretty crazy. The Arena is a definite plus.. . When it comes to hotels, I'd put MGM in the middle of the pack. It has its positives but nothing that really sticks out to me.
On the first day we were in Vegas this was one of our first stops. We decided to park our car here. OMG it was difficult trying to navigate our way out of here. We had to ask several people. We didn't dine or gamble here. We mostly just past through and look a brief look at the lions exhibit. The lions are so boring. They sleep most of they day. The casino didn't over much promotions either. Meh.
This hotel was nice, our room was beautiful, but somehow I still felt a bit unsatisfied staying here.. . The pros: the marvelously comfortable bed, the spacious room, the nice flatscreen TV.. . The hotel and casino were both beautiful.. . The cons: the food options in this hotel were disappointing and we chose not to eat there over the span of our 5-day trip. The only coffee option is Starbucks. The hotel is not nearly as cool, fun, or activity-filled as other hotels (such as the Bellagio with its water show or the Caesars with it's Chinese New Year garden and shops). THE HOTEL CHARGES A $20 RESORT FEE, WHICH PURPORTEDLY IS FOR THE WI-FI AND SOME OTHER NONSENSE. Oh, and you no coffee maker in the room, obviously so that you'll go spend money on coffee downstairs at Starbucks. . . Additionally, the free wi-fi internet was spotty and slow, the concierge and front desk failed to pick up our phone calls on more than one occasion and we had a RIDICULOUSLY long walk to and from our room on check-in and check-out days. . . ***A quick Vegas note, it's painfully obvious to me that most casinos are designed to be islands of their own, so massive as to make visitors get lost in them and be reluctant to leave. MGM was actually less guilty of this than the Caesars or Bellagio.
This hotel has a great location, excellent access to the strip.  You also get free admission to Wet Republic if you stay here during the summer months, which is a nice benefit.  The rooms here are standard for Vegas, nothing too exciting but who cares, really, you don't come to Vegas to sit in a hotel room.  I haven't stayed in the remodeled wing yet, so I'm sure my rating will improve once I have a chance.  If I can remember right, we were given a few complimentary drink coupons at the front desk when we checked in, which are always a very courteous gesture from a hotel.
I stayed here for a work event last week, and will be back again in two weeks for a similar events. The check-in process was painless, and the front desk is just around the corner from the elevators to our room. My first time in the room was to just put my stuff down and head back to the conference area. I was able to more closely inspect the room later that night :). . The bedroom area of the room (2 queen room) was pretty nice. The beds and pillows were comfortable, enough plugs to plug in all of my chargers. The tv doesn't really match the caliber of the hotel in my opinion, but it worked and did the job. The decor of the bathroom was also a little disjunct, but it was big and nice. . . The one thing that really grinded my gears though is that I had some leftover pizza from Wolfgang Puck's that I was planning to eat the next evening. Since there are no fridges in the rooms, I left it on my desk and came back that afternoon to find it gone. Major disappointment. Either way, my standards for Vegas hotels are pretty basic since I mainly need them to sleep and shower, and the MGM did the job.
Great casino and good food. I still prefer Bellagio.
Some friends were in town, staying at the MGM, so we were able to experience more of the establishment than normal. After meeting on the floor, we all went up to their room to catch up while they had some drinks. . . On the 14th floor, their room was located down what seemed to be an endless hallway straight out of a psychological thriller type movie. Upon opening the door to their room, they were excited to show us the TV screen above the sink. Not sure how many people need a 6"-ish TV screen embedded in the wall by the sink, but cool.. . Walking past the sink/bathing area, we got to the main portion of the room. There was a decent sized, and comfy bed against the windows, a stylish leather chair against one wall, and a desk with a chair against the opposing wall, next to the 'closet'. The layout of the room may have had some bearing on the sensation that the room was very small and cramped. Most Motel 6 rooms are more spacious than this room. It was nicely appointed, just... cramped.. . Drink prices in the casino bars and lounges are typical on strip, casino prices: rip offs. Not as bad when friends are buying the drinks, when it comes out of your pocket it hurts just a little bit more.
Waited 20 minutes to check in. Waited 20 minutes for our baggage to be kept at the bell desk. Not so great casino service and staff certainly not there to be personable. . . Besides that, it was fair.. Oh no, there's more... No lions anymore? What happened to THE MGM, perhaps they got bit by Peta. Touche!. . The rooms are nicer than Luxor, I thought. They just reconstructed some of the floors so if you're lucky you'll get the flatscreen tv and the shnazzy contemporary interior design.. . There's a not so bad bar in the center of the back entrances called Centrifuge. I would rate it borderline but the bartenders get up on the bar and brings the energy by what looks to be like homebrewed choreography.  http://www.mgmgrand.com/nightlife/centrifuge-bar.aspx
We really like the MGM but we booked a room last minute in the West Wing and these rooms are very different from the standard MGM rooms. I guess you could say they are quaint. I mean don't get me wrong, they are nice enough but the size leaves something to be desired and the room is literally like 1/4 mile at the end of the hall. They are slowly renovating rooms and you can see exactly where they stopped. Had to have housekeeping redo the bedding because I don't think it was changed before we got here, not pleasant. They questioned what was wrong with the bedding...I wouldn't ask you to go to the trouble of changing it if nothing was wrong!! We checked in early but didn't go into the room til after 4 and they asked us how long we were in the room, like that made a difference?! Just change my sheets pretty please. But it only took minutes for them to come up and fix the problem, even offered to re-clean the entire room! Got a great deal on the room so I guess we will compromise.
There are some great upsides and some annoying downsides to the MGM. It's a city in its own and you never have to leave if you can afford it. There are lots of entertainment options right on the property from Circque de Soleil, to a comedy club below the lobby. It has an arena with top acts currently touring the country appearing nightly..      The rooms are very nice and the beds are soft and comfortable..     It has a beautiful pool area with a lazy river.. It has many restaurants, some great and some greatly over rated. I found Emeral's in the latter catagory. Their Knob Hill bar served me an eleven dollar pair of ribs appitizer that had actually been fried into unchewable leather. The fish and chips in the coffee shop is excellent and I've never had a bad breakfast there and I've probably had at least fifty breakfasts there..     If you're into night-clubbing they have Studio 54 and Club Tabu.. .       A current downside (4/4/12 is that its undergoing renovation and the jackhammers start at 9AM..       Room service is pricey and the wait is long. A pal ordered a shrimp cocktail and a beer and I think it was $50..       The Will Call for the arena is untrustworthy. I left two tickets to the ACMA's for guests and when my guests got there the tickets had disappeared. Two other people were sitting in their seats..        If you have a room with a door that adjoins another room you can hear the people in that room like they are in your room..       I spent eighteen minutes on a house phone trying to get an operator listening to a recording tell me how much they cared about my business. The line eventually went dead without anyone ever answering. I was ready to rip the phone off the wall..       A small but highly annoying detail: Bring your own moisturizer. They have these tall square bottles that don't squeeze easily. When you do squeeze hard enough to get some out, it all comes out. It looked like the money shot from a large animal in a porn produced by Animal Planet. I had conditioner all over my Dopp Kit, medicine bottles, the counter, the mirror. It was a big mess. They need to find the guy who designed that and kill him before he breeds.
Upgraded my room here for 3 nights for the "newly renovated rooms" at $20 a night, which I'm thinking was worth it because I've heard the other rooms are ghetto.  I had no problems with the service at this hotel, but I probably won't be staying here again in Vegas.  For one, it's location is not ideal unless you want to spend most of your time walking back and forth between Caesars / Bellagio area, and the fact that the Casino is confusing AS ALL HELL to navigate, my friends and I literally got lost every night. Plus, the free Wi-Fi sucked (I know, first world problems) but I was expecting to get work done and ended up having to go downstairs because I could barely get one bar of 4G let alone wireless. Overall my experience was just meh, concierge was helpful though.
Just got back from a 4 night stay at the MGM Grand. Although a very clean and nice hotel I would make sure when booking to ask for the new renovated rooms. Our room was very basic, but no fan in the bathroom and only one mirror in the whole room, that was in the bathroom. Making it hard for a group of girls to get ready.  But my biggest problem wasnt with the room, it was that the MGM Lions are no longer at the hotel!! When we asked someone about them they said the new CEO of the hotel didnt think they needed to spend any more money on them and now they are at some zoo. But they still show the lion habit on their website. I would not stay at MGM again only because of the location. Its at the end of the strip and not in the center of all the hotels. We walked to The Mirage and found that, that hotel would have been perfect location to access everything better. Side note, Love, The Beatles show was the most amazing show ever, I highly recommend! We had the cheapest tickets and still say everything perfectly.
Once upon a time, when I was at the ripe age of 8, I would look forward to my family vacations in Vegas - watching the cheesy shows, playing at the kiddy arcades, getting kicked out of the casino for being under aged, you know the usual. . . (It really did happen, by the way). . But I loved staying at the MGM Grand, being welcomed by that huge Wizard of Oz display, seeing the lions habitat...but all that is gone and it makes my childhood self very sad.. . My adultself is also not too pleased with the hotel as of recent. While they may have gotten rid of some '90s memorabilia, the MGM's vibe is still very much stuck in the past. Aside from having a great pool area (there's like 18 pools here. not really, but there's a lot) and lots of dining to choose from, the hotel itself is a bit blah and outdated.. . The rooms need major renovations. For what you pay, you'd expect a classier room with furniture that wasn't upholstered 20 years ago, it seems. The bathrooms are nicer than the actual bedroom I will say. My friends and I shelled out $509 (for a double) for two nights which I find pricey for the quality of the room.. . Will go back for the hotel's attractions, like Ka or the day club, but not to spend the night.
We were there for a conference, pretty much spend the entire time inside their conference center, cannot really tell much, but the walk from parking garage to conference center....it's way too far.
I told my daughter she'd get to see lions. WHERE ARE THE F'n LIONS?
The MGM Grand is a great place to get a fun overall Vegas experience, but don't expect all the "bells and whistles.". This is my second visit to MGM.  The property is located in an excellent location with access to most of the casinos on the South end of the strip. . The Spa is amazing and the Pool area is big and well laid out.  I was a little disappointed at the West Wing accommodations as I had expected something a little more lush based on the advertisement and price.  . The cafe by the pool was awful and overpriced.. On the plus side, Wolfgang Pucks restaurant and Circe Du Soleil's Ka, both located in GMG, are definitely worth the upscale price.. If you are looking for great access to the strip and a well rounded introduction to Vegas, the MGM is a good choice.
Stayed here over the weekend. It was a Yelp discounted rate and I think they might have made a mistake because our room for a night was $10 and the second night $100 something.. . Anyways, the hotel itself was ok. The lobby had no sittingarea so you kind of just stood there while your friends checked in. . . Our rooms had broken sheers so it didn't go up. It was a remodeled room but it still smelled really bad inside like old smoke. I hated the shower because 1) it was short and 2) no water power. I like my showers to have water coming out strong. That is the only way I can feel clean to wash off the smoke of vegas.. . Would I stay here again? Probably not considering all the other options but for the price we got, yes.. . Internet wasn't too good here either. Although it was "comp" it was pretty spotty. Going to the pool from the room also was like a journey. Too bad no elevators close for guests.
I have never stayed at the MGM grand but it will definitely be the next place I stay when I go to Vegas. but I did walk through and it smells SOOO GOOD!!! Not like the other hotel and casinos that reak of cigarettes and booze. really really pleasant:)
Lets see... MGM was just alright. nothing spectacular.  I took advantage of the Yelp Spring Break Deal and booked the room right away -- got pretty good deals!. . From the last time I've been here, the rooms have changed a lot. Now it's all modern looking. I guess hotels just have to be renovated in order to compete with other cooler and more luxurious hotels and to keep the guests staying. . . The room was alright. It was clean. The bathroom was eh. I didn't like the smell of the shower curtain. It had a mildew smell, i was gagging while taking a shower.. i had to squirt those shower gel on the curtain to use it as an air freshener. haha  . The shower head was so slow.. imagine if you're at home and your other family members are using the shower at the same time... everyone's fighting for the water flow. Yeah, that's how it was. With that nice looking shower head, i thought it was a powerful one. but nope... weak. And no matter what setting i used it was just slow. . . Went down to the pool ... there were two big pools, 1 volleyball pool, 1 lazy river that's attached to a pool w/ waterfalls. I love the lazy river -- so relaxing. Oh and FYI..those tube / live saver thingy is $16 each to rent! i was like what the crazy!?!??! . . Staffs were friendly when I checked in. I like how they have the orange and lemon infused water in the lobby for guests to quench their thirst on a hot day.. . Other than that, MGM was just ok. Would i stay again? umm.. only if they have good deals. Otherwise between MGM and Mirage, i prefer mirage. It's cleaner and better location.
We came here on a recent fight night  and the place was packed.  The glitz and glam was over the top and it was quite fascinating to see all the people dressed to the nines to go and see a couple of guys beat the crap out of each other.. . Unfortunately that was the only memorable thing about MGM.  This place is a staple of the strip and at one point and used to be the place to go.  Now with the many upscale casinos that have popped up along the strip, MGM has become somewhat archaic.. . To MGM's credit, they tried to remain relevant by changing their business model in the early to mid 90's by becoming "family friendly" and building an amusement park.  Unfortunately for them that model didn't work because Vegas isn't a kids town.  That is evident by all those street vendors handing out the escort pamphlets as you walk up and down the streets.. . From the outside, MGM is still gorgeous.  There is something royal about that greenly lit building without the tackiness of many Vegas establishments.  The inside however could use a face lift as many of us could with age.  It seems as though they are continuously working on the entrance at the corner of Trop / LV Blvd and I would suggest they take some of that budget and move it inwards.. . Table prices are high as you'd expect but you can go across the street to one of the lessor known casinos and find more reasonable tables.  . . I still like MGM.  It is like an old shoe that is comfortable.  But even with old shoes, you eventually have to upgrade.
So here's an update on the horror story that happened on my previous review.  After marching down to the counter the following morning, there was nothing that could be done except attempting to move us 20 floors up and for goodwill, knock off the 25 dollars a day resort fee thatall mlife hotels charge.  Granted, it was a nice attempt, but at this point, my trip was pretty much ruined.  This is not the experience I want to have on vacation.  We should've had the 26th floor room to start, and nobody would be upset.  In any case Stewart was a doll. He told me to come back before 4pm to pick up our new room keys.. . And off we went to explore the Strip.. . However, near noon, I got a call from a local Las Vegas number which leaves a voicemail.  Guess who?  It's the assistant manager at MGM Grand, Shannon!. . Great gal, she is apologetic, sincere, and it didn't hurt that she was more than willing and able to accomodate our upset *sses.  First thing she did: check into upgrade options.  Still no go, that's ok.  Then she moved us to the 25th floor.  THEN she tapped on lifting the charges for our second night stay at the MGM.  Which being a Friday night was more expensive than the Thursday night, so hallelujah to that.  Nice lady.  Told me that they would follow upon whoever touched the account that messed it up so badly.  Wished us a pleasant stay.. . **Now, why is it just one star better?  Look, let's believe that the next time I'm staying at a Las Vegas hotel, it's not going to be MGM.  If my pals want to book a room, it's not going to be MGM.  But I'll give 'em a star at the attempts of Stewart and Shannon.  Great service recovery.  I still had to stay one night on the 3rd floor with a "decent" view with a no smoking room at that.  Which given that we were only there 3 days and 2 nights, makes that about 40% of the trip.  So solid customer service team, but it took too long for them to reach out to me.  Thanks, but no thanks.
Looking at the The MGM Grand from the air you will see a humongous building with lots of pools, including a 1.5 mile lazy river. Under the roof is one of the biggest casinos, a bazillion guest rooms, huge lobby with glittery gold stars on the ceiling, some restaurants and stores all around. . . Zoom in to one of the guest rooms and you will find nothing out of the ordinary. It was a decent enough room, but it wasn't as glitzy as the presentation space surrounding it. . . We had a bumpy beginning. We had to change rooms as the room they had given us had some sort of Hollywood search/spotlights right outside and I was concerned that they might light up our room at night. We then waited for security at one point to open our door because the keycard was not programmed properly. Annoying but we got through it.. . In another strange Hollywood moment:. we were having a nap and the privacy tag was on the doorknob. . Someone's knocking. . Before I even barely get something on, the door opens and this guy is walking in with champagne/water/and some sort of little dessert samples. . Hubby is still in bed and is not happy and tells him so.  . The bellman tells us that the hotel wanted to thank us for choosing their hotel and was comping the bubbly for us. . Not done with finesse I tell you that. . OY! (Definitely a star loser). . So the pros:. Decent sized room, mostly clean.. Awesome king sized comfy bed.. A/C worked fine and was not noisy.. Cool blackout shades that you push a button to raise up and down. . Quiet even though right outside were lots of partiers.. Nice views of the hills.. Good sized tv.. Incredible pools! I mean incredible - including the lazy river pool!!! That was awesome.. floating down a river, that topped the review back out to a 3 star.. Servers were right there to serve you at the pool.. Cardio room was big enough and had adequate machines.. (Water bottles are not free though, unless you want to use the fountain there). Free drinks at the MGM casino.. Tons of gambling machines and other gambling, and always open (that could be a con or a pro ;)). A decent enough buffet on the premises. (I loaded up on smoked salmon and smoked trout for breakfast).. Lots of elevators and not a lot of waiting.. You can actually check in at the airport though I never saw too bad of a line in the lobby.. In fact there are a few people that help you before you even get to the counter at the lobby.. The maids are very friendly.. In fact, most of the people working there were amiable.. . Cons:. No fridge to put some of my own wine in. . Fridge was full of their stuff that they wanted me to purchase. . Even the water was 7.00 though down the street I could get same water for 2.29. I know, I know so what else is new in Vegas right? Well no reason to ignore the obvious nonetheless. Maybe they could change?. Um.. long red hairs in the bathtub.. not mine or hubbys.. . No coffee machine to make 1st cup before going out the door. Guess why?? Starbucks all over the hotel.. Resort fee for: pool/cardio room/wifi. If I wanted to pay 15.00 more a day I could get the "special" spa cardio room. . Nonsmoking not enforceable so you are smelling smoke in the halls (though the room did not smell at all). You have to walk through the casino to get anywhere.. ATM in the casino wants 4.99 even though you will be taking that money and putting it right back into their machines. Slap!. . . Location is a little off the main strip but that might just be a good thing. It's a madhouse out there. We took their buses that run up and down the strip and they are clean and have a/c of course. The stop is very close to the hotel.. . All in all, the hotel was decent enough for Las Vegas. It's only 10 minutes from the airport too so you can make a quick escape back home.
Hmmm...it's kind of hard to judge the MGM at this moment because they are going through a renovation.  So I haven't seen the finished product.  But I did stay in a newly remodeled room, so I can go off that for now.. . What can I say about the MGM.... . Well, the lobby is huge and they have two huge and beautiful screens for you to watch music videos and tweets.  Actually, when we arrived to check in, the Billboard Music Awards were taking place there that night.  So we watched a little of the red carpet up on the screens, which was cool.  The lobby looked like it needed a bit of updating when compared to the newer hotels like the Aria and the Cosmopolitan.  Actually, the whole hotel could use more remodeling, but they are in the process of remodeling so I'm not sure what it will see remodeled in the future.  The MGM does have some nice restaurants like Joel Robuchon and Craftsteak, and there are nice quick places to get food such as Starbucks and McDonald's.. . Our room was okay.  We stayed in the newly renovated Grand King, which was nice but small.  I liked the blackout shutters and the TV, but the bathroom was small and not very impressive.  Also, the minibar is set up like a trap.  If you remove anything on the minibar or in the refrigerator, they will charge you.  If you accidentally move anything and put it back, they will charge you a restocking fee of $55.  That is just ridiculous!  Especially when coming from the Trump, where no such charge or concerns exist!  The room was new, so I'm sure in a few more months there will be a smoke smell to it.. . The thing that I liked the most about the MGM is their lazy river.  I just like lazy rivers, period.  And the MGM was a good sized lazy river, so I can't complain.. . I would probably not come back to the MGM Grand to stay.  There are just too many better options in Las Vegas to stay, so to me it isn't worth it.  Maybe after they finish their renovations, the MGM will look better.  But to be honest, what renovations that I did see didn't really impress me.
The MGM Grand is just slightly smaller than the Andromeda galaxy and hospitality is as alien to them as recycling.  There are about 30 million people in the hotel at any given time, so your odds of experiencing hospitality are 1:30,000,00 - which are better odds than getting an even break.. . The lobby at the MGM Grand is an acre of bare marble, with a big golden lion standing in a flower pot at the center of it.  It's a Beverly Hillbillies bus station without the benches  - you'll sit inthe casino porcupine. . . I tried standing in the lobby, leaning up against the lion and reading the daily news, but tourists kept bothering me with request to take their picture with the lion.  I tried sitting on the floor in the lotus position, but a guy with a mop arrived immediately to mop exactly where I was sitting.  If you like sitting in hotel lobbies like I do, I recommend you bring some camp chairs with you.        . . The casino stretches from Tropicana on one corner of the hotel, to Las Vegas Bl. on the opposite corner. It's a king hell big money pit.  It's noisy, smoke filled, and it took my money - I hate it.  I played the penny machines.  After loosing $6 in transaction fees to the ATM, I lost the rest to that heartless mechanical one-armed bastard.. . The rooms were basic Wall Street meets the Poster Shop - a vending machine full of overpriced drinks and lousy mass produced hotel art.  I worked in the hotel art industry for a few years, and let me tell you, there's a boatload of money to be had selling these pathetic finger paintings to hotels, but in the end, some poor bastard from Hoboken has to sleep with the damn things - or maybe watch pay-per-view while sipping a $7 bottle of vendo-matic water.   The bed was comfortable though, and the electric blackout curtain kept the room nice and dark.. . The Grand Buffett was $35 but a hell of a spread.  They had breakfast and lunch going simultaneously.  I usually shopped the breakfast aisle for eggs and home-fries, then hit the lunch aisle for some salmon to make salmon hash and eggs.  The price really isn't too bad considering all of the orange juice I ordered. . . There is a constant pounding drone of high-energy, up-tempo, techno-electronica, bass-thumping, overly mixed music being extruded from strategically placed stealth speakers to create an ambient, universal, ubiquitous, umbrella of sound no matter where you go.  It's in the casino, the restrooms, the lobby, the sidewalk, and at the pool - they really crank it at the pool.         . . The Lazy Rivers pool is the best thing at the MGM Grand.  I flipped onto my back, let my ears fill with water - ahhh... the racket is gone - and float away in the current.
I'll get my complaints out of the way. I hate resort fees. It's so deceiving, you think you're getting a good deal then you're hit with a $25 or sometimes even more resort fee. Why can't they just do a straight forward price? That's why I like booking with Harrahs properties.. . The other bad thing? Our room keys stopped working after a housekeeper walked in at 10pm. Okay, first of all, if I wasn't so tired from walking around and not having slept the night before, I would have flipped out and called management on her. She had no business in our room and didn't even do a courtesy knock, just slipped her key in and let herself in our room. WTF?!. . This is also the first hotel I've stayed at where they don't have a double lock on the door that will let you prevent such housekeepers from disturbing your privacy even though you already have the do not disturb sign hanging on the door knob.. . Now that that's out of the way, here's what I liked:. . - Newly renovated rooms! Comfy bed, oh my! Flat screen and rather beautiful decor. Love the shades, we left it open so when I woke up at the crack of dawn, I enjoyed the view.. . - Grand Pool: wow, wow, and another wow. Considering that this is the first time I've ever been to a Vegas pool, I was rather impressed. Multiple pools and a lazy river? Yes, please!!! We took a lap at the lazy river and it was really fun. We didn't even have floaters, just walked and sometimes swam and floated. All their pools are 3 1/2 feet deep from what I saw.. . - Take the customer survey. Not only do they give you a 20% off on your next stay, you might even get a reply addressing your concerns from their management. . . Right now, they are undergoing renovations and are pushing reservations by offering 15% off and free buffets with two night minimum stays.. . Sorry MGM, can't say I'm a fan of your resort fees!
Our third or fourth stay @ The Grand. Nothing special nothing terrible. We used the check in at the airport to get a start on the visit. That's handy so you can avoid any lines at the font desk on the property. . . We had one of the remodeled rooms and compared to our previous stays, this decor is much nicer. Love the HD TV. Bed was very comfortable and we slept like logs except for one night when some drunks were arguing in the hall. A call to the front desk quickly brought security and an end to the commotion. . . The "resort fee" is basically just a way of disguising the true room rate but they do make it clear it is mandatory as does every other place in Vegas AFAIK. The wifi worked fine except for having to resign in every day, a minor nuisance. . . My wife was very disappointed the Lion Habitat is gone and replaced with Brad Garret's Comedy Club. He is now on her S$&t list. OTOH, I now have options for other hotels in Vegas since the Lions were the main reason we chose the MGM in the past. . . The MGM is OK but we will be making a different choice next time, perhaps the Bellagio. Even if we do stay at the Bellagio, we will definitely visit the MGM for Wolfgang Puck's Grill were the service is superb and the food is great. . . MGM is OK but considering the sometimes long walks to the room (not this time thanks very much), we will try another MGM Mirage property.
3.5 stars, but rounded down, because ultimately, I won't be back here until they finish construction. When that happens, it might actually be a 4 star experience.. . Check in was quick and painless (service overall in the hotel was very good), and the room was ready when we arrived at 2:30PM. Room itself was pretty nice. The recent renovations certainly give an air of newness to the room, and nothing looked run down or gross. One of the towels did have a yellow stain on them. That towel went straight to the floor.. . Casino is decent, and I was asked if I wanted a drink consistently whenever I decided to start losing money, so that's good.. . However, being awoken from 6-8am in the morning by trucks beeping and dumping things is no bueno. I mentioned it at check out and they comped me the resort fee, which was nice, but bad sleep is one of my big pet peeves, so I'm actually being nice by not giving them 1 star, haha.. . Their pool facilities are actually pretty grand. The lazy river is cool, but the opposite of lazy. Lots of young 20s something getting drunk and rowdy. Definitely a younger place. They do have other pools, some designated for family, for water volleyball, and for lounging. Definitely something for everybody.. . And while you're here, definitely check out Ka, which is a great show.. . All in all, if construction finished and the price was right, I'd come back here, but for now, I need to try the other hotels on the strip.
I stay here few times a year because I have comped stays and discount rooms.. The resort is really nice. The pool, lion habitat and casino are all awesome.. They also just renovated one of the towers, so all the rooms are pretty nice.. Keep in mind this hotel is on the very south end of the strip. It's a long way's from everything else in the middle of strip.. The Coke Cola Store and M & M store are right next door.. One thing that bugs me about this place is the looooonnnnng walk i have to take when I want to get back to my room. I have to go through like two parts of the casino, thousands of people, just to get up.
I had a mixed experience at the MGM.  When we first arrived, we were told to call a certain number to check if our room was ready.  We did around one and the woman who answered was really rude.  We called again at two and the woman snapped at me and hung up.  I called guest services and spoke with a very sweet manager named Monique.  I explained to her what was going on, and she could not have been more apologetic.  She bought us lunch and changed the woman answering the phones, because when we called back around three, we spoke to a very pleasant woman, and our room was finally ready.  LOL.  . . The room was basic, and with all the taxes, resort fees, breathing fees, etc, our room was $300 per night.  Definitely too high for such a simple room.  We didn't even have a mini bar. (Although, that may have been a blessing in disguise.)  . . The casino is well laid out, and easy to navigate even after, uh hem, a few glasses of sangria at Wolfgang Puck's. They check room keys at the elevator to keep everybody safe, which I really like.  Plus, I won $400 on the slots.  The casino gets five stars. LOL.. . We went to a bar called Taboo.  Free booze = yes.  The bartender on the far side close to the DJ on Friday, June first, was a complete jerk.  He glared at me when I asked to give him my credit card so I could tip him, since everything was free.  Then he bit the head off a girl who asked if she could smoke.  It was really weird.  I have never met an angry Vegas bartender until now.  The DJ was also SUPER pretentious.  He refused to take requests, had his own security, (give me a break) and only played about 20-30 seconds of each song.  We stayed until the free booze was cut off and made a break for the Rouge Lounge, which was awesome, and had great bartenders.. . Now on to my favorite part.  The LAZY RIVER!!  Okay, whose idea was it to make a lazy river, inner tubes with handles, and serve me (wildly expensive, but delicious) fruity drinks?  Because I love you.  We had a blast!  It was the most fun I've had in Vegas!  Great people, clean, cool water, strong drinks, awesome music, and on and on.  . . We went to the producers' pool after the lazy river closed and the security guys were such jerks!  They kept yelling at people for making out, smoking, being drunk, etc.  Um, are we in Vegas or in church?  Those guys need to chill out, or find a new job. IT'S VEGAS, for crying out loud.  Sheesh.. . I was torn as to how many stars I should give.  Monique, the lazy river and Wolfgang Puck's get five, but the other staffers, the cost, and Taboo get one.  So I gave three.  I may try a different hotel next time, but this one had some good points. :)
MGM is indeed grand, in fact it is big as shit! A huge hotel and casino with great shops, bars, and restaurants. the restaurants run the ganut from food court fare to fine dining. The MGM has a great feel to it, big and impressive. They no longer have the lion habitat, that's a bummer. Pool is fantastic and a great way to spend the day in a desert. The casino is laid out well, and service in the casino is great. You can easily spend three to four days in the MGM Grand and not run out of things to do, it is truly a city within the city.
If you're used to Wynn or Encore, go there instead. MGM Grand is a very big, cool place. The rooms are decorated very nicely (modern). No matter where we went in the hotel, the food/bev people were great. Front desk crew was both efficient and extremely helpful. The pools are fun - lazy river is great. Bar service at the pools is excellent. My beefs with this place are its security staff and how the hotel runs Wet Republic. First, the spectacle that is Wet Republic is worth the trip. Eye candy central with lots of craziness. $17.50 for a mid-grade 6 oz call-cocktail and near $100 buckets of Bud Light left me feeling REALLY violated. The security staff and entry routine at Wet Republic is absolutely rediculous. I think MGM grand rounded up every mall cop reject with a petty power trip they could find. Two gates + a VERY aggressive frisk and bag check routine left me pretty sour on the place from the start. I've had much better treatment from TSA officers, much more often. Optimism prevailed and a decent time was had. I'm an urban professional in my mid-40's (i.e. not a suspicious looking person). Yet, this tone within the security department was felt in most places throughout the property. The security people at the MGM just need some additional interpersonal training. I left with a tainted feeling like I wasn't quite treated like a paying guest. Maybe I'm just spoiled by places that treat me like that instead.
3.5 stars. Upgrade for MGM! My friend got a room here for the 4th of July holiday - $55 one night and $75 the other night. At that rate, I didn't care if the room was going to be shitty like last time!. . Yay! They updated the rooms. The decor is much better and our room was clean. The shower wasn't a sandblaster and the water came in all temperatures! The outlets were able to hold on to our phone chargers!. . I hated the bed we had though. I barely slept and I have never been so happy to get home and sleep in my own bed in my life. BF didn't particularly care for the bed either, but at least he was able to sleep on it. . . I spent more time in the casino on this visit than I did last time and I did enjoy it. . . This place wouldn't be my first choice to stay when looking for a room in Vegas, but I guess if I can get rooms for $55 I would stay here again.
Stayed here last week. I have very mixed emotions to share about this place. hhhmmm, where to start?. 1. stayed in a executive king suite. nice room, but was surprised at how small the tv was in this room. Family stayed across the hall in queen suite, tv just as small. . 2. they have airport check in which is a big ++++++++++++ and express check out where you can just drop a card in a box and roll out if you do not want to wait in a long line.. 3. Too big!  as big as this place was it was so crowded you could not move. seems like a party place. I recommend for twenty something year olds to get drunk, scream, act abnoxious and hook up but not for couples or if ypu are looking to relax. . 4. Too many little kids as well running all over, stepping on your toes in the elevator.. 5. very loud continous music playing everywhere, inside and outside of hotel. It was so loud, you 2would hit the button for the elevator and miss it because you could not here the bell when it arrived. This was nuts.. 6. great eats, great shopping!. 7. concierage tracy plaven and her team are top notch. Made trip enjoyable!. 8. Pool area is awesome!  very large, multiple pools. However, even though the lazy river was awesome, you  may want to grab chairs at another pool area there unless you like hundreds of little kids between the ages of 4-12 screaming and running all over. . 9. great hot tubs!. 10. over all it was nice, not great, but nice. Probably would not stay here again because the overall impfression I get was it is a meat market, very loud and the construction taking place was very annoying. We didnt even have water one morning which was quite an inconvenience and when you called the front desk about it to find oiut why, they were quite. I don't know if I would recommend this place or not, depends on your intentions when going to Vegas.
Great hotel! Downside was we had to walk down a long hall to the elevator, get off the elevator and walk down another long hall to get to our room. We have never stayed in a place that was such a pain. . . I'm sure there are rooms where this isn't the case but it kind of ruined the hotel for us. No we aren't heavy outbid shape people who don't like to walk; it was a huge hassle compared to all the other hotels we've stayed in.. . The room and the hotel itself were very nice!
I've stayed here once, and never again. Only because it's a journey to get from the lobby to your room, its just so damn big. The guest rooms on the other hand are the tiniest rooms I've stayed in Vegas for the regular room.. . The casino and everything is fine, we actually didn't end up eating anywhere in this hotel, but overall, the stay here was just okay, and I would've enjoyed staying elsewhere that didn't have such a monstorous lobby to get in and out of and getting a larger room for the price.
Well one year later and I was back at MGM this weekend. There is a ton of construction going on including jackhammering (!!) by the slot machines and a complete revamp of the exterior. The rooms have also been recently renovated and look a lot more sleek and modern. . . I still don't particularly care for MGM because it is a total cluster. The registration area is always completely swamped despite the fact that there are like a hundred desks and I've never at any other hotel had to wait to get on the elevator. At MGM there are always about 20 people with suitcases and kids with inner tubes waiting to go up. MGM is a hotel for Vegas newbs and since I've been coming here since I was 6 weeks old, I really just can't handle that anymore!.
Me and my girlfriend stayed here in July and got a room in the West Wing Hotel. Comfortable bed, but thats about all i can say. The rest of the room is all for looks. There was no refrigerator and no microwave and we ended up wasting a lot of food. The ice bucket was waaaay too small and we ended up filling the sink with ice making it useless. There was a bright green light coming in the window all night and it was annoying. At one point the tv wouldnt turn off and i call to call the main desk and have them send someone up to fix it. When he got there it only took a press of a button to fix it. Why didnt they tell me to do that on the phone? Sorry buddy no tip. I hated the bathroom set up. Theres no tub, and theres jut a glass door for the bathroom which was a little uncomfortable because the whole room can hear you. There is a stupid pointless tv screen in the dead center of the mirror in the bathroom. It makes no sense, we didnt use it, and it just got in the way when my girlfriend needed the mirror. Im only giving this room 3 stars because it was very convenient for getting to the the places i needed to go. The UFC fights i was seeing and KA were both in the hotel and it was a very short walk to both. It was July so i didnt want to go outside much. The casino itself was ok. Decent restaurants and a good food court if you dont want to spend a lot of money. I recommend the Studio Cafe.Also, a big downside is theres no more lions and the place was under renovations so it was a little confusing getting places. If your planning on doing a lot of things in the other casinos i would just stay there, but if your seeing a UFC fight or seeing KA it might be be kind of worth it.
A nice casino with a lot to explore but I have a few issues with it. First is the price. It's a little more expensive than nearby casinos and I didn't really feel like the room I got was anything special for what I paid. Second, I'm not a huge fan of the casino's layout. It takes a long time to get from one end to the other and it'll be very easy to get lost if you haven't been here before.. . The MGM Arena was also difficult for me to find. The arena is too compacted and therefore the seats aren't too comfortable.
This is the first hotel that I stayed at in Vegas several years ago and  have stayed here a couple of times since and I really like it. It stands at the beginning of the strip and represents the beginning of a lane of greatness. And over the past few years has been updated to keep up with the mid-strip updates.. .  I will say that it is slightly more expensive than the nearby Tropicana, New York New York, and Excalibur but I think it is worth the few extra bucks. The resort is a little self-sustaining city with plenty to do...be careful not to get lost and spend too much time just there. . . The rooms are clean and the service (room, front desk, concierge, cleaning) are always great. I like the rooms in the West Wing the best and would recommend folks to check those out...they are the best value and are very nice.
My friends love this place, but I have to admit - it's fine but nothing special. Tips: remodeled rooms are excellent, and location close to McCarren makes it easy to get in and out.. . Downsides - that same location means that it's at the edge of the action on the Strip, so those that like to walk (a highly unrecommended idea on a 110 degree August day) should be prepared to walk for a while to find interesting things.. . About those remodeled rooms - the so-called "Grander" rooms have decent linens and nice bathrooms. Furniture is updated and tvs have multiple video hookups - you can hook up your own technology and watch movies on the TV. (Slow) internet is included in the resort fee, but cell phone reception was terrible for Sprint and AT&T - an annoyance when trying to coordinate people (and we know how tough it is to coordinate a group of people in Las Vegas anyway).  I did love the digital safe tucked into a drawer.  I felt like James Bond as I slipped my valuables next to the bed. More hotels should do this.. . The hotel is weird in that it has small vestiges of a movie theme - workers areas still say "cast members only," the pools have movie-related names and there are tv studio-related features, and little MGM lion heads are everywhere.  All in all, you might not even notice that this place even has a theme anymore - it's trying to be a little more reserved than the theme casinos but isn't as nice as the upscale ones.  Some decent (but not spectacular) restaurants and the in-house nightlife is only good enough for those too lazy to leave this hotel.. . The clear highlight? It has a pretty solid pool scene. There are at least 5 pools with different setups and moods - from family friendly to grownup and fun to quiet and laid back. I spend as much time here as possible.And lets not forget another highlight - Wet Republic, which I'll cover in another review.  Also, my friends who gamble seem to do well here (at least that explains why they keep coming back).. . So, what do I think of the MGM? It's just ok, but probably better than most hotels at this end of the Strip.  I would stay here again if I had a great deal. At regular rates, I'll go find something at the Signature (see that review too).
I stay here whenever I want something cheap and still want to stay on the strip but not in the middle of the craziness that comes with Vegas. My last stay was decent but nothing spectacular. I booked the Petite King, which is one of the newer rooms in the West Tower. It was just a room for me and my boyfriend so we didn't need anything big. . . After the crazy long drive to Vegas, we went to the concierge to get our room. The woman at the front desk was polite and drew out a map on how to get to our room even though I had mentioned I stayed there before. We finally managed to get on our way to our room with our luggage and got to the West Tower elevators. Our room was booked for the 14th floor, and after numerous frustrating attempts with our heavy carry on bags and ice chest to press "14" in various elevators, it just would not take us there. After asking someone for help, he explained that the 14th floor was under construction. Well thank you for mentioning that to us. He directed us to the staff elevator that we could use, but also conveniently forgetting to tell us to get off at the 12th floor and walk up the flight of stairs to the 14th floor. A construction worker directed us back to the elevator and told us to go back down. Um, okay. At this point, frustration levels between my boyfriend and I were so high that I was sure our entire weekend was ruined. . . After getting on and off so many different elevators, I cant even remember how we got  to our room. When we finally did, which took about 30 minutes, the front desk called and asked if we got to our room okay. Luckily my boyfriend took the phone because I was about to scream my head off. . . I think the worst part of it though was that the room doesn't really have a "bathroom". It's pretty much just sectioned off to the side when you first enter and the toilet and shower are behind separate glass doors, which is incredibly deceptive if you look at their website. So if you decide to come here on a romantic getaway with your honey and book their Petite King, you better be comfortable enough to hear each other do things on the toilet because it will echo loudly even though the TV volume is up high. Or secretly hope that your honey goes to sleep before you do so you can use the bathroom.
I stayed here for 2 nights in a PETITE KING room. The room was small.... the width was basically the size of the king bed plus a nightstand on each side. There was also NO mini-fridge... not sure if I've ever stayed at a hotel without a mini fridge. The room was also super dark at all times because there was basically no window (the window was like a port hole on a cruise) and the lighting was dark. . . Now for the rest of the hotel: the casino is moderate size, not too big; not many shops to walk around for, and not as many restaurant options as other hotels. What I was most upset about was that they TOOK AWAY THE LIONS. I always come see the lions when I visit Vegas and the only time I stay at the MGM, they're gone! (replaced it with The Rain Forest Cafe!) The location of the hotel is also at the farther end of the strip.. . My favorite thing about the MGM was the lazy river and the pool ($16 to rent a tube but $10 to buy)
I've stayed here for a week at a time twice and was content with my stay. We had VIP access while here and I would have to say, compared to the VIP treatment I've gotten at other hotels, this one is just mediocre. . . Our rooms were nice and had a good view, beds were very comfy and the service was great. I like the vibe at the MGM and theres a lot to do at the hotel. I would have to say the pool is my favorite thing at MGM. Although there were some questionable characters there, which should never be a suprise in Vegas, it was always an interesting and tan-tastic experience at the pool and along the lazy river! You definitely get what you paid for here plus a little more. I would go back.
August trip: Arrived here by taxi (cheaper than using a shuttle!) from the airport. The Bell-Man took our luggage so we did not need to wait in line for the luggage area. Check-in took about 30-45 minutes on a Sunday. We stayed in the newly renovated Grand Tower. Amenities included king bed, expensive mini fridge, awesome upgraded view for our anniversary. The spa was terrific except for the nude woman inside the women's hot tub. Germs - EW! Beware of the pool. I came back with an unwanted bacterial infection on my legs that took 4 weeks to clear up with antibiotics.
Modern & pretty decor. I like :). . I like our room. The bathroom was super clean & the bath stuff smelled sweet. The beds was really comfy with simple white sheets. Had a nice view of the strip. . . My two complaints:. . MLife, y'all suck for screwing up the reservation. When we specifically book for MGM, & y'all booked us to Luxor. Wasted like a hour of our time getting the stuff straighten out.. . People keep on stealing the "Do Not Disturb" sign from the room doors. Wtf??. . 3.5 stars.
Very nice hotel right on the strip.  We did not know that Justin Bieber was doing a concert the night we checked in - OH MY!  never have seen so many girls and children in a hotel - it was a mob.  This only affected our stay because to walk to dinner we were like fish going upstream against the mob of kids and parents.  It took us a long time to walk through the crowd to get to our restaurant.  The noise level in the casino and restaurant was high because of all the kids.  Other than that the room was great and the beds are very comfy.  Had a great view of the strip from our room.
A little too far south for my taste, but CraftSteak is here as well as the Lion's Share slot.. . I've never stayed here, here but the MGM has become a part of our trip because of the legendary Lion's Share slot machine. The rumor is that this is part of an old bank of progressive slots and the casino can't remove it until it pays out. The jackpot was up to $2M in Sept 2012. To find it, go to the high-limit slot area and ask the attendant there where it is (it moves around the floor). Also, CraftSteak is near the top of our Vegas steakhouses list.
Ok, we LOVE the pools here.  The lazy river, a blast.  And the casino (more later) is the best.. On this trip, we tried to check in a little early, they had a room but MGM wanted a $20 early check in fee.  What happened to the days when casinos WANTED the guests on property and gambling - so we took a drive down to South Point and gambled there.. The remodeled rooms are beautiful.  But MGM has reverted to the draconian 1980's mini-bar concept - hard to believe.  Thats just plain rude and offensive.  Please give us our little fridge back.  And our microwave.  . Of course I have to harp on the $25/day 'resort fee' - for what?  For stuff that should be free as part of the hotel - internet/aerobic room.. . So the three-star is for the price gouging and absence of inroom fridge/microwave/coffee maker, ridiculous resort fee, the attempt to charge extra for checking in early even though they had a room (I've NEVER had a problem with checking in a little early here).. . But I love this place otherwise.  (ya, betcha didnt see THAT coming).  And the employees are top notch.  Friendly, professional.  And the grand entrance is always inspiring, and I LOVE the Twitter Video wall and multiscreen videos.. . . CASINO rating.  5 star.. IMO, the best place for gamblers on the strip as far as balanced rules for real gamblers.. Plenty of 8/5 JOB video poker, which has settled into the standard, from the delightful but rarely found 9/6.  A little bit of the insidious 6/5 BJ has crept in here on some single deck games, lets hope it stays there or goes away.  Great rules otherwise, surrender on the 6-deck shoe games, and the usual DOA, DAS, dealer hits soft 17.  Table minimums are high, and on saturday night its $15 and up.. Craps is 3-4-5 odds, usually $10 minimum, but early morning weekday you'll find $5.. And if you're a roulette player, the high-end section has a rare, $25 single zero wheel with en prison, now THATs something to go play.
So my he-who-shall-remain nameless friend was in charge of the hotel reservations and thought he had secured them at the MGM...only he hadn't. For posterity's sake, his gaffe goes on the official ledger here. Luckily, there wasn't a major convention in town and the fine young lady at reception was nice enough to help us out and get us properly situated.. . The MGM looks a lot different since I'd been here last, and I still remember the now-defunct MGM Grand Adventures Theme Park that we hit up as kids. Rest in peace, yo.. . Bullets? Bullets.. . - The location at the south side of the strip makes it convenient for airport arrival/departure, but puts the MGM a 20-30 min walk to the central area.. - The casino floor is huge, and just walking from the lobby to the book is a hike. Dealers were nice, plenty of tables.. - The book is sizable but is placed in a narrow corridor making standing room or backseat viewing quite difficult to virtually impossible. Enclosed space also makes it smokier than other books.. - Close proximity to casual mall-style dining, as well as fine-dining, including the dual Robuchon restaurants. L'Atelier did not disappoint but that goes in another review.. - Saw both families and adults migrating to the pool areaand "lazy river." Didn't go, but it's supposed to be nice and has generally favorable reviews on Yelp.. - No trendy nightclub, but the terribly named Hakkasan is set to open in 2013.. - Overall service was solid to above-average with the exception of a curiously strange lost & found guy that was almost thoroughly unhelpful.. - Renovations look nice, no complaints about the room.. - Trying to throw in in-room movie charges was sneaky but doesn't fly with our Asian bookkeeping, son.. - $25 resort fee. Whatever. Hoped you liked that WatchESPN streaming.
The decor is nicely done but the rooms are fairly standard, as far as hotel rooms go. I only stayed here briefly, but I was placed in the most AWFUL room on the property. 4th floor, Room 132. Run if you are assigned here. It must have been above a boiler room and the view was of the loading dock. Therefore, there was loud noise 24 hours per day. I complained at checkout and they did nothing. The customer service overall was disappointing.. . The reason I'm giving the hotel 3 stars is for the pool. The lazy river is super fun, with a great mix of people hanging out and excellent music.
This place is okay. I wouldn't go out of my way to stay here, but if my reason for heading to Vegas is for a concert at the MGM then I will stay here again. Otherwise I would go somewhere else.. . I stayed here several years ago in their "West Wing" and came back a few weeks ago for the Madonna concert. I had gotten the Madonna tickets two days before the Sunday concert and managed to find a great deal on a room here for Saturday and Sunday night.. . Pros. Can be reasonable room rates. Rooms in the regular hotel (not West Wing) look very modern and are recently renovated . Once the cocktail waitresses know that you tip they are pretty good about coming around regularly. They are also very friendly.. Convenient if you are seeing a concert at the MGM - and I actually like the concert venue.. . Cons. Awful Check In - not one line, just a cluster-f*ck of people walking up to an agent with no since of order. Not great customer service - I called the concierge for help with a dinner recommendation and was on hold for 20 minutes before i finally hung up.. No robes. Restaurants are very hit and miss - see my other reviews. . I don't recommend staying in the West Wing unless you only plan on hanging out at the Sports Book. It is VERY far away from everything. When I stayed here a few years ago it looked really cool and modern until a fuse blew and I had to call 3 times to get it fixed. Finally they moved me to another room after promising me multiple times that someone was on their way to take care of it. The West Wing was just so far from everything that it takes forever to do anything. It is close to the Sports Book though so if that is all you want to do than maybe you would like it.. . Like I said, I may be back here, but not unless it is for a concert.
I'm not sure what to say about my MGM Grand experience. Is this my favorite hotel in Vegas? No way. It's better than the Hilton in terms of location and room quality, but way, way below Mandalay and Wynn. Of course, you'll never book a room at Mandalay or Wynn for less than $100/night (which is what we paid here at MGM) so I think for most people this is a moot point.. . PROS:. -Location: South side of strip with monorail in building. If you want to drive, the parking lot drops you off on Koval which runs parallel to the strip. . -Price: Cheap and great rooms for the price. . -Infused Water: Due to long check-ins, they set out infused water. Citrus and pineapple. Win. Sadly these pitchers disappeared after a couple days.. . CONS:. -Size: Easy to get lost and not too close to the strip, depending on where you're staying. . -Parking: Getting to our car took 15 minutes! . -Check-in line: long. Really long. Mind you, it was a holiday weekend. . . I'd say a comparable property is Planet Hollywood's towers - not the actual casino, but the tower behind it. Room quality was better at MGM, but PH has a better location and valet parking.
I stayed here as a solo traveler for business one night this past week.  This was the third trip to Vegas and second time on the strip, my first stay was at Circus Circus, which I considered decent (outstanding for the vacation price Southwest gave me) but this time I wanted to try something nicer.  Everything was very nice, I checked in around 7 pm so the line was short, very friendly staff and I'm including everyone that I dealt with not just the front desk employees.  For me, finding my room on the 9th floor of the West Wing was difficult and I'm not above using my map or asking for help.  I must have looked like I knew where I was going because four or five other people asked me for directions, so I would guess this isn't an uncommon complaint.  I really liked the fact that you could get to the gym easily, the elevator marked it on the 4th floor but I wasn't able to check it out due to forgetting my teeshirt and I didn't want to spend 30 bucks on a shirt at the gift shop just to sweat in it.  I tried out the buffet, always an awkward experience when eating alone but I couldn't decide on which restaurant in the hotel I wanted to eat at and I regretted the decision. The food was decent and at (what I assume is) the correct warm/cold temp, good price so I'm not complaining but last time I had lunch at the Luxor and I feel like it was much better food and selection.    My main complaint is the hotel fee of 24.95, I understand it's for internet and other services and that ALL the other hotels charge a price as well (this is the most expensive one so far) but then I feel that the internet service should be up to par.  In my room, I got two bars it was slow enough that I ended up just using my hotspot from my phone, that's right my 3G connection to my tablet was faster than the 24.95 I paid for, basically, internet at the hotel.  The next morning I figured I would just go to the Starbucks to use the WiFi there and yet again, no service.  This time I was able to pick up on another hotels connection and it was stronger than the hotel's that I was actually staying/sitting at. Problem, oh heck yes. . . Pros:. Clean hotel. Friendly staff. Easy check in. Won 40 bucks in penny slots (lost same 40 bucks at gift shop). On the Strip. By Monorail (I didn't use it though). Large food/activity selection. . Cons:. The creepy long mirrored hallways, really am I the only one creeped out by those?. horrid internet service. Hard to find anything at the hotel, I'm pretty sure I missed about 75% of the whole place.. . . . The main question, would I stay here again? Answer In the future yes, if the price was right I would, I don't have that many complaints about it but I am planning my next trip to Vegas and I am certainly finding a different hotel for this next stay.
3.5 STARS. . What makes MGM Grand so GRAND?!?!. Is it because the building and all it's splendor is emerald green?. Is it because the gold gigantic lion out front can be spotted a mile away?. Is it because there is some connection to the Wizard of Oz?. Is it because they hold boxing matches here? . Is it because they are the head company that pretty much owns a couple other casinos down the Las Vegas Strip?!. . I remember staying at the MGM when I was younger and had some fam bam trips to Vegas. The rooms were decent and filled with your typical amenities of a hotel room. I think the rooms are much better in quality compared to Luxor & Excalibur. When I stayed at the MGM, the Skylofts & The Signature (luxury boutique hotel rooms) were not built yet. But nonetheless, a decent stay at the regular rooms. . . RESTAURANTS. [SUPER SWANKY]. * Joel Robuchon (French - 3 Michelin Stars). * L' atelier de Joel Robuchon (4 Michelin Stars). * Tom Colicchio's craft steak (For all you carniwhores & Top Chef fans!)  . . [SWANKY]. * Diego Mexican Cuisine. * Emeril's New Orleans Fish House. * Fiamma Trattoria & Bar. * Nob Hill Tavern (Michael Mina). * Pearl (Chinese). * Sea Blue (Michael Mina; currently renovating and will open 2013). * Shibuya (Japanese). * Wolfgang Puck. * MGM Grand Buffet. * 'Wichcraft (Tom Colicchio's Sammie shop; not as swanky as the others). . PARTY ROCKERS & PRE-PARTY HOT SPOTS. * Hakkasan Nightclub(debut 2013). * Tabu Nightclub. * Wet Republic Ultra Pool. * Centrifuge (crafty cocktails). * Rouge Bar. * Zuri Bar. * West Wing Bar. . ENTERTAINMENT. * Brad Garrett's Comedy Club. * Hollywood Theater. * David Copperfield. * Ka Cirque Du Soleil. * Boxing matches at MGM Grand. * Concerts at MGM Grand Garden Arena. * Conference Center and Ballrooms (on the other side of the casino). . Given this laundry list of items, you can imagine how large this casino would be! It took me a good 30 minutes to get to the conference center as it is located on the opposite side of the casino! The food catered at the conference center was quite upscale and top notch! Consider it 100x better than what the Holiday Inn would serve you in a banquet! I wouldn't mind coming back to the MGM for a conference nor staying at the hotel. It's pretty decent if you're looking for something in the middle of the strip.
Grand, it is. Also overwhelming, but I don't think that superlative would sound as appealing in its name. . . The MGM Grand, is, according to the check-in-lady who assisted me, the "second largest hotel in the world." Not sure how true that is, but the place is incredibly ginormous. Like many hotels in Las Vegas, it is like a giant shopping mall with nice rooms for sleeping when you're all done spending all your moolah. . . In my 6 days in Sin City, I spent most of my time within the confines of this hotel - I was attending the annual NCTE conference which was held in conference area. I think I walked from my hotel room (in the Grand Tower, close to the entrance) to the conference wing 3 dozen or so times in those 6 days.....and those are LONG walks. . . The conference rooms are nice - good range of small and intimate to huge huge huge (actually, the biggest conferences were held in the ballrooms). An outside promenade led to the vendor/convention area. I thought the set up was quite well done, and generally things were easy to find. . . My hotel room was really nice. I loved the blackout curtain option. Bed was super comfortable and I loved the bathroom. Internet was spotty at times but overall fine coverage. One thing you have to know - don't expect a mini-fridge (I did, and got quite a surprise!). The fridge in the room has a sign on the bottles that is hard to miss - basically, if you move anything around to store your own stuff, an electronic sensor automatically charges you a $50 re-stocking fee. FIFTY DOLLARS. And if you want your OWN fridge, you can request one - for a mere $35. Good grief. Needless to say, there was no complimentary coffee or tea maker in the room either. My hallway was completely full of guests, yet I never heard noise from other rooms, so kudos on the soundproof-ness. But man, I was the second to last room in my hallway and it was suuuuch a long walk to the elevator, and then of course to the conference area.. . Like others have noted, there are just endless options for eating here. From the super cheap (McDonalds) to the lunch and snack crowd (Project Pi, Blizz) to the nice dinner (Craftsteak, Pearl) to the ridiculous dinner (Joel Robuchon), there is something for every palate and budget. Tip: the Starbucks in the food court always has a long line - there is another one by one of the theatres - it usually doesn't have nearly as long of a line. . . MGM Grand is a nice hotel, and while it didn't knock my socks off, I was glad to be able to experience this town for the first time from this hub.
Let me state up front....we did not stay here....only visited and watched on Cirque performance so this is a very basic review.  MGM houses the Cirque show known as KA, which is the primary reason we were there.  . . And off we go.....first of all - there was immense construction going on, which made the whole finding the damn entrance or one that was open a challenge.  Upon strolling in and glancing around - I could see why remodeling seemed like a grand idea.  The place was looking a bit worn to say the least but then again perhaps I was spoiled from being a temporary resident of the Mirage.  . . Inside - looked like the typical casino resort.  Spread out in ten different ways with different clubs, restaurants and shops in various corners and so forth.  We actually found a great sushi place inside where we decided to dine - see other review for that one.  The main area seemed much more inviting than the weird entrance we came through.  Didn't win a damn thing, but that seemed to be the gambling trend of the week.. . The theater area for KA was fine, but the theater itself was absolutely stunning - see my KA review for more on that.  Once the show was done and more money slipped into those evil machines - we were off to stroll back up the Strip.  . . When it came down to choosing which hotel to stay out - it was between the Mirage and MGM.  Would be curious to see what the rooms and so forth are like at this resort for future reference.  Based on some the reviews....I'm relatively happy that I went with the Mirage.
Overall, the it wasn't a bad stay.  The redesigned rooms are modern and clean.  Wifi connection was a bit sketchy from where we were staying.  I would have given this place 4 stars.  Except that on check out, they got the billing wrong.  I cannot stand hotels that get the billing wrong.  They charged for 2 nights when the hotel was already prepaid.
I watched the show Under Cover Boss, and the CEO of MGM Grand was on it. When we planned our trip to Vegas, i was delighted to find out that my mom had booked a couple rooms at MGM Grand, the delight was not for long. So, we get to the Hotel, and the bell boy/girl, came to pick up our luggage, as soon as he put our luggage on the cart he ASKED for a tip?!?! He said he DOESN'T share it with the people that accompany him. So, we gave him his tip and went to the front desk. We had requested EARLY check in, and were disappointed with the fact that our rooms WERE NOT ready, so we had to go somewhere else to kill time, until regular check in time. There goes the extra money they could have made. They said they would call us back if our rooms were ready by 1:00pm. There was no call so we went back to the hotel at 2:00pm, and were informed that the rooms were STILL NOT ready, and DOWNGRADED us, rather upgrading for the inconvenience. So we agreed to it and got our rooms. Another bell boy came to drop off our stuff to the room and AGAIN asked for a tip. We handed him 3$ but he refused saying, "the bell desk, does not take any tip under 5$". Well too bad for him, we decided not to tip him. We then got a call from the hotel half hour later, and we were informed that our rooms were ready. They didn't even know we had already checked in. WHAT GREAT MANAGEMENT! Still, no apologies. The rooms on the other hand were really nice, which the reason for me giving 3 stars. We had a great time in Vegas, the valet services were great, they did NOT ask for tips. The day we checked out, we called for the bell desk once again and a lady came to pick up our belongings, and AGAIN, we were asked for a tip, and that she wouldn't share it with the people that deliver it to our car. We told her we wouldn't tip her until she took our stuff downstairs, and she complied. She brought our stuff downstairs, and we tipped her and the valet, and left Vegas. Next time you go to MGM Grand. Make sure you bring tip money because the Hotel doesn't seem to paying their employees enough due to them consistently asking for tips.
This was a great place, however i was billed extra nights i didn't stay and its taken 3 days of on the phone talking to customer service and the bank just to resolve a problem that should have never occurred. . . I think i'll stay somewhere else next time, plus i won't have to wait one hour to check in and out.
I did not stay at the MGM but was here to see KA, eat at Joel Robuchon and some gambling. I feel like MGM is a bit too south on the strip and the front entrance is off to the side. Air circulation is OK but definitely not great. I liked that they had starbucks inside because beings a seattlite, I was having cravings after a few days!. . KA was easy to find and the staff here were generally courteous, so the one time I asked for orange juice, I was given basically all ice in a little skinny glass. . . Won't be going out of my way to come play here, and KA wasn't that impressive. Robuchon also drive you to and from the property through the Mansion. Therefore I doubt I would be coming back to the MGM anytime soon.
Used to be the father of all the Las Vegas hotels.  Not anymore, but still acts like it.  Rooms are expensive for what they are,  the casino limits are too high.  Never got lucky in here, didn't even enjoy playing.
Stupidness #1 Tax inside of a tax within a tax. (it's like the nemesis of Inception man!). . Exibit A: Taken from a portion of my bill from  my last stay there Jan 10 2013. . MGM Room 157.25. 2013-01-10 MGM Room Tax - 12% 18.87. 2013-01-10 MGM Resort Fee 25.00. 2013-01-10 MGM Resort Fee Tax - 12% 3.00. . The room is taxed and the resort fee is taxed separately!  WTHM. . When your online gitty about booking your vegas getaway, and your on mgm.com booking the room they only tell you about the room rate. Then when you check out and are ready to put down the deposit, they add at the bottom. reservation subject to a daily resort fee which will be added. ok fine. . . Then when you get your confirmation, mine was for 3 nights, they kindly add the $75 ($25 per day resort fee). ok fine.. . Then when you get your bill at check out, %12-a-geddon breaks out on your bill. as you see above. For a 3 night stay I paid $147 in fees and taxes.  That's bullshit. . . Stupidness #2 The Petite King Room. . . When they say Petite, they mean PETITE!. This room is meant for one person and one person only. Please do not share this room because there is no separation from the bathroom and the room, and ladies, absolutely NO counter space (eeeek!).  You walk in the door and your in the bathroom with tempered glass separating you from the toilet and the shower. If you get a bad reaction from the buffet, just plan on your roommate getting to know whats inside of you, if you know whadda mean. . . Please when reserving review the room outlay plans on the hotel tab. Something I wish I would have done before booking the Petite King room. . . The Good. . With taxes and fees included,  my 3 day stay was $166.67 per day.  For its location on the strip and tram access to other hotels ($12 for 24hr pass)  It hits on average for a non peak season stay. I just wished they'd been more up front about the taxes and fees.. . Convenient Location. . Smooth Check In. . Good Casual and Formal dining spots (I recommend Fiamma, great italian food :). . Friendly Staff. . KA, the best show in Vegas. . Great booking incentives (I got tickets to Chris Angel Believe with my booking). . At the end of the day, yeah, I was alright, but I will be checking out some other places before, or if I return to the MGM.
Let me preface this review by saying that, if there was a choice between getting a root canal and coming to Vegas, I'd seriously have to stop and think about it.  If you're a tourist, you'll find that Vegas is like China.  Both try to suck money from you at every turn, except Vegas tries to be more *civilized* by masking the sucking in the form of resort fees, taxes, tips, high-priced drink and food.  Add to this the fact that I have as much interest in gambling as have in a threesome with one male orangutang and a pink bowling ball and you'll understand my frame of mind when I'm in Vegas.  Unfortunately, despite my feelings about this place, I've had to visit Vegas every year in January for business for the last 8 years.  . . The MGM Grand Hotel is a monstrosity of shiny green glass on the North end of the Vegas Strip.  It's shaped like a pile of staggered Lego bricks, and when you're inside the hotel, you'll sometimes wish the bricks will just cave the hell in on you.. . Like all hotels on the Strip, you're allowed to smoke in almost all public areas, so the ventilation system blows in this fake bathroom/car scent smell which pervades the entire hotel.  We'd booked rooms directly with the hotel, believing that we'd get better rooms, but when we arrived at 7pm, we had to wait 10 minutes while our clerk checked with the Manager about getting our Premium King View Room.  The room does have a magnificent view, but at a cost - our heater was completely broken...meaning that, while Vegas was experiencing its worst freeze outside (about 27 overnight), we were experiencing what it was like to be in the Saharan desert in August.  Our thermostat was broken and temps reached the 80s overnight.  . . Our lovely Samsung TV, which my boyfriend dared venture to watch one night for a few hours, suddenly shorted out in the middle of a program, then just as suddenly came blasting on a few hours later at about 1am.. . Next, the mini fridge was packed with stuff (you had to pay through the nose for), and there was even a sign which stated that you couldn't put your own crap inside and take theirs out, or else there'd be a $50 re-stocking fee.  If that wasn't bad enough, none of our shampoos or lotions were refilled or replaced after they were used.  All this makes me feel that the MGM would try to charge us for the air we breathe, if they could.. . The hotel does have some good.  The room we got is spacious and quiet, the bed comfortable.  There are a few pretty decent restaurants, such as Nobhill, Wolfgang Puck Express, and one of the Cirques is playing here.  Was impressed by the check in counters available for select airlines, as well as the kiosks where you can print out your boarding passes.  (You can check your luggage via the hotel for $10/bag fee.)  Upon check out, we were comped about $28.00 for the ghost in the TV.  (This was after my boyfriend tried to get a comp over the phone but couldn't get one.  And, when he gave up all hope of getting a comp, the check out clerk gave him one.)  . . If you come to Vegas wanting to come to Vegas, then the MGM Grand will do you just fine.
The staff was very nice and friendly.  We stayed in a Grand King and my parents were in the One Bedroom Suite.  Very nice and comfortable renovated rooms and the staff was very nice.  I just don't like having to pay, in addition to the room rate, a $25 per day Resort Fee.  I was told the Resort Fee is mandatory and it covers the use of the business center, ability to print boarding passes, the cardio room, pool, and the USA Today newspaper delivered to your room every day.  I was also shocked to learn the rooms, including the Suites, do not include a coffee maker.  I was told by Concierge that I can order a pot of coffee every morning for $23.  I opted to just purchase a $15 coffee maker from the local Target.  I also didn't appreciate not getting complete information from the front desk at check-in.  It wasn't until the day before checking-out, I was informed by someone at Valet, that as a guest, I can call from my room and request to have my car brought out in order to reduce the average 30 minute wait time.
Beware the honor bar SCAM!!!  As previous post says beware getting the money sucked out of you because you might not even notice. The resort is very nice which masks what they have in store for you at check-out. Did you know if you move something to the side in the honor bar to maybe fit in a melted chocolate bar you will be charged for every item moved?  We pleaded with the manager to waive the charges since we hadn't consumed anything in the bar. Can you believe they outright refused?  That candy bar cost us $45!
I stayed here during CES last week and for a couple days after.  The hotel rooms are nicely decorated, they are the same size and have the same amenities as any other standard hotel room.  Overall I liked staying there - the taxi line didn't take too long, the check in people were nice, the walk from the front of the hotel to my room didn't make me walk through the entire casino, there was a place you could get little extras if you needed them, good restaurants, etc.. . This probably would have been a 4 or 5 star review until I went to check out.  I discovered that they charged me $40 a day for something called a "tech kit".  Apparently the completely unmarked unremarkable plugs that were under the TV were special plugs that you get charged $40 a day to use.  I had no idea - these plugs were out just like every other plug, they had no special features that I could see, there was no warning that said use these and get charged $40 a day.. . Anyways - I had to fight with the lady to get her to remove the charges because it was ridiculous.  It was a really sour ending to a good stay, and unfortunately I can't get that bad experience out of my head.  Hopefully they stop trying to scam people soon.
I was not really impressed... Rooms were ok but a bit dusty next to the window... At the reception desk they told us that they had no king room ready at that time so we took a double queen... When we got there it was not ready either... . The casino is ok but they put this terrible perfume everywhere which is too strong and very annoying.... I think the price/quality is better at treasure island.
Pros: Remodeled rooms in the west wing so the decor was modern and clean looking; free wifi on the casino floor.. . Cons: Stain on the bed covers. Ew.
I checked in on Tuesday and it wasn't too busy-- we were able to check in without waiting in line for more than a few minutes.. . I stayed in a single room and it was pretty nice.  MGM has definitely upgraded since I stayed here a few years ago.  I remember that the blinds and curtains had to be opened/closed manually so I was happy to see this change.  . . I was happy with everything about the room except for two things:. . 1.  It took me a while to find the light switch.  There is a switch for the small hallway when you enter, and then you have to turn on each of the 3 lamps around the room.  I wish there was just one switch on the wall to turn on/off the lights.  . . 2.  The cable connection kept getting disconnected!!  I stayed up until about 4am watching tv and the cable turned off at least 4 times!  The cable was off for just a couple of minutes but it was pretty annoying.  I usually don't watch tv while I'm in Vegas, but the one time I do it sucked, haha. . . Despite these 2 things, I did like that MGM had a casino downstairs with tables starting at $15 for blackjack.. although I did not do well this trip, haha.
I really have no problems with MGM except that it is SO expansive.  I totally get the Vegas thing and how each hotel/casino is supposed to be its own city, but MGM may as well have its own zip code.  It is so far away from the rest of the strip and even more so depending on where you are staying in the hotel.  I have stayed in the towers and the hotel part, both times sharing a room with my friends.  The rooms are nice and spacious and the beds are comfortable.  It's really just the location that gets me every time we stay there. Mostly because we never end up going out at the MGM clubs which makes a whole other to do.  Their beach club pool party looked pretty fun though! Thank goodness for the cabs, right?
The MGM Grand was the site of one of the worst hotel fires in US history. Early in the morning of November 21, 1980, a fire started in the wall of one of the restaurants. It burned for hours without anyone knowing, which is basically what happened in The Towering Inferno. By the time it was noticed it was out of control, and 85 people were killed. The building was repaired and sold (it's now Ballys) and MGM built a new 5,000-room hotel on the next block south, which remains the largest hotel in the United States to this day.. . I kind of like the MGM Grand, partly because of this crazy history, and partly because it's such a weird, humungous, strangely colored green monstrosity. It's not really themed (the one that burned down had a seriously in-your-face Wizard of Oz thing happening) but it still has touches that reference its old Hollywood Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer roots. My nana worked for Metro-Goldwyn in the '30s and was David O'Selznick's secretary when he made Gone With the Wind; one day she took Vivien Leigh shopping in Manhattan and Ms. Leigh bought her a cocktail glass with a seagull on it. . . But it's not a perfect hotel. The rooms are very comfortable, but when we upgraded to a strip view  for sixty bucks I was disappointed to find that the windows had a dark screen built into them which takes away from the vista. . . The casino smells like a cougar's perfume. It's also a very long walk to get anywhere -- God forbid you get to the pool and forget your copy of Bonfire of the Vanities. It's also the only Vegas pool I've ever been to where you don't have to fight to the death for a lounge chair. The sound system is very high quality, which is one of those things you don't think is a big deal until you get stuck with one that isn't.. . A spin down the lazy river is like floating through It's a Small World After All except it's 11 a.m., everyone's hammered and the dolls all wax their chests.. . If ever there was a three-star hotel, this is it. It is absolutely a step above Luxor, Excalibur, and Monte Carlo -- and an unmistakable step down from Caesar's, Mandalay Bay and the Venetian. The MGM Grand is the hotel version of your middle-aged, middle-class brother-in-law who works as a regional manager for a decent-sized company and earns a high-five-figure salary. Which is to say, he's doing just fine, he's comfortable, he drives a car with a sunroof and his wife is a solid six. But at the end of the day, would you really want to be him?
This place is getting a little outdated, but they do have construction going on. The casino is dark and stuffy, but the rooms were very nice. I was in the West tower, where the rooms are smaller but I had quick access to the West Bar and the exit out the west side for quick escapes from that smoky recirculated air.. . If I went again in the near future I'd definitely look at the Tropicana - they're remodel is great - bright, fresh, and clean.
Stayed in a Queen Exec suite and enjoyed my time there but had booking problems, poor room service, and waited in long check-in lines. . . Positive:. The stay was very nice with no noise complaints despite our often group rendezvous being our room before going out.. Plenty of space with a fold out sofa.  . Friendly service when we received it.. Excellent deal on the suite via email from MGM.. . Negatives:. Booking was a hassle as I had to spend an hour+ correcting an error in the system that tried to put me in a standard room instead of the suite I booked.. Check in line was at least 45 minutes long.. We did not receive any towels although we asked for them several times.  We had to find a cart in the hall and swipe towels.. Terrible room service (breakfast) that cost $45+ and barely fed two. . . Overall, I would stay here again now that I know how to stay here and what to avoid (room-service of any kind) if the deal was impressive enough but would prefer trying another hotel.
What the hell happened in 2 years? I always said a good way to judge the casino you are in is by how hot the cocktail waitresses are. Cosmopolitan and Aria probably have the hottest ones in Vegas right now.........MGM ...ughhh.....not so much.. . I swear 2 years ago MGM was my favorite spot. I would come in here for hours just hanging around. Loved the hotel rooms. The reason I come here still is that I just feel like I win more money in MGM than anywhere else. . . To be fair I do see that MGM is doing a lot of construction. They were doing it on my October 2012 trip and still were on my december 2012 trip. I go back march 6, 2013 so I will see if they are done by then. . . MGM is just run of the mill right now. Lame clubs and bars. Pretty basic casino. Took out the lions cage. MGM has been the biggest disappointment lately. A couple of years ago this place used to be packed every night. Now it only gets packed if there is a UFC or boxing match going on. I really think that Cosmopolitan just stole all of MGM's shine. . . MGM has gone from the top to the bottom like Todd Bridges. . Kinda sad actually. Still say you can come and gamble here....just not a place you really wanna hang out in anymore.
I stayed at the MGM Grand and utilized the conference center for a week-long business conference.   Overall, it was nice, but I'm not real enchanted by what I saw of Vegas (which was limited).  Seemed like the Wisconsin Dells on steroids to me, with none of the quirkiness that I love.  But what do I know?  I go to McDonald's too much.. . Hotel: . - Check-in was a long line, but they moved quickly.  Maybe we waited around 15 minutes?  It wasn't bad. Despite our early arrival, they had our rooms ready and were doing their best to turn over those that weren't ASAP.  They will give you your key and call you when your room IS ready if it's not at check-in.  Nice touch.. - HOLY HUGE, BATMAN.  The elevators are nice and quick, but I had to walk about 5 miles to get to my room in the west tower, 8th floor.  Room 446, in fact.  Soooo far away.  At the end of a long day, that was a killer.. -  The room itself was clean and nicely appointed, though beware the minibar (if you so much as move the items they assume you've "bought" them, though they were nice enough to warn me of this upon check-in).  I like the design they have going, but I've seen similar before at Westins and it wasn't earth-shattering.  It's what I'd expect, though, which is good.  I had everything I needed/wanted (except tasty drinking water).. - Bathroom was "eh" but clean and well-stocked with towels etc.  The shower was most disappointing, but that could be my fault for not figuring out how to adjust the flow.  Had to wait a long time for hot water one out of two times I showered.. - Staff was always friendly, helpful, and prompt.  No problems there. . . Conference Center:. - Wow, what a walk.  From the hotel room elevators to the conference center is a good 15 minute walk if you're being casual, or a 7 minute sprint if you're running late. You have to get through the restaurants/shops then past the spa and pool area before you get there.  You better not forget anything in your room that you need for the day.  I recommend a moving walkway, MGM.. - Well-cared-for facilities.  Sometimes conference centers/ballrooms can get worn down-looking from heavy use.  Everything here looked crisp and new.  The chairs were beautiful and relatively comfortable for conference center chairs (they rock back a little!).  . - Easily configurable and flexible, MASSIVE space.  Able to handle multiple groups of several hundred people without bumping into each other.  Primo.. . Catering:. - What the heck?  No bottled water in the catering service?  Just juice and soda, coffee, tea.  This is a desert, people.  They had little water coolers around here and there, but that was "tap" water which is normally fine with me, but Vegas tap water tastes like sulfer (I'm a spoiled Lake Michigan resident).  Bleh.  Shelled out the $3 for a Dasani from a vending machine at one point because I was SO thirsty.. - All the food was tasty and well-presented.  Not sure if this was the catering group's fault or my company event planner's fault, but there weren't a lot of health/weight-conscious options (like no bottled water and serving only candy bars with a tiny basket of apples for a mid-day snack break).  Would love to have seen a few more healthy options, but I also have no willpower against carbs.  . - I did not get sick from eating "conference food" this time, which was a triumph.  Well done, MGM.  . . WiFi: It is "free" for hotel guests (in your room) and in the conference center, although I had trouble getting it to work in the conference center on my iPod Touch (no smartphone for me).  It is a limited connection, however - only 2 hours per email address/IP address per login session I believe.  It was sufficient though.  Fast enough and all that jazz.
My wife and I have stayed at the mgm 3 times now and i don't think we'll be going back for a 4th.  . . The first time we went was for our honeymoon and everything went great, the room in the honeymoon suite was huge, the bathroom had a hot tub in it and even though everything was kinda dated it was still very nice. Overall we had a great time.. . The second time we went with family and made reservations well in advance specifically requesting non-smoking adjoining rooms, however when we got there they informed us that a) they didn't have any adjoining rooms available and b) they only had smoking rooms available and the only way we could get either option was if we paid extra to upgrade to a bigger room.  We decided to just keep the rooms we had, but when we got to our rooms our keycards didn't work so we had to go downstairs to have them reset, however they still didn't work when we tried them.  I don't remember exactly how many times we had to go up and down to get the the keycards reset but i do remember that it took about 2 hours and that they wouldn't give us a new room, instead they offered to let us check out 2 hours later than normal, which didn't really matter to us.. . The most recent time we went we got the petite king room.  The room was pretty tiny, but it didn't really matter too much because it was just the 2 of us and we just stayed one night.  The layout was a bit weird because the door leads into the bathroom, with the toilet being the closest thing to the front door.  Theres no bathtub, but the shower is pretty large which is nice. One big complaint is that the soundproofing is terrible and you can hear everything going on in the hallways and in the rooms next to you.  During our trip we went to the casinos in the Aria, the Bellagio, and the MGM and personally I thought the MGM's wasn't as nice as the other two.  The cocktail waitresses were terrible, in the 5 hours I was in the casino they only brought me 4 drinks and even though I tipped every single time only one waitress came back to see if I wanted a second drink.  Lastly, when we ate at the buffet, nobody came to get our drink order until twenty minutes after we arrived and then they never came back to get us refills.. . Honestly, if we didn't have such fond memories from our honeymoon trip I would probably just give them 1 or 2 stars.
Do you like urine and facial hair scattered around your bathroom? .................... Neither do I. That my friends, is the difference between a 4 star and a 3 star review.. . I booked a "New Grand King" room through Hotels.com. The room at first glance was beautiful. It was a recently re-modeled room, complete with a bright (and huge) vanity-style bathroom mirror (any gal's dream), a huge bed, and a big window with a city view. I loved it.... until of course I noticed (what I assumed was) urine stains all over the toilet, and (what I'm sure was) facial hair sprinkled all over the sink. Yay. If that's not sure to turn a smile into a frown then I don't know what is.. . Other than that, we enjoyed our stay. I wasn't particulary fond of the bed pillows, but my boyfriend thought our bed was very comfortable. We didn't have any other problems with the room, and the service at the MGM Grand was excellent.. . A word of advice: don't go to the MGM Grand buffet unless you like being disappointed. It was terrible. On the bright side, there is a small fourt court inside the Casino (with a 24 hr Mcdonald's for all of you late-night drunkies), in addition to Starbucks and a few other cafes and restaurants.. . **WHEN CHECKING OUT: Don't wait in the insanely long line in the lobby. Use your room phone to call Guest Services and check-out that way (that's what we did, and it was a breeze). You can also check-out using your television.**. . Overall, I'm not sure if I would stay here again.
Decent on-strip hotel.. . . The rooms and beds are comfortable. They have done some renovated but this hotel in general maintains the dated feel. . . It's far enough away from the majority of clubs and attractions that I would caution staying here during the summer if you are planning on walking at all. In case you didn't know, Vegas is in the middle of the desert and gets HOT. . . The one thing MGM has going for them as relief for the summer heat is Wet Republic, their pool/daytime club. I think the drinks and admission during peak season is probably absurd for me. Bummer. Reasonably cute ladies tend to get drinks and extra perks here for free.. . Vegas at night in the winter ladies, I wouldn't want to be expected to walk from here in a mini-dress and heels. "Brr.. Ouch... Brrr.. Ouch"  Doesn't sound like a fun plan to me.
I have stayed in MGM twice now and it is a middling experience. The rooms are comfy, a good size, and clean enough. The amenities are also good enough, but the bathroom is where the magic happens--with its crazy mirror, silly! Most recently I stated here for the Lady Gaga concert and it was just about the perfect place for our Supermodel Documentary Hour before the show. . . The next morning we ran into a bit of a hiccup when the housekeeping barged in at 9am with no real wait after knocking. At $200/night with a discount, needless to say I was pissed. I called down to the front desk, where they took off the resort fee. $25 back in my pocket...thanks MGM! . . Another complaint is the fact that for seven full days after the stay, a $128 pending charge was on my credit card. I had paid in advance and the waived resort fee was only supposed to be $25, so $128 was not looking pretty every time I logged in. Eventually it was dropped, but why hold so much money for so long? I called to ask but didn't get a real answer, so no harm, no foul. . . I probably wouldn't choose to stay here again since the action is further down the Strip but it all worked out in the end.
Casino Review Only:. . MGM has a perfectly fine casino - nothing special, but all of the bells and whistles. I have not played any table games here, but my friends played poker and said the dealers were good and knew what they were doing (which wasn't always the case at other places, like Excalibur). . . The sports book here is mediocre. People talk it up, but I wasn't a big fan. It's only a few rows deep and very wide, which isn't so much the issue. Rather, the people here are probably the worst I have come across in Vegas. Not to say they're rude...but they're not friendly. Other places have terrific Sports Book employees (Paris is the best in my mind), but MGM's are not too great. . . Bathrooms are relatively common and clean enough. They have a 24 hour Starbucks location which is nice. Could use a couple more (and better) places to grab a quick bite.
My husband and I stayed here for two nights for our 15th anniversary.  It was ok.. . First things first. YOU WILL PAY 25 A NIGHT FOR A RESORT FEE FOR EVERY SINGLE ROOM AND EVERY NIGHT YOU STAY.  ALSO - THERE IS TAX ON THAT FEE.. . Check in at the airport was easy.  We took advantage of paying 20 for an early check in  - even though it pisses me off that they wont just let you have the room if it is clean and available anyway.  We were told we had a strip view.  When we finally made it to our room we had a view of the airport. Really? That is the strip? Yeah, I guess so, the landing strip. Whatever.  We dont spend a lot of time in the room anyway so we didnt bitch but come on it was our 15th anniversary - no upgrade or strip view?. . The water tastes nasty so we bought some bottled water but couldnt even use the fridge because it was full of their ridiculously expensive crap that they wanted you to buy. 8.50 for some mini snickers? Seriously? 8 for a bottle of water? come on.. . The casino is nice.  It is clean. I could never get on a 10 blackjack table cuz they were so crowded and there are NO 5 tables here.  We played slots and didnt win a thing- go figure.. . Didnt see a lot of servers bringing drinks around so we walked over to Hooters and had better luck with everything.. . Great choices for eating - try project pie downstairs - best pizza ever!. . Love that we could hop the monorail so easily from mgm. we used it several times.. . Would we come back? maybe? meh.
I haven't stayed at MGM Grand for at least 15 years.  So I was glad to see that the old Wizard of Oz decor that they use to have was done away with, as the look of the hotel was much better.  . . Upon entering, there is a fragrance that is throughout the lobby ... couldn't quite place it, but pleasant nonetheless.  They also have videos behind the check in desk, I imagine in an effort to keep you occupied since the process of checking in takes an act of congress at any hotel in Vegas.. . Contrary to what my associates said when they checked in, my little check in lady was very pleasant.  Perhaps she had just started her shift and hadn't had time to be beat down by people.  LOL.. . I think my one complaint about this place was that I stayed in the main hotel and there was no coffee pot, yet the Signature has coffee pots in the rooms.  I get it, you want me to pay for coffee, like everything else, but can't a gal have one cup after rolling out of bed?!. . As with all Vegas hotels, they pump oxygen into them which by Day #2, has completely made my nasal passages raw.  MGM was nowhere near as bad as over at Mandalay Bay, about doing this, but still enough to be annoying each morning.  . . Lots of decent restaurants and bars.  I did not go to Tabu because I had read the reviews and opted not to waste my time.. . All in all, it was a decent stay ... but had I had a coffee pot in my room, they might have earned an extra star!!
Stayed her back in the middle of December in 2012. Got a really good rate and stayed a few nights. It was my first time to Vegas and this hotel was okay. It being a larger scale hotel, you feel a bit overlooked at both check-in and check-out and not to valued. We did have a nice room on a top floor with a great view of the strip. One night i asked for turn down service, and that never came. One day we asked for our room to be cleaned around 12pm, and it was cleaned at 6pm. When i called to ask to be upgraded to a suite, i was told it was not available (however the suite was viewable on there website). I paid for a resort fee, but was not able to utilize any of the perks of that because the pool/gym were closed, no newspaper was delivered, and horrible WiFi. We self parked as well. Wasn't a horrible stay, but won't return.
I have stayed at a number of the hotels in Vegas over the years. The MGM's rooms are really nice, the beds are great, clean. The Staff is wonderful from the front desk, to the dealers to people at the McDonalds in the food court. I have seen some really great concerts at the Garden Arena, wonderful venue to see a show. The comedy club downstairs was nice too, great comics & good drinks, service was a little slow in the club.
The hotel is Wonderful but when I went to their mc Donalds in the food court the managers were very rude, some of the employees were nice, food was ok, no $1 drinks though and only 1 refill
Not a satisfied customer of the MGM Grand Hotel.  MGM Grand is very large which makes it difficult to get anywhere you are trying to go without having to walk all over the place.  My brother and I asked for a smoking room which they told us they did not have available, and had to accept what was given.  The inside of the room was nice and clean, however the view out of our window was horrible.  The window was so filthy it was almost impossible to see through it at night, and when we did wake up the next morning, we had a view of the roof from the building below.  I believe the only view we had was the McDonald's arches from the street acrosw the way.  The spotlights located on top of the roof were facing towards our window which resulted in us being blinded all night unless we put the shade down.  Every seven or eight minutes, the TV satellite would lose connection and it would take about 15 seconds to recover which meant we missed certain parts of our show or movie.  It wasn't a big deal because we spent most of our time outside of our room, but was completely unnecessary and should have been corrected.  After staying for two nights, and receiving my bill, I was charged hotel fees for both nights that we stayed, which totaled up to around $85.  . . I would not recommend this hotel to any of my friends and family, especially for the price that we paid.
Compared to a lot of the Vegas hotels, I think MGM stands right at the midpoint--not terribly bad, but not memorable either.  I actually just came back this past weekend and I didn't realize it was also spring break for a lot of college kids so that could have made a big difference.  What was absolutely excruciating was the check in/check out line.  I would have to say that was the worst part of Vegas I've experienced all weekend long.. . I do have one advice as far as checking in/checking out.  You can somewhat skip the checkin/checkout line by standing in the "Invited Guests" line.  That's what my boyfriend ended up doing while I stood in the other line in case if they rejected him, but they didn't.  Makes sense since the hotel doesn't want to rub off the wrong way to a hotel guest.  . . Also, beware--their checkout system via T.V. didn't work either so when you do check out, try and look for the ladies who are carrying the little pads, they are able to check you out if you don't want to stand in that 20-30 minute line...  Checking out via those individuals with the pads is that you can't see the charges that have been charged to your room but if you didn't mess with the censored goodies or charged a restaurant bill to your room, you should be good to go.. . Hope that helps and have a great time in Vegas if you stay at the MGM!!!. . Lina Chen
Stayed here while attending the ACM's. Overall it's a nice hotel ,it's on the more southern end of the Las Vegas strip sitting across from New York New York. The one thing I do not like is how the overall hotel is laid out concerning the casino floor and generally finding your way around. Now, I realize they do this on purpose but yet this hotel seems more confusing than most in its general layout. All of the rooms were fairly up-to-date and no major issues did order room service they quoted an hour in delivered within that hour. The pool looked like the place to be although from your room it's a hike. To give you asense of how big the property is, I believe I counted four Starbucks within the property itself. They were having quite a bit of construction and some of the restaurants that you would normally eat at were closed. We did eat in a couple their specialty restaurants and those will be covered in a separate Yelp. Overall would I stay here again? If it's up to me and I'm booking the room, the answer would be no. I much prefer Caesar's Palace or Mandalay Bay.
If you're looking for fabulous, go elsewhere. I've stayed a lot of places in Vegas and the MGM was rather disappointing. When I checked in, they had overbooked the large suite that I booked online, and offered to DOWNGRADE me to a room half the size. Are you kidding me?. . Everything from the rooms, to the casino, to the pool, to the service, is extremely mediocre and unmemorable. If you're spending the money to have a nice vacation I'd say take your business elsewhere.
This review is for the casino and pool only. The casino is huge. If you're looking for a particular slot or game, it's here. Bring comfortable walking shoes. Prepare for a journey if you are headed to the Wet Republic pool. It's a hike and is all the way in the back of the property. The Wet Republic pool party is okay. Be sure to log on to the MGM Grand website to put you and your friends on the guest list for free/discounted cover. Drinks are way overpriced, but hey - it's Vegas. Don't try to BYOB as security is very strict. They search you and all your belongings before entering. Even your wallet!
Stayed in some recently renovated rooms in the grand tower. The room itself was spacious and looked clean and modern. Loved the control panel for the blinds too (cool little touch).. . So why the 3 stars? the walls were sooooooooooooooooooo thin... Maybe our neighbor just had that special voice that is just the right pitch to clearly carry through any door/wall, but I have NEVER had such a hard time sleeping. I heard conversations fairly clearly, mostly emanating from that shared door between rooms. Seriously, can't they just stop making rooms with that shared door.
This is probably a 3.5 star review, but I can't go up to 4.  We stayed at MGM during the first weekend of the NCAA tournament, so it was way crowded.  This is to be expected.  However, what was not expected was MGM doing work on the 24 hour coffee shop, which is typically the best (and at least most reliable) place to get breakfast in a casino.  It was poor planning to have this construction going on during one of the busiest Vegas weekends.  So, that was annoying.. . The rooms are solid but not spectacular.  One thing that's nice about MGM Grand is there is a broad spectrum of things to eat, from a food court to Joel Robuchon.  Craftsteak is always a winner in my experience.  You have a good amount of dining options here.. . I've been to several concerts at the Grand Garden Arena.  They do a great job of getting you in and out quickly.  . . Front desk staff is very courteous, as is the MLife staff.  Dealers as well.  Very solid hotel all around.
The staff here is super friendly. They always ask if you are ok, and tell you good morning/afternoon/evening, I will give them that. The pools are awesome, though the booze prices are through the roof (22 dollars for a pina colada). Yes, it's Vegas, but seriously? The true reason I gave MGM a three star was that they wouldnt waive my fees for the amenities. The reason this is a big deal? The other girls that went to Vegas with my friend stayed at the Signature, and got their fee waived with zero problems. I tried three times. Yes, the Signature is technically a different place, but when the front desk at MGM claims that the Signature cant waive the fees either, and they are clearly lying, that is quite obnoxious. They should be consistent at the very least, and let no one waive the fee.
I'm truly 50/50 on my experience at the MGM so let me break it down for you.. . Things that I liked:. . - Super friendly staff. Every morning, there would be several people in the hallway and each would greet us with a "Hello/Good morning/Have a nice day!" Love it!. . - Great location. I walked everywhere. Right across from New York, New York. A 10 minute walk to Planet Hollywood. Definitely manageable.. . Things I'm on the fence about:. . - The pool. It's a huge, sprawling complex but it gets crowded very early (like by 11 AM) and it's difficult to find a pool chair. Everyone seems to just lay their towel down and walk away. Very frustrating! The lazy river was nice and quite entertaining at 5 PM with all the drunk guys trying to hit on us while not being able to talk or walk. :). . - The buffet. The food was good and there was a nice selection but the dinner buffet is severely overpriced at $36/person. You can see my buffet review for more info.. . Things I disliked:. . - The resort fee. It's very annoying to have to pay $25/day for things that I largely didn't use. Gym? Ha! Not in Vegas. Paper? Does anyone read the newspaper anymore? And this is coming from a journalism graduate. The only amenity included in the resort fee that I used was the internet and there's no way that should cost $25/day when I pay a total of $45/month at home. Ridiculous!. . - Drink prices at the pool. $22 for a pina colada!?! Eeks! No way!
The mansions at the MGM are really the only great thing here in my eyes. Every thing else is just okay. Unfortunately most people will never get to experience the Mansions but let me just say they are amazing and it is like being in a whole different world. . . I have been to every restaurant in this place and only one stood out and was worth mentioning and that was Joel Robuchon. If you can go here, then you must try this experience. The sixteen course starts at $425 a person and let me tell up it will rock your world. This is my favorite place about the MGM. . . I don't really like anything else here. The casino is very large and you just can't get personal service unless you are playing in the high limit areas. It is also very hard to get out of the parking lot after a concert or show in the Grand Arena. They also have the show KA which I thought used to be very good, but now just okay. They have changed it so much over the years. I was disappointed the last time I saw it.
The MGM is holding up well in spite of its age. Many rooms have been remodeled. It seems to be the affordable conference destination, and the rates are pretty reasonable. Be prepared for the resort fee, which provides amenities like the pool and WiFi. . . My room appeared clean, until I noticed a bobby-pin on the floor and wondered when the carpet was last vacuumed. There was also something crusty on the TV remote. Upgrades to the AC in the casino have cut down on the smoke (there is less than many other hotels in Vegas), but you will still be miserable if you are sensitive. The staff works hard and is friendly, but are often seem unable to resolve problems. If you paid a luxury rate, insist on resolution. If you paid a discount rate, be happy with what you got. . . There are lots of great restaurants on site (and a ton of mediocre ones). The pool is fantastic. And the conference catered food is very good for a hotel. . . I wouldn't seek out the MGM, but am not sad when I stay here. Service has steadily improved over the years. It's a great hotel for the affordable rates.
Overall, I would recommend the MGM for convenience of location, more than anything else.  The price and size of the rooms are definitely not worth it, but you really can't beat the location, and the room was clean and every employee we dealt with during our stay was super sweet.  We paid for two queen beds in a room for two nights: Friday-Sunday morning.  The room was TINY- we could barely have people over in our room (there were 8 in our party, spread out over Vegas), which surprised me as I would think two queen beds would include some actual living space.  Or a coffee maker.  Or a fridge.  I would trade our TV for either item in a heartbeat.  Apparently, in Vegas, a coffee maker is worth it's weight in gold, or whatever MGM charges you to rent one for your room!. . That being said, the MGM is right on the strip, close to the airport, and contains what I think is the best club and the best buffet in Vegas.  There's something to be said for being able to return to your room in a drunken stupor 10min after leaving the club.  I was also surprised by how quiet the hotel was, for  being in Vegas during the weekend.  We only heard one noise complaint, something aboutsomeone barrel-racing through the hallways... I'm just said I missed that one.  I have mixed feelings about recommending the MGM to anyone else looking for a room in Vegas, but if you have money to spend, it is clean and convenient!
Old and needs to be revamped. I am not crazy about this casino. Stayed here on a business trip. Its ok, but just kinda old.
I stayed at the MGM Grand the first time I went to Vegas, and overall it was ok. The bedrooms and bathrooms are renovated, but the walls are paper thin!! You can hear EVERYTHING, literally EVERYTHING around you!! It is also at one end of the strip, so don't stay there if you have trouble walking!! The only really cool thing was the complementary Cirque du solei tickets!!! Awesome!!!
Writing a review on a hotel like the MGM Grand is so difficult cause there are so many components - the front desk, casino, rooms, etc. . . Parking: Beware the walk is forever from the garage to the lobby. Once you get to the lobby you are almost a little dumbfounded by the size of the lobby, hotel, and casino.. . Rooms: If only the rooms were as "grand" as the hotel. (lol) Even though they just went through a "grand renovation" I still wasn't all that impressed, everything is still pretty standard and just not as dated.. . There are so many hotels on Las Vegas Blvd I really have no idea if I would stay here again cause there are so many other places I'd like to try out!
This hotel is showing its age in decor and ambiance. My big gripe about the rooms: why is the mini fridge so super strict about even breathing on it? I've stayed in motels that give you a nice fridge for your own use, but MGM tries to rent one out to you for $25 a night. . . Beds are comfy and good TVs otherwise
This is a backdated review for MDW13 - here goes:. . I booked this reservation through Expedia so I got an email that the reservation was guaranteed until midnight of the first day of the reservation.  Seeing as my flight was going to come in at 11:50 I decided to give MGM Grand a call since I didn't want my room to be given away.. . It was a 15 minute or so wait on hold to reach the correct person, but she was very polite and wrote a note on my reservation so the room wouldn't be reissued.. . Our flight came in around 2AM local time (Spirit Airlines, that's a 1 star review for another time).  The check in people were nice and we got our room keys quickly without a hitch.. . Once we got into our room, it was a little weird.. -The soaps were already opened. Not sure if they are just really trying to make things easy on me or didn't change them out. I found a hair in the soap.... -There was still trash in the trash can.. . Ehhh.. . No matter, we brought our own soap anyway and trash is trash. We were tired.. . The rest of the stay was uneventful.  The buffet was okay since it was included in our stay, but if you're looking for a Vegas Buffet worth talking about with friends, head up the strip to some of the newer casinos.  The MGM Grand buffet reminded me of dorm food. Since I just got out of college it's not a big deal, but if your palate is more refined then you might be better off paying more and going elsewhere.. . The casino is cool. Again, there's better on the north end of the strip, but nothing is terribly bad or exceptionally good.. . My one regret about being at MGM was not going to Hakkasan. It had just opened and we were busy with other venues so we didn't check it out.  But after reading other reviews it seems like I missed out on a golden opportunity.  I'll be sure to check it out next time.. . Some final notes -. . -MGM is in a good location since you can hit a bunch of casinos thanks to the rail that is connected to Excalibur down the road. One can easily hit up Mandalay Bay, Excalibur, Luxor, and NYNY.. -The pools are great and check out Wet Republic if you get a chance.. -Weekday rates are pretty reasonable.. -There is a $25/day resort fee that gets added on. It includes WiFi so bring a computer or tablet since you're already paying for access.. -There is a foodcourt between the hotel and pools if you are trying to save some cash.
I stayed at the hotel for a week long technical conference hosted at the hotel.  The room was a one king bed deluxe room.  The room itself was fairly ordinary, though spacious.  There is neither a microwave nor refrigerator (other that the one stocked with expensive drinks) available in the room.  The channel selection available on the TV was rather limited and features no premium channels.  Though, we did not spend a great deal of time in our room watching TV, so that was not a deal breaker.  . . The view from our 15th floor room was good will a window that ran the full width of the room.  The window featured a drop down blackout curtain that did an excellent job of blocking out outside light.  The biggest weakness of the room was the front door.  It featured no latchable lock on the inside and it also blocked no sound from the hallway.  We were often awoken in the middle of the night by people returning to their rooms after late shows or parties.  The doors really need to be replaced with one that insulate better.. . As for the hotel itself, the property is huge.  This was both a plus and minus.  On the plus side, the property featured an extensive gaming floor, lots of restaurants, shops and an extensive pool  complex.  However, the price for this is a lot of walking to get around.  The walk to the convention area is particularly remote from the rooms.  If you are there for a convention, you should count on at least a 10 minute walk from the central elevators to theconvention area.. . The casino area is central to the hotel, which means you have to walk through it to go just about anywhere in the hotel or even to enter and leave the hotel.  The smoke in the casino area is oppressively bad and we spent very little time gaming before giving up.  Even just walking through the casino area to get to different parts is an unpleasant experience.  The MGM isn't the worst on the strip, but it's certainly not good.. . Overall, as a conference hosting hotel, it has a lot to offer with a large convention space and conference rooms (the conference I attended was on the order of 3500 people).  It also has a decent location surrounded by other MGM properties with lots of entertainment options within close walking distance.. . However, if I were staying on my own for a pure recreational trip, I would probably book one of the other properties on the strip first.
Just came back from a 3 night stay at the MGM Grand in Vegas.. . The rundown:. . Pros. 1) A giant property with everything you could ever need all in one place.  . 2) Nicely updated rooms.  I love the new look of the guest rooms, the beds were very comfortable, and the bathroom was really tastefully redone with marble counters and a marble shower.. 3) Good prices.  Hard to find a hotel of this quality for less in Vegas.. 4) A great restaurant selection, from Joel Robuchon, Shibuya and Craftsteak to McDonalds, Nathans, Blizz, and everything in between.. . Cons. 1) The long check in line that greets you upon arrival.  Seriously, it's like airport security.. 2) The overly-crowded pools.  5,000 guestrooms means a lot of people sunbathing.. 3) The water.  Our sinks broke down and had to be repaired.. 4) The staff.  Many were nice, but more than a few seemed like they'd just gotten up from sitting on a cactus.  Some were downright rude.. 5) And finally THE BAR-NONE SLOWEST VALETS IN VEGAS.  I never waited more than four or five minutes to get my car at the valets for any of the other eight or nine casinos that I visited, but at the MGM, my average wait was around seven or eight minutes, and I once waited SEVENTEEN MINUTES for them to get my car.  Totally unacceptable.  They need to hire more valets.
3.5 stars. . . I stayed at MGM a few years back and felt that was a so so experience then.. . This time around, I was relatively satisfied with my stay. Though not the swankiest, or newest of hotels, there were little things here and there that mad e our stay here quite enjoyable.  Everything is in walking distance and there are a fair amount of eateries within the hotel. . . The pool areas are large enough to house to accommodate all sorts of visitors: party goers, couples, families. . . One thing I will say is that check in line is ridiculously long. Like lining up for a ride to disneyland. . . The rooms are spacious. Slightly outdated but definitely clean (we took a white terry towel and did a rubdown of the surfaces within the room, even the chairs/sofa--clean!). We thought it was great how intuitively placed the switches, electric outlets, cable/ adapter things for media --- impressive.. . Getting anyone on the phone was a bit of an ordeal. We were on hold for about 10 mins at one point. . . Overall, much better than my last stay and things have been changed for the better. Definitely easy to get lost in here but all vegas hotels are like that for me anyway LOL.
Great room rate at $81/night (not including the taxes and resort fees). . . Cool pool complex. . . But... Where has the quality gone?. . The MGM is a nice enough Vegas Strip hotel, with lots of amenities, don't get me wrong, but there were enough things wrong that I wouldn't stay here again. The quality felt lost, seemingly because they cater to such a very high influx of guests.. . We had a bad smell upon entry in our room. Whew...Yuck! The beds were a bit too soft and were probably ready to be replaced. The T.V. had  issues and no help arrived after we were told someone would come look at it. The air conditioning did not work well so the room could not be cooled down as much as we would have liked. . . If you do come here, see about becoming an M-Life Member (players club) prior to check-in. You can avoid the long line to check-in. We waited around 45 minutes. There's a much shorter line off to the side for M-Life Members. With that said, they did have nice water to drink for those waiting in the long line.. . . The complex is very large and spread out so be prepared to walk.. . I've stayed at Paris and Treasure Island previously. Both of these are better for their proximity on the strip.
This was my first time ever staying at the MGM.  All because our birthday girl wanted to stay here.  It is pricey, but appears to be like the main hub for a lot of Vegas activities.  The parking lot is big and kind of confusing, however I was able to find a spot.  Checking in kind of sucked, because we got there early and for an extra $20 we could check into our room earlier.  Boo!  What a rip.. . Didn't try out any of their restaurants, so I can speak for those.  I did try the worst club ever, Hakkasan.  Don't even go there!  You should check out the endless river, if you don't feel like forking over $50 for Wet Republic pool party.  That was where I had the most fun, was in the free pool area.. . Elevators can be annoying when its super busy.   I did enjoy our hotel room, it was very comfortable and clean.  Slept like a baby in their plush bed.  Their bathrooms were enormous.  If you get a remodeled room, you can play around with the mechanical shades.  Overall, I don't think I'll ever stay back here again, because of price, but I made the most out of MGM.
So I decided to visit Vegas last week for the first time,and based on reviews,I booked the MGM Grand hotel. I'm not a complainer for the most part and fairly easy to please,but let's get right to it:. . Pros:. *HUGE Hotel-easy to meet people. *Room was nice aesthetically and bed was comfy (I stayed in a grand queen on the 17th floor). * Housekeeping is quite thorough. Always stocked towels and tucked the [--] out of my bedsheets everyday.. *LOTS of food options on the property. *The convenience store near the elevators was a LIFE SAVER. *I arrived on Tuesday July 2 around 7pm at the hotel. Check-in was a breeze and I appreciated the courteous employee that checked us in.. *Huge parking garage. Almost too big. But my buddy rented a car and we found parking pretty easy each day (Something I learned today--ALL the hotels on the strip do free valet,regardless if you stay at that hotel or not. Would have been nice to know this before my trip lol). * There is a walgreens,7-11, and small food court with a Subway,Sbarro,Wendy's,Del Taco and DQ less than 1/4 mile from the hotel. I ate at subway most of the week but the Walgreens has a nice selections of sandwiches and salads too. I was able to buy a gallon of water for $2 @ the walgreens and lugged it back to my room.. . . . Cons:. *Huge Hotel. Takes FOREVER to walk through. my friend and I were finally able to speedwalk through it at about 7 minutes after a couple days lol. * I didn't like the water pressure in my shower. Didn't have a hard stream.. *My room would get warm in the middle of the night,which made me uncomfortable and hard to sleep.. *Ice machine on my floor was out the majority of my stay (I was there July2-6). *I knwo that i went for a holiday weekend and it waould be busy because of that but it was also UFC Fight week and I think some kind of dance competition was there. Kids and stage moms...EVERYWHERE. I'm a single 25 year old with no kids...on purpose. If i wante dto be around kids,I'd have some. (No that has nothing to do with the hotel,but I'm just saying). *Far down the strip from the center. Not a crazy far walk,just not the most convenient when its blazing like hades outside.. *DO NOT TOUCH ANYTHING YOU DO NOT PLAN ON BUYING! I was so gracious that the employee that checked us intold us that there is a $50 restocking fee if you pick something up and don't use it. (It has sensors and there's also a sign in the room) Fortunately we didn't pick up anything available in the room (never used the mini fridge or the water/nuts) but that mark-up is INSANE.. . . Overall,I wanted to stay somewhere where I could meet other people my age and relax. I enjoyed the casino (I'm no gambler but the Michael Jackson slot game was my BFF by the end of the week!!) Unfortunately,it was too hot to be day buzzed (day or night really) but I'm glad I tried the MGM. I'll probably try another hotel on my next visit but I'd stay here again. There was so much I didn't get to experience (Wet republic,Hakkasan nightclub and I never ate at any of the restaurants on property.) So I'll be back. Eventually
Hotel room itself was great.  Restaurants are ok at best.  1st day at the pool sucked because of all the drunks they let in.   2nd day was better since we went out first thing in the morning.  Most if which probably are not staying in the hotel.  So if you are a vacationing family, stay away from this hotel.
Our stay at MGM was ok.. . 4 of us all pulled together and decided to splash out and stay in one of the large sky view suites, (had 2 large bedrooms, 4 HD televisions and a billiard table. An awesome room and well worth the money) I don't think we would have enjoyed our stay as much if we didn't have this haven to retreat back to.. . The main issue we encountered was when we checked in. . The man at the counter did not run through any of the expenses with us. And never had us sign any papers, which we found kind of weird as every other normal hotel does.. He told us the cost of the room and charged my friends card, but when we checked the transaction history on the card account it had actually been charged an additional $300, so we're thinking he's overcharged us without realizing. . Also, due to the limit on the credit card, this unexpected additional cost caused an overdrawn fee on my friends account.. . When we explained this to management, they did not care at all about how their staff had not communicated with us properly and how this had affected my friends funds.. . Their response,. . "That $300 is a bond fee for the room, it will be returned at the end if your stay and is always included in the room you booked, it was on the paper you signed". We didn't sign ANY papers and even when booking over the phone no one told us of this. . . After again, trying to explain that if we had known this we would have then split the costs over two cards we got a blank stare and an additional "well what do you want us to do about it" . In the end they offered a petty $75 voucher. We didn't want a voucher, we just wanted an apology. And not once did they apologize for the lack of service and communication.. . I would have left MGM with a 5 star rating if the manager assigned to us  had actually listened to our concerns, acknowledged them and apologized. . . Some (not all) staff at MGM need to get a lesson in customer service
The room was nice & the staff was friendly.  My friends & I came here for a bachelorette party & planned to stay both days at the pool.  The problem with the lazy river, is that it was not very lazy because jets of water kept hitting you in the face while you were floating.  Don't even try & get in here and not expect to get DRENCHED. Its definitely not relaxing.  The lazy river would have been so fun if those jets weren't on.
If you're booking for the lazy river, be prepared to pay $17 per tub to float around in it. resort fee is $25 a day but that only lets you go to the pool to soak in a 3 feet deep pool with lots of kids. . . If you're booking for the buffet, it's only for breakfast before 10am. I felt a bit decevied because it said 2 buffets per stay and I totally took it as 2 for each night that I booked. Oh well, didn't becuase who wakes up that early in Vegas. . . The room was nice and clean. The cleaning staff were all very nice. Some of the staff at check in were a bit snooty. The drink girls that work at the pool all seemed aged and out dated. I go out to Vegas at least 2-4 times a year and I'll probably try another hotel the next time I'm in Vegas.
We arrived on a Sunday afternoon. The check in line was extremely long, however, my mother is wheelchair bound and the concierge immediately approached us to come to another window to be assisted for check in.  Although, we wouldn't mind to have waited with everyone else, we appreciated the extra help.. . When we got to our room, we were pleased with the size of the room.  There were two televisions, two telephones, automatic window shades, a nice huge big bathroom with a separate shower and bathtub, two sinks, marble bathroom floors.  The part of the room that was carpet was disappointing.  The carpet needed to be cleaned, as it was dirty.. . We decided to get ready and hit the city...we proceeded to the lobby and w-a-l-k-e-d all around the hotel to find our spot to gamble. Although, we didn't win millions, we had a good time. With many people smoking, it wasn't apparent. The fresh/scent in the air made the gambling area pleasant. . . The kids decided to hit "The Lazy River" and immediately were disappointed, as there is a fee for getting an inner tube.  . . Since there is a daily Resort fee ($25.00), this fee should cover the inner tube cost. Oh, you do get a "free" inner tube when you pay for a cabana...for a ridiculous fee!. . When we got up and out of the room for the day at 9:00 AM,  we made sure to take the "Recharging IN Progress" off the door, so the maid could clean our room.  When we returned at 4:00 PM, to get ready for the evening our room still wasn't cleaned.  I'm not sure what time the room was cleaned, as we didn't return until 12:30AM.  When I woke up in the middle of the night, I could not see the clock from the bed, as it is on top of the telephone facing towards the ceiling.. . We were really disappointed upon our return to the room, as we had left overs and when we opened the refrigerator, there was no place to put the food.  The refrigerator was already stocked by the hotel with drinks.  If one of us moved any items, there would be a re-stock fee!. . We had to use the pull out couch and it was apparent that since the couch was placed there, it has not been vacuumed underneath.  There was enough trash, if or when cleaned it would take up a trash can.. . The next day, we stopped by Starbucks for our morning coffee, as there is not a coffee pot in the room.  I saw one of the hotel employees and asked if there was a comment card.  I was told "we don't have those, and I could speak to a manager."  This is why I am leaving my comments on Yelp. . . CONS:. No coffee pot. No inner tube, should be part of "Resort fee". Too long to service room. Carpet needs to be cleaned. Carpet under pull out bed extremely dirty with trash. No additional refrigerator for personal use. Clock unable to see when in bed. Lion  Exhibit closed and lions moved to an offsite, where you have to pay a fee to see them.). . PROS:. Enjoyed fresh smell of hotel. Easy check out
"Guaranteed" early check-in is a joke! We opted for the $20 early check-in fee, only for them to say the room wasn't available! smh. . Went up to our rooms (after waiting 2 hours for it) and our keys don't work! Now we're waiting for security to let us in our room, then we have to go back to the front desk and get new keys! Ugh!
Ok so this place has some really great things about it and not so great. . PROS: . Hakkasan . Wet Republic. Great eye candy. Joel Robuchon . Craft Steak. Shibuya (foie gras dumplings) . . CONS: . Older hotel so ventilation is terrible. A lot of people come for the clubs so getting taxis can be trying . I had a Grand Queen suite. It was a closet with two full size beds. . . I don't know about you... But Vegas has too many Great hotels to stay and not be completely satisfied. Chive on
Self parking was easy... We didn't stay here but came to watch the Show KA.  . Unfortunately, the smells of smoking seemed pronounced though the hotel was clean, and felt slighty outdated.  Having said that, I would come here as I've heard others have been happy with the renovated rooms.
We stayed 3 nights- room was clean, TV HD w lots of channels. Shower fixtures great! 28$/ d resort fee included cardio room, USA today and wifi - Only thing w wifi, YOU HAVE TO HANG AROUND LOBBY OR HALLWAY TO GET A SIGNAL
Not my favorite Vegas hotel, but it's worth mentioning.. . Rooms: Ok. . Parking: long, long walk to rooms.  Valet it.. . Pool: Felt like it was miles away.  Not cool when you've got wet kids in tow.  They didn't allow inner tubes from Mandalay (a sister property) so you're stuck renting.  Pool area is not kid friendly by early afternoon.  Drunk parties everywhere.. . Casino felt cramped, but that may have been because they were doing construction.  Whatever the case, it was distracting.. . Food options are decent, ranging from fast food (McD's, Nathan's) to fancy upscale restaurants.  Don't forget about the few places in the walkway to the parking garage.  . . Cirque du Soleil's Ka was one of the best Cirque shows I've seen.  Amazing and good for the kids too.  . . Play slots on my Facebook via myVegas and you can earn free rewards.  I stayed at MGM for free.  Yeah, it's possible and won't cost you a penny.
Cheap room, clean, it does the job. But don't expect a huge room!!! It's pretty small. Cute but small. I guess for drinking and parting, it doesn't really matter
Very mediocre hotel by Vegas standards.  The room was nicely decorated, but few things worked.  Television was not working due to apparent bandwidth problems.  Wired internet useless.  Wireless internet on the verge of being useless.  Loud and often bad music everywhere you walk in public areas.  Cheesy (although probably average by Vegas standards).  Better places to stay, that's for sure.  Don't book a conference here.  Checkin notes for the hotel:  if you're going to build a humongous monstrosity like this, you need to ensure you have front desk capacity to handle the extra flow.  Had to wait in line a good 15 minutes to check in.
I was here before and after renovations. Before renovations it was extremely outdated and not at all pleasant in smell or sight. After the renovations, the rooms seemed to shrink in size yet had outstanding amenities... a TV in the bathroom mirror..... then i thought probably because the room was os small! Its great for a couple on the go preferring a modern room that is cozy... but if you want space and a fun shower, this is not the place to stay. The hotel is one of the largest and the rooms very but I would not chance being put into this tiny room again!
Big hotel big slow valet line. They apparently didn't have enough valets on duty? At least 200 people in line to check in. Not exaggerating I counted. Rooms are well appointed but we were upgraded, they're on the small side but you only need it to sleep right!? The hallway to the rooms are unbelievably long. Make sure you ask for a room  near the elevator. Sometimes bigger isn't better. The plus Frozen Fury is here so we didn't have to drive.
Not too bad.  I would give it 3.5 starsif I could.  The room was not bad at all and the overall hotel experience was ok.  The only thing I didn't like was that the lazy river area gets really crowded so get there early and the prices for food and drinks in the pool area are very expensive.  If you're trying to save money and spend it on gambling, jump out of the pool and dry off then head to the food courts to get something to eat.  The food in the pool area didn't look like it was enough for the price they were selling them for.
More like 3.5 stars.  Would I stay here again.  Absolutely.. . My husband and I are not Vegas veterans.  Last weekend was our second trip and the second in 5 months.  Previously, we stayed at the MGM Signature and thus spent a lot of time in the MGM proper (casino, restaurants).  We enjoyed the atmosphere, so when we booked for Jimmy Buffett we agreed the MGM Grand would be our home for a few days.. . We checked in around 4 pm Friday, met by a very nice desk clerk who honored my request for a Grand King with a Strip view with first a "I don't think we have any available" to a sudden miraculous "I found one for you."  Awesome, appreciated!  And the room on the 15th floor did indeed have a lovely view.. . BUT, housekeeping is why I dock this sucker 1.5 stars.. . We entered said room, to the strong odor of marijuana.  And although the bed was made (albeit some hairs on the sheets that showed), there was quite a bit of trash laying around.  The room hadn't been completely cleaned.  Which gives one a creepy feeling.  A call to the front desk promised that housekeeping would arrive, and while we were at dinner the room was cleaned to sparkliness.  But still.  No good.. . Then the next day:. . - A room service cart (a very large one) with old food and junk was left in our hall near our room all day.  It was still there at nearly midnight that evening.  Gross.. . - We returned to our room Saturday afternoon to see it had been cleaned, EXCEPT for two dirty glasses.  They had also taken a half consumed liter of pop we purposely put in the garbage can for disposal OUT of the can and left it on our counter.  WTF?. . -- The lady who restocked our mini bar, after hearing our complaint about the unclean check in, blamed it on the front desk.  Not sure who is wrong.. . Final point: No coffee makers in the room??  WTF???. . Still like the place a lot for a mid price Strip hotel, but housekeeping appears to drag them down.
This place is HUGE. I am pretty sure it's the biggest hotel/casino on the strip(Or maybe I am making that up. WHO KNOWS). . . I stayed at the Signature at the MGM, which was a fantastic hotel, and it was linked to the MGM, so I spent a lot of time here at the pools, restaurants, casino, etc. . . The hotel is pretty basic, but because it's so huge has a lot to offer. . . -MGM Garden Arena. -Ka by Cirque du Soleil. -Hakkasan- club that always has a huge line, and pulls in big name DJ's like Calvin Harris(who I have actually heard of). . Great restaurants, including where I dined Tom Colicchio's Craftsteak, which is fantastic. . . This place really has a lot to offer, I just wasn't feeling it. . . I did like the fact that there were a few quick-service type food places open late, and the casino floor has a 24-hour Starbucks. . The Pool area, with the Lazy River was huge, and pretty awesome. Lots of bars, food, etc available there. . . The shopping isn't great though, and none of the shows really appealed to me, and the casino, while huge, wasn't really that memorable. . . All in all though, I wouldn't go out of my way to go to MGM Grand unless you want to check out the restaurants or shows. The MGM Grand does have a lot of great shows, and there are a lot of fantastic restaurants.
Beautiful Casino. Wait staff was kind of rude.
The hotel overall is great with all the stores they have the lazy river pool, but the rooms definitely need an upgrade. It felt very modern and out of place. I didn't like the room settings at all. And it also took a million years to walk down the aisle to get to your room. It looks like theres a mirror at the end of the aisle but it just actually keeps going and going until you finally reach your room like 3 miles later. Other than that I like the overall hotel.
Probably it was our bad for not trying the check-in trick this time. We got the basic room, which was far from elevator and had no tub. That's not what people expect for a Vegas experience, and MGM should know that instead of maximizing profit margin.
This hotel is just okay. They are doing construction in the middle of the casino and they must have hit a sewer line because it literally stinks in the casino. I stayed for a business convention and it was convenient to local transit, all the food I ate was good though sometimes not even warm. If you list that every room has a hair dryer it should be in the room and I shouldn't have to call for it. Everyone who works here seems fake, I got called by housekeeping 2 hours after the hair dryer request to confirm it was delivered. Overkill and the time delay reads as stupid and phony.  I wouldn't use my own money to stay here, but since the company paid it was okay.
Stayed here for spring break years ago. I love the resort. This place is huge. I used to always come here for fat Tuesdays to get drinks and to check out the lions habitat. Too bad its gone now. The hotel rooms where a little above average. The signature is much better. Of coarse the price is a little more there also. This is a great location though. I like there is also a lot to do in this casino. Its huge.
While the MGM has been recently renovated and updated, it isn't generally my go to hotel to stay at when I am in Vegas, but hey, who can pass up a good comp rate. That just means more money for gambling, shows, and drinking.. . This is one of the largest hotels on the Strip. Depending on how your night goes, it can be a long walk if  your room is far from the elevator. . . Some pros:. . +Restaurants- there is a nice selection of restaurants within the MGM. For a cheaper option, checkout the Planet Pie in the underground. . . +Gambling- Like all hotels on the strip, they have a casino. Their minimum to bet are on the cheaper side in the extremely late night/early morning, but aren't as high as what you would see at the Cosmo. If you are on the cheap side, just walk across the street to Hooters. . +Shows- The MGM is home to Ka. This is one of the better shows and very well done.. . +Monorail- The MGM is a stop on the Monorail. The entrance is located in the Underground.. . +Location to the  Airport- This is one of the fastest hotels to get to the airport from if you some how find yourself running late for your flight.. . +Rooms- They were updated within the last two years and the bedding is comfortable and the blackout curtains are awesome and work extremely well after a long night out. . Cons:. . -Crowd: Since this is one of the larger hotels, there tend to be a lot of people. Expect there to be a long line at the checkout/check in counter.. . -Hotel Layout- It is on the larger side and depending on your room location, expect to have a nice walk. . **Tip- If you are arriving in LAS, check-in at the MGM office in Terminal 1 baggage claim area. This can save you a lot of time in the long run.
The hotel has been renovated and the rooms are nice and comfortable, the only issue I had was the shower, there was absolutely no water pressure whatsoever. It felt almost impossible to wash my hair! I had to wait forever for the water to rinse out all of the shampoo! Oh parking can also be a pain if there is a special event going on (valet parking becomes full, and self parking is a nightmare).
This behemoth of a hotel is nice, but starting to show her age. Valet is awkward. Everything is incredibly far apart. I mapped my walk from one end of the hall to the other, it was .3 miles and took 4 minutes at a very brisk pace! 15 minutes to get to the pool from my room, and over half a mile away. Main pool is closed for the season, but when you book your room, it is still being advertised as an amenity. While there is a pool available, it is so far away, and down so many corridors, you will give up before you get there. You have to 'run the gauntlet' through shops. There is no logical layout. No sense to this massive space. However, it is quite clean. Courteous and friendly staff. Prompt service when we had an issue. Relatively affordable, and the best location in Las Vegas.
Fora large hotel they do a good job to keep things moving.  It's expensive to stay here unless you get a really good deal for flight and hotel, which I did over the Thanksgiving 2013 holidays.  The place is fast paced and noisy.  Even early in the morning while trying to get Starbucks, the music is loudly jamming at near concert levels.  The staff were courteous and helpful.  Room service for one (1) pot of coffee -- that's it -- was $31.00  It's advertised less, but by the time they tack on fees, ouch!. . Lots of kids here in strollers.  Don't know why parents bring their young children to Vegas, but they do.  Be prepared to deal with the screaming and crying.
I dont know what they are pumping through their HVAC system, but it is awful. It smells like they are using perfume to cover up the smoke smell and it is just making it worse. Thankfully I am not staying there overnight and I dont think I ever will now.
Thank you MyVegas for another comp night at a MGM hotel!. . I have gambled away hundreds of dollars at MGM Grand but have never stayed. We thought we'd give it a try since the poker room was one of the best (was...not in its current state.). . It was easy to check in and I actually got a room around noon instead of waiting until 3pm. I'm not sure if that had anything to do with which room we got but it was in the North Tower. Albeit it was modern, looked completely new/renovated, but it was small and far from the main elevators. The way the bathroom was laid out, made me feel like I was on a cruise or airplane. The bed was comfy but the way the TV was positioned with the porthole they called a window, really made me think I was on a ship.. . Overall, the stay was okay and I may consider coming back once they finish refining the lobby/gambling area. Otherwise I'll stay closer to the center of the strip.
