came here the night of new years day. diddy was hosting the party there. lots of people. it got a little too crazy crowded on the dance floor. love the decor of this place. the music was good. drinks expensive but thats expected. the rooftop area was nice but it was too cold to be out there. theres no guestlist line...instead there is an insane mosh pit of people and you basically have to try to make your way to the front in order to get in. however, i will admit that i enjoy being walked past everyone else trying to get in. =P word on the street is that pure isn't as hip as it was a few years ago...its still pretty crackin to me. =)
I would give this a 3.5 star if possible because it was just a little better than "a-ok". The dance floor is small and packed, but the tables are nice and roomy. I didn't get a chance to visit the rooftop so maybe that would have helped with my rating. Otherwise, I thought the venue was pretty decent looking--I liked the all white look. Ladies, the bathroom is pretty large so you probably won't find yourself waiting in a long line.
I love the ambiance. Everything looks so dreamy and surreal. The drinks were pricier here than otter clubs, and the bartender like to take their own tips. Umm okay! Big space... good music... I'm not impressed with the crowd though. Hmm...
Not a bad club....have a lot of great headliners.  I would go again...if there was a good host.
The only reason why my bf and I came here was because it was located in our hotel and we got in for free, so hey why not right?:) I'm a girl and I hate cock-fests....this is exactly what it was tho LOL. There were sooooooooooo many guys there! I felt really uncomfortable around a few of them because it seemed like they were trying to eye-sex you even with your BF around! what the heck! lol. One of them even tried to hit on me when i was holding my bf's hand -____- IDK..i did not have a good time there. the music was not the greatest..I really wasn't feelin it one bit. We left to play blackjack instead with the pussycat dolls:). . oh yeah! forgot to tell you guys about the funny incident that happened there! LOL So when my bf and i were dancing, there was a group of girls who were very unladylike right? they were sooo sloppy -___- while they were dancing, one of the girls PURPOSELY kept on pulling down her dress so you could see her nipples! LOL EW! i thought that was hilarious because omg she was so easy..mk :) thats all LOL
This is more like a 2 1/2 star but rounded up.  I have been here many times over the years, but this time 2011 this place on a Saturday night has gotten ghetto.   It is not the same Pure it used to be when it was more exclusive.  I am thinking more tourist and people who could not get in anywhere else and who missed the high point by a few years.. . So you ask what the hell am I doing here.  Well my wife and I were staying at Caesars and she didn't want to make an effort to go outside the hotel.  Yeh, we are borderline getting old, but like to think of my self as somewhat cool still.. . Anyways it was Saturday night and they didn't even open up the upstairs area and the crowd was pretty fugly and pathetic.  I guess I just prefer the latest and greatest except my wife of course.
PuRe oH PuRe... PuRe AwEsomENeSs haHa. . We went too early before it even opened and got VIP passes to get in for FREE ** BONUS POINTS**. . So we got in line around 10:45, and i swear once we got in line the lines grew rapidly it was really fun to watch all these sad people wait in line haha!. . We got in and THERE IS NO WHERE TO SIT .. typically vegas night club WTF Just cause i dont want to spend six hundred on freakin bottle service i have to stand the entire time BULL SHIT. . Plus there were soo many empty seating areas that this was CRAP. . The main dance floor was so compant i swear every move i made i was touching someone in their SPECIAL AREA !! The pussy cat dolls lounge was really small as well, but the show was really cool to watch SeXy BiTchEzZ. . THEN the upstairs opened! I LOVE dancing so dancing plus cold air was WONDERFUL! I really hate getting sweaty!. . We danced by the speakers the rest of the night and was protected by out own personal security guard LOL Fun TImes!
Pure is okay, it's a bit more of an older crowd from what I've noticed, but can still be fun. There's a cool Grecian theme with lots of flowing white drapery. Last time I was here, the bartender was pregnant... I thought that was interesting. My favorite part of this club is the upstairs part on the rooftop bar. There's a nice view of the strip.
Pure was alot of fun, The line was extremely long, since it was myself and 3 other ladies, we pretty much skipped all of that and had been escorted right in. I was EXTREMELY excited to come here and maybe that's why this place did not meet all of my expectations.. . The main room only played techno music, and that was really loud and annoying. It was extremely crowded and the crowd was all townies and strange.. . I had been to Jet and Body English the 2 nights before, at which I had an amazing time and Pure was a bit annoying in comparison.. . Hey, to each his own.
Pure is hit-or-miss. If you can avoid the fucking RIDICULOUS line AND it's not too packed, you might have a good time. Good amount of dancing room downstairs, and a different outdoor-lounge kind of vibe upstairs. Music selection is generally more hip-hop biased downstairs and more house/electronica on the roof, which is good. . . There are a couple of problems though, which tend to compound and spin out of control pretty quickly... First, as you might have figured by the line outside, it can get really packed. Second, the bouncers seem to exercise little discretion in turning away classless riff-raff; seriously, if the guy shows up with his jeans hanging around his ass and wearing a Raiders or Dodgers jersey, you'd think he wouldn't be let in the club - and you'd be wrong. Third, once these ghetto fucks show up, they usually end up being real shitty company. They'll buy a drink, complain about the price, not tip a dime, then decide to throw the fucking cup with some ice on the floor when they're done. It's as if by having 5 cheapass morons chip in for one admittedly-overpriced $20 drink, they've earned the right to just make a fucking mess like they do in their own homes. And sue me for being awesome, but I dance on that floor and don't want to get my pretty face messy if I slip and land on it . . Again, as long as things don't all combine for the perfect storm like they have a couple times here, Pure has good potential. It's really up to the crowd whether or not you enjoy your visit.
I don't know why I went to a club in Vegas, I guess I just wanted to see what the hype was.  Long lines in front of the place, pure chaotic!. . Inside, nothing special at all - wasn't hoping to get some sort of Vegas exuburance.
I was stuck in my hotel room at Caesar's Palace alone and decided to check out "the best nightclub in Vegas." There was a ridiculously long line and then the VIP line (which had about 5 people in it). I didn't have any VIP pass of any kind, but they just let me in anyway.. . The bars were too crowded to get a drink. The area for bottle service was tiny, and it was so packed that you could barely move. I was there on a weekend, so maybe my experience would have been better on some random Tuesday night (or if I showed up earlier with friends and got bottle service).. . A lot of times, I go to clubs and it's the same music over and over again with mediocre DJs. The DJ playing that night was actually fantastic, but as I mentioned before, the place was so packed lke LA traffic, I couldn't really dance.. . I had a couple of random guys who tried to touch me uninvited, but a couple of nice guys too. With how packed it was, it was pretty difficult to socialize. The interior was beautiful, and the dance floor was brightly lit, which I liked. . . Although there were good qualities about the club, it pretty much got canceled out by the amount of people there, so it ended up just being okay. I ended leaving the club not long after I arrived, and went to a nice lounge in the hotel.
Get yourself a 7&7 and go up to the top.
Um, Where is the LINE!?!? . . My friend and I came 20 minutes early (opens at 1030) and were excited that we were on the VIP list, so we can skip the line. Buuut wait a minute. What line!?! One of the bouncers checked us in with his niffty ipad, but also checked people all around us too. We were all standing in no particular singular line, but rather a huge mob crowd surround the area. Even people who were standing around us, came up to me to ask me if I knew where the line was. No line(s) were apparent. I've never seen so much disorganization! Therefore, what was the point of a VIP/GA list!? Plus, when they started to let people in, it was a mix of confusion as were were standing in front, but somehow people came from no where were able to squeeze their way over. Anyhow, luckily we were standing in front, so we pestered one of the bouncers and he kindly led the way for us. . . I love how Pure is very classic--with white couches/walls enhanced by deep blue lights. Gives it a different atmosphere than XS for example. The dance floor on the first floor was somewhat small, but it was popping! The DJ played mostly hip hop/pop/today's hits, while upstairs (MUST CHECK OUT!) was my favorite. An open air space rooftop overlooking the strip. However, up here the DJ plays only house music. There wasn't as much (or any) people dancing to house, but I still enjoyed it and the fresh air. Also, you are bound to meet someone to dance with. Guys creep up out out of nowhere, so be aware.. . Drinks were not strong at all, and was expensive. Plus, those tiny Fiji water bottles? $7. What the...!? (Yes, even though it's Vegas that's still ridiculous). . . I would give it another star if it wasn't for the messy disorganization of the lines and getting in. Overall, it was a party downstairs, and a beautiful view upstairs. Would recommend at least checking it out once.
August 2010:. . This place is huge.  My sister and I were able to get in with no cover.  It was an early Tuesday night so the place wasn't as packed as I would've liked it to be so I wouldn't feel retarded dancing on an empty dance floor.   . . The venue was really large and separated into different rooms for those who've had reservations for table service.  There were small, tall tabletops littered around the dance floor to hang around and put your drinks down.  They were claimed by people pretty quickly, so I'd suggest you haul ass and claim one if you can't afford to reserve a table.  It wouldn't make the situation any better since there weren't any chairs to ease your aching feet.. . The dance floor was relatively big and filled upquickly.  The lighting was pretty great; you'll have your soft hues of white, pink and whatnot.  I really liked the white theme the lights gave to the venue.  Clean and crisp.. The music was bumpin'!  Great vibe going on throughout the club so I enjoyed that a lot.. . Drinks here were watered down (typical in any Vegas nightclub)  and pricey so I couldn't get a nice buzz going throughout the night. . . My sister and I were able to stumble up a flight of stairs to the balcony/patio area.  There was a bar in the middle of everything and  reserved tables situated along the perimeter of the area.  There was a great view overlooking the strip from up here, but other than that, nothing special.  . . The bouncers in the club are quite forward.  Blech.. . It's an okay place.   I had fun.
This club is only good on Saturdays. This review is for FRIDAY and YES depending on the day that you go there is a HUGE difference. . . Was in Vegas over the weekend and my sister was DYING to go to PURE. I think its becuase on our past trips to Vegas PURE was the BEST but only SAT nights. We had some good times here and there is usually some great eye candy.  . . This time we decided to try out their Friday night. It was an awesome SKY deck that overlooked the strip. I'd give the scenery 5 stars but 3 stars for the overall environment. It was a friggin SAUSAGE fest...they must have let dudes in for free. More guys then girls by far but not very good eye candy for the lookin' lady. Kinda gross creeper lookin dudes. I'd stay away. We left after 20 min as it was very difficult to even get a drink--only one huge very crowded bar in their outdoor area. Thier indoor section was closed but is much better bar service and very cool decor..very miami lookin.
Didn't really see much of the inside except that it was super packed! Went straight up to the roof. Beautiful view of the strip. Most of it is for VIP's with couches and cabanas... I'm pretty sure there were some people getting lucky in them, but I tried not to look... It was more of a laid back/hang out setting,lots of techno music which isn't really my thing. For two beers it was $18, not too bad... I love beer.
I spent maybe 30 mins here bc it was the end of the night and my friend was pooped, I on the other was ready to party my ass off it is VEGAS after all. The set-up is kind of weird, but I got my groove on and thats all that matters. The music was good and I liked how the diff areas had diff music. IDK if I would go back, but overall I had a good time.
I'm not usually one to be out at a club on a Tuesday night, but when in Vegas, right? . . We had a really fun time, but like one of my colleagues said, there's only one way to do Vegas...throw a lot of money at it. To me, bottle service with a reserved table (so we could comfortably take breaks between hitting the dance floor) and not having to wait in line is what made this the evening that it was. And no waits at the bar/weak drinks either. . . The dance floor was crowded and they were playing every song that makes you want to move. There were plenty of spilled drinks and my shoes are a bit of a mess, but such is life. This is not something I would do if I felt like I had to wait to get in, pay cover, and fight to get drinks.
Argh... Like most clubs in Vegas, there's always a line. *sigh* . . Since I usually party in Vegas with a large group of girls, we normally don't have a problem getting access to the clubs. But for this particular occasion, we were in a mixed group with a 2-1 ratio. Yea... since we had guys with us, we had to stand in line FOREVER. . . The guys finally got fed up with standing in line, and gave the bouncer some $ to get in. Whatever... . . Venue is huge. I spent most of my time at the main dance floor, but made my way toward the PCD Lounge later in the night. . . Overall, it was a fun evening... Nice big venue with lots of area to explore.
I finally had the opportunity to visit Pure this year after a long time of wanting to check it out.  Honestly, I did not know how to rate Pure.  I wish there was a 1/2 star option so that I could just put it right in the middle.  . . My experience had both positive and negative aspects.  So with that, I will do what I can to list them out.. . Positive: Got in right away at like 1am to meet up with my friend's table service.. . Positive: Nice layout on the rooftop area.. . Positive: Really cool security guy who went up to the rooftop area after it closed (at 2 am Lame) to grab my jacket because I left it at my friend's table.. . Negative: The rooftop area closes at 2am? Really, you couldn't stay open until the end of the night? Weak.. . Negative: Music is gear towards an older crowd.  It isn't bad, but it definitely feels like oldies = goodies night.. . Negative: As with the music, the crowd is a bit older.  I am not hating on the old folk, it just isn't my scene to be clubbing with older (40+) folks.  It feels too much like running into my parents or aunts/uncles at a club... and that weirds me out.. . Negative: Main floor layout is not as wide open as it could be.  Too many roped off areas and raised cabanas/tables really restricts the flow and feel of the place.. . If you are looking for the Vegas experience, I would recommend going elsewhere (like XS or Marquee).  If you are down for some old school music, come to Pure.  Overall, not impressed but not disappointed.
MDW, started at Tryst, but they were charging guys $100 to get in. The guys did not want to do that...so we went to Pure, where one of our friends said he could get us in for free.. . I've been to Pure two other times...let me re-phrase that, I've stood outside of Pure two other times. Both times, all I've witnessed was a large crowd of people. No sectioned off lines, just large masses of people. Okay, well the last time I came to this club was in 2006, so obviously nothing has changed.. . Anyways, back to presentday. There were 8 in our group. We waited about 45 minutes. 5 people from our group got impatient and decided to leave and walk the strip. As soon as they walked away, the three of us remaining got in. Okay, so we had to wait another 10 minutes while people whined and complained about how much cover was. But all three of us were comped, so I didn't complain.. . We got inside and the first thing we did was head to the bar. One kamikaze shot and one long island, $24. I should have just gotten two long islands since they were only $3 more expensive than the shot.. . I understand that it's one of the busiest weekends of the year in Vegas. I understand that it's going to be crowded. We made the best of the evening, even met a couple nice girls who were trying to avoid the creepers just as much as we were. Apple from the Black Eyed Peas was spinning, so that was pretty legit. . . Since I didn't have to pay...I gave it another star than I would have. I probably would have been pissed off if I had to pay to get into this place. You can tell it's an older club...they don't enforce dress code as strictly as some of the newer clubs. There were a lot of dudes up in there. . . And it still amazes me that they don't rope off sections so that people stand in a "line". It would drive me crazy to just have a crowd of people standing around with no rhyme or reason, if I had to work there. They've been doing the same thing forever now, I just don't understand why they wouldn't make it more organized...it would probably make all of the bouncers/vip hosts/cashiers lives much easier. But whatever, they must have reasoning for it. . . Another Vegas club I can "check off" of my been there-done that list.
got in free before 12am one wkend - the club is smaller than i expected like the dancefloor which is weird & crowded at times and hot lol theres other VIP rooms but the decor is nice
I've been to multiple clubs in Vegas, and Pure isn't one of my favorites (it's towards the end of my list, along with TAO). The wait wasn't a problem since we were on the promoter's guest list. Guys and girls all got in free, but no free drink tickets like other places give (and no open bar for girls before 11:30 either).. . The actual venue is a small dance floor on the 1st floor with bottle service scattered around. This is PACKED. And the bathroom is inconveniently located in the back left corner, so you have to walk through the dance floor to get to it. When I went, I think someone threw up on the dance floor cause a horrible stench lingered around one area... gross. If you go upstairs (stairs or elevator), there's a rooftop which is pretty cool. There's also a set of bathrooms up here. It's nicer up here cause it's not as crowded, so more cool. There's another bar up here and more bottle service scattered around.. . If you need a water, they're gonna charge you $8 for one. You can usually get a really small free water cup if you are persistent enough and look like you really need one, but otherwise, be prepared to shell up money for one.. . The music was pretty good, though the upstairs and downstairs were playing basically the same type. It would have been nice if they switched it up on one of the floors. . . I probably wouldn't come here again.
Got in for free on Thursday night. The music was honestly the BEST when no one else was on the floor. So that's why it was just me and my girl dancing on the floor. The moment the hip hop came on, it was mixed so badly that i just was annoying.You couldn't really get into it to make much of a dance. But very nicely decorated and $15 martinis!
I found the experience of Pure Nightclub to be a little lack luster. I went with a group of people from the Peter Lik Gallery into the VIP at Pure and although it was a great view of the town from the roof top of Caesars Palace it was honesty kinda boring. Most of the other people who were at the club just sat around staring at one another. I did see a couple of celebrities which was fun but other than that not very impressive. . . The drinks were very overpriced and table service was insane as well. In addition, the dance space was very limited. It was mostly just a bar and a series of walk ways outside of the VIP Lounge. In the VIP Lounge there was a wonderful fire pit though that we enjoyed very much. We spent the majority of the night on the couches chatting with the other VIP's rather than dancing. Also, it took a long time for the club to fill up which kind of gave me the impression that it was not the best place to be on a Friday night.. . On a positive note, the music was very good. I had a great time listening to the DJ.
Been here twice now.  This past Saturday night, we had just come from Tao so it was definitely better.  They played hip hop and R&B downstairs and house upstairs.  The view was beautiful.
Came here with a bunch of girls and a couple of guys on a Saturday night... we were on a promoter's guest list and had no trouble getting in (no drink tickets though). The place was super packed inside, and it smelled like vomit on the main dance floor the whole night which was disgusting. We spent most of our time upstairs and outside, where there is more space but still dancing/bars/bottle service/etc. (and a great view of the strip!) . . Drinks are expensive, but most drinks in Vegas are expensive. I wish they changed up the music a little bit... there were 3 different music areas that I noticed and all were playing the same top 40 stuff... so I would go to one place, hear a song... walk around... hear the same song 2 more times... it would be cool if one area was like hip hop, the other was house... but maybe I'm asking too much. . . Overall, I had a fun time but it was more because of the people I was with more than the actual place. I don't hate the place, but I would probably rather try something new than coming back again.
huge crowd... dance floor packed..long lines
Cabs are here!  Cabs are here!  Ok, we were probably the last people on earth who've never been to Pure nightclub in Caesar's Palace, but we were so looking forward to a great time that instead of driving there, we decided to cab it.  (Quick Tip:  if you do drive, call to see if the Valet Parking is still open, otherwise get ready for a looong walk - ladies, you know what I'm talking about!). . As soon as we approached Pure, I was amazed at how popular this club still is!  Not sure if it was because it was LDW.  I was also amazed that Snooki from Jersey Shore was going to make an appearance (so her glaring banner said!)  I was ready for some fist pumping action!. . We got into Pure really fast because we were on the guest list, and I just felt my curiosity building.  I couldn't wait to see why this club was such the Studio 54 of the previous decade!  As soon as I stepped through the threshold, I was stunned, floored, flummoxed.  Pure wasn't all that!  . . The main room had low ceilings, cheap furniture, and no theme.  I thought the club was going to be pure white or something!  The other room was small with a projection screen that played hip hop music videos.  Yawn!  The ONLY cool thing about Pure was the rooftop with a nice view of the Strip.  Still, no continuity, style, or swagger at the club.  Maybe it was popular because the club is really spacious.  Either that, or that the drinks are only $10 here.  For a nightclub on the Strip, that's a bargain!. . So sad that the highlight of my evening was actually seeking Snooki dance from afar.  SMH!
On a Sunday night.... GUEST LIST &CUT THE LINE =win. walked to the bar and this lady bartender was rushing my cousins and I to order she even smacked the bar table said hurry up! damnnnn my bad. it was labor day weekend, EXTRA crowded. Like TOO CLOSE FOR COMFORT!! But the DJ was playingggg HIPHOP and upstairs on the balcony that overlooks flamingo, paris.. dj plays TECHNO. downstairs music was totally on point, i dont think i ever wanted to leave the dance floor. The layout was pretty:) White drapes made the club in "purity". Being so crowded, getting to restroom was a maze. So just an FYI, you can't go thru those that have a table to get to the bathroom. Bathrooms are behind the DJ booth. OH, one last thing, I made $11 from the falling bills that come from the ceilings randomly thru out the night!!!! cheers!
I honestly wouldn't go back to Pure. Yes, I had a decent time, but overall, I wasn't impressed. . . First of all, the location of the bathroom is terrible. You have to cut through the dance floor to go to the bathroom and fight through a bunch of really drunk, really creepy dancing men. . . Secondly, the decor is less than desirable. There was nothing special about it at all. The club is small and there is no distinguishable theme that makes it stand out in comparison to all of the other clubs in Vegas. . . I wouldn't come back. Nothing about Pure makes it any better than any other club in Vegas. Very underwhelming, indeed.
Pure had the lowest bottle service minimum on a Sunday night out of the 3-4 clubs we were interested in & since we heard good things, we made a reservation.. . PROS:. - DJ Casanova was awesome! He played club bangers all night long.. - Our server was really great; super friendly & very attentive.. - Bathrooms were very nice & there was never a line.. - Like I said, it was reasonably priced for VIP bottle service for Vegas. It was roughly $550 for a bottle of Belvedere that came with 4 different mixers, 8 bottles of Red Bull & 6 bottles of Fiji. . . CONS:. - We were originally told our table was going to be outside which is what we wanted. But when we got there they informed us the patio was closed & we'd be inside. Major let down since I heard the patio is really cool.. - The tables in VIP are really close together so you're kind of on top of your neighbor. This was a bit of an issue since the people next to us actually started drinking our booze since they were spilling into our area. . - Security guys were not on their A game; lots of people jumped over the couches into VIP. I also saw a chick jump over the couch to choke a girl grinding on some old dude. Thankfully once security broke up that girl fight, they started paying more attention.. . I'd come back if the patio was open or if we could sit in the raised level of VIP. Regardless, it was still a really fun night.
If you're planning on goinghere you there's basically 3 ways to get in. The easiest is obviously to get a table and if you can afford it, I suggest that way. You can get on the guest list, which I did. Or you can just get in the general admission line. Least desirable and will take forever.. . Ok...the guest list pile. Basically you are in a mass of bodies and you are just making your way to the ropes by putting yourself in any little open space you can. once you get up there you will talk to a guy with the guest list on an iPad and he will make it harder than it has to be scrolling up and down the list to find your name. Of course it is to your benefit to have girls with you, but we were a bachelor party of 7 guys. Not exactly the most attractive option so the door guy sent in a couple girls with us.. . After about half an hour of my arm pinned behind my back from being in such a tight space, we made it in. Everything was white, hence the name PURE. We got a drink downstairs and proceeded to go up to the rooftop before it got too busy. Pretty awesome view up there with cosmopolitan , Paris, planet Hollywood, bellagio, and others in the backdrop.. . Cheaper drinks than The Bank and a completely different atmosphere. I can't speak much for the indoor part but the rooftop was a nice change of pace. Id like to go back here but hopefully it will be at a table to avoid the guest list pile.. . All in all...it's worth a visit.
Minus one star for the pretentious cattle round up complete with confusiion about which line is the right one.  Minus one star for keeping no free seating. Understand bottle service is the standard now to get seating but no one had ordered it on this night and after 2am they really should let it go and open it up after that. There is no free seating no bar stool so I think they are being inconsiderate to clientele.  The music is great! Downstairs was hip hop and up stairs trance music. The crowd was fun and the atmosphere beautiful.
This was the least 'vegasy' club I went to. Theres nothing very special about it and the crowd seems pretty ghetto. The bathrooms are far and you have to walk past the dance floor to get to them.. . I actually had a ton of fun with my friends here, but the venue itself was just okay. Oh, they did have very pretty waitresses though!
Once upon a time in a city of sins, there exist a glowing palace called PURE.  ** I let out a big guffaw as I wrote this wondrous oxymoron **. . There was a time when this was THE place in Vegas for clubbing. All the celebs go here, the celeb djs spin here, the hot ladies of PussyCatDolls have a regular gig here. PUREwas the ish.. . I never had issues with lines or any of that bouncer issues, since a group of girls always gets free VIP passes and skips the line. Bouncer was friendly to us and everyone had fun getting down on the big dance floor where the late dj Adam Goldstein did his shit (yea it was that long ago). . No longer is this the IT club so I'm not sure what has changed but when in Vegas, I'd hit up Marquee or Tryst or Surrender.. . Maybe one would hit up PURE to cleanse their dirty & sinful souls?
Acceptable music, but an unacceptable amount of creepers. My group of six got in quick and free through the girls' line. The dance floor was super crowded, but at least there was no line for the bathroom (yes, this matters).
We weren't planning on coming here at all, but we got on a guest list so we decided we might as well come check it out. They told my friend he needed dress shoes (not a surprise as most Vegas clubs do) so we got a pair at Ross for like $30. When we came back at like 10:15, there's was already a pretty large "line" getting started so we got in what was told to be the guest list "line". The lines are just a mosh of people and is very unorganized. We were told the club would open at 10, but 10:30 they started letting people in; only people with table reservations. The thing that pissed us off is after them giving my friend a hard time for not having dress shoes earlier when we got on the guest list, they were letting people in wearing jeans, t-shirts, and trashy looking sneakers while my friend had on slacks, new shoes, and a dress shirt and that pissed us off. Then they didn't even let guest list people in but we got our way. . *****do this if you want to get in fast. You don't even need to be on the guest list to do this*****. get in the guest list mob, and while you stand over there get the attention of one of the promoters standing by the line. Ask them if they can get you in faster and they will cut you a deal and pull you out of line and walk you right in. The deal will probably be $30 a guy and girls free, dont think it matters ratio as we werre 3 guys and 1 girl and had no troubles.  We did this and we got walked right in without any troubles. . Inside the club, it was pretty cool looking. Lots of cool lighting and decent older hip-hop/rap ,mixed with some newer stuff. The bar has a super short wait and drinks and made fast and pretty strong and prices aren't too bad at $14 for an AMF. The dance floor though, is tiny, and the tables for bottle service take up a lot of room. We ended up getting lucky and snagged a table right across from the bar. It didn't have seating as it was for standing at but it ended up working well as we shared it with a group of girls for putting our drinks on and danced near the table so nobody else would take the table, and the dance floor was crowded so it ends up being dance wherever you want. Overall, I felt majority of the crowd wasn't very good looking, and there were a lot of Guido wannabe type people there. Honestly, I saw 1 good looking girl (who I asked to dance and we talked for a little) and then a few decent looking girls. If I had more to drink, maybe I would have found so,e better looking girls.  We ended up going upstairs to the outdoor part for a little which was a nice change and it was nice to get some fresh air. The bathrooms up there were nice and clean, which is a nice extra bonus. I had some chick spill her martini on my shoulder cause she was too drunk to walk and then tried bitching at me that I owed her a new drink which I found pretty funny. Maybe if you were better looking girl, it might have worked out better for you. . We ended up leaving around 2am as we got pretty bored with the place. On the way out we thanked the promoter as he was still out there and he asked if we were leaving already which we told him we were and he asked why which I thought was kinda cool. We told him it wasn't as good as we thought and he gave us his number and said to hit him up next time we are in town and he would hook us up. Not sure if I would be back though as I didn't really care for the people in the club and the overall venue. . . It is cool to say I have been there, but I would much rather go to marquee, especially cause it seems a lot more organized, has more room to dance, better looking people, and has more variety in music. Our original plan was to go to Tao or xs but we ended up at pure. It made a good end to our impromptu Vegas trip, but I won't go out of my way to come back
We went here to celebrate my birthday, along with other places. We met one of the promoters just outside the Caesars and he put us on the guest list. Like at other places, we got in free and were given free drinks. The music was comparable to other places, but I couldn't dance because my shoe was stuck to the floor - the floor was THAT sticky. The crowd here seemed a little more creepy than at others, but we still had fun. One of the girls I was with had been there before and said it was a better last time she went. It might have been an off night, so I would check it out if your looking for a cool place to check out.
Definitely an older crowd, which in someways makes me sad when I people watch.  I mean, I know its vegas but still...  it was pretty loud (duh) and the music was only okay. We stood on the outskirts for a few minutes and then decided to try elsewhere. Meh, not for me.
I love the layout he. Luckily we got in for free before midnight and that made my night! One of the things I hate about clubs is when I bump elbows because of the small ass space. It did happen here. The dj was jamming pretty good music. I feel like they play major upbeat, electro, house here. I lean towards the hip hop scene a bit more especially because I love to dance, but I made the most here at pure. There were older women and men here that we're basically old enough to be a mom or dad. VIP sections were off top too. I felt like there were hella women more than men. I just wished the music and the crowd was better.
The roof top lounge area is nice and fun to hang out and have fun in, but the lines to get in, even if you're on the list, is INSANE! The service is alright but if you're a lady, be prepared to get hit on by creepy men.. well I mean it's Vegas so I think you're already semi prepared for that! You are required to check your coats and the bouncers are not too nice.
Been here a few times, not the best club in Vegas but probably not the worst either. The rooftop is really nice if it's open. Went on a Sunday night and there were a lot of old people who didn't belong, a lot of the music wasn't great either (at least not for a club) Another time the rooftop was open, wasn't too busy but the view was really nice. The dance floor inside isn't that big, nothing special.
I really, really wanted to like Pure. I almost did. But the crowd killed it for me.. . This was longest wait we had in line for a club on this particular trip to Vegas. I think we must've waited 20 minutes. The line situation was confusing too - there were literally what looked like 10 different lines to get into this place. At one point, we left one line only to find ourselves in a new one. C'mon now - it's not Ellis Island or the DMV - do they really need THAT many lines?. . While waiting in line, though, I started to wonder just what kind of crowd we were going to find once inside, because there were some truly random people lined-up. There was a small group of men who looked to be about 60-years-old waiting to get in. There was a rather large woman wearing fishnets with a blouse but apparently she forgot to put on her skirt, because standing behind her, I got an eyeful of crack. Umm, what IS the dress code exactly? Do they even have one in Vegas? If I got an eyeful of crack, I can ONLY IMAGINE what I would've seen if she were facing me (shudder...!!) WTF?!. . On the plus, free cover, free drinks and the music in the main room was great. The rooms themselves were very nice. I especially liked the top floor, outside, as the view was great. But that area was mainly for bottle service and drinking - there wasn't really music up there or room to dance. But it was a good place to go to catch a breeze, grab a drink, and view the city.. . The main floor was where I hoped to stay and dance, because the music was good!! But the crowd was a MESS!!! Another club where they let too many people in, especially on the dance floor. All these people pushing onto the floor, then just standing there. Ugh!! You're taking up space people. If you're just there to drink, watch girls/guys and/or stand around, go stand by the bar!! Leave the dance floor for people who are there to dance.. . As it was, the people there were annoying. Does no one have ANY clue as to how to behave in a club? I swear, people come to Vegas and it's like they lose their freakin' minds, act like total divas and a**holes. I'm all for 'letting loose' a bit, but don't be a douche - especially you women!!! Ladies, be ladies - don't be a drunk mess spilling your drink and bumping into everyone as you stumble your way through the floor. All this pushing and shoving and BS nonsense. If you need to get by, say 'excuse me' and if you bump me, apologize. It's simple. But the crowd at Pure that night seemed clueless. It's like everyone wanted to get in, but then no one knew what to do or how to act once they did. LOL.. . We left a little let down. And the winner was waiting in line for a cab, witnessing a girl - obviously drunk - bent over and crawling on the ground, in her dress, while her "friend" chatted with some random guy, while guys in line snapped shots of her drunk friend with their camera phones. Umm, rule #1 ladies: when you're there with your girls, HAVE ONE ANOTHER'S BACK!! Don't let your drunk girl wind up a hot mess. BE a friend, HOLD her up and don't let her go down flashing her a** to strangers. I couldn't believe it, this girl letting her friend crawl around while she just watched her. I would NEVER let one of my girls go down like that...
I came here with a group and had bottle service. The drinks were nothing but skyy, pineapple juice, and cranberry juice. The dance floor was so packed that I could not go through the crowd when I got about half way in.
Not a bad experience....Well... I really don't know what it takes for someone like me who hates nightclubs to say something good about a nightclub... We went there on a Sunday night, no line, free for ladies, only $10 for guys, they only had the rooftop section opened. I know Pure is a huge club, but I am no fan of huge nightclubs, so a rooftop was good for me. :) . . We only stayed for like 1 hour, got 2 drinks from the bar, they were strong, and danced with a few sexy ladies like always. It was kinda fun, we had a good time. :)
This clubis alright. It was fun with the group of girlfriends I went with, that's why. The music wasn't bad and danceable. It gets too crowded, but for most of the clubs in Vegas it's like that. Me and my girls were lucky to run into a promoter because he gave us wristbands for free drinks! I loved being on the rooftop because the view was pretty. My favorite part about this club was when people were throwing dollar bills! I got some $$ from that. This club isn't so bad, but there are better clubs out there.
This was the best stop that Nite Tours provided!  Dug the music and the crowd.  There are separate rooms with different music.  The "white room" had a great vibe to it with folks getting down to the beats.
This club is small, super small. The last 2 times I went it was so freakin packed that i could barely move, let alone must a move. Its hot, and the music is so so. I can't rate it on the drinks because I couldn't even get a chance to order the bar was so small. There is a good deal of seat in the back, but as for dancing, dont go here, there are better.
This is a REAL review. Not those dry sounding fake reviews written by the staff themselves with fake names. . . I been inside Pure about 7 times so I feel I can put together a composite score.. . It lost one point for being average looking. Don't get me wrong, it was BIG, in fact, really really BIG, but the decorations inside was a yawn. It has a okay top floor patio but that is it. . . Do you wanna know how AVERAGE IT IS? Drink prices, average. Music, average. Space for dancing, average. Bathrooms, AVERAGE! Every damn thing about this place somehow... sits right on the middle of the scale. Any measurable score is... AVERAGE!. . Lost another point for having asshole bouncers and doormen after that law enforcement investigation got a bunch of their employees locked up for tax evasion.. . Comes from my last experience on Saturday, July 13th. First time I didn't even manage the get in. A whole lot of people ended up on the guest list, and the table reservation line, middle guest list line, and "off property guest list" line extended all the way to the doors of the casino. . . Turns out the guy I always used to mess with to get into the venue couldn't do anything for me. And I wasn't going to tolerate the bitchy lady with the clipboard.  Waited all the way until midnight, where the guest list must have a cover at that point.. . . Huge waste of time. Went to Moon Nightclub at the Palms instead. The guy over there told me he send a group of 17 girls to Pure Nightclub only to get turned away at the door.. . Whatever, you can't sell a "average" experience to a me by being a asshole.
Freaking nightclubs. They are the best. Or the worst. It depends on how you look at it. This one lies somewhere in the middle. . . We were on the guest list, and told by the promoter to arrive before midnight. We were there at 10:30 PM, in the guest list "corral" (it really isn't a line), and we were finally let in at 11:45. With that being said, the bouncers were alright asfar as bouncers went, and this isn't too hard of a club to get into, assuming you are on the list. Waiting the regular line probably would have been suicide, it was long as hell and didn't seem to be moving too swiftly. Of course, if you are a group of six hot blonde girls you are let right in, BUT they were letting fat and ugly people in too, so if that is your situation, and you are willing to wait, this is a club you can get into. . . The dance floor was alright, pretty big, but freaking packed, as popular clubs typically are.  Spilled drinks everywhere, and fools smoking cigs, which was kind of a downfall for me. Hard to get your dance on with some bro blowing smoke in your face on the dance floor. But it is a big club with multiple rooms, and a rooftop area upstairs. I like the variety at this place. . . But I don't go to a damn dance club for variety, I go to dance. And I gotta say the DJ here (DJ Shift) sucked ass. Questionable taste in music, and when he was playing a halfway decent song, he would cut it out during a key part in the hook so that the annoying-ass MC could make stupid-ass comments on the microphone, fucking up the rhythm and making it harder to dance. Really lame, really really lame. I am assuming they don't let him DJ every night, but if it turns out that's the case I'd knock the place down to two stars. I can scratch myself in inappropriate places better then he can scratch a record. . . But hey, its a nightclub. Annoying drunk girls? Yes. Obnoxious drunk guys? Yes. Long lines? Yes. Loud music? Yes. Grinding like a mad man on the dance floor? Oh yes. . . As far as a nightclub goes, this place is OK. What the hell, A-OK. Three stars.
I've had great times at Pure.  I think it all depends on who you have bouncing in the front.  The first time I got in with no problem, no waiting and no cover charge on a busy night. We were all girls though. The second time it was just a hassle to get in.  We were suppoused to be on a list and we were told we werent.  They don't allow sneakers or so they say but there were several people with sneakers coming in and out of the club.  I will admit we werent over the top dress because we had just drivien six hours from Salt Lake City to come celebrate our friend's 21st bday. We were suppouse to surprise her but that got ruined with all the hassle we got.  My husband was wearing sneakers cause he forgot his at home from rushing so he hunted down some shoes.  Finally after an hour we got in.  They almost charged my husband cover charge but one of the bouncers was nice enough not to charge him since he showed his military id.  The drinks are expensive.  If you don't want to spend too much then get buzzed before you get there.
Arrived on a Sunday because our friend invited us for his birthday and he had a friend who worked there. So we got to skip the line and fee and go hang out in booth overlooking the dance floor. The decor was cool I loved the white roses on the table and the music was really good but had we not had the extra perks I wouldn't really return. The dance floor is so packed, how can you even move? we had to squeeze by too get anywhere. The drinks are crazy expensive and the bartenders were kind of rude. Better clubs to visit,
I came here for new years weekend with a couple of my girls and it was packed!! There hip hop dance floor was packed but another room that was playing house music wasn't as bad. I love the interior and the drinks weren't as expensive as the place I went the night before. The only reason I didn't have to wait in the LONG line was because I was able to get in touch with a promoter to get us on the guest list.
I had to use the bathroom and there was no way I was waiting in the long line even though I befriended some girls towards the front of the line who would've let me in if I wanted. I decide to go to the casino and go to and use those bathrooms and them come back in. Good plan very proud of my self. The only problem I saw with this club is the set up. It was like a maze to get back to my table which was outside with a view just beautiful.  There was too many stairs and lefts and rights. I was like good thing I am not too drunk or this could be a mess. I made it back ok in a timely manor but couldn't believe the stairs and turns it took to get there. I recommend this club though it was beautiful and fun.
This nightclub is definitely a good place to go to on a Wednesday night when all the other nightclubs are still closed for the week. . The gals and I stayed at the hotel during our trip so we were told we were able to enter withoutpaying the cover charge, but we still had to get the wristbands for the drink specials. There was not a line, so we entered without a problem. The dance floor is semi-spacious. The DJ plays the right type of music if you are into hip hop. We tried requesting for some dance, but that was a no-go. But then again, when you are with a fun crowd it doesn't really matter what music is playing, right??!
We got in here thanks to Chris hooking us up. It's a really pretty club and I would have loved to hang out inside more, but someone throw up some where in the club making the whole club smell horrible on the inside. Which is really unfortunate, because I really wanted to hang out inside. Outside was pretty awesome though. The view was amazing! There's not a lot of space to hang out, like most Vegas clubs the way to go is through bottle service. Wish I would have thought of that sooner ( I also don't have money like that either!!!) Near the outside bar there was small area to hang out. The price for drinks is like any night club, maybe not quite as bad. I would have to say that the drinks were good though and they were quite strong. . . The music and the atmosphere is great here. You kind of feel like you are on top of the world and I really loved the over feel. If you are looking for a great place to start your night, I would have to say this place is a good starting club before moving on to something a little bit more crazy!
Got into Pure around 1am and the place was packed.  They have a main dance area that's decently sized as well as a side bar area that plays different music.  The DJ was playing music back from 2000s and working his way up to today's hits which was awesome.  . . There is a huge patio area upstairs that plays music and has a smaller bar.  The view from up here is pretty awesome.. . Overall: Good music, good patio, good place to spend the night.
Memorial Day Weekend review:. - Drinks $14+. . PROS. - Nice view of the strip. - Seating available for tired dancers (if you ask nicely). - Closes at 5am- how it should be everywhere!. - Danceable mix of top-40 and old school hip-hop. . CONS. - On Thursday only the rooftop section was open (main section closed). - We had vouchers to get in free by midnight, but staff ignored us until after midnight, making free entry more difficult. - Didn't become packed until close to 1 or 2am
Pure is admittedly not one of my favorite nightclubs in Vegas with a flawed layout but if there's a cool guest DJ/performance or you just need a club to go to without having to pay too much of acrazy cover, it's not a bad alternative (plus I have to admit, most of my crazy Vegas stories have come from here oddly).  . . I came at 9:45PM and was near the front of the line (although I saw the line quickly fill up behind me).  At least waiting in line isn't too bad since you do have entertainment on the side with the Pussycat Dolls dancers' table pretty much a couple feet away.  Cover was pretty cheap - around $20-30 if I'm remember correctly and had my name on the guest list.  . . Inside, you'll have two floors - the main dance area below with another room mainly for drinking.  You then have an upstairs area where you'll have to walk up two flights of wide stairs (or an elevator) and get to an outdoors area.  The outdoors area is nice although dancing is fairly minimal here for the most part.  The bottom area is the main area to be.  However, unlike most of the other clubs, the DJ is off to a weird corner so the club is more dictated by the people than the DJ (if that makes sense) - definitely makes mileage vary even more than usual. Navigating around the club is also a little strange with tables kind of dabbled around the dance floor in a weird configuration. Drinks are pretty standard fare price-wise/taste-wise although the bartenders were pretty nice.  Coat check is also available for about $10.  . . Interestingly enough, though, even with some of the oddities and the lack of energy of the crowd, there's a lot of fun to be had as long as you can find the right people there in both the DJ set and the audience.  One of the nights I was here, I not only got to help crowdsurf one of the members of Far East Movement - I got to even shake Ryan Nigahiga's hand which was only the start of that crazy night.  . . So sure, Pure is a strange club to navigate around and you're not going to get the crazy, excited crowds you'll get at something like Marquee but as long as you either find or are with the right people, there's fun to be had here.
Went on a Tuesday night. It didn't get packed until around midnight, but still had a fun time. The music was good, and there was a nice atmosphere to the place. My main complaint is that unless you're vip, cant get a seat anywhere. After dancing for hours, wanted to sit down but couldn't. The roof was a highlight, just wish it had opened sooner to non-vips.
Pure nightclub is a great venue. It's not my favorite spot in Vegas, but I've never had abad time here. The club's layout is kind of all over the place. Seperate rooms and an outside patio that's upstairs. The place is massive. I would definitely call it a megaclub. The music here is usually a mix of top 40, unless their is a DJ or specific artist of a certain artist. . . Pure is fading into the oblivion of Las Vegas' past. It is not new in the game and really doesn't have a lot to offer that these newer, state of the art clubs have. I think it's time for a re-vamp. . . Still an okay place. Not first on my list, definitely not last either.
I did go to Pure on a Sunday night when the cover charge was $20 and open to the public.. . It's not a great place to pick up girls since everyone seemed to be in groups and/or coupled up.  The age ranges were diverse as well as ethnicity mix.  They had VIP type bottle service tables roped off, but that just made the place seem even more odd for a Sunday and a limited area to navigate around. . . The music was good the night I went.  Not too much EDM, but some solid crossover hip hop and dance pop you'd hear on the radio and recognize, so music for the masses.. . I think going clubbing seems to be something that is better in large groups with mixed genders (guys, bring your own girls, even if just platonic gal pals), as it's tough to penetrate the inner circles of girls who are not of the mindset to meet guys.. . I'm sure this club changes daily and depends on the night you go. . . On Sunday, the inside area wasn't even open, so Pure was only open on the outdoor portion of the club.  In full stride, when every portion is open, including the indoor area, I've been to Pure (for a private party) and it's a decadent venue.  If only the rooftop area is open, it's no different than a free public rooftop bar you'd see and get in for free in any major city.
Great ambiance, but the music was pathetic... . it was that typical hip-hop crap! We left after 20 minutes, which is really too bad cuz not everyone likes hip- hop you know!  I would think a fancy Club like that shouldn't degrade itself by playing ghetto hip hop music, so that was really too bad.  :(  5  stars for the look of the club, a 1 for the music...Average:   3) also the upstairs with closed off and no one was allowed to go up there. We were informed that it was a two-level club and was looking forward to seeing the 2nd level, so that was a disappointment as well.
I don't know. I've been here when it was kind of crowded and when it was packed. It's more fun to me when it's not wall-to-wall people, the way it's set-up. . . The tables they have roped off on the sides of the dance floor don't make sense to me. When it's packed, people tend to lean against the back of the couches or sometimes sit on them and security gets upset. Obviously I learned this the hard way, but good luck trying to regulate that!!
