This is the go to spot for late night meals when we have a rental car and cruise over to Spring Mountain.  We've probably tried it all here.  Pho, entrees, congee...never had a bad experience. . . Love getting the spring rolls w/ lettuce wraps.  Not sure why more don't serve it like this w/o having to ask.. . It's convenient, open all the time and hits the spot.
We got there around 1am for late dinner.  The servers are nice but they are way toooo busy for us.  We waited more than 20 mins before we can order.... i was starving!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  gosh.... . . overallthe food is alrite... but i'm glad they opened almost 24/7...
Still not a big fan of their pho or service, but I have to admit there are quite a few dishes that I enjoy here and how can you not give them an extra star for the name alone. . . I go here on occasion and I actually quite enjoy it.
Boo! I'm very disappointed. I LOVED Pho-Kim-Long back then. I came back recently, and I don't know what happened. Changed cooks or something!. . My to-die-for pork chop with rice has completely changed flavors. I'm..just...sad. And this time, we didn't have a car, so we had to take a taxi there. It pretty much ended up being a $20 meal for a rice plate. Not worth it.
We came here after a night of clubbing with a pretty big group of people.  (Yes, I believe it's 24-hours). Love that we didn't have to wait for a table.  The staff was very patient with our group, considering we were so loud and annoying.  Food didn't take too long.  I ordered egg rolls and a chicken and rice plate that was shown on the menu. It tasted alright, but I felt like it was such a rip because the pieces of chicken were so small! I was still hungry after, even with my egg rolls. Besides that, the establishment was clean and like I said, we were pretty annoying so luckily they didn't kick us out.
We just get sick of spending $150+ on every meal in Vegas so we go here to help ease the pain in our wallets a little bit.. . Even though there are a lotof pho places around, the competition didn't improve the taste of the pho. I barely touched my bowl because it just tasted bad. I like the egg rolls and dumplings. I have had dinner here several times and most of their items are tasty so its depressing that their pho is crap. . . As far as authenticity goes, if you go back to Vietnam you have to eat on a little table with flies every where if you want real pho. So just be happy the place is clean and there is some sort of service. Its good for your average filler meal before you go out and spend a bunch of money on some celebrity chef restaurant.
The name alone makes you wanna come into this place. The name is hilarious!. I've been coming here every time I go to Las Vegas.. The best thing is that it's 24 hours and it's cheap.. But it's not the best pho in town.. If you want a decent place to eat cheap and late night with a group of friends, eat here.. It's only 5 mins away from the strip.
Great service and friendly staff. If you'd like to get off The Strip  to find some good food and save money --- this is the place to be. Their restaurant is very clean and spacious. Their pho was good and their rice plate with grilled porkchops wasn't bad either. Tried the chops with their seasoned rice (garlic fried rice) and it was just scrumptious.  They give you plenty. We also had their fried spring roll which you roll up in lettuce and dipped into the fish sauce. Yummy!!!. . When we come back to Vegas we'll come and definitely eat here again.
Ah china town...nice casual spot for late night quick(really quick)bite.. We started off with tsing tao beers, and shrimp spring rolls. Clean and simple, but I've had better peanut sauce that comes with it. The sauce was pretty much like sweet peanut butter paste..yuck. Luckily, the usual sauces that comes on table, made a quick fix. . Second, the pad thai was yummy. We got it not too spicy and also w shrimp. Good choice.. Lastly we tried the fried seabass. I think ill stick w japansese style fish. I just think that's more my style. I really wanted a hot tea, but felt like after all the hustle and bustle to get our order in, and that lack of attentiveness post order, I felt it was best to just go. Overall it was ok.!
Originally, we wanted to eat some Thai Style Noodle House.  To our dismay, they were closing in 10 minutes when we arrived.  So, off we trecked to the next Asian restaurant and landed in Pho Kim Long.. . One thing about this place is that it's open 24 hours a day and I was informed that they are the only pho place that has these hours.  Please correct me if I'm wrong.  It was my bf, and two of our friends who shared this experience with us.  I never really know what to order from here so I had our friend order for  me.  .  . When the bowl came my way, I was very excited as I'd never had it before.  I believe it was pho with some kind of beef balls.  There were other meats in there but I forgot to ask what type it was.  The broth was good without the extra sauces that people normally put in there.  When adding the bean sprouts, mint, and jalapeno's the kick it gives is a whirlwind of pleasures in your tongue.. . My boyfriend ordered the fried rice.  The color was somewhat orangey-yellow.  We've never had anything like it.  Per our friend, the way it's made is the cook adds just the yolk to give it that sunshine color.  It's definitely different but I can't say I'd order it for myself in the future.  The other dish we had was a spicy tofu.  That was really addicting.  Normally, tofu doesn't blend well with anything because of how bland it is.  But, they added the right amount of spice to give it a pleasing taste.. . The atmosphere of the whole restaurant was very relaxed.  Most people come here to sober up after a wild night at a club or bar.  It only makes sense.
I didnt realize that this place would have such a huge menu. . get the SEA BASS!!!. we also had the noodles which were ok. mongolian beef was spiced just enough.. seafood dish was good.. . best bet is to get the sea bass and another random entree, the menu was so big i couldnt get everything i wanted, but everthing i wanted was good!. . didnt try any of their soup dishes, but i did see alot of people order them. ide use quick tips for that.. try this place out, you might love it/you might think its mediocre, from some of the other reviews, this seems like the trend.
Food here is good. It's a 24 hour restaurant. We had the #16 and #20. Will definitely be back. The place is really busy. We were in there around 11 and it was packed. As we were leaving there were folks lining up to get in. They have so many items on the menu.
The environment gives this place an Orange County feel, it almost made me forget that I was in Vegas!. . They have a wide variety of options for you to choose from on their food menu. Aside from pho, they offered bun bo hue, chao, banh xeo and even some rice plates and many more!.  . I went with a small pho ga with white meat and sadly give it a 3 stars due to lack of taste in the broth and stinginess on the chicken! . . Service is a-okay, prompt with getting our amenities and refilling our ice waters. . . I will surely return to this restaurant to try other dishes, like the banh xeo and chao. happy to have found this side of Vegas :))
Are you drunk?. . Yes, this place is good for you if you're drunk and need to sober up. This place is open 24 hours a day and take credit cards with no minimums. The pho is alright, it's not that raging. . . I would defo come here since other pho places has a credit card minimum or they close early.
Pho Kim Long (LOL, even though I'm Vietnamese, I still can't help but laugh when I hear those words. I'm juvenile, I know.). . This place has been my life saver for all of my Vegas trips. All my nights in Vegas are filled with a blur of major partying and drinking, while my mornings are filled with puking my brains out. Although I don't want to eat anything when I'm that hungover, I gotta say that Pho is the best cure.. . Don't expect Pho comparable to the likes of Westminster, but it'll do. Just order your pho, drink lots of water, and try to sober up for another night of drinking!. . PS: I heard it's open 24 hours, but I've never been here after the club. I'm too busy craving Steak & Eggs at that time! ;)
Decent food, nothing spectacular. Service is so-so, like any other chinese restaurant. We had about 10 different dishes, everything was ok and no after-the-fact rections so I guess that's a plus :) Definitely decent asian food in Vegas.
Pho pho pho. OPEN 24 HOURS! Yay.. . It tastes just okay. Nothing amazing or to tell others about. I was sad that they didn't have the shrimp-paste and comtam type dish here; I was seriously craving it more than Pho.. . However, you can't be picky about cheap(in an Vegas sense) pho. One day I'll find a better place. Oh, beware of terrible drivers that park horribly.
Not the best pho I've ever had, but this is the only place to satisfy a pho craving at 4am. After a night of dancing and everything else that comes with it, pho really hits the spot!! Even if the broth is MSG-laden.. . I will be back to satisfy a 4am pho craving, but most likely will not be back during normal business hours.
24 hr Pho!! Price is on the high side. Their Pho is just okay...but hey it's open 24hr. Good spot to grab a bite after a long night of drinking @ sin city.
If you are looking for quality pho.... the kind that you can buy for $4.95 in NYC or only a tad more in LA.... this is NOT the place. I have been here several times... many in fact... and it merely became a late-night 'hangout' where men ogle women after they get out of a nightclub. It can be amusing to spectate once in a while but if you want to find a place for great food and avoid potential creepers, I would try elsewhere ;). . . Some of their rice dishes are pretty good once in a while and their calamari is hit or miss. I have friends who always order the calamari... The prices aren't over-the-top, but once again, I am a spoiled New Yorker who's used to the best Vietnamese food being extremely cheap and convenient. . . The number one pro of this restaurant is the hours of operation. It's always nice to have an Asian restaurant to chill and eat at during all hours of the night ;)
Pho best hang over cure ever for vegas but limited on add ins like certain meats. Service is ok, but horrible for large groups. Their alright in my book, because every time my groups order is put in, our soup comes out within 5 mins, so not complaining.
This is one of my "Go To" places when I feel the need tohave some Vietnamese or just about anything asian cause it's all good, well actually the Pho is OK, not my favorite but just about everything else is really good.  The atomosphere is pretty chill.... It's a pretty big place but the service is fast and the food is always the way it should be.  My favorite is the shrimp/pork vermicelli bowls that they have... I think it's #24 on the menu, if you get a chance give it a try ;)  Also another thing I love about this place is that it's always open when I want to go, so another reason this is one of my "Go To" place for asian cuisine.
It was good but nothing spectacular. I ordered Pho noodles with beef and meat balls. Also, shrimp spring roll. The food came out really quick!
Another late night joint in Chinatown.  Actually, it's like Vegas.  It never closes.  #24 with an eggroll added to it.  That's what I get.  Staff can be difficult at times with so many people showing up but when you want noodles late at night at a decent price this is where you head to.
The foods were so so, not a WOW, but not bad for late nighter to grab something to eat.  Stop by at 6AM, Pho broth was a little water down, congee just average, but the Mi Xao Dong were good.  Maybe, will stop by next time in Vegas.
I went here with my brothers that love Pho.  I have never had it so why not try it.  We were a party of 10 and we were sat right away and service was great.  However I didn't care for the Pho.  I really am not a soup person.. My brothers who LOVE Pho and eat it on all their travels liked it, not loved it.  However the place was packed so I am sure it is good.  . I would have given it more stars but I tried the Pho and wished I would have ordered something else.  Pho is not for me...
if you want pho or vietnamese food in vegas then this place is cool. . nothing super special. but its decently cheap and off the strip. . . i hear its open 24 hours which is cool too. pho when youre drunk/hungover is the best.. . if you dont like pho, get the bo lo loc (filet minon cubes with white rice)
open 24hrs!! I ordered house special Fried Rice cost almost $10.00. Unbelievable!! Cost almost double compare to L.A.
This would be my restaurant of choice when I want pho in Vegas.  Having gone to Vegas quite a number of times, I've been able to try different pho restaurants and I will probably keep going back to this place for my fix, which would be after a long night of drinking.  It's nice inside and the pho tastes good!
Pho in Vegas?  Who would have thought?  And 24 hours?!!. . Coming off of the best pho I've ever had at Vietnamese Central in Westminster, Orange County, CA...  this place was flavorful, but not AMAZING.. . [=THE 411=]. I'm assuming if you're a visitor, you'll come here either for cheap lunch or for a late-night, post-clubbing chow-down.  I think this place will do it for either one -- as long as you're craving pho.. . [=SERVICE/WAIT=]. We came in with a group of 10 for a late-ish lunch.  Parking wasn't too hard, even though the lot was pretty full.  They seemed pretty busy too, but we only had to wait 5 minutes or so to get seated, so that was surprising.  Waters came out quickly, so OK on the service.. . [=THE FOOD: PHO=]. Pho is definitely the thing to get -- cheapest for the most food.  I had one of the pho with three cuts of meat.  It was a little salty and I wish they had more noodles, but no other complaints.  I wish they had given more bean sprouts and basil for our large group, but I'm sure we could have asked and they would have gladly obliged.. . [=VERDICT=]. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here next time I visit Vegas unless I was specifically craving pho -- but chances are, I'll get something better/more expensive, or cheaper/closer.  If you're only visiting Vegas for a few days...  why get something you can get anywhere else?
I remember eating at this place before leaving Lost Wages. The server had these sunglasses that was hanging off of his face , kinda like the guy that was playing Dracula in Bram Stokers Dracula with Wynona Ryder in it. . It looked like if his face wouldve caught the fan the glasses wouldve fell right off haha.. . He looked ridiculous.. . The pho was ok, the goi coun was ok, the service is typical Asian.
The food was okay, no cilantro or mint in our fresh rolls or noodle bowls (disappointing) . Ceramic plates and bowls weren't very clean (that bothered me) . Extra points for the waiter telling the truth when asked about MSG in their broth!
Great place for good food, quick. The best for late night eats after cruising the late night haunts. Always packed, great looking people. I would like to rate this place a 4, but my last trip ended with a local kid, driving a far too big Escalade tagging my side door. Security at the door, but they should have better security in the parking lot. Great late night place, but if you value your car, park with caution.
The pho here was really good. Portions were alright. I got the chicken pho  one day and the dac biet the other. Price was 8-something for a bowl. Don't get the special fried rice because two of my friends who ordered it did not finish it. Other dishes to stay away from are the salty fish fried rice and the porridges.
I always head to this place and get their Pho Tai (beef on the side).  I think this place is one of the better pho places in Vegas.  Like going here after a long night of partying and feeling hungover the next morning.  Their spring rolls = no bueno!  Just not up to par!!  They also lose points for not having raw beef salad.  I see many so-called authentic dishes on their menu but no bo tai chahn??  WTF?!?. . The restaurant is clean with many seating but can have long waits on weekends.. . Funny thing is when I call for a cab leaving the place...I always tell them the addy first...then they ask what's the name of the business...I go "Pho Kim Long" (that's what she said).. . This place should be a 3.5 stars...but no raw beef salad...3 stars!!
It is definitely one of the better Vietnamese restaurants in LV Chinatown. Very clean and simple decor. Definitely looks a bit fancier than your average pho restaurants, probably because it is in Vegas. Open 24 hours so that is a great plus! I guess it does have to be since it is again..in Vegas.. . The food was ok, i had their Beef Luc Lac (sauteed beef filet pieces in traditional Vietnamese marinade served with salad and rice). Now the meat was tender, but what i wish they did differently was served me some flavor rice. Most Vietnamese restaurants serve Tomato Flavored rice with their beef, this place just had plain ol steamed rice which was a bit bland and dry for me. . . Also i had one of their lemonade drinks, it was warm and only had a few pieces of ice in it. My parents had the pho, which looked and smelled good but they definitely looked small. My grandparents had the traditional Vietnamese dinner with stewed fish and sweet and sour soup. They loved it, so hey it must mean something.. . Anyways, go here for a nice change from fancy restaurants and buffet in Vegas! Never close!
The pho here was ALRIGHT. We came here after clubbing at Marque and I was content with it for Vegas. Although after sitting down no one came to our table for a really long time until we clearly made hand signals for someone to come and take our order. The soup was good I suppose, but not amazing. I figured it was Vegas and you get what you get in a tourist city. The one thing that bugged me was that they charge you $1 if you want your rare steak on the side...NOT EXTRA just on the side which didn't make sense to me. I ordered the beef balls pho and the menu said it was $1 for an additional topping so I asked for rare steak on the side (not knowing there was an additional charge for having the meat on the side in the first place) It was a regular bowl and when the bill came it was $10 dollars. In the world of Pho that's pretty pricey for a small bowl. I mean this place looks a little more "nice" then regular pho joints, but it definitely wasn't upscale. It just looked like a fast pace late night pho restaurant.
If you are a vegas regular , love vietnamese food, hungover and do not want to overpay for food on the strip go to PHO KIM LONG!. . The interior of this place is suprisingly "classy" inside (as compared to your hole in the wall pho place) and how can the name of this place keep you away?
At 4Am I couldn't pass the chance to eat pho at Pho Kim Long!. . I ordered the the #13, which is the combination pho. It was alright.  I was full off of alcohol that I couldn't finish my soup. haha. But no doubt it was a good late night snack.. . Service was good. They handled all the people that came after clubbing.. . I will be back for sure!
Not bad at all! I was pleasantly surprised! Restaurant had a nice ambience to it, clean and pretty spacious! Definitely not like OC pho places! . I got pho tai nam and egg rolls! The broth was pretty addicting and tasty! I figured out why a bit later: MSG. I'm a walking MSG radar because for some reason my body resists it and Induces all sorts of symptoms...headaches, itchy nose, eyes get slightly watery, and queasy feelings! I felt really sick so I had to stop eating it.. . Egg rolls were really good, hit the spot for some reason! Probably hits the spot for everyone who goes to this restaurant. Pho is the remedy after a crazy, drunken night(s) and hangovers. . . Enjoy! :)
EH....... I'd prob only come here for a drunk after hours bowl of pho. We came here sober, in hopes to cure some of our hangovers with a tasty bowl of pho, but to our disappointment the soup was really off and a tad bit over priced, but of course non comparable to T.I's pricing.. but that's a whole different story. So, long story short... this place is not that great.
We decided to give this place try when we went to Lee's sandwiches. It's a Vietnamese restaurant, but the menu is mostly made up of Chinese food. We ordered curry chicken and pork chops on rice and as always some eggrolls with fish sauce. Food was not too bad, services is very typical of Asian restaurant. But I am impressed with the business hours, it's 24 hours! I think I'll make this my destination if I ever need a place to eat when I party too late.
after a night of partyin with my boys they wanted to hit up this place. wouldnt have been my choice, but ehh it was good. i had a chicken noodle green onion plate that i like  a lot..but its just not something i would prefer after a night of drinking.  maybe something id rather have before partying.. i love sriracha .
This place has a decently large bowl of pho.  You get alot of meat and noodles.. . the soup was kinda bland in comparison to places in Westminster or any other place in California with a large collection of Vietnamese people.. . But its in the Las Vegas China town how can i complain.. . Its decent.
This is a fast paced Vietnamese place. I wouldn't necessarily consider it a restaurant. It's clean, but can be crowded because of the tight spaces between the tables. The creepy bathrooms need improving. I only go here for rare steak Pho. However I have tried their steak & broccoli, & it was yummy. Their Pho is good, tastes like any other Pho noodles. The service isn't golden. & the staff is pretty slow to respond. Fast chefs, slow servers. Overall, they have the best Pho place name & is open 24/7! The only Pho place I go to cause of the fast pace food & decent pricing.
We were looking for someplace late night, holiday weekend. We found ourselves in Chinatown. My husband suggested we try it, I think we had been once before, and had enjoyed it. . . Tonight, it was crowded and very busy, big table across from us with loud and noisy group. But we had excellent service. We started off with the fried calamari, it was crispy and very well seasoned, perhaps a little to well, slightly salty. . . We also got a noddle House Special Pan Fried Noodles. it was very good, flavors that work well with the chicken dish we had, I don't recall the name, but it was good. We also tried a sauteed beef with oyster sauce. I enjoyed it all. . . The menu is expansive and had alot to offer. With the service fast and attentive and the food good, definitely recommend it!
I tried and will, in the future, pass on the spring rolls, "house" fried rice, and tofu Pad Thai. Decent decor, prices and 24 hours so I'm going to go back and find something good here.
Our last lunch spot before my friends and I flew home to the bay. . . It was a $12-$15 cab ride from the strip, $30 round trip?! . . Food was decent and price was cheap compared to Treasure Island Pho.  Not sure if I would actually go out of my way to come over to Chinatown just to have some pho here.  Service was slow, but the portions were huge.  They gave me so much meat in my pho that I couldn't even finish it .. . My friends ordered BBH and it didn't come with pork blood. That was the main ingredient! . . I also had the coconut drink , cause I was hungover. $5 for the coconut?! i could have gotten another bowl of noodles.  . . I will not recommend taking a cab , just to eat this pho. I rather walk over to Treasure Island and pay $15 for the same quality of pho, minus the cab ride.
Although I go here a  lot when I'm in Vegas be advised if you're white some dishes will be heavily 'sanitized' to suit  your perceived taste without asking.  For example,  on a recent visit I ordered the super combination pho (the one usually at the top of the list at any pho place) and it came without any tendon or tripe...and they didn't throw in more of the 'regular' meats to compensate.
This place is NO BUENO. The only good thing here is the young coconut... Slurp that one up and it's delicious. Next time I come here I will only get that.... . Ok but to be brief, the service is sloppy. We ordered a beer and never got it. Still was on the bill. We had to flag our waiter down to order. Once our food was at the table, no one ever came to check up on us. . . The pho i overpriced, the broth is not very well flavored. I was not satisfied. To pull a restaurant name like this, much more is expected.
This place is a must after a night of drinking in Vegas. I stop here at least once when I am in town. The food is okay but definitely hits the spot every time. They have alot of selections which is a nice change if you are not in the mood for Pho. . . Service is fast so not to long of a wait. A bit on the pricier end but you are in Vegas so complaining is not an option.
The name says it all. Laugh out loud.. . $7.25 for rare steak and flank, small bowl. Broth was good and service was super quick!. . Right when you enter the restaurant, its packed and you can smell how good this place is. There is also a line. We waited for 30 min with a party of 11 on a Sunday afternoon at 1:00 PM after a night of mayhem at XS nightclub. . . Opened late night? Even better.
decent, but serioualy whose going to tell at 7 in the morning after a long night of work =]
"A-OK" is about right. It's the first pho place I've tried in town, and it seems pretty decent, but the bowl I had today doesn't quite match the flavor of restaurants back home in San Jose. Price is a bit much too, especially if you have a regular bowl (i.e. you don't ask for a large bowl or for the pho dac biet, which is inexpliciably #13 on the menu instead of #1). My pho dac biet also seemed smaller in size than a similarly priced restaurant back home. Even the basil is pretty skimpy compared to pretty much every decent or good place in California. The rest of my table wasn't too impressed with the food either. It's unfortunate... I wanted to like this place after hearing from some friends in town, but I guess I'll keep looking for a go-to spot for pho.
Great tasting pho noodles with authentic vietnamese broth and decent portions.  Open 24 hours, so perfect for early mornings after clubbing on the strip, or later during the day for that hangover cure.  It does tend to get packed though. . . PROTIP:  You must try the crab rangoons.  Although this is not a traditional Vietnamese dish, the ones they offer here are quite tasty!
Looking for authentic food, not too far off the strip, this place will hit the spot. You gotta visit just to "check-in" coz of the name alone. Took me a while to figure it out ;/ Busy, busy, busy but lots of seating. Customer service is average as expected. Huge selection and great for big crowds. Kinda smells and not sure how clean the place is.
Great for late night drunk food. Yes you have to drive or cab it here from the Strip but it's totally worth it. It's packed at 3 AM but somehow they were able to accommodate my party of 8 in five minutes.. . - open 24 hours. - food came out fast. - cheap ($6-$8/bowl). - able to do separate checks. - will call cabs for you after you're done eating
Came here for late night pho. Opened til 5am. Was pretty packed when our group came. Server was pretty accommodating and fast. We ordered, ate and paid in a timely manner. Was generous enough to split our check (not sure if they usually do this). Price was around $8 for Pho. They called us a cab afterwards.
A great run for some late night pho. Whenever I go to a pho restaurant, I tend to order the same thing - beef flank noodles and fried egg rolls - for a couple of reasons 1) they're the perfect match 2) comparison purposes. I gotta say it was just as good as Pho So 1 by Decatur and Spring Mountain. Service was smooth and speedy. I have yet to know (or so I doubt) that they replace their vermicelli noodles with the yellow egg noodles. till then, i'll rate it 3 stars up for now.
Pho Kim Long, Vietnamese with a Chinese menu.. . I've been to PKL a thousand times. Nine times out of ten, its 4 am and I'm really drunk. They're 24 hours and one of the few affordable restaurants close to the strip. But seriously though, food is supposed to taste better when your drunk, isn't it?. . PHO: Sometimes my soup comes a little greasy. On occasion, noodles are under-cooked and I feel like their beef and other fillings could use some improvement. Also, pho is served with "rare steak." So why is my beef tai 100% cooked when it gets to the table?. . CHINESE: I came here a lot with someone who didn't like Vietnamese food. He ordered off the Chinese menu because lets face it, who doesn't like Chinese food? The seafood combination pan-fried noodles and the beef stir fry with broccoli are pretty good. Entrees are usually served with steamed rice. The fried rice here is flavorless and not worth the $8. If you like Mapo Tofu, skip the mapo tofu here, it tastes strange!. . APPETIZERS: Spring rolls are pretty good. But they're raw and  you drench them in peanut sauce--can't mess those up. Egg Rolls taste good but they're unusually small... For the same price, I can get decent size ones down the street at my favorite pho joint. . . CREDIT CARD FRAUD: A day or two after one visit, I realized I never got my card back from the server. When numerous fraudulent charges came up, I had to assume a shady server swiped my card. They ordered things online and sent them to a local address. PAY CASH. Can't trust shady asians.. . SERVICE: The service sucks. It's god awful and when you really need water, don't expect them to give it to you on their own. Don't be shy, flag someone down and demand what you need.. . Nothing to rave about but not a bad place to eat when your wasted and in desperate need of food.. . Don't forget to RATE & FOLLOW! ;)
We came here mainly because it was cheap and it's open at 2am in the morning.. The pho and other vietnamese food was good.  Service wasn't spectacular but wasn't horrible.. . I checked in twice within 12 hours and became a yelp regular here.. . I like the pho at Pho So 1 better, so it's worth an extra mile drive.
I just come here for late night meals after work. Everyone from Vegas knows Pho Kim Long. This is why it tends to be the meet-up point for most locals. Always busy, but the food is eh. Nothing special at all. Seriously. Just an average pho place. Weird thing is that they fill their waters ahead of time in case they get busy. If I did that at my restaurant, I would get chewed out. I don't think it's against health regulations or anything, but it's just odd. Cheap, well-known, open late = keywords.
There aren't too many pho places near the strip. This one is definitely the most solid out of all of them. Don't even want to try the one at Treasure Island. It's like 15 dollars for a freaking bowl of pho!. . Anyways, Pho Kim Long has pretty solid pho. It's more expensive than your normal pho, but it's Vegas and when you had a little too much fun clubbing the night before, you can't complain. It's also open 24 hours, so it is quite convenient.. . I haven't tried their other food, but they have a huge variety on their menu, including sea food. So whenever you're hungover in Vegas, head over to Pho Kim Long.
I had such a bad hangover so I will review this in all fairness. . . I met up with some friends and we sat a circle table.  I know we ordered 4 coconut drinks and only 2 came out, so we asked for two more, next thing I knew there were two extras... go figure!. . I had the "pho" (beef noodle soup) which was a little bland and my husband had the "bun bo" (beef with rice vermicelli soup), Husband said, it was so tasteless and flavorless.  And I saw one of my girl friend bowl of "banh canh ( thick rice noodle seafood soup), she was squirting more and more fish sauce into her bowl, and she added salt and pepper too.  . . To be save, just order Pho when you come in from a long night of partying, it's soup, it's easy to go down.  Plus all our taste bud off.
Another perfect late night restaurant for after-clubbing munchies. I love pho at any time of the day! We were so thrilled to have found this place.  The price is a little high compared to other pho places.  The menu was full of Vietnamese, Chinese, and Thai dishes. The bowl was pretty good size, very tasty, VERY FULL OF MSG. I was thirsty for days. They definitely need to cut back on MSG. . . $7.99- Pho Ga (Chicken). $6.99- Pho with Rare Steak. $9.99- Shrimp Fried Rice. . Overall: I'll come back every night because it is open late, affordable, and satisfying!
Pho Kim long took a pho Kim long time to bring us our food.  Food was very ok.  Nothing to write home to mom about.... Would come here again because of the name....
the food is average and the service is  extremely fast. the food came so fast that i didn't get to enjoy a few sips of wine. ive came to this  restaurant many times just because its open 24 hours and amile or so from my house. if it wasnt for that, id probably would never go. the customer service is the worst ive ever experienced.
Going to keep this sweet and simple.. been here 3x and everytime the service and the food has been consistent. Consistency is good, but the food is average. I've never left here with a great impression besides WOW this place is crowded.. LOL. . . People tend to rave about the fried calamari, from a scale of 1-10, it's a 6 (fried garlic is sprinkle around the calamari, the dipping sauce is pretty good)
My first time trying Bun Bo Hue ever! Parking was easy, they have their own lot that is shared by other restaurants. The restaurant is very big and we were seated quickly. Service was a bit slow compared to the many employees that night. I felt like most of them tried really hard to avoid eye contact with their customers...I didn't like the Bun Bo Hue because it tasted kind of weird. Sort of like pho, but spicy... Their portions weren't big either. My bf and my dad had to order an additional rice plate to share and usually they don't need to when it comes to pho. Maybe it was a hit or miss. It was kind of pricey too. Perhaps, we should try another place for pho when we're in town.
3 1/2 stars. off the strip, but so worth it. One of the nicer pho places that is cheaper and can seat large parties. . . my pho was excellent-hangover food at it's best. . egg rolls-oily, and no flavor. . spring rolls-not that fresh. . also service was lacking. they messed up on our orders, we asked for tea 5 times before someone finally gave it to us. it wasn't even busy here. . . on a bright side, they will help u call for a cab to go wherever you need to go next.
24hr pho in Vegas? Definitely a need when you've had a few drinks for the night, which is why my friends and i came here. It's not too far off the strip, which is a plus and it's open 24hrs.. . Food wise i would say this place could do better, but it's not bad. The only problem i have with this place is when I ordered a Large Pho Tai i was given only 6 slices of meat (lol a large and all you get is 6 slices of beef??). . The prices at Pho Kim Long is a bit pricier than i'm used to for pho (around $8 a bowl), but since we were in Vegas I wont be complaining that much on the price. . Overall it was a decent experience and i would recommend anyone who has a hangover or is just drunk to try this place out
Good Pho especially for late night cravings.. It costs a little bit more compared to Pho So 1 but. I don't mind sometimes.. . Good atmosphere, very big restaurant with decently cleaned bathrooms.. The only thing to really complain about is their customer service.. I rate it as poor.. But then again, I never have high expectations of asian restaurants. in their customer service category.. The only best customer service at an asian restaurant I've ever had. was Sushi Freak and Mashisoyo.
Yay! Another decent Vietnamese restaurant.  Best part of this one is it's super affordable and open 24 hours!  I will say they are SO busy that sometimes the service can be slow but the prices are great and the food is really decent.  There are some small inconsistencies like - the first time I had the duck it was yummy.  The second time it was "ok" so you kinda gotta be careful of that.  But I always have the crab rangoon and it's delish.  As well as the Singapore noodles, seafood plate and beef pho soup.  I definitely recommend this place especially late at night :)
I'm glad this place is open late and has quick service.  I'm from California so I can't really say that any place in Las Vegas has good Vietnamese food.  But it's good enough for me here.  . . I'm not really into their Pho soups here because they don't taste the way I prefer.  It actually has a hint of sweetness, and not enough Pho flavor if you know what I mean.  It's different; hard to explain.. . I like to come here for the fried chicken appetizer, the spring rolls, fried egg rolls, and of course the Vermicelli bowls; you can never go wrong with Vermecelli because you pour the fish sauce in for taste!  I like the significant amount of vegetables they put in their vermecelli bowls - I like to think it's healthy!  . . I have a few friends that frequent this place and love it, but they never had Pho from my hometown, so they're missing out.. . Looking for a quick, decent Asian meal? Go to Pho Kim Long!
24 hour pho place.  Check.  Besides that, I really can't say that much about Pho Kim Long.  The decor is nice and there is a cool fish tank that definitely brings this pho joint up a notch, but the pho itself is slightly over priced and not that amazing.  Maybe I am spoiled having lived so close to Westminster for so long.  I am not saying that this is bad pho at all, I just was not impressed.  . . The second thing that bothered me was that it took forever to be served and to get our food.  Usually pho only takes a few minutes to get everything in the bowl and then it is in your belly in no time.  I felt like this was the longest pho meal ever.. . I probably won't be back anytime soon, unless I really really want pho and I can't find any other pho place to go to.  I expected more Pho Kim Long.  You let me down.
The go to Pho place wile you are in Vegas. Definitely not the same as the one in San Jose. The Pho is so so but what's to complain about when it's 4am and you just want some Pho... . The Pho broth is standard issue and the rice dishes are nothing to rave about.. Just eat the Pho to satisfy your craving for Pho and go back to your hotel for a couple hours of shut eye before you hit the pool
My friends and I came here to eat before we ventured back to California.....idk why we picked to eat Pho on a 109 degree day, but we did and the long wait didn't help since it was busy which meant other people were probably thinking the same shit as us eating on this hot ass day.. The pho is by no means the best nor the worst, it just hit the spot in filling our stomachs, nothing really stood out from this pho. I ordered the special (I forgot what it was called, but it had everything that was suppose to come in the pho). The bowl size on the special is the largest so the waiter won't ask which size you want. Price is whatever, some people say its high compared to other places in Vegas, I haven't been to any other, so basing it off from the prices in California, about a tad above average I guess.. The service wasn't bad, our drinks got refilled when we asked, we got our neccesary things.
I've been going here for so many years, we always go here the day after partying while in Vegas. It's the best thing for your stomach after all that drinking! The pho is decent  and the spring rolls, egg rolls, and spicy chicken wings are up to par. Can't complain I'm just glad they opened one up in Vegas. Wish they had one there 15 years ago... This place is a bit off the strip so you have to take a taxi there. Prices are normal prices, for Vegas. If you don't want to spend that much $ then you can always go next door and get some banh mi at Lee's Sandwiches.
So this review is on my last experience only.  I have been here many times and will write more reviews as time goes on.  One of the things that amazes me with this place is it is constantly upgrading subtle things within the restaurant the staff seamed happy for years but lately the natives are restless...  The staff almost seems stressed which I can understand because they have become too busy.   You can no longer walk in at anytime and sit down, they have a security guard at the door checking you in and taking you to the table.  The problem with this is he is not trained, at all.  We walked in and were ignored until another couple walked in and I spoke up and said "oh we were next"  he replied "oh"  I said "do you have a check in list?" he said "ahh..." I said "why don't you write our names on that and keep track of all the people? :)"  I am never mean and rarely rude or brash, this was getting close to my breaking point.. . So anyhow he seats us and man things happen fast from there it has always been fast but this was crazy fast.  Kind of stressed me out a little bit!  No greeting from the waiter just "are you ready to order?" "No but we will have a hot tea and a water" "ok be back"  he comes backs and we felt we needed to be ready at this point, we ordered and the food was being served within minutes.   So a plus for fast food and a minus for somewhat unregarded service.. . I had the very tame but oh so good Charbroiled Pork & Egg Roll with Rice Vermicelli (a cool salad perfect for 112 degree weather that evening (boy we are having a hot summer! :() My pork was perfectly done chared to perfection, my egg rolls were also perfectly done (but you can't really mess that one up right) my salad was fresh and my sauce was good as usual, however my noodles were stuck together and really hard to get apart to eat and mix into the rest of my dish.  I think this is a sad casualty of a really big and really busy place at this point. . . I am totally ok with hardcore asian waiters/restaurants and what not but this place has TONS of young, hip and many races and no longer has the excuse of "we are an old school chinese restaurant".  You want your favorite places to get busy but not so busy they lose touch with what and who got them busy to begin with.... . So I am giving stars for my food taking away for my stuck together noodles and taking away as well for the kind of crappy service from the front and the wait staff.  I will be back and will write about my next experience.  I hope this place can find the happy medium for making big bucks but remembering why and who you are making those big bucks from...
Pho Kim Long my relationship with you has been great in the past, but on my recent trip something was different, you've changed and I don't think its for the better.  In the past I enjoyed super fast service and everything seemed to be running like a well oiled machine.  On the night I last tasted their delicious pho the machine had thrown a gear, and was stumbling on at 76% efficiency.  .  I would be in the wrong to rate this restaurant on one experience, but I feel that this restaurant has been going in a bad direction for a little while now, and tonight was the culmination of its backwards inertia.  Although the food in not in question as I think its still great tasting and fairly cheap for what you get.  Service counts, and because its never been stellar per say (the waiters are quick but not friendly), any small change (like to speed lets say) can turn a great place, to just an ok place.  One thing I noticed was the overall disconnect from the workers and front of the house management.  The place wasn't that busy and we still had to put our name on a list to be seated for some reason.  In the past this place would be packed to the gills and we would be seated right away, no problem.  Tonight we waited to be seated for 15 minutes even when it was relatively empty.  This seemed to make the workers who were standing around looking helpless and angry.  At one point I could see them pointing and talking about the host, and probably not in a good way.  Once we did get seated the food did take a little bit longer to come out mostly, I believe, because they were busy talking about the host.  .  When the food did come it was great as usual, and in all truth is actually one of Vegas's great late night eats.  Now I understand you have to take a place based on what it is, and appreciate that.  What is Pho Kim Long?  Well it's great Pho when you're out late on a Vegas night.  If you keep that in the forefront of your mind, you will enjoy it and forget about its faults.   However if you are taking this eating establishment as a whole, as I am trying to right now, then its shortcomings become apparent.  The truth is Vegas does have a ton of Pho restaurants some with better tasting Pho, and others with better service.  In the end you can call Pho Kim Long average with room for improvement, and you would be fair in saying that.   Will I go back again most defiantly, but I will go there with the understanding that "it is what it is".
When I desire Vietnamese food, is the where I go. The food is good, as well as the atmosphere. However, I recently had a server who was trying to be dang 'hip'.
Came here on a Saturday morning, May 12, 2012.. . Brought my two cousins from Canada (one of them celebrating their bachelor party), and they enjoyed it.  I thought it was decent, but unimpressed.  It's a pretty nice (i.e. clean) Viet restaurant, and it's open late.. . But I really came for the pho.  The broth was clean (not too much grease), but lacking any great flavor.  It wasn't bad, but it wasn't very good.  It's a double edged blade to have tasted great pho, and have an awareness of other's mediocrity.. . This place is A-OK.. . It's off the strip, so if you're already willing to drive a bit out, you might as well keep going down Spring to hit Pho Hung (on your right).  Or stay on the strip and hit up Pho at the Coffee Shop (in Treasure Island).
After a long night of crazy partying and probably too much booze you need a nice steaming hot bowl of Pho to cure your inevitable hangover. If you can get yourself out of bed and actually manage to stomach more substance into your body, this is place to go to cure whatever you got.. . Yes, you will see an array of sleep deprived, miserable, post alcohol induced individuals at this spot trying their best toforget, or remember, the night before. This spot is always packed, especially Saturday for lunch.. . There is usually a wait...but bearable. Once seated, the service is good and attentive, food comes out fast, and the pho is decent. . . Don't expect the same quality nor quantity as you do in California. It's going to be more expensive and as of late they really started skimping out on the portions. . . Expect to pay around $10 for a bowl of pho including tip.
We were looking for a place to eat in Chinatown and just randomly stumbled on this place. We saw lots of cars parked out front and people going in and out. So we figured it must be pretty good. The place is full of locals, it looked like. Inside is pretty clean and modern as well. Off to a good start. It was so hot so I opted for the BBQ pork vermicelli with the egg roll and fish sauce. The rest of the group got pho. I tried a bit of the pho and it was alright. My food was great. Man I love that Vietnamese food can be so healthy. Lots of lettuce, bun noodles, marinated pork and topped with the sliced carrots and daikon and shopped peanuts. Pour some fish sauce on that stuff and you're good to go. It's a great mix of foods - different textures and flavor all combined for a food orgy in your mouth. Mmmm. A little pricey but I'm coming from LA where everything dirt cheap because of all the competition. I think the prices are pretty average for Vegas. Plenty of parking too as it's in a long strip mall.
Pho Kim Long is just an ok place, No good No bad. I came in late night and want some pho. The bowl look really big as the large size compare to other places.  But the broth is just blank without any original flavors. The meats were so little. . . Good thing is they open 24hrs. That it. Expecting more improvement!
3 1/2 Stars Open 24 hours which makes this place the only choice for Pho for bfast. . . The Special Pho was my choice and it included meat balls unlike other places. The broth was tasty although tripe was missing in my bowl. The noodles were slightly overcooked but the service is solid.. . Good choice if your craving Pho late night or early am.
Ok.  I know that everyone loves this place, locals and tourists alike, but honestly, I didn't think this place was anything spectacular.  I tried this place with my entire family awhile back and we ordered some chinese dishes which were alright (though the seafood items were a no go).  I came back recently because I wanted to give the pho noodle soup another try (I had forgotten what it tasted like).  Turns out, I forgot because it's nothing too memorable - not horrible, but not exactly mind blowing either.  . . Here are the pros:  They have an extensive menu with pictures, and a variety of different dishes beyond what you see at your traditional pho place.. . Their wings with special sauce were pretty delicious too. Sweet and slightly spicy.. . It's pretty clean and looks pretty new. . . Here are the cons:.  If you're coming just for a regular pho special noodle soup, I'd say that it's decent here, but not great.  The one big gripe I had was that their pho special does not have tripe in it.  But if you're not a tripe fanatic like me, I guess it wouldn't matter to you.  . . Also, I don't think they give as much meat in their pho noodle soups as other places - the pho special large was really not that large, and only had a few pieces of rare steak and brisket in it.
Good, but just not great. Nevertheless, pho is always a terrific hang-over food, which is exactly why I'm a fan of this place. Love the cleanliness of the restaurant, it does offer some level of trust in what you're putting into your stomach. Anyway, long story short- good pho, decent egg-rolls, cheap meal. Definitely worth every penny when you're hung over.
Bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle) was delicious and so was the appetizer canh ga chien nuoc mam (fried chicken wings with fish sauce) - it tastes better than it sounds lol. . The service was horrible though...
A-OK. Only go there at very late night since they are opened till very late.
Pho Kim Long has the best pho name and probably best pho in town. Open 24/7 this place is busy no matter the hour. Despite the amount of people, getting seated never takes long. I always order pho and it always comes out within 5 minutes. Service is average, but not stellar.. . Overall this is my go to pho place in town. Everything is consistent from the taste to the service.
Okay... Vegas may not be San Jose or LA's Little Saigon when it comes to Vietnamese food. However, with that being said, this joint really isn't too shabby either.. . Pho Kim Long (that name will never cease to get a chuckle out of me) is the go-to late night spot to get your drunk grub on. I've been here way too many times for my own good, as my state of sobriety while eating here is usually (although not always!) questionable. Regardless, the food is solid and the locals seem to love it.. . When I came to Vegas this past June for EDC (yep, as in the Electronic Daisy Carnival 2012 ---- suuuuch a crazy experience, btw), company preferred ordering family style dishes like shaking beef, ong choy, pork spare ribs etc. Everything was quite tasty and portions were ample, but I got the impression that this place catered more to American tastes. The dishes, while yummy in my tummy, were more like something you might find in a mainstream Chinese restaurant than authentic Viet food. Still, no real complaints as it was delicious nevertheless.. . During my last trip over Halloween weekend, though, I ordered more "true" Viet fare like seafood noodle soup and Bun Bo Hue. I was surprised that the taste and quality were above average. Definitely better than Tung Kee Noodlehouse and probably better than a good portion of pho spots back home! I can see why the locals took me here so often because if *I* was local, I'd probably become a regular too.. . However, here's the issue:. . NOT being a local, I'm on vacation. And should be eating Vegas-y thangs. Elsewhere. Thangs that are NOT pho. Since I can get plenty of it. Authentic, at that. At home.. . So...... basically....... . Eat it if you're a local, eat if you're drunk and broke, eat it if you want Viet food while in Vegas. Heck, I'd do the same. If none of these things apply, though? And you have a choice to eat something else? I would. Because dammit, it's called a vacation. Feed me fancy things. Because that's what I want. Hence.... 3 stars.
My Recommendation: There are much better options for pho around town during regular business hours. This place is only good to satisfy an after-hours craving.. . When you walk into Pho Kim Long, the first thing you see in front of you is a hostess booth, which is very out of place considering they don't have a hostess. You have to wait for a busser to seat you. That system is very inconvenient when it's busy. You'd have to wait until one of the bussers frees up to even put you on the waiting list, so essentially, you have to wait in line before you get the chance to wait "in line".. . Although I have tried and liked other things on the menu, I mainly just order the Pho. For a place called Pho Kim Long, you'd assume they'd put their main focus into their pho dishes, unfortunately that doesn't seem to be the case. The overall taste of the Pho is good, but it's the uneven portions that deduct from its rating. Too much meat and not nearly enough noodles. One visit, I ordered a large Rare Beef Pho, but the waiter gave me a small. I'm not upset about that. That's a simple mistake, but just out of curiosity, I reached into the bowl with my chopsticks and lifted up the noodles to get an idea of how much came in that order. It was pathetic. I was easily able to  hold every noodle up with one swipe. I thought "maybe it's just because it's the small". I then told the waiter about the size error and he came back almost immediately with the correct size, but when I checked to see what portions I was given this time, it was like deja vu. . I received almost exactly the same amount. It's as if they just poured the small bowl from earlier into a larger bowl and added a few more scoops of broth. The lack of noodles is where the imbalance of noodle-to-meat ratio comes in. I was long done with all of my noodles before my meat. I had to resort to biting my noodles in an attempt to ration them so I had some for every new piece of meat, and this is a definite "no-no" in the noodle world. . . Customer service is friendly, when present. This place often gets hit with a high volume of customers during the night (probably because they are one of the few Vietnamese restaurants that stay open 24 hours) so if you like places where the waiter is very attentive, this is not the place for you. Although I do commend them for being able to keep a friendly demeanor under stressful conditions, it's just sometimes I'd prefer a refill on my drink instead of a smile.. . The restaurant itself is gorgeous. The walls are aligned with live aquariums and decorative flora and for such a high traffic restaurant, it is kept extremely clean. To be honest, it looks like a fine dining establishment.  . . Another positive about this place, that I briefly mentioned before, is that it is open 24 hours and conveniently located just off of the strip. It's close enough to not be a hassle to get to after a long night of partying, but far enough to get away from all of the chaos of stereotypical Las Vegas. . . I have a strong suspicion that their pho dishes are premade. The wait time from point-of-order to point-of-arrival is very short. Extremely short if you take into consideration how busy it gets; that's most likely why they'd do that. If I had to wait as long as it would take to make every meal made-to-order, the wait would not even be worth it. . . In short, I would probably never crave Pho Kim Long's pho specifically, but if it's after hours and I am craving pho in general, this would be the place to go only because there aren't many other options.
ok bun bo hue but great at 3am!
Wanted to check this place out on my recent visit to Vegas. Service was fast. Staff was friendly.. . However, I'm not use to seeing that kind of price tag for an average bowl of pho. The noodle was alright. The soup was not memorable. Honestly just a whatever meal.. . Would I come back here again? No. There are cheaper and better tasting pho joints in Chinatown. . . PS. Women's restroom, dirty...
The rumors are true: VEGAN PHO! yes, they have it; and it is GOOD! It's a very flavorful broth loaded with tons of veggies.  The only drawback is no protein! Now, some places go all crazy town with a million kinds of fake meat, which is really not necessary; but throw a sister a couple of tofu cubes at least! Still, I can't complain too much about a tasty huge bowl of goodness for only a few ducats.  I rounded out my food pyramid with some very tasty tofu nuggets.  Great late night spot (open 24 hrs) and perfect food to soak up the booze.
Love their food here. Great spot to go to after going out on a party. The service could be better tho!!
Whoa! Very potent pho. You can smell it before you even enter the store! I personally didn't mind it (I love pho), but some of my friends thought it was unpleasant. . . Service was great. A group of five girls can be very annoying/demanding, but they handled it very well. The broth was light and really hit the spot after the long drive over to Vegas. This place would be great for day-after hangovers! I wasn't craving brisket this time, so I ordered the shrimp pho. The shrimp were pretty small in size, but they give a decent amount. It went well with the broth too. My friends also ordered some fried rice to go. We knew that we'd be hungry when we got home after a night out, and their fried rice re-heated nicely.. . Btw, you will leave smelling like you took a bath in pho. :)
Food is OK and waiting too long.  We order sweet-sour soup with flounder and the soup has little vegetable and a lot of water.  It costs us $35 to ride the taxi from the casino and the food is not worth it, especially white rice is not coming with the food, we paid $3.00 extra.
This place is a godsend to people who just say PHO it after a night at marquee or xs. Its essentially open around the clock, the pho is pretty tasty, and the prices are very reasonable. I'm not usually in Vegas to have Vietnamese cuisine, but when I do, this place is it. I'm only giving it 3 stars because Cali spoils people on Viet cuisine  and this place isn't quite there yet in terms of taste. I'd give a 3.5 stars if I could though.
Pros: . -open 24hrs. -organized waiting list. -clean for a pho place. -quick, but crap service(typical of viet places). -the pho helped my hangover. . . Cons:. -crap service. -meh pho. -8 bucks for pho. -smaller portions than other pho joints I've been to. . Overall, it's a pretty mediocre place. If you're in Vegas and have a pho craving, it will do. But just don't expect it to do that much.
I would give 3.5 stars if given the choice.  This place was packed 3am in the morning!  While the pho is fairly priced and tastes decent in Vegas, I cannot give it 4 or 5 stars due to the wondering choices I have tried in the Bay Area especially San Jose.  But, since there's not a whole lot of pho options in Vegas, this will have to do.
Aside from an interesting name, there isn't much else reason to come here. The food is pretty average. It comes out quick and the service is nice.. Cheap food option outside of the strip.
It's a "high end" Pho restaurant.  The decor is nice inside, compared to all the countless  hole in the wall Pho places, but the food is lacking.  It is also open 24hrs, so if you are craving Pho at 300am, this place is open.. .   I started with the fresh spring rolls.  It was bland and tasteless.  The rice wrap was soft, so that is a plus, but even with the peanut sauce, it did not stand up to a good tasting fresh shrimp spring roll.. . I ordered the Bun Bo Hue.  It was actually pretty tasty.  You get to add the spice to it yourself, so the broth is to your liking.  Each bite had meat, tendon and they also included the pig knuckle (which I like in my Bun Bo Hue.)  I would order it again.  The noodles were thick and cooked right.  It was a good bowl of Spicy noodles, but for $9, it better be good.. . The total bill was $15, a bit overpriced for an underwhelming experience.  Would I repeat?  Yes.  I would just order the Bun Bo Hue or try the Pho next trip.
This place is potent as fuck! . . You could smell the place from your car a mile away. Ok, yeah, that's just a mild exaggeration on my part, but whatever. You leave the place leaving with the smell of Pho on you, but then again, I love pho so that's really not a problem.. . The food was great and came out quickly, which is the best thing after drinking and clubbing at 5am and walking around in the cold. . . If I have to be honest, the main reason why I even wanted to try the place was because of the name. I'd go anywhere where the name is a sexual pun...or if this was just a Vietnamese name and it was done without any bit of irony, then my apologies... Other wise, pho kim long? Yes please!
Went here twice in one day.  Not because it is awesome food, but because it is open 24hrs and was accessible.  The Pho is great.  But my favorite is the beef cube.  The biggest disappointment this time was the chicken fried rice.  There was hardly any chicken and very bland.  Not sure if it was because it was 2:30am and they ran out or not.  But other than that, a good place to get your late night fix.
This place is cool, not only cause the name, but the hours. The food's pretty good, ordered pho and you can get extra broth for just $1. The service is alright, like any other mom and pop asian place. We had a problem with our check and the man was being very rude about it. I'm sure there are numerous large parties that come through the restaurant and want to split checks or pay partial cash, partial card. The man was just being very impatient and fussy and the funny part is they weren't even busy at the time, he was probably just having a bad day. The prices are reasonable too and the food is good. But this is the place to be after a long night of partying or to cure your hangover in the morning!
Pho Kim Long has actually grown on me. At first I wasn't very impressed, but after trying a few different things I have kind of come around.. . First of let me say that I work overnights, so when I get off at 5am my options are extremely limited. Pho Kim Long is probably the healthiest option if i want to eat out. The place is always clean but the service is lacking. Usually one person takes your order, another brings you the drink (a lot of the time after receiving food), another brings you the food.. . The food always comes out in random order. Sometimes the Pho comes out first, sometimes the entrees. Sometimes it takes forever and sometimes its quick.. . Because I've been there at least 20 times I've tried a lot on the menu, but not everything (the menu is extensive). . . The combination pho is good, it's not the best I've had but its consistently good. no complaints.. . The spring rolls are fresh, but they are small. A lot smaller than any other place I've been.. . Some of the entrees I've had we're just mediocre including Kung pao chicken, mongolian beef, curry chicken, and walnut shrimp. They weren't bad, just nothing stood out.. . One dish that did stand out was the Honey garlic pork chops. I don't know if these are Vietnamese or Chinese or what, but they are some of the best food I've had at an asian restaurant. So tasty!. . All in all, with the exception of slow service I don't have any major complaints for Pho Kim Long. I'll continue to go there, just usually late night because during the day I feel like there are better options.
I love the convenience of a 24-hour Vietnamese restaurant that serves food faster than many of the fast food restaurants in town! . . In my opinion, the food here is average, and the same with the service. However, I do love Vietnamese egg rolls and eating their salted pork chops! One extra star for the chefs/cooks being able to make those two dishes quite a treat for me at 2:00 a.m.!
If you are hungover, and ready to go home from Vegas come here to eat. Their pho is good, and the service is good. Also they serve their coconut juice/ water straight from the coconut. Delicious! Party hard, and soup it afterwards! ENJOY!
I believe that every pho lover in Vegas will eventually make it to Pho Kim Long because the ample amount of reviews. The menu is pretty vast and the atmosphere is comfortable and nice. Although the food satisfied my pho craving, it did not impress me. My rating will go to Pho Saigon 8.
I come here often because this place open late. I love the Pho here.. I like their pho, spring roll, and the egg rolls. Everything else I tried here was just okay for me. Service can be really bad for sometimes. Sometimes they forget my order and the waiters there don't talk much when I ask something. The other night when I was there, I didn't get my food for 20min. so I asked the waiter if my food is coming. He didn't say anything about it and left my table. He came back with my food 10min. later. Hmm.... may be he could've said "I will check on your food" or "It is coming"?!! Every time I go there, service is just Meh...... But I will still go there.
I'm a frequent visitor of Pho Kim Long but they're not normally my go-to spot. The convenience of being open 24 hours is typically what wins me over. . . I am deeply addicted to the eggs rolls. Those lettuce wrapped egg rolls do it in for me all the time! My girlfriend usually gets the pho. I'm not a fan of pho so this review is not for the pho alone. I've had the duck a few times here and it's a hit or miss. I'll either get all bone or all skin. . . The service is less than mediocre. You wait to be seated and the second you're seated you're rushed to put in your drink order. The second your drinks arrive they pressure you to put in your food order. It can get a tad uncomfortable.
Depending on the day the food is worth 4 stars and the service at best 3 stars. The food ive had here several times. its one of the only pho joints open 24/7 and plus after raging in vegas coming here is a perk. instead of eating crap a$$ food on the strip or your hotel food court. . . The pho ga is my favorite here. The spring rolls are decent next time i come to vegas im def hitting another pho joint to get a good compare. If you have the time just go to Lotus of Siam Beautiful Thai food. If not this is WAY better than eating dirt on the strip late night.
I rated this 3.5 stars and only rounded down since I did realize I don't usually go to have pho here, or anywhere, on my own usually. Only when friends want to go. It's not that I don't think pho is good food. It's just that I have so many other favorites that rank above it, so sue me hehe. That said, I have tried pho at alot of places but I've been here the most. That partly is due to its proximity to the Strip and being open 24hrs. Who am I kidding, those ARE the main reasons I've patronized this pho establishment more than any other pho spot. Friends visiting out of town, want late night eats nearby after gambling and/or partying all day/night. . I remember when it wasn't open late. Then it seemed like every year or 2 the closing time became 1hr later, next thing I know it's 24hrs! Pho spots are notorious for their horrible service. Although the last time I went recently the service was horrible. The pho came with a lemon wedge instead of limes and I got exactly one basil thai stem. And we could never find our waiter and ended up having 3 separate waiters help us. Besides that, the service has been pretty decent here. The broth doesn't taste noticeably better or worse than any of the other pho's I've had. I do get a little annoyed everytime I get my pho, the rare steak on top is already fully cooked from the heat of the broth. I should probably follow my one friend's lead and ask for the meat on the side so that doesn't happen but I always forget.. If you eat at the hours I do, there probably is not many other options but during normal times when people eat, there are alot of pho choices scattered along Spring Mountain Road in Chinatown. I think it's a decent place for pho and it helps that you never have to worry if it's closed.
Not familiar with Vietnamese restaurants in Vegas, we drove along Spring Mountain, and randomly chose Pho Kim Long. Tuesday night, a tad past dinnertime, and the place was crowded.  As evidenced by Yelp reviews, they have a following.. . We originally wanted pho, but decided instead on war wonton.  Flavorful broth, meaty wontons, adequate shrimp -- all in all, a satisfying soup.  People at a neighboring table ordered calamari -- rats!  that's what we should have gotten -- and it looked great.  Instead, to complete our light dinner we chose mapo tofu. Although they were a bit stingy with the pork, there was enough tofu to take back for a second meal.. . I thought the service was fine, the restaurant attractive; all in all a good place to eat.
Im just A-OK about this place.. . Props for it being open 24/7...and its a spot where my friends and I go to when were not sober...specifically around 4-6 AM in the morning. I can eat pho anytime...and pretty much everyday. I love pho & I love it even more when Im not sober. THIS IS EXACTLY HOW I KNOW whether its a guud pho place. Going intoxicated to a restaurant is similar to wearing beer goggles when checking out chicks. They all look/taste that much better. Coming to Pho Kim Long...yah i was intoxicated...so I should love the food even more right? For me, it was a No. I was satisfied (but not too satisfied), it was just A-OK, and I was starving like a hungry hippo.. . Service was great though, but the food was just A-OK for me.. . UNTIL THEN!! ^-^
A nice place to have late night dinner. The funny thing we encounter is karaoke. We were laughing so loud we thought they will kick us out. The lady wasn't a good singer but she really tried. . The food was OK, nothing special we could remember.
A few friends and I were hung over and decided to try this restaurant because of the name, and because we got a good recommendation from a mutual friend.. . Service wasn't the best. The quality of the food was alright. The cleanliness was a little better than average (since most Asian restaurants/pho restaurants aren't that clean to begin with). . . There are hit and misses when it came to the food. The beef stew rice noodle I got was made very well, but two of my friends' foods looked and tasted bad. The waiter will give out suggestions, and I think those usually are the most popular/freshes/specialty things that the restaurant is known for. Order that.. . I heard this place is best for late-night hangover/Pho fix. To be honest, If you were traveling here for vacation and was looking for good eats, I'd rather fork over a few extra dollars and enjoy a good buffet on the strip.
This place is great for late-night eating.  After a few rounds at the nearby PTs, after a few hours of karaoke at Zizzy's or Q.  Even after hitting up the clubs at the strip. Just make sure you have a desi....     Anyways aside from their pho which is pretty darn good I tend to also get their #24.  So why a 3 of 5?  It's their service, now I'm a good tipper but seriously it's hard to tip when you have to remind your waiter then other waiters for a refill of pop/water or for extra fish sauce.  It's like dude you see me choking down the vermicelli least you can do is get that pop I ordered 5 times already....     The food is good and I love the flavor of their charbroiled chicken and it's really not overpriced but the lack of service is something else. Aside from the host (Thierry Henry) which my homies have nicknamed their wait staff just brings down the whole joint... 3 of 5...
A bit on the pricey side compared to other Chinese-Vietnamese restaurants I've been to, but hey this is Nevada and the selection for authentic Asian food is relatively low. . . Had the vermicelli with shrimp, eggrolls and BBQ pork. I recommend. . . Service was just alright, not that memorable. I remember it took forever for the food to come out. We were a party of about 10, but they just kept us waiting forever while I was famished. I just wanted me some good Vietnamese food in my tummy.. :(
This place has my favorite Pho and spring rolls! Although the restaurant looks amazing, the service can be better. Waiting for the food to come takes about 15-20 minutes. It's a eat and go restaurant because they will kick you out if your finish eating and talking. They actually told me to leave because they had people waiting for a table. I was there for less than an hour in a lunch meeting(RUDE). They are 24 hours and that's great but in the weekends they are packed. Overall the food is great the service is not great but it is 24 hours!
Awesome cheap and fast
The food here is OK, nothing to brag about. In fact its a little expensive compare to the other pho places in town. If your looking for a quick fixing, pho kim long does the job right. It's conveniently located in chinatown as soon as you get on to spring mountain rd. I like coming here after work usually around midnight because its so close to work.
I am not sure if this place has come under new ownership, but my last outing here proved very disappointing. Up until recently, this place was my go to after hours food spot in Vegas. However this past time, I found myself unimpressed by the pho, which is surprising since the pho in LA is subpar for the most part. the spring roll also seemed haphazzardly prepared and lack any real flavor. It didn't help that the service was also terrible. VERY IMPORTANT: Call a cab when your entree arrives as there likely won't be one waiting for you between 4- 7 am. if you go to vegas and stay in chinatown, this does not apply to you.
LOVE PHO! especially after drinking lol . . i came here completely sober though and the food didn't wow me.. the one thing that was impressive was their speed!  i swear food came out within 5 mins after we ordered! sometimes i wonder what they do in the back... best not to know, right? lol . . we ordered fried rice, some orange chicken and pho-- funny thing, the pho came out last.  you think they would bring that out first since it requires barely any work to prepare.. . anyway, the pho was decent-- it hit the spot alright.  but portion wise is a little small... i mean for $7 bucks, you can't expect too much-- it was enough food for little o me, i don't know about anybody else though.. . i have my doubts about how authentic this place is.. seems like it's more of a chinese restaurant than a pho joint-- anywho, as long as i got my pho sometime after drinking, i'm happy :)
This was my first time here as many times I have come to vegas. We always make at least one stop in chinatown to get a break from american food and buffets on the strip and the menu here was expansive and food was decent. Its pretty packed though so you may have a brief wait to be seated. It's open 24 hours so that's convenient, will probably return
Well, it's open late... that's why everyone comes here.  If Kinh Do (a block away) didn't close at 10 p.m., I would've been there.  On a Saturday night at 11 p.m. we were quoted a 30 minute wait time but ended up only waiting 10 minutes for a table of four.. . I live by Little Saigon in Southern California so if comparing to the pho there, Pho Kim Long's pho and bun dishes are normal/about average.  There wasn't anything that stood out good or bad about them.  I had the vermicelli with grilled pork and egg rolls.  My friends had the pho.  . . Drinks here are a tad expensive.  I think it was $3.50-$3.75 for Iced Coffee, Fresh Lemonade with Soda, and Preserved Lemon with Soda.  . . The service here is good.  Numerous servers came to check on/take our order.  If I was craving some late night pho after a night out on the town, I'd come here again.
I'd give this place a 3.5 if yelp would let me. Food was good. I had the pork chop and rice. The ac was broken that night, so it was really warm and a little uncomfortable. The boba was decent. I had the honey dew boba. It was alright. I've had better though. The service was very good though.
say the name real fast three times.  Despite the name, it's good Pho.  The only problem is that it's super popular and your better expect to wait and wait.  The service is less than adequate because of the crowd.  They don't need your business and they act like it.  The food though is good -- not the best but still well prepared.  I'm spoiled by living in So Cal.  But by Vegas standards, it's a thumbs up.
The pho isn't out of this world but it's open late so I'll go here after the club or on Sunday morning before driving back to SoCal.. Gets really busy.. Not cheap.. Small portions.. But quick fix for your hangover before the long drive home.. They also have other Asian dishes but I've only had the pho and eggrolls.. The servers seem to always be busy so if you want more napkins or extra onions, be prepared to ask multiple times.
Came here for Pho since none of my group was down to eat a buffet. The wait was rather long for a party of 10 since everyone and their mom is hoping for some pho after a late Saturday night and when you've had too much to drink. The prices are obviously high for what is known especially if you're from the LA area. A regular small bowl of Pho is $7.95 but if you get the Pho Dac Biet it's $8.95. There was a good amount of meat but the broth just seemed like water and oil. Also for some reason each of the Pho broth soups had a different color. Some were more murky than others even though the only difference was the type of beef they had. The service however, is quite good. They refilled our waters appropriately probably because they know most people are hungover and need their best friend aka H20. The interior decor is not too bad but it does look Asian but at least not that old ghetto Asian style. The parking lot can be quite hectic so park carefully so your cars don't get scratched by Asian drivers. Also it's nice that it is near a Lee's Sandwiches because I needed that Ice Coffee for the ride back to LA!
The pho was good, but definitely had wayyy too much MSG.  we also ordered their calamari which was really good!  very nicely seasoned.  it tasted like "tom rang muoi" but instead of the tom (crab), it was calamari.  the food came out very quickly, which was a plus because we were hungry, and tired!
This place has wonderful Pho, pork bun, and Vietnamese egg rolls. Those are essentially the only things I absolutely love there. It's also open 24 hours which is great when I'm digging Vietnamese late at night. I would give them 4 stars, but the service is either a hit or miss.
I wish I knew what the hype was about! Don't get me wrong, this is a GREAT place to come after a night at the club when you want something to eat (thank god its 24/7) but I wouldn't say that this is the best quality pho I've had. Am I ordering the wrong thing? I didn't think I could go wrong order pho at a restaurant with PHO in the name of the restaurant. The decor is a lot nicer than traditional pho places but the service can be really slow and I feel like there is ALWAYS a wait here. So even though the hours here are great, I think I would only find myself coming here when the other places are closed.
used to be a favorite place but for some reason they just got packed all the time and always busy?! since then the food hasn't been the same. flavor isn't there anymore. so now it's OK. I found another favorite!
pho kim long is probably the most well known pho place of las vegas. it is located in the heart of chinatown and the parking lot is quite small but i've never had a issue finding parking.. . i usually always order bun bo hue and occasionally pho with meat balls, they're both alright and i've had better elsewhere. i'm sure other foods are good but i never cared to try.. . this place is always packed and keep in mind it is open 24/7. you'll mostly see traffic at late night when people come here for drunk munchies and early morning for hangover food. it is basically rachet central up in here with girls coming in in their club attire limping all over the place, lol.. . the service is kind of shitty, you often have to flag down a server to refill water but most of the time you're drunk so you don't really care. . . i recently had a seizure attack here and they had to call the paramedics for me so i probably will not be returning for a very, very long time. (SO EMBARRASSED). . but i do recommend giving this place a try and you can be the judge yourself.
Me and my friends from LA went there to have Pho on lunch time. It was really busy and the waiting list was almost full so I had to wait about 45 min. becuse it was so busy, our server did not really pay attention to us so I had to run to our server and order. that was ok, However, our server kept on missing the items that we order and eventually our server took out from our checks. it was ok. I will give them try again when it is not that crazy busy.
This place does the trick for me when I feel like pho (whether I've been drinking or not been drinking).. . I got:. . ~Appetizer #1: Spring Rolls with Shrimp, Pork, Lettuce. ~Rare Steak and Brisket Noodle Soup. . It's weird -- the 1st time I came here, I ordered a pho with tendon, but this last time on the menu, there were no noodle soups with the options to get tripe or tendon. That made me sad.. . Can't go wrong with the springs rolls, taste fresh, and they come out quick! The broth of the pho is decent -- I've had better, but this restaurant does the trick for me. The quality of the meat is decent too. The veggies to put in the pho were clean and fresh.. . Clean restaurant, friendly and attentive staff, they accept card (don't know if there is a minimum), restrooms are clean. It's located in a strip mall type of place off of Spring Mountain Rd. All in all, this place isn't the best, but it's not bad.
this is prob the best looking pho place ive ever been to. so driving up to the asian side of vegas you notice the HUGE banner for being rated the best pho ever, or whatever it said. TO BE HONEST. that hyped me way too much and it just didnt live up to the behemoth banner.. . when i walk into a place and notice, you have a waiting list, that right there tells me youre good enough but it doesnt hype me like a giant banner. lol. . the pho was okay, the broth didnt taste bad, it just wasnt the best ive had. there wasnt that much noodle, like it was proportioned wrong. meat to broth to noodle ratio was off and i was left dissatisfied. the bill was cheap for 7 people so i guess thats okay . . this place is really clean and the staff are like any other place, no service at all so expect that.
Came here for lunch on a Saturday. Ordered pho and beef pad thai. The broth for the pho wasn't very hot so it didn't really cook the meat. That's the main reason why it got 3 stars. Is it really that hard to bring a HOT bowl of pho out? The broth tastes different ... not a bad different but just not the typical pho taste I'm used to. Everything else about the pho was good. The pad Thai was good (beef was delicious) but it had a little too much sauce.. Fairly decent prices, a lot of different dishes to choose from, parking lot sucks, decor is nice and unexpected from how the outside looks, and they keep it really cold in there too.. I would go back to try some of their other dishes but probably won't be ordering warm pho again.
Came here last week for the first time and absolutely loved my Pho. I got the Pho Ga and will definitely be coming back once the weather cools down some. I love the fact that they are open 24/7. The Pho Kim egg rolls and Pho Ga would make great drunk munchies! . . If you're visiting Vegas and want good Pho this is the place to go!
Disappointed. Pork chop plate so so. Meat thin, full of fat and cartilage, egg loaf dry on one side, ok on other side - appears cooked in muffin tin. Pho eaters said broth was good. Bun eater said he liked the BBQ beef n spring rolls.
Most well known pho place I know of. All of my friends have at least been here once, i've been here multiple times late at night, and even for lunch. I've experienced pho at many other restuarants and can say Pho Kim Long is just about average.  . . My most recent visit was yesterday. As it was hot, i didn't feel like ordering something too hot like a soup or rather pho. I wasn't too hungry either, so i ordered Pan friend udon, yes I know, a Pho place wouldn't specialize in it, but another place i've been to had superb udon.. . It was around 3pm when i arrived and there was a good amount of people. Glad to see they're still getting service. I walked in and it took me 10 minutes just to get seated. Like i said there was a good amount of people, it wasn't packed or very busy. Once i got a table i browsed the menu, already knowing what i wanted, udon. I eye'd the waiter down or rather signaled him to come over and he looked away, but he did eventually come around after 15 minutes of waiting. I ordered my chicken pan fried udon and he went on his merry way. . . The order came faster than i expected took about 3 to 5 minutes aha. Not bad. I tasted my first mouthfull. Not bad, but not good either. It was very tasteless. I put some sauce on there, it made it better but i could still taste that blandness in the noodles. Nearing the end of the dish, I noticed a lot of bean sprouts leftover. I like beansprouts and i tend to eat those first but there was still a lot and it watered down the sauce so much that it just tasted like water after eating most of the udon.. . Again, I suppose having udon at a pho place isn't ideal, but i wasn't feeling up to having a hot soup on a hot noon day. Perhaps at dinner? . . This was an average day, i was full after eating, but wasn't satisfied with how it tasted. Eat anything but the udon!
I really think people come here just so they can "say" they are coming here...if you know what I mean.  (hence the name)  Gotta love a good name "pho" a restaurant!. . Brought some out of town friends here on Monday (Labor Day) around 1pm.  People were everywhere inside and outside waiting.  I almost gave up immediately but my inner gut & the "best of RJ's" on the windows made me stay.  When we finally made our way to the front to put our name in we asked the guy how long the wait was.  His reply, "really fast".  I couldn't help but chuckle but who are we to argue. LOL. . Surprisingly, our wait wasn't too long before our name was called.  With all the people everywhere I was halfway expecting to be waiting a while.  We were seated by a window.  Literally every table full.  A guy came to take our drink order.  While we checked out the menu every meal was numbered making it easy to order.  Each item had a detailed description underneath for white girls like me or at least I'd like to think. haha  BTW the menu is gigantic.  I'm often overwhelmed by such menus but I knew what I was looking for.  My BF and I decided we would share each of our orders so we could try a couple different dishes.  We had settled on two things to share until I heard my friend say...UDON Noodle!  I just discovered Udon Noodles when I was in Cali. I honestly cannot have enough of it.  To describe it to someone I would say its like a really thick soft spaghetti noodle.  Here is what we ordered:. . *Beef Udon Noodle - I thought it was fantastic.  The BF thought it was a little peppery (you could actually see the black pepper in it) but it was still our favorite.. *Chicken Pho - A little bland broth flavor (I remember it being better), chunks of chicken, thin rice noodles.  We added a bunch of hot sauce to spice it up and give it a little more flavor. Pretty good even though it felt like it was the hottest/humid day of the summer.  We did only eat half the soup.  The bowl was as big as my head.. *Our friends also got the Beef Udon and love it.  They also got the Teriyaki Chicken with Rice and it was a huge portion.  She only had half of it.. . We waited a bit for the check.  The servers were running around like crazy but she eventually came.  Our bill came to around $70 I believe-our friends had bought.  Overall it was good.  Just super crazy busy.  This is definitely a popular spot.. . The reviews say that its opened 24 hours.  I cant imagine really wanting a drunken night soup bowl at 3am but it sounds like a lot of people do.  (I secretly opt for a drunken night Fat Burger at that time-but that's just me) but if its your thang have at it!  Its there for your enjoyment!  24 hours.
I'm from LA and have been thoroughly spoiled by tasty cheap Asian food, especially Vietnamese food. Pho Kim Long is okay but definitely not worth making a visit during my trip.. . The wait was pretty long since early in the morning. We were seated after almost 20 minutes and ordered a bowl of pho and a bo loc lac. The portions were pretty small for the price on both.. . The pho was too salty and there was a lot of broth with a small amount of noodle. I have had a lot of better pho elsewhere. The bo loc lac actually tasted really good but it was pretty expensive for the small portion.. . The service was actually pretty good for a Vietnamese restaurant.
Food is good. But really poor service from a 40 years old like guy. He was the worst server I've ever seen. But other stuff were not bad.
10mins wait time on saturday night at 10 pm but two orders of pho came out in 3 mins! Pho soup is full of flavor but the portion of noodles and bmeat is smaller than I've expected, vegis are really fresh but cillantro is little dry. it will get you full though.
Not the best pho, but it hits the spot when you are in Vegas. I don't recommend getting a rice plate bc your food will come out way after everyone has received and eaten their pho.
service was good. my wife and I came here because she was craving pho like always. I found the broth extremely oily. I've never had pho like that before. my fingers and mouth were really oily. I'm giving it three stars because it made my wife happy which is all that matters.
Due to my house being close and having some ridiculous pho craving and also hearing decent reviews for thisplace, I decided to try out pho Kim long. . Came along and got seated right away, seemed pretty busy so by this point I'm wondering how good this place is goings to be. . Decided to get my usual, pho vegan. . Food came out with in 5 minutes, huge portion, plenty of vegetables and over all with the taste, not bland, not to salty, noodles were to perfection and I was very much satisfied. . However the satisfaction for their service went down when I asked one of the servers that came to pour in water if they had sake bombs or just bottles of sake. She said he doesn't know and told me she would go ask our waiter. Fair enough, though you should know the menu at the restaurant you're working at. . My waiter doesn't come an 15 minutes later I was forced to grab another waiter. He helped me out and got my drink. . . Got my drink, happy with my food. I was ready to go and leave. Yet our waiter once again has us waiting for another 15 minutes. I must say, good food but bad service. I'll be back to give it another try.
First time here and wasnt very impressed. A lot of my friends come and enjoy the food here and I stopped here for a late lunch.. . I ordered the Pho Tai Chin. -Soup was ok. -noodles were ok. . Nothing special nothing bad.. . service was good and prices seem fair. I would have to give this place another try
Very nice decor when you get inside. They say they are trying to remodel every two years. You can't go wrong with picking this restaurant if you're craving Asian food and can't pick between soup, noodles, or stir fried. They have a variety of food. All good food, but it seems like the prices of the food go up every year. The service isn't consistent. I come here maybe every other week for lunch and/or dinner. Sometimes the service is quick and on point. They kind of rush you so the next group of people can sit down, though. But, if the wait is 15-20 minutes long, at least let us sit down and enjoy our food for that long. Other times, even if business is slow, the service is slow and poor. Every time I've gone, my food always comes before my drink surely. My drink seems to always come when I'm half way done with my food whether I order a smoothie, tea, specialty drink, or coffee.
Went here for the first time with my family. Honestly the food was good, however we were seated by this group who was clearly outright drunk. For a family oriented restaurant, as soon as the drunk guy near us started to swear to his friend how he was going to "f**k his girlfriend and how he was going to tear her p***y apart"  tey should HAVE gotten kicked out. . . The servers were all very nice but they did NOTHING after several groups and tables complained about them. It got to the point where this drunk table started to splash and hit my family's table and at one point picked up his hot soup and splashed some on my dad's face.. . As a restaurant, it is their job to protect their customers and this was not protecting my family and the others that were getting affected by this rowdy group.. . Note: when five tables complain to you about a certain table, it's time to do something there, instead of going over to the table and watch them until they stop doing whatever they were doing and then repeat what they were doing when you're gone.. . Customer service was just a joke.
During my college years, or at least those years I was 21+, I made several late night/early morning trips to Pho Kim Long.  Sometimes it was to feed post-clubbing munchies and at other times it was to nurse a post clubbing hangover.  Pho Kim Long was always one of the first Pho restaurants that popped up on Yelp when you searched it and in my less than 100% state I remember thinking it as pretty good.  But now that I'm a little bit older, wiser, and more sober when I eating here, it is more like 2.5 stars (I rounded up for the good blurry memories).. . A bowl of Pho is right around 7.50 which isn't cheap or crazy expensive.  You can pretty much order any combination of rare beef, tripe, tendon, meatball, etc. that suites your fancy.  They give you a very average portion of everything.  One of the things that stops me from giving them more stars is their broth.  I feel that it is all about the broth; it is what makes or breaks a bowl of Pho.  I just don't find their broth to have very much flavor like other places.. . Another reason why I can't justify giving them more stars is because their service is on the slow side.  I've been there on more than one occasion and even though they have lots of room and should have figured out a way to handle to their customer flow, I still always find myself waiting for really long periods of time for my food.  I don't really order anything fancier than a bowl of Pho so it shouldn't take that long.. . I'm sorry Pho Kim Long. I want to like you more because of our history, but you are just another average Pho Joint and nothing special in my mind.
Gotta have pho after a night drinking in Vegas. I thought the pho here was alright. I ordered the combo pho (pho dac biet $~9) and thought the portions were smaller than some other places and the broth was somewhat salty. The saltiness didn't hit me until a couple bites into the meal, but I simply added an extra squeeze of lime to counter the salty flavor.. . The price was somewhat reasonable, if you're comparing it to L.A prices. If you're comparing the price to other pho restaurants around the vicinity, it's somewhat expensive.. . The interior was well decorated, probably one of the more modern decorated pho places I've been to.. . Overall, good experience, but just A-OK on the pho pallet.
I like the food , food is amazing but the service is pretty bad maybe its because its busy but still.
Best Bun Thit Nuong Cha Gio I've ever had. Definitely get this if anything else. . . Pho Tai Chin is comparable to most other decently good pho places. . . Cafe su da is good too. . . Giving 4 stars for the Bun Thit Nuong. But knocking back 1/2 for the pho.
This place is open 24 hours, and I'm really happy about that. It's the place to go after a long night of drinking or when it's cold outside and you're craving for a hot soupy bowl of noodles.. . The ambiance is pretty nice- clean place, nicely decorated. Food-wise though, I've has much better. I think it's because of the volume of business they get. There is so many people that the kitchen churns out food at top speeds, compromising the quality of it. . . The portions are not bad noodle-wise but they are pretty stingy with the beef slices. It makes for a very incongruous looking bowl of pho- plenty of white noodles with 3 tiny thin strips of beef. Also, the spring rolls were just okay (at best) -I was not impressed for what was supposedly "the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas". I've had so much better in small mom-and-pop restaurants in Los Angeles.. . Service is top-notch. The waiters/waitresses are very attentive and see to your needs really well. . . The only reason I will return is that this place is open 24 hours. It's either this or Denny's.....and I might give the local Denny's a try next time.
I mean what can you say about this place that hasn't already been said 1000 times. . . Food is always spot on but service is awful!. We use to have decent service but past 2 times mine or my fiances food has come out wrong. The servers rarely pay attention to you when you are speaking which is why it comes out wrong.
The crowd is majority after club crowd. They come in party clothes and at least semi drunk. . . Food is alright. I have to admit I didnt have their pho but some chinese dish like wonton soup (in vietnamese style) fried clams and somw vegetable dish. Its not memorable and particularly good. The clams are frozen clams that remained the froze taste. Dont think I will go back again.
AMBIANCE: 4 - Always full of people. The line can be a long wait!! A lot of the time, when they are busy, they have you write your own name on the wait list, so make sure you're paying attention or you'll never get a table lol. . . The tables are very clean, but I wish restaurants like these didn't leave soup spoons out in the open..it's a little semi-unsanitary since I've seen kids be very touchy-feely. . . SERVICE: 3 - The service was good, but seemed very unorganized! I could never find my server as he ran all over the restaurant to wait tables. They might need to afford more staff, but there was never a moment that I had to wait a very long time for something to be done; except for getting someone to take my bill for change! . . FOOD: 4 - good food, no matter what you order! and trust me, me and my friend ordered a lot! The salt and pepper chicken wings are my favorite dish. Plus, any pan-fried noodle dish is bound to be delicious. They have a giant menu, so choose wisely :) boba drinks are too sweet though!! . . Local Specific Info: Open 24 hours.
It's a 24-hour business. I'm grateful for that because people need some solid food after clubbing at LV. And a bowl of hot noodle or chow are really helpful. Though my bf got some fried noodle and those were too salty even my bf can't stand it. My chow is pretty good but they are both large portion and we couldn't really finish it. Plus, it has its own lot parking which is easy and the service is really fast. You get your food in very waiting time.
It was good. It's supposed to be the best pho place in Vegas. I don't know about that. But it did help with the hangover! . It was pretty crowded for a Sunday afternoon. But only had to wait about 10 mins.
Very overrated.  If you are expecting good Vietnamese good, you'll need to downgrade your expectation.
Food is great. Lots of selections to choose from. Bomba Is a great dessert. Plan to be there for a while though. The service is AWFUL! Also, I got charged money to have my meat on the side, and they didn't even warn me about it. Wow.
losing a star.  Since they've gone to 24/7 hours, the prices have gone up and the quality has gone down.  They turn so many tables I don't think they care about service anymore.  Still the best spot for viet food in LV but viet food shouldn't be too expensive, it's comfort food from a 3rd world country!
24 Hours?! +1 star for you, Pho Kim Long. A place for drunchies.. . Bun Bo Hue ($8.50ish): This noodle soup used to be REALLY good here. My parents wanted to come here specifically for it, so we ordered 3 bowls. The sauce they gave with it is SO yummy, better than the broth itself, unfortunately. This time, the bun bo hue lacked flavor. I was hoping for pork blood inside because that's usually how I see it served but nada. Disappointment this time around.. . Pho Tai Sac ($7.75): Not bad! I ordered the small bowl and after 10-15 minutes of eating, my bowl looked like it had not been touched. It was like a magical bowl of never ending noodles! I didn't know how to stop it. I ate a little less than half and had to pass it onto my sister & dad to help me finish. Good amount of meat slices.. . *BE AWARE OF EXTRA TIPPING!! I had a party of 5 and we automatically got a 18% gratuity charge!
Supposedly voted the best Vietnamese restaurant in Las Vegas. This place is great because they are open 24/7 and it definitely hits the spot after a night of heavy drinking and clubbing. Food comes out quickly after you order, even when they're busy. They're quick to refill waters, which helps with that nasty hangover you are sure to be nursing.
Came here on 12-22-13 right after arriving Las Vegas for late night arrival (11:30pm). . The store opens 24/7 and was packed in mid night and service is not as great as I expect.. . Highly recommend late night dinner folks to try other late night asian restaurants in this area
I actually wanted to give this place two stars because I really don't care for it, but I realize it's a popular place and there must be good reason for that. It may be that I just don't care much for pho in general, so I'm hard to please when it comes to the subject. . . Based on the outrageous line that exists nearly every time I've been there, be it 8pm or 4am, this is a definitely a hot spot in town. Fortunately, there were only two of us so we were sat quickly. The hostess seemed annoyed at the amount of ppl waiting for tables and was just wanting to get everyone out of the waiting area, so she barely made eye contact, and a smile was entirely out of the question. . . The server possessed the same quality of indifference toward us. I realize this place is probably quantity-driven versus quality-driven, so I tried not to let the poor service bother me too much. He only came by when it was time to order, and we had to flag him down for a refill on soda. Honestly, the "water-refill guy" was more attentive than our server. . . The food was mediocre, but again, that could be because I don't have much of an affinity for pho. The broth was pretty bland, so I found myself continuously adding to it throughout the meal. Even though I ordered my pho with rare steak, I only had about 3 pieces of meat in my entire bowl. Incredibly disappointing. I will say the shrimp and pork spring rolls we had as an appetizer were delicious, however. Better than the soup, in my opinion. . . It took awhile for us to get our credit card slips back after giving them to the server to pay. A tad annoying since we were in a hurry. . . Overall, I don't plan on returning here anytime soon, BUT if you are a pho lover who doesn't mind bad service and are just there for the food, this might be the place for you! Again, I know it's one of the most popular places in the city, and there must be a reason for that, right?
