You pay for what you get. This is what my group of friends and I had to accept.. . Yes, possibly one of the affordable hotels on the strip. The exterior of the Excalibur reminds me of how I am entering some really cheesy-looking castle and once inside, there are some good things and some not-so-good-still-worth-mentioning things.. . The Goods:. - Affordable. If you're on a budget, it's possibly worth it. Just don't expect superb services. - Somewhat convenient. Loved the fact that I can take the tram from the Excalibur to Mandalay Bay (the "last" hotel on The Strip) or walk on the bridge to New York New York without having to walk on the street. - The employees were nice although I found it a bit strange seeing a supposely middle-age woman dressed in skimpy clothes. Then again, it's Vegas.. . The Not-So-Goods:. -The elevator smells like weed.. -The Hallways smells funky. Reminds me of cocoa butter lotion. - Since we ended up in Tower I on the 3rd floor, there was no reason to open the window shade since the castle's wall completely blocked our view of anything. Instead, we would either be staring at the wall or stretching our necks high to see the sky.. -Cracks on the wall, . smoke alarms looks like it was about to fall and crush one of our heads, . previous occupant clothing label stickers on the wall, dirty-looking sink, . toilet not doing its job properly since my friends and I kept thinking someone went #2. Thanks to the toilet, we had to hold any #2s until we got to the casino floors to use their toilets. . Yup. Somehow we managed to survive this all...
Well it's not the nicest resort I've stayed at in Vegas. But the room was clean, the bathroom was really big, and it was one of cheapest deals I could find on the Strip. For the price, you can't beat the location. If you're like me and you just need a place to sleep because you're spending most of your time out on the town, and you still want to be on the Strip, Excalibur is the way to go.
For a cheap, budget hotel on the strip, you cant beat it. Not classy, not super clean, but you know what? It works if your plan is to not stay in the room much. Its on the strip, tram to luxor and mandalay bay, and walking distance to most of the major hotels.
We reserved online our rooms online at vegas. com, mostly because the price was fantastic. . . When we arrived, the check in was reasonably quick, and our room was clean and comfortable. A little dated, but not bad really. . . For its' price, location, and convenience Excalibur is just fine. I don't think it deserves the low ratings it gets.
Elavators are slow. Valet is unorganized.  Not the best hotel I've stayed in on the strip. It served it's purpose for a nice 3 day trip. Just want to get away and do not need all the bells and whistles of a 5* hotel this is a good choice.
I dont understand why the ratings are so low here... Unless your staying at MGM or the Palms I think you really have to understand how the rooms are in vegas. The room I stayed in was an older room which was fine with me, how long are you actually in your room in vegas anyways?? The bed was THE MOST COMFORTABLE BED! The room was really dark (which was fine with me because I could sleep in just fine!) Yes, there were a lot of parying going on when we stayed and I dont think theres much of a noise curfew but what do you expect?. Theyre is a little bouncer guy sitting at the elevators to make sure you actually stay there which is good, unless you dont carry a key or have limited ones! The casino was okay, didnt really gambel there much. I walked over to MGM (they have a walkway that connects the two) They do have quite a bit of places to eat there which is good if you have the munchies but most close at night.. . My father in law owns a time share at the polo towers so I usually stay there but... If I couldnt, Id think about staying here again for sure. You deff save money!
It's Excalibur don't expect much and you won't be disappointed. The pools are pretty awesome though.. . Have fun!
Tower 1 was HORRIBLE! but our stay wasn't too bad because we ended up getting upgraded to tower 2 for free, so it worked out. the newer rooms were nice, the pool was awesome, and of course... hot tub! :) it wasnt the worse place but it wasnt the best... would i stay here again? meh... why not? for the price... cant beat it. (as long as i stay in tower 2)
So on the Thursday before I left for Vegas my BF calls and says, "Hey lets go to Vegas for the weekend, I will book it all now. Some friends of mine are on their way now"...me: "Ok lets go!" . . Less then 24 hours later we are on our way to Vegas! We decided to stay at the Excalibur because that is where his friends already had a room. Although it is not the type of place I would have picked, it had some great positive points:. . - BIG rooms. I was in Tower 1, which I thought I wouldnt like based on reviews and it was perfectly fine. We were on the 23rd floor and had two doubles, which was the only thing available, but perfect because we just threw our stuff on the other bed. . . - Did NOT smell like smoke in our room, MAJOR PLUS. . . - Cheap. . . - The Spa and Fitness center is A++. Yes, we did go to the gym for a few hours like freaks, but the gym and spa is the NICEST part about this place. We each had massages and sat in the sauna and whirlpool (unfortunately for us the male and female spas are separate). We left totally relaxed and ready to party after that.. . - Room service. Do it. Their "food court" selection sucks and its gross seeing all the other guests scarfing down ColdStone and Wetzel Pretzel. We did not even want to bother with the Buffet. We spent $100 on a HUGE breakfast and didnt have to move or change from our beds...SCORE. . . - Location. Easy to get to all the other hotels and casinos where you actually want to hang out. . . So overall, would I stay here again? Yes, because for the rate and the accessibility it is great. Would I hang out there while staying there? No. But thats ok, Bellagio is just down the street.
Smokey and old, but very nostalgic. I have to say I prefer some of the other hotels on the strip.
If you have the option for the same price you can probably stay at the Tropicana (3.5* through Priceline)  Otherwise the Excalibur is a pretty standard 3* Hotel.  . . For anyone that uses Priceline be VERY CAREFUL bidding in this area as Hooters is also in the same class and you definitely would be better off at the Excalibur or anywhere else besides Hooters but guess which hotel Priceline will fill first???. . And even if you can get a good price be prepared for a $12 per day resort fee.........which for this property is WAY overpriced.. . The buffet is also overpriced and is slightly better than the offerings at a Country Buffet/Golden Corral. . . Overall, the Excalibur is in a good location and the rooms are relatively well priced.
I stayed here recently for about the 10th time.  It's gotten better over the years, doing a little updating, and making the rooms a little nicer.  I can say it's not great but it's not that bad either.  I'd stay there again if I had to.  But there's not much to be said about the place it's really just a place to stay that's actually really close to NYNY, MGM, Luxor and Mandalay bay that you can access with the sidewalks outside.
I was always a little leery of staying at the Excalibur, since from the outside it seems like it might be filled with families with children. I was also suspicious because it's so cheap at certain times of the year. But...not a bad place at all! Older rooms and older decor, but a decent place to sleep, shower and rest while in Vegas. Both times I've stayed, they've upgraded my room (not a huge upgrade, mind you, but an upgrade nonetheless). I can't speak much for the restaurants, shows, or any other entertainment at the hotel, but I do know that there is a plethora of friendly, good-humored dealers waiting to help take your money, and waitresses who always keep 'em comin'.
Well it is what it is, it obviously is not new and it is old compared to the other strip places. But there are cheap food places inside and I surprised that the pool was decent. The TV reception in rooms was really bad and no HD in the sportsbook is weak.. . Not a place a place to poop if you have too 2 star bathrooms.
It was ok. The check in process took too long. The hotel was giving us the wrong room. I had to stand my ground, politely, until we got the room we had reserved and paid for. The room was nice and clean. Very comfy feather top bed. One thing, the room is never complete dark due to the drapes not going complete over the shade. So, we woke up earlier than we wanted to. Meaning, waking up after only 3 hours of sleep. By the way...no bath tubs! "It's in the small print". The hotel was built without bathtubs. I found this incredibly funny, after my annoyance wore off. No smoking room smelled good.  Another thing - pizza flyers all over the hallways.  Looked messy.  Nobody cleaned them up.
I was pleasantly surprised by Excalibur. We got the wide screen room. The tv was pretty big and the view was great. We could see the NY NY the MGM and a few other smaller attractions from the window. The room was clean, the bed was alright. . . The issues I had were with the elevator and staff. The elevator was by far the scariest I have ever been in. I heard other guests say "that didn't sound good" at least 5 times during my stay. Also, the staff was constantly hounding us to take part in their specials or pre-book our next trip. . . So, for the money it was great. Good location, good room. Somewhat sketchy crowd but what did u expect?
Good hotel for the price.....used our AAA discount.  Dont waste your money on the lunch buffet....very bland and limited items.  Kids arcade in the basement was nice...and entertaining for the kids.  Tournament of the Kings show and dinner was nice as well..!!  Recommend the stay, but go somewhere else for the buffet.
I will still contend that this is one of the better places to stay if you're taking into consideration location & price mainly.. It is very close to the main action of the strip.  They always offer extra stuff like discounts to their comedy show which is always good!. Sure their rooms aren't the Bellagio but which rooms are!?  I'm in Vegas to Eat, Drink, Smoke, Party, Club, Gamble.  Not be mesmorized by a room I only sleep & shower in. . Check it out, call them if you plan to stay.  you will usually get a better deal than what you see online.
Check in was simple... and everyone was super nice.. . Do NOT fall for the guys trying to give you free or discounted shows at checkin.  They are selling a time share and you will waste 3-4 hours of your trip sitting at a pitch.   (I didn't fall for it... but I know lots of other people who did... and once you are there.. you are stuck!). . this hotel is not in the "cool end" of the strip... which was fine with me.  It is still very centrally located and easy to get in/out of.   But if you are looking for lots of drunk frat boys and scantilly clad drunk girls, this is not your spot.  Go stay near the Bellagio.  If you are looking for something decent and maybe a little more slower in pace... the Excaliber is fine.. . Pros. . Bed is delicious.  I mean... I wish I could have taken it home, comfortable.. . Staff is generally pretty friendly. . Cocktail waitresses are quick (except for around 2am). . Conveinient lil food court upstairs...  not the best food, but quite a few lil fast food spots to choose from in a pinch.. . Nice tram to the Luxor and Mandalay bay. There is also an indoor walkway to the Luxor, so if its hot... you don't even have to go outdoors.. . Cons. . Round Table buffet was HORRIBLE.  Do NOT waste your money.  The food was cold, soggy and generally just gross.  I heard that almost all Vegas buffets were good... so, I figured we'd go to the one in our own hotel.  I would NEVER even consider going there again.  It was that gross.. . Airport Shuttle. . It doesn't run after 4pm, unless you make a special reservation.  We checked our bags with the bell hop at around 11am and told the person at the desk that we would need to get the shuttle to the airport around 6.  She told us just to go wait in the shuttle area,  but when we picked up our bags ... they said "oh, the last shutte left 2 hours ago. You should have made a reservation!"   So, we ended up having to take a cab to the airport.. . Slots aren't very friendly.  NO one was winning...  not even on the penny slots.. . Free internet... but not wireless.  Gotta plug into the ethernet cord in the room.
Pretty good hotel for the price.  The front desk was observant and noticed we had our kids with us (which by the way, if you have kids, stay just off the strip, outside Vegas or way off the strip - Vegas is not a place for the kiddos, families etc.  It use to be but not anymore).  Anyway back to the Excalibur, the front desk associate upgraded our room to the bigger TV and put us high overlooking New York New York which was great because the kids could sit and watch their rollercoaster.  It was a great thing.  Because Vegas is now the Vegas of the 20th century we decided to stay in and go to the McDonald's/Quiznos and then we brought McDonalds to the room for breakfast the next morning. . . The beds were nice, the room was clean (the shower area could have used a little TLC) but overall it was a good place to stay....for a night.
My friends and I came here over Memorial Day weekend. This is the second year that some of them stayed here, it was my first time this year. I've stayed at crappy hotels and I've stayed at luxury hotels. I stayed here because that's where my friends booked to stay at, obviously they were going for good pricing. . . We arrived to the hotel around 3AM because our flight was delayed. We had a speedy check-in, since no one else was checking in at that time. Our room was in Tower 2, they had remodeled since last year. It's better, more updated looks within the rooms. No more dark carpet or dark wallpaper. The bathrooms are upgraded with granite counter tops and lighting fixtures, flat screen tv's and new paintings. We were on the 11th floor and had a nice view of NY NY and the strip (which was better than last year's -- a view of the roof). . . Like someone else said, Tower 2 is good for being close to the pools and you have easy access to the parking lots, if you drove. There is a Baja Fresh on the main floor, on the second floor there are other fast food options -- McDonald's, Quizno's, Pizza Hut, ColdStone, Starbucks, and some chinese food place. McD's is open 24 hours.. . This hotel was worth the money, especially on the second busiest weekend of the year, when they raise prices by 200%. It's a good place to sleep, get ready, swim and eat cheaply. But if you're looking for a fancy, flashy, luxury hotel...you should probably move along to another place farther down the strip.
My wife and I were spending an extended weekend in Vegas with a friend and booked a "wide screen room" here at the last minute for around $96 a night.  Let me give you a quick run down:. . The Good: . -A wonderful newly rennovated pool area.  I was very impressed.  (Get a cabana, its worth it.)  They also have an adult pool where you can avoid cannonballs.. -Brand new spa. -Great location on the strip close to MGM Grand and Mandalay Bay. . The OK:  . -Only get the rooms in the newly renovated Tower 2.  Their clean and decently appointed for what you pay for.  You don't want to know what the Tower 1 rooms look like.  They are scary.. -Good table minimums during the day in the Casino.. . The BAD:. -You will get hounded by the timeshare people every time you walk to your hotel room.  Just smile and say no thank you.  You get used to it after a while.. -People will smoke on all floors regardless of where you are.  . -There is no security guarding the room towers.  This bothered me a bit since any yahoo off the street could wander up into the room floors.. -Bad Bad restaurants.  I recommend walking to the Luxor or Mandalay Bay Shops for food.  . . Overall, for the price and location, you can't beat it with a stick.  If your looking for something more than just a bed and a good pool, I would suggest trying another hotel.  Remember, you get what you pay for.
Pro's:. . Inexpensive:. We stayed on a weekend (Check in Friday/Check Out Monday) and paid $248 for an upgraded room.  I think the person just gave us the upgrade, but anyway $248 is a freakin' steal! When you are in Vegas all you do in the room is get ready, pregame, and get some ;) so why would I spend nearly $300 more to stay at the Mirage, Bally's, Paris, or even more at any of the mid-strip hotels?  There is always the option of Imperial Palace, but have you seen and smelled that place?  Since our room was in the updated Tower II, the rooms were very nice for the price, modern furniture, 42" flat screen TV, full-length mirror.  What more do you need people, it's Vegas?! . . Food Selection:. They have a good variety of food in their food court pizza, burgers, Asian inspired Sandwiches and snacks (pretzels & popcorn).  I am not a buffet person and struggle finishing a regular plate of food in two settings sometimes so I am not going to waste $25 on one meal unless it's gourmet.. . Location:. They are located in an easy to access spot where there are hotels (New York New York, Tropicana, MGM) surrounding and connected by a bridge.  In addition, the Luxor is connected by a corridor with an automated walkway.  They also have easy access to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay using their free tram.. . Con's. . Timeshare Sales people:. Ok, so I will admit the people trying to sell you timeshares are annoying as hell and they partially suck me in every time until Jon snaps me back into reality.  I WILL NEVER do a timeshare meeting in Vegas again. The last time we did the presentation we actually got a free stay for going, now it seems as if all they give is a show ticket.  Sorry, my time is more valuable than that. Stay away from these people they are sneaky and try to suck you in.. . Ambiance:. Ambiance is lacking...corny, touristy, and many things are outdated.. . BUT SERIOUSLY THOUGH, when it comes down to it sure it's older and smells like smoke, but we're in Vegas and since people can smoke indoors that's just how it is.  I am glad I don't always follow the advice of all the reviews prior to staying somewhere because many of the previous reviews would have detoured me from staying here and I definitely enjoyed my $250 stay.  Sometimes you just have to take things on a case-by-case basis and see what works best for you and your budget.
Meh- I wasn't exactly thrilled to hear I would be staying at this Hotel a few weeks ago. This is one of the lesser expensive options of Vegas hotels. Its pretty old, and outdated. Because it's a cheaper hotel, it brings in a lower class of visitors. To be fair, it does have a few positives. It is home to Thunder from down under. :) :) :) I kept hoping I would see some of those hot Aussie men walking around, but I never did. Its also home to Dicks (I reviewed this place previously) . All in all, I would not choose to stay here again, but its not all that bad.
Good for budget minded families and groups.. . Stay in Tower 2 if you want use the pool. . From Tower 1 you have to walk across the entire casino floor to get to the pool.. . Internet is wired only (no wifi). Good bandwidth!. . Hotel is close to the strip.. . Lots of slots and a few tables.. . Buffet was lacking for the $20 price I paid (no steak, no seafood, dry pork ribs, but at least they had prime rib).
No complaints but it's definitely not the Aria
One of my favorite places to stay in Vegas. Great location for the places I like to spend time in. And the price is usually fairly cheap to be on the strip in a hotel with a casino. . . Gambling is pretty chill, but it does get packed. There are definitely some families around (there is an arcade below the casino floor). . . It's attached to other hotels, which is awesome when you don't want to deal with the heat, but are looking for another scene.
I suppose I do consider myself budget minded when it comes to Vegas. My ideology behind my hotel room is that in Vegas, you're only going to go there to change, sleep, or utilize the toilet if you have a bad hangover. I am not going to scrutinize every detail or complain about the decor here, because despite its cheesy theme, I enjoy it. Who doesn't appreciate the medieval period of history? I sure as hell appreciate it! . . It's been a while since I have stayed here, but I enjoyed my stay. I was pleasantly surprised at the room. I thought because people bitched and moaned about how old and worn down this place was, that it would resemble a roach motel. It was a nice, quaint little room with semi comfortable beds. I am not picky about what I sleep on, as lon g as it is some what soft. I am pleased to say that I slept my buzz off during my whole stay there.. . I didn't gamble on any slot machines, but from what I recall, even in my alcohol induced state of mind, it seemed more family friendly. I saw a lot of families there, so I didn't spot that much eye candy. I was disappointed, but not too disappointed. I also don't recall finding a bar of choice at the casino, so I can't make a comment about that. The place was sprawling, from what i remember, and it was quite a walk from our room to where all the activity was, but I didn't mind. I was happy that I could burn SOME of all the calories I acquired from all the tasty drinks I sipped on.. . Last but not least, it all comes down to the food court. I have a weird ritual when I drink. I attempt to not eat so I can get inebriated quicker. Mathematically, it sounds great because it means I don't have to spend much money. Or so I assume. Anyway, after many nights of drunkenly walking across the casino, with a pair of heels on on one hand, and a clutch in another, we all went to the food court so it wouldn't hurt in the morning. Although there were not a lot of choices for the calorie minded, our group simply didn't care because we wanted to eat in the comfort of our hotel. We all adjourned in the food court, and what was our option? Mcdonald's! Well, it was quite alright with us. We were okay with grubbing on salty fries, and eating as many burgers as we could so we didn't have to complain about a dry throat and a throbbing headache in the morning.. . Excalibur isn't glamorous by any means. If you are a baller and have large amounts of money to your name, this won't suffice. Go and invest in a wonderful suite, and enjoy all that luxury for me. For po' folk like yours truly, this was quite alright for me. I had a comfortable bed, air conditioning that worked, and a mirror to get ready in front of. Granted, the lighting was horrible, but that's why it is common knowledge that after you are done applying make up,, you should drink so you think you look club ready. All in all, good stay.
clean rooms, fast room service, friendly staff all over. . had to find a place to stay for a week for my friend's APP convention, we got a deal here, only $30 a night. can't argue with that. . . my main concern were bedbugs, didn't get any of that. . . the pool area was solid, with its own separate adult section which is convenient. . . fun place. no major complaints. for the price, it was mad comfy.
This hotel looks like an enchanted castle. We didn't stay here, but enjoyed the all-you-can-eat lunch buffet for dirt cheap. There was plenty to choose from and everything was fresh. Not generous with the seasoning tho, but I probably didn't need those extra sprinkles of salt anyway.
If you're looking for a clean, cheap hotel room on the Strip then Excalibur is a good choice - but there's nothing glitzy or glamorous about the hotel. Again, just clean and cheap. . . If you want a luxury Vegas vacation then this is definitely not the hotel for you.
If you're looking for a nice clean place to pass out from partying all night then this is the place for you. Not a glitzy hotel, but I personally would rather pay less for a room so I could have more money to do other stuff. The pool was nice and clean..perfect for 100+ degree weather.
My friends and I needed a cheap, clean hotel room since we didn't plan to stay in there much and wanted to save money for other Vegas experience instead... Imperial Palace was the first choice, but we never even seen the hotel building before so we opted for Excalibur! We weren't all that excited about the hotel since we stayed at better ones like Bellagio and Aria before, but the price was good! . . A week before our trip, I reserved the Widescreen Tower, Queen non-smoking room for the weekend. But then a day before checking in, I found a 20% off coupon. Of course, I pulled out my calculator to see how much I would save. The original payment was supposed to be $278, but $232 after the discount. So excited, I immediately called in!. . Then the call representative burst my bubble. She said I wouldn't save as much as if I did my reservation online, and since there was a $10 service fee to lower my rate, it would only be around $14. I said no thanks. Hours later, I called back and was greeted by a nice lady. She actually gave me the online rates! And surprisingly at check-in, I wasn't charged the $10 service fee!. . If you really need an affordable hotel, then this might work for you.  It isn't fancy like other ones. My hotel room was clean though. I didn't have problems with the service or staff . Also, my first time with self-parking wasn't so bad either. The parking lot was out in the open and easy to find. It wasn't stuffy and dark like the ones at MGM or Paris. The inside restaurants aren't so great but not pricey. One of the restaurants, Dick's Last Resort, is considered one of America's weirdest restaurants, according to NBC. Check it out if you're in the mood for something... different. . . . Beware though... if you're really against the smell of cigarettes, don't ever enter the smoking floor! I stayed at the 27th non-smoking floor but because the ice machine was slow at making ice, I went to the next floor, and oh boy,  the cigarette smell was disgusting! Another downside is that the hotel is at the end of strip, so the walking will suck for you if you don't drive around or want to take the monorail (the closest station is at MGM Grand). They also have two trams to Mandalay Bay and Luxor.
This is the hotel to go to if:. . 1.  You've only got 4 people in your party. 2.  You want to go real cheap with hotels but still want to be on the strip. 3.  You're down to walk to the more happenin' hotels/clubs. . I've been here several times with smaller groups, and it's always for a good deal.  Nothing spectacular about the rooms (but who stays in all day, anyways?).  There are a couple places to eat (mostly wings), but really-just make that trek toward the more popular places-it's good cardio.
Definitely opt for the remodeled rooms if you can, because they are definitely acceptable... the remodeled rooms are 'close' to the typical rooms at TI. The older rooms (which I actually haven't stayed in for many years, so I don't remember) are probably so-so.. . This or Tropicana is usually extremely cheap for on the strip. It's just too bad you're all the way at the beginning where non of the action is.. . Still, the few times I came to Vegas Excaliber has severed well enough.
A lot better than I remembered, but I guess it's because they remodeled. Not a horrible hotel, but more for families. If you're coming here with a bunch of friends and want a more 'happening' scene, don't stay here. unless you're on a budget because the rooms are way cheaper than other areas of the strip. but remember, if you stay here because the rooms are cheaper, remember that cab fair to major clubs like XS or Tao will be higher since you're further down the road. So that may cancel out your savings.
It's an old tacky hotel, who saw better times during the 20 years it's been in service. . . BUT the beds are comfy, the rooms are clean and there is a large flat tv screen and free internet. You sleep really well, it's not too noisy and it's in a perfect location for a ridiculous price. Oh! And they re-did their pool area which is large even though it's missing a little bit more shade.
The updated tower is great with comfy beds, a flat screen tv and nice bathrooms at an unbeatable price.  The casino is tacky and old but I kind of like that.  The location is perfect.  The redone pool is nice.  The staff are usually unfriendly in general and we had a huge mess at checkout with my overcharged credit card that they NEVER fixed nor returned a phone call for and I had to do a charge back through my bank.
If you are on a budget this is the hotel to come to. I actually stayed at this hotel/casino because it was cheaper than any hotels I found off the strip (and obviously being near the strip has it's perks). . . Some of the rooms are nicer than others although even the non-renovated ones (like I was in) aren't too bad. Plain and old fashioned but I was just passing through.. . It does suck that you have to pay extra for wi-fi. That was disappointing but I managed with a tethered iPhone. Overall it was pretty good...and inexpensive. And of course it has everything a Vegas hotel needs--a plethora of bars/casinos/food options on the first floor.
3.5 stars. . I had extremely low expectations. The wait to check-in at 12am  did not make it better. BUT, the coupon book that they gave us had a lot of great deals. The hotel room was cleaner than I expected. I especially love the blue and white theme, which really reminded me of a castle in a children's storybook. This hotel was booked about 100/night. Keep in mind that they have resort fees. It does not matter when you check, however early or late, they still charge you the resort fee for the dates you booked. Overall pretty decent.
Stayed here during Labor Day Weekend 2011.  This hotel was the cheapest vacation package I could get for this popular holiday weekend through Orbitz.  Not the caliber of hotel I tend to gravitate, however for a quick Vegas romp, this did the trick.  Actually, the "twenty dollar sandwich" did the trick and made all the difference:  http://www.thetwentydollartrick.com/. . My package came with a standard room.  After researching the Internet, the consensus was that Tower 1 rooms were sh*t and I needed to get upgraded.  So I discreetly inserted a folded twenty between my state ID and credit card when asked for identification at registration.  I asked if I could be upgraded and the receptionist acquiesced and placed me in a non-smoking Tower 2 Widescreen Room  with two Queen beds and updated decor.  Despite the somewhat uncleanliness of the bathroom, it suited my needs and the comfy beds helped me get some needed rest between my exploratory treks during the insanely hot days.  The air conditioner worked like a breeze and maintained a comfortable 74 degrees always.. . Including the stellar receptionist that upgraded me (well, motivated by money), the staff throughout remained helpful and pleasant.  The theme and general casino was tacky (as was many of the clientele), but suited those that tend to enjoy the 90's Vegas theme vibe or those who rather spend their money at the casino rather than on a glitzy hotel room.. . #Yelp 365:  038/365
Only making a review for the Hotel, not the casino as i'm not the gambler type.. . We stayed in Tower 2 for 1 night, and had a clean and spacious room, with a large bathroom, the beds were comfy and we had a good night. But nothing much more to say, no breakfast included. . . In the morning we used the pools as well, they were clean, and guarded good, the only thing I have to mention is the over protectiveness I noticed, but I guess it's an American thing we as Europeans weren't used to.. . We didn't have Wifi, but did have a cable internet in the room, which was a bit outdated, especially since most of us had mobile devices.
Another fun visit to our favorite budget Las Vegas property.  We stayed 4 nights in Tower 2 and had absolutely no problems.  If in your travels you choose La Quinta or Hampton Inn for overnight stays, you'll be very satisfied with the "Wide Screen Rooms" in Tower 2.  Don't spend your fun money on expensive rooms where you'll spend little time.  This room was about $50 per night but don't forget the added $15 per day resort fee which I could do without since we don't use the pool or spa and use our phones for email/internet.  Use your head and don't try to check in at 3:00 when everyone else is doing same.  We checked our bags with bell service and went to the poker room for a couple of hours after which there was no line and check in was instantaneous.  . . I haven't had the buffet in years but then I haven't had any buffet in years.  No coffee shop since they closed Sherwood Forest, but the Luxor Pyramid Cafe is a short walk and serves great breakfast.  Several fast food options upstairs along with Baja Fresh downstairs.. . This casino has one of the best low roller Poker rooms around.  Dealers are competent and friendly and their tournaments make consistently - something that cannot be said about all card rooms these days.  My only complaint about the Excalibur is the smoke in the casino, though it does seem a bit better than in past years it still permeates clothing and brings on allergies.
I ended up in Vegas on a whim/two hour notice with three girlfriends who were all on a budget. We wanted to stay on the strip for under $75 a night and Excalibur was the only "name-brand" casino that fit the bill. . . I stayed here when I was a minor several times, so I pretty much knew what the expect taking into account that the place had aged 15+ years since I'd last been there. . . Excalibur is far from luxury or new, but it is really adequate for a cheap stay for a night or two in town. The location on the strip is actually pretty great, and a brisk walk to MGM, Luxor, Mandalay Bay, Tropicana, and NYNY. We did not use the pool, but it looked updated and actually kind of cool - although not the best choice for adults. Excalibur seriously lacks good eats, and the food court is HORRIBLE, but they do sport a Dick's.. . Overall, it was fine, not special, but inexpensive... and our room did NOT smell.
It would have literally been cheaper, for me to stay at Wynn/Encore, but for some reason, my aunt LOVES the Excalibur hotel. Fine, we'll stay here.. . At LEAST, we stayed in a suite. It was on the top floor, and the rooms were pretty nice.. . My gripe with Excalibur is pretty much the same as with Wynn/Encore...they're both on almost the complete opposite ends of the "happening" part of the strip.. . One more thing that I noticed...Excalibur is borderline ghetto, clientele wise. Every morning, as I walked through the casino lobby, I felt like I was in Riverside county, or, at best, Orange county. (Sorry Orange county, that's how I view your piece of CA). . Oh, and if you have a nicer car, you may not want to come here, as most of the parking, is outdoors. It's not snobbish, it's just that, the sun can be pretty harsh, on car paint.
Over Labor Day weekend, we stayed here for four nights.  And it was better than what I had expected.  It had been remodeled since I saw it last.  The room was spacious and the pillows were comfortable.  Other than that, it was like any hotel room.  Nothing special.. . The casino I feel has the worst ventilation system of any of the hotels I have walked through.  I felt like just walking to my room made my clothes reek of smoke.  I guess I am just used to Chicago with their smoke-free restaurants and bars.  . . I did like the pool area.  They have 3-4 pools with one of them having a slide.  It was nice cooling off in the water and just having down time with family.  . . Would I stay here again?  Probably.  The value is too good to pass up and seriously, most people don't stay in the rooms very much. It's pocket friendly which I am always a fan of.
We stayed here for one week and really enjoyed it. Compared to other hotels on the strip, this place is sort of a dump, however our room was clean and nice and comfortable. We found the beds to be very comfortable, and there was very little noise from the hall or other rooms. It's easy to walk from Excalibur to everywhere else on the strip, so if you get a good deal on a room here, definitely take it instead of paying more elsewhere. The casino is dark and a little smokey but it does have high "castle" ceilings. This place is so cheesy. It has a moat... No wifi but has ethernet cords in each room.
ok, so i don't visit Vegas often...... so i didn't stay in a bunch of different hotels...... so i am not very picky about the places i DO stay at...... . but, what i do know is..... . Excalibur is good because: .  - one of the cheaper hotels ON the strip.  - they have a fun little arcade "dungeon" for the kids (and the big kids).  - the rooms are decent in size, clean, and comfy (Tower 1).  - it has connecting walkways to the Luxor and New York New York .  - they have non-smoking rooms to stay in... thank you baby jesus. . . BUT, it is crappy because: .  - the buffet kinda sucks, but its cheap... but it sucks.  - the ventilation inside the casino is crap, so it stinks. the cigarette smoke just circulates (the Venitian on the other hand has great ventilation).  - they try to trick you into a "discount" trap by asking you to visit a new hotel/casino (its like what happens when you get tricked into a timeshare).  - they have 3 pools, BUT they only open the biggest pool for use during the summer months.... the rest of the year it is closed, so the other smaller pools are over-crowded. . ALSO - .  - just so you know, they do not have Wi-Fi, but they do have a data cable you can use for free in your room with a laptop . . . overall, its not great, but  its not horrible, especially if you're trying to save a buck on hotels in Vegas.
Went to Vegas the weekend of October 13-17th for my cousins wedding. We got a great deal on a room at Excalibur. . . We enjoyed the room- nothing fancy but clean and upgraded. My sister stayed at Luxor and other family at Mandalay Bay. It was very convenient going back and forth between hotels with the connecting walkways. . . The pools at Excalibur are really nice (nicer than Luxor for sure).  . . I have nothing negative to say about Excalibur hotel. I would stay there again.
This place is a fun casino and hotel.  The rooms were clean and comfortable.  They have a fun atmosphere to place poker with live dancers, just outside of Dicks Last Resort.  Dick's is a very fun place to eat at inside of the casino if you like rude servers with an attitude and a sense of humor. We had a good experience here with everything except for the buffet.  Go somewhere else for the buffet.
I don't understand the bad reviews.  There is nothing special about this hotel but not bad IMO.  You get live music at the bars.  Beds and pillows are comfortable.  My only complaint is the grand view reps trying to earn your business.  Self parking and valet is available.  And you have a bridge to connect you luxor and mandalay bay.  Overall its not a bad hotel but at the same time there is nothing great about it either.
We stayed there Halloween, 2011. It was a nice enough hotel. On the plus, the room was large, the bed was very comfortable and the housekeeping staff was friendly and timely We also enjoyed the all day buffet pass. On the minus, they charged us $12.5 per day for services such as the fitness room even though we didn't use it once during our three night stay. We would have preferred to have other amenities such as a refrigerator in our room. Our biggest issue with the hotel is the Time Share employees by our room elevators constantly pushing us to stop and listen to their pitches for their time shares.
A good way to sum up Excalibur is "It is what it is". . It's not a bad hotel, and it's not a great one. It's clean, safe, people are typically friendly. I like that side of the strip, and it's close enough to a tram. The resort fee is decent too compared to some others.. . But, it's older, and misses a lot of the fancy niceities that you get in the newer hotels. The decorations aren't great, AC (but no climate control), sheets and towels aren't great. But you get what you pay for. . . People complaining about it: if you really were expecting more from it, then you should have paid more and went to one of the newer casinos to get all those things you wanted. Do more research, people; it's no secret that Excalibur isn't the Bellagio, etc. . But if you want a decent place to hang your hat for a reasonable price, it works just fine. Not great, but again, not terrible.
review for the casino floor.  3 & 1/2 stars.  i have written this joint off as ghetto & too big(lots of long-distance walking).  we had to walk thru before & after riding the tram.  i found the floor to be buzzing w/excitement & non-douchy young people 11pm on a sunday nite.  nice new carpeting. i cantell they have good management that makes the floor fun.  i wanted to play table games, but didn't have time.  dicks last resort had an awesome cover band rockin' .   i'll check out excalibur next time i'm nearby, & maybe eat at dick's .   i have recently found that single deck 21 is the way to go , cuz the dealers bust more than multi-deck
We just came in to check it out. It was, of course, medieval themed and it kept with the whole castle theme pretty good....except for the whole Sponge Bob thing it had going on. If I had more time I would have checked out the tournament of kings dinner show but I do understand it is as good as dinner shows go.
I stayed here for 4 days and 3 nights in Nov and the experience wasn't so bad.  The room and bathroom was clean.  The room is nothing fancy more like a motel feel to it.  Hallways are dark and dingy but your in a castle right, lol.  The walls are pretty thin, I had some noisy neighbors blasting their radio the first day but they weren't up all night so that turned out fine. The lines were pretty long checking in and out, around a 15 minute wait. The room was $300 with taxes and resort fees, Sat thru Tues.  It's a good cheap place to sleep but next time I think I rather find something in the middle of the strip.
I stayed here a few years ago as a poor college student on my first trip to Vegas.  The prices are great for the strip and the location is good too.  . . However, the entire hotel is horribly out-dated and smokey.  They definitely need to make renovations to keep up with all the other hotels.  The best thing going for Excalibur is the price.
Fulfilling my sons birthday wish of staying a night in the "castle" for only $39 is a great deal. This isn't a 5 star luxury resort but it's not bad. I've definitely stayed in worse rooms that I've paid more for. The beds were comfy there was air conditioning and the bathroom was big and clean. While there was no bath tub or huge flat screen tv I think this room was good. And for $39 what do you expect. I would not be afraid to tell my family to stay here when they visit.
You get what you pay for so that being said, it was cheap, and it felt that way.  We pulled up, walked a half a mile to the registration desk, to a mile long line.  Ok not a mile, but a good healthy line.  It did go faster than I thought it would, I was expecting to check-in and out at the same time by the looks of the line, but luckily I got to sleep here as well. ;-)  We got to our room and housekeeping was in it "getting the room ready"  aka sorta cleaning but more intrigued by the Maury Povich show on the television.  We asked if we could come in the room, she looked at us strange, understandably so, Im sure it was odd for a couple to come to the room that she was cleaning.  She asked for our key to make sure that we had the right room, which we did, and then let us in the room, while she finished making the bed, vacuuming and whatnot. Still watching the TV.  We just laughed it off....whatever.  The room was nothing great, nothing horrible.  There was a bunch of hair in the bathroom which is always off putting, and the toilet paper holder was so far away from the toilet I had to get my go go gadgetarms to reach the TP.  It was a non smoking floor, however, due to the smell, I don't think that our last tenants abided by the non smoking policy.  They tried to cover it up, but that just tends to add insult to injury.  Had a hard time sleeping in the bed, but whatever, like I said you get what you pay for, and to me, saving some $$ for a good meal or two is more than worth it.  If you are on a budget and are okay with less than amazing service, stop by.  You won't be wowed, but you will have a place to stay.
Tower 2 is where you want to stay. It is remodeled, the rooms are great, and you also can have a serious view of the strip. One down side was that the walls seemed thin and I could hear some other people next to us in the morning. Other than that, we had a decent stay, far away from the smoking and you couldn't even tell. We stayed only for 1 night, ended up gambling most of the night away and left the next morning. I would come back to this hotel though.
Good for the price! In a pinch I found myself staying here and really why do you need luxe in Vegas? Most of the time I'm out and about and when I'm done, I'm just looking for a place to crash. Is it old? Yep. Kinda smelly? Uh huh. Ghetto with tons of kids running about? Absolutely. But if you're looking for a place just to rest your head and you didn't plan ahead Excalibur fits the bill. It's loads better than Tropicana which is about the same price. Plus, it has the Tournament of the Kings which is hilariously corny but fun and cheap either way.
Its no Vdara, but i still had a good time. haha..... . Rooms have been slightly upgraded, so for the Excalibur, its pretty decent place to sleep in.... take a taxi and venture out to the rest of Las Vegas Blvd.
So usually when I make a Vegas trip, I'm up for staying at wherever is cheapest. Because honestly, you're not going to be partying in the hotel room all night. You're going to be out and about! Sure maybe some pre-gaming in the room before the club is a must, but other than that, I just need a place to knock out after the sun comes up and your partied out lol. Thats just me though.. . The last time i stayed here was Labor Day weekend of this year and i was able to book for $79 a night! And that was last minute too. Cheap! We saw Afrojack and Skrillex at XS that weekend and it was great! We spent less money on our room and were able to spend more on partying!. . The room we had was a standard with two queen beds in the new tower. It was good for the price. It was a non smoking room with windows facing the pool. Well we smoked anyway but the thing that sucked was we could only open the window a crack! I guess they dont want people jumping off the 11th floor into the pool lol.. . Man this is a lame review i know. But i can honestly say that i would stay at Excalibur again if I need a cheap room directly on the strip.
The entire lobby is very smokey. The lamps were broken when we arrived, and service took a while. The sheets weren't very clean and the bathroom just was not up to standards. Overall, a good place to crash for a night or two, especially for the price. But nothing fancy.
Hey man, for an aging, 21-year-old hotel on The Strip, it's doing pretty well. It's pretty well kept and the carpet is clean. I'm surprised it hasn't gone down hill more. It could do with some upgrades, but it's pretty "vintage" compared to the other stuff on The Strip. It's one of the last places you can actually take your family, as it has an arcade, and an even more decent arcade (Gameworks) not too far away.
We have not stayed here personally, but last March we came to Vegas with a "friend couple" of ours and they stayed here. They had one of the "refurbished" rooms and it was surprisingly nice. Cute brown bed spreads with modern decorative pillows, nice dark furniture and a flat screen tv. The bathroom was huge as well, which is always nice (good counter space for make up). I do have to say I'm a little scared to see what the old rooms look like...hehe. Anywho, for the price and the fact that it is on the strip, you really can't beat it. Other reviewers are complaining about the most comical things...like that there is no bath tub-when have you taken a bath on vacation in Vegas? Not getting perfect sleep...Again, you're in Las Vegas...Slamming of doors...that happens in all hotels. I mean really people, for 40-70 bucks a night, these are things you really shouldn't be complaining about. If you want luxury, go to the Paris or something like that! You get what you pay for, and I think for the price this is very reasonable. The room was clean, nice size, beds were comfy and the Casino is fun. We are staying here in March 2012 so I will let you know from my own experience how it is.
We just got back from Vegas and we stayed at Excalibur.. . PRICE: Fair. . CUSTOMER SERVICE: Fair, but the lady should not have been chewing gum.. . CASINO AREA: Moderately clean, Elevators were filthy with trash.. . BEDROOMS: Clean and had all the necessary amenities.  The walls seemed really thin because EVERYTHING can be heard from the room next to ours. . OVERALL ENVIRONMENT: Enjoyable. . PARKING: We had reservations and the valet was completely full.  They need to reserve valet parking for people who have reservations. We were not happy with that.  People who came to just gamble and sight-see took up the valet parking.. . When you compare this hotel to the Venetian or Paris, it does not compare. If you compare it to the motels or the much older casinos on the strip, it seems OK.
We stayed here on my first Vegas trip with my 6 year old daughter.  She LOVED the castle theme of course.   Fairly easy check-in except we were told there was an additional 20.00/night per room (we had 2 rooms) for a "resort fee".   That added quite a bit to our thinking we got a good rate thru Orbitz!  The pool was ice cold and opened  very limited hours so my 6 yr. old was quite disappointed.  We stayed in Tower II which apparently has been remodeled.  The beds were comfy, we had a nice flat screen TV, stand up shower and granite counters in the bathroom.   Not bad except the room was bare of any amenities.   We all complained there wasn't even a friggin' coffee pot in the room.  We had to schlump downstairs in the morning for our caffeine fix and pay a ridiculous price of around $6.00 at one of the coffee carts.   For the price, I thought they could have done a better job with the rooms as far as perks..  .  As previous reviewers said, the whole place reeks of cigarettes.  YUCK.   I know it's Vegas and the casinos allow smoking,  but the hallways and elevators smelled really bad. . .   My daughter loved the arcade games on the lower level and there are some cool shops, Mcdonalds and other fast food restaurants upstairs.    . . Overall, I rate this experience a 'C' and will stay elsewhere next time.
I have been to this hotel several times and the only reason we keep coming back is because it very cheap for being so close to the strip. All of the other hotels around are pretty expensive. We got a non-remodeled room, because it was the cheapest option, and it was just OK. They told us when we made the reservation that they have upgraded some of the things in the room so I was expecting there to be new things. The only thing that was new in the room was the TV and everything else was very old. On our second night we walked the strip and when we came back to our room our key card would not work. We tried several times to get into our room and it just wasn't working. So we went to the registration desk told them our key card wasn't working and they gave us new ones and told us to keep them away from other credit cards and cell phones. So we go back to our room and try the new key cards and they still didn't work. At this point we were mad, went back downstairs and complained. They told us they will send security and they will be able open the door for us. 10 minutes later security comes up and tries getting into our room. Well that didn't work either. So he called engineering to come open the door. He left and we waited 15 more minuets for engineering to come and he finally was able to unlock our door with this hanger looking tool. So after an hour we were able to get in our room and go to sleep. The engineer told us to call the locksmith in the morning so he could check it out. So the next morning we call the locksmith and he comes to our room and tells us our key card reader is dirty. I'm thinking "sure it is" and he cleans it. We only had one more night at the hotel so I wash't going to make a big deal and change rooms but I would have if we were staying longer because I am sure the same thing would happen again in the future. . . So overall, I had a pretty good experience here but my only advice is to pay a little extra and stay in the remodeled rooms.
This place wasn't too bad.  For a hotel and casino being inthe strip, you definately get bang for your buck.  After staying in "classier" hotels i don't think I'll be staying here as a guest.  . . The gambling here is a different story, i love gambling here.  Seemed like when shooting craps dealers and players knew what they was doing..last thing anyone buddy wants is when someone is messin with their money...dumb asses asking "whats a horn high yo" blah blah blah...get some lessons and dont mess up everybody's momentum (not sure if i spelled that right).. . all and all, bang for your buck...remember, when it comes to vegas, you get what you pay for.  . . Don't expect anyone calling you "mah lady" or "Mi lord"
Okay, this hotel...definitely not the classiest. But with the deal we got, I have to give it at least 3 stars. The hotel itself is for sure geared more for children. You can tell this is an older hotel that hasn't been remodeled much. The room we stayed in had some funky odor... model/smoke/vomit maybe... and it looked like it was a flash back from the 70's. We had the deluxe suit, which is the most basic room. But like I said, for the price, you really can't beat it. And do you really spend much time in your hotel anyway? Not necessarily. It's at the end of the strip, so lots of walking. There is a okay selection of fast food establishments and Buca de Beppo's, which is always good, however, we didn't have a fridge to keep any leftovers. Across the street and down the road a bit is a complex of fast-food restaurants too that are open 24/7, so that was a good option for after a night of drinking, along with Fatburger ($25 for 2 burgers meals...it is Vegas). All in all we paid $675 told for flight/hotel for 2 people and we were in Vegas! So for us broke college students it was a great option! Ooh- but their buffet.... TERRIBLE... seriously- the only thing ediable was the soup & lunchmeat/cheese. Their gatorade and strawberry ice cream really tastes like pepto bismol!!!! Nooo kidding... I mean i know we're in Vegas and my stomach is hurting, but injecting pepto in your gatorade and strawberry ice cream is not helping!!
Not the cream of the crop, but decent accommodations considering our length of stay.  We got in super late and only stayed one night.  . . I think the Excalibur has a good concept going on, but it wasn't really shown in the style of hotel room.  The room was just like any other average, run-of-the-mill hotel room: clean, but nothing special.  The rooms also have free Internet, but it isn't Wi-Fi.. . If you are looking for a cheap hotel on the Strip, this place is for you.  If you are looking for the quintessential Las Vegas hotel, stay elsewhere.
I like this place because it's one of the last "themed" casinos in Vegas. All the rest have been blown up and replaced with carbon copies of themselves.  The rooms were pretty standard and the casino is always really busy and filled with people.  It's not a bad deal for the price and it's located in the heart of the strip with easy access to the Luxor, Mandalay, MGM and NY NY.
I feel silly admitting this,but the only reason I was in the Excalibur was for their buffet.. . Yep.
I've been to this property several times for shows, so this review is for the casino and showroom only.. . The Excalibur is dated.  I was surprised by the fact that I didn't dislike it as much as I thought I would.  The place is large and finding the steps to the second floor took me awhile, but once I did it, I was able to get to the second floor showroom easily.. . I am always surprised by the large number of people that are in the casino.  Even when the economy was at its lowest, the place always seemed to be busy.. . The showroom on the second floor, which is shared  by several productions, is a nice enough room.  The long tables with 8 seats per table can be a little uncomfortable as they have them very close to each other. If the show is good, you don't think of this.. . Parking is good in the garage in the back, but it may give you a longer walk to get into the casino.  I generally try to find a surface spot parallel to Trop.. . While not one of my favorites on the Strip, the Excalibur is OK for the reasons I go there.
First hotel where I've ever gotten attitude for wanting my room cleaned. (And I wasn't even requesting that they get the filth stains out of the sofa!) After they failed to come during the day they accused me of having the privacy hanger on the doorknob. Then offered to bring me towels but "it might be a few hours before we could get someone there." When I said that was fine because I heading out they replied, "oh so you actually want your room CLEANED?" Nah, just swing by and piss on my suitcase please.. . They offer the latest in technology with wired internet, but don't fear, the ethernet cord is about 20 feet long, providing easy access around your room. Just don't trip over it.. . The Sherwood Forest bar featured the drunkest bartender I have ever been served by, and that is an accomplishment. She took my free drink vouchers (2 per day through the resort fee) with pleasure and spent a good 15 minutes searching for a bottle of gin. Also spent a while staring at the cash register before counting out someones change, and then forgot that they were directly behind her. It was one of the most entertaining shows I have seen in Vegas.. . Don't get me wrong, I expected my budget-ass stay inside a castle to be this way. Every time I want to reminisce I look at the picture of the view from my room, that includes some broken wooden pallets on gravel next to the employee smoking area. It looked like there had once been a tree, but it was cut down for obvious reasons like being aesthetically pleasing.. . I would probably go back for the absurdity.
There dealers can make you rich, can't say much about there hotel
Inexpensive, nice room, yes, you have to walk a lot. Big enough. Comfy enough. Kinda noisy, but this is LV. Their resort charge at $15/day is misleading, and dishonest. But this is LV, and many things are misleading and dishonest; just be prepared to pay the $$ each day. The Internet is wired, and reasonably fast, I found. . . No smoke smell in non-smoking rooms, too. Hear that Circus Circus? . . Caveat: I wasn't here to gamble or take advantage of the local entertainment venues at the hotel. I didn't eat there, either. In all, pretty reasonable for what I needed: cheap hotel near the Mandalay Bay, which was my convention destination.
When I go to Vegas (for fun, not work) I'm there to party. Not sit in my hotel room. Having said that, the Excalibur totally met my expectations. The room was clean, comfortable and the hotel itself was close to a lot of the attractions we were interested in (NY NY, Luxor, etc.). . There's a good selection of cheaper restaurants and the pool area is great. The location is good and all in all it was an ideal stay. . . I always say that in Vegas you get what you pay for - I personally choose to pay for drinks and fun as opposed to uber fancy hotels.
I've stayed here in the past and probably will inthe future but this review won't be too favorable. . It started with walking in and the view, I know I know, Vegas, who needs a view. A view is nice, I called my room the "Jake and Elwood Blues suite", the monorail rodae through every 15 minutes or so. (funny). (Better than my friend's view, a brick wall...). On to the cleanliness, not too clean. The room was straight, there was visible damage to the wall and ceiling. The bathroom was not clean at all. Used soap on the shower soap dish, a large clump of hair on top of the shower door and one roll of toilet paper. The walls of the shower were a bit mungy as well. . The hotel advertises widescreen TVs. They most certainly aren't HD though. (again when one is in Vegas one doesn't watch too much TV.. ). The "Lobby Bar" was offering free drinks with coupons. Good luck getting a bartender. As soon as one sees you have one of the little blue coupons they walk the other way and help everyone else at the bar before you. (I suggest going to the Sherwood Bar at the other side of the lobby, the bartenders are nicer and will serve you right away). The food court was good, clean and filled with options. . The buffet, the first breakfast was pretty good, the last one I had could have been better. . The pool was great, the hours, not so great. 7 pm close?  Other hotels have a later pool closing, why wouldn't Excalibur?. . In the end, the experience wasn't bad. I'd return and stay again. The rates were good and we were able to reserve rooms for all the people in my group meeting up. . . If you have the choice, request a higher up room in tower 2, lower level tower 1 rooms are a bit, outdated.
We didn't stay here just toured the facility along the strip. It was fun to stop in and see everything.
I've stayed a fewtimes because they are cheap but honestly they aren't that low priced anymore and the quality is not the best. They have 2 towers and only one of them is newly renovated. The rooms are nicer than the other tower but of course more expensive. Room service is expensive, they don't have free wi-fi, and there is really nothing super special about their amenities compared to other hotels.. . I do like the location because it is connected to other hotels so you never have to walk out of the hotel, you can just travel from the inside. Excalibur is pretty outdated looking and overall it's a decent place to stay but if prices keep rising I would rather pay for better quality.
Stayed here for a couple nights in January and it was just what we needed... a cheap place to drink and rage with friends. All 8 of the rooms booked with our party even came with either random hairs or blood, too! Bonus! . . That really didn't lessen the appeal for me though because you can't really have expected more for what we were paying.
06/03/12 to 06/05/12. The real thing i love this hotel but every time we go we have to pay extra for every little thing this time for view for the strip we have to pay extra the nice room extra because they did no renew the other side of the other tower like a guess from the hotel they not give nothing free . and I'm agree they need to improve the shows and the amenities
The Excalibur (basically at the end of the strip) could be better but it has always met my expectations. I've stayed there 3 different times because the pricing was good for what I needed (but I have stayed at expensive hotels on the strip so I have a good idea of amenities to value ratio). For the price and the amenities you get its worthy to look into, especially if you have kids and you need an easy place for them to hang out at downstairs. . 1. Low cost rooms but clean and everything worked.. 2. Security at each tower for your safety. Nice touch and they were friendly too.. 3. If you or your kids like arcades, show's with horses, Medieval Castles? Here's your place but don't expect its all magical cause its a bit old. They are trying to fix the place up bit by bit but its a big job and again, its a very low cost in comparison to many strip hotels. The Tournament of Kings is a really fantastic show and a must see for visitors. The hotel offers 2 and 3 for price of 1 deals often which is a great deal.. 4. Other cool hotels and shops are within a nice walk (New York, Mandalay, Luxor, MGM, M&M shop, the Arcade Shop (where there are tons of great arcade games), and a few others.. 5. The casino floor is nothing original. Its a big place and its not easily marked so you have to get used to where you're at so you know where you're going. Pool area is exceptionally nice when its open.. 6. Staff were cool and I had no issues with check in or out. Parking was very good.. 7. My daughters are 15 and 18 and they liked Excalibur better than the Luxor, the Flamingo, & the Sahara as far as the lower cost hotels go. Next time we are staying at Planet Hollywood though as we want to be in the center of the strip and willing to pay more.. . So if your budget is tight then take a look at this hotel as its likely to suite your needs.
One of the older casino/hotels on the strip and the rooms do show it. But I have to admit that it's a pretty large room and they are very clean. You get a nice big flat screen TV and an Ethernet cable is provided for internet access if you bring your laptop. The beds are very soft and comfy. So aside from it being a little old, it wasn't too bad. . . What I didn't really like about this place was the service. I didn't feel like most of the staff was that helpful or friendly. There is a $15 resort fee for everyday that you stay at the hotel and that includes two free drinks. When I tried to go redeem the drinks the guy that worked at the bar wasn't very helpful and he became just downright mean when he saw our coupon vouchers for free drinks. . . I guess for the price ~$38/night it's a pretty good deal. I didn't really have a super bad experience here but I felt like it also wasn't super good. I don't regret staying here but I think I'll try to book another place next time. . . I do have to say, they were pretty nice when they weren't able to accommodate my request to have two rooms right next to each other, because they ended up upgrading our rooms to rooms with view for free (which normally would have been an extra $30 upgrade fee).
We had so much fun here on the midway!  They let my husband and me play the games against each other so we were sure to get a toy :)  It was a fun way to spend the afternoon discussing the probability of winning each game.
Ok rooms,alittle old, but great pool with slide for kids,great location for walking out side the Hotel on the strip....
As a kid, the first time I was in Vegas I stayed at Excalibur. I remember thinking it was a magical place like Disneyland because it's designed like a castle. Now... not so much. It's not the best hotel but you get what you pay for. I was barely in the room anyway.. . Pros:. The hotel is cheap. . It is on the strip (far end).. . Cons:. There is no central air conditioning. There is a loud unit. . Room service was extremely slow. It took a long time for my friends to get some towels.
Stayed from July 1st till July 5th, 2012.. . + Cheap, even with the $15/day resort fee. + South end of the Strip, easily accessible by DEUCE bus ($7 for 24 hr pass) and Monorail. + Got free upgrades to room worth $50 more. + Clean room, no smell of cigarette smoke on the room (Tower III, Floor 13). + AC works well. Outside temp was 104.. + Courteous cleaning staff. + Cheap buffet. Took the 24 hr pass for both Luxor and Excalibur. + Nice view of the strip from windows. . - Headache inducing smoke on the Casino floor. - Pesky time-share selling staff. - Walking from parking lot could be a pain, but hey, it is free. - No WiFi, only an Ethernet cable to plug in into your laptop. - TV reception was BAD, even though they had LCDs. - Adult themed dancers at one end of the casino floor, avoid if with kids, take a detour to get to your floor
I stayed here on my first visit to Vegas. It was not a bad hotel! Didn't try the buffet but the beds were okay not too bad.. The set up was fine in the room.. Getting towels was a pain in our butt since we had a couple folks in our room. They took towels never gave us enough back. Weird! But besides that I enjoyed the service.
The standard room is not bad for the price. I paid $29.00 per day plus $15.00 resort fee excluding taxes. The room comes with 2 queen size beds, single unit a/c, free usage of electronic safe, wired internet, flat screen tv with limited channels and no fridge; also, shower has good hot water pressure. The pool closes at 7:00 p.m. which I think is too early. I will recommend this hotel for overnight stay.
OUTSIDE- Hotel is old compared to other hotels nearby. But not as bad as being on the Stratosphere side.The hotel is dark (but so are most hotel/ casinos). The outside hasn't been changed since they opened so not as appealing as say the Aria Hotel. Parking is free and nice to have a garage. But the garage is not very big and the majority of their parking here is open (which is not fun when climb into the car in 110 degree weather).. . INSIDE- Check was a pain in the ass to find. But once we found it check in was fast and easy. BUT no thanks to the extra resort fee of 15 dollars! Which is to paid seperate from when you book your room. Inside of the casino was dark defiantly castle like but if you like that, cool. . . ROOM- To my surprise the room was nice. The rooms have been updated and renovated so the decor is modern and clean. We did not like our room because we were placed on the 3rd floor and a beautiful view of a stupid wall. When you check in I recommend requesting a room on a higher floor. The beds were not super fluffy but was not terrible. Bathroom is big and had nice counter space. The shower was alright, the shower head in our bathroom was old so water pressure was uneven. We had a joint room which could connect to another if your staying with others but I didn't need our neighbors constantly trying to open the door. That door also doesn't not keep sound out... Could hear our neighbors talking very clearly.. . POOL- nice big pools. Four pools. One BIG main pool which is nice because it isn't as populated as the others. There is an Adult pool with a bar connected. Another pool which contained the waterslide and ALL the children (avoided that). And then a smaller pool. The pools were bot bad for an older hotel.. . Overall not a bad place. It is dated, but it's good for families with little kiddos.
Yes this is a cheap place to stay- but the rooms are not that good.But then again when you are in Vegas you are never in your room. If you are looking better quality in rooms, baths, etc.. this is not the hotel to go to.
My friends and I were looking for a cheap hotel for EDC so I booked us a room through a special on the EDC website.  When we arrived we found out that their computer systems went down and check in was taking longer than usual. We waited about 2 hours in line to check in.  It wasn't that bad, they offered us free drink coupons, water and cookies.  Our room was as I expected it to be, nothing fancy.  Overall we had a good experience here.  The staff was friendly, they had a lot of my favorite gold fish machines to play and the hotel is in a good location.  I would stay here again.
If you are looking for reviews for Excalibur you are probably looking for hotels on the cheap and to spend more time on the strip than in the hotel. This one is pretty good for that, but I would shoes Ballys over this. You definitely get what you pay for. Rooms are very sub-par, towels hade a funky smell (like years of cigarette smoke trying to be bleached out). Room it pretty basic. One thing that was great was the coupon book you get! 2 free drinks and 2 free admission to LAX night club in Luxor, but that's it. Cheap tables to gamble at.
For the price its worth it but dont expect class A service.. . PRO's-Hotel checkin fast, casino is huge and very clean, lots of restaurants and affortable options, room was very big (widescreen rooms) clean, central ac, bathroom was very big and clean. most standards for hotels were standard here.  room service was good, cheap, fast.  pool was actually awesome. they let you bring outside drinks which is a plus, but the bar there at the pool is cheap to.  I would stay here again if it was a option due to a small budget.. . CON's-it's a step above circus circus because they do have a floor of arcade games and table games for kids so be prepared to see a lot of kids, especially at the pool.  hallways were very old, outside of the hotel is very old looking, and the beds were terrible, it was like sleeping on the floor.  pillows were no help either but for the price it is one of the cheaper options besides imperial palace which i wouldnt stay at imperial palace again.
The price - okay. I got a free upgrade and it was actually REALLY nice. Nicer than New York New York's basic rooms, actually. . . I came here for EDC weekend and it was a hot mess. 3 hours to checkin? I wanted to cry. But staff was nice... they were handing out free beers and drink tickets for later (and boy did I take advantage).. . The room was nice and roomy. Everything was upgraded. There was a flat screen TV in the room but it had terrible grainy reception, so it wasn't worth turning on anyway. . . What also bothered me was the fact that the folks at Excalibur always found a way to throw advertisements under my hotel door. Okay, guys. I don't want your crap, guys. . . But you know what... for the price and a place to stay, it was OK. Plus when you're in Vegas, how much time are you really spending in your hotel room?
We arrived today paid all our resort fees for our complimentary internet, get a room on the 4th floor facing a cement wall, will probably change rooms tomorrow, they don't have wireless here just a rj45 plug. We just tried to order room service and they only serve from 6am to 2pm! So no dinner. Staff is really nice changed rooms to a pool view and discovered town center two stops on the sex bus, great restaurants there plus a whole foods and an apple store.
This hotel was cheap! It basically got the job done. Its a bit DINGY but hey, you get what you paid for. . . The pool is actually nicer then i thought it would be, its big, clean and really nice.. . The front desk and room service employees are extremely nice.. . All in all, its not that bad!
Excalibur is one of the oldest and largest hotels on the Las Vegas Strip. Tower 1 being much older than Tower 2 you may want to request a room in tower two as i was told tower one was kind of sketchy. The base of tower two is where the pool entrance is and also has better access to the parking lot in the back. . The resort as a whole, i think was very versatile in that is has pretty much something for everyone. The bottom floor where the Tournament of Kings show is has a huge arcade that any kid would eat their vegetable to be let lose in for an hour or five. On the casino level there is a Dick's Last Resort for the adults to get rowdy and have a few. The food court area was decent and has a little bit of everything to cure your hangover and then some. Unfortunately i didn't make it to the buffet, I that is mostly because if you planned to do the buffet its a better value to pay for the whole day (breakfast lunch and dinner) $35 than pay for individual meals. I didn't want to have to be in the hotel for every meal as Excalibur is in a great location to explore the MGM, Luxor, and New York New York.. . TRAVELING COUPLES: Excalibur and many other hotels will target you on the casino floors and ask you if you want free tickets to a show....of course you do. This is a timeshare pitch that will suck 3-4 hours out of your day which I found out too late. I did get two tickets to the Tournament of Kings which were $65 a pop but 4 hours of my saturday was spend touring a condo facility and being pitched the idea of buying into a timeshare. Just an FYI
As a recent weekend guest, I will say Excalibur did surprise me. I've never really liked this hotel (maybe I'm just not a huge fan of the cheesy medieval times theme) but stayed here because everyone else in my party booked their rooms here. We got a really good deal (Friday-Sunday) at $75 a night in the renovated tower (tower 1) as well as 2 free drink coupons. Staff at check-in were very helpful and accomodating, allowing our party of 9 in 3 seperate rooms to all be on the same floor and room pretty close by each other. It was awesome that we all booked completely seperate but still got to stay in rooms close to each other. . . The room I stayed in had a king bed and a nice view of the strip. We asked for a non-smoking room but it smelled like smoke in the room. The renovations are nothing spectacular but nice enough. Honestly, we weren't in the room much anyways so as long as it's clean, I'm fine with it. If you're looking for amazing rooms, stay somewhere else. The hotel itself was fine but again, nothing great. We checked out the food court upstairs (McDonalds,Quiznos, Auntie Anne's, Krispy Kreme, Pizza Hut) and the buffet. There's also a baha fresh downstairs. Buffet was OK, priced a little too high for what you get ($47 for 2 at dinner). . . Loved the service here and the room worked for what we needed. I still wouldn't prefer to stay here but the location is good and so are the room prices. I have a little bit better view of Excalibur now and can say I've stayed here.
My friends and I took a quick trip to Vegas and stayed at the Exclalibur Hotel.  We received pretty good service - we got a free room upgrade to start. We stayed in a "Widescreen Room," which was clean and big enough for the three of us. The service throughout the hotel was nice - there were suited ppl walking around eager to help you find the various services Excalibur has to offer.  Their pool - called "Drenched," had plenty of seating for a hot Saturday, which was a plus. I enjoyed my stay overall; in fact, the only thing I didn't particularly like the fact that they charged my card an additional $33 without telling me; but I let that go because it was late when we checked it and perhaps the neglect wasn't intentional.  We received great customer service, proper directions and confortability. I would come back, of course.
I wish I had a chance to see the pool grrrrrr, but overall it was an ok hotel. The price is on the better end especially for location. I usually like gambling at Tropicana so it's nice that it's just across the street. As is MGM and NY, NY. Luxor is a quick walk to the right and Mandalay Bay is reachable by tram. Now they need to build trams going towards the other end of strip towards the Cosmopolitan! Either way, rooms in the upgraded tower are nice, bathrooms are clean. I would have liked a new shower mat or even a towel like other hotels use because the one they gave us look like it was purchased at a garage sale. Didn't utilize the restaurants much but they have decent ones, including a 24 hour krispy kreme. Allin all, a good place to stay if you're on a budget and want to stay on the strip and everything else is too expensive. BUT if you're not going on a fight weekend and prices are decent everywhere else, splurge on something nicer.
This was our first time staying at Excalibur Hotel and by the varying reviews, we were a little unsure of what to expect. So here's my review and what we honestly thought of the hotel.. . Exterior:. . The exterior of the hotel is bright and definitely stands out, especially at night. It actually looks quite magical. However it does not seem "child-like", as some may have mentioned.. . Interior:. . The interior of the hotel is nicely decorated and fits with the theme of the medieval castle. And yes, when you walk into the hotel there's a smell of cigarettes and cigars. That's because you have to walk through the casino to get to the check-in desk. Although I can say most hotels did have a smoke odor since you are permitted to smoke in there. The hallways are also musty and have a distinct smell, however that didn't bother us that much since we knew we weren't spending a lot of time at the hotel.. . The check-in desk:. . Was fast and friendly. We had no issues with check-in.. . Our Room:. . We had a basic non-smoking room with a king size bed. Though the room was nothing to rave about, it was comfortable, and we had a spectacular view! It seemed as if they were in the middle of trying to upgrade the room as some things looked newer, while other things looked older. It was clean though and comfortable. My only complaint is that there is no tub, only a stand-up shower. At times I just wish I could have soaked my feet, but that's okay. We had a hair dryer, plenty of towels, and all the normal hotel necessities like an iron and ironing board. I should also mention that our room DID NOT smell. It was only the hallways.. . The "Time Share People":. . Yes, there are people ALL OVER the hotel trying to get you to go on a four hour tour to buy a time share. They will try to bribe you with money, free tickets, free dinner, etc... Just know in advance that it's a big waste of time, so unless you're broke and need the money, DON'T do it. NOTE: These people WILL hound you and follow you around asking questions. At first it was a bit overwhelming, but finally we realized that if we told them we were leaving that night, they pretty much just left us alone and told us to have a good night. A little white lie never hurt, right? You will also encounter these people all over the strip. We used the same trick on all of them and it worked every time.. . Restaurants:. . Excalibur has several restaurants to choose from, including their buffet.. . Dick's Last Resort: Yes, it's fun. But I just don't understand their logic of giving crappy service and making fun of their customers. They make you silly paper hats with crude comments, pretty much throw your plate of food at you, and slam your bill on the table. What gives? I have a sense of humor and could laugh at the hats, but the rest of the "act" was just stupid.. . Excalibur Buffet: We were really wary about eating here. It was significantly cheaper than most other buffets in the area, but we decided to give it a try. In all honesty it wasn't bad. But it wasn't great. They had a nice variety of foods to choose from. (Just don't eat the scrambled eggs! Yuck!) This is also the only buffet I've been to here that you had to get your own drinks. I was okay with that though. No biggie. It's worth it to go to for a quick breakfast when you don't feel like cruising the strip for a place to eat.. . Other Stuff:. . Pools: Yes, Excalibur does have several pools. Compared to other hotels, they're just mediocre, but if you're just looking to spend a few hours there, it's no big deal. To me, a pool is a pool. The only disappointment was that the largest main pool was closed for the season.. . Thunder From Down Under: As if it's not bad enough there's advertisement for it everywhere you go, but now when you walk into the hotel there's a "station" that has two strapping young lads from the show with minimal clothing on. As you walk past they give women very sexy looks and try to lure you in for a picture with them, which you have to pay for. On several occasions I had the "thunder from down under" guys say, "Do you want a picture taken, sweetie?" Well no, sweetie, I do not want my picture taken with you. In all honesty is seemed a little creepy and I felt like I was being propositioned by a male prostitute.. . So all-in-all, Excalibur is a decent hotel for the money. Would
This was our first trip to Vegas and we booked Excalibur as part of a package deal through Hotwire.  We has reserved the basic room, knowing that we could upgrade once we got to the hotel at check-in (and it was cheaper in doing so there).. . Before we even got to the check-in desk, we were intercepted by one of those timeshare people.  I know they are just doing their job, and I'm sure the hotel gets some sort of kickback by allowing them to operate inside, but I think they should make a rule with them not to hound someone that is carrying luggage and obviously just got there.  Seriously, these people are freaking everywhere inside and outside the hotel.  We ended up doing the presentation for the free stuff, so after that it was easy to just tell them we already did it.. . Check-in was great.  We were going to upgrade to the "deluxe" room with a strip view (this means it's in tower 2, which has been upgraded, so it has a pillow top mattress and a 42" TV) with a nightly upgrade price of $30.  She checked and did not have any king size beds in that, only two queens.  I asked her to lower the nightly price to $20, and she agreed.  While she was working on that, I noticed they had spa rooms available, normally $50 per night.  I asked her if she would give us that for $30 a night, and she again agreed.  While working on checking us in, she said that she already put the upgrade price in at $20 per night and the system wouldn't let her change it, so we got the spa room upgrade for $30 cheaper!. . The only downside to the spa room is that it is at the end of the hall, but that wasn't the end of the world.  The room was very nice for what we were paying.  The Excalibur is one of the older hotels on the strip, so we were not expecting the ultra modern amenities like what you would find in the newer hotels.  We were only on the 8th floor, so we couldn't see all of the strip, but it was still better than looking at the interior building of the hotel.  The spa tub was large, and was very nice to relax in after a long day of walking the strip.  The bathroom was a nice size, plenty of room for two or more people to use to get ready for the day.  The room also included a large safe, big enough to fit our 17" laptop into.. . When we first got in, the A/C wasn't working.  I called it in, and being that it was 9:30 pm, I didn't expect anything too quick.  The maintenance man was there within 10 min, and had the A/C reset and working again within another 5 min.  We also had an issue with the remote for the TV not working, which they got resolve the next day.  Because of our issues, we got a nice letter from the VP apologizing with some free chocolates.  We already had a big discount on the room, so we didn't ask for anything else, especially since they resolved the issues so quickly.. . The amenities in the hotel/casino were decent.  We did not eat in any of the sit down restaurants, but they looked nice.  It was nice to have multiple locations to get coffee in the morning, and also to have the McDonalds open 24 hours to grab some food real quick before heading up to the room after a long day.  There is an indoor walkway to the Luxor, which is awesome because the Luxor has some nice amenities over there, as well as one of the shows that we saw.  We were going to do the Tournament of Kings dinner, but they have warnings about people with asthma attending, which I have, and I was sick on top of it, so we did not risk it.. . The location of the hotel on the strip is not the best, it is on the south end.  However, they have elevated walkways on all sides of the intersection in front of Excalibur, and the monorail stops behind the MGM (across the street diagonally), so you can easily get to the north end of the strip if you need to.  Like I said before, there is an indoor walkway to the Luxor, and also a tram out front that goes to both the Luxor and the Mandalay Bay.. . We never used the pool, but did walk down there.  It looked nice, but the large main pool was closed for the season?  I thought Vegas was always hot, it was still in the 90s when we were there in Sept, so how was the hot season over?  I was told though that you are allowed to use the pools in any MGM resort, which includes the Luxor and Mandalay Bay, which I was also told have some of the best pools on the strip.. . Overall, the stay was nice.  Their express checkout was awesome, just drop the room keys in a box and walk out.  If we need to stay in Vegas on a budget, we would stay there again, although on our next trip we plan to save up a bit more to upgrade to one of the newer hotels on the strip.  I saw complaints in other reviews about kids running everywhere, and to be honest, we saw more kids in other hotels than we did in ours.
The line to check in was ridiculous long and we had an issue with our booking. We were only staying 1 night and my bf's dad had booked it for us as a gift...well, he accidentally booked under his name instead of ours, so they wouldn't let us check in, even with his dad on the phone telling them what happened. We spent almost 2 hours trying to resolve it and did I mention it was my birthday??. . I appreciate that they gave us a free buffet for the trouble, I just wish they could've worked with us more efficiently to get us checked in. I was impressed that our room was really nice - not so much the bathroom, which was typical 1980's Vegas bathroom - but the rest of the room looked renovated. . . It's extremely cheap and the location is awesome, so it's worth staying here. If checking in hadn't been such a nightmare, I would've given it a higher rating and definitely stayed here again.
Just stopped by to check out  Popcornopolis. Ended up trying a couple flavors BBQ and Pumpkin Spice. Both were good, bought a bag of the Pumpkin Spice. . . Service is good, we were greeted right away by one worker then later offered samples by another.. . As for the Excalibur itself we never stayed here so it's hard to review it. Maybe about ten years ago we ate at their steakhouse which was good. . . Casino looks good, lots of table games and good mix of slots. Though I've never won here I still come to try my luck. Good location and you can catch the tram to the Luxor or Mandalay, best of all it's FREE!
Pratique, bien situe a Las Vegas pres du MGM, le Luxor et le New York New York. L'architecture enfantine, avec ses aspects de chateau de Baviere tel que l'aurait imagine DIsney tranche avec les autres hotels a proximite mais les prix sont parfaitement abordables en semaine. Un peu trop d'enfants peut-etre dans les zones pres du Casino et une chambre plutot basique. Surtout demandez la vue sur l'hotel New York New York, vous pourrez donc a loisir etudier les meandres de leurs montagnes russes avant de vous y aventurer.
I remember first staying at the Excalibur back in 1989 when it was brand spanking new. The employees would be dressed in medieval style uniforms, the king and queen and their entourage would go around the casino for photo ops with the guests and the Roundtable Buffet was the best in quality. . . Over the years the quality has gone downhill ever since MGM MIRAGE bout out Mandalay Resorts Inc. and has just gone downhill in quality. . . The Excalibur still holds the title as, "Most Tacky Theme" in Las Vegas. Some renovations have been done with the hotel mostly on Tower II, removed and added new restaurants, increased the size of the pool area, removed all the child friendly areas and replaced it with bars and 2 Tier restaurants. Also that has been thrown out is the Merlin out on the castle by the strip and replaced with Dicks and the free dragon show outside in the so called moat near the strip entrance. . . My room was in Tower II and was recently remodeled, I get good deals through Mlife so I always book the renovated room and the weekend rates are cheap. No WiFi here just an 90's ethernet cable. The 2nd level has a foodcourt for budget travelor and it's connected to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. . . As the saying goes, "You get what you pay for", and it shows here. Avoid Tower I!
In order to review this establishment properly, I have to put my review into context. First, we paid $150 + taxes & resort fees per night. This is probably the lower end for hotels on the strip. Secondly, we stayed in Tower 2, which is the newer of the two towers.. . That being said, our room was average. It was clean and provided all the amenities one would expect out of the 3-star hotel. The plus side is that Excalibur is also a casino hotel, so you get that "Vegas experience" without emptying your pockets. Having the tram there is nice too.. . The I'd probably give the hotel staff somewhere between two and three stars. I didn't have any trouble checking in, but my girlfriend did. The manager was able to sort it out, but not before the robot employee complicated the process.. . Side Note: The lot where we were parked was adjacent to our tower, making carrying our luggage up to our room quite convenient.. . It was my first time staying on The Strip, and overall, the stay was pleasant. If you don't want to burn a hole in your wallet and you want to stay on The Strip, I would definitely recommend Excalibur.
Good price. Close to airport so short can ride from there. Spent 2 nights here and 3 at Luxor, for 200+ dollars. Not bad just wish they would get on the same page as Caesars and drop the resort fee
I stayed here this past week because of an overnight business trip with my family.  I haven't been here since I was 15 years old, and it still looks the same (well, the casino does).. . Pros:  . - The rooms are still reasonable for the strip, but the current trend in Las Vegas is to tack on a daily "resort fee" on top of your hotel bill during your stay.  So, watch out for that.... - The Tower II rooms are revamped and nicer.  Flat panel TV isn't HD, but I didn't care because I don't watch network TV often.. . Cons:. - Casino STILL looks the same.. - Timeshare people will constantly bug you (and this is a new thing). - The Excalibur Buffet has significantly raised its prices. - Not as kid-friendly as before.... . If I was taking my car here and will mostly gallivant around, this is an ideal spot to stay at.  However, if I'm looking for a resort experience, I'd stay somewhere else.. . But then again, who really stays in their room all day in Vegas?  Hmm?
A friend booked a stay here and from the reviews on Yelp, I was iffy about it but after staying here, I found it to be just average. We had a very friendly employee who checked us in and our contemporary room at tower 2 was clean and well stocked. . . One downside was when our reservation clerk told us *happily* that we're getting a room with a view, we didn't think he meant a view of the freakin' rooftop of the building next to ours. -__- But whatever, we didn't exactly come to Vegas to stare outside the window the entire time anyway. . . Excalibur is okay for those looking for a lower budget hotel and don't mind the lack of "resort" feeling. It's a bit older than other hotels and located on the end part of the strip that's a bit away from the noise and excitement.
So, you want to go to Vegas.. . And you don't want to shell out for Bellagio or MGM.. . And you don't want to stay at the no-tell motel where you have to wonder - is that stain on the sheet spaghetti sauce? blood? other bodily waste?. . You get the picture. . . Well, then Excalibur is the place for you. The Vegas version of a medieval castle, they captured the "dark that no sunlight can penetrate" quality that is no doubt quite authentic. However, it is also quite centrally located. I had a conference at MGM and Excalibur was literally across the street, which made my life easy. I'm a walker, so I traveled up and down the Strip on foot, but if you don't want to trek so extensively,  you can easily catch the Monorail at MGM. Also, Excalibur, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay are all connected by shuttle and escalators so you can wander among three casino/hotels for the price of one! . . The rooms are budget but the cost is budget, too. The beds are clean and reasonably comfortable. There is no desk but the table with chairs is suitable for work. The bathroom is large enough, with a roomy shower stall. (No bathtub, so if that's really important to you, there you go. You'll have to shower.) Personally, my biggest gripe was no WiFi (really?) and being constrained by wired Internet. I felt like I'd been transported back to 2005. Otherwise, my room left me with no complaints. . . There are some okay restaurants and shows (the joust is fun and they have the Thunder from Down Under if you're looking to check out a different kind of sword fight) but even if you're not into what Excalibur has to offer, the location makes up for it. Seriously, just go to any one of the myriad of entertainment options within a very short walking distance. . . Overall, Excalibur is what you probably expect it to be. It's not luxurious. People crazy enough to bring children to Vegas often stay there. It's a little old and tired and depressing (especially in the casino section) but it is what you're probably looking for if you're scouring reviews about this establishment: a convenient, relatively clean and safe place to crash on the Vegas Strip.
Wow, I haven't stayed here since my first visit to Las Vegas 15-years ago. Things have changed...the Fun Dungeon is no longer fun haha.. . The rooms are fairly priced because there are no real amenities. We got a $32 room but then you're slapped with a $20 resort fee. The bed was too soft and the pillows were too hard (odd combination). The sound of the AC turning on and off is also really distracting. And last complaint about the room - the blinds don't close all the way so in the morning, sunshine will blast into your room.. . The tables ARE cheap and it's a great place to learn some of the games. But the experience is also a little depressing. Something about the low ceiling and bad lighting made me miss any of the other casinos on the main part of the strip.. . The dinner buffet also gave me a stomachache.
When I was a kid, we'd always go to Excalibur because it was "family friendly" and I liked the King Arthur theme.  . . WOW, time has NOT been kind to this place.  Walking in for the first time in years, I couldn't help but notice that everything appears to be from the 1990s.  Time for a refurbish.  And, it's kinda un-classy up in there.  I guess it's hard to keep up with the chic casino-hotels popping up all over the strip.  Thank god, though, for the death of the themepark-casino.
Like Corey W.'s review, I too was pleasantly surprised, as I had girded myself for a nightmare after reading the Yelp reviews.   I was with a large group, and I was able to warn them about the room doors not closing and that 'ruffians' roamed the halls pushing on doors looking to gain entry (I never saw anything like that, but my room door DID fail to latch tight on its own, as did many of my friends).. My standard, 2 Queen room was spacious, modestly appointed, with a large bathroom (two adults could easily be busy in here without too much trouble).  . . NIce flat screen, color TV with adequate cable service (by adequate, they had AMC, which means I didnt miss the Walking Dead), no its NOT HDTV, but it worked FINE.  . . No WiFi, but guess what, WIRED LAN is BETTER by far, i had GREAT thruput.. . No Fridge.  No microwave.  No coffee maker.  I knew this going in, just re-iterating the irritating.. . Bed, clean, not very comfortable, lots of so-so pillows.  Free in room safe.. . Resort fee - why?  Nothing 'resortish' about the place.  Just because you have a pool and gym doesnt mean you're a resort!  Free drink coupons only for beer/well drinks?  I'm in a CASINO - drinks are FREE for gamblers.  What am I an IDIOT?  When I pay a RESORT FEE at the HILTON WAIKALOA (a REAL resort), I get TWO FREE Specialty drinks EVERY DAY!  So -1 star on value because of the redonkulous resort fee.. . oh yeah that AC is loud too, everyone is right about that.  Another odd thing was lack of direction if you self-park.  The lot is dark.  There's no marked walkways, no Glowing neon signs leading the obvious path to check in or the casino.  I thought that was really weird.. . Good selection of restaraunts.  Oh, if you're MLife pearl or above you are 'elite' and check in in the private section - I didnt know and waited in line with the rabble.  RABBLE I say! :) . . CASINO RATING **** (4 out of 5 star). Wow, very surprised.  I didnt see ANY of the terrible 6/5, just standard 3/2 blackjack, looked like they had DOA, DAS, dealer hits soft 17.  And low limits to boot, $5.. Craps, wow $5 low limit, SWEET, 3x4x5x odds, AWESOME, but the dealers were rough, WATCH YOUR CHIPS (-1* for clumsy dealers).. And player rating is MANUAL at the tables, thats very unusual these days.. They had a Great progressive video poker bank by the Baja Fresh, that I played almost nonstop hoping I'd finally hit that Royal for $2200...alas, no, but it was 8/5 JOB, about as good as it gets.. Vegas standard, American two-zero wheel on roulette (terrible house advantage, only idiots play American roulette).. So, surprisingly, this is a GAMBLER FRIENDLY place, especially if you're new or learning with low limits.
The renovated rooms (tower 2 I believe) are decent. This is one of the lowest priced casinos on the strip. I have stayed in the old rooms and they are awful. But like I said, the new rooms are a step in the right direction. Don't expect the Wynn, however. Your at the excalibur. If you just want a place to crash, this is the place. I wouldn't even really gamble there. A lot of the dealers don't speak english.. . My MAJOR complaint is the blinds. Even in the new rooms, they installed faux wood blinds that look like they were bought from lowes. Thats find, but it lets a ton of light in. It was hard to sleep in past 8am. When your out until 3am, its nice to have a super dark room to sleep in late. You won't get that here. For that reason alone, I probably won't stay here again. It's super cheap, but not having sleep while in Vegas kills the trip for me.
For being a "cheaper" hotel I actually enjoyed this place. I feel free to run around and enjoy myself here. I stayed here after signing up for a time share presentation on my last visit. We were given a special deal for 2 nights. Arrived to a quick check in but disappointed that we were given one of the older rooms but oh well as long as theres a bed, bathroom, and tv I'm fine. I like the convinence of having so much available and so many options in the hotel alone. It's not crazy expensive to dine or stay here. Now that time share presentation, oh crap! Never again totally sucked and I guess the one big downside is that they have representatives pestering you to sign up, don't do it! Haha
Felt to be the old side
I don't particularly care for Medieval decor but my stay at Excalibur was wonderful! Firstly, upon check it, we received a handful of free drink coupons that could be used both at Excalibur and at Luxor (next door). We also got a voucher to eat at the hotel buffet! The hotel is beyond large! It's a maze of energetic bustle and you can never tell what time of the day it is because of the lighting. The room was average. Not the best but cozy and big enough for two to share. The front desk was also phenomenal at getting us a shuttle to the airport and also helped us secure the same room for an extra night  by directing up to Hotels.com to find a room at a price that they would match. And they surely did! We were able to extend our stay for one night at a mere cost of $30! Overall, I had a wonderful experience here. Hard not to enjoy Vegas tho!
A huge plus was how cheap it was. We stayed here for three nights (Thursday-Sunday) and it was about 200 bucks total. After that, it's pretty much downhill.. . The check-in area is nowhere near the entrance of tower I or tower II parking areas. Let's talk about how I had to bring my suitcase halfway through the hotel to check in, only to bring it all the way back to the entrance to go up the elevators. I'm a girl, I have lots of clothes and shoes for vegas!!. . We asked for a room with a fridge and were told that it would cost 25 bucks extra A NIGHT. Are you serious?! We were then told there were no rooms with views unless we paid extra. Fine, whatever, we just want to sleep there. After receiving the room keys, I found that I could not stay in that room. it was floor 13 room 66, and those are just not happy/lucky numbers to me. I went back to get the room changed and da-da-da suddenly I have been given a room with a view, free of charge. Seriously, I thought you just said you didn't have any rooms with views for the same price?. . Anyway, the room was a standard room with two queen beds. The lighting was horrible, except in the bathroom. Everything was clean, and when we asked for extra towels, they were very nice about it. The beds were comfy, and the view was decent. There was also a flat screen tv, but not much playing.. . Like any hotel in vegas, the downstairs casino area is heavily polluted with the smell of cigarettes, so you asthma children beware.. . Plus side, McDonalds is open 24 hours and we did visit them after partying all night.. . Don't forget to ask for coupon book upon check in. We lost ours, and they wouldn't give us another one. SO SAD.
Stayed here for one night after returning from Grand Canyon.  The  staff at the registration desk was very helpful, and friendly.  We had a room with 2 queen beds.  The room was very clean.  I did notice they didn't carry a coffee maker at Excalibur which was very unusual.  Through out my stays at every hotel, all the rooms have a coffee maker available except Excalibur.  Not cos I'm a coffee fanatic, it was just something I noticed.  After all I wouldn't complain as I had got a really great deal while booking a room through Expedia.
Excalibur Hotel - a medieval castle. It isa haven for children. Designed in the style of King Arthur, on the walls of the mosaic, swords and shields, and the heavy ceiling chandeliers.. Between many hotels have elevated crossings, such a bridge, not to cross the road. The impression is that all who come to Vegas for families with children living in this hotel - so many children, so often noisy and vain.. For service claims are not in the room all well. It is a pity there is no Wi-Fi.. Eating a lot for different tastes, including chic buffet. There is a children's floor machines - Fun Dungeon, where all the children and directed not to interfere with the parents play in the casino.
A friend and I stayed at the Excalibur when we were in town to see a concert.  I hadn't been in Las Vegas for many years and, quite honestly, thought the idea of themed hotels was kind of dumb.  Well, I must admit that the theme does serve to differentiate this hotel from the myriad of others that line the strip and it was kind of fun, in a kitschy way, to see how thoroughly they played out the theme.. . My friend is a poker player and spent some time down in their poker area and even won money.  She taught me to play the quarter poker machines and I even tried my hand at Pai-Gow but I don't think I'll ever be the gambler she is.. . The Starbucks next to poker area did a fabulous job of keeping us caffeinated and the food court upstairs did an admirable job of providing me with Chinese food and cinnamon rolls, even into the wee hours of the morning.  . . There is a free tram that runs between here and te Luxor and Mandalay Bay (I think) and it's right across the street from the MGM Grand where we attended the concert.. . The room was not fancy, but it was cheap and got the job done.. . My favorite thing about this hotel was that the bathrooms had Dyson air blade hand dryers that dried my hands in about 5-10 seconds, no lie.  I've never used hand dryers that worked so quickly.
small casino area but i did have better luck with the $5 min roulette table beats the hell out of aria $15 min bet. the buffet was good for its price wish they had more food options. free luggage storage great for an early check out an late flight out.
More signs!! I was running an errand and found this hotel IMPOSSIBLE to navigate. I'm sure I won't have that problem again now that I know the lay of the land... it was just a little disconcerting. Once I found my destination, all was well. Excalibur also has the first Orange Julius stand I have seen in years. Bravo to that! It is also the only convenient place where I can find Bico Australian jewelry. Another Bravo! All I would say, add more signs to help people navigate and take it easy on the intimidating guys offering free rooms and other things the MINUTE you walk in the door.
Well it is not the best but not the worst. Cheap, but you get what you pay for. The room is clean but average. The biggest problem I had with it is there is no bathtub in the room. I found myself missing it every day. I would come from a long day of walking, dancing, whatever and always find myself wishing to take a long hot soak. :( Oh and one out four of the clean towels had stains on them. . . There is no good food at the food court. Annie's is good but doesn't make a meal. They seem to be remodeling the restaurant choices on the casino level. . . The tram is good but if the best thing about your hotel is easy transit to somewhere else there is a problem.
Casino review only:. . If you're looking for cheapon the strip, Excalibur may be your place. And I mean, come on...you can only gamble at Bellagio and Caesar's so much before you're broke. Excalibur has $5 craps tables, decent penny slots (I know, sounds like an oxymoron), and all your average games. I was told that the Poker dealers are slightly questionable and may not know what they are doing...so said my buddy who is a regular poker player. He won't be playing at Excalibur any more. . . Also, they have a surprisingly good sports book. Comfy enough chairs, plenty of TVs, and not at all cramped. . . One issue is that out of our group of 6, two of us (including me) got sick after about 30 minutes in the Excalibur. Not sure what it is - smoke, mold, whatever. But we had to leave with headaches. We returned the next day and the same thing happened again. So...that's not cool.
Okay this place has the quality of a 2 star if you are comparing this to other places on the strip. The atmosphere on the casino floor is not that great, feels cheap especially the carpeting. The outside looks meh, tacky castle decorations but w/e that is their style. The reason this review is a 3 star is because how cheap it is to get a room here. We stayed in March for roughly only $30 a person per night (1 room 3 ppl).
Great prices. Good for the family. Can't beat the deals!  Great location on the strip. Restaurants  are so~so.
We had stayed at a few hotels at the strip and I wasnt expecting much from an oldie but goodie hotel.  The one that really annoyed me was that the sales people were like hawks looking for people to buy.  They had two people at each entrance to try to get them to come back within the year.  I wouldn't mind once in awhile and maybe I would had listened but its was everytime and I was just used to saying "no."  We stayed in Tower 1 which is the outdated one but the king size bed was great!  I would stay here again if they got rid of all the aggressive sales people.
Ok so here is the problem we ran into with this place. We didn't stay at this casino but we did attend their dinner show called the Excalibur Dinner Tournament. It's pretty similar to Medieval times in FL and NJ. The show itself was pretty cool and we enjoyed the food which offered a whole hen. That was very interesting because that was the first time eating one of those.. .  it's so small and its the whole body! Anyway all was good during the first hour but towards the end of the show my asthma started acting up because their ventilation in the arena sitting area was very poor compared to Medieval times. I ended up having to go to the local hospital because of it as the show ended. Funny thing is all I needed was fresh air. When we arrived at the hospital the asthma was gone. lol. . It was still a pretty good show despite that happened to me.
Duke does Vegas. What does one look for when traveling to Sin City? How about the same scent that I might encounter at the Landmark Lanes? That's a good start innit?.  . The Knights of the Roundtable might have declared Excalibur a silly place and moved on, but if they got passed the scent of stale smoke, free booze, split coffee and desperation, they might have had a decent time.. . This is no 5 star, then again I have no clue what a 5 star feels like. You'll get (well at least I got) a comfortable bed, some inexpensive gambling, a friendly gent at the sports book (Go Spurs!), plenty of delightful people watching (at times straight out of a Springer episode) and a relatively inexpensive Vegas experience. . . And if you don't like the home of King of the Brits and Brave Sir Robin, well there's pretty much 18 other places to spend your hard earned Yen.
We stayed in Tower 1 in what was supposed to be an updated room. It had a flat screen and the beds seemed new but the furnishings were old and worn. Many of the outlets were broken so the lamps didn't work. The room was very clean and the beds were comfortable. But, the rooms seem to have no insulation. Our room was very noisy. 5:30am outside deliveries and vacuuming in other rooms woke us up. For the price, it met our expectations but we won't stay there again.
You get what you pay for when you come to the Excalibur.  But you shouldn't complain too much.  There's a reason you & I came here, and it's because you are cheap!  Clean and cheap rooms for sure!. .  This castle casino is clearly from a bygone era (the 80s are a bygone era?!  I'm feeling a little old here all of a sudden!)  Whatever they used to do out in the moats is clearly over and done with.  . . If you're in Tower 1, you'll get sturdy yet shabby furnishing.  But all is clean, not a bedbug in sight (whew!).  The spa was closed, but 2 of the pools were open (it's winter still so clearly it's not gonna be the biggest draw), but the pools were only open at 10am til I think 5pm--so no early am workout aside from the little gym they have. (bring your own foam roller, or fr equivalent, they don't got any).. . Most of the arcade machines were older and the wack a mole machines were decrepit.  I still ended up having fun here, skeeball and some fun shooting games.. . If you're a nonsmoking or exsmoker californian, you're gonna hate the casino.  Thick clouds are everywhere.  Your sinuses will be searing with pain.  I recommend you move further up North to some of the newer casinos if that sort of thing bothers you.  If not, then light up and get rid of some cash!. . by the way, whoever switches out the remote control batteries for their dying AA batteries, for shame! I know you're cheap, but let's have some class, eh?
good prices on gambling; however this is not an upscale hotel but seems that the prices are a little too much for it's surroundings. They got rid of the Quiznos in the food court which really was a terrible choice... That was the only place I went to eat... . . Pretty clean place to roam around and good location.
So many recent reviews and, frankly, I am surprised. Don't get me wrong, this isn't the Wynn or Aria -- but you aren't paying Wynn/Aria prices. We generally try to stay somewhere different each time we visit the strip and I was, admittedly, a little apprehensive about booking a room at Excalibur. But we were going up during the conference basketball tournaments and, after our January stay at the Monte Carlo was such a let down, we just wanted something reasonably priced on the south end of the strip (that wasn't the Motel 6 -- Jenny's veto, not mine). . . Arriving Thursday evening, the aged cartoon castle theme did come off a little cheesy but it was refreshing compared to all the 'faux luxury' presented on the strip. The front desk service was prompt and helpful and the host pointed out our free drink coupons in the coupon book. When we entered our room, I breathed a huge sigh of relief. Like Circus Circus, the Ex has had some fairly recent room renovations and the quarters were easily nicer than Monte Carlo. Granted, our King room did not have a desk or coffee maker, but the bathroom was clean, the bed was made, and everything seemed in place. Everyday during our stay housekeeping brought the room back to par and refilled our toiletries.. . Now, like all Strip hotels, everything downstairs is overpriced. Nothing I can do for you here. It's like an airport and it's ridiculous. But that's part of Vegas. I only played downstairs a few times and hit the sportsbook and the bar once (to get those free drinks) but all those employees were professional and cordial. My huge takeaway is the employees who stand around and try to ask if you want to see a show or get a free stay. It gets so old. But I guess it must work. I usually start off politely waving them off as I walk passed and they drop it. If not, Vegas is the kind of place you can "Go fuck yourself!" and no one really thinks twice.. . The gym is small but was never crowded to the point I couldn't get in a workout. The locker room is great -- they offer juices and it is laid out like a county club bathroom with toiletries and individual showers. The pool is fine -- nestled between the building and the parking garage -- but you can't bring in drinks and they want to charge you top dollar to buy them here.
This is one of those cheaper resorts that's owned by MGM. For the price that you pay, don't expect it to be like MGM Grand or Mandalay Bay. . . Check-ins and check-outs were flawless, as with the rooms. . . There's no WIFI at all in the rooms, which should have been included with the tedious daily resort fee. But you can walk-up to Krispy Kreme in the food court and use their free WIFI there. . . The arcadium in the resort is horrible.. . Also, the pool area can be a little better in terms of decor (ex: plant more palm trees?).
This is a *family* review of the hotel.. . We chose the Excalibur because it was cheap and it was a Castle---the easiest choice for any parent taking their 4-year-old princess to vegas.  (We chose this over Circus Circus because of the proximity to M&M World & Rainforest Cafe). . . I was leary of all the negative reviews, but we took the chance anyway.. Here is our 2 cents:. . 1.  The 2-room suite in Tower 1 was updated and very nice.  King bed was super comfortable; two bathrooms, extra large jacuzzi tub; two tv screens.  Very clean.. . 2.  The double-queen room was NOT updated, but was VERY clean.  Bathroom was large, no tub, nice shower.  Nothing special, but for a $40 price tag on the strip, we had no complaints.  (There just wasn't anything "pretty" or "special" about the room.. . 3.  The pools are located near Tower 2.  If you want a room near the pools, then expect to pay a higher price because Tower 2 is considered "contemporary" accommodation, meaning ,they've been upgraded & remodeled.   Convenience is key when you want the pools, otherwise you'll be walking a mile from Tower 1 thru the heart of the casino each time you come/go.. . 4.  The Excalibur is NOT the hotel for the young & hip.  Most of the crowds we noticed are older adults, or families.   This was nice--we were not barraged with obnoxious drunkards or "sex." as stated in other reviews.  . . Yes, there are a lot of rednecks here, but this has a few positive benefits!. a.  Rednecks spend most of their time playing the slots, so they don't bother you.. b.  obnoxious youngsters trying to get laid do not hang out where the rednecks stay. . I will say this:  our weekend stay was quite pleasant.  The kids & families around the pool were polite (i'm really not kidding) and friendly.  We never once felt that we needed to shield our daughter from anything.  . . Based on other reviews we thought this would be the skankiest hotel ever, but it was quite the opposite.  I think theme-hotels are outdated, but there was nothing wrong with this hotel at all, unless you want to compare it to all the swanky $400/night hotels down the strip.. . BONUS:  convenient walkway to the Luxor--which is a huge hit for youngsters.  Also, a tram connects Excalibur, Luxor & Mandalay.. . M&M World is 0.5miles away from the front entrance of Excalibur.
We spent alot more time here than I would have had we not had a bunch of BOGO drink coupons from our stay at the Luxor next door.. You can tell the wear and tear inside, its not one of the newer, fancier, artsy/designer type hotels, its more old school Vegas.. Service at the bar was slow, people here a bit as well. . Not the best or the worst, they did satisfy my middle of the night Krispy Kreme craving so an extra star for that.
Pretty fun themed casino like out of Camelot, but with all the modern amenities. This I would say is one of the easier hotels to get lost in though as far as Vegas goes. Unlike many other hotels in Vegas though, I'm not a fan of many of their dining options. The Beware of the "body snatchers" prevalent at this property who REALLY press you for the time share sell. While dated, it's still a fun place to kill a few hours.
One of the few casinos still standing, unchanged from my childhood. Probably one of two good arcades left and the best of those. Although I didn't get a chance to visit it in my last trip, I hope it hasn't disintegrated too much since my last visit a couple years ago. . . This last trip I played craps and slots. Lost at craps overall, but had a great run while it lasted. Friendly dealers giving me crap about how young I look. I think the pit boss suspected it to be a fake ID haha. They have teaching tables and $5 tables (a nice relief from the other $15 tables on the strip). . Definitely is not being maintained as well as it could be (I don't think it's changed much at all since I can remember visiting Excalibur.  . I have never stayed in the hotel but have been getting emails for $20 rooms on weekdays. I'm not sure if there's hidden fees or what but for not being a high roller that's a great price :). . Next time I hope to try the buffet deal they have with Excalibur
In preparation for a Vegas list I am putting together for future reference, I am back tracking on this review from a few years ago when I saw U2 and spent a few days in Vegas. Never stayed at the hotel, however, love browsing and spending time here 'cause my kid at heart is at play. I love watching the Krispy Creme donuts being made here...taking their spa bath in hot oil and then showered through a sugary waterfall. Staff are always nice and friendly. If you're one of those people whom can't stand kids, this isn't the place for you. There are a lot of dragon and fantasy themed shopped for my inner geek.
This place is cheesy. The rooms are basic, yet clean. There is a resort fee due at check in. The casino floor is dingy. Cocktail service is not that great. Dicks Last resort, a restaurant inside this hotel, is a pretty cool. We recommend this place if you're just looking for a place to stay in Vegas.
Kind of a dump compared to most of what Vegas had to offer. Barely a step up from Circus Circus. But you get what you pay for and if you are looking for affordability, this place is actually a great option. You can stay a week here with perfectly acceptable no-frills accommodations for the same price it would be to stay a night at one of the high end competitors.  And if you don't plan on spending much time in your room--and who really DOES that in Vegas anyway--Excalibur can be a good choice for you.  Keep your expectations low and you'll probably be pleasantly surprised.  I was.
AN UNKNOWN REVIEW. I stay at this palce for trip to los vega because I hear that it cheap and has many bang for buck. Overall, this palce very average like a farm of pud with some problems. For one, they do charge you many service fee even after payment and no ytell you before which was the stupid but i stil do because I have to do what I need to do for long time. Despiting that, room itself resisted my grasping. Pretty small and had strong smell like a baboo that was dipped in fuck. I happy because they supply free ironed, iron board. They also have safe in there but it no lock, LOL THE IRONIC. Also vending machine in tower 1, floor 8 is from black society as I put in pokebuck to get combat soda but it no give me drink nor pokebuck back, I hope I no see that machine in alley or I will machine bag fuck it up long time. Another thing i had on the road of liking was that they allow expreess checkout so no have to wait time long time to escape perfectly from place. OH also place look like giant castle one see on Paperboy route, so it made me feel like cheap nicaraguan king to sleep here. Gym too good too too. Overall this palce average, you get what you are pay for, and I do that. 3/5 mimis
Pretty good place.  Stayed here for several days.  Pros:  pretty nice casino...lots of food places..good location.. . Cons:  Check in line was INSANE long.  Lots of people...did I say lots...I mean  LOTS of people by the doors harassing you EVERY SINGLE TIME you walk by trying to get you "show tickets."  This is BS INSIDE a hotel. . . I may stay here again...but I would check around...If I found a better rate ANYWHERE else...I would take it.
Nice Hotel, nothing too over the top, good table stakes on the Casino floor and the tournament of Kings is a great show.
The hotel has improved a lot since I stayed here three years back. The rooms are renovated and comfortable. But their buffet has taken a step back, I would say it has become the worst buffet in vegas. Also the service at the buffet was sub standard. I would recommend staying here and eating somewhere else.
We had dinner @ Excalibur buffet.  I would say it is good has all sorts of salad, pasta and carving roast beef, sausage and chicken.  It also has all sorts of wonderful dessert.
Recently my wife and I stayed for a week in Tower 2.  It room was okay and the staff were friendly.  The Poker room was good, but the other table games didn't impress us.  My wife said the pool was nice.  The room price was reasonable but I must say that I also don't like those timeshare people trying to sign you up every time you enter and leave.  Overall it was average.  You get what you pay for.  C+
The Excal has been around since 1990.  When it was built, it was the largest hotel in the world, by room count, for a few weeks - until the Trop finished an expansion across the street and trumped them.  I'm sure both are way down the list by now, but they do have a metric crapload of rooms, something like 4000.. . Brak and his crew have been hanging out here for years.  Why?  The lousy food court upstairs?  The kids running aroundall over the place?  The crappy buffet that wouldn't be out of place at San Quentin??  No, it's the bars, mainly the Lobby Bar (formerly known as Jester's Lounge until recently).  We've known several of the bartenders there for almost 20 years, and they've become great friends over the years, and they really run a smooth ship and provide a great Vegas experience as you slide into an inebriated state.  The sports book is decent too, a good place to catch an NFL game that you've got a wager riding on.. . The hotel itself is serviceable, rates are all over the place, ranging from reasonable to a complete rip if something is going on in town, but that's par for the course all over the strip.  Table gaming is good, with personable dealers, some liberal rules (like the 12 pays triple on craps), and we've always found the dealers and pit bosses to be fun to hang with.. . Summary: partying gets 5 stars, hotel gets 2.5, food gets 2.5, the whole enchilada averages out to a 3 on the Brak-o-meter.
Just got back from Vegas and this hotel was our choice.  . . Service (Front Desk, Bellhop & Maid)  4  stars - Thank You for staying at the Excalibur and Welcome at the front desk.. . Valet  1 star - Slow as a turtle - had to wait too long. . Room 2.5 stars - Tower II room 28237 - the smallest room in this hotel.  I was not impressed that we got stuck with the room nobody wants.  I would have complained but for the cheap rate I got I just dealt with it.. . Food Choices (Bucca, Food Court & Steak House) 5 Stars - Great specials at Bucca and the Steak House has excellent service.. . Lounge 2 Stars -  Bartenders can't make a drink to save there lives and the sound when Dollface was playing was distorted. It was awful!. . Dick's Last Resort 2 stars - The band that plays there is Awesome!  I sat down to watch thelive cover band and not one person took my drink order...not sure if your suppose to serve yourself or bring a drink from one of the bars.. . Pool 2 Stars - Can not handle the volume of family's that come plus $10 for a small drink very over priced.  Your not allowed to bring your own drinks unless it is water, soda or tea. Suggest go after 4 when kids and parents are getting worn out from all day at the pool.. . Gym 2 Stars - Check in staff not friendly - stair master broken and water not cold from cooler.. . I am not sure that this place is full of red necks or a horrible place to stay.  I like to come on vacation and enjoy.  If you want a party place with fancy rooms this place will not meet your needs - go too the Venetian.  My next vacation is in August and not sure if I will be back or go some where else.  I guess it depends on the deal and the rooms that is an upgrade from what I got stuck with.
Good rooms for a great price... clean and comfortable.. the only issue I had was they did not have a coffee maker in the room. Otherwise great place
3 stars for a short summary.. . AC is EXTREMELY loud, it is not built into the hotel, but a separate machine that is placed on the window. This machine had no built in thermometer, so there was no setting a temperature, which was a drag. Coming back from EDC having it be hot, then sleeping and having to wake up to turn it off. This was a non-stop problem. Either way, I got through it.. . The bed is surprisingly comfortable to me.. . There is no fridge OR wi-fi..... which... is very sad to me. The room itself wasn't terrible or anything, but nothing amazing as well.. . If possible, I would stay on a hotel ON the strip, just because of the experience, but I wouldn't say Excalibur is bad. For a hotel on the older side with not much remodeling, it was not a totally bad experience.
Positive: Affordable if you book your room in advance and during the week just like any other hotel. Remodeled rooms are nice enough for you and your kids (my room was clean with a nice pool side view - ask for pool view!) You really do not have to leave the hotel if you bring your kids, pool has a water slide ( get a cabana early or at least an umbrella early because they fill up quickly!) Excalibur knight show is great for kids and a really good deal (includes food) just like medieval times. Video arcade is good size.The salon was expensive just for a manicure - I wouldn't go back to salon for that but the spa was okay, gym is cool with a pool view. Another downer is they do not let you bring outside drinks into pool area even if it is bought in Excalibur! THAT I DO NOT AGREE WITH, they make a lot of money already! I bought a frozen drink at Dicks (in Excalibur) and I had to finish it or throw it away before entering the pool! I guess its a separate business but I still do not agree. The casino area smells like smoke but they all do lol! My son, daughter and I had a lot of fun despite the few negatives which there will always be something you do not like. - Always be open minded before commenting and have a full understanding of the reasons why something is not the way we like it to be! :) State the positive and the negative! Be respectful and fair!, take everything into consideration!!
Excalibur definitely appeals to the budget minded.  I stayed here thanks simply to a great deal for a $62/night room that I got on Expedia.  . . As far as amenities go, the rooms are nice.  Very clean and the staff was very diligent about cleaning while I was gone.  They also have a nice pool area and the casino was very comprehensive with a poker room, sports bookie, table games and machines.  The casino's appearance definitely feels dated, but whatevs.. . I only have three gripes.  First, I didn't care for the restaurants they offered.  They were either very pricey, sit-down affairs or cheap take out (McDonalds, Krispie Kream, Starbucks, etc.).  I would have liked a cafe-style area similar to what they have at New York, New York or, say, Paris with healthier options.  . . My second wish is that they had better cell phone reception.  I stayed on the 15th floor and I could barely get reception, especially data.  This wouldn't be a problem except for (gripe #3) the lack of Wifi.  The rooms only have a wired ethernet port.  I'm not sure who lugs their laptop on a vacation to Vegas, but they're all set.  Everyone else is going to have to rely on spotty data reception.. . That said, if you're traveling on a budget or with kids (who will enjoy the King Arthur motif), Excalibur will do just fine.  . . Tip to the owners if you're reading this: You should totally take advantage of  Game of Throne's popularity.  Maybe do a cross-promotion or something.
You pay for what you get, is all I gotta say.. . Pro: Good service. Nice pool. Nice air conditioning in the room. Nice arcade. Good food court!. . Con: Long check in line. House keeping lacks a bit. Parking sucks ass. . . We upgraded to the tower 2, because it's more updated and new. First of all, flat screen tv's, closer to the pool, closer to parking! YES O' YES. The room itself is kept up nicely, the shower is really big, nice counter top&all that good stuff. . . but the flat screen tv is kind of unresponsive, the bedding isn't warm or soft, and the service lacks in some areas. . . Food court, that's what got me... Vegas is not only taking your money but takes money for your food! The food court here: Popeyes, McDonald's, Krispy Kreme, starbucks, etc! . . I love that Excalibur doesn't try to take people's money for bad food. . . Anyways, I would only stay here on a budget and just to party lol.
Awesome location, clean rooms, inexpensive. If you want luxury, look elsewhere. If you just need a place to crash while on a relatively budget friendly vacation, it's the place to stay.
Yes, it's OK hotel in Vegas. Pool is far away from room. Their sports bar staff are friendly.
It's a bed...an old, old bed in a hotel that is absolutely screaming for some renovations and some revisiting on their standards of guest service.  . . Clean rooms might be a good start.  Getting the room we asked for would be good.  If they care, a restaurant better than Buca as their best restaurant would be nice.. . I would only stay here again for a cheap hotel option.  I could overlook the cons, I mean, I've stayed in worse.. . I would recommend this as one of those "It's a Bed" hotels.  Ball out somewhere else.
Sunday night check went smooth and staff was polite. The room was better than basic and had an excellent TV. The air conditioning was a little loud but it could be turned off without the room getting hot. I asked for and received a quiet room away from elevators and major foot traffic. At only about $30 (before all the BS fees and such) It was a value. I was also given a thick book of useful coupons. If you're looking to save on your hotel this is much better deal than Circus Circus, a much older, less well maintained hotel.
Dive with a capitol D. The only reason I am giving it 3 stars (and not 2) is because their pool is better than the tiny one at NYNY. Don't get me wrong, it's nowhere in the vicinity of the Hard Rock's Rehab (down the road) or even it's neighbor, the Luxor - but it's fair - to say the least. . So, why did we stay here? Because it was CHEAP. But then, you get what you pay for. . I will say that the buffet isn't any worse than it's neighbors. After all, It's pretty hard to screw up mashed potatoes or roast beef. However,it was overpriced, like all the other casino hotels. Gone are the days of $1.99 buffets. That went bye bye with the Rat Pack.  . I can't say our room was all that bad, but the free show in their moat is embarrassing. In this day and age, anyone over 5 years old would snub their noses at the obvious tracks and archaic robots. Again, at least the pool is decent. . Also a plus is the location. It's across the street from NYNY - which has a roller coaster and MGM, which has the lion sanctuary (and a fan-freaking-tastic pool with lazy river, if you can sneak into it). . I'd have to be pretty hard up to stay here again, but one can never say never.
I just stayed here for one night because it was cheap and I wasn't going to be spending much time in the room anyway. It's definitely a budget hotel, so keep that in mind. If you need a cheap place to stay on the strip, Excalibur does a decent job, but don't expect 5 star amenities because you won't find them here. . . I booked a standard tower room. The room itself was not impressive. It looked pretty old, but at least the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was kind of nasty looking. The toilet seat even had some yellow stains that I had to clean off, which was disgusting. I'm not sure how housekeeping could have missed those! The internet is only wired though, and there is only one cord, which could be a nuisance for some.  . . The casino is pretty good if you're looking for low minimum tables. I played a lot of penny slots and had good luck with those. The crowd is a mix of people on college/20 year olds budgets and some families. (I guess the castle theme is the closest to Disneyland on the strip. Dad can gamble and mom can see Thunder Down Under while the kids are entertained at the arcade). . . The resort fee does include a $20 credit at bars in the Excalibur and the Luxor, so you can kind of get your money's worth. The pool area is surprisingly pretty nice and large, considering that the rest of the resort looks pretty run down. I only ate at the food court, which had a good selection. . . The location of the hotel is pretty good though. You can even take the Westcliff Airport Express if you don't feel like taking a cab from the airport. Only $2! . . Excalibur looks somewhat enchanting from the outside, but you best not venture in unless you know what you're in for.
This low end hotel on the south strip is best known for restaurants.  Forget about themes.  They closed Lynard Skynards, which had the best ribs and they took away the smoked barbecue chicken at Dick's Last Resort.  They took it away because people freaked out about the pink chicken.  Those two restaurants were the main reason I stay here.   The hotel rooms are just blah at best.  The casino is ok.  They still have some video poker machines from the Reagan era.  Most Jacks or Better quarter machines are 7-5.  I've stayed here my last three visits to Vegas and it is time for me to move to a classier resort.  I may not even gamble here on my next visit.
Ahh Vegas... where the rooms are dirty and the casinos are... well... dirtier. I've been a pretty big Excalibur fan since I was a kid. Of course the reason has changed but I still get sucked into the "being in a giant castle" idea even as an adult. . My room is almost always pretty clean. I can handle pretty clean opposed to really clean. Why, you ask? Because the room is cheap cheap cheap. I just payed $40 a night when the next closest on the Strip was around $70. It was totally worth it.. They also know how to bust through a line. Since I drive down from SLC, I get there right around check-in time pretty regularly. Usually, the line has 50 or more people. That is also disappointing to walk into after a 6 hour drive... But the staff handles it well. I waited no more than 10 minutes in a line I thought I'd wait over an hour in. . Once we got to our room, we had no real complaints. Didn't smell great, but everything seemed clean. Besides... we didn't spend much time in the room anyway.. There are several bars and restaurants on the first and second floors to make everything nice and easy. They also have a 24/7 convenient store as well.. I also enjoy that there is a direct walkway or tram to New York New York, Tropicana, Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Very easy to get from place to place.. This isn't a 5 star hotel, so as long as you can remember that, you'll enjoy it.
I've had so many great memories of the Excalibur Hotel. Ever since I was a kid, I always loved stories of knights and wizards and castles and all the other nerdy stuff that goes with it. So the Excalibur was always one of my favorite spots in Las Vegas.. . Now that I'm older, I think it's still a great hotel, but it's certainly lost a bit of it's luster. The overall maintenance of the seems to be lacking a little bit. The hotel is not quite and posh as a lot of the newer hotels on the strip.. . The hotel offers pretty much the same amenities as all the other hotels on the strip... a nice casino, lots of slots, shops, eateries, bars. One of the benefitsthat this hotel has that others do not is their "Fun Dungeon", which is a video arcade with midway games down in the lower level of the hotel. It's a great spot for kids or adults looking for some innocent fun.. . The buffet at Excalibur is one of the cheapest on the Strip, but also one of the least impressive in my opinion. They do offer an nice deal where you pay a $35 fee to be able to eat all day at the buffet at both the Excalibur & Luxor. So the Excalibur buffet may be a good choice for the budget-minded, but not for the hardcore foodies.. . The room rates are some of the cheapest you'll find, but the rooms will be fairly basic & small.. . Overall, the Excalibur is a good option for families and those traveling on a slightly tight budget. Not as upscale or modern as many of the newer hotels, but you'll still get nearly all the amenities of a major hotel/casino.
I stayed here on 8/16 & 8/17 of this year. The staff was lovely and the room was clean. I do understand the reviews about the age of the hotel - but you get what you pay for - if you are wanting extravagance perhaps a medieval theme hotel is not really for you. It is an older hotel so it is expected that there would be some wear. Also the overwhelming smell of coconut to cover the years of tobacco is one of the first things I noticed on the casino floor. . .  I found the staff to be very responsive - and I tend to be a bit high maintenance. Our TV did not work when we arrived and we went to dinner and came back and it was fixed. We also required a few extra blankets and towels and they brought them up by the truckload - even though I called at 4am.. . As far as security is concerned; we had accidentally left our door open during the day and within 15 min security was at the door to check that we were ok. I did notice there was not a chain lock on the door and perhaps that would help with the reviews regarding thieves.  . . The pool was nice even in 107 degree weather. It was full but we were still able to find 5 loungers in the middle of the day together. And the music was nice but not too loud or distracting.. . I was a bit disappointed that the valet was full the whole time we were there - that is one of my favorite features in Vegas - free valet parking.  And though it was a bit unorthodox to only have a shower (no tub) but I did not miss it at all. . . Also it would be great to have wireless Internet - even if it is only for resort guest - the wired Internet was not helpful for our cellphones and iPads. . . When we went to depart the c/o was a breeze done through email and they stored our bags so we could wander through Vegas without melting our souvenirs. . . Overall I am pleased with my experience at Excalibur.
Hotel impeccable. Comme tous les autres du strip il se repered'assez loin grace a ses grandes tours et son immense chateau rouge et bleu. Ca fait un peu penser a un chateau de sable de professionnel !. . Comme partout dans cette ville l'hotel est gigantesque. Suivant ou votre chambre se trouve il ne vous faudra pas moins de 10 bonnes minutes pour acceder au Strip.. J'avais une chambre avec un lit king size c'est vraiment le meilleur. Les chambres sont grandes, il y a du rangement. La salle de bain est spacieuse et avait une tres grande douche. Pas de frigo mais un distributeur de glacons. Nikel pour rafraichir le pre apero.. . L'hotel dispose de plusieurs piscines. Je conseille celle pour les adultes c'est BEAUCOUP plus calme. L'eau est tres chaude. Il y a aussi un Spa mais je n'ai pas teste.... . Comme tous les autres hotel il a un casino et plein de restaurants mais en plus il y a une superette. Ca peut servir. Bref c'est une sorte de mini pays !!. . Les locaux sont propres (sauf la piscine mais une douche en sortant et le tour est joue).. Niveau situation c'est nikel.. . J'ai paye dans les 60-70 la chambre.
While the weekday room rates are reasonable, the weekend rates are disproportionately higher and not justified for the room quality. Signage on the casino floor is obscured and the traffic pattern to traverse between entrances, registration, towers and meeting rooms is extremely cluttered. Be prepared to be constantly molested be employees trying to up sell the property as you navigate the smoke filled casino area. . . The food court has airport prices and is poorly laid out. The buffet is $16 - $20 and average at best. . . I was part of a convention taking place in one of the meeting rooms. I must say that the Marketing Department really went above and beyond to make that a phenomenal experience. Our convention is annual and we will most likely end up here again next year simply because of how well we were treated by the Marketing Department.
Decent rooms. Customer service was very good!
Not one of the better places to stay on the Strip anymore.  When I was younger, I thought it was great.  Nowadays, I'm not too crazy about it.  I have not stayed overnight here in over 12 years, but I have been back multiple times just to visit.. . The positive things are the following:. . 1.  It looks like a castle (which is still cool after all these years). 2.  They have the Tournament of Kings (Dinner Show). 3.  The Fun Dungeon (I enjoy playing games). 4.  Room rates are affordable. 5.  Nice location. . The negative:. . 1.  The ventilation is awful.  . 2.  Casino is more smoke filled than most other places on the Strip. 3.  The place needs to be upgraded . . If I was on a very tight budget, I'd probably stay here again to see how the rooms are.  From what I hear from my friends who have stayed here recently, I won't be.  They said their rooms were old and outdated.  Okay, I've only heard it from two friends so that does not make a consensus.  I do believe them though.. . I'll still come to visit the Fun Dungeon especially when we have nieces and nephews with us.
The hotel itself is pretty cool but don't expect anything fancy. It was a little bit chaotic to go from the entrance to the registration point since you have to walk through the casino, but overall it was okay. They keep the AC crazy cold and I had to wear a jacket every time I wanted to go down for some reason. The room was pretty big and reasonable clean, but it didn't have a mini-bar or a little fridge to keep our drinks cold. . They gave us $20 off coupon to use in some bars that are located in their casino which I found pretty cool. Who doesn't like free drinks, right? The barman who served our drinks was very funny and made our experience in the hotel even better.. . If you want to check some of the pics that I took when I was visiting the city check out this blog post :) http://feetfromshore.wordpress.com/2013/09/10/finding-some-charm-in-vegas/
Closest place to the Monte Carlo (where I stayed) that I was able to find with $5 craps tables. . . This hotel also boasts a tram that connects to The Luxor and Mandalay Bay. Anytime you can forgo walking Vegas that's a good thing.. . Unfortunately a lot of the moving walkways weren't working when we went. I don't know if it had anything to do with the rain. I think not because all these walkways seemed covered, but I could be wrong.
I am staying here for 5 nights with my family.... So here's my take of this place ...check-in time was bad ... I got dropped off at the back entrance by the airport shuttle and had to lug my suitcases, 2 year old son, and other crap across the casino.. When I got to the other side we had to stand in a long line. It took about 45 minutes of our time. & it sucked.. Woman was letting me have it before we even checked in about picking this place to stay.... However, the room was clean... And the view from our room of the Luxor was awesome.. We found the food court to be useful, cheaper then the buffets, and convenient. Lots of options too.. The Tournament of Kings show was awesome, and the Free monorail that rolled us over to the Shark Reef at the Mandalay Bay was also very convenient.. The casino is huge, and the room service staff was excellent in cleaning the room.. I would give this place 3 stars after a Rocky Start.... Good location, decent price. We enjoyed our stay overall.
Upon reading the reviews on this hotel, I was definitely expecting the worst. However, I was pleasantly surprised. It took my fiancee and I about 45 minutes to check in, which I felt was a little long. We stayed in Tower II, and our room was very nice and clean. The hotel definitely needs to upgrade the internet, bc they do not have wifi. But they did have internet connection (ethernet) in the room. The only issue inside the room that we encountered was that the breaker tripped or something, twice, shutting off the tv and internet both times. But surprisingly, both issues were fixed in less than 10 minutes.. I will not give this place 5 stars because of the CONSTANT HARASSMENT of people trying to sell you time shares. We were asked at least 30 times in a 5 day span. So irritating. But other than that, we enjoyed our stay at the Excalibur, and my first visit to vegas!
Somehow, I ended up staying at Excalibur during business conventions, often enough they turned out to have the best rate and convenience location on the Strip.   Although being in the south side of it, they have good access to the nearby hotels and freeway access.  They have very close by outdoor parking for both Towers hotel elevator entrance.. . Tower I is where all the infamous dirty rooms are at, avoid staying there if you can.  Tower II is a bit newer with cleaner rooms.  Problems can general be sorted out with a nice tips to staffs.  They usually come with a coupon book with varies deals for their restaurants.  For some reasons, I actually used my free food credits since I always end up eating at other places.  Casino ranks on the low end for the Strip area, mostly average people gamble here, and high rollers rarely seen here.  At least this hotel seems kids friendly compared to the adult theme they filled with in other hotels.. . Various hotel sites rated this place a three stars hotel, which is consistence with what I experienced during my stay here.
OK.I have been going to Vegas for the last 15 years on and off. I had my own business and when out there often so I have stayed almost everywhere.This is the best hotyl for kids..not adults..Let's start at the bottom floor they have a whole arcade with prizes for the kids. The prices of the food at the restaurants is very fair and the Italian restaurant for example has huge portions.I rarely eat pizza but they have the best I have tasted. There are a lot of stores nearby on the strip and they have a huge food court with everything you could want on a budget... . Now..If you are talking accomidations they are dated and kinda on the generic side so it's not a fancy or glitzy hotel by any means. The hotel has similar prices to Stratosphere,Riviera and the Hilton. If you have a family it's a great place to stay and you are close enough to be bale to walk to some of the other larger casinos. Not a place to come for the young crowd I would suggest some of the more contemporary hotels with exciting new clubs.
Dear God I have a hang over. I've been up all night playing slots and poker and I've had a blast. I hit up pizza hut & dairy queen and just about every place that sold liquor. Oh ok so ugh my huge king size bed is a plus but everything else is kind a odd everything is old looks like it needs to be remodeled. Everything smells like old molding and or musty. People who work here well u can't walk down the hall without them begging you to see a show or should u give your life away the will let u see a show for half the money. See my pictures I will add more once I wake up I'm so tired I've been up all night.
Came to check out the games for the kids.  So far so good!
Rooms are clean but a little dated.
Poor Excalibur is in need of a serious update.  . . Lets start with the not so good.  Excalibur is definitely one of the more dated hotels on the strip.  I stayed here while running the Vegas Half, nice and close to the start, not so close to the finish.  Excalibur's rooms are very dated, popcorn ceilings, older floors and furniture, but definitely fine for the price.  NONE of the stupid escalators things work... wish they would have considering how much I just ran. . . The good.. The buffett is good and a good price at Excalibur.  I had a good breakfast there.  They let me check in early, way early upon arrival, and they are friendly. . . Overall, for the price, it is good.  I'm hardly in my room in Vegas.  When I go back I would stay there again depending on the nature of the trip... my future wedding no... a few days in Vegas yes... Price reflects the quality.
Excalibur definitely has a great visual impact upon arrival...I mean, what's more awesome than staying inside a hotel that looks like a castle? But once you step inside your room, you realize that it's not as cool anymore.  . . The parking lot is huge, but it is spread out around the hotel rather than being condensed into a parking structure.  So, we ended up in a spot where we had to walk pretty far to get inside the hotel.  Not that I'm lazy, but we had a lot of stuff to carry! . . Check in was easy.  We dared my friend to try the "$20 Trick" to see if we could get a room upgrade, but it didn't work-- probably because there were too many bookings for EDC weekend.  . . Our room could have used a facelift.  The furnishings were all pretty ugly and must have seen better days.  I've stayed at better equipped Holiday Inns.  Not that I could complain, really, because the price for the room was pretty good! . . This is a practical hotel that fit our needs of 1) being on The Strip 2) storing our things 3) giving us a place to crash at night.  If you are expecting any more than that, or if you'll be spending a lot of time in the hotel, you'll be disappointed.  In that case, I  suggest you drop a bit more cash on a better hotel.  But for the frugal group who will be out most of the time, Excalibur is a good fit!
Oh, Excalibur. This place, as affordable as it is, needs some revamping!. . The low ceilings make it difficult to breathe as the smoker kind of lingers.. . -Other than that, customer service is good for the most part.. -The rooms are clean-ish. -The fun dungeon (arcade and kids area) could use some newer games
I go to Vegas a couple times a year  and I stay at different casinos .  This last time in September I stayed at the Excalibur.  We have stayed here before.  We always enjoy this casino, the rooms are clean and comfortable and the price is reasonable.  This last time we left a tip for the maid who was cleaning our room. She left us a thank you note, which I thought was very thoughtful of her.  It is the first time anyone has written us a thank you note for a tip. Her name was Clementine and she did a wonderful job.
I have stayed here three times due to the fact the with my M Life card I get really great prices, for two nights I paid around 120 with resort fees as well as taxes. A lot of people complain about the resort fee but to my knowledge pretty much every hotel charges that sort of fee. First time I stayed here was in the week so the prices were much cheaper and we got an upgraded room on the remodeled tower, I think if your one of those persons who wants something more luxurious this may night be the hotel for you. That doesn't mean its a ugly hotel its average. Anyways the pool is Great!! really big and so much fun, love the dj and how he pumps things up.  Just remember your going to Vegas to enjoy the gambling and outside your only going to be in your room to sleep and get ready :) don't be so anal...
We stayed here from the 26-29th and just got home today. I will tell you the good the bad and the ugly of this hotel. . . THE GOOD is how wonderful the staff were. . They were very helpful from the receptionists to the housekeepers. . Our room was a contemporary room and so we had no issues with anything in our room. We actually enjoyed it as we were traveling as a family with two boys. They liked the hotel room more than anything, they especially liked the view they had of the pool. . . THE BAD is how much my sons eyes were red and blood shot everytime we had to walk through the casino. Being a smoker really wouldn't bother you but for a child it bothered him a great deal and my other son started a cough that lasted until after we left. When my husband or I were in the Casino we had to worry about the network going down and the slots not providing us with the pay out we were entitled to. So we wasted countless hours waiting around for someone to come to our machine to help even thought the machine indicated it was in need of some assistance with the light blinking at the top. Half the time more lights were blinking than not blinking. . . THE UGLY was the same as the other reviews....The timeshare people. They are relentless and if it wasn't for my husband I would have gotten into something that I didn't want any part of. They immediately come off as if they are people trying to offer you a good deal on shows and draw you in but then they let you know that you will need to go see or do something for them that will only take 2 hours. WRONG it will take ALL day and if you only have 3 days in Vegas you now will only have 2. Good Luck!!!. . My family and I will look into staying at NYNY, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, or even MGM next time as there were much better Casino's and shops within these hotels. . . ***The TOURNAMENT OF KINGS was great but you don't have to be staying at the hotel to go see it. I would just catch the show but stay somewhere else if you are looking for the VEGAS experience.
