The entrance to this place starts off with a row of concrete filled bath tubs on both sides of you and the thematic color is black. You enter into a large open dark area with lounge style seating. We got a nice private room that overlooked into the rest of the dining area. We had about 15 people in our party and spent over $1000 including tax and tip. So this was an expensive restaurant nonetheless. It was a different twist on modern i would say. I ordered the appetizer butter fish which was skewered on wood and came with virtually uncooked and earthy tasting fresh asparagus. The butterfish was cooked just right with the perfect sweet fish flavor. The sweet glaze on the butterfish was delish as well. I ordered a bowl of brown rice which they charged $5 for. I think they pride themselves in the presentations of their dishes. Their bathrooms are quite unique as you walk into the hallway and see these boy pictures and think taht you are going into a male bathroom and then you find two doors with each with a similar statue next to them, but no inscription as to which is male or female. Talk about Russian Rulet. I won't spoil it. I ended up waiting for someone to come out of one of them before i chose the right bathroom.
Truly just OK.. . I was here with two girlfriends and we came for dinner before hitting the nightclub. We had a reservation but had to sit at the bar for over 20 minutes before we were seated. The place was super loud (people and music) and when we were seated, we were barely an arms-length away from the next table over. Our server(s) - we had a few rotating in/out (maybe it was the switch over time?) - were pleasant but seemed rushed and stressed throughout the meal. . . The food was mediocre and arrived overly quickly... We definitely felt rushed. We each had something different - variety of fish, meat and chicken - but each dish was overly salty and oily. The portions were fine but lacking flare and flavor. I also didn't like how we "had" to order main dishes in order to be able to access the nightclub. I was much more interested in ordering two appetizers but my evening plans got in the way!. . The cocktails were fun and the wine list impressive. The bar at the front of the restaurant has a great atmosphere - I'd come back for drinks anytime.  I'd probably also come back for dinner because, after all, it's Vegas and you're here to have some fun in loud and busy places! . . p.s. In case you didn't know: the entrance to the restaurant has bath tubs which have both rose petals and barely clothed women soaking in them! It's a surprise and a unique experience!
Tao restaurant is like PF Chang's with tighter skirts, louder music and higher prices. (In case you didn't pick up on it - I didn't use PF Chang's as a positive reference). . . I went with the fixed price menu and had the salmon which was okay. Definitely had better for half the price. . . I did REALLY like their filet mignon. We subbed out the wasabi that it comes with but it was a damn good filet mignon. . . I know Tao nightclub is upstairs but DAMN it was loud in the restaurant and I'm one of those people who always tell others to relax when they say a place is too loud. It really was way too loud. . . Fixed price menu is $55. . . Honestly, it was only worth it so we could get stamped to get into the nightclub.
We,ll my first time here wasn't so great. Aside from the food being pretty good. And the decor being super nice. The waiter was just being a dick to me and my gf at the time. Prices were a bit steep as well. Mind you this was a few years ago. So a couple of weekends ago, thought I'd give Tao restaurant one more shot. To my surprise I was pleased. Made reservations about 1045 pm. Arrived around 1030 pm. Waited no more then 20 mins, which wasn't bad. Seated upstairs overlooking most of the restaurant which was pretty bitchin. Nice and dim lighting, Asian writing on the ceilings. Music I gotta say was a bit loud. To the point where I had to yell my order out to the waiter. But nothing too bad. Had the filet mignon and noodles. Which was good. Brother had the sausage egg and noodles. Which to me sounds like a breakfast but he enjoyed it. My friend had the orange chicken. Which was very similar to panda express, no joke. Had some drinks and a bottle of cold sake. Yeah with tip and all. Still manage to keep the bill under $200. Which I have to say is damn good. Because at the end of our meal, we all got stamps to the club, with very little wait. All in all not bad. I might make another round here if I'm ever in Vegas. Only pet peeve the individual sushi prices were outrageous. Lol.
Third time at Tao. 6 years ago, it was fantastic. Now, it is over-hyped. . . Expect to spend some time waiting for your table, surrounded by giant bachelor and bachelorette parties, convention groups, etc. I'd say it's a great place to see and be seen, but not really...it's more of a place to gawk at the bad choices people made before leaving their hotel rooms. "Oh no, she did NOT just wear that sweater as a dress. Oh no, this guy does NOT have a moustache minus the irony..." You get the idea.. . Still, it's certainly over the top and will wow newbies to Vegas. And if you are as much about getting your drink on as getting your eat on, this is the perfect choice. However, if you are focused on the finery of your food, you will probably be disappointed by the excessive use of salt in everything that drowns out flavors and creates one TAO taste.. . Bottom line: know what you are getting into. If you do, you may love it!
The front desk kept us waiting over a half hour past our reservation and treated us like we were one of the "not cool enough" people at the nightclub next door (who they clearly put in front of our reservation). . . The waiter was fantastic and the food was excellent. It's too bad the front desk was so rude. It could have been a great meal but I won't go back.
Came for dinner at Tao hoping it would be similar to the NYC location. Vegas was better in terms of service: arrived on time for our reservation and seated immediately and the servers were friendly, efficient, and extremely attentive. The atmosphere and decor is interesting and fun, and plenty of big tables for large groups. . . On the other hand, Tao Las Vegas is not so good with the food. Same menu and in fact, we ordered several of the same dishes(salmon nigiri, peking duck spring rolls, chilean sea bass, black pepper filet mignon with udon) but they just didn't taste fresh and as the hubby says "it tastes very Vegas" (translation: food made for the masses). It's a fun place for the ambiance but if you are there for the cuisine, there are too many other great places in Vegas to try. I will save my next visit to Tao for my next trip to NYC.
My friend and I stayed at the Venetian hotel apr 3/4 - easy elevator trip to Tao.  We took an early reservation at 5:30 to get to  7:30 show.  The visual/decor of the restaurant is stunning, low lights, asian-pacific, tasteful and romantic.  Not many folks there at 5:30 which was fine.  The food in general was good, and the service was excellent.  I had a tequila and cucumber cocktail that was fabulous.  My soy-ginger salmon was heavenly!  The onedisappointment was when my friend ordered the kobe beef skewer with shitaki mushrooms.  (She had never had kobe beef before, and not knowing better she ate a portion of it, along with the mushrooms- and remarked that it was "good").  I tried it and found it flavorful but chewy - something that kobe beef should never  be.  By the time we were able to point this out to the server, it was time for us to leave for our show and there was no time to order something else. No adjustment on the tab, either!  Lesson:  Don't order kobe beef unless you know the restaurant knows "kobe" beef.
Absolutely love this place but they  seem to decline with every visit. It became sort of a tradition to come here whenever I'm in Vegas. And I always order the same thing (wasabi crusted steak and kobe beef sashimi). Well, this time the sashimi was missing the flavor, it was pretty bland and the onion rings were under way cooked. Maybe it's time to find another yummy steak place in LV.
0 stars for the 1.5 hour wait (with reservations!). 0 stars for the attitude of the host staff and bouncers (one guy had the ever important job of asking each person who walked by  to move over 2 steps to the right). 5 stars for the Chilean sea bass. 5 stars for our waiter. . We had reservations for 9:30 pm and didn't get seated until a little past 11 pm. The hostess had no explanation for us other than that they take walk-ins as well. It was bizarre, we asked once about 20 minutes into our wait, and then 40 minutes in, and both times were shrugged off by the hostess. Then around 11 I had finally had it and went up to ask when our pager would be going off. She asked how many, and led us to our table right away, like we'd just been waiting 5 minutes. So apparently they only seat people who look super irritated?. . I reallllly wanted to give this place 1 star. DAMN THE CHILEAN SEA BASS. It was phenomenal! (Although the fact that I was starving due to the fact that it was 11:30 pm probably didn't hurt.) I would go back again just for it (and the line jumper pass to the Tao nightclub), but I would definitely be more persistent about getting seated faster or be more prepared to wait a couple of hours.
This is a highly over rated establishment.  The sushi rolls are pre made for speed and the toppings are added upon ordering so the rice is hard and cold.  The hot food is good but very pricey.  There are many other options that will yield you a better value.
Good food and a rude waiter I wanted to kick in the shins.. . I thought the food was pretty yummy. I ordered two kinds of sushi - angry dragon roll and whatever the waiter recommended - and i loved my angry dragon roll. The waiter forced me to get the other roll or he wouldn't give me the stamp to get into the club portion of TAO. (Going to Vegas with all guys, never again!) That's fine by me, except the waiter said it in a mean spirited way and was pretty rude overall in my opinion. However the food was TAO's saving grace. I also had the prime rib and orange chicken which was super yummy.. . My friend ordered the kobe steak, which was amazing! It was so good, it deserves its very own paragraph! Perfectly cooked and just made me fall in love with steak all over again. My friend was kind enough to share that delicious steak with the rest of our party. One phrase stands out to me from that night, "the kobe steak was like an orgasm in my mouth."  I think the steak definitely bumped my rating from 3 stars to 4. Again, it was really awesome.
Food was good, nothing mind blowing, and for theprice, would have been more satisfied at any one of my favorite asian food dives.  Cool restaurant though, great for people watching.
I love the setting and the mood of this place. I've tried a small number of different entrees here, and the only thing i would recommend anyone getting would be the Typhoon Lobster with Fingerling Potatoes. They serve you a whole damn lobster and more for $45!! then, you get free entry to TAO nightclub. awesome!
Loved the presentation. We had the pleasure of having the family style dinner where the chef picked the menu for us. I loved the concept and the food was very good. The best dish- sea bass.  It literally melted in your mouth.
Went here on a Friday night. Made reservation for 8 and we were seated immediately in the upper dining area. . . Cool decor and very very good service. Food was pretty good to very good.. . There seems to be differences in opinion in the Yelp reviews whether dining at Tao gets you a free pass to get into the Tao Club. My understanding is that if you order an entree then you (males and females) get into the dance club for free. People also seem to have experienced differences in whether they have to leave the restaurant and then stand in a line to get back in, or if they are allowed to go straight in. On the night we were there (Friday), we had to go outside the restaurant and then stand in a somewhat short line to get back in.. . A cool place to eat, but there are lots of great places to eat in Vegas, and this place wasn't good enough to make me want to go back.
The atmosphere sexy and loungy. Perfect place for date or friend gathering. The meals  size is huge and excellent for sharing. If you have any diet restrictions of salt or high fat make sure that the waiter aware of it. We ordered spring veggie rolls, beef  appetizer and for the main course we picked the sired tuna, with "over salted" spinach and "overly"  fried coconut-shrimp with the side dish salad. The mochi desert was impressively tasty. Also the cocktails list was nice.
I've been to Tao several times for dinner, a quick bite and/or some drinks.   It's consistent, but nothing to write home about.   Food is OK, drinks OK, and the over-the-top Asian ambiance is typical Las Vegas.   It's pricey too.. Again, not bad, but not anything special either.
Not sure the point of a reservation because my name went right onto a list with others who just showed up. Food was good but not the best I've ever had nor particularly innovative. We had Peking duck spring rolls, soft shell crab sushi ( which barely had any soft shell crab), dragon roll, and the night's special drunken lobster pad Thai. The sushi was average and the lobster pad thai was good, but nothing extraordinary.  Service was good. People watching was more interesting than the food.
This should be at least a 3.5 but that wasn't an option.  I gave them a 3 instead of a 4 because the food was just ok and despite being told ahead of time that we would get into the nightclub free if we dined there.  After the meal they said it was still half price for guys because it as a busy weekend.  There's not much you can do but was still a little upset that I told a table of 10 we'd get into a club for free only to be told differently after we ordered.  The waited did hook us up with a tasting menu for the table which for about $70 a person proved to be plenty of food with a wide variety of dishes to try.  The sea bass skewers were by far the best dish we had, all agreed.  The lobster pad Thai was good but the lobster was tougher than lobster should be.  I wish there was more sushi because that wasn't bad at all but all there cooked items were marginal.  I like the at,osphere but for the price there are much better options to choose from, especially if you still have to pay to get into the nightclub which was the restaurants best perk.
The food has gotten better.  It's an Asian Bistro so if you're not into Asian Fusion this place is not for you.  They are good with seperating the shellfish for those who have allergies.. . Biggestdownside.  We had 9pm reservations arrived at 8:50 but got seated at 9:30.  Not sure what happened and I don't think they knew either.  Others were seated before us who arrived after us.. . It's an ok place but not a must.
Food 3 Stars. Service 4 Stars. Atmosphere 4 Stars. . Tao is the place to go when your in Vegas and it's always packed with trendy fun people. I really enjoy the atmosphere, but I've never been really impressed with the food. If you have a few friends in town that want to experience the Vegas seen for dinner and go clubbing all night than this is a great place to start. If you're a real foodie who enjoys amazing food and the experience is only a small part of the dinner, save your money and head to Nobu.
Tao is one of those places that you feel is a must whenever you're in Vegas. In my opinion, it is one of those places that is a bit overrated.. . My friends & I had reservations for 10PM at Tao about two Fridays ago to celebrate a friends birthday. When we first walked in we had to make a line in order to have our IDs checked. It was extremely crowded & noisy as we made our way up the line. Once inside we were given a beeper that would alert us when our table was ready. During that time we were waiting around & people kept rushing/pushing past us to get upstairs to the club.. . Let me get to the service & food. After we were seated we had a friendly waiter who suggested a couple of the restaurant's signature dishes. I discretely told him the fact that it was my friend's birthday in order for them to bring out a cake or special dessert for her (which they did - a mousse filled fortune cookie). He was great and started stating some random facts about the club after I whispered in his ear so she wouldn't catch on. So kudos to that. Service all around was AMAZING.. . The food was decent. Honestly, what stood out to me was the miso glazed sea bass. I could have ate that & that alone all night long. Everything else was okay from the noodles to the several appetizers we did try out. I can't remember everything we ordered exactly.. . If you're trying to go to the nightclub & are in the mood to eat something before hand then you should come check it out for yourself. With the purchase of an entree you don't have to pay the cover charge for the club.. . Will I be back? Not likely.
I giving this 3 stars only because it was just ok and I don't think this place lives to the hype. . the Sushi was good but I def had better. So yes, this place is good but I had better Asian food at many other places. I would only go back here to eat so then i can just go to the club without waiting on line. It seems like everyone says "you have to go to TAO" to eat if you are in Vegas. Not sure why as they are prob many other better places to eat. It's a fun place, so you can enjoy the food and have a good time but to me its more of a place to be seen rather then eat great quality food. Well at least I got it out of the way to go eat here so I don't have to go back. You are not paying for the food here because if you were then you be getting ripped off big time, you are paying for the scene and the name.
I admit, the ambiance is pretty cool, but if you're looking for a place to dine and chat it's a bit difficult to do that at Tao. I thought the noise level was a bit too loud among the music and various side conversations from neighboring tables.. . Our group of 14 decided to order family style. Dishes that stuck out to me:. .  * Spicy Tuna tartare on crispy rice: One of my favorite things I ate at TAO. If you're afraid of spicy food, this wasn't too spicy. I enjoyed the textures and flavors this dish provided.. . *Squab lettuce wraps: delicious and easy to wrap.. . *Lobster wonton: I thought the wonton was overcooked, which had that "mushy" texture. Pass.. . *Miso glazed Chillian Sea Bass: Another favorite dish I enjoyed eating. I highly recommend this dish.. . Our bill at the end of our meal came out to $45 for 13 of us. Although the food was enjoyable, I personally thought that it wasn't worth $45. Then again, I had no input on what we ordered since one of the girls in our party was responsible for that. I wouldn't mind coming back and giving it another try though.. . *EDIT 9-26-12*. . I should clarify that each girl paid $45...not $45 for the total bill. If you're all about the food, you might as well head to a good Chinese restaurant and pay half the price.
I have eaten here twice and both times the food has been great.  Kung Pao Chicken Was Great, The Sushi was better than average, and the fortune cookie was a great desert.  The Service However has been sub par.  The second time I went there dinner took almost 2 hours.  The place is so busy that its hard to get the attention of your server.  Expect your Cocktail to sit empty for a while before they bring you another one.  Next time I will try take out!
You can get a 5 star experience her if .... . You NEED order really well. The menu is hit and miss. Both times I've been her I have had wonderful dishes ... and the well documented "over priced chinese food." I'd personally go for the Sea Bass and the Lobster Wontons with Shiitake Ginger Broth. If Tao put as much love into all there dishes as they put into the atmosphere ... this place would be a slam dunk. But as it is both of my experiences left me wanting more attention place on some of the items we ordered.. . I would also recommend you take advantage of the free night club entry. Otherwise you may feel like you paid way to much for the experience.
Insanely good Sea Bass and delicious pad thai but more than anything the atmosphere makes this place amazing.  Even the girls laying in rose pedals when you walk in left an impression.  The food was forgettable while everything that I saw around me made a lasting impression.
food was much better 3 years ago and waitress was not familiar with menu
A not so knock off of PF Changs.   The service was slow. The tables were to cramped and the food was simply put just ok.  The music was too loud.  I suggest go to Changs at plant Hollywood  and save some money
I went to Tao Asian Bistro on April 4, 2013 with my boyfriend for our romantic date in Vegas. I loved the atmosphere and decor. The music is loud and pumping through out the restaurant but it didn't bother me at all. It could bother some older people though but it set the tone for the ambiance of the place and I personally enjoyed it.  I suggest making a reservation to the place since it is pretty busy.  The wait for our table did not take too long. We were able to grab a drink at the bar right there located in the entrance and get our barrings and enjoy what this place had to offer. The staff was very helpful and friendly. The food..amazing. I had the chilean sea bass..OMG! So good..so worth it. Boyfriend had the kobe steak topped with onions, amazing as well! Dessert was terrific.  After dinner, if you wanted to go to the nightclub all you have to do is ask your waiter and a hostess will stamp your hand to get in to the club. You still have to go outside to check your i.d. but the wait in the line is minimal.  . So, why the 3 star?  Well everything was GREAT except at the end of our meal when the waiter brought BACK our check to sign the total. I wasn't sure what that was about but pointed to my boyfriend to have him sign it because he was paying for it. Now, we are seated very close to the other people and the waiter yells out, " Well when you tip me less than 10% you have to initial that's what you want."  People next to us were looking at us and my face just went flush! Then he walked away muttering something under his breath, I was trippin! My boyfriend had miscalculated the tip, not usually coming to a place like this and feeling a bit uncomfortable, he quickly signed the bill over and gave it to the waiter not realizing he miscalculated the tip.  Now, I understand..don't get me wrong. I was a bartender so tips are apart of your income and perhaps in a place like this, management may look at the waiters performance as a reason why his tip was so small, which clearly was not the case, he was great. But to embarrass us like that, really upset me and instead of going to the club later, we just decided to go home. So much for a romantic night. But you know, regardless of all that, I do know that Vegas thrives on money and on our way out I gave the waiter another tip because he was good, no doubt. IT was just a misunderstanding. . Again, I understand where the waiter was coming from but jeeze, maybe speak softer and don't walk away muttering things under your breathe making us feel like we were unwelcomed and like we did not belong. Because of this, regardless of the awesome food, we will not go back nor advise others to do so either because I believe it could have been handled better with less embarrassment for customers who spent over $200 for dinner.
If you've never been to Tao, the decor is lovely and the attached nightclub makes people watching an experience,otherwise, give Tao a miss. It's loud, pricey and the food is only so-so. Be especially careful of the trendy dishes like Chilean Sea Bass or Kobe beef, the Tao chefs do not seem to know how to work with quality protiens and we were very disappointed.. . *Edit - I received a very nice response from the folks at Tao asking us to return and give them another chance. I am not sure when I will be back in Vegas, but I do have to give them credit for good customer service.
The appetizer and main course was wonderful... Dessert is lacking. XO Hong Kong shrimp was amazing!!! Bottle up the sauce. Service was efficient but not very friendly. The place was too loud I couldn't hear my own conversation across our little table. Nice place but no romantic ambiance due to noise level and sitting on top of people next to us.
Not what I was expecting. First, this isn't a nice date place unless you want half of your conversation being "what?" I didn't think they'd have the club music blaring in the restaurant. The food was alright, probably won't go back :/
I went here for dinner while in Las vegas, June 4, 2013.  Our server Ronnie was great and very helpful.  The setting inside the restaurant was really cool and the mood inside the restaurant was very relaxing.  I started with the tempura onion rings which were $4.  The order came with only three onion rings, they were good though but I expected more.  For my main course I ordered the chicken pad thai for $19.  They don't offer differing spice levels so I just added sriracha to mine to get my desired spice level.  The portion size was ok.  I could barely find chicken in mine so if I were to come here again I would go with the vegetarian pad thai.  The server that was filling our drinks did a very poor job, He walked past my empty water glass maybe 8 times before I had to say something to get him to fill it.  Overall a very cool hip restaurant, but I wouldn't give it my recommendation.
I used to like Tao but I have realized its more about the ambiance and less about the food. And sometimes that is fine, they don't disappoint. But for good sushi there are many other places for good food and less money.
Lobster Egg rolls, EXCELLENT-- as long as you have it with the sweet thai chili sauce and not the spicy mustard/hoisin mix it comes with (not a fan of that). . . I had the orange chicken, yes i know, not a very exciting option considering the many other options on the menu, but i was happy with my choice and it was delicious. . . My niece had the lo mein and she said it was the best lo mein she's ever had!  Overall it was very tasty, but have had asian food that's tastier in Houston... The scene was very cool and the customer service was just ok. everyone was nice, but for what the meal cost i expected better service and more attention. If i was 21-28 i would probably think this place was sooooo cool and fun, but i guess now i know better. . . Too many other places to try in Vegas, so probably wouldn't be a top contender for me to return to... prefer little buddha at the palms.
Meh. You never know what to expect from the portions based on the descriptions. The sushi wasn't the best I've had, not bad, but nothing worth commanding such a high dollar. The music in the dining area is so loud you cannot hear the people you're dining with. Upstairs is supposed to be the club, hello. Yes. the club is packed. You're a sardine. Packed.
My boyfriend and I decided to have dinner at Tao and then proceed to party it up on the 2nd level afterwards since cover was included from dinner. (score! There is re-entry and You get to go on a much faster line too) We were on time for our reservation. The hostess said we'll be seated in about 15 minutes, but we ended up waiting for 40+. Now I was super hungry and it was already like 11PM. If it wasn't for how pretty everything was inside and how nice the people were, I would've given them a lower rating. I had the miso salmon udon and it was delicious. I made it a habit to get uni every time I am at a japanese restaurant, and their's was really fresh. My boyfriend and I weren't a fan of his wasabi crusted steak, however. Service was excellent and the whole place is beautiful. Don't think I would eat here again, but definitely coming back for the party =)
Eh, Hard time choosing between 3 and 4 on this place.  . . Drinks: Asian Beers- nothing special but the price. come on, its vegas. I can hop on a table and get fed free beer all night. No reason to charge me 9 dollars a beer. Also beer is the only beverages without prices in the drink menu. Wonder why??? -1. . Appetizer- Sushi- The sushi was tasty, but for this scale of restaurant (not to mention price) it should have been better......actually i have had better sushi in Reno in a dump of a casino.  -1. . Food- Wasabai crusted Filet with onion rings. Cooked really well exactly as ordered . +2. . . Desert- skipped it, nothing looked good. Ordered beer instead. . . . Do yourself a favor, go to one of the other thousands of great restaurants other than here if your in Vegas and reading this.
I went here on a recommendation of a friend. I really enjoyed the atmosphere and our waiter was great. We were very happy with the recommendations made from our waiter. The sea bass was wonderful. The sashimi plate had a great selection; the toro toro roll and the Chef roll were all delicious.. . We sat at the sushi bar. Something we always enjoy, however, at Tao there was no interaction between the itamae (sushi chef) and the patrons which we found disappointing, especially because it seemed they had a lot of down time. . . Because this is Vegas, people watching is always at its' best. There was another couple sitting at the sushi bar who clearly had a lot to drink, so that made for some entertaining conversation over dinner. . . Overall, the food was good and the wait staff attentive; however, I would probably try somewhere else for sushi when we go back next year.
Had reservation for 7:00 and got seated 7:45 and only cause we pushed them a bit otherwise looked like another half an hour.. Appetizers were ok ..i really liked the spring rolls.. Sushi was tasteless and rice was undercooked. Service could have been better..
I went to dinner on a Thursday night with a group of 9 fellow Yelpers to celebrate a special occasion. Glad we had reservations because the place got packed in just a few minutes. It was very dark and very loud. We spent most of the night yelling, "WHAT?"  across the table. Some even ended up texting each other during dinner. Our service was pleasant and all of our food came out in under 10 minutes. I ordered the hot and spicy soup and the veggie dumplings. Everyone at our table was pleased with their orders. The drinks were typical Vegas Strip prices, but I heard that they were delicious. Our waiter brought us a HUGE dessert tray to share in honor of the special occasion. I think the dessert plate may have been the highlight of the evening.
I went here with a group of friends to celebrate a "birthday" which turned out to be something else. The interior was nice but the food was a bit marginal for the price. I mean, c'mon! Duck fried rice for $15? Pad Thai for $19-22? For one person? I'm not one to look at the price but this place made me do it. I could go to any Asian restaurant for the same food but for less money and better taste.. . We started the night with some tasty cocktails. I wanted to try Love Potion #9 (Grey Goose Cherry Noir, cranberry and lychee puree) but Angela H beat me to it so to be different,  I got a Dragon Slayer (Bacardi Dragonberry, Ginger liqeur, strawberry and togarashi spice) instead. Black Pearl ((Henessy Black, blackberries, yuzu and agave nectar). The drinks were pretty awesome!. . Wasabi-Crusted Filet Mignon with Tempura Onion Rings:. This one was the best value for $38. Good and tender filet. However,  this one came with fat...and I'm not a fan of animal fat.  The wasabi crust was great and not overpowering/sinus-clearing. 3.5/5. . Mandarin Sizzled Fried Rice with Peking Duck:. The duck was great and overall this was good fried rice. But for $15 and a serving for 1 person? Not so much. 3/5. . Lacquered Roast Pork:. Chinese BBQ pork is what this is. You get about 7 slices of pork. I mean, it wasn't bad but it wasn't spectacular either. Go to Chinatown instead. 2/5. . The highlight of the evening was the dessert sampler. It was a huuuge plate with all kinds of crazy chocolate desserts. We had a chocolate mousse, a giant fortune cookie filled with cream and chocolate, ice cream, souffle, wontons with chocolate, fruits...CRAZY!
If I was rating JUST the Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon, it would be a 4 star easily!  It was the rest of the items that pulled the review down slightly, as was the bang/buck ratio.. . The Wasabi Crusted Filet Mignon ($40) with Tempura Onion Rings. This was great! A little fatty which I loved, perfectly cooked, and the crust was very flavorful but not overpowering. A good deal considering the prices of the other dishes! Go with the steak!!. . Mandarin Sizzled Fried Rice with Peking Duck ($15). This was good! It had lots of flavor, and a slightly larger portion than I was expecting...but still a little spendy overall.. . Lacquered Roast Pork ($13). This was a little chewy and the sauce was pretty thick. Can't touch the cheaper versions in Chinatown!  Pass. . And to finish, the Dessert Platter. This thing was HUGE!! Enough food for the 10+ of us! We said our dinner here was for an anniversary, so this monster was gratis! There were some goodies there...nothing amazing, but all were good! . . So again, if you come here...go with the STEAKS!  I wasn't impressed with the rest of the meal personally.. . Pics :
