We went there to try out based on yelp reviews...sorry to say  it just OK for me. My son loves their enchiladas... me and my husband had chow fun and stir fry beef  which is kinda no taste.  Don't get me wrong they give you pretty large portions with super cheap price you can't go wrong with it. But if you ever had tasty food elsewhere this is not going to be please your taste buds.. Really good customer service, super cheap on my $$ deserve 3 stars for me.. And BTW parking plaza was empty when we went there.
I have been waiting for a slow day at work to make the trip for lunch as this place is not close to the office at all. I was hoping it would be worth the efforts to go this far as the reviews were all so positive. . Hole in the wall location kind of tucked in a small commercial center so pay attention when your driving by, currently there is a burnt down Jack n the Box as a landmark right across the street so use that as a landmark for the mean time. Walking in the place is small, not air conditioned and just kind of meh but given its location i dont expect to be walking into anything super posh either. . I have eaten here now twice with the first time having the tacos 2 beef and 1 chicken both the Korean style offerings and they were good but nothing super spectacular in terms of flavor coming from the meat. The flavor of these tacos came from the kimchee and slaw more so than from the meat. With the special being 3 tacos for $5 i figured its not a bad offering. The return trip i made i picked up a bulkogi (beef) burrito for the $5 and i was more impressed with that as i think the addition of more meat and less filler product you were able to take the flavor of the meat more which was not bad at all but again nothing spectacular to tell mother about but it was better than the tacos in my opinion. I do like the fact that they offer you bottled water at no extra cost that was a very nice surprise, and the sliced orange after your meal was a nice touch as well. All in all for $5 meals its certainly a place i would go back to if i was in the area but i wouldnt go terribly out of my way to come back to.
awesome idea! i love all the options it presents. ive been here a few times, and its one of my favorites of vegas so far. most of the stuff ive tried has been good (sadly not everything though) i would advise staying more towards there mexican stuff since i havent had a bad mexican dish. (the asian dishes have been hit or miss). the chips at the beginning are worth the trip alone (there awesome!) will def be going back many more times.
I have had one 5 star visit here and one 1 star visit, so the average is 3 stars.. . First time was great!  Our waiter was a Bonanza High School student who was so charming and friendly.  He gave us some free guac because we told him it was our first time there.  I got the Fusion Burrito, which was surprisingly delicious, and my husband got the orange chicken.  The staff was really friendly and we talked with the owner about how she wants to open another location.. . I had been itching to go back since then and we went last night.  Now, they had just opened up again after being on Christmas vacation, so I don't know if that is why it was so crazy in there,  but our second experience wasn't as good.  It was very crowded at 8:00 on a Wednesday night. My husband wanted the orange chicken again, but they had taken it off the menu.  He was really disappointed by that.  I ordered the carne de puerco. Unfortunately, the meat was cold and the rice and beans looked like they were from a can.  The owner was the only one waiting tables this time, so she was super frazzled.. . I like this place and I like the lady who owns the restaurant, so I'll definitely be back, but my last visit definitely moved them down a few notches for me.
The food is really really good, and cheap. The only problem is now they have more business then they can handle. I've been twice one for lunch for work I had to take a 2 hour lunch because I waited an hour for my food, and we all got our food at different times. Second I brought my girl up there cause the food was so good and we had to wait 40 min just to get the food and the order was wrong and she didn't want to wait for it to be corrected. Very frustrating but both times what I ate was so so good.
I have been anticipating trying Komex for quite some time. I have tried to come on two separate occasions and have been disappointed that they were closed during my previous attempts.. . My fella and I were having a very busy day of errands and were in the area when our tummies started rumbling. "Finally," I think to myself. We are seated and I immediately let our server know that I have checked in through Yelp to redeem my check in offer of free wontons. YUM! The wontons and complimentary chips with salsa and guacamole were my favorite parts of the meal.. . My fella and I ordered the Bulgogi fries and a fusion burrito to share. My fella was really not feeling the food at all. He left feeling very disappointed. I found the food interesting but the concept not fully realized. The flavor profiles seem great together, but the execution was lacking the flavor I was hoping for. Their food seemed to lack flavor a little, almost bland. There were so many sauces and salsas to put on top of everything it didn't really help as much to round out the flavors as I would have hoped. The Korean meats were tasty but not the greatest quality or cut and it showed. Just too gristly. I know the price is right, but I'm not certain that the quantity over quality fared well today. I added Kimchi to my burrito for more flavor, it helped a bit, but something was still lacking. I like the Korean and Mexican fusion concept, but there was not enough of either to really give it a kick.. . I had high expectations of this place, maybe too high. I still want to give the place another try, since the menu was definitely interesting, well-priced and the service was excellent! I'm just not totally won over after my first visit.
food is good.service needs improvement. i think they are short staff. my boyfriend and i went last night around 6pm was seated right away. the lady i think might be the owner took our order after 5 minutes. we waited 15 more minutes for water and 10 more minutes for the salsa and chips. when the chip and salsa finally came i show the lady the special check in deal on yelp for the free wanton she said ok.  my boyfriend love their special sauce which he had to go up to the counter to asked for.they were so busy. we didn't get any type of service till the bill.at this point we still didn't get our free check in wanton but didn't want to wait any more.they usual give you  a orange and fortune cookies at the end of the meal. the lady apologized  they had just run out of orange and left us with ONE fortune cookie for the TWO of us. i was disappointed. overall, it's good food for the price. they give a large portion but for sure need improvement on their service.one more thing, i'm sensitive to MSG and  i think they do used MSG in their seasoning.
quantity greater than quality place. . . Pretty good, but I'm not sure if I will go out of my way just to come here again.
The Korean fusion thing has been getting a little out of hand. Since Kogi truck, korean-inspired foods have been popping up everywhere. I'm a little bit of a Korean-food purist--why mess with a good thing? But I can't complain (too much) about the grub they serve up at KoMex.. . FUSION TACOS: You have the option of beef, chicken, or pork. I sampled one of each in addition to a plain old shrimp taco. I added fried kimchi on one of them for an extra $1.. I won't ever do that again. Kimchi is good with a lot of things; just not on my tacos. The kimchi was a little too sour for my taste. The tacos without that extra Korean element were quite good though! The cabbage was crunchy, and itwas balanced with just the perfect amount of onion, cilantro, and darn good pico.. . VARIETY: This tiny restaurant has a huge menu. Korean Mexican food, Mexican food, American food, and Chinese. Now if they only made donuts... I want to say they're DTM. But the food here is good. I tried a little of everything; nothing great, nothing awful. The 'KoMex' gimmick isn't anything special. But if you're craving a cheeseburger with your KBBQ taco and taquitos, KoMex is a one stop shop.
This place is a not a place for large groups and I hate that because I like going with friends. There are booths and maybe 3 tables. The interior is nothing fancy.. . ::: PROS. Inexpensive food. Good-tasting fried rice. Decent amount of menu options. . ::: CONS. Spam in the musubi was sooo thin and tiny. No refills on drinks. Basically one server, so service was poor (missing utensils, dirty tables, etc.). Friend found a hair in their fried rice! : /. . They immediately replaced the fried rice (with the hair in it) by making a brand new one for them. And I get it, I know accidents happen. It still does not call for a pleasant experience though, right? Nonetheless, my friends thought the food was very good and mentioned it in the weeks following.. . I would go back here, but only with a few people. Hopefully my experience will be better...
its really just OK. not really worth the gas money to drive all the way out north for me. I had the tacos, nachos and fried rice. the ingredients are fresh for sure, but both the tacos and nachos looks better than they taste. something about the flavor just wasn't quite there. the fried rice was the winner out of the three, but i can easily get better fried rice in Chinatown, closer to where i live.
Overall the prices of this place was really reasonable with large portions. The food was good but not amazing. The server was a doll but the atmosphere of the restaurant seemed a little run down and dirty.. . I think the only reason I didn't love this place is because I had high expectations for this place! . . I can not get over how dirty this place looked. I ordered the lettuce wrapped with Bulgogi and again although an interesting concept, the food was not amazing.
I've never had korean mexican fusion before.  It's an interesting concept.  I had some burritos and nachos.  Food was decent. Service was ok.  Overall a 3.
One of the first things I must do as a new Las Vegas resident is to find the best burrito in town, and after visiting KoMex, unfortunately, I will have to continue the hunt.. . While the fusion quesadilla is one of the best I've had, the bulgogi burrito, while unique, lacks enough meat and is overstuffed with rice and veggies. Even with tampering with the ingredients, I still feel like it's missing something...
I'm going to be completely honest. I loved the food. I wish this place was located in my hood of Los Angeles!! Minus two stars for the absolutely abnoxious waitress. :)
decided to give this place a try since of all the reviews.  . . Nice staff.. .  But i just found this place just to be on a salty side. There is definitely some interesting combinations but nothing that I would re order again or come back for.
My family and i decided to try this place based on the rave reviews here on yelp. We fed a family of 4 for less than $40. That's the only real plus is the price. They do give you a lot of food too. The taste however was nothing to write home about.. . I had the spicy pork and beef bulgogi with rice. Although it was sorta good it tasted sorta dry. My wife had their beef fusion burrito and said it was the best she ever had. . . This is a good family place because a lot of adults brought their kids there and they were just running around. For the first time ever I told my kids if they want to play around at a restaurant they can. If you're the type of person that likes nice quiet romantic settings don't go here. It's a family (with kids) restaurant.. . 3 things that bother me:. (1) when you walk in, even though you can sit immediately at a table because it's a really small place, they have a stupid sign asking you to wait to be seated. I'm sorry but the atmosphere of this place doesn't scream high class si why are you pretending to be high class by making us wait???. . (2) They don't have fountain drinks. You have to order canned or bottled drinks and they charge a lot for them. Whatever savings you have from the food will be made up for with the cost of drinks. And it's not like you can get a free refill on drinks when they are canned/bottled. . (3) The best and most surprising thing about this place is that they make their own homemade nachos and they taste great. You'll instantly want more but they only brought 1 little small basket for all 4 of us to share. The basket is so small you'd think they should bring 1 for each person or at least give us a much bigger bowl of chips (enough to feed 4). . With all that being said I would recommend someone to try this place but if you have to drive more than 10 mins to get to it then it's not really worth it. We drove all the way from Henderson so it was like a 20-30 minute drive and I didn't think it was worth that.
I had a taco combo plate with a couple flavors. It was not great, and only ok.  Maybe there was so much hype and good yelp reviews, I expected a lot more. . . The restaurant also looks dumpy and dirty. It didn't help that we sat next to the bathroom. . . I would not come back only because it is a bit out of the way and not worth the drive.
Here' s the deal with this place, I've been here several times so I know I'm not full of shit. They are SLOOOOW and really disorganized. Don't go here lookin' to get in and out for your work lunch. It's not gonna happen.. That said, the food is pretty damn good. It's original for Las Vegas. Some hit and miss experiences but overall good.  To have this many reviews and maintain this high of a rating you gotta be doing something right. . . They just need to get their kitchen in order for how popular they are.
Great idea for Korea/Mexican fusion.  Korean burrito tastes great along with the korean tacos.  I gave them 3 stars because service is so-so.  I've been here multiple times and I am never impressed by the waitress/owners attitude.
Decent price. Quick service. Busy place, so it's difficult to find a table. food was interesting, I love Mexican and Korean, but together it's just not my cup of tea.  The food just seemed greasy albeit seasoned well. and NO scissors for the kimchi
It is such a far drive around 15 min from the LV strip to this place.  the wait is kind of long, but the wait for food is much longer.  I ordered to-go the bulgogi nachos and tacos.  It took around 30 minutes for the food to come out.  It is tasty but I would not drive this far for OKay tasting food.
drove to the hood today (washington and decatur)  to try komex. upon arriving i thought it was a fast food joint but realizing it was actually a sit down place. my first thought was this place is classy. Food i ordered and tried was bulgogi, chicken and pork tacos. my favorite was the bulgogi my least favorite was the pork. the flavor of the tacos were good just wished the tortilla was a little bigger. I also tried the bulgogi french fries. the fries were ok...its just basically soggy fries, cheese and bulgogi. and then korean sauce poured all over it. i definitely wouldnt get them again. i dont think id drive to komex unless i was close to it. if i did the only thing id order again is the tacos.
The food here is pretty decent with the fusion but it is super greasy. It would be perfect if you're hungover. Also just a note the portions are MASSIVE and you definitely get your money's worth.
Ok... now to rate this small quaint spot that I can do every now and then. I ordered the fried rice and it was pretty good. A little dry, but the flavor was good. Not my choice of dine-in as it's a little diner-ish to me. Lots of in and out loud traffic, loud tv right about booths. Waitresses a little not presentable. I would change that FAST. Appearance is Everything!. A few of the tables had been left dirty, another thing they need to work on. It made the place look shabby and dirty...uncared for.
Dear Komex,. . I expected to love you. I wanted to love you. I just knew I would love you. However, something somewhere just fell short for me. I LIKED you but definitely did not LOVE you.. . I had booked marked you as a place to visit many moons ago. So in the car on the drive over to your place of business I was like a little school girl on the first day of school - excited, nervous and anxious. . . We pulled up and saw the long line outside the door and the place inside packed. (This just reaffirmed to me, how much I was going to love you.) Despite the long lines and how packed it was,  we were seated within 15 minutes. . . The menu looked good. I didn't know what to get. I settled on a fusion calamari taco and a half order of bulgolgi nachos with a side of kimchi, bulgolgi fried rice and spam musubi.. . We munched on warm tortilla chips with two small containers of salsa and guacamole (courtesy of your restaurant) while we waited for our food. My nachos came out first and I thought they were going to be topped with the kimchi but they were not. Instead, I received my kimchi about 5 minutes later.. . Let's talk about your bulgolgi nachos for a bit. They LOOK good. However, upon dissection all it is a HUGE plate of chips with skimpy toppings. The toppings there do equate to good flavor and a yummy taste but the ratio of chips to meat and cheese is lacking. I was slightly pissed off because of the lack of bulgolgi on my nachos. It was like it was sprinkled on quickly as an after thought. If I am paying $6.00 for a half order of nachos, I expect just a little bit more. Why not layer your nachos so that you get yummy toppings throughout? Because after you eat the top layer, you are left with plain ole tortilla chips. How fun or good is that? Think about it, okay?. . Kim chi. Is it jarred? And why is it chopped up so little? And kimchi should have some spicy heatness to it. This kimchi lacked in serious flavor. I swear it is jarred and I am thinking you might be able to get more flavor profile if you make your own. Think about it, okay?. . The fusion calamari taco. It wasn't bad. I don't have much to pick on about it. I ate it all. However, I don't know what I expected in my head but fusion just made me think it would be so different. It was just two long pieces of deep fried calamari on a flour tortilla with some lettuce and toppings and fusion tartar sauce. I LIKED it, but didn't LOVE it.. . Bulgogi  Fried Rice. You win in portion amount. Hands down. It is big just like the nachos. But when the first word is Bulgolgi, I expect more bulgolgi. I should have caught on when the waitress kept correcting me and calling it beef. I just thought she was being rude and didn't like the way I was saying it. The flavor profile in this fried rice is decent. I am a self proclaimed fried rice snob and I can honestly say I didn't have to add anything to it to make it taste better. I just needed more meat. I would gladly receive a smaller portion to get a bulgolgi fried rice. Think about it okay?. . . Spam Musubi. Oh yeah. This was your saving grace, I bit into this sucker and it was like the angels started singing to me. But spam and nori, what is not to love?. . So Komex, what am I left with? Would I return? Yes. I did LIKE you. Will I rush back? No. You are bit too far and just need to make some improvements. . . Sincerely,. . Debra W.
This is a place I frequent on the regular. about once a month, we love the combo fried rice (beef and shrimp only). We get 2 beef lettuce wraps and 1 beef corn taco to share in addition, which leaves my boyfriend a good sized portion of rice to take to work. The food here in phenomenal, the only place we frequent more often is our sushi joint!. . On the other hand, one of the nice things about this small family business when it first opened was that they really appreciated the business, the service was really friendly. The last time I was there, the entire staff was incredibly rude, especially to guests placing to-go orders. One gentleman was seated at a table near us, and was asked to get up and go to the counter to order, the woman at the counter was also very rude to several other guests placing orders. On this trip, we were never asked how the food tasted, nor were we offered any condiments (I walked over and grabbed the sauces myself). . . Overall, the food here is really great, but the service has started to go down hill tremendously. When the staff treats customers like they aren't important, it makes me want to find a new place to go.
I enjoyed my meal here. The staff and owners are attentive and seem to care. The food was tasty and good. It deserves three stars. Areas that could be improved: overall flavors were good, not great, the ingredients did not wow me.. I liked it, might go back, and would suggest it at least once.
Came here because I had a craving for Mexican food.  I decided to try KoMex.. First off the customer service is excellent.  They are prompt and very friendly.   The meat used is also very lean, tender, and not fatty at all.    . The meat is marinated Korean style.  . . That being said it just didn't satisfy my Mexican craving.  . First off the rice was fluffy, bland  and not flavored as Mexican rice.  The beans also did not seem to have much flavor and was a bit on the dry side.  The chips and salsa they give you while you wait  though was excellent.   It was very fresh and tasty.  I just think I was expecting the fusion to be a lot more Mexican tasting.  . . Next time I think I'll will try the Korean side of this restaurant. since the prices here are great.
The wait staff is fantastic, and I really enjoyed my food. I had the Korean beef nachos (half order) and then 2 tacos (beef and chicken). The tacos were ok, but to be honest nothing spectacular. The nachos stole the show for me, and I enjoyed every aspect of them. They have the perfect combination of spicy, sweet, and crunchy. I will say that I bet a lot of people would want them spicier, but they were perfect for me.. . The one drawback seems to be their drink selection. I think that they should invest in a soda delivery system - this would make me raise my review by a star for sure.
The food is great, but it feels as if it's overly greasy. Nevertheless some quick tips!. . 1. Parking is pretty plentiful. It's in a small strip mall in a not so nice neighborhood.. . 2. The point of a restaurant like this is to try their fusion offerings, after all the name is Komex! Get a little less authentic on both sides and try the Fusion Burrito or a chimichanga.. . 3. The meats are pretty good quality and taste pretty good.. . 4. For those who don't tolerate greasy food, try sticking to the rice plates as opposed to the burritos or chimichangas or tacos.. . The food here is good, but some of the things that made it stand out for me as a poor experience was the atmosphere provided by the place. It's a fusion place so it's a little quirky to begin with, but the venue is so small it feels like you're a sardine a sardine can barely living it out. The other thing in regards to ambiance is that during the summer time, it gets incredibly hot and the only thing that Komex does to alleviate this for customers is to turn on the fans that they have. When my girlfriend and I went, we were sweating like two California piggies.. . Anyways, the meats and the overall presentation of the meal was nice. The burrito is big and so is the chimichanga. Looking over at other tables, the rice plates and the nachos are really decent for the price. The only complaint I have is the food feels a little heavy on the greasy side. Otherwise, the service was quick, polite, and friendly. Although I like this place, it isn't one of those places where I'm like, "MAN I've got to come back."
What.  Are Vegas Yelpers so used to crappy restaurants, this one seems terrific in comparison?  . . My H and I landed at North Las Vegas airport at about 2:00 PM and were real hungry and thirsty, so we Yelped something nearby. Wow 4.5 stars so we made a bee-line to KoMex. . . One thing that attracted us to KoMex was, a Yelper wrote that you get chips and salsa. Not so fast, turbo.  You get your chips AFTER you order. So if it takes them a while to take your order, too bad, you get to wait. . . After I ordered my Bulgogi Plate and Gary his Chimichanga, our chips and salsa arrived with tiny plastic cups of salsa and guacamole.  The chips are more like fried wonton. Fine, ok but no big deal. . . I ordered iced tea and Gary ordered a Diet Pepsi. My tea arrived with no offer of sweeteners.  I dug into mu purse stash of sweet n low. Gary's drink was in a bottle. Really?  No fountain?  Sigh. I hate that. Did you guys know that fountain formula is different from bottle?  Very different. Bottle is full of phosphoric acid. . . Our food was fine. My spicy pork Bulgogi was not unlike I've had in other Korean restaurants. Gary liked his chimichanga and ate it all, but he didn't do two huzzas and a backflip. . . I had to ask for refills. The place is a little grungy and painted a mint-bile green.  An employee sat behind the service area eating a cucumber like a banana. The benches are wood but their backs are upholstered. The floor is dirty. . . I'd go back but overall, I'd say KoMex is only OK.
I know I'm going to hear crap for only giving this place 3 stars. The food here is outstanding!!!! But service, that's a completely different story. Been here about 3 times and have had not so great service every single time. . First time, made the mistake of coming during lunch time. Wait was about 45 minutes but luckily I had nothing planned after and was looking forward to trying a new place. After almost an hour we finally had a table. And after 30 minutes, finally got our food. It was very busy so I understand the wait. Second time, I called in my order since I only had 30 minutes for lunch. Said it would be ready in 20. Got there, still had to wait 20 minutes for my food. The order had not even been started yet. Third visit, came here today with my boss. Came around 1:30 after the lunch rush. They weren't very busy but we felt like they were rushing us to get out. There wasn't even anyone waiting for a table. So yeah, long story short...service is lacking. They have picked up on hiring extra staff which is good. . On the other hand, food is amazing!!!! The bulgogi burrito is my #1 choice. The mix of Korean and Mexican flavors all rolled into one is mind blowing!!! This is probably what unicorns eat since it's super amazing. If you're feeling like a health nut, they offer the same taste in a lettuce taco. Not really healthy if you eat 4 of them though. The portions are huge and the price is affordable! Since I'm close by, I will be back.
It wasn't terrible, just not what I expected for all the hype..... . Tried the nachos, enchiladas, fusion tacos and fusion burrito-it was just a-ok! Prices are indeed very reasonable. I will have to go back sometimes and try something else. Just didn't find anything to brag about.
If my boyfriend actually wrote the review, he'd give this place a 4/5 stars. I enjoyed it, but do I personally think its awesome? Meh...just didn't suit my tastes. It's good, but not stupendous. Will I go again? Sure, if my boyfriend wants to go the next time we're in vegas,, but I won't be going by myself.. .  Pros: cheap good food, big portions, lotsa food
Okay, before my boyfriend and I went to KoMex, I was really excited and we really wanted to give this place a 5 star.  After trying this place out myself to see what the hype was all about, after all it's only like the most highly rated place on Yelp.. . We ordered 2 beef (bulgogi) tacos, 2 pork belly tacos, 2 chicken tacos, and shared KimChi fried rice with bulgogi.  The beef tacos were good, but honestly carne asada tacos from like Pepe's are much better and the same cost.  Ranking it as bulgogi, is rather unsatisfying as well since it lacked well marinated flavors that I usually taste with bulgogi.  The pork belly tacos were the most delicious tacos that we had, it was slightly spicy but not over bearing, I have absolutely no complaints.  At the same time, they were not delicious enough for me to merit higher ratings.  The chicken tacos were tasteless, DON'T ORDER.  The KimChi fried rice with bulgogi was served with a fried egg on top, the presentation was great!  The rice itself was alright at best, the kimchi part, was not spicy, it just tasted like it lacked something.  Kimchi that I buy generically in the asian grocery store has more kick.  So we did add quite a bit of garlic chili to it to make me taste better.  I'm not really too sure if they subdued the taste down to white people spicy to make it more palatable since I saw on the menu that they were trying to franchise.  My advice is just stay true to the recipes.. . The service is excellent, I'm pretty sure it was family run.  They were super nice and attentive, and if I could rate it based on service alone then I would give them a four star review.. . The ambiance, is really shatty.  I would not be caught dead in that area after the sunsets.  The interior of the restaurant looks like it needs a face lift, and some deep cleaning.  . . Overall, it was alright at best.  I would probably never come back, or go out of my way to eat there though.  So unless you are already in the vicinity don't bother driving out of your way.
Out of Beef today at noon. I owned and operated a restaurant for 7 years. We made hundreds of pizza's a day. I ran out of cheese once....at 10:30pm....on our busiest night....ever. No beef, so I ordered the Bulgogi pork belly taco which was very tasty and fresh. Additionally, I ordered the Fusion Quesadilla w/chicken as recommended by the server. It was good but nothing real special. I think I need to go back when they have some beef, otherwise I have a hard time understanding the lofty rankings. Additionally, while the price was right the service was a bit clipped, even for a busy lunch and the buser refilling the drinks and setting the tables really didn't seem like he wanted to be there. To be clear, this would be a great spot to have in ones neighborhood, but if it's in your neighborhood, you don't need Yelp to find it. So if you're at the Cosmopolitan and thinking about getting your car out of valet or grabbing a cab up to Komex....think twice.
KoMex' fusion dishes are a little bit of a head scratcher. From what we ordered, they seemed largely like Mexican dishes with very little Korean going on outside Kimchi. The food was all solid, with the pork belly and fish tacos being the two standouts, but I was expecting more fusion and creativity going on. KoMex is very good quick (Don't call it fast!) food at cheap prices, in a bare bones setting, and a friendly staff.
The bulgogi fries and my fusion burrito were very good.  My only comment about the food was that the burrito was a bit on the dry side even with the addition of Kimchee  to the order.  The service was on point and there was no wait.  I can't wait to go back and try a nice taco / nacho combo.
I don't think I'm going crazy. But KoMex was just...ok?! For the longest time this place was THE #1 place to go to on yelp. My gf and I decided to make the trip out there because we have been on a taco bender for weeks. Plus, Korean and Mexican food fusion...I was convinced that I would like this place no matter what.. . Welp...Although the service was top notch.  The food was very underwhelming.. . I tried the Steak, chicken and pork komex tacos along with a big heaping plate of kimchi fried rice.. . Chicken Taco - Lots of meat but I felt like I was only eating texture and sauces. Nothing at all stood out.. . Steak Taco - I enjoyed eating these but compared to all the other taco shops I've been eating, this is one of the weakest steak tacos I've had during this run. I can't put my finger on it, but something was missing.. . Pork Taco - Pretty good taco, everything was tasteful and I have no real complaints. Heck, if you stop by, I would definitely get one of these.. . As for the Kimchi rice - I don't really know...it's a mindfuck to try to figure out why it was  subpar. No matter the amount of spices and sauces I would try to add, nothing brought out any real flavor.. . I don't know if everyone is suffering from groupthink or if I'm becoming a pseudo-hipsteresque "I go to great places before they were cool even though I never talked about it until after the fact" nerd, but there are many other places better than this. . . I don't think I'll go out of my way to try this place again. But I wish I had a $500 shirt for them to spill water so I can yell, "HOW DARE YOU SPILL WATER ON THE ROCK's $500 SHIRT? so everyone can know how hypothetically important I am.. . #iloweredyourIQby50
Cheap, Korean/Mexican fusion eats..... . Small, hole in the wall, no frills joint located in a small strip mall about 10 minutes west of the northern part of the strip (parking is kinda limited).   I love places like this because it means the food will probably be awesome.  Expect a wait sinceit is a popular place.  While the hubs and I didn't walk away from here all amazed we were full and it did the job.  Service was ok, since the place was full it took awhile for our server to take our order and he didn't check on us after he did.  But we did get our food quickly.. . Complimentary chips and guac- good. . Bulgogi fries - fries were think and crispy, yum but bulgogi not that flavorful. . Fusion burrito with bulgogi- a-ok.  I've had better from the food trucks here in Cali.  Again, bulgogi not that flavorful.. . Overall, good place to check out if your'e in the area, I looked around at other people's dishes and they looked good.  But I prob wouldn't make the drive all the way here again next time I'm in sin city.
Linda, you need to fire Kenny what a horrible attitude. First I came in and noticed the sign mentioning you are not fast food. Which I have understood for years, Kenny commented how people still complain and they need to learn to call in their order and stop complaining. Then I brought my order home, calling it in about an hour before picking it up.  I had ordered the bulgogi rolls, usually 6 per order, kenny had never heard of them and had to ask the kitchen about them.  When I checked the order at home there were only 4 rolls and I had made a double order.  When I called Kenny got an attitude with me stating they don't really make them anymore and they won't again because you have franchised out.  He messed up another part of the order and really didn't care.  After eating here since you opened I hope your service doesn't go down hill just because you are opening another place....be careful.
I tried this place and got caught up in the hype of the whole fusion thing. After the novelty wears off I realized how good Mexican food and Korean food is just by themselves.  Bring these together is just a good idea on paper. Let's put it this way the place is busy busy but no Mexican and no Korean customers. If you think kimchi is the only thing Korean food has to offer go to a bone fide eatery. It doesn't take a genius to replace ground beef in Mexican dishes with bulgogi and voila...fusion. Shortly they do both cuisines rather mediocre so the combination falls short of any greatness. The only saving grace is they give you a lot of food. If you're smart you'll catch on quick to the "just add kimchi" trick to every dish the owners had in mind. They have Mexican food in the back part of the menu as if an afterthought.  Go yelp Thai or Pho restaurants in the area If you have a craving for Asian food.  Want good authentic Mexican cuisine look elsewhere. If you just want to be curious and say you've been here then its your time and money to lose. Synergy has not been achieved. Experiment failed!
I'm torn. I had high expectations for obvious reasons - rave reviews and an average of 4.5 stars - and who doesn't appreciate a good fusion menu? I want to believe that those expectations caused my less-than-awesome experience, but nevertheless, I wasn't impressed.. . My friend (who is a big fan) and I shared a half order of Bulgogi Nachos, Fusion Flautas, Fusion Tamal with Bulgogi, and full order of Kimchee Fried Rice with Pork. I've heard the buzz around these fusion nachos, so I was most excited to try them. The Bulgogi: tasty, but a rather sweet marinade; nothing spectacular as Korean marinated beef goes. The chips were okay. I like that they're housemade, but our batch lacked the crunch it needed. The pico de gallo was fresh and delicious. I thought the use of Gochujang (Korean red pepper paste) as a sauce was a nice touch. Overall, just a shrug. I could do without it. I liked the crunch achieved on the fresh tortilla on the Flautas, but again, no sparks. The guacamole and gochujang sauce was interesting! The Tamal was dry and surprisingly flavorless (my friend agreed). Lastly, the Kimchee Fried Rice was flavorful and spicy! Neither of us really cared for it, but I won't deny that it was good. . . When you don't like something that is extremely popular, you find yourself having to explain your reasoning in great detail. The food is okay, borderline good. I may have enjoyed it more without the high expectations of these dishes being "amazing." It's certainly not better or superior to their Mexican counterparts (I would choose carne asada nachos over bulgogi nachos every time) and as Korean cuisine, it lacks. The good stuff? The portions are generous and the price is right! I am willing to give the place another whirl though. Who doesn't believe in second chances?
This is an update to my previous post. . . The food is still great but man was I pissed when I took a bite of my chimichanga and was a toothpick in it. It poked me so hard into the roof of my mouth! Beware of the chimichanga! They really need to check peoples food before serving them.. . There was no way to see it because was on the side of the burrito and it was covered in there cabbage garnish.
KoMex is 0/2 for me, so far. . . First visit, I wanted to try their bulgogi and experimented with the Philly Cheese Steak with bulgogi. It looked amazing! It tasted pretty dang good. My problem was, I ordered a sandwich, because I wanted to eat quickly and without hassle. I had to eat the sandwich with a knife and fork - as soon as I unwrapped the sandwich, the entire thing exploded on my plate.. . Second visit, I went for a burrito, again, I wanted something quick and easy to eat, what's easier to eat than a friggin burrito? Again, as soon as I unwrapped the burrito, the thing exploded, it had a rip length-wise down the burrito. Back to the knife and fork for a second time.. . Flavor-wise, food quality, and service are all great there. I just really, really would like to eat my meal as intended. I get frustrated with pain in the ass food (I get hungry mid-meal, so the faster I can eat food, the better), hence the reason I order what should be quick to eat.Having to just empty food onto a plate and pick at it defeats the purpose of ordering certain items.. . One more try, then I give up.
This place was pretty good and friendly service. I had the chow fettecini while my wife had the quesadilla w/ bulogi...and we split a 1/2 nachos lol. We were hungry :) Bathroom needs to kept up though. Still overall good experience from California visitors :)
Tried KoMex a few weeks ago since my friend, who resides in North Las Vegas was raving about it.  I went with the Korean Kogi tacos, which seemed like a popular hit.  . . They were alright.  I don't want to say they were extremely tasty and at the same time say anything bad.  I wish I could try some of their other items since they offer a variety of different fusion type foods.  . . Place is really busy though.  Try to come at an off time if you can't stand waits.
I had a good experience here when I took my mom to lunch. So this is a sit down place! They emphasize that they are not fast food. . . This is fusion Mexican and Korean food. Great concept! This is what I'd consider a whole in the wall.. . They brought out complimentary chips with salsa and guac. Small serving but complimentary so not a complaint at all. Just a note.. . We shared kimchi fried rice and a bulgogi fusion burrito. The kimchi fried rice was good! We got a full serving for $10 I think? And we added an egg on top which was extra. It was full of kimchi flavor, it was saucy, and the egg on top was delicious. We had it with beef as the meat of choice.. . The burrito was kind of small for the price and wasn't anything special. I don't know if I ordered wrong and just got a regular beef burrito but the flavor of bulgogi wasn't present to me. It tasted like they used fresh ingredients but it really lacked in flavor. It wasn't bad but I just was expecting a lot more flavor. There was nothing that made it "fusion" except the meat but that didn't really work out for me. . . Overall I'd give this place a 3 or 3.5 based off of this experience. . . Some suggestions would be to change their service. They don't do the whole server and sit down thing well and would probably benefit to just do a Roberto's type of ordering thing. Otherwise they should have a real service. Like get a host stand would be step one. I don't want to go into detail but I just think this would really help. Or maybe a number system. . . Also maybe it was just me but they should marinade their bulgogi more. . . The Kim chi fried rice is really good though. They don't shy away from the Kim chi flavor and that's a good thing. My mom hates eating other Asian foods that aren't Thai and she actually raved about this. The fried rice was the saving grace. . . The young woman working was nice and I'd totally go back to try other things and give them another chance.
