There were both high and low points to this meal.  I think my husband and I have decided Tom may have to pack his knives and go.  The food was good, but when you consider the price for the food you're getting it definitely wasn't worth it.  And considering the dent in our wallet, we both felt it was definitely lacking.  We both did the dinner menu based around the type of meat you choose.  We had the kobe, which may have been better if we weren't so incredibly stuffed from the appetizers.  Highlights were the kobe beef tartare, the frisee salad and the cucumber salad.  Don't bother with the prawns, they weren't very tasty.  The kobe was good, but once again I don't think we cared much considering how full we were.  The sides with the meat were meh - pomme puree (crappy next to Joel Robouchon), wild mushrooms and grilled brussel sprouts.  Honestly, i can't even recall what we ate for dessert so it couldn't have been that spectacular.  Do yourself a favor, save your money and eat elsewhere.
Not bad. Not amazing. . . My steak came out cold. Had to send back.... . Service was great
I have really been to better steakhouses in Vegas.  This is rated really well and they have several steaks that price over $300.00. We found the service to be nice although not too attentive.  The food is all ala'carte and expensive.  The best part was the freshly baked chocolate souffle.
Ok, as a Top Chef fan, I wasn't going to not stop by Tom's place while in LV!. . Let me preface by saying I read all the reviews on here before I went...so this is why the first thing I immediately ordered was the Lobster Bisque as my First Course.. . While delicious, the serving of bisque is ENORMOUS, and soooo rich.  I should have stopped about 1/2 way through, but because of the intoxicating flavor I couldn't.  While I sipped my wine waiting for the meat course, and anxiously awaiting the yummy tenderness of the Waygu Skirt Steak...I felt my tummy start to turn.  Then, I felt it start to do flip-flops.  Uh-oh, the creamed soup had reared its ugly head.. . I ate about 5 slices of the yummy steak and about 2 forkfulls of the creamy yukon gold potatoes before I just couldn't eat another bite.  I was officially sick to my stomach.  I took a couple trips to the restroom, but just couldn't shake it.. . We left without dessert (WAH!) and spent the rest of the night in our hotel room regretting the bisque. And paying $250 for a dinner we could barely eat. . .  I'm sure it would have been great if I just hadn't eaten that bisque.
I brought my brother here for his going away dinner. Both of us are fans of Top Chef and wanted to see what Craftsteak was like. . . We both ordered three courses each, all different so we could taste as much as possible. We ended up with way more than we could eat. Leftovers! We got the beet salad, lobster bisque, braised short ribs, wyagu beef, seasonal mushrooms,  and the fresh corn. . . All in all it was a good experience. The service was excellent and the decor was nice. I will say that all the food was very, very salty. If it was less salty, I probably could've eaten a lot more. Other than the salt issue, the food was good. I would recommend the beet salad and the braised short ribs. Those two were delicious. . . Pretty pricey, but worth it if you want to go out for a nice dinner. It's also a family-style restaurant. BTW, it says that it's a dressy place, but you don't really need to dress up. I saw plenty of tourists walk in with cargo shorts and Hawaiian shirts on. So don't sweat that. . . They also have a very extensive liquor and wine list.
My first time to this place was back in January 2011 after it was recommended by a friend. This place is not cheap by any means between myself and two others, the bill came to about $400. But my issue isn't so much with the money as it is the quality and value I expected to get for that price.. . I went on the cheaper side by getting a Surf and Turf for $65. It wasn't great and it wasn't bad either. I thought the lobster was actually better than the steak. My friend ordered the Surf and Turf as well and he shared the same opinion: it was just OK. The bottom line is: It wasn't worth $400.. . Afterwards, I shared my disappointment with the friend who recommended this place to me. He said Surf and Turf wasn't the way to go and I should've ordered the Wagyu beef or filet. So a couple of days ago, I gave it another shot.. . We went with a group of 12 people. The waiter highly recommended the chef special where you can get three courses but at least two people have to order it. I asked what the difference was between the beef in the Surf and Turf and the one in the special. He said the Surf and Turf was a grade 6 (it was 6 or 7) and the special was a grade 9. So I decided to join two others and placed the order.. . We got three different cuts of Wagyu beef with this combo. There was filet mignon, new york, and ribeye. We asked for medium rare but all three cuts came out as medium. It was pink in the center but all three of us felt that it was overdone. When we compared all three with our friends who ordered just the standalone filet, theirs was actually done just right. Somehow, medium rare for the standalone was better and done correctly but the more expensive one was not. Go figure.. . To say the least, the waiter was nice about it and gave good service throughout the entire time. He took back all three cuts and asked the kitchen to give us new ones. That took about 10 to 15 mins. Once the food came, it came out just the way we asked and expected...medium rare. It was tender and very pink for all three cuts.. . None of us were able to finish all the beef. I think part of the reason was that it was too rich. The amount of oil from the serving dish was pretty thick. We had asparagus, mushroom risotto, and baby spinach as sides so they contributed to the feast.. . Here's my bottom line. I gave this place second try and it didn't really make me feel any better. I spent quite a bit more this time...$175 for my meal and the overall experience was just barely OK. I'd never come back here again because I don't feel like it's worth my money. I can easily go to a different steakhouse for $100 in Vegas to get a better value.
This was a disappointment.  I expected to have excellent food and at least one dish that would be better than I had experienced anywhere else.  That didn't happen.  The food was good, not great.  Nothing stood out, although the service was pretty good and the ambiance was very nice.  I'm not even tempted to try it again.
I wasn't that hungry and had the petite steak and scallops. It was good but I definitely wouldn't say this was the best steak I've ever had. The service was OK as well. . . I definitely didn't like the seating area. They sat us at a table between the windows and the bar, so I'm not sure what the rest of the dining area looks like. I guess it's nice if you don't want to sit in a traditional steakhouse? It didn't feel like fine dining, it felt like a bar that happened to serve a good steak.. . Come here if you want a good steak and you want to watch some tv. Don't come here if you're expecting some kind of fine dining experience.
I think this is just an average steakhouse and i was disappointed after I read all the good things from yelp. I had a filet mignon and it actuallyi tasteless. it was a little dry which i ordered a medium rare. The side dishes of mushroom was very dry. The spinach was average. There is nothing special about the steak which I am a steak lover. The price is too expensive for the quality. May be they are famous for certain type of steak
After the Crafsteak in Atlanta closed due to complications with The Mansion negotiations, I was ready to dive in Sin City's version. I'm sad to report that I was satisfied with only a few of the myriad offerings. Below are the items I sampled as part of our tasting. We were a table of 16 and still managed to get quick and friendly service. A few of us even threw our waiter for a loop by requesting seafood as opposed to the meat options. I still tested out the meat options but can tell you that the scallops, the caprese salad, the braised short ribs and the prosciutto Di Parma along with my wine were may favorite among all of the fair I sampled. . . Bailey's and cafe au lait- Perfect ending to my meal. pineapple upside down martini- Not very good at all and overly sweet. . Prosciutto Di Parma with pears and toasted hazelnuts- Very good. Italian buffalo mozzarella with roasted red peppers- most excellent. Potatoes au gratin- very heavy. Asparagus- Very fresh and cooked well. Mushroom melange- I'm not a mushroom fan, so I have no comment.. Braised short ribs- Very tasty . Diver sea scallops- Cooked perfectly and delicious. Prime angus flat iron steak- ok. Filet mignon- alright. Homemade ice cream and sorbets- Most of these were off flavors and less than appealing. . Vanilla bean cheesecake- decent. Cinnamon monkey bread- pretty good but an odd item to have on the menu
Barely good enough for the money you will spend.  The wine list is overwhelming and the menu is full of pretentious dishes that fall short of expectations.. . The food here is definitely good, but you can get a comparable or better meal at a place like Tender or Brand.. . Their dessert menu is probably the best thing they got going.
A girlfriend and I dined here for the first time when we were here for the Great Urban Race Nationals. We shared a wonderful bottle of wine and the short ribs and got a couple of sides. Everything was perfectly delicious. I loved it so much that I bribed my husband to take me here for my 30th birthday. Once again I was no disappointed. I give the food 5 stars as I cannot imagine how that could get any better. . . I give the seating 2 stars. The first time I was here I had booked reservations over a month away. Our table was right next to the bar in the front area. It wouldn't be too bad except there was a large party waiting at the bar for their table. We literally had butts 6 inches away from our faces for most of our dinner. When we asked the manager if anything could be done she apologized, but didn't ask them to move, offer us another table, or any sort of comp whatsoever (another glass of wine might not have made me care so much). It was seriously ridiculous. When I returned with my husband we were in the main dinning area. There was a conference in town so it was busy and loud, not quite the romantic setting that a steakhouse of this caliber and price should and could be. The dining area is large enough that you could easily split it up into larger groups that are naturally going to be loud and smaller groups that want a quieter dinner. . . Luckily your food was so amazing because the seating thing really got under my skin and I'm not sure if I'll be back because of it.
Good, not great. Novel to eat at a celebrity chef's restaurant, but I had to send my steak back. Mid-rare came out med-well. Sides were good. Gorgeous restaurant, but not as memorable as, say, Alexander's Steak House from a food standpoint. Where was Padma Lakshmi.....
Decent steak. Didn't find it outstanding
Sorry to say this was just ok.. I had surf and turf and my lobster was overcooked and chalky.  The filet was amazingly tender but actually a bit tasteless.  My husband did enjoy his ribeye very much.. I thought that the sides were kind of dull and lacked the creativity that I had hoped for.. The restaurant was beautiful and the staff attentive, but I did feel like they were pushing the salesmanship a bit, over recommending things to up the bill.  I don't mind this, but they were just a little over the top and it really felt trained an somewhat fake. . This was our least favorite meal during our stay in Vegas and the most expensive.  With a couple of apps and two sides with one glass of wine for me our bill came to 379 with tip without dessert.  We also did not order Kolbi, this was regular dry aged steak.   It was an anniversary gift from family and I was sorry I didn't enjoy it more. . It really wasn't worth it flavor wise.  I've had much better food at lesser priced steakhouses.
pretentious, is how I felt they seemed.  I asked about the salt on the bread rolls(which were great), and it was a salt I liked, I asked to have some for my steak, the waiter told me the reason there was no salt or pepper on the table is the food is already seasoned to perfection.  PLEASE, your taste and my taste are not the same.  I asked about sauce and got the same answer,  I ordered souffle for dessert and it was very dry and the waiter, didnt ask me if I wanted him to pour my sauce on it.  The ice cream that can with it, was awful.  I wont be back.
Taste: 3. Value:4. Cleanliness: 5. Atmosphere: 3. Wait time:1. Overall:4. 1 being the worst, and 5 being the best. . . I had the Braised short ribs,. they were mouth watering and so tender it fell off the bone in my pot/dish before I could even pick it up.. . I tried other peoples foods and they weren't as good as mine, so my sore is based off on all of the foods I tryed. but if it was just off mine it would be a 5 for taste.. . I went with a group of friends and the wait time was garbage. From the time that we ordered about 6:15. we didnt see any of our foods until 730. I dont see how that made any sense. we asked for the food to come as it was ready, and I am sure it wasn't just because they waited before the food all didnt come at the same time.. . I try some of the other peoples steak and they were really tender, one of my friends had to send it back, but once it came back the texture was great, but the flavor was a bit lacking. Dinner ended up being about a 100 each for a place, shared sides and one drink.. . . The ambiance was a nicer setting but not a service like sage, and a little bit too dim/dull for my likings, I almost wish It was either a full service restaurant or mroe of a fun party place, since well it is vegas.. . I think the fact our food took so long took away from he experience, after a long day of work we all just wanted to play,. . I would come back if a group wanted to go again but doesn't exactly scream for me to come in and eat.....
*Sigh*. I had high expectations of the food here but was disappointed. The atmosphere was good, the service was excellent, the sommelier knew his wines, but the food was only OK. I can cook up a better steak that this, and I can definitely whip up some better scalloped potatoes. At least the wine was really good.
I honestly don't know what to make of CraftSteak. I'm a huge Top Chef fan and CraftSteak was the first reservation I made when I decided to go to Vegas. First of all can I just say how creepy it is to stare directly at a painting of a cow with the words "Sirloin" written on it while I'm eating a steak. I'm not by any means vegetarian but I'm not going to go eat my fried chicken next to the chicken coop. Im sure most people appreciate the ironic art but I wasn't a fan. The old-school lights were neat. That's about it. . . Husband got the raw oysters, he thought they were great. I had the lobster bisque. It was just okay and the licorice herb on top might have been more complimentary if it was chopped finer. I got a big mouthful and it ruined the rest of the soup for me. The husband had to finish it. I will say, the steak was hands down the best steak I've ever had. If I remember correctly it was an aged T-Bone. I usually like my steaks seared with a nice crust but this just melted in my mouth and the drippings in the bottom of the pan made my eyes roll back in my head. We ordered the mixed mushrooms and the zucchini as sides and neither were impressive. The chocolate souffle with caramel and hazelnut ice cream was worth every penny. . . The service was odd. Apparently we had two waiters but I never saw the second except for at the beginning and when we were leaving and some of our food was delivered by a random third person. Our main waiter was super nice but I have a hard time with accents in loud restaurants and couldn't understand what he was saying half the time and then when I asked him what the licorice-y herb was that was on my soup and the steak, he told me it was rosemary. I really don't think it was. . . So three stars... IF I ever went again I'd probably just order a steak and dessert and leave happy.
The dinner was good but there are a few blemishes which knocked them down to average. For an expensive steakhouse like this, I expect good service and everything to be cooked to perfection.. . We were promptly seated. I was drinking a house Pinot Noir which I started at the bar - $17/glass for Meomi which is a screw top bottle which can be purchased for $17/bottle outside of the restaurant. It was tasty, just surprising that they charge premium prices for a low end wine which doesn't even have a cork!. . Starters - I had the heirloom tomato salad which was divine, though it was drenched pretty heavily with olive oil. I scraped most of the oil off the tomatoes and thoroughly enjoyed the dish.  My companion had the cucumber spinach salad which he said was average - nothing special.  The bread was very good and tasted fresh baked out of the oven.. . Entrees - I had the filet mignon which was good, but surprisingly not stellar. I like my steaks to have a nicely seared outside with a medium rare center. The sear was not as good as I have had at other steak houses - but then I'm from Texas and we know how to do steaks right here. My companion had the salmon which he said was incredibly average. He regretted not ordering the steak.. . Sides - All sides were served family-style with large portions for everyone to get their fill. The brussel sprouts were yummy and the risotto was fabulous. In fact, the risotto was the best thing we had. We also ordered the Hen of the Woods mushroom sides since neither of us had tried it before. I enjoyed it but my companion thought the taste was a little strong - I believe the preparation was done well, it was just personal preference. I wish I had tried the mushroom sampler instead but hindsight...  . . Service - After appetizer plates were picked up, the new plates which were sat on the table for us were dirty - they actually had dried food on them!!!  We finally flagged the server and let him know and got new plates. I also sat for some time with an empty wine glass until we could flag our waiter.  Towards the end of the meal, our waiter just disappeared and then we were being served by another waiter who offered us dessert (we didn't have time or tummy room) and eventually brought us our check. I thought maybe our waiter left or something but I saw him waiting on other tables. Weird. Maybe he was embarrassed about the dirty plate thing? We weren't mean or anything, so I don't know.. . So the meal was good, it just wasn't stellar and I don't think the food and service merit the hefty price tag. I don't mind paying for a good steak dinner, I just want to make sure I get value for what I'm paying. I don't think this restaurant *quite* cuts it, though the meal was tasty overall.
For an upscale steak house I was expecting a bit better. . It was still overall good, and I would come back again. Will order from the 3 course menu next time.. I had the Waygu steak, it was definately tasty but I somehow expected something more.. Steaks were not all cooked to perfection and the bill had some extra charges.. . The lobster bisque was ok. Go to the Capital grille if you want great lobster bisque.. Sides were very good. Had the mash and fries. Service was nice and friendly.. . Food 4. Value 3. Service 4. . I prefer the Capital Grille.
You know that scene in Ratatouille when the food critic receives his dish and the first bite brings him back to his childhood? I wanted Craftsteak to be like that.. . The steaks were definitely delish. Mastros is more impressive though, being served on a sizzling platter.. . Sides were mehhh.
Last year, I experienced Craft Steak for the first time and was blown away.  For months, friends had to bear with me as I repeatedly bragged that my meal there was the best dinner of my life.  I wasn't exaggerating either, as everything from my pineapple upside-down martini, to the pretzel bread with dipping mustards was unbelievably delicious.  As far as my steak was concerned, I honestly had never enjoyed the act of chewing meat as much as I did at Craft Steak, last December.. . Finally back in Vegas, it's not surprising that the first restaurant I visited was Craft Steak.  Like a druggie trying to recapture that first high, I hoped for that same magic once again.  Well?. . Don't get me wrong, Craft Steak is a top notch restaurant, but even a great spot can have an off night.  Unfortunately, the off night happened to be the night I had looked so forward to. What happened?. . When tonight's steak arrived, I noticed something was wrong from the start as it was a bit tough and took more effort to cut than one would hope for from a $50 piece of meat.  Not only that, but that first chew revealed the steak to be cold.  Sadly, and embarrassingly, I had to send it back.. . When I let my server know the situation, she was very willing to accommodate me by having a second steak prepared, but, in the interim, the potatoes and spinach we ordered as sides just sat, as they too,waited.  . . Finally, my replacement steak arrived, but by that point, my companion had already finished her entree, AND our side dishes had become cold, so basically, I paid $200 to NOT receive a warm plate of food, nor the opportunity to dine with my wife.. . Don't get me wrong; I have nothing but respect for Tom Colicchio and I know Craft Steak is a fine restaurant, but tonight I merely ate, when I wanted to dine.
We just did a guys weekend here this past weekend and decided to eat here for our final dinner.  The food was great.  I started off the with Lobster Bisque and had a filet mignon.  Bisque was really good.  We all shared the sauteed spinach, potato pure, au gratin potatoes and the maui onions.  The au gratin potatoes and maui onions were amazing.  Definitely try those.  One buddy got the Australian Wagyu Skirt Steak which he all let us try.  It was ridiculous don't get me wrong... but will cost you $170 bucks for 8 oz.  It is Vegas but the prices are high but not necessarily unjustified.  The reason it is 3 stars is the service was all over the place.  It took us 1.5 hours to get our steak which they did apologize for but still.  Our waiter was corky as hell, could barely be heard and tried making jokes that made zero sense.  He made the experience awkward when he was around but we just dismissed it for him being kookie.  The food is worth it we just had really long and weird service.
I tried very hard to love this place.  In the end, it was maybe a 3.5 for me.. . The overall dining experience and quality of food was great.  But being a steakhouse, first and foremost, I feel my steak didn't wow me.  My New York wasn't seared very much and the presentation made it feel like it was just a massive side dish.  Seasoning could've been better and it just ended up a chore to eat.  Also, I've never really been a fan of a high-end steakhouse slicing your steak for you.  It gets cold too fast and deprives me of the exercise.  ;). . A bit disappointed with the steak here, Tom Colicchio!. . Here's what *did* work for me @ Craftsteak:. -Daily oysters.  Fresh, GREAT horseradish and thank you for letting us order less than a dozen!  I'm usually the only one that likes raw oysters in my party, so doing a dozen would be like a full meal for me.  Most places won't even consider doing a half dozen.  Kudos!. -Seared scallops. -mushroom and prosciutto risotto - i did WORK on this side.. -brussle sprouts w/ bacon(!!). -the free bread.  they look like those hawaiian sweet rolls you get from lucky's but they were surprisingly good.  Warm and toasted with a bit of salt on top to counter the sweetness of the bread.  nice.. -my long island iced tea was solid.  actually both of them were.... . In conclusion, the overall dining experience here will bring me back.  Unfortunately, I won't be having another steak here for a while.  I will, however, check out the famous braised short rib next time.
Nice place, the appitizers were good. The steak was so... so... the reason it was so... so... was because I was here for a bachelor party and we had a set menu. I probably will come again to order a better quality steak, because the appetizers and the side orders were good. The ambiance and service was good.
Just another steak restaurant. Same "sides" to share, same salads, etc etc etc. The food was fine, the staff was nice, and the atmosphere was modern and fun. Not a place to go if you are on a budget.
Liked it over all. the mash potatoes are incredible and the steak is of course very good! Overall its a good steakhouse but nothing too amazing!
Food was awesome! Very delicious and great portion. But we were disappointed with the service. It was my first time there And second time for my boyfriend. It was our anniversary dinner and they did not even do anything to make it special. For the price you pay, there should be something like a small dessert maybe (just like what other nice and expesive restaurant normally do like mastro's, ruth's chri, etc). My bf mentioned that service sucks because after eating, they don't even. Ask or offer if you would to box your food. They just take it.  . . To sum it all up, food was great but service.... Blah!
this could have been one of the best dinners i have ever had, though just my luck, talk about matters turning for the worst. . started off with a couple of don julio/anejo margis at the bar; excellent!!! bartender  was also very nice/professional. my gal and i were seated and we started off with their seafood sampler which was the absolute bomb. i think it was around $52.00 though it was worth every dime. real generous servings of king crab, lobster, 4 oysters, 2 large prawns, caviar, and etc. all the seafood is chilled.  anyhow yummy it was. as for our main course my gal ordered the rib eye, and for myself i ordered the filet mignon. we also ordered gratan potatoes & spinach for side dishes. o.k. here is where things started going south. when our steaks came out in these metal skillet type dishes, and we started digging into our steaks, i can honestly say that our steaks were both at room temp. not even warm. just to give tom colicchio some credit, i will say our steaks were barely warm. i looked over at my date and asked her how her steak was, and basically she replied, "this is one of the worst steaks i have ever had due to the fact that the beef is actually cold. not even warm." of course i felt the same way about my filet. we were thinking of having our waiter take our steaks back and warm them up a little, except for the fact that both of our steaks were over cooked. when our waiter came over and asked us how everything was, i mentioned to him that our steaks were cold. our waiter was an older/nice latino man, and i liked him in the beginning, though when he started to bullsh_t me about that they don't serve their steaks warm/hot, i lost all respect for this guy. i was thinking to myself, does this guy think i am some kind of idiot? actually the problem is that i am 46 and i look about 33. my gal looks quite young too, so people take for granted that we are kids and that we won't know any better. they under estimate us all the time. well sure enough here we go again, except i never thought i would get this unprofessional service at such a nice restaurant. later on that weekend i called my good friend up who recomended this restaurant for dinner  and asked him about the steaks/skillets coming out cold. his story was completely different from what the waiter. he mentioned how the skillets should be hot and that you should be careful of them. mines wasn't even warm. so basically what happened was our food was forgotten about for a lengthy amount of time, our dipsh_t waiter didn't pick up on the fact that he was bringing us cold food or just didn't think we would catch on to this, and worst of all, our saturday night dinner was ruined, because of their weak staff. bringing cold beef to our table; hello. mc donalds serves hotter food than you shmucks. should have went to matros or nines. actually the sizzler would have been better. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!!!! They need to find better staff/waiters, ecspecially if they are going to be be bullsh_tting their customers. It amazes me, just with a little bit of effort, this could have all been avoided. But no, the waiter had to make lame excuses and make matters worse. not sure if management is aware what i going on at their restaurant, though i will be calling them tomorrow to let them know. oh and by the way, tom colicchio, your name is on this food, and i just want to let you know you get two thumbs down when it comes to your steaks buddy. your cooks are equally at fault for letting cold food leave your kitchen. you definetly don' know the first thing about running a kitchen. shame on you and this restaurant.. . Did a little more research, the waiter was not the problem and I take back what I said about the waiter. Did some research, from what I understand this restaurant lets their steaks set for a while before they are served. The manager says that this helps keeps the meat's juices inside the steak according to them. The only problem I see is if you let them set out in the open to long at room tempature the steaks come out to the customer cold, which was our case. If you eat at this restaurant, be sure to tell them to maybe not do this for so long, that way you have a warm steak.
We were in Vegas for 3 days and I wanted to try a really good steakhouse. I told my husband I wanted to go to Craftsteak for dinner and made reservations. We showed up 15mins early and was seated right on time of our reservation. The service was great and very helpful. The food was excellent and cooked perfectly! The only complaint is why do you have to be located in the MGM?? It's doesn't help when your trying to have a nice dinner when you have two guys and a girl next to us and one of the guys was passed out! Oh and on the way out I had to use the restroom and two girls were puking! Kinda spoiled my nice dinner! Next time I'll stick to Del Frisco's or stripsteak where it is more classier.
The food is mediocre and definitely not worth the ridiculous price. We had the three course tasting (4 people) wagyu which included 3 salads, 3 filets, 1 Lobster, and 5 desserts. The salads were decent and the filets were tender but didn't melt in my mouth. The desserts looked impressive and tasted like any high end Vegas buffets.  . . Still haven't found a steak house that can beat or come near Peter Lugers.. . Tom Colocil, please pack your knives and go.
I'm a huge fan of Top Chef, so I was very excited to try head judge Tom Collichio's restaurant!  We were seated at a nice booth with a view of the restaurant.  Our server was very attentive and helpful in explaining the menu and offering suggestions.  . . We started with the lobster bisque ($18) and the warm frisee salad ($16) with bacon and champagne vinaigrette.  The lobster bisque had large chunks of fresh lobster and had a nice creamy finish.  The best part of the frisee salad were the chunks of smoked bacon, but it was really heavy as the bacon was quite fatty and the vinaigrette very oily and collected at the bottom of the bowl.  . . We ordered the 22 oz roasted T-bone steak ($56), 18 oz grilled angus bone-in ribeye and diver scallops ($39) for our entrees.  The scallops were quite tender and had a bit of crust on the top, but overall were a little undercooked.  The T-bone steak and ribeye were cooked perfectly, but lacked a bit in flavor and tenderness.  The sides were the best part of the actual entree experience.  We really enjoyed the mushroom medley, broccoli sauteed in olive oil and garlic, yukon gold potato puree and potatoes au gratin. . . The cinnamon monkey bread with brown sugar sour cream ice cream ($15) was sweet, buttery and utterly delicious.  The vanilla bean cheesecake ($13) was just okay, nothing special.   . . Overall, if you are looking for a steakhouse restaurant, I would pick STK over Craftsteak.  The shrimp rice krispies bisque with tiger prawns at STK was superior in flavor and creaminess to the lobster bisque at Craftsteak.  The bone in filet mignon at STK was more tender and flavorful compared to the T-bone steak and bone in ribeye at Craftsteak.  Craftsteak has many higher end options for types of steak (Wagyu, Kobe, etc), but you pay the price for them.  Even though the music gets really loud at STK, I would rather eat there for the money than Craftsteak any day.
During dinner my partner asked me who was it that said,"Risotto should be creamy and spread over the plate when served?"  She almost choked when I said,"Tom Collichio!"  . Our rissotto did not spread over the plate and some of the pieces were a tad crunchy.  I had the foie gras as an appetizer and it was delicious, but a little on the oily side. I greedily left none on the plate and will order it again if I return, since it is about to be banned in my wonderful home state. . My rib eye was cooked well, but really nothing to write home about and I am a fan of bone in meat.  My girl likes meat too and ordered the filet, hers was delicious.  Apparently she was quite happy with the meat that she received that night.. She liked the steak too! ;)
I wish they still had the buffalo steak.  Had it the first time I came, then the past two times it's not been on the menu.  Bring it back!  Other than that - this place is nice. Great decor, friendly waitstaff, and amazing food.  Try the Hen of the Woods mushrooms along with your steak - they're probably the best thing on the menu (and that's not to put down the steaks at all)
My hubs and I went here for our anniversary and I was so excited. In the end I was a little disappointed. I just didn't feel it was worth the money. . . Everything is a la carte but they do have some meal options. . . I had the flat iron steak and my husband had the rib eye. We ordered 3 veggie sides since we don't eat grains: baby carrots, green beans and the sweet corn. . . Steaks: . The flat iron was perfectly cooked and tender. It was well seasoned and delicious. . . The rib eye: my husband enjoyed it but it seemed a little fatty to me. . . Sides: everyone says this place is known for their side dishes. Not really sure what all the fuss was about!. . Carrots: baby orange and yellow. They were in a sweet honey sauce that was just ok. They could have been seasoned better and they weren't cooked evenly. Some were hard and some soft. . . Green beans:  these were pretty boring. They were in a butter sauce with almonds. Something I could make at home. . . Sweet corn: this was pretty good.The corn was nice and sweet and the seasoning was good too. I liked the corn with the green onions. . . We peeked at a dessert menu but it didn't have anything too exciting on it. A lot of fruit dishes and nothing cake-like. I would have preferred a chocolate cake or tiramisu. We skipped dessert altogether. . . Overall I was not too impressed. The prices are super high and not worth it as far as I am concerned. . . I was more impressed with the steak house at Circus Circus! Better food and better prices!!
First off, let me say that I am a HUGE fan of good steak and I REALLY wanted to love Craftsteak.  Although I love fine dining in general, my bucket list includes all of the great steak houses--Bern's, Gibson's, Peter Luger, etc. and I dragged my better half to Craftsteak (she's not much of a red meat eater) when we were last in Vegas. Despite what others have said, I actually really liked the atmosphere--casual and loud, with a great vibe throughout the room. We had one really odd experience in which one server introduced himself as part of a duo of servers that would help us, but we never saw him again and his partner did all the rest of the work for our table (I sure hope she got all of the tip!) That minor quibble aside, the service was excellent. . . The food was generally good, but I have to agree with other reviewers--for whatI paid for the meal I expected something much better than Morton's or Ruth's Chris, and what I got was much more like those chains in terms of food quality, but at about twice the price tag. The hanger steak was fine, but it was not worth the nearly $100 I paid for it, especially given that all of the side dishes ran nearly $20 each. . . Overall, good food, but really not worth the expense given all of the other great choices for steak places in Vegas at more reasonable prices.
We ordered the surf and turf and the sea scallops with spinach and mushroom assortment.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, the lobster was so so, and my steak was delicious.  Don't get me wrong, but the meal was missing a certain kind of pizazz.  I wish the lobster presentation was more on point, it was a little dry.
As a fan of Tom Colicchio from Top Chef I really wanted to love this place.  Today's rating reflects the disappointment I felt. The rating is also based upon a comparison with comprable restaurants as Craftsteak would get five stars if I compared it to Sizzler. (sorry all you sizzler fans). . I expected an overpriced steak house so the three rating is not a reflection of price so much as it is of value.  For instance, I have had 5 star experiences at Hank's and Delmonicos.. . From the moment I walked in, I was disappointed.  While I expected a somewhat less glitzy environment, I felt like I was in the Hofbrauhaus as the place was jam packed with tables, noisy and the decor seemed uninspired (cow paintings, really? And not very good ones either).  . . I have to give a shout out to the 5 star service we received.  The waitstaff was amazing.  Yet I found it disconcerting that the dining manager was out in the dining area discussing issues and business within four feet of the diners.. . We started with the diver sea scallop appetizer which was exactly as advertised and well prepared so I began to feel at ease.  The waiter suggests the scallops or the lobster bisque but we knew we could never finish two appetizers and our meal. The drinks, althoughpricy were creative and excellent as well.. . I ordered the rib eye and my dining partner ordered the surf and turf.  We ordered sides of mixed exotic mushrooms and grits with bacon.  The sides were excellent and the grits may well have been the best dish of the meal even if grits aren't your thing.. . The main course arrived and well I can only say I was overwhelmed by the size and underwhelmed by the taste.  The large 18 OZ ribeye looked so good in the metal pan that I couldn't wait to dig in.  But first I have to rewind.  I like my steak medium rare most of the time but I find good steakhouses tend to think rare = raw, medium rare = rare etc.  So I asked the waiter what the chef's medium rare was.  The waiter told me medium rare was red center, pink surrounding and medium rare was pink all the way through.  So I went with medium rare.  Unfortunately it came out red all the way through.  Im ok with that but I would have gone with medium had I known.   The steak was well seasoned but the meat was much tougher than I have had at other steak houses and the marbling was not rendered down enough causing a rough cut.. . The Lobster was nearly flavorless and chewy.  The filet was cooked medium but was actually medium rare so we enjoyed it but it too did not pack a punch.. . We looked at the desert menu but I was already disenchanted so I refrained.  My dining partner had the souffle which was not in the top 5 souffle's we have had, even at less distinguished establishments.. . So while the meal was above a chain and probably above most off strip places, it earns a 3 which according to Yelp means A-OK which satisfies my review standards.  4 would mean I was a fan which I am not and will not go back short of someone offering to pay for the meal which was pricey (2 people, 4 drinks, 1 app, 2 steaks and 2 sides nearly $400.00.  . . They do offer fixed price meals with choices which would have given us more food for only a little more money but we didn't finish what we had and were glad we didn't opt for the extra side and dessert.. . Bottom line, while this is a premium steak house there are many equal or better choices for the same price or less within 15 miles.  I could list about 10 off the top of my head if anyone wants to know.  I'll make a list if some of you readers ask.
We were fresh off of a Kitchen Nightmare's marathon, so my roommates and I decided to go give Gordan Ramsay Steak a try, however, they were all booked up. Now with a steak craving that required immediately fulfillment, we headed to Craftsteak.. . I'll start by saying the two best things were by far the waitstaff and the break. The waiters were friendly, attentive, and everything came out with perfect timing. The bread was presented adorably and was ridiculously delicious, I knew I had to save room for a big meal coming up, but I legitimately couldn't stop throwing down bread, but it kinda worked out, because there's a reason bread ranks on my top 2 things about Craft.. . We went with the Wagyu steak special w seafood for the 4 of us. The seafood dishes were okay, however I couldn't really get myself to eat them, just too odd for my taste(the oysters were ok, though). The steaks themselves were very average imo, and I found myself filling the remainder of my bread ridden belly with the mashed potatoes, which were also great. The other vegetables were pretty undercooked, but to be fair I typically like them extremely tender.. . Finally, dessert. This is something I have no complaints over. The monkey bread was literally the sweetest thing I have ever tasted, almost too rich to even keep eating(couldn't stop though, obviously). The chocolate souffle was very rich and delicious, however I only got a bite of that because of my chocolate crazy roommate who ate it within seconds. The blueberry cheesecake was probably near the best cheesecake's I've ever eaten, and the sorbets were very tasty as well. There was a 5th dessert but I'm blanking on what itwas.. . It was a bit pricey for what we got, however a few things redeem this place to a 3 star for me.
Being married to a restaurant guy, a foodie myself, and of course a Top Chef fan, I was very excited to go to Craftsteak while I was in Veags this week. I had just dined at Michael Mina at the Bellagio the night before, and was on a food high. Unfortunately, that ended after my meal at Craftsteak....underwhelmed would be the best way to describe it.. . The restaurant is huge, with very little intimate dining space. While I was not on a date, or with my husband, it still made it difficult to chat with the friend I was with. The service was fine, attentive, but every now and then a different server would come by and offer the same thing we had just declined from our own server. Like a car dealerhsip, I felt like they wanted to get a sale so badly that they sent in the closer. Or, they just didn't listen to each other, either way, it was awkward. It was also a little wierd having the server's stand right in the middle of the room. While I was not facing that way, I could still hear all their chatter and the clanking of plates and glassware.. . The menu is appropraite for the concept, sides are family style, and there are multiple tasting menu choices based on the style of entree you chose. But beware, they start at $119 for a Angus Filet, altho it is supposed to come with multiple sides. We opted for ala carte.. . I started with the Waygu Tartare. It was good, but not great. In some restaurants they mix the egg in for you, but not here, and because it was in a bowl with crostini's all the way around, mixing was difficult. They also gave me a spoon, rather than a fork. Not optimal for dealing with the dish.. . Then, since I couldn't make up my mind, I ordered the Surf 'n Turf, cooked mid-rare to medium, and 2 sides; the mixed mushrooms and the white corn grits. The sides were fine, but nothing to get excited about. While they were good sizes had I been sharing, they were a bit big for one person (my freind wanted something else). As for my entree, the filet was cooked to perfection! It was just the right temperature, and my knife cut throught it like butter. On the other hand, the lobster tail was the worst thing I had ever tasted! It was so dried out, I didn't even recognize the texture, absolutely flavorless, and it wasn't served with any clarified butter, which might have helped. Not to mention that it was almost cold. I left it on the plate, and was never even asked about it. We declined dessert.. . So, as you can see, our experience was okay, just not great. For the price I paid, underwhelmed is not what I was looking for. I paid the same price for the Chef's Tasting menu (with pairings) the night before at Michael Mina and that was amazing, even tho it was slightly less food, it definately left you fulfilled. I would not go back to Craftsteak, and wished that I had spent some of the cost of dinner actually gambling. At least there is a chance of winning that way.
Craftsteak in the MGM was a great last minute find during the iheart music concert. We arrived a few minutes early for our dinner but was seated around 15min later. I found the menu options a bit confusing with the Chef's Beef Selection Three Course Menus option. It turned out to be cheaper for everyone to order alacarte and get the beef of their choice. The food was prepared as ordered. The ribeye and salad was great.
I have absolutely no problem spending good money on a really good meal. Our bill (for my husband and myself) was over $300 and it was mediocre at best. My husband can cook better.. We ordered the steak tasting (we chose domestic waygu). You get a ton of food. The side dishes were great, the lobster bisque was perfect and the bread was outstanding. But I expected the steak to be the frontrunner. Not so much. It wasn't tender and there just wasn't anything special about it. I was really disappointed. . The desserts they brought out were fabulous, the monkey bread was to die for. . The whole meal just wasn't worth the money. Period. I have paid over $400 for a meal before in Lake Tahoe and it was outstanding. This wasn't. I won't go back and I wouldn't recommend it.
Craftsteak in the MGM was a great last minute find during the iheart music concert. We arrived a few minutes early for our dinner but was seated around 15min later. I found the menu options a bit confusing with the Chef's Beef Selection Three Course Menus option. It turned out to be cheaper for everyone to order alacarte and get the beef of their choice. The food was prepared as ordered. The ribeye and salad was great. My biggest concern was the 2.5hrs it took to complete a salad, main entree and dessert meal.
When we called to make a reservation at this steakhouse, we had to accept a time 15 minutes later than our requested time.  We didn't mind, but when we got there at our reservation time, we had to wait another 30 minutes for a table.  I understand that we were in Vegas and at a popular restaurant, but why bother to make a reservation at all?. . Once we got seated, it took more than 10 minutes for our server to arrive.  It seemed like he wanted to be somewhere else - he never smiled, never came back to see if we were happy with our food, and never asked if we wanted to refill our drinks.. . That being said, we all agreed the meal itself was quite good.  They begin by bringing a small "loaf" of tiny buns sprinkled with sea salt.  I didn't have any, but it must have been good because my two dining companions had the busboy bring us a second serving.  For dinner, I had the tuna but asked for it to be cooked, not just seared. It was really good, but I still could have been cooked longer for my taste.  My friends had the short ribs and the salmon, and both loved their meals. . . I highly recommend the food here, but the disorganization and bad service may not make up for the meal.
The food here is high quality. Our favorite thing surprisingly wasn't the steak, but the scallops. The outside was seared to perfection, while the inside was nice and tender.  They also have delicious mussels, bathing in a yummy broth.  . . One issue we had was initially they sat us at a table right in the front, completely exposing us to the drunks walking around the hotel. This might appeal to some; however my husband and I were looking to enjoy a romantic evening alone. We asked to move and thankfully got seated in a more secluded location, providing the intimate experience we sought.  . . The service was a little on the weak side. Much of the time we were waiting on our server instead of him waiting on us.  I don't know that we'd return, but we had a nice time.
Service was great the waiter was very patient with my indecisiveness prior to ordering. We had 2 waiters and a server catering to us that night. . . The decor was confusing, I actually pulled up a description of it while we were in the restaurant. We thought it was messy and not well thought out. However, I did enjoy the cow paintings on the walls.. . Food wise...we left unsatisfied. I expected more from TC's restaurant. Maybe we ordered the wrong items that night, but even the steak was nothing memorable. . . Ordered:. - Seafood sampler -- The best thing we ordered. Fresh, various items to sample and delicious.. - Surf & Turf - Steak was lame. I eat steak often enough and that was lame. My cousin said the scallops were delicious.. - Risotto - Bland. There was no flavor. . - Steak tar tar - Or something. This was good.. - Monkey bread with Ice cream - too sweet and no other flavors.. - Red Wine - I don't remember what we ordered, but it was a great choice. . . I was disappointed since TC is very proud of his work when we see him on shows. Either his chefs were off their game, or this place is overrated.
The food is delicious as it should be at this price point and the chocolate soufle was hands down the best I have ever ever ever tasted! The atmosphere is "diner" and the attitude of the service staff is deplorable, sorry but they are a bit rude. I would still come back, however...maybe
The wagyu was very well prepared, and the appetizers were fantastic (the brussel sprouts and steak tartar especially). The desserts were underwhelming, as was the service - although the service may have been an issue because I went during a very busy time.. . I'd suggest doing the chef's choice for wagyu. Or just get the skirt steak, which is stellar. It's a good restaurant, but it doesn't compare to great restaurants in other major cities - the ambiance isn't as nice, and the wait staff seems overburdened.
So glad I had a chance to try Craftsteak.  The good parts:  Setting is fabulous, very posh and yet comfortable.  The Parker house rolls were so good that I ate way too many.  Crusty tops with salt and pillowy soft insides.  The Wagyu beef tartare was as good as others here have said.   And yet...  The frisee salad was majorly overdressed.  Yes, it is a warm salad so the frisee won't be as crisp as normal.  But the egg, bacon, and cheese used for the freshly tossed dressing should have been used on three times the amount of greens.  Then it would have been an enhancement instead of glops of saltiness that hid the taste of the greens.  So sad.  I'm sure Chef Colicchio didn't know it was that way because, after watching him so long on Top Chef, he would not have stood for it.  Wish I had been hungrier so I could have tried other items.  . . On a side note:  All throughout my dining in Vegas I was confronted with soup spoons given to me for my dessert course.  When the sorbet scoops are the same size as the spoon I'm to eat them with it is not a good match.  Craftsteak was one of the offenders.  Find smaller spoons for diners to use for dessert please!
As I'm writing this, I'm still hovering between 3 and 4 stars. I feel that I might be a bit picky, but it's only because I was expecting to be completely blown away. Granted, my experience was great and my partner and I really enjoyed ourselves, but there were a few little things which irked me the wrong way. Full disclosure, our visit was December 8, 2012; just being clear that I didn't JUST visit. Anyway, moving on.... . My partner and I had a very early dinner reservation, owing to it being a) a Saturday night, b) the weekend smack-dab in the middle of the National Rodeo Finals, and c) the same night as the Pacquiao/Marquez fight. Needless to say, it was packed. In the end, we were glad for the early reservation because it allowed us plenty of time to eat our meal without feeling rushed for our show later that evening. When we first walked by the "outside" (I put it in quotes because nothing in Vegas has a real exterior unless it's a casino), I was worried it was going to be tiny. What I saw from outside, though, was merely the bar/lounge. Once inside, the place is huge. The decor and lighting is very smart and even though the tables are placed quite close to one another, you still feel you can have a nice conversation with whoever is with you.. . My partner and I began the evening with a sampling of their fresh oysters. Presented with a red wine minuet, freshly grated horseradish, and (if I recall correctly) house-made cocktail sauce. Oysters were incredibly fresh and flavorful. We then each had a salad: the Caesar and the Arugula. Both were delicious, but they were both HUGE. I swear there was at least half a box of arugula in my salad bowl. I ended up leaving much of the salad behind, as I was afraid of filling up before my steak arrived. . . Ah, the steaks... This is where I think Craftsteak really excelled (and good thing, too, given the name). I ordered the Petite Fillet. Although far from petite at 10 oz, it was a lovely and tender cut of beef and roasted to perfection. It was neither too rare or overdone, which is difficult with a steak as thick as fillet tends to be. It really did melt in my mouth. The presentation with a roasted shallot was just right. My partner went with the 10 oz Hangar steak. His steak was also cooked to perfection and was absolutely delicious. We shared two sides: Heirloom Cauliflower with Garlic Confit and French Fries with Roasted Paprika and Sherry Vinegar. The sides were excellent, as well, the french fries, in particular, being the star of the table: perfectly cooked and spicy and savory from the roasted paprika and vinegar. I felt the cauliflower, while still delicious, seemed too rich. . . We ended our meal simply with 2 scoops of ice cream: 1 mint chocolate chip and 1 vanilla bean, both house-made. The vanilla bean ice cream was incredibly creamy and rich, without being too sweet. The mint chocolate chip, on the other hand, was disappointing. Instead of peppermint, fresh spearmint was used for the mint cream, instead, giving it a weedy aftertaste (imagine chewing on a leaf of fresh mint for too long). We did enjoy our dessert, even if it didn't really live up as much to the rest of the meal. . . As for drinks, my partner and I both ordered martinis: 1 with Junipero Gin and olives, the other Grey Goose with a twist. It should be noted that both martinis came with olives, even though one was specified to come with a twist. My partner did not send his back, though. The martinis were generous to say the least. The "extra" was provided on the side in a tiny individual shaker and after the refill ended up being the equivalent to 2 full martinis. The wine list is extensive and also INCREDIBLY expensive. There was no note of a corkage fee, but even if it's the more standard $25, it's worth it to bring your own bottle. There were only 2 or 3 full-sized bottles priced less than $80, with the majority of the list above $100. Stick with cocktails or bring your own, unless you want to pay handily for wines you can find at Bevmo for half their menu price. Nonetheless, we found a fine bottle of California Pinot Noir for our meal.. . So, here comes the nit-picky part. Perhaps due to the packed house they had that night, our waiter frequently changed. It seemed there was staff members everywhere, running this way and that. It was a little distracting. The waiter who greeted us when we first sat down, was not the waiter who handed our check in the end. There was no hand-off done and no introduction to our new waitress. Instead, it changed and that was that. Overall, the portions could be scaled down a bit. I simply cannot eat 10 ounces of meat, which is the smallest steak size they offer, and since we were merely visiting, I couldn't take the leftovers to go. I know Vegas is all about "go big or go home," but I hate wasting food, too.. . Overall, though, a great experience. We're happy we came. Truly a top-notch steakhouse.
Went on a really busy night with reservations.  Hostesses were SLAMMED with people at the desk with demands.  I felt for them.  They were really nice, smiled, and did their best. . . As for the dinner, order light on the sides.  We over ordered and had tons of food leftover.  . . Honestly, the steaks were A-OK.  I've had better at the premium steak chains.  The steaks were good, not great like at Ruth's in Anaheim, City Hall in Scottsdale, or DelFrisco's in Vegas.
I'd give it 3.5 stars!. Overall a really good elegant restaurant.. However, one of our steaks was not cooked properly, it was rather fully cooked than medium rare (pink).. The side dishes were just ok. Mashed potato was tasty but the risotto wasn't good, had a little and didn't want any more, considering I LOVE risotto. The brussels sprouts  were not anything special either. The cooked potatoes were just ok as well, I had one and I felt like it was very hard, not fully cooked.. Watching chef Tom Colicchio criticizing all chefs on top chef TV show I expected more than just ok.
We had a 6:30 reservation for dinner prior to a 9:30 show.  We were seated promptly and politely.  Our server was jovial and reasonably helpful.  There were three people in our party, so we ended up with three different apps, steaks, and sides, and then shared a dessert.  Everything was executed reasonably well, but not amazing.  I think our appetizers were better than the actual steaks.  I had the beet salad with roasted beets and pickeled eggs.  I think that the salad lacked a bit of acid, but overall good.  Another person had the quail appetizer and thought it was tasty.  We ordered braised kale, sweet potato puree, and brussels sprouts as sides.  I felt that the sweet potatoes were too sweet, and could have used some salt to contrast, but another in my party enjoyed them.  The steaks were average.  I felt like mine was almost over-salted and tough, but maybe that's the nature of the cut (flatiron).  I ordered it because it was the only 8-oz steak on the menu.  I would have preferred an impeccably prepared 6-oz filet.  There was also a strip steak and a bone-in ribeye at the table.  They were fine.  Not great, not bad, just fine.  I would say that I've had dramatically better steaks at Ruth's Chris and Capital Grille.  It's a bit dissapointing that we've had better meals at major chain steak houses.  Overall, I probably wouldn't go back.  It wasn't bad, it just wasn't the fantastic experience I was looking for.  I think that for the hype and reviews, I was expecting to be wowed, and I was a bit underwhelmed.  I didn't leave hungry, but I was a little bummed/disappointed/bored.. . The best part of the meal was the monkey bread with sour cream ice cream.  I would have that again any day...
So we just completed our week at Vegas and tried 3 different restaurants with the Ribeye, so the rating is a comparison of the three.. . We we walked right in at 6:30 and immediately greeted not by one waiter, but two.  We were explained the wine list and specials and began to pick our food.  A third waitress continued to fill our waters regularly.  It was not too busy at 6:30, but by 7:30, the place was full and service slowed down a little, but still top notch.. . For soup, we went with the Lobster Bisque and the salad was the Italian Buffalo Mozzarella Salad.  Both very delicious appetizers and would recommend a must have.  The main entrees were the Ribeye with Risotto and the Filet Mignon with Asparagus.. . Now don't get me wrong, the expectation is high at this price point and they did not disappoint on flavor.  The reason for three stars was the amount of gristle that the Ribeye had.  I would say about half of the slab was very difficult to get through and some pieces just had to go down the throat without breaking it up into pieces with my teeth.  The Risotto was also just OK, it needed more flavor.  It also comes in a big bowl, way too much for two people.  We only got through 25% of it.. . To compare, we went to Mon Ami Gabi and Gordan Ramsey Steakhouse.  You'll have to search those for my reviews.. . On a side note, when does business casual actually get enforced?  Two of the three resturaunts at this level we attended, both had people in t-shirts and Tom's had a guy with shorts and a t-shirt.  IMO, It kinda brings down the atmosphere for those of us who understand rules.
I came here last April and my boyfriend at the time always came here for business and raved how great it was . So when we went I was all excited..My excitement became "meh". The steak was not the greatest..maybe it was an off day. The frisee' salad was amazingggg though as well as the monkey bread dessert but it wasn't good enough to return for me.
Overall i think the service was great, but the food was just okay. Maybe it was because i had unrealistically high expectations from all the top chef episodes, but it was a little disappointing. Not to say the food was good, it just didn't stand out from the other high tier restaurants.. . For a party of 6, we ordered a prosciutto and salad as appetizer, both were huge portions, much bigger than i thought they would be. For entree we split a kobe skirt steak, a porterhouse for 2, ribeye, and a 2.5 lb lobster with sides of mushrooms and brussel sprouts. I have to say, the stand out items were  the skirt steak and brussel sprouts. . . All the food plus 2 bottles of wine (1 was comped because we moved our table to help someone in a wheelchair) came out to be around $600ish.
It pains me to write this review but it must be done.  I was so pumped about going to this restaurant while in Vegas unfortunately, it totally let me down.  We started with cocktails and salads.  I love a poached egg so I was excited to order the warm frisee salad.  It was just so so.  Next I ordered the sea scallops and brussel sprouts.  I know it is a steak house, but isnt like every restaurant in Vegas a type of steak house?  Therefore I had to stop eating steak at some point and try something else.  Can I say underwhelmed?  Lack flavor and just not worth the price tag.  My husband ordered the bison strip. It was eh, but the sauce was amazing.  Yum! I'd say the real star of the meal were the rolls they give you at the beginning of the meal!  I'd give it another try next time i'm in town because I love Tom Colicchio.
If I could give it a 3.5 stars I'd do that instead.. . For this trip to Vegas I decided to try out Craftsteak because of two things; 1) my buddy Henzel highly recommended it and, 2) Cherlynn N, a "friend" of mine through Yelp also gave it a 4.5 stars and not only do I love her reviews but our tastes are very similar when it comes to eateries.. . I would have also started my review exactly the way Cherlynn N wrote her first paragraph about Craftsteak (except for the bf part) and Tom Colicchio on Top Chef.. . Nowlet me break it down.. . Atmosphere was excellent except for the cold air condition draft that was blowing direct to my gf.  Otherwise it was hip, good lighting, and the noise level was good where we could talk to each other without yelling across the table.. . We decided to go with the pre fixe meal of $140 each for the wagyu beef selections.  This pre fix includes a cup each of their lobster bisque, 3 half orders of any of their salads, 3 half orders of any of their sides, 3 dessert.  Being the wagyu filet my lady decided to get was just $105 by itself, this pre fix deal is worth it!. . The bread - 5 stars.  Let's say they were like freshly baked hawaiian bread but only lighter, brushed with butter on top and sprinkled with sea salt.  We would go back to Craftsteak just for this bread!  You get six pieces at the table.  We asked for another tray and also had an order to-go.  Ain't no shame to our game!. . Lobster bisque - 3 stars.  I was so looking forward to this as it's knows as one of their signature dishes.  While it was tasty it was overly "herbed".  That blew it.  The bisque at Farallon in SF is much better.. . Appetizers: Caesar salad, Roasted beet salad, Italian Buffalo Mozzarella.  The Caesar was very good.  It's not chopped romaine lettuce but served whole leaf.  The dressing is tasty and light.  I would order that again.  The beet salad was also very good.  Various different types of beets.  Another order again.  The mozzarella fell flat, not big deal.. . Oh and we also ordered the seared scallops which were very tasty.. . Two glasses of wine and we were ready for the 2nd half of the meal and that's where things actually went relatively downhill.. . Sides: mushroom assortment, potato puree, spinach.  All three to me were really no big deal.  So not much to write about here.. . Steaks:  As I said my lady had the wagyu filet while I decided to order the wagyu skirt, their most popular cut.  This is what I hated.  Both steaks came served to us ALREADY CUT INTO PIECES!!  This is like the cardinal rule of steak!  Pre-cut steak just lets all the juices out.  WTH?  Why do they do that?  So I tried to let that go and just hope that the taste of the steaks make up for it.  It didn't.  I just couldn't tell the difference between wagyu and a nice choice cut.  Made me think that wagyu continues to be overrated in my book or I just still haven't found a meat establishment that can win me over about wagyu beef.. . Dessert:  So we had the popular monkey bread and they gave us 3 other complimentary desserts; a lemon thing, two scoops of ice cream (strawberry and lemon), and a small dish of fruit.  By then we were already stuffed and had a few bites of each.  Again no big deal.. . Bottom line:  Craftsteak will still be on our list to go the next time we're in Las Vegas.  But instead, we would sit at the bar, have a couple serving of their bread, some appetizers and continue on with the evening plans from there.. . Sorry Tom - Please pack your knives and go.  And don't ever cut my steak again!
We decided to try Craftsteak because my husband and I wanted to have an amazing dinner and because I like Tom Colicchio. The restaurant was beautiful, hip, and very romantic. The food was just alright. Yes, the bread is very good and so was the potato puree...but everything else was just average. I wanted to love it and for the price I really wanted to love the food. I will say that the service was amazing. The steak was average, we've had better. If you're looking for a romantic restaurant to impress your date this is the place, if you want really good food I'd go somewhere else.
Was excited to eat here - love Top Chef!  The service was fantastic and although we had a reservation, there were plenty of tables available so I don't think it was necessary.  The top things about it were:  the bread, the caesar salad, the ribeye was great, the monkey bread dessert was really good.  The disappointments - the potato gratin was dry and tasteless, the spinach nothing great and the mushrooms were dry.  I would say I was satisfied but not blown away.  I give it a B-.
CraftSteak was the most disappointing of the restaurants I visited while in Vegas, a trip that also included stops at Sensi, the Mesa Grill, Sage, and Emeril's, among other places.  The spring Garlic Soup that I had was very good, as was my date's Manhattan, which she insisted I try -- a perfectly poured cocktail.  But where CraftSteak let me down was where it couldn't afford to let me down -- my steak was mediocre.. . I ordered the T-Bone at the suggestion of my waiter. I ordered it medium rare.  The steak came out medium rare on one side, and close to well-done on the other.  When you're charging $56 for a steak, it needs to be cooked correctly, and mine simply wasn't.  The steak was also oddly under-seasoned.. . Very disappointing.  If not for the good (though not great) service, and the very good soup and cocktails, I would have left very angry.. . Also, anyone else notice that Yelp's got the name of the restaurant misspelled?
First some disclaimers.  My rating is within the context of other, high end steak houses not all restaurants.  Second, it reflects both food and service and 3rd, I did not have the Wagyu beef which seems to be his signature item.. . My wife and I arrived for a Friday night, 8:30 reservation and were pleasantly greeted and seated.  After a few minutes our server came to the table, introduced himself and his "team".  So far so good.  Then he left to fetch some waters.. . Next a different server, part of his team arrived and promptly asked us for our order.  This is the first turn off.  How about a cocktail?  OH, sure he said and took our order.. . Came back with the drinks and then said ok are you ready to order?  Ah, no, we have not even sipped our drink yet.  He got the message and left.. . Returned before we were done and again asked for our order. Surrendering to the idea he was in a hurry to get us served and out, we ordered.. . Then, we over hear another waiter presenting the menu to the table behind us. He went over the prefix options, described the main courses and sides, etc.  Hey, we never got this.  I would have probably ordered the chefs selection after hearing about it.. . We got our food shortly after ordering.  We both had bone in rib eye and split a side of spinach.. . Steaks were cooked medium rare as requested.  They were appropriately fatty and tender.  I liked the slight application of a finishing salt on top and light dusting of a balsamic reduction with Thyme.  . . Overall, steaks were good, I would say competitive with other high end steakhouses but nothing that blew me away.  . . Ambiance is "Craftsman" reflecting the name I guess.  Kind of rustic I would say.. . Overall, an ok but not great experience dampened by the "bums rush" feeling we got from our server who was clearly the second team.
This place is really expensive. I know it's a steakhouse, but is it ok to use the term "meat-heavy"? I had a little bit of everyone's plate, and i definitely feel that the meat was lacking something. for my main dish I had the duck, which was good, but more on the greasy side. The cherries definitely help bring out the taste in the duck. However, i don't think I would come back here again. Not worth the money.
We had mixed reviews about this place. In order from dishes I liked from best to worst, it would be the t-bone steak, rack of lamb, ribeye, duck and then the porterhouse. We also ordered sides of the potato puree and assorted mushrooms.. . I was pleasantly surprised at how tender and flavorful the t-bone was, and the rest of the table agreed. The duck portion was rather large, but the skin was not crispy and the cherries that accompanied the dish were too tart. Although the most impressive looking in size, the porterhouse was not tender, even though it looked it and was cooked medium rare. It also came with a bearnaise sauce that seemed a little too acidic and really didn't enhance the flavor of the steak. . . The potato puree was absolutely delicious - you can tell they put a lot of cream, butter and love into it. The assorted mushrooms were also very good and were a good compliment to the steaks.. . Our server, Kevin, was really friendly and gave us lots of options in order to get more bang for our buck in terms of amount of food for our group to share. But we knew our limits and I'm glad we didn't order too much because we still had leftovers. . . I didn't get to try the bread because I didn't want to fill up, but my friends said it was good and we got some to go and had it for breakfast the next day. . . I don't want to say the service was slow, but I did feel we waited awhile after we were done eating in order to get our food packed up and get our bill paid. But the overall service was amazing - they constantly filled our water glasses and various employees would stop by to ask if we needed anything. Not a bad steakhouse, but there are definitely better ones in Vegas.
Escorted by a beautiful hostess to my seat in a decidedly "steakhouse" atmosphere. Nothing too striking or amazing about the decor. . . Started with bread served in a cast iron skillet. Very good bread resembling a Hawaiian roll. . . I was hoping for a chef's selection or menu but they only have that for two or more (curses to traveling alone).. . My waiter recommended the scallops for an appetizer. For my first bite I experienced amazingly buttery scallops with a seasoned buttery flavor. However, when I finished my first scallop (of three) I found myself shifting from amazement to indifference to slight disapproval of the (basil?) herb and lemon undertone. The more I ate the more flavors I c. . To me, I felt that the scallops on their own were so amazing, a simple butter sauce would be perfect with a tiny squeeze of lemon. But that's just me.... . I ordered the domestic Wagyu ribeye. It was a pretty bad steak. I read all the reviews of how amazing this place was so I came ready for a delicious experience and was quite disappointed. Uninspired was the word that came to mind. . . The beef had a dual personality. One side was rough and chewy. Chewy. It was a perfectly cooked medium but one side had a somewhat decent texture but the other end was downright ... Chewy. I didn't even finish my steak it was that bad. And this wasn't bad "for Wagyu". It was bad for steak. I've had way better steaks at Outback for fractions of the $105 price tag. . . For sides, I ordered spinach but was brought half corn and half spinach. Thanks GOODNESS for the corn!! The spinach was plain and boring. But once I had a bite of corn it almost made up for everything else. It was unbelievable!!!!! It reminded me of a gourmet BBQ. An assortment of flavors that WOWed me. . . I spoke up and the manager brought me a domestic Wagyu filet mignon. I'm writing to here so I haven't gotten it yet. . . The manager said he understood my taste on the steak is mine and valid. I appreciate how he tactfully said "these are amazingly expensive steaks so I don't know WTF your taste buds are telling you". Kudos to the politically savvy manager. . . I can only really compare my experience to mine at Sage a few months ago. It was a completely different experience from start to finish. I felt like I was in a luxury restaurant. I think 50 people came by my table every 45 seconds. Here, I felt almost like I was on an island. . . I guess I feel the same way about the MGM Grand Hotel that I do about craftsteak. It is nice but there are better, fancier, deliciouser places costing less. . . I'm still waiting for my replacement steak. I really would rather just pay the full check, leave, and chalk it up to a bad experience I probably wouldn't repeat (even if this was an off night and I got that one bad steak). . . As I sit here thinking, I think back to discussions I've had about what differentiates a professional from an amateur (other than money). A professional is consistent. Sure, amateurs may make a great play, take an amazing photo, or cook a great meal but it takes a professional to do it to a level of quality day in and day out. A bad day for a professional is still usually better than most amateurs. So even if this steak was an anomaly, a place of this caliber should not have too many nights that are this bad. . . With all that said and done, I will give this place a 3 instead of a 2 because I'm hoping they are usually much better and one poor review shouldn't dissuade anyone from trying them out. Now, if they have a bad experience then they can rate them a 2.... . . OK I just finished my replacement filet. A finish able steak. Still don't feel it was worth the money but at least this was a good steak.. . When I got the bill, I was disappointed that the manager did not discount anything. Not that I expected it, but traditionally management would comp an appetizer or offer free dessert or something.
Full disclosure, I was more than a little drunk when we came here for dinner so my experience in reality could be completely different than what I recall.  I was on a double date and my date and I arrived early so we ordered drinks at the bar. A dirty martini and a beer - $40. REALLY!? I'll admit that the bartender was AMAZING and offered me blue cheese stuffed olives and they were delicious. . . Our friends showed up and they seated us at a table that was partially outside of the restaurant so we can see people walking by.  Not sure if I liked this or not, but I guess it didn't matter that much.  My date and I shared the NY Strip and ordered corn for our sides.  The steak seemed cooked a little more medium than the medium rare we ordered, but it was good.  Our sides were corn and scalloped potatoes. I was SEVERLY disappointed they didn't have mac n cheese. Fine dining steakhouse mac n cheese is the best!!  . . I had a really great time with my friends and my date, but the restaurant experience itself did not seem extraordinary for the exorbitant prices.
I came here a few weeks ago during Labor Day Weekend to celebrate my 6 year anniversary with zee bf.. and it was disappointing. We were debating between Tom's and Ramsey's restaurant at Paris, and ultimately chose this one.. I'm thinking we made a mistake.. . It was a special night and we ordered the tartare as an appetizer which was sooo salty and then as for the steak, i think i got the flat iron and the bf got some sort of filet, very unmemorable for a steak. And we got the risotto as a side to share. The steaks were supposed to be medium rare, but mine was overcooked. The risotto was my favorite part of dinner.. . Then, this lady came around and asked if she can take a picture, we said sure.. but it turned out to be a 10 minute photoshoot full with posing and everything. It was soo awkward. I dont even know if she was part of the restaurant. Definitely unprofessional and unnecessary. At the end of our expensive dinner, the lady came back with all our pictures and pressured us into buying them all for $130! WTHeck...?! I was not happy about that. We ended up spending over $200 for dinner and paid $50 for one of the pictures that we liked. . . I dont think I will ever come back here again.
Only certain cuts of steak is USDA PRIME or A5 kobe.  For about the same price head to Mastro's... much better quality steak. At this price range, USDA prime should be the min level of beef served.
It was good..... Not crazy good, but good. I had the NY since many reviews had rated it highly. It was very tender and served with plenty of sides. Ordered the banana dread pudding and it was a disappointment, but they also gave us a sampler of three different ice creams they had and the chocolate was to die for! Loved the wait staff, they were funny and interactive. Overall with so many choices on the strip I probably won't rush back, but its worth a try.
the food was good. but the price was A-OK, for this price I would have gone to Mastro's instead. I love Tom Colichhio on TOPCHEF but not so much in food form, I'm sure it's not on him. hehe. anyway, i don't think I'll be back.
Off to sensation at Vegas a couple weeks ago! Since the event is at MGM Grand Garden Arena, decided to get a quick bite  at craftsteak before the party began lol . . We didn't make a reservation so only be able to sit at their bar area which is perfect for our quick dinner. . . Their lobster bisque is really good with chuck of lobster in there. Ordered the foie gras(good), wagyu ribeye, new york strip, potato gratin and hen of the woods. It's just an ok steak!!! Definitely think CUT has a better steak! But love the foie gras!!!!:) as I'm not able to eat that at CA anymore.... . Overall, nice ambience, ok food. . But when I ordered my second cocktail, there is a fly inside my drink!!! I let the server knew but she didn't even apologize and just walked away with the drink. I really think the service is horrible in a so called fine dining restaurant!!!!! She came back with a new drink without even said anything. I felt the server is so rude.... . Honestly, I think it's just a fair steakhouse. The best food they can offer is their bread! . I really love the bread!
Let's first get something straight here: If you know you will be eating here, don't eat much during the day or you will not have sufficient room in your stomach.  My mistake.  Wish I could go back in time here.. . What I did eat was fabulous, no complaints on the food.  As other reviewers state, the lobster bisque was awesome!. . The service, however, was a little puzzling.  It only takes one person to make you feel out of place, and that one person was our first waiter.  He and another waiter took turns coming to our table, and while the second waiter was stellar, the first was aloof and condescending.  We had looked at a menu prior to our visit and thought we would do the $140/person domestic Waygu dinner.  But after eating a bit too much during the day, we were rethinking it.  Had several questions regarding the meal, but our waiter was abrupt and was like "Yes, you're getting it"  and walked off. No patience, just abrupt.  Okay, I guess we're getting it.  When the items starting coming to the table, there was one item I wasn't sure how to eat (sorry, we don't have such fancy places in our town).  When I asked, I was made to feel stupid.. . I mean, holy crap, we spent over $400 for a meal with tip, don't be such a condescending ass.  Just not a pleasant experience for spending a months worth of groceries.. . We were also seated at a round booth near the pathway across the restaurant.  Behind us is where the servers all gathered to talk and tell jokes.  Very distracting.. . Tried it once, and done.
Rating would be 3 and a half. Really loved the lobster bisque and spinach salad. Free range chicken was amazing. We also had the T-bone steak it was ok my father has turned me into a picky steak person it was good but not amazing. Service started out well but lacked after main course arrived. It was way better then STK but not as good as the Michael Mina stripstreak.
3.5 stars. . I don't want to write a book about the place, I just want to cover some bases so you are prepared to dine here. It's dark inside. Not romantic dark, but oddly too dark. . . After reading a lot of reviews and seeking suggestions from the Yelp community, it was strongly suggested that we go for the tasting menu. We chose the Domestic Wagyu beef tasting at $140/person. A bit expensive of course, but we wanted to splurge so we did it despite our better judgement. . . First of all, if this is the route you plan to take, please make sure you arrive with an empty stomach. The portion sizes would make Mr. Buca Di Beppo blush. . . As part of the tasting, you are allowed (I say allowed b/c the chef is rather particular about what and how you order) to order appetizers, salads, two steak options, of which you cannot order the same cut and a dessert accompaniment. Yes, that much food!!. . Cow:. . The steaks were prepared medium and arrived a little closer to medium rare. I am fine with it, but my lady doesn't like it too rare. I mean, could we send it back? Of course. But it would be nice if they just follow what's ordered. . . Sides: . . Potato Gratin was ok. I hate this dish simply b/c made at home or at a high end restaurant, it doesn't matter. Once you cut into it you either need to eat every bite within moments or deal with the fact that it solidifies quickly and no longer tastes the way it should. Mushrooms were a huge hit, for me at least. Roasted, seasoned well and delicious!! Baby carrots were, well baby carrots. . . Dessert:. . Selections were incredible! Choco indulgence was my second fave. Chocolate mousse covered with chocolate ganache and served with house made chocolate ice cream. However, this took a back seat to their Monkeybread. Easily the most delicious dessert I've tasted, possibly ever. Sticky, gooey, caramel and nuts slathered over warm, soft and delicious monkeybread. Wow!!
Me and my Business partner had dinner there last night. Ordered the Chief special with Kobe Ribeye and My partner ordered the Filet. Both were good. Nothing to rave over thou. I would expect better quality for the price and would probably choose a different steak house next time.
We're having buyers remorse for spending so much money.  Don't get me wrong, this place is good, but it's pricey.  We had the "chef's beef selection" of domestic wagyu.  The service was exceptional and the food was all cooked perfectly, but there wasn't anything all that unique about it.  It's a steak place with excellent steak and well executed food, but it's the same ole things that have been paired with steak for years.
This was my 5th time here. I was very disappointed. The prix fix menu was very boring and not very tasty. In the past I could cut my steak with a fork. I dont ever remember skirt steak as an offering but this time my skirt steak could barely be cut with a steak knife. Appetizers were all tasteless. Service mediocre. Dessert and cocktail were excellent though. Definitely not worth the $430 for just me and my wife. Time to start trying some of the new steak restaurants in LV.
Overall, an okay experience. I was really torn trying to decide which of the many steakhouses in Las Vegas to visit. I think on my next trip though, I probably will not make a stop at Craftsteak. The food is definitely good, but not quite on par with other steakhouses in the area. When we first arrived, we had a reservation, and it wasn't particularly packed, but they still asked us to wait. We waited in the bar for a while, but it got pretty warm, so we decided to step outside. When we stepped outside, the manager up front said good bye to us, and we had to tell him that we weren't leaving, and that we were waiting to be seated. He kind of looked surprised, and within a minute or so, asked us to follow him into the restaurant. Not a great start, but we didn't really mind - just a little strange. . . The food was good, but again, nothing special. We both ordered the ribeye, and although they were in the pan, we found that the steaks got cold rather quickly. The sides that we ordered were also nothing out of the ordinary. I did however, enjoy my Caesar salad. I thought the presentation with whole leaves of lettuce unsliced and whole anchovies on top was kind of cool and tasty. And of course, the monkey bread was fantastic.. . But once inside, the service was great, and the decor was nice. I found it to be more casual than other steakhouses, but it was a nice environment nonetheless. . . Personally, I thought it paled a bit to our next stop at Delmonico...if you need a comparison.
