If you're into old broads, east coast douchebags, sub-par food, sub-par bars and clubs, slow bartenders, and janky looking table games then New York-New York is for you.  None of these things float my boat so NY-NY isn't the spot for me.. . Another thing about NY-NY I despise is their ATMs try and charge you a percentage of the money you're going to take out, and it's like 10 or 15 percent.  Screw that I'll just go across the street to MGM Grand and pay just a $5 fee or try and hit a gas station or bank off of the strip for an ATM.. . One thing I really like about NY-NY is that they have smoking hot cocktail waitresses who are quick with your drinks when you're gambling.  However there are enough other spots on the strip that have the same so this alone is not a good enough reason to come here.
Pros: . The room was cheap . I wasn't sexually assaulted . I didn't get food poisoning . They never tried to throw me out . . Cons: . Crappy bars . The room smelled kind of funny . Affliction t-shirts . . Overall I think it was a pretty positive experience. When I go to Vegas I try to not get stabbed and make my flight home, I accomplished both on my last trip. . . Keeping in mind that this hotel is on the lower end of the pricing spectrum I think is is pretty decent. I just wish they had better food and drink inside the hotel but that can be rectified by going to any of the adjacent casinos.
My husband and I stayed here the first time we went to Vegas.  I found a deal on Expedia for 7 nights and everyone told us we were crazy wanting to stay that long.  My friend meet up with us here for about three days and we had the best time.. . The hotel looks like the New York skyline on the outside and has that charm on the inside.  The room is your standard room.  Nothing more, nothing less.  The view left little to be desired as it was a big parking lot view.  . . I did not try the roller coaster which I regret since I LOVE them.  The pool was a disappointment though.  For such a huge place, I thought it would be bigger.  And better.. . Overall, I feel for my first stay, it was a good place to get my feet wet.
New York, New York the Las Vegas Casino has a little bit of nothing and a lot of everything. Roller coasters, a bit of a crazy interior decor theme, a few large centrally located bathrooms and sprawling elevators. It's a pretty unique place in comparison to all the other hotels on the strip. The rooms are basic, and a little dated, but they are quiet and the pool is nice, but not spacious enough. The rates are good, but the towels suck and they often are out of many amenities, I think they are a bit under stocked as I've yet to get a fridge or humidifier even with advanced request. I'll give them one thing, their AC gets cold, just the way I like it. They have no real restaurants, but rather cafe's and shops, not soo much a shopping area, but just boutiques while you're on the way out. The beds are what you pay for, the sheets were clean, but thin and well used, not somewhere I'd visit again. ROK is ok, but is more of an updated club version of Coyote Ugly bar. Las Vegas has come a long way since NYNY was a relevant player in the Vegas hotel game. 2nd best on that corner, but that's not saying much when Excalibur and Tropicana are your competition behind MGM.
The GOOD- Rooms and Price- for the Price I was very happy with the room- our floor was quiet and our room had a great view at night! Very clean and bathroom stocked and the linens looked clean- nothing smelled. . The Good- Valet for car- quick- never waited more than 10 minutes to retrieve the car- . The ok- no in room coffee- of course and Starbucks only choice in the Hotel/Casino. The Bad- no HOT water for drinking- unless you want to pay $9 plus tax plus tip for some to be brought up via room service... . Lots of smoking in casino.. I know.. but I am not a smoker.. seemed smelly in the casino.. but again that's part of the atmosphere.. . SO what did my $15.00/per day "resort fee" cover??? Guess I should have made use of the coupons in the book.. but none of the eating choices seemed to be on my list... everything quit serving breakfast at 11 on Sunday... that seems early after Saturday night but... . For the price and the room though I would stay here again-
The statue of liberty and a roller coaster right outside my window, I must be on something. Comfortable stay and the area is well-kept. The hotel may look older on the outside, but the inside doesn't reflect its cover! Plenty of inexpensive quick food/snack selections downstairs.
I've never stayed at the New York, New York, so this review is for the main level which includes the casinos, restaurants, etc.. . I'm from New York myself and I have to say I love the restaurant level with the cobblestone walkway. The restaurants there are always crowded but they're all definitely NY themed. I also like the piano bar which also gets crowded once the music gets going.. . I've never tried the roller coaster there, so I'm definitely gonna have to go back!
We stayed in the Park Avenue room for 5 days, this was my first time staying on the Strip in Vegas. . . First of all when I booked the room I asked for a (non-smoking) King bedroom for me and my GF, but when we got there they told me they only had 2double rooms left. I let the check-in guy know that I had booked a king bed almost 2 months ahead of time, and he actually got annoyed with me and went on a spiel about how they don't guarantee anything when I book. After I started getting annoyed myself he finally told us we could have the wheelchair accessible room, which had a King sized bed, and the only difference was it had railings in the bathtub. Fine.. . Also, 2 nights in a row, around 6pm we had hotel staff walk right into our room without knocking. Even though the room was already clean. We went straight down to the front desk and he let us know that sometimes management comes to inspect the rooms to ensure they've been cleaning properly. Thankfully it never happened again after that.. . . Pros. Very Cheap to Stay in. Nice sized room, very clean and big. Great View. Very comfy beds. Roller coaster didn't bother us with noise. Good selection of fast/cheap food in the lobby. Fun but expensive piano bar in the lobby. . Cons. They Don't Guarantee the Room you Book  . Sometimes Rude and Disorganized Staff . Ancient TV, with bad reception. $15/day Resort fee, which gives you Internet and a coupon book.. Sounds like a scam.
New York needs to get its act together. And by that I mean the city, not the casino. Because this place puts NYC to shame. . . Why don't we have a roller coaster roaring above the Chrysler Building?. Why isn't all pizza $4.95 a slice ($7.95 with a side salad)?. Why can't we just combine 'hoods so we can shop in "SoHo Village?". Why is our Brooklyn Bridge so big and unwieldy?*. Why does our United Nations have to have ALL those flags?**. Why can't we have tourists staring upward, taking pictures and getting in everyone's way? . . Oh wait. We have that last one.. . But if you take away all the hackneyed, gimmicky attractions, the casino itself is classy, modern, and a lot of fun. And that Irish pub is actually pretty solid ($6 appetizers at happy hour). . ___________. . *And this compact version here doesn't force me to deal with pesky Manhattan when I want to cross.. **It's so much nicer with just have the seven or so here, including two for the USA.
Great roller coaster.  One of my favorites of all time.. . Disgustingly smokey casino - they must have NO attempt at ventilation in there.. . Fun kids' arcade area.  . . The end.
I love NY.. so staying at NY/NY has been on my Las Vegas "to stay list"  for years. Typically I stay at Cesars, Luxor, Venetian, MGM, and I've even stayed at Stratisphere and Sahara in my college years..   so I was really excited to feel like I'm in NY.. . We got there on Saturday, got our room, supposed to be Park Ave with strip view... The room was clean and modernish, but very very very small for Vegas.  At 200/night I expected more.. I went down and complained and after several attempts to make me "happy" the manager allowed me to pay $30 more for an upgrade to a "spa Suite"..  this was much better with several windows and a decent view... this was much better.   However, the room was not as modern, but was still clean... . Bottom line: I don't think I will stay at NY NY again simply because for the money I can get a lot more in Vegas.  I much prefer Luxor (a sister hotel).  The rooms are bigger and I love the Egyptian theme, and the rooms have a slanted window which always mesmerizes me.. who thought of a slanted wall and uneven windows??
The casino area is just OK.  No poker room.  Possibly the worst sportsbook on the strip.  I've stayed here multiple times before I became a local.  The fake NYC setups like Greenwich Village, Central Park, and Brooklyn Bridge etc are always a chuckle.  Maybe they should hire actors as homeless people to give more authenticity to the NYNY name.    . . I always park on the roof of the garage because it gives a not so bad look at the strip.  Plus you witness the rollercoasters riders terror as they take the first plunge.  This is also a great place to park when seeing a performance at the MGM Grand Arena since it's always so easy to get in, walk over and get out of.
Stayed here for a job. Free room, and frankly though it wasn't huge it did the trick, not smaller or larger than many rooms I've stayed in.. Pillows were kinda un-comfy and the AC was loud enough that I turned it off to get some sleep.. . That being said, the staff was very nice and helpful upon check-in, and the call-in check out is great since I forgot to check out and just called it in upon my leaving town.. . The whole being able to hear the police cars on the strip despite being 24 floors up was kinda a drag, and I heard from friends you can hear the rollercoaster riders screaming at 11PM or 10PM or something like that if you're in a room that faces that thing.. . The restaurants are fine, and again the staff was great.. Would i seek this place out. Likely no, but I'd stay here again.
I stayed here for 3 days while I had friends in town, and the rooms were decent but not great. Just typical...The hotel/casino itself is soso and really more enjoyable from the outside than in. They need a real sportsbook, better pool, and a way to get into the parking garage driving east.
Summary: The 80s called, they want their hotel room back.  Not bad, though.  Not great but not bad.  OK if you're on a tight budget.. . Pluses:. * Front desk upgraded me 2 levels, and the rest of the staff is friendly;. * Room they upgraded me to is pretty big. * Not including room, the place has aged well.  The outside still looks good (it was built back when Vegas was trying to be family-friendly...ha!) and both the outside and casino area have aged well and don't look dated.  However.... . Minuses:. * The room is pretty dated.  The fact it was built in the 80s is very clear here.  I think the TV has to be at least 15 years old (it does work well though.  But the channel choices are pretty limited);. * Cleaning staff could do a better job cleaning; I found a bunch of toenail clippings near the bed;. * I worked late so ordered a steak thru room service.  Meh, pretty mediocre, salty and not worth the $26.  (in fairness, the salad I had the next evening was very good);. . Random:. * has a resort fee.  Internet access included in the fee;. * For some reason, I slept well here.  There's nothing special about the bed, very typical old-school mattress; I would even say the mattresses are quite old and need replacing.. * There's a guard at the entrance to the hotel parking garage, and you must stop and roll down your window to get in.  I've been to a lot of Vegas casino parking garages and I've never seen this before.  I had no problem with it (I kinda liked it, probably keeps things more secure).
The NY-NY is a solid casino / hotel. The rooms are usually moderately priced and can be quite nice. There is a decent selection of casual and fine dining. And there are some great bars. The spa, salon, and pool, however, definitely leave something to be desired. And I can't say that I'm much of a fan of the latest makeover. But, all in all, it's a good place to stay and play.
Happened to stay here a total of 2 nights for a Bachelorette weekend (not by my choice). Was really dreading it, thinking of how old the property is. . . Turns out, they've done a half way decent job of doing some small renovations here and there in the public space that make it feel a little less outdated; but there are some pros and cons: . . Pros: . -Good selection of restaurants from a cultural and price stand point. Loved me some cheddar burger at the Irish Joint and the NY Style Pizza was FAB. . -Pool has a DJ . -Cute theming carried out throughout the property. Loved the middle section with the cobblestone and big signs. . -Roller coaster! . -Couldn't hear our neighbors on either side.. . Cons: . -Bad pool scene. Where did all the white trash float in from? I saw several people smoking in the pool and then ashing in it, having adult-like relations, letting unattended kids swim about, plus they rent out the cabanas (for $400 a day, mind you) and each cabana gets it's own sound system. Kind of defeats the purpose of having a DJ if you're sitting next to a cabana that is BLARING country music! Not enough chairs either. . -Standard rooms are circa 1997. I swear, the bathroom fixtures, purple leather & leopard chair and blush colored wall paper must be originals. The comforters also looked to be showing some age. . -Room could have been cleaner.. -Couldn't check in until 3:00 PM.  Not sure if that's a Vegas standard, but an early check in to ditch our luggage would have gone a long way in my book.. -No ammentities in the room.  Hello mini bar?. -Tub and sink were very slow to drain.. -Bad cell service in the rooms and in the hall ways of the room floors (although it wasn't bad inside the casino area).  We tried both AT&T and Verizon with no luck.... . Eh, I'm not sure I'd pick it to stay at again if it were up to me....but overall, it exceeded the low expectations I had for it. . . What else can you expect, it's Vegas baby!
Rooms are big but empty, lack of furnishing.  It is located in a convenient part of the Strip.  Easy access to the airport and I-15.
After staying here 2 different weekends in the past month, I should probably give it a review. Very comfortable, but nothing very exciting:. . Pluses:. -Location: right across from MGM for (Wet Republic) and about a 15 min walking distance to Aria (Haze) and Cosmopolitan (Marquee). -Coyote Ugly, well not sure if this is a complete plus due to the type of ppl who show up here... -Quite a few quick bite places to eat here when you're on the go: pizza, sandwiches, etc.. -Price is fairly decent, you can probably land a pretty good deal with hotwire.. -Lost and Found is pretty awesome. A friend left her heels at a cafe here one night after a few too many drinks and they kept it in Lost and Found. I was back a few weeks later and was able to pick them up fairly easily.. . Deltas:. -Small unexciting pool although easy to find beds to lay on. -Noisy ppl in the hallway, it's like the doors block absolutely no sound.. -The rollercoaster is one of the worst ways to spend your $14.. -Drinks at the bar was unnecessarily $$. A Corona for $8?? I know it's Vegas but goddamn!!. -Ultimately, it's a very meh hotel for Vegas.
Stayed here 6/24-6/26/11.. I didn't get the best room, but because I waited too long, I had to pay over 900 dollarsfor these two nights in their second cheapest room the "park avenue" room. That's what I get for being last minute.  The casino is okay, people make a huge deal about the huge slot machine and it's annoying to get to the Chrysler elevators, which are slow to pick you up even though there are six of them. . Room itself was next to the roller coaster which was fun to watch. . Cons-. -room occasionally smelt like sewage for some unknown reason.. -they pimp that zumanity crap everywhere even in my room's bathroom. -really really long hallways to get to your room. -their pizza in the food area made me sick but I have a sensitive stomach.. -frat guys yelling in the elevators (to be sadly expected at cheaper hotel like this). -maid carts always in the hallway empty and gross food carts left there forever. -I think the maid stole my shirt . . The shirt story-. Left a shirt in the closet, brand new from the Harley davidson shop.called them, they said our room had not been cleaned since we left and they would send someone to check the closets. They said their was no shirt there. Suspicious because it's not in my luggage or in the room where I left it, it must be in the maid's  closet now.... . Pros-. -it was open last minute. -beds didn't hurt my back . -room seemed clean enough. (even though there was toothpaste spit left on my sink). -tv was nice enough. -24 hour breakfast and room service (which I didn't try). -they had my favorite wheel of fortune secret spins slot machine. . If you stay here, don't leave anything behind, book in advance and have fun!
We stayed over the July 4th weekend in a standard room with two double beds. The room was pretty large and had a view (corner room). Staff was friendly.. . I wanted to give this hotel a four star, but the bathroom took one star out. While the room itself doesn't, the bathroom shows the age of the hotel. The sink is small and old. Cold & Hot water knobs were confusing!! We never got the right direction for opening and closing the knobs - LOL. I felt the bathtub was kind of odd with a heavy glass door, which was hard to open. The tub was deep so you'd have to bring your legs up. Otherwise you'll hit your knees with the door frame (ouch!). I like taking a bath, and am a bit picky about the tub.... . Our rate included two buffets per day at the sister group hotels. We tried MGM and Monte Carlo, and enjoyed the one at MGM:) WIFI and parking fees are included in the resort fee ($15/day). Bed was SUPER comfy!!! Five star matress!
Nice suite with in room spa. The beds are very comfortable like home. Room is big with it's own dining area,  living room, 2 TV,  Bose surround system and home like amenities. The bid thumb down is the awful cigarette smell.  My family and i had one year of our  life gone in smoke.    I recommend to this Hotel to smokers only and keep kids away from there.
Walked there for the roller coaster because I thought it was cool.........it was kinna short, I've seen better.
I had a decent time in NYNY. Their bars were awesome. . The main Times Square bar had dual pianos/karaoke nights which were a lot of fun.. . The rooms are just Ok. A bit small if you ask me an the location itself is not very central. Yes, you could take the monorail to wherever you need, however, getting to the monorail is a good 20min walk every time you need to go out. . They also have no poker rooms and you have to go to MGM to play. . . If you are looking for a fun hotel, NYNY might do it for you but if you're looking for something central that's reasonably priced, I'd recommend Flamingos.
The scenery in this hotel is awesome-- especially their little New York suburb area. In this hotel there's a sandwich shop that is a good deal if you're looking for something cheap and filling to eat. You get sandwich, chips and drinks for about $10 or less. The rooms here are alright. Of course New York themed. This is one of the newer hotels when it comes to the MGM brands. There is also a walk-way to Excalibur and MGM Grand. I went on the roller coaster back in the day when it first opened. Not the most thrilling coaster, but it's something fun to do. I would suggest doing it at night. . I've been to Rok Vegas in the hotel. It's a very small, bar/club. If you're a girl you get open bar until 11pm or so. Definitely not a place I would want to stay all night. Gambling here isn't the best. I feel like they don't have the best tables.
I've never actually stayed here, but I like it here. There is a lot to see and do. The casino has a wide variety of slots and other games.
A few years ago it seemed this hotel was pretty happening - not so much anymore. I stayed at a newer hotel this trip but thought I'd mosey on over and see how the blackjack tables were at NY NY. We also stopped by for dinner on a Friday night at Gallagher's and found we weren't missing anything.. . Well needless to say the venture was a waste of time. The place wasn't happenin' whatsoever on a Friday night nor a late Saturday afternoon. The bj dealer was super lame and was talking to the pit boss the whole time with a pretty full table. Guess the fun dealers are down the road at Cosmo.. . Just wanted to stop by and re-live the past...but as they say keep the past behind you.
The price was just too good, so we booked the hotel for one night. I don't think I will ever be curious about this hotel again.. . Check in was lovely. We got a free upgrade from a Skyline room to a Park Avenue room, which is very nice! So front desk service was ace. Too bad we got the wrong direction to the elevator we needed to go to, but hey, maybe the free upgrade was worth it. Or maybe. . . Going to our room was really annoying. When we got to our floor, it felt like endless turns to get to our room. I guess because the building is a funny shape, the hallways are built accordingly. Too bad that it's really annoying, but at least you won't get lost. You just feel like you're in an intestine, waiting for the relief that is your room.. . Rooms were decently clean. Bed was scratchy, and I just couldn't get comfortable. Very uncomfortable. I didn't sleep very well. In fact, I couldn't wait to wake up. This was very bad planning on my body's part, and because of this massive miscommunication, led to a not so fresh and energetic Hayne that was a little bit sick and required a littlehelp from Starbucks and Theraflu... the former which was thankfully and conveniently located in the hotel. . . Bathroom was big, but the tub was kind of gross because it didn't drain. By this time, we had just given up on the room and was grateful to check out and move on. . . Bartender service was a little unfriendly. I felt like because the bartender saw that we were Asian, that he could skimp on service. Um, no! I felt super uncomfortable at the bar and instantly regretted even going there!. . Also got a coupon booklet. Word of advice: get your jello shots from Fat Tuesdays. They're $1 and not... more than whatever they have the coupon for. Also, coupon for well drinks isn't really worth it. In fact, we just threw away our coupon book after thinking it over. There are lots of better deals out there that you can take advantage of. . . Overall? You get what you paid for. I'm glad I didn't pay full price for this joint, and I would stay here again if a good deal like this popped up again. I just wouldn't be looking forward to the clogged drain and the bed, and I wouldn't get my drink on here.
My husband and I have stayed here for our anniversary the past 3 years.  Overall, I enjoy this hotel.  Reasonably priced, and when I have had complaints about service they have been resolved (mostly) satisfactorily.  On this recent trip, I stopped at the desk the morning after I checked in to make sure that I was in the correct room type because it was so much smaller than the room's the previous years.  I was assured that I was in the correct room but that sometimes the room size varies because of the building architecture.  The desk clerk offered to move me to another "building" without my asking and the room we were moved to was much more what we were accustomed to.  However, one evening I slipped and fell in the Village Eateries area, and was informed that the hotel can't be held responsible for people spilling drinks.  Ummm?  Do you serve bleach water now?  Because that's what the puddle I slipped in was.. . The coffee shop that has some desserts available was awesome.  The desserts are delicious and they are reasonably priced. However, they aren't open very late, so if you want a post-show treat you're going to need to get it in advance and put it in your room on ice.. . Zumanity is a great show, and there are frequently deals on tickets.
I like this place.  Didn't stay, only gambled.  I really like the decor, inside and out.  Dunno what it is, I just think making the whole building look like the buildings of New York is a really smart idea.  Lots of places to eat and all kinds of gambling options.  Try the turkey burger at the Broadway Bar & Grill.  If you do, you'll be thanking me later.
Cool hotel on the south end of the strip, close to the newer hotels.  Decent prices
I stayed here this past Labour Day weekend with my boyfriend, as they offered us a complimentary stay. The room was clean and decently sized and the hotel is pretty constant with it's New York theming. It was cool to walk around and enjoy the shops and kinda get that "New York Feel". . My BIGGEST draw with this place is the walk from the tower elevators to my room. This could have been better planned out, for sure. It seems like there is only a set of elevators at the center of the building, meaning if you have a room at the END of  the building, the walk to your room can be slightly ridiculous.. . Props for having a roller coaster running around the building though. That's kinda cool, and the coaster is actually amazing to ride!
I spent Labor Day weekend with friends in Vegas and NYNY served as our homebase. The hotel itself is clean and well-attended with a nice variety of eateries, games, bars, and other standard casino fare. Self parking and valet are free. I opted to self park and parked on the roof of the garage and could see my ride from the room. Late checkout gives you an extra hour.. . The burger joint, steakhouse, and Italian restaurant are particularly delicious with excellent service and the Irish pub and center bar are fun and lively spots. I didn't ride the roller coaster, but heard it was good enough to not feel ripped off.. . The pool is nothing special, though cabanas are available to rent and I had the pleasure of relaxing by one. A flatscreen TV, fridge, outdoor fan, and plenty of lounge furniture made it an enjoyable intermission to the trip.. . Visit the spa before booking, if possible. It's not the luxury you might expect from a hotel spa off the strip, but still nice.. . Our room was situated in the New Yorker B tower, which overlooks the parking garage, roller coaster, and pool. The windows in this tower (and possibly others, too?) are quite small, allowing very little light into the room during the day. Lighting in the bathroom was also dim and water pressure somewhat weak. Our room had no fridge, but offered a safe and clock radio with iPod dock and a 40" flatscreen TV. Beds were moderately comfortable and extra pillows were provided. Free WiFi is available in all rooms.. . The connecting bridge to Imperial Palace is handy as it leads to the free tram travelling to Mandalay Bay, home to House of Blues. . . Overall, this hotel is fine in terms of cleanliness and convenience. I'd stay here again, but if you're looking for Vegas extravagance where you're immersed in the hotel theme down to the detail, look elsewhere.. . Room Tip: Some rooms are quite far from the elevators - if you have mobility limitations or fear the long walk an impossible chore after an evening of drink, request one close by!
It's an A-OK place to hang your hat after partying the night away. All the bars are really LOUD if you like that sort of thing. If not, you'll need to party at another hotel like we did. They have plenty of affordable eateries in the hotel when compared to most places on the strip.. . Our room was decent except for the fact that there was visible blood stains on the bedding. You can tell the sheets were washed, but my wife was having none of that, Fugetabboutit! We called housekeeping to change the bedding. The desk clerk didn't recognize this as a problem when reported at checkout since no financial accommodation was offered.. . I'm hoping the bedsheet thing was an aberration and would return if the price was right.
The hotel is in a great location on the strip and the rooms were nice. There are so many food options and the serve huge portions at an affordable price.  . . The pool area is small and the sports book is tiny! If you're interested in betting on sports and watching the game, be prepared to stand or go to the restaurant next door.
We came here just for the roller coaster....Boy o Boy  i didnt know it was going to be that painful, that was the most painful roller coaster EVER!!!! other than that it was really fun! I wouldnt mind it if the top restraint wasnt so hard...maybe they can improve it with some cushions so your head and neck dont smash in the restraints as hard...
We pulled in at 2am and all they had left were smoking rooms. My friend was tired so we decided not to shop around.... . The front desk lady was pleasant and offered to change our room if it was too smoky. The room is pretty nice I guess... Big tv, nice view... I expected more but then again it was my first time in Vegas. I thought the hotels were supposed to be nicer/fancier. . . The valet/luggage service was pretty swift and they got our bags up to the room shortly after we got situated. We ended up going downstairs to their restaurant (American?) and I had a 3AM steak dinner and a lovely cocktail aptly named "all-nighter". The service and the food were both good and I left a happy camper. I shouldn't have stayed downstairs to gamble (only getting about 2 hrs of sleep) but hey, when in Vegas...
My first time to Vegas. We stayed here. What to say what to say.... . First be ready to be tricked into staying in the casinos hours on end.. No clocks in sight. You are unable to see exits and entrances without asking a million people and walking for ever. Free drinks, yep, so you keep gambling, No windows, so you can tell how long you'v been there. No cell reception in the rooms and wifi is a joke. TV channels are also a joke.  Ok that said, its probably standard for Vegas, i'm sure that's how they make their money.. . The Good, pillows and beds were comfy. Bathroom clean. Lots of restaurants to choose from. Located conveniently near MGM Grand and Excalibur. I did win big on one of the slot machines my second night so that's a plus. My friend stayed in a penthouse. Beautiful, spacious, great balconies, and 3 televisions with DVD players (I couldn't even rent one from the front desk).. . The Bad, A long rough walk to Venetian. WiFi is a joke. One night water was shut off until 6 am... yeah, either hold it or go to Casino, what do you know, the water works fine down there. Housekeeping cleaned my room while I watched TV, tired from walking, and had the balls to steal my heels right out of the bathroom. i had them on the sink to clean the heels from night before.... I had just put them there and they vanished. Hotel didn't care. Carpets are kind of grimy. $15 a night resort fees ugh.. . The GREAT: Zumanity is shown in the hotel AMAZING show. Front row tix are over $100 but guests of the hotel get 2 for $100.
Room is pretty decent, customer service is horrible, OMG, those people look n acted like they hated their jobs, apart from that it is in a very convinient place near everything, n it had almost everything we needed
Very interesting hotel. The lay is is just as interesting. Usually hotel have 3 to 4 long hall ways. This hotel has long halls that go left and right and back to right then left. hahaha. . . If you plan to party hard and sleep in at this hotel, think again. The roller coaster starts up in the morning and that's all you're going to here when you're trying to find off the red-eye.
As a native New Yorker who no longer lives there, this place was a little creepy. Walking from self-parking down into the casino, if you stop to use the restroom, you'll see signs for "Central Park" and "Bryant Park", which was a bit surreal. On the casino floor we walked through areas which felt like mini/Hollywood versions of the village. We parked here first before walking around to Excalibur and Mandalay Bay, and we walked over the "Brooklyn Bridge" on our way there. I can't say I'm a fan of the fake NYC stuff, the fake Arc De Triumph and Eiffel Tower at Paris; it just creeps me out.. . The casino floor was pretty nice though. Later we came back to eat and do some slots before heading over to Penn and Teller, and ate at the Bar at Times Square. For the strip, they had a good happy hour: $5 drinks and 50% of food, which meant $7.50 cheeseburgers and fries. The kitchen messed up the hubby's burger order, and the bartender was very nice about getting a new one and comped us one drink. They were very nice, and the food was pretty good. And most of the other HH's we saw were drinks only.. . So: creepy, nice floor, good HH at the Bar at Times Square! Kinda wish we had done Zumanity too, looked cool!
NYNY is a pretty average Vegas strip hotel.  I enjoy it more than, say, Excalibur across the street, but much less than a place like Cosmopolitan nearby.  Other than the novelty of the mini Statue of Liberty, there's not much draw here.
I wonder if this is what the real New York feels like.... . Comments on casino and roller coaster only, not hotel. . . The casino itself is worth a walk through. It looks like pictures of new york. A cool concept. The dealers were hit and miss (ha!) with friendliness, let it ride was a hit, roulette was a miss. . . The roller coaster, which I seem to recall was $7 per ride, was pretty intense! Really. It was frightening because we were stalled at the bottom for a good 5 minutes before it started working. The ride itself was fun but intense, not for the weak of stomach. . . The casino has a dirty feel, "dirty new york" feel. I haven't been to New York. Maybe it's a clean place, but I've watched enough TV to believe it is a dirty place. Like this hotel.
It seems like New York-New York is best suited for the younger, college-age crowd because I remember liking it a lot more many years ago compared to my most recent visit.  Their biggest plus for me is that they location has easy access to the Excalibur, Mandalay Bay, Luxor, and Monte Carlo.  It's also convenient that they they they have a lots of food options but a lot of it is also carnival-type, junk food.  The roller coaster in front of the hotel is a nice novelty but the ride itself is very bumpy and jerky.  They have a big arcade whichis fun but just like slots, you'll drop a bit of money playing the games.  One of the biggest drawbacks is that it's very smoky which is pretty much a deciding factor for my decision to stay in the future.  Also, the rooms didn't seem that great.  I stayed in the suite that's one step down from the  penthouse suite.  I expected it to be grand but was mostly disappointed.  The highlight of the room was the big hot tub with jets in the bedroom.  That was awesomely relaxing and felt decadent but it was really loud.  The room was kind of awkwardly arranged so that there was a lot of wasted unusable space.  The fixtures in the bathroom looked a bit dated and old.  I liked that they had complimentary drinks (sodas and water) in the frige but they were all Pepsi products (which I'm not a fan of).  The large curved couch in the living room was comfy but I questioned the cleanliness of the room when a single dirty sock and glasses were found under the couch.  Also, the room was adjacent to the roller coaster so we could hear people screaming as they were riding the coaster well into the night.  Overall I think I've outgrown New York-New York.
I'm not a big fan of NYNY, mostly because of the crowds that it pulls in (it feels like Jersey people that come to Las Vegas and claim they are actually from New York). When it's less busy I don't mind it; I like the roller coaster and have had good times at Nine Fine Irishmen. The rooms are nothing to write home about, but the prices are pretty reasonable and I feel like you get about what you should expect for the rates here.. .  I'll say that they do take care of their frequent gamblers here better than a lot of other places. My mother and her friends have stayed for free a number of times because of time that their husbands have put in at the tables. . .  All in all I can't say that it makes my list of favorite places, but I do appreciate the way they handle their regulars. There are better places to stay in Las Vegas, but there are also much worse.
I never thought of New York New York as a super nice hotel, but we just had an amazing time there! We were upgraded to a much better, corner suite with the Jacuzzi which we really appreciated. I really liked that the hotel has an option of earlier check-in (even if it's for additional $20). Also nobody tried to kick us out of the room on the day we were leaving, and we were able to have a lazy morning and leave the room around 1pm (the check-out is at 11).. . Love their quick eats option - a bunch of tiny cafes and restaurants where you can grab something quick and cheap to eat.. . One thing that I absolutely hate about Vegas hotels is how full of smoke the main floor area always is. It sucks that you have to pass through the stinky area and breathe in second hand smoke every time you go in and out of the hotel. Right now it is just an annoyance, but staying in such hotels would be out of the question as soon as I'll have kids. I understand that the hotel doesn't want to ban smoking completely, but they should at least separate smoking and non smoking areas, otherwise they will start loosing customers.
Cool! It's like a mini NY outside this hotel. It's cute~ Inside it's very NY themed. I liked their mini jelly bean sculture of the Statue of Liberty. There's also a roller coaster that you can pay to ride outside. I wonder if it's noisy for the guests. It's a new hotel so it's very clean and nice looking.
I didn't actually stay here but I did hang out in my friends room for awhile and it was pretty standard. The room lacked character and didn't have anything to separate it from a standard chain room. .          That being said I had a pretty good time in the casino portion. I got to try some of the locally brewed Vegas beers at one of the bars (it was called 441, I think), play a few games at the giant video arcade (what can I say I'm and 80's child at heart) and I even got a giant slice of pizza & a beer for $7. All in all not a bad afternoon. However, the casino/restaurant portion looks very dated and needs a little make over. .      Overall, I wouldn't hesitate to stay here if I found some sort of deal, but I wouldn't go out of my way to target it.
We booked the penthouse and found out that there are many many different layouts for the penthouses and the one you get is not guaranteed. So anybody who sees the videos on YouTube or the pictures on their site, trust me they don't all look like that & some are a lot smaller than the one they advertise. I tried calling in a few days before to ask them to block me into one of the penthouses with the balcony and every person I spoke to was unhelpful and sort of robotic about their speeches. I felt like nobody really wanted to help me.. . At check in I was really nervous that we'd get the small penthouse. I needed the large one because I was having a gathering in there and needed room for my guests. We were so lucky to have Daylinda as our check in agent because she was so helpful and patient! We got checked in to the penthouse called "The Ritz" and while it was nice it wasn't what we were looking for. I went back to the desk and saw Daylinda again to see if she could help us out. She offered another option to us and let us go up to see it before we made our decision. We ended up LOVING "The Regency" penthouse. Very spacious & wide open. My boyfriend tipped her for being so accommodating. We really appreciated her help!. . The penthouse easily fit a lot of guests. The jacuzzi tub is the very best I've seen in Las Vegas. We had a nice view of MGM out of the bedroom and of the Excalibur out of the living room. Also if you have an iPhone or iPod, they have a docking station with speakers set up in the ceilings of every room including the bathrooms. Party mode is awesome it plays the music EVERYWHERE! The only thing I didn't like was there was no microwave. It's a penthouse it should at least have that (other models do).. . . Room: 4.5 stars (very nice but could use microwave). Service:2 stars (this includes everybody I spoke with except Daylinda). Price: 3 stars (you easily get money's worth but it entirely depends on the luck of the draw with the penthouse you get assigned to. It really shouldn't be the same price for such huge differences in size. I would have gladly payed more to guarantee the larger one). Daylinda: 5 stars (she deserves a raise!). . Overall: 3.6 it could be a good experience if you're lucky like we were, but there are a lot of chances of a letdown. You won't beat the price but is it worth the risk ??
We were in and out of NYNY to pick up tickets, then see a show.  We did have dinner and wander around a bit.  The place was crowded and perhaps that was due to the narrow pedestrian channels. It had a fun vibe, but we preferred the Palazzo's ambiance.
Love this Casino.... . . I walked around and felt as if I was walking in the streets of New York City...!. . The roller coaster ride is pretty intense, you must try it at least once..!!. . I love the huge arcade full of all sort of games...! It was super fun..!
This place is awesome.  I've stayed here a lot because they give the best comps and deals.  I do wish I wouldn't find issues each time but I always do.. . Invited guest line is supposed to be VIP treatment yet they only have 1 rep working at a time.  My last stay there I had to wait 20 min for the guest in front of me to finish strangling the reps throat about the best deal for 1 more night.  I could've gone through the normal line 5 times if I tried and wouldn't have missed the first 2 rounds of a prelim UFC fight if it weren't for this.  Anyways talk about bad checkin service as the IG line wasn't even open to checkin the time before that.. . Also on my most recent trip the people in the room next to us seem to just be blasting music all night and it took 3 calls over a 45 min period before the security finally showed up to enter and quiet them down.  It was 4 in the morning and the music was so loud they couldn't even hear him knocking. It shouldn't take any calls for these people to be quoted down.  Some places just need a "room off" button for disturbances in the middle of the night.. . Besides this last trip most of my experiences are really good and if the deals keep coming I will definitely go back as long as there aren't any repeats checkin hogs or midnight rappers.
Tres sympa de l'exterieur,un peu plus decevant de l'interieur, mais qui est tres sympa quand meme, un bar "Coyote ugly' comme a NY, des tables de jeu de partout, du Las Vegas pur quoi!!!
I am giving this casino 3 stars purely based off of the free entertainment that we saw while visiting!. The casino is not "winner friendly" so no need to stop at the tables.  The bars were crowded and of course, overpriced.  We strolled through the casino and were headed for the door when we saw a hot dancer dancing on a platform between some slot machines.  She was beautiful, very 'Vegas-like'.  Then a Michael Jackson impersonator emerged on stage!  He was awesome!!  'Michael" danced with the dancer and covered the songs perfectly!  A ticket worthy show!. I wouldn't return to gamble but I'd return to see Michael again!
Stayed here for one night over 4th of July. It was a decent room, no complaints. Solid hotel, but I prefer a bit more upscale. Lots to do and places to eat downstairs.
Not so impressed with this hotel. It is overpriced in my opinion for the service. There is not much to do in the hotel. The restaurants aren't that good. The furniture in the rooms is very boring, and looks old. The roller coaster is very fun! But that is probably the only part of the hotel I really enjoyed.
I came into NYNY all kinds of ready to HATE. For some reason I expected it to feel all kinds of greeeeazy and naaaasty (like what I imagine Excalibur to be like). But since I only came to Vegas to party, sleep, then party again, NYNY did us right. Our room was clean and spacious enough for 3 people (got the step above the cheapest type of room---BALLERS! haha!).. . Pluses: . - Didn't get kicked out even after a baguette throwing incident in the cafe downstairs AND a few knocks on the door re: noise. Yay!. - We got a cheap-ish room booking on the EDC website. - No embarrassment walking the casino post-EDC, all weekend long. - Center-ish to the strip. - Clean sheets/ pillows. . Minuses:  . - Check-in was RIDIC on EDC/ Pacquiao weekend. ALL of the MGM computer systems WENT DOWN on a few nights! W...t...f.... - Rude-ass food court workers!. . Would I stay again? Probably not. For doin' it cheap 'n dirty in Vegas, Flamingo still has my heart...
The New York, New York is a wonderful safe haven from heat when trying to walk from the MGM Grand to CVS.  The only down side is, well, it could have just been the time of day we were there, but the drink attendants are not nearly as attentive as at MGM.. . Other than that, I enjoyed my time here, really like fact that it's not overcrowded, and there's a couple of good restaurants in there!
The staff was polite. We were assigned a room that we discovered had someone else in it already. That was corrected quickly enough. The excitement of the casino was fun. Lots of people on the 4th of July. No coffee in the room. The towels smelled of cigarette smoke, nice shower though. The decor is current and the big screen TV was nice. The view from room 3026 is amazing at night time. All in all it was pleasant enough.
If you come to NYNY, you must greet the bobbleheads in the front and then make your way to the alcohol slushie bar and get yourself a freaking 70 ouncer.. . Yes, I said it. A 70 OUNCE SLUSHIE DRINK WITH ALCOHOL. Clearly I did not finish it or else I would be drunk for the rest of my life. But it's one of those things that you must try at least once.
Very nice hotel and rooms. I would say it is more for a family type of environment. But the location is perfect. Right in the middle of the strip. The Irish Pub was also good. I did not like the Italian restaurant. The service was horrible, there was an older guy there that had no communication skills and barely said anything. Food was ok as well. The Burger place is awesome and delicious! Checking in and out was ok. Computers were down and it would've been nice if someone would've said something rather than stand in line for over 30 mins when I could've checked my luggage and roamed around until they came back on... Overall the hotel is decent.. rooms were nice.
This hotel is alright. Pretty good price but kinda old. The concierge did not under stand why I wanted a room with two-queens when I was the only person staying in my room. Why did they not understand that my alternative personalities needed their own bed?? . . There are some restaurants down stairs that stay open fairly later but once again, very old looking. Also, you hear intense shrieking every 5 minutes from the roller coaster RIGHT OUTSIDE the window. Also the iPod player does not work (we just want to listen to 90's pop!!!) and why is the clock wrong????? . . Since the price was comparable to many other hotels on the strip, I'm not impressed. Also, my friend brought animal stickers which I was totally excited about but half of them were gone, HUGE DISSAPOINTMENT. . . I might stay here again.
Love this hotel and most of the staff here.  . . Roller Coaster Review: As a New Yorker I know that sometimes you come across the wrong people and their attitudes on daily basis. But, this time I got one after another from the roller coaster staff.  The older woman was my first encounter and then followed by the gentlemen boarding the passengers on the ride.  Finally, the guy standing behind the counter was too busy on his cell phone to pull up the proper photo with me in it.  Really, you guys need to get it together!!!
Nice enought place.  Very busy place. Great for groups wanting to have fun in Vegas.
I've always wanted to stay here ever since I was a little girl, but always got around to staying at other hotels. All I can really say about this place is that once you stay here, you've stayed here and there's really no incentive to go back. . . One thing I did not like is that when you call to make reservations, you have to pay for the room up front, NOT pay for it when you arrive. Cardholder must be present with the actual card. If you use your bank card, they have to take $100 deposit, which I thought was bullshit. Then I was told that it takes between 5 to 7 days to be refunded that $100 if you don't use any of the room service, etc. . . We were given our room keys (hotel attendant was extremely nice and professional) and went up to the 23rd floor to our room. Something I don't understand is that they have separate elevators for floors 1-30 and a completely separate elevator for floors 3-38. Maybe to divert traffic? Who knows. It was just a pain in the ass to have to take our elevator to the 3rd floor and then get in the other elevator to go up to the 31st floor to visit our friends in their suite. . . We got up to our room and our rooms keys didn't work, not only that, but it sounded like the room was occupied because the tv was on very loudly. It was such an inconvenience to have to go all the way down to the lobby to have to see what was going on. . . The same hotel attendant helped us and apologized for the inconvenience but offered no comp whatsoever. I still feel that the maids were just hanging out in the room. When we got up there, the tvs were on, but they were on very low volume. A far cry from how loud they were 15 minutes prior. The attendant then called our room and told us that we were comped the ridiculous $20 something resort fee.. . The suite was gorgeous, I thoroughly enjoyed it. It was nice for the price we got it for for just a night. I just wished the spa tub (that had whirlpool jets) had been in a place where we could have looked out to see the Vegas lights. That would have been awesome. We had a mini bar, two tvs, a killer place for me to do my makeup. The only things that sucked, the windows were tinted green, they barely had any toiletries, the water pressure in the shower SUCKED, the air was recycled, and the bed was extremely uncomfortable. . . Now for the actual casino part. I loved that this casino was not a smokey mess. I wasn't coughing and gagging profusely. My husband enjoyed the slot machines until it was time to call an attendant over, which took almost a good hour. This place has like four places to eat, two or three shops to shop in, and they offer one show. Oh, and an arcade and a roller coaster. Other than that, they have nothing special to offer Vegas goers. . . The receipt that they send to your email if you do the express checkout is so hard to read. From the looks of it, it looks like they over charged me and then comped me the entire stay. I still need to give their customer service a call so I can confirm the charges that they made on my card. I did, after all, not sign for a few of those charges.. . Like I said before, once you've stayed here, you've stayed here. Time to venture off to another hotel on the Vegas strip.
Good casino, good food options, fun bars, just go.
The restaurants are great, I've never stayed in a room here but I like the shops, I don't recommend going to ESPN restaurant because they put a limit on how long you stay at a table...literally they told me I need to spend a certain amount of money each hour in order for me to stay and watch the games...really??? I told the lady all I wanted to do was sit, eat and watch baseball...I don't want watch the clock and time my food patterns...
So hard to rate/review hotels since there's so many positive and negatives based on experience.  The positives are something of a perk.  The negatives are due to inconvenience or experience.  So here's my list.. . Positives:. - Cheap room rates!. - Plenty of food options (Food Court). - Cheap tables (BJ/Craps/Roulette). - New Beds!  So damn comfortable!  . - Parking structure is fairly close to the lobby.. . Negatives:. - Non peak weekend and our rooms were located in a smoking tower.. - It was either way too warm in our room or too frickn cold!  They need to go digital on the thermostats.. - Our room was close to the Roller Coaster....  Thicker glass please!  I have sensitive ears when Im hungover in the morning and I hear the roller coaster with people screaming.  =). - Everyone won money but me!  Better to lose hundreds at a game than to spend it all on a stripper.....  So I've heard..... lol!
*on the marginal side of awesome vegas style but OK. *pretty cheesy, literally, cheese pizzza, hot dogs and kinda fast foodie. *the DJ and mini rave in the bar were strangely cool
I enjoyed my stay. It was pretty on-par with its peers on the strip. The dining was enjoyable; I ate at Greenberg's sandwich shop, Chin Chin, and America Restaurant. Separate review for those.. . Overall it was a great, stress-free stay. The hotel is in a great location, easy to get to. MGM and m&m factory are just across the street. I didn't ride the rollercoaster but it looked like a lot of fun.
I don't know if I ever stayed at this hotel but I always go here for restaurants and the piano bar. It's a fun place to walk around and the dueling pianos is lots of fun with a group of people.
Pros: Cheap. We paid about $400 per person for round trip airfare plus 4 nights stay. You can't beat a price like that. Good Location - across from the MGM Grand and next to some of the best hotels and Casinos on the strip, such as the Aria, Cosmopolitan, etc. Nice casino - small, but good blackjack tables, and if you go early enough in the morning only $5. . . Cons: They didn't have a king bed available when we checked in. Frustrating, but they upgraded us to a strip view room with two queens and we managed. Maid service forgot to come twice. This was sort of shocking to us. The first time it happened I complained as it was 4pm and the room had not been cleaned. The next day it happened again and I was very surprised. Eventually they fixed the problem.. . Cant really say too much good stuff or bad stuff about this place. Overall the rooms are very standard, the type of thing you'd find at a Hilton or Marriott. Very basic. Clean. And there were enough little bars and restaurants to keep you busy if you wanted to stay in instead of going out. I wouldn't stay here again but I'd go back to gamble!
Of all the times I've been to Vegas, I have never entered this establishment.  So thanks to a special player rate promotion offer, I decided to gave this place a try since we decided to take the kids on this Vegas trip and figured they should have a kid friendly area with the coaster they have there.  When we arrived to check in, the front desk staff were very nice and friendly.  I was told that our room was quite far from the elevators, but I can call the next morning to have them change rooms for me.  What really stopped me from giving this place a 4 star was the actual walk to our room from the elevators.  It was a bit confusing with so many twists and turns just to get to our room.  It really felt life forever to just get to our room.  The lady that checked us in wasn't kidding about being far from the elevators.  The rooms were small, but clean.  Another reason for the 3 stars was the TV.  We had issues with the signal and the channels went black, so that was a bummer.  At least the wifi was working (comes with the resort fee), so the kids had something to keep them busy while we were in our room.  The next morning we were able to get a room closer to the elevator, so our next day stay was a little better.   The TV worked fine in the beginning, but we ended up having the same signal issue as the last room later on that night.. . Another pet peeve that I had was the cocktail service when I was at the tables.  While I was the table to kill some time before dinner, it took a while for someone to come by to take drink orders and when the girl finally came and I placed my order, she never came back with my drink!  I was sitting there for a good hour since my order and was so bummed that I didn't get my drink before I had to leave for dinner.. . The kids seemed to enjoy themselves when we took them to the arcade here.  I think I'm just spoiled by my stay from places like the Palazzo to Encore, so NYNY wasn't impressive to me.  But honestly, in comparison to Luxor... it's way better and the prices aren't going to leave a hole in your pockets for a night stay.
Overall good, Lack of a buffet we could find left us hungry, but the America restaurant was fine. Resort fee of 18 dollars, we used the internet, but if we didn't, it would be a rip off. lots of food options, not too kid friendly though. The arcade sucked balls..most games are a dollar, and the few we played were all broke, I don't let my son play the games where you drop money to win tickets, its encouraging gambling at a young age...:-(  ok room size, I prefer South point though compared to NY/NY
First time there as an Mlife member and don't think I'll go back. Requested for a crib when i booked the rooms months in advance. Upon arrival reminded them about the crib. still no crib arrived to the room. Called and asked about the crib and was told the hotel does not uses crib anymore so there's none. "Linda" said "mam we no longer have cribs and I don't know when you requested it because we stopped using cribs a long time ago." She offered me a roll out bed with six pillows and 4 blankets to use as a crib for a 9 month old. I relent and said ok. . . Well housekeeping showed up with 6 pillows and 4 blankets in a damn crib. He was using the crib as a carrier to transport the stuff. I asked about cribs he said they have tons and gave me the one he had. . . The other experience was my daughter asked for a late check out and they said yes. I asked for one they said no. I offered to pay the fee and Cecilia still said no. So I ask to speak to her manager who immediately came on thephone and gave me late check out without a fee since I'm a Mlife member. . . This place is getting to be a dump!
I stayed here on my last trip to Vegas for the first time and am hesitant to say whether or not it will be my last. I'll admit I love the set-up of the casino and was very happy that my significant other (who swore up and down he wouldn't like Vegas) loosened up while wandering the mini street replicas of a city he really does love. Yet despite the friendly service at guest registration and the casino's atmosphere I was less than pleased with the room itself. The beds were comfortable enough, everything was in working order, the setup desirable, and things seemed clean.. however there was broken glass in one area of the room and upon further inspection I do not see how this room could have been vacuumed before our arrival. When calling our complaint in we were apologized to and told it would be cleaned right away. Well, it wasn't and since I didn't want to spend my time on the phone growing frustrated (I save that for calling my internet company) we just avoided that area of the room -- the entire time. . . Okay okay, so perhaps we should have called again. Maybe two peoples mistake  (the person who didn't vacuum and the person who didn't send someone to clean it up) was not worth knocking an entire hotel/casino down despite the fact that the hotel is supposedly four stars. Well, I'll give you that.. but I have another complaint too! Upon our arrival we were informed that since we were staying at the hotel we could get 20% off tickets to see Zumanity, the Cirque du Soleil show available at NewYork-NewYork. We had planned on seeing a show to begin with so the proposed deal somewhat swayed our decision. After walking the strip we decided to just go with Zumanity and headed back, found ourselves in line, and then waited to be greeted by a less than charming woman behind the box office. No 20% off apparently, that was only for certain days of the week. (Alright, fine.) But, as we asked questions about the show to make sure we were making the right choice we were privvy to annoyed responses. Look lady, I'm not some cheapskate but registration told us the show was AWESOME and also told us we could get 20% off. Since one was a lie I want to make sure the other one wasn't as well. After realizing I wasn't going to get anywhere with this woman we just took our chances and purchased the tickets. . . Ugh, I suppose I wouldn't completely write this hotel/casino off but I will definitely look elsewhere before booking here again. There are just too many options to have to deal with these types of scenarios.
dislike the area of the lower floor food court, very slippery. the ride was amazing! kinda sad they dont have that many rides. i love the $5 min roulette
I stayed here for a few days in late 2011 for a work trip.. . Pros: lots of food options; parking's easy to get in/out of; room was nice.. . Cons: can be hard to find your way around inside; especially since its primary function is to be a casino.
Not bad for the price - but not too great either.  My biggest pet peeve was the bathroom - no fan, no window - thats just not right.  Staff was very friendly and was accommodating to some special requests that I had.  Food in the restaurants was pretty good, and I am a VERY selective eater.  NYNY draws a mixed crowd - the occasional drunken group from Excalibur that I could do without, and a few early morning jackass drunkards - but yes, you are in Vegas.. . SIDE NOTE - the 'free' wifi is paid for by the RESORT fee which is not included in the room rate.  Also included is gym access but most people in that place have never found it.
4 night stay....I would return.. I had the standard room...Try to get a room near the elevators, or you will be walking forever.  Smoking floors available if you smoke.  The bathrooms are a good size and there are plenty of towels. Beds are super comfy.  The room service is excellent as well as the restaurants downstairs.  The drink prices are super high!!  Pour 24 was a nice bar/good bartenders.
We didn't stay at New York New York, but walked around to see what the hotel had to offer. It had an old New York type of style to it. The shops looked like sections of Manhattan & the casino was pretty good. They have an arcade and roller coaster, which is much higher than it appears. The Brooklyn Bridge replica on the outside is nice, as well as the Statue of Liberty. The outside of the hotel does need updating.
This review is for the deli.  Service was good.  Had the matzo ball soup which wasn't so good.  Chicken flavor was missing in the broth. Other reviews indicated just like homemade but it wasn't.
We often pay a visit to New York New York whenever we're on the prowl in Sin City. The resort offers a fine assortment of dining options and the casino is busy, but not unenjoyable.. . I've never stayed at NYNY, so this review is based solely on casual visits and gambling runs at the property. I'm a machine player, not tables, so this casino has always been appealing in that it really is machine-heavy. NYNY seems to always have new machines as soon as they come available as well, and a fine assortment of old favorites on tap, including some really old ones near the bathroom next to the casino escalators.. . There is a midway upstairs and a roller coaster at this property, so DO expect a fair amount of family traffic here; it's not Circus Circus or Excalibur status when it comes to kids, but you will see them here. The coaster is something I haven't been on in over a decade; we rode it the night NYNY opened in 1997 (we drove from Orange County to Vegas and arrived at about 3am, just hours after the resort's midnight opening) and once was enough; nothing special, and now, it is VERY expensive. No thanks.. . During our last trip in January, we ate dinner at the resort's Mexican restaurant, Gonzalez Y Gonzalez and LOVED it! Can't speak highly enough of the food quality (see my review under that business) and freakin YUMMY drinks! Go there and enjoy!. . NYNY is within walking distance of the south end of the Strip, although Luxor and Mandalay Bay or Hooters may be a bit of a hike for some. It is right next door to Monte Carlo and across the street from Excalibur and MGM Grand; great location, and definitely worth a visit! It's changed a lot since opening day, but still has its New York theme mostly intact. One thing you won't find here are a lot of video poker machines on the floor; this casino is mostly catering to slot machines of other types (yes, VP is considered part of the slot family, but that confuses people) such as Lord of the Rings, Goldfish and Sex in the City.. . Good luck!
cool place and fun atmosphere. gallaghers restaurant is DELISH and coyote ugly is fun if you like that sort of thing
For being one of the older Hotel/Casinos on the strip, The NY NY is holding its own.. Its always plenty busy, which I assume is due to their fair prices for both food/drinks as well as descent hotel rates.. It's location is good and the restaurants are set up like at the Paris with a mini old school NY feel to it.. Always worth a walk through, not the nicest but not the worst.. I do think its getting time for a facelift though, its looking a bit darkn and worn out in there.
We stayed three nights here, ate at Il Fornail and gambled.. . THE GOOD:. . Great location if you are driving from the airport.  Easy off and on from the freeway!  Close to MGM, Monte Carlo, Excalibur and Luxor, plus you can catch the tram across the street.  The Canyon store across the street also has a big selection of alcohol and lots of nic nacs you might need that you forgot at home.  Close to Ross Store too if you need clothes while you are there!  Easy walk to Bellagio for the light show and the many other hotels and shopping down the strip.. . We got upgraded from the Park room to the Madison room which was roomier and very nice.  They were out of Strip views but we got a great room on the 28/29 floors with a great view anyway.. . The matresses were very comfortable!. . Free newspaper each day at the little store near the exit to the parking garage.. . All the staff I dealt with was very friendly.  I never came across anybody with attitude or rudeness.. . Free wi-fi included with the resort fee (see resort fee under THE BAD).. . Check-in as quick on a Wednesday night but each time I passed by the line was always much shorter than what I have experienced at Excalibur and MGM.. . THE BAD:. . Our room the first night was next to some up-all-night party goers... it was so noisy and the hub did not sleep very well.  We asked for a new room the next night and the people next to us were not as noisy but they were still loud and noisy, just not up all night!  The walls are too thin if you get the adjoining rooms.  As for rooms that don't adjoin and that might be better.. . There is a $20 resort fee (typical I think of all the hotels on the strip) per night so even if you have comped room you still pay the resort fee.  They did tell me at the check-in that if you play enough, you can use your comps to offset the resort fee.. . We asked for a cork screw and wine glasses and there was a $5 fee for each plus a delivery fee added on from room service!!!!  OUCH!. . I did not win any money on the slot machines but it was fun and they did let me play for a while.... . Overall a good visit and I might return if I find another good deal!
One of the grittier hotels on the strip, I've never booked a room here, but I did stop by for a roller coaster ride. While a fun idea, it's one of those things you do once just to say you did and never have the desire to repeat ever again. Rides aren't as fun when the sides of the shoulder restraints play pong with your head. That might be an exaggeration, but it was by no means a smooth ride. NYNY roller coaster - check. Next.. . I do appreciate the reasonably priced and simple food available. NYNY had a few smaller spots perfect for just a quick bite in between your extravagant $50 brunch and four dollar sign steakhouse dinner found at other casinos. I just can't justify dropping $20 on some chicken strips. I had some chili cheese fries at a cost that wasn't ridiculously inflated.. . The casino (and pretty much this general area of the Strip) could sure use a bit of a face-lift, but I enjoyed the time I spent there, though it was a very short visit.
Compared to the nicer hotels on the strip this one has earned itself 3 stars. But as far as getting what you pay for, NYNY isn't bad. The room and bathroom were clean and the beds were comfortable. There just isn't much extra floor space in the rooms (in rooms with two double beds), few tv channels, and static on some channels that were available. . . The food options seem good although I didn't try any and there is a lot to do as far as slots and casino activities. The pool was small and there isn't much going on there. There is no coffee, fridge, or minibar in the rooms. For a cheap trip I would stay here again.
will i come back again, probably, will need to think abut it.. . . Cons: Muppet at front desk added up our iniial room fee wrong by over $600 what a mess. rectified though. You pay $20 to have access to wifi its a resort fee, not great. should be covered in room fee etc. bathroom so so, the showers are old and a bit out dated, but clean so not all bad.. tv channels or lack there of, alot were locked out.. cigarette smoke in our room, even though it was none smoking..unacceptable.. . Pros. the reason i gave it 3 stars where it really should have been 2, was the room service. room servie was great, goodfood big portions, nice staff.. great view of roller coaster and vegas. good eaterys down in casino. pool was good a few hot chicks down there, always welcome!. beds soooo comfy, lookin at buying the same bed for home!. chin chin breaky super good. looks great outside the hotel
I have stayed at New York New York twice now, and the feel of it has significantly changed over the years.  I first stayed here 10 years ago, and thought it was one of the nicer hotels on the strip at the time.  When I recently visited, it felt so worn and outdated.  It just hasn't aged well.  Not only does New York New York feel old, but many of the surrounding hotels are newer or more recently renovated.. . New York New York is an average place to stay at on the strip.  It is a 'no frills' type of place, with not a lot of fun stuff to do and lacking in attractions.  The best thing about New York New York is Zumanity, which is an awesome show!  Besides a few places to eat and a fairly small casino, there are not that many fun things to do here.  If you want a place on the strip to sleep at night, New York New York serves that purpose.  If you want a happening place with lots going on, I would suggest looking elsewhere.
Third trip to the Strip. A decent room with good space. Not quite the view. Back end of Monte Carlo for us on rhw 15th floor. Not a seperate shower. Pros lots of small deli and eateries.
Stayed here for my first trip to Vegas this past weekend. I have no big complaints but I didn't spend much time outside of sleeping here. The atmosphere is pretty cool. The donut shop is really good and of course Nathan's. Didn't get a chance to ride the rollercoaster sadly, next time for sure. We had a smoking room but it was really clean and nice. I am super sensitive to smoke and didn't smell anything. My only complaint is how loud the cleaning staff is and when we first checked in we had to ask for a blanket but everyone who worked here was really nice. I want to try other places but would stay here again.
Review is for casino only:. . It's been awhile since I've been in New York New York.  I went today to pick up a ticket for Zumanity and I was reminded about the convoluted walk from the garage to the theatre.  I wish I had remembered the two short cuts which would have made my trek more pleasant.  Having said that, it was fun to see the tourist in its grazing area.  In fact, some were just standing there acting like they had a laser sight aimed at them and they were frozen in position.  Get out of my way, you dolt!. . I made it to the theatre without too much difficulty but then I waited.  They were understaffed and they also had a customer who needed to make a phone call to find out about a lost reservation booked through her airline.  That kept that agent from helping others for awhile until the agent handed the phone through the bars and let the woman talk directly to the people with whom she had to get the problem resolved.. . Ten minutes later, the woman is still on the phone and I make it to the window where she is.  The NY NY rep was a pure delight.  She found the ticket in the system with my confirmation number and she had me on my way in less than two minutes.  And, I took the shortcut back to the garage.. . As for the casino and the areas in it, I always liked the vibe of this casino.  The New York theme, the restaurants, the food court--it all goes into making this place OK in my book in spite of the tourists (we have to love them--they pay so much in taxes)!. . I'll be back in August for Zumanity.
Ok so this review maybe half ass but that's all I got in the short time of going through this hotel. The only reason that I entered this place was because I saw the roller coaster on top from the strip and I'm a HUGE roller coaster fan(I mean if there's a coaster I'm gonna ride it, maybe twice in a row). The outside of the hotel kind of resembles the NYC skyline, which is cool to take a pic in front of across the street. Once I entered making my way to the coaster, the place just looked like most of the other budget friend hotels around the strip(slot machines and old retired folks). Finally made our way to the coaster and it was pretty decent, smooth with good amounts of turn and loops but nothing mind blowing. Definitely worth a ride if on the strip. But then again I'm more of a fan of the wooden coasters!
"New York New York" isn't quite the class act it was a few years ago, but it's hard to get bored here. The food, the shows, the $10 gambling tables... elbows up, chin out, gut on the floor... more for slobs than Gatsbys. #maturity
The reason I even give this place 3 stars, the service is impeccable. New York New York hires very classy individuals to work for them. The room was nice, but the hallway on the 6th floor smelled like a dead dog, disgusting. It was really a turn off. There isn't any shopping in this hotel either. The food is hit and miss. I like the Italian Bakery downstairs.
I like the casino and would go back again.
The hotel isn't bed, the rooms are a little boring, but the casino floor and restaurant areas are great.  The person I shared a room with is a MGM properties VIP but for some reason we got stuck at the last room tucked in the corner with no view.  Our walk from the elevator was a longer walk than any of the walks in the casino.  It was kind of a bummer.
Checked in and was not given the room I reserved. I reserved a queen size non smoking. He said oops, all we have is 2 beds smoking. BUT for $15 a night we can bump you up to what you want. UHM, no thanks. Once we got in the room, we had a view of the corner strip, basically the rollercoaster and Excalibur. The bathroom is teeny tiny, but the bed is the best I have stayed in a long time. I like that there are 2 Starbucks, lots of restaurants and options of games. I would stay again but hope they will have what I "reserve" when I check in.
For my first trip back to Sin City in at least a decade, my friend and I decided to stay at NY, NY (even though we're both from NY to start with. It's got a pretty central location on the south portion of the Strip, making it easy to walk around to MGM, Luxor, and Mandalay Bay to the south, while being within very walkable distance of all the new CityCenter stuff (which wasn't around last time I was here), Planet Hollywood, Bellagio, and the likes to the north. Although we arrived quite late (after midnight on Friday night), there was still quite a bit of a line to check in, with only 2 people helping to get people processed. It was late, but this is Vegas - so expected a bit more attention to service to be paid. They also didn't have the room we booked handy, so they gave us a 'Madison'-style room in the smoking section that was clearly for people with accessibility needs. I didn't mind the extra space, and they actually did a decent job of keeping the smell of cigarettes muted (the hallway, not as much). That said, the amenities in the room are of rather poor quality - the TV had really bad reception; the shower set-up (a no-bath setup without a door) had water leak out a bit more without the proper sloping towards the drain; andthe weirdest thing of all - our toilet always required 2 flushes to work properly.. . The room experience was rather poor, but the rest of the hotel is pretty solid. The roller coaster was actually a very fun/solid ride, and there's a good assortment of restaurants inside the hotel to cater to any stereotypical New York-inspired needs you may have (steakhouse, Italian food, Nathan's hot dogs, etc.). The casino itself was okay, although I felt like there weren't enough tables for card games relative to how many slots/video poker terminals there were (I'm sure these are the main moneymakers, but still). Parking is free, which is a nice plus given how hectic driving around the Strip can be. However, just like nearly every other Strip hotel, you get charged a 'resort fee' (in this case, $20/day) that's not really worth the price.. . Would I stay here again? Possibly, but I don't know if I would pay the price that I did. The weekday prices (which are around $60/night, as far as I can tell) seem fairer than the $130/night that it gets on the weekend, given the absolute quality of the hotel. That said, there's plenty to keep you interested within the hotel itself, and they do a pretty solid job of imitating the look (if not the exact experience) of New York City.
My favorite thing about staying at the NYNY hotel is their Chinese restaurant Chin Chin on the casino floor. Nothing says hangover cure like a giant bowl of their yakisoba!  . The 2nd thing I love is the roller coaster, formerly known as the Manhattan Express (like Prince, I do not know it current name). I go on it every time I come to Vegas. It's the scariest ride I will go on (I managed to elude the bungee ride at the MGM until they took their amusement park down) and it rises high enough to see a large portion of the Vegas strip - for a quick second. It also cuts through the casino - which I think is very creative.  . The 3rd favorite thing is that you can take the sky bridge over to the MGM or cut over to the Excalibur (meh!) then to the Luxor and Mandalay Bay. You can also walk north and hit the Monte Carlo next door. I love being in the middle of things and although this isn't exactly in the middle, it's close enough. Besides, from the MGM, you can take the monorail all the way to the north end, stopping at any casino except the Stratosphere. . I also love the good deals you can get to stay here.. The rooms are nice - for what you pay. They are standard, but then, you won't need to hock the pink slip of your car to afford a few nights here. I was sold on staying here simply because I had never been to NYC, so a hotel in the design of the New York skyline was the next best thing. . They house the Cirque du Soleil production of Zumanity - but it is not kid friendly. This is for grown up's who want to go to a strip club but don't want to admit out loud that they want to go to a strip club. . On the down side, the pool is small. So small, that we opted to sneak into the Monte Carlo pool and risk getting the boot. We didn't get caught, but it was a close call. If a really great pool is your main criteria, stay at their sister hotel, the MGM Grand.
This is a definite bookmark for those that have kids.  The arcade looks small from the outisde but when you enter through the hallway it proves to be formidable gaming facility.  Nathans hot dogs is located right next door to it so after the kids finish with the rollercoaster and games lunch is a few steps away.  The pool is however a little lacking.  I'm sure the rollercoaster makes up for it though.  I have not been to the coyote ugly bar but for a universal good time guys and girls (adults) my choice is the piano bar on the weekends.  Get there a little early and save your seats other wise there is a cover charge.
I have stayed at this hotel, Excalibur, Stratosphere, MGM Grand and Mandarin Oriental on my trips to Vegas. This is not a bad hotel but theres nothing that stands out here. . . Pros: . . *Location location location. . Close to MGM, Excalibur, Ceasars and a lot of other hotels on the strip. . *Free parking garage (as most hotels on the strip) . *Lots of restaurant choices to choose from..  My favorite? Gallaghers for the steak. . *Rooms are large and modern. Feels like its been recenty remodeled. *Starbucks opened at 05:30 in the morning wich is great for the jetlagged europeans . like myself. . . Cons:. . *While not an expensive hotel i think its a little to pricey for what you get. . *The pool area. Small and with poolbar that fits it and theres not a lot of people there. . It also gets shady pretty early in the afternoon. . . Conclusion? This is an "ok" hotel with fair pricing and lots of restaurants that has a good location on the strip. As the Excalibur is cheaper, has the same quality of rooms and a lot better pool area i would stay there instead. Yes the lobby/casinopart of Excalibur feels really old and dated but as im not a gambler who spends a lot of time there, i dont care. . . And if moneys not an issue? Mandarin Oriental all the way in Vegas where the service and ambiance is unmatched.
This nice place hotel, always come up here for the view of ppl
Not bad. I was there just 1 night and I think is a nice hotel. Of course old fashion but is not so bad and have low price. Inside there several restaurants and the Irish Restaurant Galagher is really special.
I love the food court!  Where else can you get a corn beef on rye, slice of pepperoni or hot dog?  NY, NY if course!
I've never stayed here. I've played here. I've lost here. I've gotten ripped off by Haagen Daaz here. I have gotten stinkin' drunk here. I have seen debauchery here. I will visit again, for a sandwich, gambling and frozen alcoholic drinks.
Completely true to its name. The casino decor is reminiscent of time square. The have taxi cab themed games and even a new york style pizzeria. There are a lot of slot and table games here. The minimums aren't too high. The drink service was on the slower side though . Loved the statue of liberty and the brooklyn bridge. I did not get to ride the famous roller coaster but it looked really cool. I got lucky on a Judge Judy machine here. A really fun spot.
Havenever stayed here yet.  I do like visiting this hotel and casino though.  It looks both cool on the outside and inside as well.  I've been to New York itself several times, and the exterior and interior design of this hotel represents the city quite well.  . . So if you are craving for a taste of New York city, then head on over to New York-New York.  Besides playing at the casino, I also enjoy playing in their Arcade.  Yeah, I am still a kid at heart.  They have midway carnival style games and coin operated video games similar to Excalibur and Circus Circus.  They also have the roller coaster ride which is expensive, but makes for a fun quick ride.
Stayed in the players suite. Amazing views. Jacuzzi in the room! We were only there for one night. . Room could have done with an update, decor was tired and it was advertised as having a Bose sound system - you could tell it was old as it was only a CD player, didn't have a function for mp3!!! . Staff were friendly.
I like the casino but the past couple times I've been there it's really hard to get a drink from the waitresses. I sat at the same machine for more than an hour and never saw a waitress. If I'm pouring money into slot machines I want drinks poured for me.
Not a bad place, there is no buffet here and the self parking here is a little weird because you have to stop and roll your window down and some guy waves you through. I stayed in a room near the roller coaster... don't do this. It's highly annoying and runs non-stop and nobody told me this. The staff, as in any MGM property, are always nice. The walls seemed a little thin as I could hear most of the conversation from the guys in the next room. The bathroom seemed tiny and a little grimy if you ask me. Not a bad place, but I stay in Vegas every other week and I could find a nicer room for less money else where on the strip.
Good things: Great roller coaster, Above average restaurants (affordable), Nice room, on strip, SMS discounts, GRRRRREEEEAAAAAATTTTTT concierge (curly red head, mid 30's) - talked us into Beatles LOVE!  P.S. GREAT SHOW!. . Bad Things: Smoke, smoke smoke (bad ventilation), Bad plumbing (SLOW drains), a/c / heat thermostat is from the seventies (difficult to regulate), very small happy hour drink selection, mixed drinks very expensive, oh....smoke!. . Would do it again though! Overall good times :D. . Ooooohhhh!!!....one more thing, ....PUT A DAMN COFFEE MAKER IN THE ROOM, THANK YOU!
Came here to visit on my routine Strip visits since i wanted to stop by the MGM i decided to stop here since i haven't been here since they opened back in 1997. They were doing construction outside where the Brooklyn Bridge is it's all fenced up and looks like they were doing construction also inside by the sport book so when crowded can be a pain to get around.  Probably will comeback here again after the construction is done maybe another 10 plus years lol
It was decent.. its on the end so a far walk to get to the center of the strip. There was a TON of construction so basically only 2 entrances and exits for the hotel. The room was clean. The a/c didn't feel like it worked to well... had to turn it all the way down to get the room cooled off but still wasn't "cold". A little crazy they charge extra to check in an hour early... like are you that hard up for $20? . Didn't get to ride the rollercoaster because it doesn't open till 11am.
