Single & ready to mingle...?. . After knowing how much time the crowd waited in line to get into this nightclub, I think everyone had that mindset "What ever happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.". . This place by far, has the most social-able, friendly, go-getter crowd I have ever experienced in comparison to other lively nightclubs. (It might of been just this night). . Maybe the outdoor scenery with plenty of cabana seatings or the unique large lamp shaped heaters around the breezy opened area or the (Thunder Women) show above the dance floor, made an influence to the crowds attitude... Haha, but with every nightclub, there are some down points to mention.... . For instance, this club was said to be one of the biggest clubs, maybe cause of the extended walking paths to the restrooms, dance floor, entrance to the club made this place seem wide and bigger. I say, that was my down fall of this club! . . Waiting in a 2 hour line around the edges of Marquee, soon to enter another line into the elevators heading above into the club, first seeing a bar and deciding which path to take (outdoor, indoor) then asking for directions to the restroom, walking a mile back into the small dance floor... Is just too overwhelming to imagine. Right? (I felt sorry for the ladies). . Overall experience:. _Must at least come once for the experience. _Be prepared for getting around the area with its long walk-ways. _Need to enjoy the whack ecstasy music . _Enjoy the unforgettable outdoor area. _Get ready to mingle since this place isn't really happening.... . "Who's counting?" (inside joke ;P)
This club is brand-spankin' new and obviously has some kinks to work out. . . Warning to anyone attempting to come here with anything but a pack of girls: be prepared for at least a two hour wait, even if you get there at 9:00, and even if you're on the guest list. Also, you won't be able to get it without bottle service (~$1500 for 3 bottles the worst tables outside) if you don't have an even ratio of guys to girls. The line outside had to be breaking some sort of fire code with the massive hoard of hot, sweaty, cramped people gathered on the second floor of the Cosmopolitan. I can't stress how un-awesome that was.. . Once we finally were escorted inside, I was shocked that instead of putting us in the elevator to get to the club, they led a group of ~20 people to the STAIRWELL and had us climb 4 flights of stairs. W.T.F. They said it was to get people in the club faster - bull $h!t. I waited two hours in 4" heels - you better carry my @$$ up these stairs!. . Once we finally got into the club, it was indeed amazing. The design has a very spacious industrial feel to it. There is lots of space, occupied by tons of people. The stairwell put us into the smaller Boombox Room, with DJ Lisa Pittman spinning with DJ Eric DLux (from Power 106 in LA... whoop whoop!) We checked it out for a bit and found fresh air outside that room.. . We went upstairs to the main dancefloor that lead to the outside area where we could smoke our cigar. That whole floor is huge, and really fun. Outside by the pool has got to be my favorite area (beside the Boombox Room), because of the fresh air, awesome views of Aria & City Center, the nice decor, & good music.. . Overall, the club needs some work... I'll be happy to come back when they get their $h!t straight. Until the wait and the elevator situation are remedied, I'd much rather party at the other awesome clubs in Vegas that have it down. It was nice to check it out though!
this place was alright...they definitely have a few things they need to work out. the line up outside this place on a saturday night is pretty impressive. it seemed a bit unorganized though. getting inside was even more unimpressive...i thought you were supposed to get into some fancy elevators to get to the club? instead we were ushered through some side door and up MANY flights of stairs to the club...kinda ghetto and its only a matter of time before some drunk girl in 4 inch heels falls and breaks her neck. the club itself is huge, the main dancefloor is crazy and plays house/electronica. there were two other rooms, the library and the boombox...both played hip hop/top 40. the two rooms were extremely small compared to the main room. the outdoor patio/pool area is really nice. this club is definitely cray cray, exactly the way vegas should be. i don't think i will be venturing back to this place anytime soon though...maybe when the hype dies down a bit. =P
Came here with a bunch of friends in January to see ATB perform. Not going to lie, ATB opening was pretty sick-nasty! However, he didn't come on until 2 a.m. and if you even want to get into the club without having to wait you gotta come at like 9-10 p.m. Another group of friends attempted coming in at 11 p.m. and they said they waited at the front of the line for 2 hours before they just gave up and left. AND it was a group of all girls.. . The club itself is beautifully decorated. It's in the Cosmopolitan so you can't expect anything less. There are three floors to the club; the library, the club, and something else (we never got to it). Obviously, most of the people there stuck on the club floor. The dance floor is tiny... There is no way you won't find yourself humping a 360 degree radius in that club. And the fact that it's Vegas means everyone is a douche about it. Pushing, shoving, cursing, etc. The patio/balcony area was very nice however. Great view of the Strip, functioning outdoor bar, lounging area, pool and heaters. The heaters are where everyone ended their nights.. . The music was decent. The cruddy part was by the time ATB actually made it to the stage, half the club was already exhausted and some of my friends had left. He opened up with a bang, played some house music that kind of mellowed out the mood. And then picked it up again towards the end. It was a fun night, but I expected more from a Vegas club.
Marquee is indeed very gorgeous and glamorous. You go into the Cosmopolitan and take the elevator to the 2nd floor where the entrance is. After you get your stamps, you're escorted into an elevator to the real club. Pretty awesome. . . The dance floor is a decent size and super high DJ booth is very exciting. At certain points they released confetti down to the crowd, which was fun. The dancers are also really attractive. The other two levels are smaller and don't seem that exciting. Looking down the balcony is pretty great.  . . The best part about Marquee was the abundant number of couches and chairs and seats. On the main floor there are comfy couches outside the bathroom to rest your weary feet, and stools inside the bathroom. The bathroom is stocked with candies and other little useful necessities. Our group was also able to fill out surveys for free drink tickets. NICE!. . Coat check was $5 per item, not as nice. . . -1 star for Marquee because of the crowd. The crowd was older and seemed creepier. Was not excited about the lack of attractive guys. Other than that, a great club to check out!
Many things needs to be worked on. First, VENTILATION. They have the line control thing on lockdown. No leaving the line (yes ladies, even for the restroom). If you do leave and try to hop back in line with your buddies, they will kick you out to the end of the line. It just got so overly crowded that I nearly fainted from the heat. I couldn't take it. Everybody was just getting way too hot standing in thecorner area!! The line got iNSANE. It went all the way down, snaked back around, then looped around the chandelier. . If you're not going to have ventilation, at least allow us to drink WATER in line. They took away our BOTTLED WATER. It was seriously WATER. Thank goodness my friend gave me some before they took it away because I seriously was dizzy and lightheaded. And well, since they don't allow you to drink water in line, you better down your drinks before you get in line too because they will do 2 things: a) tell you to down your drink and then take it away or b) straight up confiscate it.  I don't know their reasoning for this, but you seriously cannot be denying people of WATER when you have a ton of people crowded into a corner and have ZERO VENTILATION. Lawsuit waiting to happen.. Secondly, shady bouncer at the door. tsk tsk tsk, shame on you ahole. We had 2 groups of people and 2 of our guys in the 1st group got singled out and the bouncer told them to get back to the end of the line. For what reason? Nobody knows. They did nothing wrong. . The club itself is nice..multiple levels.. but because it's multiple levels, it meant STAIRS. Lots and lots of STAIRS. You know, alcohol + stilettos is not a great combo.. Trying to leave the club was a nightmare. There is no real set exit. Sure there are exit signs, but they don't really lead you to the actual exit of the club!! They just bring you to other areas.. . I can see this space doing extremely well when the summer comes but I don't think I want to come back for a long while...
I don't get to go out all that often, so when i do (and especially when i'm going to Vegas to do it!) I expect that it's going to be worth my while. This club was insanely difficult...and we didn't even have to wait in line! But even if you're allowed immediate access, there's a line to get onto the elevator that's a little ridiculous. Granted, i understand that this club is brand new...but it was a little much. . Once you get up there, it's a nightmare to try and navigate your way around there. But they play great music, the go-go dancers are awesome, and the ambience is amazing. So you can deal with the sea of people running into you. . . Now, MY only REAL gripe about this place is their outside bar! And their bartenders. Me and my cousin LITERALLY (we timed it) had to wait 45 minutes for the girl to even acknowledge us! Once she did....SHE FORGOT! She got distracted by some other guy at the end of the bar and we literally had to shout at her and remind her about our drinks. We are not the only people she did this too. I've never been to a nightclub where there were so many people complaining about how it didn't live up to it's hype! Once we got our very simple drinks (and we ordered 2 a piece to avoid having to go back) they were gross. If you're going to do a crappy job at least be heavy on your pour rather than weak. Plus it was quite a task with a clutch and in heels trying to not have hundreds of drunks spill your drinks! . . $60 for weak drinks and over 45 minutes of waiting for those bad drinks definitely took away from the glamour of this place. Other than it being crazy packed and that...it was a very cool nightclub. Would i go back? Ya...but not without a table and bottle service. Otherwise you're going to waste the majority of your night! . . Seriously, for the newest spot in Vegas and considering how nice the hotel is...they need to hire more bartenders and have more than one girl working each well...and preferrably more considerate ones. Then I think everyone would have a better time.
If I were to solely base this review on just the layout and design of this place, it would probably be a 5, but since it includes my overall experience, it just seems that there needs improvement.. . Pros:. * Currently the hottest club on the strip. * 3 levels of dance floors. * Plays Hip Hop and House. * Glamorous interior and exterior design. . Cons:. * Hottest club on the strip - Overcrowded. * Waited 45 minutes in line to get in. . * Not enough Bartenders. Literally waited 30 minutes to get acknowledged by someone.. * Heater lamps outside were not spread out. Positioned them right next to each other. It felt like my hair was gonna catch fire. . * Difficult to actuallydance because it was crowded and limited space on the dance floor. . . Since Marquee is currently the hottest club, there is an overwhelmingly large amount of people wanting to go there. I give it a couple of months and let the hype die down.  This club has a lot of potential and its located in the lavish hotel The Cosmopolitan.
Marquee is the new nightlife hot spot in Vegas right now. Word of Kanye, Jay-Z and some other celebs have already ventured through its doors. Suit up, throw some rubbers in your pockets, and prepare for a night of chaos. You may even get lucky by the end of the night.. . Where does it begin? The lines to enter that is. Tables, guestlists, VIP, ticket holders, general admission. There are lines everywhere. If you're trying your luck in the regular line, look for the longest. It wraps longer than Dirk Diggler's goods and it is slower than your grandma's driving. Pre partying in line? You better make it quick. The men in black suits will jump on it if they see you boozing in line. Ultimatum given: kill your drink in front of him on the spot or toss it out. BTW, there's not too many trash cans around. Chances are, you're going to litter and the poor girl behind you is going to kick it.. . It gets stuffy as hell in the lines. There's absolutely zero ventilation while you're waiting. No fresh air, constant cigarette smoke, booze in your system, and no water is an inevitable disaster waiting to happen. Possibly even a lawsuit. People getting dizzy and light headed, yack is already found on the ground, people slipping in that yack, and NO, you may not leave the lines even if you're about to piss in your pants. Too bad the suits says, leave and try to re-enter where your friends are and you will be asked to go to the end of the line.. . When you finally get in, you are ushered into a bunch of elevators like cattle. The door opens and the elevator man yells out, "WELCOME TO MARQUEE LADIES AND GENTLEMEN." At this point you don't know it yet, but you've been put into a scientific experiment that you didn't know you signed up for. Ever wonder what rats thought about when they were put into mazes? You will soon find out. No table service you say, good luck hanging onto all your friends. You might as well say good bye because the only time you'll see them again is when you randomly run into them an hour after you lose them. Ladies this is especially true for you because you girls don't carry your cell phones with you & dudes are constantly trying to break up your pack so their chances increases (baiting club chicks 101).. . The place is incredibly packed. Shoulder to shoulder, toe to toe. Don't wear your Louboutins because some drunk tard is going to spill their drink and/or step all over them. Besides, I would recommend comfortable foot wear for men and women. This place houses a billion steps. There are steps EVERYWHERE and you can't access the elevators. By the end of the night, you'll be crying for a $15 Chinese foot massage in Alhambra.. . Everyone is dressed to impress. It's like prom but what do you expect from a Vegas club such as this? No one cares about your douchey $300 Ed Hardy sneakers. Throw on some nice leather, even albino aligator skinned kicks, then maybe you won't look like such a fool when the bouncer doesn't deny your entry.. . Bars here are a mission. There's 50+ of you for every bartender they have. When you venture for a drink, order an extra drink for yourself. Chances are you won't want to wait another 30 minutes for another drink. Take orders from your friends too, save them the trouble. You might as well take the entire crew up there and whoever gets served first can order for everyone. Don't act appalled when you find out one drink is about $14. You're in Vegas and it's the most happening club right now, not one of your typical hipster Downtown LA dive bars.. . Marquee is also a daytime pool hot spot. I think they're going to do very well with that during the summer. It's almost as if they geared their outdoor areas just for that. Cabanas, private jacuzzis, pools, everytthing is top notched, uber grand, and classy.. . Music varies depending on the different rooms & which level you're on. The main room started blasting house/electro at one point while the downstairs smaller room had classic hip-hop/rap which is more of my forte, ya dig? Every inch of this place was filled with bodies, there's no escaping it except maybe far outside. There's plenty of eye candy as well as that little thing called a "venereal disease." So play it safe tonight, actually every night.. . Bring your credit cards or a wad of dead US presidents (preferably Benjamin Franklin) because it's going to be an expensive night at Marquee. . . Did I fail to mention that it took forever to get out of this rat trap? Good luck all.
As many have said before, the venue is HUGE and beautiful. Unfortunately, I find it difficult to dance to house (though I don't mind listening), so I felt like all the space in the main room was wasted. The Boombox (hiphop room) on the other hand was CRAMPED as hell. It would be great if they could switch the music between the two rooms... I think it would be a more efficient usage of space.. . The outdoor patio looked nice, but unlike XS, you need a table in order to access the hot tub area. Also it was super cold and windy when we went (Jan) so we didn't really enjoy sitting outdoors. I'm sure its much nicer in late spring/summer.. . We decided to grace Marquee with our presence (HAH!) on Saturday... and it was oddly dead. HUH?! Where are all the party people at?. . One more CON: CLIMBING THE STAIRS BETWEEN ROOMS! WHY?!?
hands down, it's a beautiful venue. very fancy. walking up & down the stairs to get to the other rooms was kind of an inconvenience especially if you're a chick with 4-5 inch heels drunk off the wall (just saying). though my girls got in for free, there was just too many stairways for the VIP sections. we went on a Friday night around 11 so the night was still young. for sure this plAce has the potential to out do the others...  . I love love love the outdoor pool area. summer parties sounds like it'll be crackin!
There were plenty of promoters on the strip for this club.  One promoter approached me and my girls, which was a back-up to a back-up plan.  The promoter texted me hours before going to the club to confirm and remind me to be there before 9:15 PM.. . So my girls and I were in line by 9:15 PM but the line was already long.  Since we thought i'd be nice to help these 2 guys and say that they were with us, we ended up staying in line for an hour because we weren't all girls!  Quite annoying but I guess, that's how it goes anywhere.. . Two guys joined us again, my friend's friends who were staying at Cosmo.  Even if they also had another hookup, they still waited for us.  What's good about their's is that they didn't pay the cover charge!  Nice!. . Going to the dance floor, you have to take the elevator to the first small dance floor.  On to the next dancefloor, which was the outdoor area with cabanas.  . . The two guys we were with invited us to their room to drink.  Getting out of the club was super confusing!  It was a maze!  We passed by another room, which was on another floor.  Going out, we passed by a game and pool area.  Going back inside the club was no problem at all.. . By our second trip to the club, the place was super crowded.  Leaving out was much more confusing the second time around.  . . Overall, I only give it 3 stars because 1) we were on the VIP guestlist but still waited for an hr, 2) the floorplan was super confusing even when you're sober, 3) each dancefloor was small.  The pros about this place is the decor, the bathroom attendants are so nice and the bathroom was clean!
Concept: . (Another) high class Vegas hotspot with international celebrity DJs in residence to bring the party every night. Three rooms with different vibes and music.. . Actual experience:. . I was there: Saturday, Jan. 30. . . Club set-up:. 1. Boombox room: Featuring hip hop. 2. The Library: Laid back, lounge-y vibe. No dance floor, just a place to chill and relax. Has pool tables, cushy leather chairs and a bar with a specialty cocktail list.. 3. Main room: Featuring the headliner DJ of the night. Typically house music. Sound was good, lighting/visual was bomb with the huge video wall behind the DJ and the disco-like ball from the ceiling. . Getting into the club: . I thought it was hilarious how the guest list line was longer than the actual regular admission line. Kinda makes you wonder if this club lives up to the hype if people aren't being drawn in. Warning: if you're in the guest list line and you happen to have more guys than girls in your group, you're going to be turned away. This happened to a group in front of us. Bouncers were polite and efficient.. . To get into the actual club, you're stuffed into this elevator that zips you up to the 6th floor (which is where the main room is located...make sure you keep that in mind given the confusing layout). Once the elevator doors open, you're in this dark lobby area with a bar. . . Getting around the club:. The most confusing, weird, frustrating, and tiring layout ever. What sadistic person decided that the best layout for a club with 3 different rooms was to put them on different floors?? And these rooms weren't just separated by tiny stairs, these were actual FLIGHTS of stairs. Both the girls and guys in my group were complaining about it. I can't picture a drunk person navigating theirway around this club. . . There's also two sets of stairs to make things even more confusing. Worse of all, there's no signage that tells you which floor each room is at or where the bathrooms are. You just have to wander around or ask a bouncer.. . The Boombox room has an outside patio so if you're tired, hot, and need some fresh air, make your way outside! The Library has some couches and chairs in the hallway that you can sit on without being told off by some bouncer or territorial VIP. . . Crowd: . Pretty well mixed, and gets really packed towards the end of the night. There was barely any room to move so you get unfamiliar bodies/body parts pressed up against you (gross). . . Air flow/ventilation: . This place got HOT. Bad airflow so if you want to breathe, go out to the patio that's connected to the Boombox room.. . Music: . Liked the main room DJ. Boombox DJ...not so good. We left that dance floor in less than 20 minutes. . . Drinks/bar: . Quick service. I was able to get my drinks in less than 5 minutes. Mixed drinks were about $12 (higher for premium ones). Drinks weren't too strong (not strong at all actually) so it's probably a good idea to pre-party.. . Restrooms: . We all know bathrooms are important in the clubbing experience; especially for girls. You need a big enough restroom to handle the crowds of girls that need to pee, primp or throw up (although I didn't see any puking when I was there). Thankfully, there was little to no line for the restroom even when the club was crowded. I liked how there was a huge couch for girls to lounge on while waiting for their girlfriends to finish doing their thing. There was also a separate vanity area with mirrors for girls to touch up their makeup so there wouldn't be any divas hogging the sink area.. . Bottom line: . I loved my XS experience and was looking for something to top that. Marquee tried, but couldn't do it.
As a venue, I think  Marquee is just ok.. . The main room seems to mimic that of Tryst and Wynn, with the tables surrounding the main dance floor in a fan shape and then at the other side it opens out to the outdoor area.. . What I did not like about Marquee is that the different rooms are on different floors that you have to access via stairs.  You can say that I'm an idiot, but we did not find these rooms until we were on our way out through the stairwell.  I would have liked to check out the other rooms but after checking out the entire main floor end to end, it didn't occur to me to check the stairwell for another room.. . Drinks: $14 for a shot of Patron, which is pretty standard in Vegas.. . The outdoor area was pretty nice with the heat lamps, since it was a chilly Vegas winter night.  . . The DJ the night I went was pretty ok, but started playing too many songs I didn't know/didn't "feel" so we left pretty early.  Crowd was pretty mixed, but I didn't seem to find any guys that I found myself attracted to.  Perhaps another night!
From all the positive reviews and comparisons to XS, I was expecting a top notch experience.  I was completely let down, but granted, I had high expectations.  . . Key tip from this review:  Purchase tickets to whoever the DJ is online through Marquee's website, then make sure to pick them up before 8pm, then you can get in a much shorter line and wait only 10-15 minutes to get in, rather than the 3 hour line.  Plus, it's 30-40 dollars for these tickets which includes the cover, so no need to grease the bouncer when you go in.. . Good:. . Sound system is AWESOME, and the DJ has a pretty sweet vantage point above the dance floor.  There are also plenty of bars which is a plus, but drinks will be their normal expensive self at about 40 bucks for a round of 3 drinks.  Access to outside is very easy and very big with additional bars.  I think the dayclub will be a fun time as all the pesonal suites have individual hot tubs.. . Bad:. Layout is terrible for the most part.  The bathroom is literally down some random corridor and is difficult to find.  I only found this one bathroom so I don't know if there are even more.  It is large, but still, you need more spread out.   Crowd-we showed up at 10:15PM and it already was packed and the ratio was terrible.  Plus, there were a curious number of obese people there which I was suprised about given all the comments about the beautiful people.  I just expected more, as in the times of body english where if you paid for bottle service, the ratio would be off the hook for at least an hour and a half.  I think people get here at 9pm since there's so much hype about this place.  . . Bottle service- If you are considering this, I strongly discourage you.  The quote I received was $1500 and that's for a table outside with a 3 bottle minimum.  They are really milking the hype here and it's ridiculous.  In addition, outside really is a terrible location, maybe in the summer it'll get more traction, but for right now, really no one is out there unless you are getting bottle service.  If you want a table by the dance floor, it's a 8-10K minimum, and I'm not even joking.  I'd go for the DJ tickets online as for now, it's the surest thing.  We had 3 guys with us and got in no problem.
i call this 3-star rating an UNLOCK POTENTIAL 3 stars. . . In my opinion, i feel like this place has the potential to be one of the most AWESOMEST fun nightclub on the strip.. . This club opened during new yrs and the past weekend was my first time in attending this new venue. I'll simply list the pros and cons that i noticed in this super nightclub. . . Pros. . 1. The venue and crowd is BEAUTIFUL. mix crowd. hip hop floor and main dance floor.. . 2. Contrary to the previous reviews i've read, the staff is beyond friendly and seem to be willing to bend over their backs for everyone in having a good time here..  . 3. Didn't get any drinks here, but from little chit-chats in the smokin hot ass bartenders. a red bull vodka is only $15. very very cheap compared to Surrender's $19 house vodka w/ red bull.. . Cons:. 1. Will probably never happen, but they really need to get rid of the stairs and replace them w/ escalators. This is a huge design flaw for the managing partners of marquee. Unlike Playboy Club to Moon, there are no simple escalators up to a club. It kinda gets rid of the "baller" feeling when u climb stairs from venue to venue compared to an escalator where the music crescendos as u rise to the club. . . 2. Elevators won't go down till 1:30am so everyone has to climb 3-5 flights of stairs down to exit in the Cosmo's pool area if they want to go back to their rooms for sexy-time or pre-party. (BEWARE: as you exit,  WATCH ur step... there'sa ledge where girls especially are vulnerable in tripping on if they wear high heels). . 3. The main dance floor is a tad too small for my tastes. Also it has more of a rave-like vibe to it where everyone stares at the DJ and throws their arm to the sky like zombies. I don't blame the crowd for doing this considering there's a 30+ft of LCD awesomeness in the back of the DJ to look at. EVEN SO, this type of set-up negates a nightclub feel to the venue.   . . . ALL IN ALL, a very nice nightclub w/ very friendly staff and crowd. everyone is just here to have a ballin good time. . . I say, give this place a couple months to workout their flaws and it'll be the next best thing vegas nightlife will see in the years to come.
Ok Marquee I was really excited to check you out, but it didn't go as planned. Myself and 3 other girls followed the promoter instructions and showed up around 9 to grab a few drinks at Queue bar which was pretty comfy. Then when it was our time to head up we followed the rest of the girls in the parade up the escalators and into the house room.. . The place is really cool, the crowd was young, and the waitstaff was amazingly nice. Everything was going great until we needed to sit down. There wasn't a seat to be found and all the tables were reserved, but no one was sitting there so we had no chance to flirt our way into a seat. . . We traveled up to the Library and then down to the Boom Box, but after climbing 3 full sets of stairs we were just cashed out and grabbed the elevator down. It's too bad because it was our last night and we were really excited to stay out a live it up, and I'm sure we would have if we could have just sat down for a few.
A friend of mine was in town and we walked around to check out Cosmo and they FINALLY opened up the top floor after about a month of being open the pool area and apparently where the guest list line is located on this floor, so we walked out there to check it out. We tried to schmooz the bouncer just to check out the atmosphere inside Marquee, just to walk in and walk out kinda thing, but it didn't work, there was only 2 of us so it was a no go. . . After our failed attempt at trying to get in for free, we decided to sit at the bar, poolside and have a few drinks, hang out and play catch up... Before we could take a second sip of our drinks, we're approached by 2 young ladies asking us if we'd like to join them inside Marquee because they're 2 girls short of getting into for free, so we got up and walked on over the guest list line! . . We were in line for a mere 10 mins. The line was outdoors and it was pretty chilly that night but they had heaters comforting those of us shivering in the cold. Everyone in line was so nice, very chit chatty and was a real nice vibe to start off the night. . . One of my gripes with this place is the fact that being that there are 3 (or 4, can't remember? lol) floors and they made us walk the stairs, BLAH. I would've rather they make it ONE large room and party it up that way, not here-- get ready for a workout. Females in HIGH heels are really not made 3-4 floors worth of stairs. Cardio should be done in gym shoes! GAH. . . We found these kind of, hidden rooms that are overlooks for the club. There's a pool table on one of the upper levels. Bars, like in any club, take a long time to order drinks, so nothing new there. . . We breezed through the floors, since we were there just to checkout the place, we weren't really in club attire which I thought was strange that they let us in. I was in a tank top, cardigan, jeans and heels. My GF was in practically the same thing, 'cept she was wearing fancy flip flops, we were sure that we were going to get in because of that, but they let us in! . . Overall, a place worth checking out.
It's ok-not my favorite, but not awful either. The place is a little smaller than what I was expecting. It's a new club so it's packed all the time, and not the easiest place to get into-promoters rec. getting there around 9, so try to get a table or find boys who have a table!!! the bouncers are dicks, think they're sh** dont stink because they're working the hottest club right now, good for you.....music was ok, great lighting and backdrop of dancers and tv screens. It's like a maze exiting that place though! The hotel is stunning though, and Im willing to give this place another try once the hype dies down a bit.
Looks only get you so far. Vegas' newest hotspot is hella nice, but way too crowded for my liking. XS is always really crowded but I still have fun. This was different.. . The lines are SO FREAKING LONG AND GUESTLIST DOESN'T REALLY MEAN SQUAT but we got in pretty easily because we went a little early, were on the guestlist and knew some ppl standing in line already. Our plan was to just get there early and get stamped, then go get free drinks at LAVO since the promoter that got us on Marquee was there. The staff was friendly enough, I love the pool area with cabanas and the view of the other hotels from the top, but as I said, LOOKS. AND. DECOR. ONLY. GET. YOU. SO. FAR.. . We got back a lil late, I admit, and it was FREAKING PACKED. Way more packed than I've seen at TAO or XS, and I thought those were "packed". Maybe it's because we went on a night Kaskade was playing, but people were sooo pushy and rude. It was asian nation and we saw so many people we knew from socal (and didn't really want to see). I don't mind crowds- I mean obviously we went to a club, expect to get trampled right? It was just that everyone was so intent on pushing their way to see Kaskade that they were just being douches. The central dance floor was at capacity so we got pushed to the outer rim by the booths. We couldn't even make it past the swarm outside to the pool area to maybe cool off a little. . . Also, wtf is up with the stairs. No one could use the elevator that night. I'm not sure if it was just because kaskade was playing, but we were originally told the elevators would be operating after 1am.... WHY WOULD YOU TORTURE US GIRLS IN OUR HEELS. I appreciated the quad workout going up, but at the end of the night, all I wanted to do was barefoot my way down the 4+ flights of stairs. -__-. . I'll probably be back because I liked it enough when it wasn't sweating body mania, but to endure the mass of ppl I'll just need a few more drinks and more comfortable shoes.
So my opinion of this place is totally skewed because I went there with someone who knew someone who knew someone... so we paid no cover, and did not wait more than 15 minutes to get in at the peak hour on a Saturday night. From the enormous crowds clamoring to get the attention of the bouncers, I can tell I did not have the average experience. But I had a good time.. . It's in The Cosmopolitan, which is a strikingly beautiful hotel. Glitz and glam, young and modern. Once we finally got our hookups straightened out (I guess everyone says they know someone - my friend had to show the guy his text from his friend to prove it) we went up the elevator with our three bouncer escorts. . . We spent very little time in the inside area of the club, because the dance floor was so crowded, they were not allowing anyone else on the floor. The club is gorgeous, and the DJ (Kaskade) sounded great. There is a large outdoor patio and pool area, where the music is still blaring and people aredancing. The crowd was young and disproportionately Asian (cool by me). People tripping on some drug or another were staring at their friend's multicolor light-up gloves waving around in front of their faces. Some dude "made it rain" over his friends and sent $1 bills everywhere into the pool. . . I have no idea what the bottle service costs, but it may be worthwhile. As with many comparable clubs, there is very little open seating.
I've been here twice...both times we had bottle service. . . Overall all like this place. The sound system is on point and the service is great. The only thing I will complain about is that the hip hop room is a bit small and you have to push and squeeze to get anywhere....THE PLACE WAS PACKED!!!!. . First time I went we had a table in the hip hop room. Table to the left was the Dallas Cowboys and the table to the right was G-Unit. Kind of who cares but somewhat cool at the same time. $4000 for 3 bottles of Henny. The second time was in the main room and the table was right by the stage. I had a blast!!!. . I do like this place over the Bank / Heat / or Pure. I'll be coming back.
Was on guestlist for saturday night, girls got in free while guys had to pay $25 bucks. The line was ridiculously long, I want to say we were waiting in line for at least an hour before getting in. When you first enter the club, you take an elevator to the club. Once you come out of the elevator, there is a bar and then a hallway which will take you to the dance floor. The main dance floor was not too big, it got a little crowded at times, but i suppose thats expected at these large scale night clubs. There is also another bar across from the main dance floor, however this bar was PACKED all the time. There was another level of the club we got to check out, it was a hip hop room, it was okay.. nothing special there. As for the music in the main dance floor... it could have been a little better. When you leave the club, you have to go down about three flights of stairs... you go from this ritzy glamour night club, to a janky warehouse looking stairwell. A lot of people I have talked to seem to like marquee over xs, but I think there is no comparison. Xs trumps marquee.. by a landslide!
Packed...but the library is a cool room if you need a break form the pit!
I was super excited to come here since it's the new kid and has received so much hype.  I was expecting to be amazed and go WOW, but sadly, it only crossed my mind once.  Could've been that I pictured it differently or that my expectations were too high.  . . Since two of us didn't get to Vegas until 1030PM, we missed the chance to get our stamps.  However, after meandering through the crowd, we were lucky enough to find a nice bouncer that let us in without having to wait in the super long line.  Outside it looked like it was another Asian Invasion, but once inside, the crowd was pretty diverse.  Maybe they have an Asian quota?? =P. . Once you pay/get through, you use an elevator to go down to the actual club.  The first thing you see is a bar in an underwhelming room.  Drinks are the usual Vegas price, $15/shot.  To get to the different rooms, you have to go up and down stairs, which are killer when you're wearing heels.  It's also a buzzkill.  The Boombox Room was pretty standard in terms of layout and design.  This was the only room that played hip-hop though and it was crazy packed!  The Library Room is more lounge-y since it's small and designed for a more cozy feel.  There's no room for dancing, but there is a pool table and chairs to sit if you're tired.  It does have a small balcony, apparently the place to makeout and hookup, that overlooks the Main/Performance Room, which was Marquee's only wow factor for me.  The EC Twins were spinning that night and it's definitely got a rave/house feel to it.  I really liked this room, however I didn't get to spend much time in it.  The main dance floor is in the middle of everything, but due to the fact that it was sooooooo packed, they weren't letting anymore people in.  Too bad.. . It might have been the mix of lots of shots and super nice people who gave us free alcohol at their tables, but overall I had fun.  It won't be my first choice for a club when I go to Vegas, but it's definitely not my last.
Marquee is a HOT MESS. Wow. President's Day weekend was insane. It's disorganized. That's the one word to sum this place up. Disorganized. . . We knew it would be crazy packed so our promoter told us to be in line by 8-8:30. However, my friends were staying at the Cosmopolitan and the front desk and concierge had both told them that if they go to the line by 10, one room key can get 2 people in. I knew something was wrong and just wished I could have gotten there at 8, but I trusted my friends. We get in line at 10 only to finally get in at 1 a.m. after being in the front of the line for 3 hours. We finally get to the desk and the girl says everyone has to pay even though we have room keys.  Apparently, only 1 person PER ROOM can get in for free. Of course my friend complains and the girl "GRACIOUSLY" offers to comp the girls because girls are NEVER comped at the clubs. Right, ladies? Whatever! Don't talk to me like I've never been at a club before. She made the 3 guys pay $40 each. Okay, pretty standard for a new club. My friend finally gives in because we're holding up a line and the girl charges her card $240! Then says oops, doesn't process the refund, and promises my friend that the concierge will refund her the $120 and maybe the other $120. Of course, my friend asks for this in writing and the girl gets super annoyed. WHAT A BITCH. She's the one who made a mistake and overcharged. In the end, the concierge refunded her $120 and gave her hotel credit for $120. I know the club and the hotel are separate entities, but come on! GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT and don't tell your hotel guests the wrong information.. . I knew I should have just gotten there early for the guestlist. Oh well. Standard Vegas mistake.. . We finally get inside and it's packed full and you can barely move around. We're not huge trance fans, so we go to the hip hop room which would have been cool... if they played hip hop. I kind of wished I stayed downstairs to watch the dumb Asian boys play with their glowsticks. Yes, ladies, glowsticks.. . The club itself is fine and fun with friends, but it's disorganized and that girl at the desk was a bitch. I expected the club to be packed and there to be long lines, but the girl at the front nearly ruined the night for all of us.
The staircases weren't THAT bad. The layout is WEIRD, but I guess there is something for everyone in this club. . . They are serious about bottle service, and they are money grubbin' at the door. Our party was so big that they wouldn't let us in without adding more bottles to the table. Took 45 minutes to get in, and when we did they put us in the main room, moved us twice, until we finally got to our desired destination: the hip hop room.. . Once in, everything was good. The music was good, and everyone had fun. . . For a big club, you'd think their bathrooms would be bigger and more accommodating. I'm glad their is a bathroom in every room though, because this place can be like a maze. . . I felt sorry for the DJ in the hip hop room. They are crammed in a corner with high foot traffic. They just have enough room to put their laptop to play the music, and that's it! It is as if the Dj was an afterthought.
For me, Marquee was a 4 star club... Until I got to the stairs. Granted, if I were in more comfortable shoes and did not have a screaming headache and mild asthma attack from the abundance of cigars around me, the stairs wouldn't have made a big deal. However, they do not do anything for the ambiance, especially for those unlucky individuals who have to go UP the stairs. . . My group (which did include a guy) did not have any trouble getting in. I had us guestlisted at the last minute and we were in the club within ten minutes. I will say that the security inside the club were possibly the nicest I've seen for a while. I haven't heard so many sentences with an exclamation at the end (unless they contained expletives or threats of bodily harm) in a club in a long time. We all received drink tickets which more than came in handy for our group. We opted to stay in the main room after hearing the other two rooms required stairs (little did we know we would be using those stairs later on). . . My friends and I voted and the general opinion was that the stairs should knock off two stars; however, the good time we had definitely earns back one. The club is really nice even though yes, the layout is VERY weird. I would come back!. . P.S. I thought I should add that while the stairs look like those slightly creepy back stairwells, half of them are fairly wide which helps with the traffic flow and there are security guards at almost every level just in case.
Important Tip: If you stay at Cosmo, you can get past the line and get in free.. . The venue itself is beautiful. 3 different levels, 3 different themes. The main floor is where most people are at. The night we were there, they had a special performer so it was WAAAAY too crowded. I didn't even feel like it was a dance floor. More like people just watching the DJ while shoving everyone around. The outside area of the main floor is very spacey, its a good place to chill to take a breather or talk to people. Theupstairs library area that isn't really anything unless you want to get lost with someone there ;). The downstairs has a hiphop room which actually had people dancing. I was there most of the time, because we actually had space to move around.. . The staircases here were also terribly designed. They should've took inspiration from Palms and used escalators instead to get from floor to floor. Regardless, the venue itself is glamorous and beautiful and you have to check this place out at least once. I'm sure on a less chaotic night, it'd be more fun. They better shape up and learn from their early mistakes.
Wow!!! Line wrapped around the corner, even for the guest list. Long wait to get in, but really cool/visually amazing layout inside. Favorite part - the balcony with the view of the city and the pool. It's also a great place to gather outside and talk with friends - but even that gets crowded. You want to do Vegas right, come here. Talk about classy, amazing and just all around worth it.. . Way crowded on the dance floor after 11 - packed like sardines and couldn't really even move. Amazing layout - it seemed very big but with intimate settings. Expensive drinks, but for the atmosphere I'd probably be willing to pay. Didn't realize there were other places to go in here. From what I heard bottle service is worth it. I'd like to give this place another try and see the other levels, as I didn't realize there weremultiple levels and house isn't really my thing.. . I'd love to give this place four stars because I was having fun until it became so packed that it stopped being fun because you couldn't even move - and after the fifth time of being stiletto'd and the ninth time of being pushed/groped/jostled by creepy guys, I had enough.
Maybe it was the crowd or probably the DJ, but this club did not impress. Yes the Decor and the club look over all was upscale and very appealing to the eye, but if people are not dancing then you have a problem. The maze of stairs and the feeling of being moved around like cattle was probably the most annoying. on the upside there is alot of outdoor seating, the View's of the strip were awesome and they did not cheap it out on the alcohol. And to comment on what other people wrote on here, yes the Security staff and Club staff are very friendly. I would give this Club one more chance.
First time here and I gotta say it was just OK. Multiple floors = walking stairs. No bueno when you are wearing heels. I liked the outdoor area because I could chill with my friends but the insidewas way too crowded. Above and Beyond was AHH-mazing though. I usually don't like trance but I really liked them. . . Overall, I much prefer XS as it is one floor and it doesn't feel stuffy even with tons of ppl inside.
GET IN LINE EARLY OR DON'T GET IN AT ALL! . . Okay I exaggerated!  But seriously, we had to wait at least 3 hours to get in because we didn't wait early enough (8 girls and 2 guys by the way). The bouncers wouldn't let us squat in line either! By the time we got in at 1:00am, our feet were in too much pain from standing to even dance. What a waste of three hours! We could have gone to a strip club instead!!!. . But wait, there's another way to avoid long lines: table! A group I knew who went there while ATB was playing spent $2500 on bottle service. But they got a free night at the Cosmopolitan! . . Alright that's not the reason why I gave it three stars. I mean you'd think that getting on the "guest list" means something, but no, you'll quickly realize that the guest list line is not any better. Maybe it's because Ferry Corsten was playing that night. Anyway, where is the guest list line exactly? Is it the guest list line that you don't have to pay for? Or is it the one you pay for to get in sooner but not as soon as you think? OR is it one of the multiple lines that gets combined together when it's passed 11:00pm when that guest list is closed so now all the lines are now general admission? YES!!! LINE UP EARLY PEOPLE OR SUFFER! (Unless you know a VIP host!) . . Anyway, the interior is so cool especially with the giant LED screen that cost $5 million, but the place is actually quite small compared to sister club TAO. You will suffocate from lack of oxygen, so make sure you go outside to catch a breather. Now... the route to exit is not so cool and not so high heel or drunk people friendly. Listen to the ladies here! We know best!!. . By the way, the service at Marquee stinks. Try not to get lost from your group. . . Okay I am confused about what I should really rate this club just as how I was confused about the guest list lines. It's just all mixed up. BUT, I am willing to give it a try again one day just to settle the score. There's my 2 cents!
I was astounded by the size but mostly by the sheer volume of people waiting to get in. I will confess that clubs are not my thing and therefore I wouldn't profess to know what makes one vastly different from another and also what makes one significantly better than the other. . We were seated after waiting briefly in the VIP line and were escorted up to the our table on the veranda. Service was fine if not a bit slow, but with all the moving parts to this monstrosity I was not surprised nor annoyed. All in all an interesting experience. I would come back but certainly not at the expense of waiting in the massive line or having to deal with the gobs of security constantly bullying patrons. . Security and hosts can be a bit obnoxious as we were constantly reminded that this is "THE club" in America right now. Ummmm... ok??
Came here the first night of my cousin's bday extravaganza, friday night. . .wht a love and hate relationship. . .loved that my grp got in free. . .hate all the stairs you have to climb just to get inside a room and to leave the club.. Don't like the idea of being intoxicated in 5 inch heels and climbing and going down stairs.  . The music was flowing. . .crowd was a mixture of old and young and totally packed.. loved the fact we got drink tickets heard the drinks were super pricey.
Was here on a Saturday night (kaskade) sometime in March. It's very beautifully decorated and has many rooms to explore. I personally liked the Library in which you can find a pool table, a fireplace, and a bar. and some chairs. It's so cozy. . . My friend who's a promoter here told us to come around 9pm so we did. and got a stamp and left for this open bar at Palazzio (or something) and stayed there until 1030? THen came back to Marquee, and  dang it was packed. But we didnt have to wait in line or anything 'cause we had re-entry  stamps on. . . Well, I know people complain about the stairs..and I always thought "oh come on, it can't be that bad. suck it up". Well............I HATE THE STAIRS!!!. I wont say any more on that. The main stage was so ridiculously full that I couldn't even raise my hand. I did not enjoy it.. I missed XS sooooo much. THank goddness I was sober the entire night. Or else I would've gotten myself hurt badly. . . I wana give it another shot but on a Friday night.
This was definitely a nice venue, but it didn't meet the hype that preceded it.  The layout is a little confusing, and house is not my choice of music.  So I figure I'll go to the boombox room (hip hop)...BIG mistake. There was no oxygen in there! If your hip hop room is that full, consider a bigger one or moving it to where that house crap is playing.  Our bottle service waitresses were great, really friendly.  For 14 people, we got this tiny area. Really? The 2 benches literally seated like 10.  Based on our headcount, they should've planned accordingly.  I would only go there again if someone was having an event there, otherwise I'll see what else is on the strip.
I was really sketch on coming here because new clubs with too much hype in Vegas, don't always deliver.  I had heard it was small and lots of stair climbing and not a lot of hip hop.  But I had to see for myself.  . . Okay, so I have a friend that works for Marquee so she was able to get my girls in for free and guys for $25, no wait, but we had to show up pretty early.  So we got in, no wait, no problem.. . My first impression was that the place is really lux and has that glitzy, high end look.  But majority of people are not cute, at all.  Lots of grenades.  I mean a lot.  I was shocked.  Lots of janky people, really.  I didn't get the high end, big money, modelesque feel from the crowd like you do at XS.  If you're coming here looking for uber good looking people, it's not the place.  If you have beer goggles on, okay.  Docked a star for an ok-looking crowd.. . We walked around the place to check things out but ended up spending the whole night posted at the bar in the Boom Box (aka hip hop) room.  It was small and the dance floor is small and really packed so we just made our own spot at the bar and partied the night away.  My good review may be biased since I was on Patron all night, so I had a really great time.. . I docked another star because more of my friends showed up later around midnight, half girls & half guys.  They let all the girls in for free but held the guys back for a long time.  When the guys finally got to the front of the line, they told them they had to pay double cover ($60) then the door goons changed their story and said they had to buy bottles to get in.  I think they let all the girls in the group in first, knowing the guys would have to pay since their girls are already in.  That seems really shady to me.  . . Honestly, I party a lot in Vegas and pay for tables/bottle service but I'm growing tired of this trend of door guards basically doing a shake down of tourists and demanding tips for every little thing.  I'm pretty sure club management and/or owners frown on this.  I'm sure there's some type of regulation that does not condone this activity.  But what can you do?
Finally got a chance to check out Marquee!. . Buying tickets ahead of time definitely saved us a lot of time! will call was fast and we got in right away. while the guestlist line barely moved! Avicii was playing the night we went, but the main room was just wayyyyy to packed to enjoy it, so we ended up in the hip hop room! The hip hop room was smaller, but the music was good all night! . . - 1 for being hella packed.. - 1 for the never ending stairs!
Pretty cool club- way crowded- 3 floors of crazy music... i think. . Hafta wear shoes- cant sit on the ground... My poor feet suffers major blister after dancing for way too many hours.. . Second floors plays your hip hop and top floor plays the trance stuff. I like to stick to the hip hop stuff.. . Overall, nice, but ugh.. them stairs one has to climb.. I have to take away some stars for that... 3 flights of stairs? ayi ya!
Ladies, a word of advice: Wear flats because wearing heels to Marquee is a painful decision thanks to the ridiculous amount of stairs. Why bother paying for gym membership, when ladies, assuming free admission, can get a full workout just by going to this club. I sure did with the flights of stairs I had to climb whenever I wanted to visit another level. Speaking of levels, there are three: Main Dance Floor which leads to the outdoor area, the Hip Hop Room, and the Library. I liked the size of the main dance floor, I enjoyed the music of the Hip Hop Room, and I appreciated the quiet of the Library. . . I expected more from this club after hearing how amazing it was. However, I can say that Marquee is overrated and not the best club that Vegas has to offer. But it's definitely a place you should go check out, at least to say you've been there. I probably won't want to come back until the hype and crowd dies down.
I love to dance.. . BUT. . I dislike going to clubs.. . I had no intention of going clubbing on my last trip to Vegas. However my cousin invited us with the guarantee that we wouldn't have to wait in a ridiculous line or pay cover. With that in mind, my sister and I were curious to check out the newest "hot spot" in Vegas so we decided to tag along.. . My cousin did deliver on that promise and we only had to wait about 5 minutes before we got in also for free. Outside the club was complete madness! Groups of people waiting in line and more groups trying to sneak their way in without waiting. . . I think we got in around 1AM and the main room was playing some type of techno music. Not my cup of tea. We checked out the pool area and it was really nice. But it was also crowded. If I was rating the day club I'd probably give 4-5 stars especially if you get the separate hot tubs.. . There are three rooms total: Main, BoomBox and Library. We only went to the BoomBox where they were playing Hip Hop music. Now that's the music I can dance to. However I didn't get to dance much because it was SOOO crowded! Not to mention the space is pretty small already. Also to get to this other room we had to climb some stairs. I believe I already mentioned my hatred of stairs in a club before. I swear it could be a disaster waiting to happen.. . Overall I still had fun but if I had to go to another club again I prefer XS at Encore.
Think Vegas: bright lights, beautiful people, unlimited debauchery... right?. Not quite what comes to mind when I think of Marquee.  Not that there aren't beautiful people, I'm sure there are...  But there's no way in hell you're going to see them in there.. Once you get past the daunting lines (unless you're in a bachelorette party and one of the girls has the hook-up, holla!), you're left with a sense of "holy shit, is this really what I waited for?"  Entrance to the club starts with a climb up about a bajillion flights of stairs (or at least it sure feels like it in heels!).  No special view, just dark staircases.  You finally make it to the club, good luck finding a spot to dance in.  We wandered for about fifteen minutes, found some outside area, and looked for a cabana to crash.  No welcoming cabanas, just a friendly guy to buy the bride a shot.. Fast forward twenty minutes, we find the girl who promised us a free table.  A free table turned into one free drink per girl.  Ok, thats fine with me.  The music was good, the bar continued to be dark & excessively cloudy, no matter where in the club we ended up.. We finally made it up to some little library/study looking room.  We got yelled at for leaning against the couch to fidget with our shoe, so we hightailed it out of there.  Apparently this was the room the big spenders paid ridiculous amounts of money to be ini, just to stare at another bunch of dudes in a library.  If that's your thing, enjoy!. Other than that, we just found ourselves wandering around the whole time, looking for a cool place to stake ourselves.  No luck, so we left for XS.. Only reasons I didn't dock too many stars: good music, good alcohol, and at least an *interesting* time.
Hmm... This is not a party it's a bunch of people standing around looking at each other. Some still in street clothes.... . I rolled into Marquee Dayclub on a Saturday afternoon with 3 other guys and was immediately disappointed by what I saw. I saw a bunch of people relaxing hanging out by the pool, I was expecting a pool party. I understand some people are just too good to actually have fun at a pool party but damn... Everybody?. . The DJ spun all techno but it was a special event so I don't think the music is always like that.... . The crowd was okay but nothing spectacular. I've definitely seen better at Tao Beach.. . Also as the sun starts to set (way before 5PM) it dips behind a building way too early in the day making it too cool to be at a pool in mid April.
It seems like the general idea to compete with XS/Surrender is to have a club that opens up into the swimming pool area. Not because it makes any real sense, but because it looks really really cool.. . Now Marquee seemed to have that idea in mind, having two floors, one really fucking small area for hip hop, and a visually stunning second floor that plays house music and opens up to the pool area. The pool area is a nice addition to the club, and it offers a good place to sit and talk to others and for people like me to cool off from the dance floor. The first floor is almost literally packed all the time, but the DJ's they have here are on point with the music. It hits hard and isn't awkward enough to throw in random periods of house music like XS does. There's a little side area on the first floor that lets you over look the strip, and seems to be kinda like an area for smokers to mingle.. . I've actually been here twice, once in February when it was barely open and they had people go through a bunch of stairwells to get to where you wanted to go, and most recently last Thursday, when only the first floor was open.  Marquee isn't that great of a club even though it is one of the newest ones on the strip, and is only worth going to when both floors are open.
Marquee AKA "the HOTTEST club in Vegas right now".  If this place hadn't been so hyped up, I'd probably be giving it 4 stars.. but given high expectations, it disappointed a little.  I personally thought it was just like any other mega-club.. although walking between the various floors in a set of stairs lit by bright lights was a damper on the vibe.  If you're into house/electronica, i heard this is the place to be (although the dance floors gets super crowded).  If you're more of a hip hop head like me, there is a hip-hop/top 40 room but it's small.  I heard the soundsystem is the best in Vegas.. but they should have spent more money on decorations (i.e. XS, Surrender, Tryst have notable decor).. . I might be back again to check this place out, but in my opinion, XS is still the king of the Vegas nightclub scene
Marquee Nightclub: A Haiku. . Beware of drunk girls. Stumbling in their platform shoes.. That's a lot o' stairs.
If you like House, this is the place to be. There is a tiny hip hop room one level down. Make sure you get on the glist, arrive around 8pm, wait in line for 30-45 mins, girls are free if they are onglist, guys pay $45-50. This is a nice and spacious venue.
Nice place, but if you are looking for a high energy experience, try rain or Insert Coins
Stairs - my worst enemy when I'm drinking.. . Everything else is what you expect from an Las Vegas nightclub.. . 3.5
I wouldn't really classify myself as a "club-goer", but I was in Vegas and I felt like dancing! By reading the other reviews it sounds like they charge to get in. My boyfriend and I were on a list and didn't have to pay (that feels impossible to write without sounding like a jerk) the cover charge, but I don't feel like its worth a $40 entrance fee. I will say that I don't feel that there's anything else like this on the strip. . I loved that there was a huge outside area poolside, where you are surrounded by infinity Jacuzzis. My boyfriend and I sat in a hanging eggshell chair at the end of the outdoor area for quite a while, just enjoying the show. Fun people watching.. Having a club partially outside is a great way to catch a breather, or to just choose your vibe..  After a run to the bathroom (super fun bathrooms, worth the visit), we decided to do some dancing. The LED background is neat, I especially liked that on one of the upper floors you can walk behind it. The dancefloor however is pretty tiny for a 60,000 sq foot club, and it being that size, you get the sense that they'll pretty much let anyone in. I encountered more than a few obnoxious people, with bad dance floor manners, but I guess that's just par for the course.. They had a great light system that they didn't put to much use.. . So why the three stars? One word:. STAIRS.. There's a stairwell to go up to the two other rooms at the club, one which is a mini version of marquee, a little darker, with a bar and a dance floor. The other is more of a lounge, with a euro feel, complete with fireplace and billiard tables. It's much more quiet and intimate. Its more than a little incongruous when paired with Marquee, but it was pretty empty, I think because it was around 5 flights of stairs to get their, and it was pretty warm. Only plus side is they have guys stationed at all the landings, just to make sure you don't fall down.. This place would be a disaster in a fire. Your mind cant help but go there.. Now here's the kicker.. You take an elevator to go up to the club, and you cant take one down until one am. So if you want to leave before that, too bad, you're taking the stairs. Be prepared to exit through your typical office building industrial metal stair case that goes on and on and on...... I'm in good shape, and I had to stop a few times and catch my breath. I counted, and I think from top on the club to bottom, I counted 13 sets of stairs. Its excessive, but the upside is you'll definitely be feeling your glutes in the morning, especially if you're wearing heels.
oh marquee.. . busy weekends = be sure to get presales!  i got mine for 20 and it was 60 for girls at the door!. . i don't remember much, but i remember A LOT of stairs!  we were there for ATB/LBL.  atb's planned set was AWESOME... but given that he had to make up for LBL's delayed flight... i believe he played until 4:30am and by then i was on the point of collapsing.. . though we did stay until 6am, near the end of his set.  we went outside AND IT WAS BRIGHT.  they had put curtains up so people would not see the sunlight come in!. . the stage area was not huge.  it definitely got crowded, and there were a lot of people shoving.  there were a lot of angry little asian girls that thought people were pushing them on purpose nearby us... sweetie, it's called the domino effect.  this place was packed with tiny, angry asian girls and some weird creepy guys (straight up grabbing hair).. . if it weren't for the performers, i much prefer xs over marquee.
Don't hate me for saying this but.... marquee is... OVERRATED.  I went for the first time back in March and couldn't remember a thing. Then I went back over Memorial Day Weekend to see Markus Schulz, albeit with very high expectations. Overall, wasn't that impressed. . . First of all, it is INSANELY confusing to get into this club. First floor, second, third, fourth? Where do you start? It is so confusing. Whatever happened to ONE entrance and ONE exit? The other not-so-helping aspect about this already confusing club is that the bouncers/security people aren't all on the same page. They all tell you different things, sending you on a wild goose chase to find the mystical entrance. We eventually got in, so yay, but I definitely lost my buzz in the process.. . The outside of the club is really cool. It's set up around a pool and there are pretty lights everywhere. The inside... it's regular. The pictures you see on the website don't resemble the inside at all in terms of lighting. It's all black/dark, I really didn't see anything special about the "main floor" at all. There's a huge screen in front of you, but it's really nothing spectacular. Also, the main dance floor area has been described to me multiple times as a "mosh pit of dancing dudes." This couldn't have been more true. . . The funny part is that when you leave, they make you all take the same elevators down to the exit. Oh, so NOW there's one way to exit, but really?? You're going to make thousands of people take the same way out... via elevator? . . Whoever designed this place... smh. The bathrooms are in the WORST location, they put them in some back far corner. Clubs aren't supposed to be confusing, especially since you'd expect people to be drunk inside them. Overall, I'm not impressed. It's really overhyped.
Too much hype with this night club. I personally like XS or Surrender better. The dance floor is too small, and of course it is ALWAYS packed. The outside is more breathable, but still it is small. Again, WAY TOO CROWDED. They have other levels, but everyone crowds to the top. . . I must applaud them for doing the best they can w/ the space. They have acrobatic performers dancing around the top, at least when Kaskade was DJ-ing.. . Also, the dancers are HOT! And plenty shaking their asses!. . Of course, I do suggest checking this place out at least once... to be in the know-all :) !
Since my first visit at Marquee, my experience has gone WAY downhill. Last weekend, our group headed over to the club and hopped into the guest list line (each one of us put ourselves onto the Eventvibe list and even got email confirmations for it.) Out of 18 of us, not ONE of us were on the guest list for some odd unknown reason. Luckily, we had passes from promoters that took care of us, but I thought the whole website (that was legit, because we've used it before) was a little disorganized and confusing to say the least. Also, it seems like they changed their entry lines when before, certain guest lists were located on different floors, and then last weekend, the bouncers told us there is only one guest list now. After the whole guest list fiasco, we left to pre-party in our room and when we returned, we were sent off on a wild goose chase by different bouncers to find the re-entry for the club! Actually, that might have been the funnest part of the night. Once we were in, it was claustrophobia to the nth degree. In my opinion, they should switch the hip hop room to the main floor every so often but again, that's just me... Great if you're into EDM and all, but I most definitely am not... =\
Let me first preface by saying this club was THE place to be for a Saturday night in Vegas, especially to celebrate the eve of my birthday. Thanks Remie M. for getting all of us in!!!. . The Cosmopolitan is a beautiful and modern hotel and Marquee nightclub is a great accompaniment to that. There was beautiful decor and beautiful people galore. That being said, the design itself is left to be desired. There are lots of stairs to take in-between levels, which is not so fun when you have high heels on. Also, the first level where they played hip-hop was waaaaay too crowded. My friends and I were trying to make our way to the dance floor and nearly got trampled. We turned right back around and wound up spending the rest of the night outdoors by the pool where they were playing trance music. . . So it was cool, but I've been to better.
I'm not gonna lie.  I didn't last very long in here before I suddenly decided to up and go.. . The pros:. -We had a cool promoterwho walked us in so we didn't have to wait. But that doesn't really have a lot to do with the club.. -Free drink tickets when you sign up for something with your email in the bathroom.  I signed up twice for some reason. . -It seemed cool enough on the dance floor and whatnot?. . The cons:. -Those stairs are a lawsuit waiting to happen.  Who was dumb enough to create a club with industrial, metal stairs where girls walk around in heels and everyone is drunk?! Really?!. . Four stars for the free drinks and vibe.  1 star for the stairs. Come on: I am being pretty generous here.
Now I would give Marquee 5 stars but considering the fact that its huge as F*** and i either i got pickpocketed OR i lost my stuff thanks to DJ chuckie it gets 3 stars lol..... . having said that let me start my review hehehe. . This place has 3 rooms and they all get crowded so unless you have a BS then you almost outta luck lol....you just need to get drunk and party!!!! . Main room is for EDM heads. Boom Box is for Hiphiop heads. Library is for anybody really. . They sell flipslops in the bathroom for girls for $10 even though its not a good look its better than being barefoot ;). . i went Friday for Chuckie and Gia Lee helped us get in free (by 9:30pm). i went Saturday for Roger Sanchez and my JC friend had Bottle Service. . same crowd really, would i go back? maybe but only if one of my fav EDM djs was there again its alot of other places i havent gone yet
This is a weird place.  I wanted to love it, I really did, but I have to tell the truth.  The club was mobbed and seemed to be as hot a spot as there is in Vegas, but on closer inspection, it was really not so hot.  I had much better experiences at Tao and XS for nightclubs.  I had much better experiences at pool parties at Wet Republic and Encore.  I actually went into a Marquee pool party and left after 5 minutes to spend the day at the hotel pool.  The hotel pool kind of blew away Marquee in every way. .   I wanted to love it, I swear, but it wasn't happening.  Sad but true...
This was our first, and only, club experience in Vegas and while I can say that the club was sick with all of the different rooms and jam packed with hott people it was way too packed for just the two of us. Maybe if we had gone with a group of people it would have been better but since it was only the two of us it wasn't that much fun. We weren't able to find a comfortable spot for just the two of us to dance unless it was right in between to huge groups and then we kept getting bumped into. We found another spot but it was right by an entrance way so again lots of bumping into people. I now understand why people are willing to drop $1,500 min on a table so that they can have their own private section and be able to dance! . . Maybe it wasn't the club - I think we just came to realize that we are not club people, when we come to Vegas we come to eat =)
having all my friends rave and rant about how 'bad ass" or amazing this place is, i had to check it out myself. went there Saturday night for a few friends bdays. the venue itself is a good place,. .  the outside main floor is very spacious and looks nice. i wish that the main floor played some hip-hop and not trace/house music. there are fewer places you can find a good hip-hop club. . . the hip-hop floor was over packed but they played awesome music. the dj knew how to get that place moving. . . one of the major downfalls of this club was the stairs, there were always tons of people walking up and down and could take a while moving fromone floor to the other. and the lines are crazy long. we  left the club around 4:30a.m. and there were still people waiting in line.. . i guess you gotta experience this place at least once but i think i have had my fill of the marquee..
Came here for the dayclub in Mid-May. When I pictured a Vegas pool party I imagined Marquee, but a whole lot bigger! Marquee Dayclub was a lot smaller than I thought. We got a "hook-up" from a promoter, but later found out the guys standing outside the club handing out the fliers were giving out the same exact deal. We endedup having to wait in line for 20-30 minutes before being let in. Than we had to be split up cuz our group was too big. We finally got in at noon and it was already packed. There was no where to sit. Even the edges of the pool and planters were occupied with people. At first I imagined having a crappy time because we had no where to post. I wasn't about to stand around all day! My guy friends realized that the only way we would have a good time was to buy a daybed. They wouldn't tell the girls how much it was but considering it was in the middle of the splash pool it had to be at least $1,000. We had a pretty nice spot next to the water fall and bar. We had a good time together dancing, drinking, and we even got to see and talk to Rihanna! She complimented my friends and I on our dancing (since we are all dancers). I think this was the highlight of my day here. At the end of the day we found out that along with the day bed we had to spend a MINIMUM of $500 on drinks!! Most of the group was already to go so the ones paying the bill had to stay behind and order a couple more drinks to reach the minimum. Don't ask me why they didn't tell us this before. I had a great time with my friends, but the club itself was just ok. Next time I'd prefer a place a lot more spacious... and informative.
Came here on Sunday night during Memorial Day weekend. Armin van Buren was headlined to DJ, but I don't even know if he ever came on (we stayed till 2am). It's only worth it if you have a table. We had one outside, but it was hard to enjoy because it was so freaking windy and cold that night!  Tried to go inside to get some warmth back in my cheeks, but it was a maze just to get through the club because the set-up is 95% tables, 5% dancing/standing room.  Can't stand in one place for too long cuz you have people bumping into you also trying to get through or the bouncers telling you to move it along.
Nightclub: Hotel guest discount; take an elevator to get to the floor, a lot of people having a good time, go-go dancers weren't that great. DJ? ugh. I'm sorry but he was blowhorn happy before each song, and played a lot of songs that didn't have smooth transitions. There was a lot of stopping between songs to find the groove again. . . Dayclub: hotel guestdiscount . (without hookup) expensive as f*ck. Can't sit anywhere without having a reservations, felt like you couldn't touch anything either without having a reservation. Drinks were $14 for a small cup and $50 for a pitcher WOW. Pool party? but you don't swim. You put on full blown makeup, jewelry, get yo hair did, and God-forbid if you splash. Keep your drinks at poolside or get yelled at by security even though there's boxes in the middle of the pool that make it look like you can put your drinks there (which would've been a better, and cooler idea anyway). Only plus side? Open bar for ladies 1-3pm. TAKE ADVANTAGE.. . (with hookup/or have baller money?): canopied bed in the pool, open bar at all times, personal waitress, get wasted, make drunk friends =]
I guarantee that just one look at this place will have your stomach cringing at its forecast of a morning hangover.. . It took a while for 8 girls to get ready in 2 bathrooms, so by the time we made it into the guest list line, they were just about ready to shut down the velvet ropes. Even then, lined up like sexy little lemmings (and huddled amongst a combination of "barely 21's" and seasoned club rats), it still took us one hour to reach the elevators that would take us to... the most crowded club any of us had ever been in.. . Marquee is 3 floors of frat house... if that's your thing, then this place will rock-your-world. Being on the verge of 28, and having already lived (and happily passed through) that chapter in my life, I found the club to be WAY too crowded for my taste. But even with all of the bodies pressed against one another, I count my blessings in that (1) no one stepped on my toes that were quaintly peeking out of my awesome new wedge heels, and (2) no one knocked my overpriced cran-vodka out of my hand OR spilled their drinks on my way-too-cute body hugging teal dress.. . Overall, a BEAUTIFUL club - aesthetically. Big, and just what you expect out of a Las Vegas hot spot. Amazing location, nestled in the very hip Cosmopolitan hotel. Variety in music, with three floors playing different genres of your favorite dance mixes... but for me, a solid 3 (-1 for size of crowd, and -1 for type of crowd).
Do you like walking...a lot...in heels...up and down a buttload of stairs? If you do, this is thee place for you! Lol There are three floors and you go up and down a ton of stairs to get around. Usually you can find some space to dance, but it was pretty tight. Outside patio area was nice, but hot as hell. It didn't feel that hot if you were outside walking around on the strip. Just no air circulation or something. There was a loooong line at about 10pm when we got up to the club. Super happy our large group got pulled up to the front and no cover. Score!. . The bouncers were pretty rude as some others have mentioned. The dance floor "closed" about30-1 hour before the club. That sucked. Two of my friends made it down, but all of a sudden the bouncers arms started pushing people back. You don't have to sound like a dick to get your point across.. . Women's bathroom had a decent lounge area with mirrors to primp. Didn't have to wait in any line to peeeee! (Girls you understand what I mean).. . Had a great time with my girls, but will opt out of returning. (It says 2 check-ins, but I've only been here once).
Too many stairs and need better AC system!!!  The place is not bad...classy...multi-rooms in multi-levels..though the multi-level is a bitch!  If you are trying to walk around or find someone...good luck!  Place is kind of a maze too...well, maybe I was drunk.  We had a table in the Hip-Hop room (mid-floor??)  and I needed the restroom...I asked the bouncer where the toilet is and he said it was upstairs....WOW!  So I guess there is no restrooms on the mid-floor??  Took me about 25 minutes to get through and find the restrooms on some other floor...then took me another 15 minutes to get back to my table...what an adventure...!!
Honestly, I think this place is way over-hyped just because it is the newer of the clubs in Vegas. I do give the place props for having an amazing outside area though. The lights, pool, and overall atmosphere really reminded me of a smaller version of XS. They did a really good job of keeping the girl to guy ratio high. Flocks of girls would be strolling into the club in the beginning. . . But seriously, is it REALLY necessary to have girls in 4-inch heels walk up 5 flights of stairs before being able to get into the club?? The design of the entrance was definitely not optimal, they could have had an elevator at least, and the stairs were the janky aluminum looking kinds they have in emergency stairways. My feet were killing me by the time I reached the first level of the club. Then of course you want to explore the rest of the club, so we ended up walking up 2 more flights of stairs to reach the top, so you could only imagine how much pain we were in.. . Also, I think we came on a really bad night. ATB was playing, so the club was especially packed, not to mention that it was 97 degrees the entire night. The combination of people bumping into me left and right and being all sticky and sweaty due to the weather left me with a pretty bad experience and memory of my Saturday night at Marquee. Maybe I'll come again on a night that won't be as packed.
Ok, I'm not a big vegas club maven, but I've danced my fair share of nights away.  I really liked Marquis.  Maybe because as a hotel guest, we got in free?  Maybe because it's got a great indoor AND outdoor dance area. We found a little area around the corner to the left when you go outside that has little daybeds and tables.  We just hung around for a few minutes and claimed a few.. . Yes, well drinks are $12 bucks...but we tipped the outdoor bartender well and he made sure our drinks were worth it all night.. . Ladies - if your feet are killing you because you thought somehow you could live all night in those insane stiettos, never fear, they sell flip flops in the restroom for $10.. . OR just stay at the best hotel ever, take your shoes off when you leave the club and take the old elevator upstairs:-)
The Cosmopolitan hotel was breathtaking, whatever team designed it did one hell of a job. But honestly, I couldn't say I was blown away by Marquee.. . I agree with the other reviewers who believe the layout of the club wasn't well-thought through. There's no excuse for any club to reserve half their floor space for bottle service tables, leaving little space for tired ladies with swollen, callused feet to rest. For those of you who have been to XS before: Remember how you could like dip your pretty little feet in the pool for temporary relief? Well forget that shit here because you can't. Maybe you could sit in those cute swinging chairs to chill out for a min? OH NOPE NEVERMIND, WHY? BECAUSE THERE'S ONLY 2 OF THEM. And you know, it didn't help that there were too many flights of stairs to deal with...for getting to the club, roaming the inside, and exiting the club. So THINK AGAIN if you chicks want to LEAVE the club for a little bit, because it's a f'ing journey to get anywhere beyond the clubbing grounds...Or even getting to the bathrooms for that matter with a hallway that might as well include VIP tables since they're bottle-service crazy. Jeez.. . The main dance floor was below average in terms of size, and in no way did I consider migrating to the jam-packed basement (or I meant their Top 40's dancefloor if that's what they wanna go by). The outdoor area was nice to look out, but that's really all the value it has in my opinion. Couldn't really enjoy it in the 95 degree weather. Also, some of their floor areas need some serious waxing because I felt like I was going to slip in my heels.. . So, what did I enjoy then? Those outdoor lounging chairs on the way out from the club. Just because you get to lie down while simultaneously observe guys take photos of chicks at cooch level.
I shopped at a douchebag-esque, Ed Hardy type of boutique when looking for dark denim men's jeans. Looking at the merch and eventually buying a pair asked, "why all the bling, why so gaudy?" Yeah, I was rude enough to give a backhanded compliment. She replied, "cause it's Vegas. Go big or go home. This ain't California. This ain't hippy." Touche, snatch, touche.. . I would've been better off spending my time at the spa. . . You see, I'm not too fond of Vegas clubs; getting dressed in upscale attire, waiting in line to get in, paying crazy cover charge (not always) then making your way through a multi-leveled club that feels at overcapacity. Don't even get me going on getting a drink at the bar and paying a grossly amount on watered down "liquor." . . I'm a t-shirt and jeans kinda gal who'd prefer to just go down to the local bar/pub and enjoy my time muss-free with a good beer in hand and maybe a round of pool. Since we were in town celebrating my BFF's 'Fine at 29' weekend we had no choice but to check the hottest club in Las Vegas at the moment. Suck it up. I guess I'll quit my bitching now.. . As guests of the hotel we got free passes and was lucky enough to go through a very fast "hotel guest's line." Whew! After making our way through the back entrance and walking up several flights of stairs, bumping into one of the backstreet boys all the while singing, "Cry me a River," we entered Marquee. First point of order, hit the bar-find friends later.. . Wandering through the different "music" floors and checking out the open aired patio we spent most of our time in the hip hop room, 3rd floor if I remember correctly.  After discovering our friends dancing in the middle of the floor and having gotten a drink spilled on me squeezing my way through the gyrating crowd, we found it easier to chill outside along the breezeway where we can enjoy fresh air, conversation, smokes and drinks all while throwing our hands in the air like we just don't care.. . We didn't get back to our room until dawn, normal for Vegas standards but tell that to my sleeping toddler who then got up at 730am ready to hit the pool. Not a fun day for this mother bear I'll tell you. You can bet that would be our very last time clubbing Vegas style.. . Note: Bar kiosks found along the sides of the club floors offered beer. A plus for my beer drinking husband. Women's restrooms were surprisingly a breeze to get in and out of.
- Nightclub Review -. . Staying at the Cosmo with a couple of friends, we decided to drop by Marquee early to get our free admission stamp (compliments of being a hotel guest) so we wouldn't have to wait in those long lines. For the most part, we all got in for free, expect for one of my friends because they said his ID wasn't him. My friend normally wears glasses where as his ID had no glasses. The security guard still wouldn't let him in, even though it was legally his license. It was pretty messed up because the guy didn't even backlight it or ask a fellow guard to compare. It's Vegas and sometimes those security rules hit hard (especially for the guys). My short rant is this: I know security has to be tough and all (while they play favorites), but does it really hurt to double check IDs? . . After getting our stamps, we hopped out of line to devise a new plan. We were celebrating a birthday, so we wouldn't let a bump in the road ruin our night. Eventually some of us went back in, while others parted ways to another club.. . Upon re-entry, which is located on a different level, were a flight of endless stairs. As we walked up these fire exit stairwells, we would see people going in and out. This is the part that doesn't feel like a club because you're walking under fluorescent light bulbs with fine young ladies, who are all dressed to impress, and it looks like they're walking though a warehouse. Maybe they should find another way to let people back in, instead of using the fire exits.. . We entered what I think was the 2nd floor. The lighting of the room was red. It was super hot because the room was tiny! Way too many people on this floor were sweaty and too close for my comfort. This floor was horrible.. . We ventured to the top floor. MUCH BETTER. It's more open with half of the club being inside, while the other half is outside. The top floor is the best by far! Skip all the other levels, this is the best part of the club.. . The inside dance floor will get the most crowded because of the stage and the video screen. The areas around it, which circle the dance floor, have a lot of bottle service tables. The front and back bars have a nice area to hang around and chill.. . The outside area was my favorite though because of the open space, the cabanas and the pool that featured girls as mermaids swimming around. They literally had a fin-piece suit for their legs. To get out they had to be carted off. The outside also features it's own DJ with their own video screen, two bars, a corner to gamble and what seems to be a lot more friendly people since you're not all jammed up in the corner with one another.. . Overall this was a good Vegas nightclub, but I have to minus points for the security and layout. The music was good and I liked the crowd. I had a lot of fun. It's the people you go with and the fun ones you encounter that make it more memorable.
This club is crazy!! It's absolutely gorgeous but talk about packed on a Saturday night. If you get separated from your group of friends good luck ever finding them again. It's really confusing finding your way around and getting a drink is nearly impossible. The dance floors are so packed you can't even dance... just stand there and get pushed side to side by the mob of people. . I did get to watch a girl barf into one of theplanters holding a palm tree! All I could think about was "poor palm tree" and I'm sure that's not the first or last time it's had barf instead of water! Gross!
This review is for the nightclub only. I had heard sooo much about Marque and how amazing it was that I had to check it out for myself. My friends and I didn't want to take any chances and got there before 11 on a promoter's list. Be sure to get in touch with some sort of promoter or list if possible because the general admission line is pretty ridiculous. When we first arrived it wasn't too bad. I thought the decor was pretty simple though. Its super dark in there though so I would suggest to take it easy on the alcohol. The DJ was pretty great. We were on the hip hop floor and had a great time for the first hour. After that it got soooo packed. Like ridiculously crowded to where it wasn't even possible to dance anymore.  If it wasn't for the amount of people squished in the hip hop room I'm sure my experience would have been better. Perhaps I'll give it another shot on a slower night.
The girl who never, never, NEVER clubs went to a club.. . Long story short I had a group of girls/cousins come into Las Vegas for a bachelorette party. They needed a club to go to on Monday night - Marquee is open on Monday night - 1 star!. . On Yelp I asked for some help to find a promoter/host for a club on a Monday night and I was referred to Gia Lee at Marquee - found her on Facebook and got all 17 girls into the club, VIP line, with open bar from 10 pm to 11 pm - 1 more star!. . Although I am NOT a club-goer (I used to be) I do LOVE The Cosmopolitan, and since I have high expectations for places in the Cosmo, Marquee was no exception. And Marquee delivered. I loved the look and layout of the club, plenty of accessible bars, an outside and indoor dancing area. The pool part of the club was especially my favorite. 1 more star!. . My complaint #1 is the same complaint for ALL Las Vegas clubs; even with being guest listed my group STILL had to wait in a line. It's just annoying. I wish they would stream-line the process. If I'm going through a promoter, why can't she just walk me in? Why do I have to deal with the club-thugs (as I like to call them)? *sigh* I guess it's all part of the "experience".. . Complaint #2 and this is a big one. When I went to leave the club I left by myself. I went directly to the elevators that I had come up in. The club-thugs at the elevators pointed me to a flight of stairs. WHAT. THE. F*CK. Yes, the profanity is definitely needed. ARE YOU KIDDING ME, MARQUEE? How dare your club-thugs make me use a flight of stairs in high-heels and drunk. Even at The Palms they let you take the elevator back down (yes, it is many more stories), but STILL. That needs to stop immediately. If it weren't for that ending I probably would have given 4-stars.
I didn't really have a good experience at Marquee but that has a little to do with the fact that I was completely sober and the company I was with as well. . . We were on the guestlist for Marquee so my friend and I rushed to get ready to go to the Cosmopolitan where Marquee is located. Because of this, we didn't have any time to pregame at all. But honestly, with such long lines, even if we did have time, the buzz would have worn off long before we get in. . . So, even though I was told being on the guest list, you skip the line and cover before 11, the guest list line was crazy long. We lucked out because when I went to ask the bouncer how long the wait would be and what not, the party in front of us apparently didn't have an even boy-girl ratio so they asked if we wanted to join them to go in and go our separate ways from there. So we did that. They were hotel guests so their line was a lot shorter than ours but we still had to wait a good hour before getting in and they were each only able to bring in one girl (one of the guys in their party digged out) so I let my friend go in for free and I just paid the $20. . . Once inside, it was super packed so my friend got really annoyed and wanted to leave after 10 minutes. I really want to try visiting Marquee again someday with other friends (a bigger group next time since everyone decided against joining us). . . It's pretty cool though if you don't mind crowds and lines and if you're in the mood for clubbing.  There's 3 floors but the top floor is a little boring. One floor is for house and trance music while the other one plays hip hop. The floor with the house music is where the party's at though.
Getting in was a bit of a problem but that's Vegas for you. I just wish security guards weren't such dicks. Just because you couldn't make it through police academy doesn't mean you have to take it out on us! . . Anyways, the club itself was really fun. The outdoor area is a lot better and you can actually talk to people. The interior wasn't anything special but they had an amazing DJ and lights. They even threw giant glowsticks into the crowd, which was cool. I was most impressed by the bathrooms and how organized everything was. The owners get major props for that.
Okay, I'm mainly scoring this place based on the freakin' STAIRS.  Yes, yes, I know I don't have to wear 5 inch heels, but c'mon, at every other club I would've be able to last the night, but goodness....after entering through those stairs, my feet gave up after 20 minutes.   Then I had to trek all the way down the same stairs to exit the club.  I don't know if there was another exit/entrance, but the bouncer told me that was the only way out.  FML.. . Other than that, the club itself was very nice.  The patio area was gorgeous and a nice break from the crowded dance floor.  My friends played craps outside and won, so that was exciting as well.  Music was good and drinks were expensive (but it's vegas). . . I would go back, but I might have to take some flip-flops with me.
I'm long overdue on writing a review, so let's kick it off with a Vegas Review again since Vegas is my second home. . . Marquee- amazing when you get in and its not so packed but after awhile it gets wayyyyyyyyyyyy to packed. I understand that this is the newest nightclub and everyone wants to be here but come on its very overwhelming.. . Pros: great music, gorgeous people. . Cons: wayyyyyy to crowded, they block off the main floor, lots of different rooms you can hop around but its always super packed they definitely need to expand the hiphop room because hiphop is a staple in clubs also. You will lose people in the club and its not fun. The wait time because you have to go up the elevator and 1:1 ratio when you go to the club. Bouncers were yelling at girls how they needed a guy and everyones scrambling and Cover fee is super steap its ridiculous. . . The club gets a little much because its the newest but I still opt for XS over Marquee due to the fact that its sooooo over crowded and its ridiculous you see people standing all over the place and it doesn't look good.
It's the hottest new club right now, so of course I had to see what it was all about.  . . There's a line to get in on the first floor and another line for girls only on the second floor.  We went around 10 on a Saturday night and waited about 45 min.  I recommend bringing a beverage to help pass the time.  We were on a list, so there was no cover, but guys were paying at least $60 that night.  I feel sorry for the guys in Vegas.. . The layout of the club is cool because the first floor has a hip hop room, the second floor has the house music and an outdoor area, and the third floor is a chill room with table service, a pool table and it's decorated like a library.  None of the dance floors are that big though.  It also sucks that stairs are the main way to get from area to area.  High heels plus lots of stairs equals no bueno.  . . For the short time I was in the hip hop room, they played mostly old school stuff.  The DJ in the house room played good music, but it was incredibly annoying finding room to dance.  We ended up spending most of the time in the library room since we made friends with a bachelorette party that abandoned their table, so we had somewhere to sit.  . . Maybe I'll give it another shot when the hype dies down.
Came here on Monday night.  Heard lots of good reviews.  Their hip hop room is very small.  Not a lot of good music was playing (compared to Vanity).  The pool area was packed, the main room was the best place to be.  A mixture of house, electronic, & hip hop.  Packed as well.  The library SUCKS!
I LOVE MARQUEE, don't get me wrong...but seriously...they're method of exit is HORRIBLE! Did they run out of money or something? Going down all those stairs in already sore feet with heels on is not fun...come on...who was the genius behind that one? Does a girl have to get shit faced in order to use their elevator to exit? Had to take 2 stars away for that one.... . But otherwise it's a great place to party!
the stairs? a horrible idea.
The BIGGEST club I have ever been too.  Multiple floors with an awesome outdoor area with a pool smack dab in the middlle. The dance floors get packed, especially the one playing hip hop music. The night me and my 6 galpals went, DJ Kascade happened to be there doing his thing. The best part of the night were the STRONG DRINKS our bartender kept giving us.. . As for getting in to the club, we had a promoter who told us to be in a certain line at a certain time so we wouldn't have to pay a cover. We got there by the expected time only to be corralled in a large line with other groups of people whose own promoters also told them the same thing. After a 20 minute wait we eventually got in, although there were lines a plenty with people crammed in every single line.  . . I'd come back just for the rather large outdoor area, but the lines to get into the club are pretty ridiculous even if you know a promoter.
OMG. Stairs. Stairs Stairs... and ugly metal ones to add to that. Enough to make a girl hate her heels and ignore the security guard when they told me that i'm not allowed to go barefoot.. . I don't even know how many floors there were. Like 3 or 4? We got there pretty early at like 10pm, but it got crowded reallly fast. The line is pretty insane, even at like 2pm when were left, but luckily we got to skip all that. . . All I remember was the upper level with the rooftop pool/lounge which sucks if you don't have VIP because there are NO seats anywhere. And the music started out good but by the end of our night, it got worse and we were tired and there was no where to sit!. . We ended the night at the library floor I think and that was crowded as well.. . The decor was nice and it was cool that there was so many floors, but that meant annoying stairs. Also, crowded dance floors, no place to sit anywhere unless you have VIP... I think I'll probably pass on this place next time. Or wear flats.
wanted to check out xs for my last night but we were already having dinner at cosmo so my friend didnt want to go there.. lazyy... . after finishing up dinner at wicked spoon, the guys in our group went to get in line.. i went with my other friend up to the their room to grab the rest of the girls.. in the sea of people in line, i couldn't find the guys.. someone told us to get in the hotel guests line on the 3rd floor.. glad we did bc it only took 15min to get in, however, through that line you had to goup many flights of stairs to get inside =( when we found the guys we were told they had to wait in 1hr+ line on the 2nd floor/main entrance, oh too bad for them, if only they asked they would've found out they could've gone through the hotel guests line... . the stage, lights, visuals were as i expected but the dance floor was too small to my surprise.. the dj's (porter robinson and diplo) that night were good.. after dancing on the main floor for a little bit, i couldnt take that it was so crowded and spent most of the night in the outside area..bc no one was really dancing outside and didn't want to go through the main floor again for a spot to dance..i got bored and wanted to go back to our hotel.. my friend and i left and everyone had go down those many flights of stairs to exit.. not fun... . i'd only go back to marquee nightclub for a good dj i knew was going to be there.. i wouldn't mind checking out the dayclub sometime though... . ----------. quick update:. came here again on my next trip and had a good time.. we had dinner across the strip so we went straight here to get stamped for being on gl.. our promoter lead us and the other sea of girls up the escalator (never in my life have i seen an escalator and more filled w hot girls going up while the suckers aka guys were all on the escalator going down to pay for cover haha) we went to the line on the 3rd fl and line went by quickly..i cant believe we got in for free for kaskade!! (his '12 residency is amazing and was 3hrs, btw) anyway, we got our stamps and stayed for 30min before leaving while the opener was still on.. we came back in time for kaskade and the re-entry line wasn't bad at all.. i finally got the chance to check out xs the night before and honestly prefer it over marquee a tad bit..
This club is probably the nicest place i have ever been. When i hit the lottery I'll probably base my backyard like the main level of this club.. . The music wasn't really my skeez, not really into trance or techno.  Thankfully they had a very crammed hip hop room which is where i spent most of my time.. . There's a lot of people that are in shape that go to this club.  I say their in shape because these crazy muthaf*ckers be going up and down 4 level stairs.  My fatass just stayed in the hip hop room."Mike you mustve been dancing your ass off..." i say "nah just visiting the other rooms".... . Got a lot ofdoush bags that come here, by doushe bag i mean foo's that watched one too many episodes of jersey shore.  Don't get me wrong, i love jersey shore, but seems like these fellas want you girls to think they was part of the show.. . Definately a good place to check out, has a little for everyone (mostly trance)...Good luck with the line if you're not getting bottle service.
SO many reviews already talking about how long time lines are, the dreaded stairs, blah blah blah.. This club is over-rated. It really is, if it wasn't for the big house/trance head-liners who DJ's here. That is the only reason why I go to Marquee and will return to Marquee. . . One of the main problems that many clubbers face is not the $ issue its  the fact that Marquee has Long chaotic line! If you are not there early, have table reservations, or no connections, you will be waiting for a long time! Save yourself the worries of whether you will be getting in or not by buying the presale tickets online (ESP guys) or be there super early. If you want to stroll in to the club later or want to skip the long lines and free/reduced admissions without getting table service, you will need to know and contact a host, and i'm not talking about some junior rookie host either because they do not have seniority and most will just give you discount passes (girls free/guys $5~10 off)  like the rest of the folks on the streets of lv blvd...someone on the executive/senior level would be nice... who can better accomodate you.. . While taking the escalators to Marquee, there were tons of people walking out telling us how the line is so long, no one will get in, goodluck getting in, etc etc. But that didn't stop us since we had a host. . The bouncers weren't particulary assholes but i can see they can be. Our group had 8 girls and 2 guys. While the girls were busy taking pictures in front of that big ol red shoes (lol!) the bf was walking towards the club, and the bouncer said he won't be getting in because of his shoes! (vans.lol) I was thinking like Noooo! . . At this point, i'm thinking wth! his shoes aren't even that bad. It's black and not dirty... I told my bf, forget the stupid bouncer! I text my host and he tells me to meet him in front of the ropes. So off we skip all the people in line and we get into the club! This whole process took.....5 minutes. . . The sound system is NICE but it is VERY VERY LOUD! like wow! I could feel my self vibrating. LOL Drinks are good.Layout is meh.Hiphop room is SMALL. The dancefloor gets overcrowded to the max. Once the headlining DJ comes on and you go OUT of the dancefloor, you can not come back in...(supposedly, from my friends who tried to come back to the dancefloor after using the restroom or buying drinks) So stick together or just party outside the dancefloor.. . I still think XS wins in terms of what "Las Vegas Clubbing" is all about.
My first experience here was instense. When I first walked in it looks like a fancy rich house that put too many chandeliers in it. The line was ridiculous and if you get there after 11, you mine as well find another club because your not getting in. When I did get in the venue was very nice, but so confusing to get around; it didn't help that kaskade was spinning that night either, so it was packed. i love the outside area where you can just chill and conversate with people if your too hot to stay inside, but can someone give us a map at least of how to get around this place? I didn't even find the hip hop floor until i was leaving. I think this place is way over hyped and it's just an OK club.
5 stars for an incredible lineup -am & pm. . We had a blast at Marquee's LDW 2011 day party and night party. . Porter Robison, Gareth Emory and Benny Benassi were spinning on the decks with a live vocal performance from Gary Baker to the hit "Cinema." They all brought the house down!!! We even got a couple surprise songs from LMFAO.. . At Marquee's night party Chuckie rocked the party and Benny filled in for Martin Solevig who didn't show. Paris Hilton and LMFAO made appearances.. . Super fun, really crazy, and I loved every second of Labor Day 2011!!!. You should have seen some of the crazy outfits people wore. People act like they have no shame in Vegas and the world aint' watching. These days though everyone has a camera phone. YIKES!!. . 2.0 stars for size of pool area -. . My only gripe is the roof top pool area is way too small to host a big event like this. The pool was also a no go because I don't like rubbing wet elbows with people I don't know. Not to mention that by the middle of the day the ground reminded me of a nasty 7/11 bathroom. ewwwwww. I had to keep my flip flops on. Who knows what foulness was down there. . . 2.5 stars for beds but they were a mess by the end of the event. Not very durable. I am still thankful our group had beds because there is NO where to sit otherwise.. . 2.5 stars for bathroom set ups . Just forget about getting to the bathrooms in a hurry.  In the tight crowd at Marquee's pool parties it's almost impossible and you have squeeze through everyone. YUCK!  . The nightclub bathrooms seem like they are half a mile away from the club. You should have heard all the hens clacking loudly in there. It's like they congregate and never get out of the bathroom. Spending tons of time in the bathroom is not my idea of a fun night out in Vegas, but whatevs.. . 3.0 stars for Staff -. The staff at the day pool were on the ball and kept our ice filled and the drinks flowing. It's a nice almost private pool scene, but not one I would rush back to, as there are other much nicer and more expansive pool areas in Vegas. . . The night party was insane!!! We had a table and the staff are super attentive as they should be for a cool grand plus tip. Definitely worth it if you want some place to sit and watch the crazy peeps and the bottle rats scurrying around. . . Overall I had an amazing Labor Day and would definitely go back to a night event at Marquee. . . Ladies I would highly recommend investing $9 in the slip on shoes that you can stick in your purse because by the end of a hard day & night partying your feet will thank you. I know mine did.
Giving this place a visit was wayyy long overdue. . . We were all on a friend's guest list. Due to unexpected complications, we didn't get in line until a little after 10pm. So very long story short: Make sure the person who's name is on the guestlist is with you when ur getting in. The girls barely got in, and the guys had to pay. I had to tip the doorman a bill for the guys to just get in and still pay the cover.. . Lesson learned: Pre-order tickets or get in line way earlier.. . There's many different levels and sections. Think Tao Club on steroids. It was so crowded that I didn't get a chance to explore and see everything. I only got to see the bottom floor, which seemed crammed and not impressive, and the level with the main pool patio area and the main dance floor. I'll take Brian C's advice next time and get in earlier so that I can actually walk around and check the full venue out.. When we were at the outdoor pool area, it started to rain. Great - it was already packed but now everybody was scrambling to get out of the rain to get in the already crowded insides of the venues.. . The place was PACKED and beyond poppin, and in my honest opinion, I think in terms of being the most popular/desired nightclub, Marquee takes the cake in Vegas. As for the outside pool/patio area, XS still holds a strong edge.. . So yeah, I think due to the negative circumstances, I didn't have a great first impression of this place that most people seem to have. I will definitely give this place another try someday soon and hopefully it'll be a little better.. . Cliff Notes: Humongous venue, and even a humongous-er crowd.
It wouldn't be a vegas nightclub if there wasn't a long line. I go to every club there expecting a long wait. To top it off, I'm a dude(girls don't know how good they got it). We are treated like peasants, tossed around in different lines from upstairs to downstairs, getting cut by groups of girls or "VIP groups' that just tip out the bouncers to get in. . . The left side of the entrance, people crowd up like animals waiting trying to get the bouncers' attention like dogs waiting for their treats. . . This place is a hierarchy. Friends of bouncers, people with money, and girls get in. Everyone else, the average joes just wanting a good night in vegas gotta pay a ridiculous amount of money, wait in line 3x longer, and literally get treated like crap.. . I remember walking in line with a 3 of my male friends. it was already 1am and there was a small line in front. Right as I hopped in, he told us to, quote me on this, "GTF" out of line. No explanation, just get out. -_-. . After three different visits to vegas, I finally managed to get in because I was part of a cousin's group that lived there, and they had friends. The place definitely does have it highlights, but I wasn't blown away. I had a better time at XS to be honest. . . Also, if you happened to not workout your legs the week you go, don't worry. There are plenty of flights of stairs to get them quads fired up.. . Nice entrance, okay inside, not good for groups of guys. Bring girls, wad of cash, or make friends with people there to get in. Just my two cents. :)
This review is only for the day club.  I should start out and say I was there on a Sunday.  This being said I was pretty underwhelmed by this place.  I had high expectations but they definitely weren't met.  Don't get me wrong I had fun, but I usually have fun wherever I go in Vegas.  The crowd was small, the vibe unexciting and the music was ok.  I did like the set up.  I guess in the future rehab is the place to be on Sunday.
Only went clubbing here once... Totally open to coming here again! :). . The one time I was here, it took forever to get in. Felt like we were stuck in the same place in line for a long time. It was during EDC weekend and it was DJ Chuckie's birthday there that night sooo I know there must have been a lot of people, but there appeared to be some disorganization regarding the guestlist.. . The layout of the club was confusing, with its various floors and flights of stairs.  It was super crowded. It sounds like a good idea to have different floors, but honestly it was a bit chaotic. I don't remember getting to spend much time on the dance floor at all.
this place has stairs that are literally about-to-get-molested-in-an-alley-way type of stairs!! they're so dark and run down and overall really kills a good buzz. . . recap, i was really excited for this place and my group of 8 even decided to limo it there from our hotel, that's how excited we were. we got there and we were on the guestlist, but of course the guestlist line is just as long as the general admission line. we waited until all our buzzes were gone and we were still waiting. standing in line sober isn't exactly fun. when we finally got to the front of the line, of course girls got in free and i think guys had to pay 20 or 30 bucks, i can't exactly remember. but once walking in, me and my girls headed straight for the men with bottle service. got a couple of drinks down and decided to head for the dance floor. this is where things got meh. the music wasn't all that great on the first couple of floors, so we made our way up those ghetto ass stairs only to find the music to be equally mundane. then we heard about a hip hop room, so we made our way there and i actually really liked the music but it was ridiculously packed. marquee should really take note of where the people are headed and try cater to what everyone obviously want: hip-hop/top 40 music. none of this shitty transition trance/house music they were trying to do. i mean i LOVE house/trance music, but marquee just didn't have it down. . . towards the end of the night, i was not very satisfied and decided to just eat away my pain. thanks marquee. thanks for nothing.
Yay I finally got the chance to visit the famous Marquee. Aside from the cool interior, this place still maintains the regular assholeness of any other club in Vegas. In actuality, that feeling is elevated because the place is so "in" right now. . . The staff (doormen, promoters, everyone) pulled a rope-a-dope on us when we went so this adds to my distaste. Got in touch with different promoters who promised us different prices for "getting on the list" which I should add is absolutely useless btw. Some promised us $100 at the door, some $65, some $45. When we got in, the doormen cut the amount of people in my group by half on a whim and told us if we didn't like it then GTFO. But we were already in line, and everyone had been assembled - THEY KNOW that WE KNOW that we couldn't go anywhere else. . . ...it's a seller's market bitches.... . Any way we got to the door and ended up paying $80 just because they said so. The highest cover ever for a club - pretty sure I got scammed. Assembled a higher girl-guy ratio for nothing. It didn't matter.. . The interior was nice but as everyone says, they cram way too many people in here. It was super-packed on the dance floor. Couldn't move. The pool area was aight. Met some douchey groups though. The billiard room was small and kinda pointless in my opinion. . . All in all, I wouldn't come back unless it were free. It's the typical "screw you out of your wallet" mentality here, and they have every right to do it because you're a guy and they're the hottest club in town.
Review just for the night club.. . Been here twice and I've got a bit of advice, bring a change of shoes if you are like me.. . Ladies, this place is full of stairs. No effin joke. And not the carpeted nice ones through some pretty well designed hall way or anything .. they are the 'coming in the back way, metal' kind of stairs. . . Last time I went, we had VIP entrance which was cool cause we didnt have to wait in line.. which is always lovely. The bathrooms are almost a whole other mission to get to. Place is super crowded.. . All in all, I WON'T be back. There are way better clubs in vegas that are less work to get to.
Gorgeous space indoor and out, but the whole stairs thing just kills it!
OK, so the hip hop room was great...but way too packed!!!! Great music. the only  thing is the STAIRS!!!! How do they expect intoxicated girls to walk in heels up and down the concrete stairs?? I really dont know what would make me go back... The bottle service was OK and the weird puppet people at night were pretty cool...but the stairs : (
I really thought Marquee was ehh-okay.  Why? Let me try to keep it simple and short with three things. One. I thought that the nightclub was not diverse enough... at least not the time I was there. From waiting in line to being inside the club, I noticed there were many cliques. It's either groups of all Asians, groups of all girls, or groups of all guys. Two. These "groupies" were either standing around someone's reserved table, lounging outside the pool area chatting, smoking, and watching people dance, or too many groups of girls were just chilling inside the ladies room for whatever reason. Three. I pass for house music. . . I was there about two weeks ago on a Sunday night. This nightclub deserves three stars because DJ Vice was great. Despite all the rumors about $25 or more for cover charge, the bf an I got in for free. And, I got a wrist band for free drinks. After all, Marquee is popping for being one of the newest nightclubs in Vegas now.
Super overrated.. . I got a pre-sale male ticket so that was cool since I got to enter at a different part of the club and there was pretty much no wait. All the online pre-sale ticket holders go in the same line (boys and girls). I paid $20 for this ticket--legit.. . Anyway, the entrance that I went into was basically like emergency stairs of a building. It was pretty funny watching people walk up these metal stairs--especially since they were wearing heels. Clink-clank-clink. And this wasn't like 15 easy carpeted steps, it was like 4 flights with about 60 steps total. Yes, you will be tired when you get to the top and yes you'll be like, this isn't Vegas at all. Maybe the main entrance is grand and amazing like other places I've been, but this was just terrible. XS has an awesome entrance where you're greeted with the whole club. Marquee is just like an old low-celing hotel.. . The pool area wasn't even that nice. I feel like it could have been designed better. At XS you can see the whole pool from everywhere and the design is clearly better for the eyes and the mass movement of people.. . I was in the hip-hop room most of the night which was too crowded and the whole dance floor was just people walking through. I went to Haze the night before and it was more fun than Marquee.. . The name Marquee doesn't even sound like it's going to be cool.. . Anyway, I guess it's worth coming here but you're not missing much. XS is still probably one of the best places I've been to in terms of design, aesthetics, and overall clubbing experience.
Marquee is pretty hot. I would've given it 4 stars, but the place is so teeny and gets packed pretty fast. . . Finding the pool was a challenge (as I didn't realize the Day Club and Night Club were one in the same), but once there, it was great! The bartenders are pretty fast with getting you your drink order and they're friendly. The vibe of Marquee is awesome. The music rocked. Drinks are on the pricey side (of course, it's Vegas).... coming in at $14 per cocktail on average. . . The pool itself is pretty small in comparison to others, so be warned that if you want to get int he water, go early to stake your spot. Also, seating is not even an option. If you don't have a cabana or day bed, you'll be standing the entire time. There's not a lot of room to move around, so expect to be a little cramped.. . I'd definitely come back... if I had a cabana or day bed.
Oh oh oh... The talk of Vegas. Marquee.. . My friends and I were here for a night to celebrate a friend's birthday.... We arrived semi-early and saved so much time being on the guestlist; and having more ladies in our party than men. Ladies got in for free; and our boys had to pay $25 each.. . We went through the maze that eventually led us to a bouncer, who escorted us in our own lift to the CLUB.. . it was a WHOA... It's like a mini hotel turned club. So huge. So spacious, you could literally panic if you lose your group from the whole mass of party-goers.. . Our feet were itching, our hips were about to bust out...we had to dance..we saw the first dance floor and mixed in with the pool of body sweat and hair flips and booty grinding and arms lifting and crotch kissing. This area played House music/Electro/Techno so it was FUN getting hit by all these bright strobes of light bouncing off the disco balls and the walls.. BUT... I was so concerned with my skin toned satin platform pumps I couldn't bang out like these drunk happy people. Maybe i wasn't too drunk yet.. . Moving on, we sort of stood and walked around the outside area wherein, you see the strip....Amazing View... . . Then we took some stairs down and found the hip hop room... Aaah. if you think the House Room is packed. This one is eeeven more packed.. And the bouncers here are mean. Like they're some bomb diggity ballers.. . At Marquee, you oughta be prepared to spend lots on alcohol. I mean. Paying about $32 for 2 shots.. And Ladies... buy some Dr. Scholls and put them in your shoes. I swear it helps. There's a lot of stairs in this club. so Yes. Wear comfy pretty heels. Or. JUST SUCK IT UP.. . The Library room is pretty chill. The servers are dressed like Librarians (duh) and they're super nice. You can play pool, listen to chill music or, go to the balcony and overlook the club downstairs while you light a cigarette.. . Overall, It's pretty fun to experience what the new big thing in Vegas is... But... I'm afraid it'll be so over-rated and it'll lose it's classiness.. Coz i think it's almost there.
Must buy presale tickets at least 2 days before.... . $30 for guys, $20 for the ladies.. . Alot of rooms and levels to suit your needs!. . Bottle service way too pricey at $3,000.. . All rooms are so packed that you run into other dancers all night.. . Easy to get lost inside, so make sure you stick to your group or lady very closely.
SO much better now that they have changed the entrance. The girls line used to make you hike up 5 stories of industrial parking garage-esque stairs only to make you hike up another 2 floors to the main dance floor. Now, they just make you take a random guest elevator to a random floor where you have to navigate through a freaking pool-side concert and up another flight of stairs to the promised land. So yay. . . I still hate the tiny dance floor that they close off access to, and the inability to even see the dance floor when the place gets crowded. If you want any room to stand and breathe, you have to go outside, which is quite suboptimal in the winter. . . Thus it is OBVIOUS that the same lunatics who designed TAO designed this place as well. No flow, no ambiance, no comfortable partying to be had. Back to XS it is!
this is a review for the nightclub.. . I was expecting better. its a different crowd then say tao and moon. it seemed to me like these "kids" (as i will call them) had never been to a club before. it was strange and my friends and I were over it quickly and booked it over to tao. . . I'll give it another try one day though, maybe have a couple more drinks beforehand.
I'm not rating the inside of the club, because we didn't go inside. I'm sure it was pretty and pretty expensive.So, I'll go with a neutral 3 stars.. . My friends and I went to the cosmopolitan because it wasn't there when I was last in Vegas. We found ourselves outside the club, drinking slushies, in jeans & hoodies.. . We saw a group of guys trying to get in (p.s. zero girls). One guy was wearing a burton striped hoodie, the other with a red t-shirt. We decided to stay to watch them get rejected and how they would try to make it in. . . Really, guys comin from out of state: 5 guys, ZERO girls,. AND a t-shirt? Don't think so! Do yourself a favor and always go with a collared shirt and a grand or two for a table!. . and of course, the 2 guys that got rejected left by themselves, because their friends who were actually dressed appropriately for "THE place to be in Vegas" (per my friend who is a local) wasn't about to pass up going to Marquee.
After hearing that this is "THE" best club in Vegas, I had high expectations. Even though we were on guest list, we had to wait FOREVER to get in. And there were two locations to get into the club and we wasted our time waiting in the wrong line. Then we wasted time getting lost trying to find the other entrance. . . Once we got into the club we had to walk a RIDICULOUSLY number of metal stairs. CLANK CLANK CLANK of girls heels is not the business. . . The first indoor bar/dancing area, I encountered was crowded because the bar is weirdly placed right in front so you have to shimmy your way to get back and forth from the dance floor to the bathroom. . . Follow a tunnel and its like you're in another club all together. HUGE space. . . Take some stairs (more stairs, fun!) outside and bam, you're on the balcony, listening to another DJ. . . Obviously, it is really easy to lose people at this club. . . I like XS better.
So...coming back to Marquee for Kaskade was....interesting. Music was awesome, lights, smoke, all that jazz. But I'm giving minus 2 stars on account of several factors.. . 1. I got bit. This is the 2nd time a stranger has bitten me (first time was a girl -_-), and I'm going to say that is the single most invasive thing you can do to someone at a club. I don't know what kind of Twilight vampire or The Walking Dead zombie fettish is compelling people to commit such acts, but stop. Please. I can feel the imprint of the teeth way longer than I want to. Just. Stop.. . 2. The crowd was...a mosh-pit. Literally. It was just. Impossible. We were up on one of the tables for awhile, with an awesome group, but some tight ass told us he'd call security on us. And gave us glow sticks. Interesting characters in this club. As we tried to go back outside next to the pool, we got swept away by the sea of bodies. That. was just. really unpleasant. And is also where I got bit. . . 3. The lines to get into the club was ridiculous. We were in line for VIP/guestlist for a really long time. I had to go back to the hotel with a friend with evil shoes, so we ended up in the re-entry line. Which was ironically longer than the line to get stamps. As we were in line, there were a lot of people coming out telling us not to go in because it was awful in there and that the club sucked. I guess they didn't like moshing either. . . 4. I was SOBER. :( sad face. And, I didn't get to dance as much as I would have liked. :( Double sad face. . . So, the cons were in a weird order I guess. Overall though, it was a good experience. It was a friend's 21st where she got royally fucked up (she wore a happy birthday crown, so she really was royalty), fell down the dancing platform, threw up at one of the VIP tables, and got escorted by security. WHOOO Vegas! Code for drunk bitches is apparently a 603. The bouncers were REALLY nice and helpful. . . Marquee is still awesome to go to. One of the biggest pros I think are the bathroom. There isn't ever too long of a line bc there are a lot of stalls. Overall, beautiful club to have interesting experiences: participating in a mosh-pit, joining a bachelor party, being invited to the wedding, getting bit, seeing the glory that is Kaskade, kissing a girl, what more can you ask from Vegas?
Truth be told..... . Hmm, I really don't know what all the hype is here, but I found it to be another spacious, new CROWDED club...and that was pretty much it. There weren't anything special like pretty scenery or waterfalls (then again, i am not a big fan of clubbing..). . . I really don't understand why ppl are willing to stand for hours to get in and pay $40-50/person AND pay for ridiculously expensive drinks. . . Don't get me wrong; I am not totally biased b/c with my group of girls going, we got VIP treatment. We go escorted into the club, free table service, and a round of drinks--all courtesy of Marquee. . . The music was alright too--nothing special. I wished they played more R&B and hip hop music, but it was more trance/house music.
Went here to see Kaskade. Got in for free. Bouncers weren't douches. . . Pros: Bouncers werent douches. I like the atmosphere of the Cosmopolitan and the futuresique of it. . . Cons: Bartenders don't know how to make drinks. You pay for a nice club and you buy 18 dollar drinks you expect them to be worth it. The drinks were made incorrectly. the cups were 5-6 oz plastic looking cups. I mean most clubs use plastic but they're like glass looking plastic cups, not the miniature beer pong cups size. So to compensate for the alcohol, the bartenders don't use any fillers. IE there wasnt tonic, in my gin and tonic ETC. It was like pure shots . . For example, the cup only fits 5 oz of liquid because they fill it with ice. unlike a 12 oz cup. . . An AMF has. 1/2 oz Smirnoff. 1/2 oz rum. 1/2 oz tequila. 1/2 oz gin. 1/2 oz Blue Curacao liqueur. 2 oz sweet and sour mix. 2 oz 7-Up soda. . Marquees AMF. . 1/2 oz Smirnoff. 1/2 oz rum. 1/2 oz tequila. 1/2 oz gin. 1/4 oz Blue Curacao liqueur. 1/8 oz sweet and sour mix. 1/8 oz 7-Up soda. . And it's quite the pain to go to a table and gamble for free alcohol because its pretty far. . . I like my strong girly drinks damnit, even for a big guy I like to enjoy something I paid 20 bucks for. . . Dance floor is too small. Hardly room to move and dance. . . I still want to check out Tao, but XS is definitely my favorite club as of now.
Venue= 5 stars. Crowd=Infested with Asians-1 star. Overall=3 stars
Lets see....just like most clubs on the strip, this was by far, "Little Asia" I seriously felt like I was in China or something. There were a lot of Asians (me, being one of them as well). But damn, all the guys were short, Asian, and very Asian. . . Before Clubbing: Get on the guestlist! It's hard enough to get in. Luckily we had a contact and he got us free on the guestlist for girls, but fellas always have to pay. $45 each! Poor guys. Get in line early, lines get full at 9:30am already! . . At Clubbing: Expensive drinks, so expensive! Everything is expensive in Vegas, but sometimes they do go over the top. We got in the club at 10pm, and it wasn't packed yet. So that was good. I like how there are 4 floors, the top is the "lounging"/library room, 2nd is the "house music", 1st is the hip hop, and there's the poolside with seating and heat lamps. The library played the best music. Hip hop floor got full in a second. At around 12-1am, club gets damn PACKED. Like seriously packed that drinks will spill on you and you literally can't walk. . . People were like every other club in Vegas, but I miss admit, Cosmo have better looking people then most other clubs (especially Chateau). But some people were waaay over the top. They thought they wereKim Kardashian or some shit. Thinking they own the place and that everyone should move for them. Ugh, bitches. . . When it got packed, I got annoyed...I think you need to be drunk to enjoy this club, or else you'll be frustrated at 1. how packed it got 2. how expensive it was 3. how the people thought they were celebs 3. how the bouncers were douches . . If there was a fire, lets just say NO ONE will make it out alive. NO ONE.
This club is overrated but Im giving 3 stars because I had a great time with my girl friends. Everyone was packed like sardines inside.The club has absolutely no where to sit. I mean come on, I know youre there to dance and have fun, but girls wear heels and we need to sit down sometime!. . Let's start with the dance floor. One floor was old school rap/hip hop, another floor was packedwith house music connecting with the pool deck, and the last floor (the library) is a great place to grab a drink, chill and play pool. But then what is up with the extremely small dance floor? The security kept telling us to leave the rooftop dance floor because there were too many people. Honestly if they want people to have a fun time, they should put a limit to the number of people that can come in instead of over packing the place.. . And the BIGGEST negative about this place is the stairs!  Are they freaking kidding me?! People have to travel up and down on these ghetto stairs to even get INTO the club! They need to seriously get some escalators or elevators.  It's just really tacky.. . I'm not as fascinated with this place like everyone else in Vegas seems to be. I'd only go back if we had a connection, or if we're in line super early to avoid the hassle.
I was really excited to check out one of the newest clubs to hit The Strip. Thanks to a friend, our guys didn't have to pay a ridiculously high cover to get in (only $25 with guestlist access).  I've heard that prices can go as high as $50 - $80 a night.  Entering the club was a complicated process though; we started off in a long guestlist line when our grouop, including 15 other people were led by a security guard around the Chandelier Bar and up the escalators to yet another line.  After getting through that line, which started to feel like going through airport security, we were then led up a long flight of rickety stairs in some back woods part of the building.  (Given the mixture of alcohol and high heels, this is a liability waiting to happen).  By the time we reached a small doorway to enter the building, we already got quite a work out.  . . Entrance fiasco aside, the club is pretty cool.  The sexy dark lighting, phrases like "You down with OPP?" lit up on the wall, and rooftop area is a great backdrop for a fun night out.  There are two packed floors of music playing, with the hip hop room on the first floor crammed and much smaller than the upstairs trance/techno floor.  I can't comment on how good the hip hop music was because we could barely breathe in that room long enough to hear a song.  Grab a drink at the rooftop bar and you won't risk being trampled by the crowds.  That is, if you can survive the flight going down the stairs.
Marquee just got rated the #1 nightclub in Vegas. I feel like there has to be better. Marquee, which is in the Cosmopolitan, is the newest and hottest nightclub in Vegas right now. It's center strip so if you're not staying in the area, might be quite the trek. We walked from Planet Hollywood which is right across the street. Everyone talks about it and they get the biggest names to spin there almost every night its open.. . We went for Party Rock Monday with Red Foo. I would recommend buying pre-sale tickets. My group of 4 guys didn't have to wait in line at 10:30 with tickets. Literally, check ID and walk-in. My female friends that didn't have tickets had to wait in line for an hour even after pairing up with some people. Red Foo didn't go on until 1:30 so maybe keep that in mind. The warm-up DJs are decent at best.. . The design of the club was bizarre if you ask me. Whoever designed the nightclub didn't seem to think about spacing very well. The main floor where the main  DJ is performing is TINY. There are clubs in Vegas (and hell, even D.C.) with bigger side rooms than Marquee's mainfloor. That was a little disappointing. It also feels like you're always in a hallway or walkway because they've stuck tables literally everywhere inside and outside. The bouncers are pretty rude. In general, room to dance is quite limited. Outside, in December, they had these heaters which was nice but by the end of the night, half of them were off and they didn't turn them back on and trust me, it gets cold at night in Vegas. Another thing that irked people were the stairs you had to climb to get to the club and leave the club. Some were lucky enough to take the elevator but most had to walk up like 5 flights of stairs. Sucks to be a girl that's wearing heels I'm sure.. . Drinks are really expensive. A beer is $9 and a Red Bull Vodka (made with Grey Goose, dunno if you can get a different vodka) is $17!!! Don't even look into a table unless you plan on dropping serious dough that night.. . They definitely overpack the place. But the place is full of beautiful, young people. Barely anyone over 30 I would say and everyone dressed pretty well (even for Party Rock Monday). It's a place where people go to be seen for sure. It's definitely a nightclub worth checking out for one night and I would go back just for the names they pull there but it has a lot of downsides for what is supposed to be the best club in Vegas.
After trying out this club several times now...I have to say, I kinda dislike the oh so popular Marquee!. . Ok, I'll give it to them...they have a super awesome line up EVERY weekend. Dash Berlin, Avicii, Tiesto, Kaskade, etc etc, it's like damn, I just wanna spend my whole life in Marquee. But then...you remember the layout. Sure it's all glammed up, but really, it's kind of poorly designed. The circular dance floor is SUPER small, especially at a place hosting such fancy DJs, so it gets too crowded like a rock concert. Plus air circulation is pretty bad. There's a couple ways to get outside, but only the main one is opened constantly to let air in so that basically means...no air, all body heat. The bouncers can sometimes be really douchy too. I get that they want you to move off the aisle, but when that big DJ starts his set and everyone's crazy excited and squished like sardines, REALLY, you can't move ok?!. . So come here if you are (1) super crazy in love with your superstar DJ and must hear him or you will die (2) a hot girl who can flirt your way to a comfortable table with a good view (3) a guy who can afford bottle service and then allow that girl flirting with you to chill at your table. It's a nice place to check out, but not my definitely not my favorite place on the strip.
The club itself is beautiful. Different rooms and bar areas to lounge in. Thank god for a hip hop room... I don't know why it's so hard to find hip hop in vegas. Even with Marcus Schulz spinning in the main room, as reputable as he is, I just can't get my party on to trance. wompwompwomp unce unce unce... NOOOO! I want to groove and grind, not jump!  Anyway, beautiful atmosphere and view on top of the cosmo. . . The BAD- SERIOUSLY?! ALL THOSE STAIRS!!?!?!?!?! How can you expect me to get all dolled up and climb up all those stairs AND when I drink how am I supposed to make my way back down??! I don't understand!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Do people get carried out of this place or what? . . I really would love to party here more whenever I'm in town but it's just not practical for me. The event hosts/promoters/bouncers are really sweet and helpful, not douchey like other places so I really wanted to make this a regular spot. I just don't want to worry about how I'm going to get out of there or how much my feet are hurting before I even start getting my party on.
Been here twice and both of my experiences were A-OK. It wasn't the best that's for sure. The rest of Vegas has treated me better.. . I say this because, it's too much walking to get anywhere around in the club. Let me get this straight, it's nice that it's perfectly spaced out, but during one of my visits, I had to climb a million of stairs, and that was just the entrance! Elevators were shut down that time around. Luckily, on another visit, I took an elevator up and that saved a lot of time. But boy, these stairs were a bit tricky. Too much focusing for a girl who's intoxicated, haha.. . Also, they have a house/techno floor and the bottom room would usually blast hip hop which was the perfect combo, until one night... Hip hop room was playing some good oldies my first visit. AND I definitely enjoyed that. But during my second visit, I heard the hip hop playing and by the time I got into the room (around midnight), they started to play MORE house music. We already had the top floor playing it, why should the second floor play it too? If I wanted house music, I would've walked to the top floor! The whole damn club had house music on so I definitely bounced from that club within an hour since I expected the hip hop room to be craccin out hip hop music all night. It didn't. I got tired of waiting for it to come back!. . I think both dance floors should be bigger too. The hip hop room is ALWAYS, ALWAYS crowded. This club has a lot of lounge areas though. Which is the good part about this club. It gives a lot of areas where people can chill. Dancing AND lounging definitely do not mix in this club. THAT'S THE WAY IT SHOULD BE IN ALL CLUBS. I definitely hate sitting at a table, and less than a foot away some chick and dude are dry humping in my face. This club keeps the separation of the dance floor and tables perfectly apart. People shouldn't confuse the table area as a dance floor!. . Oh, and I do like the fact that there are barely any lines in their bathroom AND they have hella bars to get your drinks from. PLUS!
Marquee is an okay club. I mean I hear people either love it or just don't bother. And for me, I thought it was decent, not the best, not the worst, just decent/okay, whatever you call average. . . But Marquee has STAIRS. How many times I went up and down these stairs, IDK. But it sucks especially for us girls who are wearing heels. My feet were hurting from my heels, and they rarely hurt! So Stairs is definitely a con. . . The atmosphere and decor is pretty cool. And the set up of the club is pretty nice. The first floor after climbing some stairs is Hip-Hop/Top 40's. Pretty good if you like that kind of music. I know my girls and I enjoy it. The next floor is I guess the main floor. The guest DJs are always there and it gets super packed. I went there when Deadmau5 was DJing. So definitely the club was packed that they closed off the main dance floor. A con since you can only leave the dance floor but not go back...They also hand out cool foam glow sticks. Also on that floor, is the pool area. Nice if you want to go out for fresh air. The top floor is pretty chill. You can sit there and just watch the people on the main dance floor.. . Overall, I still think Marquee is okay. Why? Because of all the stairs you have to climb. Music is okay, but I still say XS is better.
3.5 stars. Marquee is the new "it" club recently, and I can see why. There decor is elaborate, as expected, and the place is huge. There's an outdoor pool area, and a bunch of different rooms with different DJs/music. The main floor, from what I remember, plays electro, and there's another room that plays hip hop. Those were the most popular. . . It is so chaotic inside on a busy night. If you come with a group that's more than 4 people, expect to get broken up, because my group got broken up for the rest of the night practically the moment we stepped in. Someone got lost, someone fell, someone lost their cell phone, someone got kicked out, someone shoved someone, etc. The entrance and exits are really confusing too. I remember having to walk up and down like, 5 flights of stairs behind the club, just to get out. My main complaint though is that my friend got kicked out for no reason. I literally was walking next to him across the room and a bouncer picked him out and escorted him out the club. . . Positive: Different rooms with different music and crowd to accommodate your mood throughout the night. . Negative: Bouncers and confusing layout.
Not my favorite spot to party, but it's tolerable enough to spend on a Friday night. Perhaps it just wasn't a good night. I don't know, I just don't really see the hype. . . My friends and I bought pre-sale tickets to see DJ Chuckie this weekend and arrived around 12:30AM. Since we had tickets already, the bouncer just let us up to the front and we got in rather quickly. The elevator service to take us to the club was impressive and the operator was good at getting everyone pumped. . . As soon as I stepped into the club, the dance floor was PACKED. We squeezed our way to the dance floor but were unsuccessful at getting anywhere closer than at the very back. DJ Chuckie was okay, but I've heard better and I guess I wasn't really feeling the vibe at first. Especially after I accidentally ended up eating confetti twice when they turned the machine on two times during a 15 minute time period. Guess I shouldn't open my mouth to scream, "WHOOOOOOO!!!!" whenever they turn the machine on. . . We left the dance floor to grab drinks, and since I already pre-gamed, I decided to just get an orange juice. However, upon paying $4 for a small glass and tasting it, I discovered that it was WATERED DOWN by a lot. Come on, bartenders. You're charging me more than double the amount of what it's worth but serving me half the actual amount of what it is. Not cool. . . And I guess leaving the dance floor was a bad idea, since the bouncers were not letting people back in throughout the night, so we just decided to dance towards the back of the club at the entrance to the outdoor area. My friends got separated often because it was so crowded and hard to find each other. . . The outdoor area is quite pretty, although not nearly as spacious as XS or Surrender. There weren't a lot of sitting areas and walking around in 5-inch heels are not fun when you're wandering around looking for a seat.. . Overall, it was an okay experience, although it wouldn't be my first choice. It is, after all, one of the "hottest" clubs in Vegas at the moment and they attract a pretty friendly crowd.
alot of stairs to get in and out of this place. . no wait to get in, saw someone at the door. . does not use Video SL for music or at from I saw, just sounds and lights, not mixing videos. . parking was very easy, valet action. . about 90% capacity, can't expect much here since it's Feb. and the weather is mild. . heads up normal people can still get in, some reviews claim you have to be shit to get in, hey ok to be a legend in your own mind, no worries. . service not bad at the bars, get a drink in less than 15 minutes, $14 for vodka/ pineapple using grey goose, heavy handed. . at 90% still had areas to chill. . overall service and security was good. . alot of asians. . saw a girl or two get slapped around. . dance floor, body to body literally, you will bump into someone, someone made a comment when it happened, why are you here is my question?. . party with snobs, you must not be that perfect if your partying with common ppl right?. . last 3 comments reflect the only negative about my experience
The decor of this club is very cool and Benny Benassi was amazing.  That is the only good things I can say.. . There are too many line ups, feels like airport security.. . They definitely let too many people in.  You're a sardine in a can just trying to get to the washrooms.. . The security personnel are extremely rude, I have never experienced mannerisms as horrible as that.. . One of my girlfriends was trying to ask the washroom attendant for a hair elastic and she was ignored for a few minutes while the girl was on her cell phone.  The girl then proceeded to be rude to her.  Ultimately, my friend got the hair elastic, the girl received no tip.. . I would like to come back to check out this club during the day, hopefully it will be better than my nighttime experience.
If Kaskade and Skylar Grey wasnt performer that night I would have left and gone to another club.  This place is big...vertically. So ladies wearing your CFM shoes will struggle exploring each room of this club.  Main floor is big, but not that big.  Our table area was shared with 4 other groups! CRAMPED! There's a hip hop room which only has a few tables, but its small!  The bar takes up half of the space! The so called library is really cool. Whoever decorated this space was fabulous! Literally it was like a library with a pool table and a snore. No music just a bar and seating areas.  Honestly, every club in Vegas is the same. Its only the people you go with makes the party fun.  But expect to spend at least $1k on table service. You do need a table though. Otherwise, you will have to stand and dodge people all night. No fun. The crowd is young and asian. lol Lots of asians. What was also cool was everytime the waitress delivers a bottle to a table, they're are follwed by a group of waitresses to help make their way through the crowd with glow sticks. Then they all chant like the bottle is some kind of god. lol bar backs are really good too.  They're constantly cleaning and organizing the table of glasses and making sure all chasers are full.
Yelp Challenge! Started 8/20/2011 (26 of 365). I have a lot of catching up to do!. . I have to say that this club is one of the biggest ones on the strip but unfortunately they only play the fast music: house, trance, high energy, etc.  You will probably hear a good hip hop song but mixed in with some trance beat in the background.  Other than the music, this place is huge, there is room to breathe, and the club is pretty posh. What I don't like are the number of stairs that you have to trek to in order to get to the outdoor patio and back down.  This is not good for the drunk people especially the chicks in high heals.  So you see a lot of girls at the top of the patio resting on the side rails to catch their breathe after walking up the stairs.  . . The club does feature some hot DJs every once in awhile, but you have to get there early to beat the line, know one of the hosts, or sign up for a $3,000 minimum table tab with a group of people.  But there is usually good vibe of people here, and haven't had issues with the wait staff or security.
It was SUPER CROWDED!! can't stand around in the walkways for too long before being herded like cows by the security. but i'm glad there were security to direct the traffic cuz now that i think of it it could've been a dangerous mess on the walkways and/or riot on the dancefloor. The walkways are too small though. The 2nd floor dancefloor where the main Edm Dj is playing was literally Sardine-packed crowded!!  No one could even really dance...ppl were just standing next to each other bouncing up and down and waving their hands with the glowsticks they gave out. i don't really mind though cuz i like listening to the music and dancing by myself anyway lol. Hardwell played that night, i hadnt heard of him before, but he was pretty good! . . the space is soo small. i only stayed on the 2nd floor where the main house DJ plays, but they should make a bigger dancefloor!!! i mean if they bring in all these famous DJs they know it's gonna be crowded!! . . one of the main reasons i came here was cuz i usually like dancing to hip hop i heard that they have 3 different rooms, including one with hip hop. but i didn't go that night, i was satisfied with the dj on the 2nd floor that night though.. . took about 3 flights of stairs to enter club. it's obviously not fun in heels, and also it's not a very aesthetically pleasing way to enter the club...i wish they made it prettier and nicer looking. However, we took an elevator leaving, so at least we didn't have to walk those stairs again.. . bought pre-order tickets, so we didn't have to wait in line...we literally just walked into  the club. . . sucks that the baththroom is outside and pretty far outside too. cuz it was freezing and super windy that night!! . . good amount of asians which i like.
I've been to marquee twice within four months.  On Friday nights, there's a guestlist for girls, so its pretty easy to get in.. . The main floor is very spacious and has a large dance floor.  This leads out to the pool/cabana area which gets pretty packed as well.  The hip hop room is fun, but it gets WAY too crowded.  Last time I was there, you could barely walk through, and people were getting down and dirty in the walkways...it was extremely difficult to get around in there.. . Marquee is the happening spot these days, but the bad part is all of the damn stairs!  Having a bunch of drunk girls in high heels walking up and down stairs is not a good idea!  I'll be back for sure, but damn those stairs!!!
Marquee AMAZING when you first walk in, COOL when you walk around the entire area in less than 15 minutes, and WHATEVER when you come back for the 2nd, 3rd, 4th time. . . PROS:. --2 dance floors = twice the fun. They have hip hop on the lower level and house on the main level. The hip hop floor can get crowded, but that just means more to love ;). . --free places to sit- no table? No problem! Outside, Marquee has lounge areas for guests to relax and sit. The upside is that it's free; the downside is that it's free... meaning that a lot of other people will also be sitting here.. . --relatively easy to get in- no long lines, no $$$ covers for boys. . . CONS:. -- too many Asians. Speaking as an Asian girl, even I feel like there are too many Asians here!! But, hey, if that's your thing... go for it :). . -- VERY CROWDED- like many (relatively) new Vegas clubs, it gets really crowded after 12am-1am :/ . . -- weird exits-- the club itself looks really nice, but what happened to the exits? The floors are not carpeted (aka not heel-friendly) and there are many flights of stairs to walk up and down just to get out!. . A nice place to check out, but don't become a usual just yet. There are less crowded places in Vegas that are just as fun :)
With over 800 reviews, I think you can get a pretty accurate picture of this place.. . Beautiful club with surly bouncers, and as the night goes on it becomes impossible to traverse the nightclub from one side to the other due to extreme crowding, all the while the bouncers are screaming at you to move...but you can't. . . The night Benny Benassi was there in February, bouncers weren't letting anyone on the dance floor, and you'd get screamed at if you tried to stand on the outskirts to watch the show. One bouncer ordered me to go downstairs to the hip hop room. Um, excuse me? We paid a lot of money to see Benny. Ok, so I didn't pay to get in, but my man did.. . Outdoor space is gorgeous, although the night we were there it was like a mini hurricane outside, contributing to the extreme packing of the interior with people. Lot of places to sneak a quick break sitting down without having to pay for bottle service, that's really nice. . . There are plenty of other Vegas clubs that aren't so packed and that are fun, but Marquee has the monopoly when it comes to booking really great, sought-after DJs.
Totally overrated, but for some reason I always end up here when I go to Vegas. Those stairs will be the death of me.
Marquee and I have a love/hate relationship... maybe a little more hate than love right now.. . I've been here a number of times within the past 6 months. Each time has been pretty different from the last, but I'll share my thoughts and personal experiences about this new scene. I'm warning you now... if you have a weak stomach, you might want to stop reading this now. It's not pretty... but hey, you know the saying, what happens in Vegas... . . I first laid eyes on Marquee last August for one of my girl friend's bachelorette party. We wanted to come here on Saturday night because we knew this would be a cool spot for the night. I spent most of the day sippin' on drinks and sunbathing at the Hard Rock Pool. I had so much fun in the sun, but I may have had too many Blue Lagoons. And don't we all know how well sunshine and alcohol mix... not well!. . So after that, we went back to the room to get ready. We skipped dinner, downed some drinks, and headed out the door to Marquee. It was most of our first times at Marquee and it was kinda difficult to figure out where the line for the club was. Apparently there's a million different entrances, but on this night we went to the very top floor and went in near the pool. The line was long and I was already feeling pretty nauseous. Great, the day's festivities have finally caught up to me. We must've been waiting in line for at least 30 minutes and we were finally close to the front. At this very moment, I knew I needed to find a bathroom or else I'd be caught in the act of a very distasteful scene. I also knew if that happened, it would be the end of our night. It took all of my energy to keep composed in front of the bouncers so he'd let us into the club. Right after I got in, I was scrambling to find a restroom. Holy crap, how manyflights of stairs does this place have?? When I finally found a restroom... well, what do you know? There's a freakin' line, of course! I really should've pushed every girl out of the way and into a stall, but I didn't want to be "that girl." Long story short, I waited and handled my business when it was my turn. So did my friend and from what my other friends told me, we were handling it simultaneously. Maybe next time we'll try to synchronize it, haha jk!. . Alright, so I like this club because it's pretty big. The pool area is cool too if you just want to chill outside. I've been to the day club too and I had a good time, but it was a little drizzly when I went so it wasn't very poppin'. What i don't like are those endless flights of stairs! This is definitely not a girl friendly place. It also gets so ridiculously crowded to the point where you can feel the sweat on the person next to you. It also sucks that you feel like cattle when you're trying to move from one area to the other. I bet if this place had a fire, we would all die. Dead serious about that one. The hip-hop room is pretty small... or is it just crowded? Not sure, but you can't even move through that crowd at all. Another thing I don't like is the lack of diversity here. Yes, I'm Asian, but I don't understand why we all must flock to the cool new place and take it over. I'm all for diverse clubs which is probably another reason I don't like Marquee so much. I guess I'll just have to wait to enjoy Marquee when the next new "cool" club opens.
I don't like how this club is designed....I feel like the outside is better than the inside....you got 3 small ass rooms and a huge ass flight of stairs to go up when you enter marquee. The main dance floor is too crowded, but the visual effects on the screen make up for it....(I GUESS)....Dj's are always on point, but idk what else to say about this place...it doesn't feel really organized either. CLAUSTROPHOBIC.
Eh, novelty wore off. I liked it the first time I went because it was brand new and our friend got us in, but when we went back it wasn't as great as I remember.. . It's a horrible layout, they close off the pathways to the dance floor except for one, and it's tiny! It's a really horrible layout. And the crowd was kind of janky when we went... the people at XS are much better looking. There was a group of girls and they had the sweatiest backs EVER.
I would give this place 4 stars but there were too many negative factors under Marquee's control that warrant 3 stars. First of all, the club is really cool. We bought a table and we were next to the pool and had plenty of room to chill in the cabanas. However, inside the club is small and there is no where to dance. In addition, our waitress was unattentive even though we had 2 bottles and dropped about $2K. Lastly, some cheap a$$es sat a our cabana and I had to continually chase them out vs security doing their job. $hit, I already have a job.. . Outside of the club's controls was a couple of guys who split the table w/ us. The first guy I will call "Ron". He gets too $hitfaced and is bending at the waist like the matrix. He ultimately falls down and gets kicked out of the club. It was pretty late any way, but on the way out if the hotel, we lose him. He tells us the next day he doesn't remember what happened, but he had over $2,000 more in his pocket than he remembered. I asked him if his a$$ hurt - LOL. Then he said he remembered going to a table. Honestly, I think he sold himself to a shemale - lmfao. My friends and I now say when one of gets too drunk, "Don't be a Ron".. . The second guy who I will call Von said initially he wanted to share the table. However, later he said he only wanted to pay for what he drank. I have known him a long time so I told him to pay what he thought he owed when we returned to OC. He ended up giving me $250 after sharing a table and sarging on our action at Bare the next day. What a cheapa$$! His middle name is Von so now when we refer to a pake (Hawaiian for cheapa$$), my friends and I say, "Don't be a Von".. . The moral to the story is when you go to Vegas don't be a Ron or a Von - lmfao
So marquee...Look this review is from someone who loves, I mean loves hip hop and r&b. I do know my house, dubstep, techno shit too so dont get it twisted. This place is amazing if you like the later part. The venue is cool when it is not packed and fun with a group of friends. Don't get me wrong many people love this place, I just think there are other clubs with more room to dance in, yes I actually do dance, game recognize game. The hip hop room is ALWAYS crackin if you love hip hop. But more packed than tuna in a can and it is a sauna in there. Cliff notes: Go there if you haven't before, other than that move on.
For all the good DJs this place has, it's too bad the venue is so small. Marquee seems to always be so busy or even overcapacity, based on my own as well as others experiences.. . The main dance floor was super packed when I went for ATB, I could barely move. Luckily, I'm super tiny so it didn't bother me very much. The outdoor area is nice, big, and equipped with a big screen by the back bar so you can still see the DJ spinning from inside. . . The hip hop floor is waaaayy too crackin .. It's too small and dark for my taste. Quite creepy if you ask me. . . If you don't have a good hook up and enter the club from a lower floor, there's a bunch of stairs that you have to walk up, which is a complete pain, especially if you're in heels! . . That being said, I'd only come here if I was super in love with the headliner. If not, it's not worth all the trouble.
Not the best clubbing experience I've had in Vegas, although I still had a blast. We were guest listed for Benny Benassi on a Friday night, but we ended up not getting there until around 1 am due to traffic. My friend's (fairly high up) promoter hadn't specified a cutoff time for the list, but the bouncers refused to let us in, claiming the list had closed at 11 pm. Even though my friend showed them texts from her promoter saying that we could come in, they wouldn't budge. Finally we just faked our way in by pretending we were with a table. They didn't even check to confirm. So, in summary, rude but stupid bouncers.. . As for the actual club, I can't say I remember many details. I think the club was pretty big and had a lot of different areas that I didn't get to explore. I vaguely recall wandering outside onto the patio for a while and chilling by the pool, which was actually really nice. The crowd was just okay... they seemed to be a little older and more ghetto than the crowds I've encountered at other clubs. Benny was awesome, and we stayed until around 5 am when the lights started to go up.. . I definitely want to come back here to check out the famous stairs... hopefully the people we run into will be more entertaining next time...
I want to be one of those eff marquee it sucks kinda people, but the club is pretty nice inside.... If you can get inside that is. I like that they have multiple rooms, but walking the stairs is crap. Especially when you've been drinking, I call that LIABILITY! . . Getting in is def a feat, but if you manage it, be prepared for typical $14 drinks and Vegas style fun. This isn't one of those clubs you can just walk in if you're a chick, but money talks for the fellas.. . Once you're inside, the ambiance is nice, the view up near the pool is gorgeous, and it is fairly spacious due to the multiple floors.
So many dudes.  We got to Marquee at like 2am with 8 girls, so we thought we would get in immediately and not have to worry about cover.  Wrong.  The girl at the cash register insisted we pay up $20.  Well, ok, we heard this place was good, so fine, we'll try it out.  Didn't have issues with stairs since the elevators were working and it was so late.  When we get in we look around and it is like all guys.  This makes me even more pissed that we paid cover - they honestly should have been paying us for putting up for how aggressive these guys were being.  There were this glowing phallic tubes that some guys had, and actually whacked one of my friends with when dancing behind us.  The music was house and I'm a hip hop girl, but ok, I'll deal.  I liked the club because it wasn't actually terribly crowded by the time we got there, and they occasionally shoot these powerful bursts of air into the crowd which made dancing comfortable, minus all the dudes.  Seriously, dudes, you have better odds at Tao or like, any other club.
Lost a star due to: 1) the power tripping bouncers, 2) the unaccomodating stairwells, and 3) the preposterous lack of space in the jukebox room.. . For the nightclub, the crowd has gotten larger and larger and the space seems like it is big enough to accommodate club goers but it always feels like we're squished like sardines.. . Unless you really need to listen to hip hop, avoid the jukebox room at all costs. You'll be grinding with everyone around you, male, female, or shemale. And you'll probably get in a fight with someone after being elbowed or pushed in the crowd. Expect all of this to happen past 11pm.. . The main stage is still banging and is why Iwill come back despite what I listed above. I was here for Kaskade and it was an amazing set. You'll have fun here no matter what. If you have bottle service, even better. The outer tables are a decent size for a party of about 8 people.. . What I can't stand about Marquee are the re-entry stairs. You take these to exit the club and to re-enter (obv) but they are the jankiest staircases to ever grace a Las Vegas club. Image should be everything at Marquee, and those stairwells belong inside prisons... . . And so do most of the bouncers. I don't want to go into detail about this one but in sum, they are not cool.
Marquee Dayclub - 5 stars. Marquee Nightclub - 2 stars. Average Rating - 3.5 (rounded down). . Where do I even begin?. . I'll start out with what I like best about Marquee.  If you're going to check out Marquee, I definitely recommend going for the Dayclub.  Even though I've only been twice (once for Armin van Burin, who was uh-mazing), I love the ambience and decor of the place.  Definitely not as big as Encore Beach Club or Palms Pool Party, but I like the atmosphere and music much more.  I'm considering getting a table here for my birthday weekend :). . Sadly, that's the only great thing about Marquee.. . I've been to the nightclub more than a handful of times to see ATB, Cosmic Gate, Markus Schulz, etc.  Was here during Halloween weekend, was here on Christmas Eve -_-  I can say out of all the times I've been here, I've had a good time only once.  Once!  Every other time has just been bad.  I don't know if this place is cursed or I have bad juju... but my friends and I have had pretty bad times here :(. . The first time I went to the nightclub (Halloween weekend), one of the girls in my party pre-gamed a little too hard and we had difficulty getting past the bouncers.  One of my best girlfriends and I tried to sway the bouncers, but to no avail.  I ended up fighting with the bouncers (I had a little to drink too) and walked away in tears and frustration.  In the process, I lost more than half of my friends.  We all managed to find ways to get in separately, but it was just really frustrating and such a hassle to be in that situation.. . Second time I went (to see Cosmic Gate), we went through the "VIP" entrance with the million flights of stairs.  Why do the VIPs get to go up the stairs and regular guest list people get the elevators?!  I don't understand this.  Anyway, because I hadn't drank water the entire day and had one mixed drink, by the time I reached the actual club, my heart was racing, I couldn't breathe, and I fainted.  I woke up on the floor next to the bar, was taken to the ladies' restroom and fainted in there as well.  By the time I woke up, I was told by the restroom attendent that the paramedics were coming.  They whisked me away in a wheelchair just as Cosmic Gate was performing my favorite song... :"(  They took me to this place where I guess all the medics take care of the injured and after fainting again in there, the medics said I was fainting due to dehydration and I was taken to the hospital.  It was a series of unfortunate events, but I believe if I never climbed those whack ass sets of stairs, I would've never fainted.. . Times after that have definitely been a lot more chill for me, but when crazy stuff like that isn't happening at Marquee, this place is super packed.  The dance floor is a mess and it's a mission to get inside, and to get out.  I do like, however, that they blast air over the dance floor occasionally so it doesn't get as hot.  The music really depends on the DJ they have spinning, but on average, has been pretty good.. . I would definitely come back since it's the place to be and if my favorite DJ is spinning there, how can I say no?  Is Marquee my favorite club in Vegas though?  Definitely not.  And if I could avoid it, I would.
I think it was overhyped for me.. . But here's what I did like about My experience here.. Being a girl with 12 other girls.. essentially not much waiting in line. . The dance pit was cool, very compact but once you're in it, you feel like you are IN IT!  I love that feeling.  I can ignore the fact that there are armpits in my face when I know I'm having a great time.  Dance the night away.  The DJ, the lights, the adrenaline keeps you pumped up.  This is Vegas.. . Here's what brought my 5 stars down to a 3. . I dunno if the elevator was out of service, or if they always make people take the stair, but being in heels.. asking ladies to walk like 9 flights of stairs is a little pain in the ass.  They were metal stairs too. so clank. clank. clank.  Felt kind of like cattle herding. . . They have a bouncer at the dance pit area who supposedly regulates the crowd.. really?  So he harshly said a stern no, but 2 minutes later we snuck in anyways.  That's not very effective is it?. . The outside area is nice but gets kind of crazy-crowded.  This is how it is, although next time I go, I'd like to try snagging a table and getting bottle service.. I'm getting old.  Which means the crowd nowadays doesn't listen to as much hip hop as they do this house stuff.  I think the room that plays hip hop was closed.  So eventually when the house stuff starts moving towards the no-lyrics-just-repetition.. I get bored.  The highlight was when they played Swedish House Mafia, Save the World.  I did enjoy that one because the whole room as singing and dancing along to it.
Went to Dayclub on Saturday....actually...I was kind of dragged here by my 2 guy friends who were just dying to go. Me, on the other hand...let's just say clubs are NOT my scene. So my review is from that perspective.. . When we arrived around 1pm or so, we didn't wait in the general admission line for long. Maybe 5 minutes before being prompted to pay a $20 cover (for me) and $40 for each of the guys. I really just paid $20 to get into a pool. Yay. . . When we got in I was shocked at how small the pool area was for the amount of hype there was for this club. There was literally NO WHERE to go. No place to put my stuff. No place to lay out a towel. Actually, the only place there was to stand was in the pool. So, we went back downstairs to store our stuff. A salesman by the lockers informed us that it would be the reasonable price of $20 to get a locker. And I though the $5 lockers at Disney World were a ripoff. So yes, we paid $20 for a locker. My group of 3 is already $120 in the hole and we haven't even started to party.. . Back in the club we go, and we head straight for the bar. I skipped rounds of drinks here and there to save money, but I learned very quickly I was going to need a drink if I wanted to survive the afternoon without going completely insane. I will say our bartender was great and it never took too long to get to drinks. Mixed cocktails were poured strong, and even girly drinks (like my strawberry mojito) were made with care. Total bar tab ended up around $300 for the 3 of us. . . The party itself... meh. Since we were basically stuck standing in the pool I experienced a lot of not super fun stuff. The party monitors (people with whistles?) spent a lot of time making sure the sexy party didn't turn into a frat party. We were constantly reminded to keep drinks by the edge of the pool. However, that didn't stop the water from getting nice and murky by the end of the day. . . Many beach balls were tossed around the pool which basically served the purpose of men showing their manliness by seeing how hard they could volleyball spike it towards opposite ends of the water. . . Finally, splashing. One guaranteed strategy to make sure you go back to your room alone is to arrive at  Dayclub buzzed and proceed to splash all the girls on the edge of the pool that clearly spent time prettying their hair that morning. Eventually splashing became standard as songs got hyped up, but definitely don't go around just splashing people. . . I experienced a LOT of pushing and shoving around, trying to get to the front, not moving when I shouted "EXCUSE ME PLEASE!!", because almost everyone who comes here thinks they're better than everyone else. I realize this is normal club behavior but for goodness sake, make a little room when a girl is carrying 3 drinks. . . I did find that the staff (bartenders, DJs, party monitors, etc) were all great. I really appreciated that the dancers were not totally slutted out, they were wearing cute one pieces. . . So basically I didn't have the greatest time. I would have really appreciated this place a lot more if it was probably half as full as it was so people could actually move around the space. Also I probably would have enjoyed it more if we had a much larger group-- probably 5-7 people is the sweet spot. . . I can understand why guys love it, because there are tons of hot girls (and if you're a gal, you better be super confident in whatever body you have, because I guarantee there will be 3408324 better looking girls than you). The two guys I went with said it was the "highlight" of our 4 day trip. As for me... probably the least favorite thing I did. . . Instead of spending $100 and basically not being able to move, I'd rather spend $50, relaxing and sunning on a chaise, and having a server bring drinks to me instead of fighting my way for them. But that's just me.
Meh. . I've been here twice, and I'll admit, the second time was better than the first, but not by much. . Stairs, stairs, stairs. If stairs are an obstacle for you, you're gonna have a bad time. These stairs don't even match the club. And what I mean by that is that they look like fire escape kind of stairs, not glamorous-looking Marquee stairs. At least put a chandelier or two in there to give us something to look at while we're breaking a sweat just trying to get to the first floor. . Anyways, the club. There are 3 floors. The boom box room is by far my favorite. Compared to the main room that plays house music, the boom box room really is the size of a boom box. I haven't spent much time in the library, but I'm sure it's a swell place. . This place has potential, it really does. It's just over-hyped and a tad overcrowded. I probably won't come to Marquee again unless I really have to...
Not a pool to visit if you expect to swim or carry on a conversation be,ow a shout, but it does have a great vibe and fantastic club music. The energy is definitely very hip, young and alive. A lot fun to visit, but I would recommend going with a group of friends and possibly getting a cabana...the people there seem to be a bit cliquish. Never once saw the wait staff, unless you have a cabana, and the drinks a not watered down. Definitely recommend the the house special "Painkiller".
Visited recently on a Monday night (5-7-2012). While we appreciated the free entry by being on the guest-list. The 3 separate lines and three different stamps/wristbands/ID checks was a bit ridiculous. We loved the DJ, the crowd seemed great, but the bouncers who seem to take their job a bit too serious as if they work for the CIA kind of make the experience a bit of a drag. The bartenders were wonderful and always had a smile on their face. Going up on an elevator and being forced to WALK down 5 flights of stairs to get out is SO not cool! They need to do better! I felt like I was walking down prison stairs! All-in-all....we enjoyed the club, but the bouncers need to lighten up. I would visit again because it seems to be hard to find clubs in Vegas that play hip hop/R&B music.
Marquee usually never lets me down, but this past weekend was a disaster. Not only that, the dayclub is so small. I went opening day in April when Avicii was there, and don't get me wrong, it was AMAZING, but it's just so small! It's so packed and the pool is so small for so many people there! It's a fire hazard waiting to happen!. . I love how the nightclub is so spacious, especially with three floors with a variety of music playing or whatever you're in the mood for. . . Whenever I'm in Vegas now, it's either XS or Marquee now...just waiting for something new and poppin' to open!
There's 2 GL lines, unisex & girls only.  For unisex, guy girl ratio MUST be even.  Some of our guys couldn't get in so they had to wait in GA to get inside.  However, the bouncers told them that they did NOT know when GA would open up.  I would think that the bouncers SHOULD know when their GA lines open up, or even have an idea of around what time it would.  . . You walk in and get into an elevator.  The elevator takes you up to the actual club. . . Drinks inside was in a glass cup & a red bull vodka was $16.  However, my friend got a red bull vodka outside, which came in a taller plastic cup & cost $24.  Strange.  The bartenders were pretty nice though and hooked my other friend up quite a bit (he ended up getting quite drunk from the hook ups).  There's a few jacuzzis and a pool outside bc of the Marquee Dayclub in the day time.  There are also some cabanas w/ tables and some poker tables outside as well. . . I needed a few bandaids bc i got cuts from my new heels so my friend went to go ask security for one.  I had to show the security my cuts in order to get a few bandaids.  He took me to the back area where first aid was waiting.  They took my info, put peroxide on my cuts, and gave me extra bandaids.  They were really really nice! . . The downside of this club is that in order to exit the club, you need to walk down six flights of stairs.  This is a balling club in a balling hotel and there's only one elevator to take you up.  I think they should invest in an escalator or another elevator or something.
Uhh... 3 stars.  The day club is awesome!  People are beautiful!  I get drunk.  I have fun.  (in no particular order). . As far as the nightclub... NO way.  Too packed!!!!  I couldn't move!  The bouncers were a bit over the top.  We had 7 girls and 2 guys. and they didn't let the guys in.  That sucked.  Then, we saw this other group of Asian guys, 12 of themto be exact, all skip the line and got in without any problems.  They kept saying Militia something, I dunno.  They were hot though! lol. . Anyways, i'd pass on Marquee night club unless you have a VIP Table or can get guys to do it for you :). . Cheers
Review of the Dayclub. . I was a little disappointed in the Marquee Dayclub. We left EBC and came here since somebody we met had a cabana here. We probably arrived a little after 3pm and the whole pool area was already shady! There was absolutely no sun anywhere. . . Getting in wasn't a problem since they didn't have a special dj that day. The pool was a lot smaller than I expected. I would say it's less than half the size of Wet Republic. You also can't bring your drinks in the water. They have to stay in the ledge. Wtf kind of bs is that! I bouncers had to keep on reminding us to put the drinks back. I've been to 5 other pool parties in Vegas and this is a first. . . On my next trip to Vegas I'm going to skip the dayclub and check out the nightclub.
Came here on Memorial Day weekend and I had a blast.  It was my first time at this club and it wont be my last.  Very fun atmosphere!  You don't need bottle service to have a good time from what I saw and experience but it also wouldn't hurt to have a section reserved for you and your friends.
The hottest club right now? Eh, it's ok. Out of the whole trip, this was my least favorite club. Again we got the hookup and got to bypass the long lines on the second floor. I think we came at like 9:30pm which is so early by Vegas standards and the line was already like 70 people deep. It's cray cray. Haha. First off since we went through a special entrance, we had to take multiple sets of stairs to even get up to the club. I heard that there are usually elevators if you go through the normal entrance. Furthermore to get between the different rooms, they were also on different floors so you need to take the stairs. Stairs are tiring enough - try climbing them all night long with sky high heels. They need a better system or layout. We had also gotten there early and it wasn't quite so busy yet so we hung out outside by the pool. This was my favorite part because it so cool there and it's the rooftop so there's pretty views. The pool was off limits as far as I could tell but a couple of drunk people jumped in a little later in the night and I didn't see them reprimanded or anything. Although we pre-drank, we still had to get something at the club. They only had blended red bull vodkas, which was odd and each drink set us back $16. Ack - but expected and normal prices for Vegas. The main room is cool but it can fill up fast. They play house music there which is ok for me but can sometimes be hard to dance to. But the DJs always look like they're having fun. The whole screen behind him is like LCD/LED screens which has cool graphics showing the whole time. Lights and lasers are going every which way. It really feels like a club. I much preferred the music in hip hop room but that place is super tiny. And we spent like 15 minutes in there getting pushed and pulled and jostled before finally getting fed up with it and leaving. It's not even dancing if you're just moved by the crowd, getting more and more smushed like fish in a tin can (is that an idiom?) Stayed way past than we meant to and there was still as much people in there at 3 as there was at midnight so it's a pretty happening place to be.
I know very little about the Las Vegas clubbing scene, but Marquee broke me in decently.. . I bought a pre-sale ticket, showed up PRETTY EARLY in terms of Vegas time between 9-10PM and got in IMMEDIATELY. I like how there's an outdoor section and it's high up so you can see the Vegas skyline.. . I didn't like how there were several areas and floors and it's super easy to get lost or lose your friends. There's music inside, outside, downstairs, upstairs, what is going on? There were people everywhere too and it personally added to my semi-confusion about where people were suppose to congregate. I didn't get to thoroughly appreciate how nice it is outside with the running water and the couches and stuff since I spent a majority of my evening getting figuratively and physically beat up on the dance floor. . . Some girl GRABBED ME and said "HEY, ASSHOLE, THIS IS HER BACHELORETTE PARTY! DON'T BUMP INTO HER." I remember adamantly apologizing SINCE IT WAS AN ACCIDENT only to realize that girl was a massive piece of shit.. . Ultimately it was fun. I could live without the ass-faced security that works here and the really gross girls that need to get over themselves.
Hubs and I were staying at the hotel and heard about the Marquee. We suited up and had our I.Ds in hand to check it out.. . The bouncer checked our I.Ds, put on the wrist band and sent us to the elevator. There was an employee in the elevator that escorted us up to the floor. He told us to walk around and we would find the pool.  Well if you don't pay attention you will miss the stairs up to the bar and pool area. . . Once we reached the Marguee there is a small store front selling T-shirts and souvenirs. There is one bar, a few tables to gamble at, lounge chairs and cabanas for rent. It was a Tuesday afternoon there were probably 100 people enjoying the area. . . We took a seat at the bar and ordered a drink. The bartenders were nice and service was quick. Two well drinks cost around $30 plus tip. Since there is no cover I think they charge more for drinks. . . Cool, small spot with music but not somewhere that I could stay awhile otherwise I would go broke fast.
Review for the nightclub: The reason why I give this club a 3 star is the fact that the wait line to get in is horrendous. I had to wait an hour to get in and from the other reviews it seems to be the norm. The positives are that the club is multiple levels playing different music. One of the floors played my fav music dance/electronic/trance and had a rave kind of stage where the DJ was playing with an LED hypnotizing background.. . Drinks as usual were overpriced and all levels were pretty packed.
It was all ladies with me and we had to wait quite a bit to get in. It was a bit hard to find somewhere to sit, but we didn't get our things stolen, and we got wet, had fun, but the only downside was that a beer was 10 bucks, food was insanely expensive and well, everything got sooo wet. The music was typical head banging duh step... And the guys were alright, they were a bit like hounds.. . Water is dirty and unless you got a cabana, it's a bit rough!but the ladies look good!
We went on a Saturday night and it was packed. Unlike XS this place had no sprinkler things outside and in 80 degree weather plus another 10 for body heat I was sweating. Ordering drinks inside a little slow outside was a lot faster. Sucked that we had to walk up several flights of stairs to get to the main room  and did I mention we are all in heals? So it wasn't a great start. Overall I would come back but maybe get a table next time. We probably would have this time but they wanted 700 for a bottle usually its cheaper not sure what the occasion was this past weekend?
Dear Marquee bouncers, instead of checking our IDs, how about you check your inflated egos at the door? There's nothing better I'd like to say to you that hasn't already been put perfectly by Ralphie from WTTD: "You think you're hot sh-, butyou're really just cold diarrhea!". . Seriously, the bouncers/security are the rudest ones I've ever encountered in all of Vegas. They go around acting like they're curing cancer or guarding Obama or something. As a result, they're condescending, smug, pushy, hostile. It's one thing to have to be stern with overly drunk patrons who are making a scene - but these guys are just d-bags by nature. Every time I've tried talking to them, I've been taken aback by the type of responses I get. My polite and friendly questions are always rebuffed; they smirk and talk down to me like I'm stupid. I half-expect them to pat me on the head and laugh in my face sometimes.. . They walk into the girls' restrooms on the regular. They say it's to check for drunk girls. I say it's a weird and creepy invasion of privacy.. . They kick out people like it's going out of style. My friend was crouching down to make a phone call so she could hear better, and they kicked her out because they insisted she was peeing in public. I swear the guards get some kind of sick satisfaction with each person they kick out. .  . They don't let you stand in the aisles. That makes sense, sure - but sometimes I feel like you literally aren't allowed to stop moving for more than 3 seconds before a guard pops up in your face with a flashlight, herding you along, "Can't stop here. Move it along, keep it moving." Are we sheep being herded? Are we cars on the freeway? Can I just catch my breath for a second?. . The stairs. Oh, the infamous Marquee stairs. Can we just have a moment of silence for the brilliant architect who designed a club (where half the patrons will be wearing short, tight fabric and high heels) with dark, winding stairs?? Insert confused Jackie Chan meme face.. . Sure, Marquee is a gorgeous place, really new and hip. I love the pool on the roof, and I like the idea of different music on different floors. Plus, they get really big names to DJ there, so they must be doing something right. It's a decent space, eons bigger than clubs I've been to in LA or SD (but then again, this IS Vegas, so...) The experience is just completely ruined by the people who work there. . . Overall, I'd go to Marquee again if I had to (maybe for the dayclub; I've never been), but I'd pick XS or Surrender over it anyday.
Here's the thing... I think if I went to Vegas more often or had been a lot of times and really wanted to try a new club, I'd be more excited by Marquee. As it is, I'm still pretty new to Vegas-I went to Marquee on my third trip and was kind of disappointed. . . Because it's open to the pool area (much like Surrender), it's a little miserable in July... it was 107 degrees outside when I was there, so even with blasting A/C the inside was maybe 85 degrees. Still considerably cooler, but also much too warm to make dancing on a packed dance floor enjoyable. . . My boyfriend and I paid $50 to go on a Monday when LMFAO (or half of LMFAO, just Redfoo) would be there, but we bailed when around 11 when we had been in line since 9, in the club since 10, and we heard that he typically doesn't show until around 1. Maybe the people we overheard didn't know what they were talking about, or based on my little experience , I get that's kind of the standard for Vegas hosts but again, maybe if I was a more seasoned Vegas visitor I would have known to hit up somewhere else first and come to Marquee later to make it more enjoyable. . . All that said, the music was great, the interior and pool areas were absolutely beautiful, the bouncers who bring you to the club in the elevator were super fun and high energy... I think I'd really like to try and go back with a group of girlfriends in a slightly cooler season and see if the experience is a little better.
We went to the nightclub Friday night at around 1 AM. We were staying at the hotel but since it was so late we didn't get to cut the line--even though we were 4 girls-however, I think if we negotiated a little more, we could have skipped. Anyway, 2 people per room was comped YAY. the place is several levels. The outdoor patio was the best because you could hear the music of the hip hop room but enjoy the air and space of outside. The drinks are expensive and some of the bartenders do not know how to add. I will however shout out the patio bartender-she was hooking us up!. All in all, we enjoyed ourselves and I would recommend Marquis.. . Side note: I wish the hip hop room DJ would play some reggae!
damnnn man. can you make the boombox room BIGGER please?! or move it into in the main room?! you can't even dance in that room it's sooo packed and it was as hot inside as it is outside. yuck!!. . people wanna dance to hiphop NOT trance music. the boombox room is the best room there but geez. i was there this past weekend and i couldn't even breathe in that room or even dance. we were packed in there like sardines.
Marquee beach has all of the ingredients of a great pool party. Location (inside what is currently the hottest Hotel on the strip - The Cosmopolitan), music (nothing currently beats EDM) and entertainment (when the DJ comes on, they put on a great show). With these as a backdrop, it should be the hottest pool party in Vegas. . . But there are two negatives that harm this place dramatically, the first something that can be changed, the second not. I went to Marquee on a Sunday, the previous day I had spent my day at Encore Beach, watching Tiesto perform live. Because of the back to back experiences, I was able to compare them more fairly.. . The first difference you notice, and the most troubling, is the dramatic difference in security rules. Marquee prohibits almost everything - your attire is strictly watched, where you sit while inside the pool area and where you drink are all controlled by Marquee security. For example, there are security guards IN the pool at all times, prohibiting you from bringing your drinks to the center of the pool - you could only drink, and have a drink in hand, near the edges of the pool. Oh and, you better hope that edge isn't near a VIP spot, as then that edge is prohibited and only allowed for those guests reserving that VIP spot. The security can be rude, overly excessive, and makes for an uncomfortable experience. . . This wouldn't be as much of a problem if it wasn't for the small space that Marquee beach uses. For those that have been to the nightclub, the dayclub is basically the same place.  A small upper level pool area (you get there by elevator) that only has room for one medium sized pool and a few Jacuzzi like pools around that pool. It pales in comparison to the bigger pools like Rehab, Encore Beach and Wet Republic. . . It is no wonder that it has been difficult for Marquee Beach to maintain that tier 1 pool party status. The top 3 pool parties, depending on the day you go, still tend to be dominated by the three biggest pools: Rehab, Encore Beach and Wet Republic. If Marquee beach ever wants to permanently take a place in the top 3, it is going to have to do something about its security force. Nothing else is as in control as their security is.. . I hope they do, as their music taste and location make them a prime choice in the  pool party scene. It's such a pity that with so much potential, the hotel would let the security service ruin it's chances of becoming truly one of the best pool parties in Las Vegas. . . This is why on our next boys trip to Las Vegas we plan to do Wet Republic and Encore Beach. Marquee, mainly because of its security force, did not make the cut.
With regards to the day club only.... I think if you accidentally swallowed a sip of the pool water you should go to the Er and ask for an std panel test. . . Imagine how packed a trendy Vegas club gets, and put that into an outdoor pool party. And instead of a packed dancefloor, imagine a packed pool. . . The venue itself is pretty amazing. 2 Huge bars a nice pool, lots of cabanas, a great rooftop view of the the city center. It's just a typical, Vegas pretentious crowd you have to deal with. . . I would probably love this place on a slower day.
This place has 3 different rooms based on music: top 40, hip hop, or house music. The hip hop room was PACKED, literally no walkway whatsoever, but the music was awesome. The top 40 room aka the library was so dead, people were standing around chatting which was kind of sad. . . The best place I found to dance was outside where I did not feel claustrophobic and the bars were easy to get to & they made STRONG drinks.
There's 2 different ways to get in. One, is inside the hotel itself, and the other is outside by the pool. . . They seemed to be very unorganized, and idk their security really pissed me off. We were waiting in the GL line, which was no point, because we still had to wait a bitchin' long time, and because the main girl who held our name wasn't there yet (and all of our names were), they wouldn't let us in -____- . So we had to get out of line and then we went to the 4.5th floor (wtf?) and waited in line there. . . That line went a lot smoother actually. . . I think there's about 4 main floors. 1 smalllll hip hop room, and the rest are basically techno shiz. The main room I heard was crazy. There is constantly confetti falling. . . I was pretty fucccked up the whole night, so I only went to 2 rooms -__- . . I thought it was OKAY. . . Drinks are strong, and honestly don't know how much they were. A friend bought em for me. . . Also..in the bathroom, my zipper broke and made my dress pretty much open all the way down my back. . . The ladies who hand out paper towels in the bathroom=LIFE SAVERS! She was like, "Hold on mami I'ma put safety pins in your dress okay mami, hold on." I had a total of 6 safety pins inthe back of my dress to hold it together.. . Thank you mami!!!
Crazy lines, but good thing we have VIP passes to skip the madness.. . Every floor was crowded to dance and there were absolutely no seats to sit! How can a girl in heels survive?. . Great music though.
Nightclub review. Dark, thumping electro, expensive drinks....everything one would expect from Vegas. Sucks that in this day and age 8 girls could not get in for free.  Also a lot of seemingly endless walking, as there are two entrances and I guess multiple floors.  By "I guess" I mean "I'm too buzzed from pregaming in the hotel room and fist pumping with a styrofoam glow stick to figure out if there were multiple floors because I stayed on one."
This place is getting too hyped up and it is much too small for the amount of people they bring in each Friday and Saturday. There's a total of three floors to the Marquee night club: top floor - private tables and lounge area (looks like a library), middle floor - main floor that plays mostly house and EDM music, and the bottom floor - hip hop music. . . If you're on the main dance floor, there are three bars located on the inside and a stage set up with LED lights. Though I do like the DJ's that they host here, the layout of the dance floor is just not people friendly. The dance floor is very small and is surrounded by booths and tables which makes getting in and out a pain. The bouncers also close out the dance floor when it gets too crowded which leaves you to herd like cows to either the bar area or outside. . . Outside has two-three bars and has card tables for gambling if you want to sit around and chill. However, the minimum bet is usually ~$50 which is a little too steep for my blood. . . As a dayclub, I feel like Marquee is very small. There are two small rectangular pools, one that is only about 5-12" deep in which you can reserve cabana style seating and sit right in the center of the pool. Cute waterfall decor on that pool. The main pool goes up to about 3.5-4 feet deep, which is fine for a Day Club but beware of getting into Vegas Day club pools. o.O . . FRIENDLY TIP: . This place has suddenly had an surge of theft activity, a group of my friends went to Marquee and had all their ID's stolen (not sure why ID's but ALL of them) and on a separate occasion, I recently went and my friend and I had our iPhones stolen right out of our purses. One of my friends found her purse unzipped and she was certain she zipped it 30 minutes before. If you decide to go here, please leave your valuables at the hotel - all you need is ID and cash (steer away from bringing phones and credit cards if you can).  Just makes me sad thinking there are people out there doing that regularly. :[
This was our ( my boyfriend and I) first time in Vegas. Of course we wanted to go out and have a good time but we did not know what the hot spots were or where they were or how exactly anything worked over there. The only club I had actually heard of and an apparent "must go" was TAO, but for some reason I didn't feel like checking it out that night. So indecisive of where to go , I turn on the tv in our room and there's a commercial on Marquee. So we decide to go there just because that was what came on tv and we had never heard of it before. We didn't even know where the Cosmopolitan was since we had been in Vegas for only a few hours! We get a cab and 20 freaking dollars later we arrive! (note to self: don't take cabs in Vegas, they make a 5 minute ride, 20 mins!) . . We arrive at the Cosmopolitan and it's absolutely beautiful inside! We go up the escalators to get in line and to our surprise the line only has about 20 people in it! Weird thing was we didn't hear any music. Even though the line was short, it was standing still. So 30 mins later, the gorilla at the door starts letting people in and when we get to the line he stares at us up and down for like 5 seconds before saying "alright go ahead have a good time". Wtf so if he didn't like our clothes we wouldn't get in? Pheeww good thing my bf was wearing a suit and I looked pretty darn nice if I do say so myself!! Lol. . . Anyway....now I know why I couldn't hear music! Cuz u have to take an elevator to get to the actual club! Once off the elevator (ok now u hear the music bumping) you have 3 choices: straight, left or right. We went straight...WOAH!! Crowded, loud, alcohol everywhere...this is Vegas! By this point I lost my bf like 2 times already. Once I find him waaaay back there, we walk to the very back and ohhhh how nice: a pool area. We grab a drink, pay $32 for them, i go into shock cuz that's ridiculous for 2 drinks, and now out of shock we head downstairs and we hear hip hop (yay). Find a spot where we can actually stand (crazy packed!!) and we dance the night away. at one point I couldn't stand my feet anymore so I took off my shoes outside the dance room and a security very nicely said " sweety you can't have your shoes off here, sorry" so I put them back just because he said it with a nice smile ;) . . We didn't have a bad experience with anything there, fun times. I took away 2 stars because the bartender automatically tipped herself 2 times and the other because I can only take so much house music before wanting to leave! Hip hop room was fun but too small !
This club is overhyped! Out of all the clubs I've gone to this one was the worst experience! Me and my girl waited in line for more than an hour even after we were on the Guestlist. She missed out on the open bar because by the time we got in it was too late. After a while of partying my girl had trouble walking the flights of stairs with her high heels. She slightly collapsed on me and hurt her ankle somewhat. Then later with the same foot she tripped on someone and the security that was around instead of helping her out he escorted her out of the club treating her as though she was drunk. He gave her an "X" on her hand as a sign she was kicked out the club and took us outside the casino. It was an embarrassing experience for my girl because she was not drunk at all. She ended up crying on my shoulder because of the injustice. The club is gorgeous and has beautiful people in there, but the staff working the door and security are worthless. There is much potential in this club to be on my great side, but the idiots that work there give it a sour taste.
Finally got to check out Marquee this last weekend and I must say I still like XS more. Got in for free a little before 11pm on a Friday night. However, the bouncer said we needed to go upstairs and we ended up taking like ten flight of stairs in high heels and in our skirts!! Omg it was so painful!!! On top of that while leaving the club, we had to take the stairs down again!!!!! The club is nice but nothing compared to XS. If you ladies don't mind climbing the stairs in your high heels and in a short skirt then it's definitely worth checking out.
Went here for the day pool party and the night club. The pool party was fun. Great for people watching and it was no surprise that it was packed. Music was good and if you decided to go in the middle of the pool and stand on top of the clear cube, let it be warned that you will get splashed at. I actually liked the day pool, too bad admission was $20 for females and that was us hussling. The line was ubber long and dont forget to show up in pool gear or they wont let you in. Also, no outside drinks in either, they check your bags for that.. . Now...for the night club, I personally didnt care for this place. It was way too packed and the line was insanely long. Longer than the day pool party. Actually too long that it was discouraging to wait. Once inside, I didnt think it was all that. It was actually small and crapped and no surprise the club opened up to the day pool area where I was just at earlier in the day, hahaha. You could barely move and or get around. Bouncers were not too kind even to us group of girls. Good thing we didnt have to pay to get in, but luckily we had pulled some strings for that. . . I would go here fo rthe day club but not the night club. This place is over rated.
A bit generous on the ratings, only because I know that there is much more room for potential that I didn't experience.. . This club is the opposite of spaciousness. I mean it's standard, when you consider the amount of attention and people that this club receives. But they really need to fix something about the occupancy in comparison to square feet.. . This club is about 3 or 4 stories, with each floor being somewhat limited. There's normally a hip hop floor, outdoor floor, and a main floor(which primarily plays EDM).. . The line can get ridiculously long. So I suggest an early arrival and to get a stamp so you can go in and out. Guys are normally $50 - $80 depending on the performing DJ.   I also suggest that you buy a ticket so that you can cut the majority of the line and so that you can pay in advanced and reserve a small spot for yourself in the club. During the night I came, it seemed as if the guy to girl ratio in the club was about 5:1 if not, even more. And there were so many creepy old guys there, trying to pick up young and fresh girls. Sad to see..... . One thing I'll truly rave about Marquee is the professional security. This is a component that I HARDLY approve of but wow Marquee's security was nice, at least to me. Despite even making us wait extra periods of time, they courteously apologized to my group for the long delay and that they will accommodate us as efficiently as possible. And even inside the club, they were nice. Normally, they only allow girls into the main dance floor(when it gets packed) but when I asked if I can go in, they let me! Wow! Even when I have a penis, they let me in! Talk about feeling special and proof that Vegas may not be all that sexist. I hope the douchebag security guards at Surrender reads this and learns something from it. . . Overall, a decent experience. For once, there was professional security that treated me like a human rather than a farm animal and that really made me believe that not all security are assholes(nor hate me). Not enough spaciousness and major improvement needed in gender ratio.
A bit disappointed this time. Maybe expectations were high since it was so much fun 3 months earlier.  It was packed tho. I mean like where that fat guy next to you on a plane spills into your seat kinda packed.  The event was sold out 1-2 weeks prior online. Then all of a sudden they were selling magically available tickets for $20 extra.  It's cool because some stragglers got to come too.  I found myself in the boombox, and I dislike hip hop.  But they let the EDM mega-party side get out of hand.  It's a good thing I dont need wingmen and can party solo.  It probably took me hours throughout the night to find anyone =)
So overrated!. . I'm not saying that this is a bad club. It's just such a scene to get into and it is so overrated for being "the hottest club in Vegas right now".  So many other clubs are better or just as good and aren't such a pain in the ass to get into. I realize that that is half the draw, but it's really just obnoxious.. . Both times that I came here, we had connections put us on the guest list with instructions to be here by 11 pm.  Okay, so both times we were late and that is our own fault, but still, the guy at the door didn't have to be such a douche about it.  One of the bouncers even tried to get us to bribe him for $100 a person. Sorry, no club is worth that.. . It is really LARGE and really crowded which I guess is the draw.  But I found it to be annoyingly crowded.. like you can't move enough to dance, or walk from once place to another, and people are spilling their drinks on you.... . We ended up waiting in the line to get in and it actually took less than an hour. Worth it to do it once and see the club, but I don't really need to do it again.. . The outdoor part of the club by the pool is the nicest part of it, but unfortunately we didn't discover it until the end of the evening.. . 3 stars because it's not a bad club, it's actually a quite good club, it's just not as good as the hassle or the hype and there's other places to go.
Went to the club friday, sat, and sunday nights this weekend as friend was staying at the cosmo for labor day.. . The crowd sunday for martin solveig and benny benassi was spectacular.  Walking on to the dancefloor during solveig's set and I was greeted by a crowd of people wearing silly tennis headbands from the "hello" video he tossed into the crowd.........hilarious.   Very fun crowd, people there to have a good time.. . Saturday Kaskade played a great set, similar nice crowd, people who actually like house music and knew the DJ.  Everyone having fun, great vibe.. . Friday Avicii was totally different, he is a spectacular producer, but he is an average DJ.  His playlist was pretty much the last ministry of sound annual CD.  Also the people that show up to see Avicii is a totally different crowd.  Frat boys, jerk offs, people unfamiliar with house music.  People were shoving each other and being dicks.. . Only real complaint about the weekend is it's kind of retarded how Marquee tries to re-create the line to get inside the club, all over the nightclub.  If you thought getting into the club was a pain in the ass, wait till you try and go onto the dancefloor, out on the patio, or back in the club from the pool.. . They station bouncers at all these places and refuse to let people pass, while VIPs walk right past you.  So you get to wait in line ALL NIGHT, just moving around the club.  It's kind of like TAO where everywhere you stand is a walkway you're not allowed to stay on.. . Service was great other than that.  Great DJs, dancers, bartenders, and the bouncers were as nice as they could be.  . . I am getting really tired of feeling like cattle at these big vegas clubs, I think I am going to check out Drai's again soon. Any suggestions for better clubs are appreciated.
DAYCLUB: came here in april and august. april was awesome! there was plenty of room to move about, in and out of the pool. + great music. august was GROSS but omggg phenomenal people watching. what a shitshow! had a blast watching all the weirdos on pills grind up on one another in the pool.. . NIGHTCLUB: came here around midnight to see kaskade on a saturday in august. my group of 5 girls was able to skip the line by hollering at a promoter (just google for phone #s), but WHAT A WASTE OF TIME. this shit was wayyy over capacity, like extreme fire hazard status. NO room to move. people constantly pushing you. left within 10 minutes. learned our lesson - best to go earlier in the evening to find someone's table to park at for the night.
This club is new and pretty. Used a promoter to get in for free, but she only got girls in. Sorry guys, you are on your own. Inside the club is dark and has lots of open space. The outside area I like better. There are spas and pools and tree boxes that you can sit on. You can also see the strip and it has a pretty view. Much more quite outside, so you can actually sit and talk. I was not too fond of the music they played and not much people were dancing. Getting in and out of the nightclub is kind of a nightmare! To get in- I'm only speaking from experience with my promoter, but we all had to meet downstairs and she only brought girls in as groups- not your personal group, but like a group group. She told people to meet at a certain time, and so whoever was on her list, I think she waited until all or most of them showed up then walked in about 20 or so girls at the same time. I understand that this saves her time, but you don't exactly feel VIP when it's done in that manner either. Every other club that I've had a promoter for, you went in with just the people you came with, not waiting for everyone to gather like cattle. Anyways, we met downstairs and so had to go back upstairs to get in and the entrance was wrapped around the backso I did not really like that being in heels. Also when you leave, oh geesh, talk about the worse stairs ever!! The entrance leads you to the back, like the back outside of a building! It's all metal stairs and endless amounts of them!! Every girl I saw freaked out at the stairs that lead us out and held on the the rails for dear life! Seriously, metal stairs leading to what like an outside back entrance with girls wearing like 4-5 inch heels... that's an accident waiting to happen!! They should at least put grips in the stairs or carpet somewhere so that it's not as accident prone! Just the thought of the exit makes me not want to come back to the club. . . My favorite clubs hands down are XS and Tao. I think I will stick to those!!
I came here on a monday night and as hotel guests, we were able to go into an expedited line and receive free admission into the nightclub.  It's a great perk to staying at the Cosmopolitan.  . . During the day, we also went to the dayclub with free admission--but there wasn't really anything going on that day.  If you don't want to pay for day beds/cabanas, the only space you can really sit and hang out is the bar area of marquee which wasn't so bad.  It was nice to hang out in the shade, definitely got our drink on since we were confined to the bar.  . . Order the Frozen Red Bulls, they were so refreshing and definitely made me more energized.    They also have a lot of other signature cocktails that are really delicious--I don't think you can go wrong ordering any of them.  . . Marquee nightclub itself was a letdown.  The ratio of guys to girls that night was surprising.  Usually there's tons of girls but this time it was the other way around...it could have been that it was a monday night but who knows since it was my first time there.. . The outdoor area was probably more preferable to me than the inside.  It was really crowded inside and the music in the main area was decent but I have to say their light shows were pretty great.  . . As we were walking around, we did find another area inside.  It was a small room which looked more like a library that also had a bar.  I don't know how many other hidden rooms they had...It was pretty dark in there and difficult to navigate my way around there.  . . Overall, I'd have to say that I wasn't too impressed with Marquee.  The decor is really upscale and chic but I don't think I enjoyed the layout, crowd, and music as much as I had hoped.  I don't think it's worth it to wait in a long line and pay an arm and a leg for this place.  I think I'd only be back as a hotel guest to bypass the hassle.  I have to say that Surrender is a lot better than Marquee.
This review is for the dayclub only.. . Beware that unless you are prepared to shell out $500 + tips for a chair, there is absolutely no where to sit.  Being a "club" this makes sense when a big performance is going on, but that's only a couple hours tops and most people are there for much longer.  Not a place to go if you want to actually do the pool/lounging thing.. . Other than that, no complaints about the actual place itself (some of the people are a different matter).  Free drink ticket.  Gorgeous cocktail waitresses will make a girl hate her body and a guy thank the gods for the view.
It's a known fact to everyone I go to Vegas with that I absolutely DESPISE Marquee night club ... and if you read my previous review, you'd be surprised. . . Here's why I drastically changed from love to hate (NIGHTCLUB):. . 1. Hello, millions and millions of lines ... where do I go? Oh, I'm not sure ... but doesn't matter 'cause a bouncer is bound to yell at me and tell me to BACK UP if I want to get in.. . 2. Ooooo! Insider connection got me to a back line? Oh ... that just means entering through the back in a WORSE line. EVERYONE, LISTEN UP. DO NOT go in the back line - you will hate your life and want to just leave.  If they didn't allow hundreds of hundreds of people through the back, it would be awesome - but for some reason they decide that the back line is not special.  You will be TRAMPLED on when you come near to having your ID checked - why?  Because for some reason, the lines mush together and people start shoving to get in. Took me a good two hours to get in once. Learned my lesson the hard way.. . 3. Bouncers need to learn that shining a flashlight in my eye while I'm walking THROUGH the dance room is really not doing anything.  Yes, I understand. I cannot go to the dance floor because you blocked it off since it's too crowded. Awesome.. . 4. My god is this night club CROWDED and the inside part is WAY TOO SMALL. Compared to XS, Marquee is tiny and NOT good for huge crowds. . . If I were reviewing for the night club only, I'd give it one star, but the dayclub is the COMPLETE opposite.  No need for me to go into details because it's literally completely the opposite - WONDERFUL crowds, NOT that crowded (surprisingly), AWESOME DJs, and not a thousand lines and bouncers.  FIVE STARS for the dayclub. Seriously. . . End of the story? Don't bother coming here at night - go here for day club only and you'll want to stay in Vegas forever. . But I'm rating it as a whole and I have to average it out - 3 stars to you, Marquee.  Do something about the night club, please.
Pretty nice club. I came here for dayclub and night club on a Sunday. I love the pool area, and awesome light effects at night. The music was pretty good.. . The only thing that would keep me from coming back here is the attitude of workers here. Bouncers and people working at the door were extremely rude. Here's my advice: if you have to be stuck at work anyway, you might as well make it a pleasant time for yourself and other people.
My friends and I came in at  11:05 and missed the guest list. Friday night..  . As a result of missing the guest list, my friend dragged us upstairs through a whole bunch of people ( which made them really mad) I was just amused, because if you had gotten there earlier then there would have been nothing to complain about. . . We ended up getting in about 20 minutes after our friend talked to his promoter friend.  So it didn't really take that long at all !!!! . . It was 45$ for guys with 2 girls, girls for free, I'm not sure how much it would be normally though.. This place was so confusing since there are a few different ways to get in, so if you get here early around 945 or 10 then you should be fine.. There were many stairs to walk up to get into the club, which is kind of a bitch if you are in heels. . . Martin Solveig played that night, and the dj before played house music as well.. . The dance floor was way too crowded, and they didn't let anyone, so we had to sneak in ok I know you are not supposed to do that either. ahaha . . The outside area where the pool was was so nice and pretty !!! It could have been larger though. . . 2 shots of patron and a coke were $30, I think the rest of the drinks were around $15 - $17. . . But we had free drink coupons, so not that bad :) . . I don't think I would come again because there was barely any room to dance, and the whole club just seemed to crowded and small.
Best way to enjoy your experience here is to reserve a table with your girlfriends.  You get bottle service, a place to sit and rest your feet, fresh air, and you can choose whom you'd like to chill with you.  . . We had a table on a Saturday night. The table was right on the edge of the pool, and luckily no one fell in. The area is okay, music is more Top 40.  The real party happens downstairs in the hip hop room.  Definitely bumpin' the best music.  It can also get hella packed.  I overheard a woman yell to her friends, "What the f**k?  I'm too old for this sh!t." Ha. But if you're lucky enough to squeeze through the crowd you may just end up partying with the celebrity du jour.  . . The venue is massive and navigating between dance floors, bathrooms, and tables can get interesting.  Bouncers are kind of strict; so much so that we were worried we'd get kicked out for the smallest of things.  Ah well.  Still had an awesome night with mah ladies.  Best part of the Marquee experience is the elevator ride to/from the main floor.  The elevator staff dude entertained us with a little freestyle.  Good times.
From what I remembered this halloween weekend:. . I got stopped by 42428905239 security guards for my nails, but they finally let me through up to the LAST security guard.. . While in the guestlist line:. Security guard: "sorry I can't let you in without sleeves". Friend: "But i'm a rockstar! rock stars don't wear sleeves, its halloween!". Security: "Yes but there is still dress code, go buy a 5 dollar shirt at that store and we'll let you in" -- Points at a bougie ass shirt with bedazzled gems all around the window. hahaha. Friend TO ME: "Aye, take off your jacket". Me: "WTF?! I'm only wearing a bra! I will be out of costume". Security guard: "No no no, if thats not her costume, dont make her do that man". . - We step out of line while my friend tries to get through another part of the guestlist. . Manager walks up to me. Manager: "Lady deathstrike". Me: "Ooo shit you recognized me!". Manager: "I bet youre looking for this guy" and proceeds to show me a picture of a dude who was dressed as wolverine the night before LOL. Me: "Yes! i've been trying to find a wolverine to fight!". Manager: "Why are you guys standing here?". Friend: "I cant get in because im wearing a sleeveless shirt". Manager: "Let me see what i can do". . a few minutes later, a security guard walks up and opens the ropes for us and while my friends walk through, I get stopped. . Security Guard #23494823: "i cant let you in with those". Me: "These nails?! everyone else let me in,  its part of my costume! its only duct tape!". Security Guard #82404927: "But you might poke someones eye out". Me: "im harmless i just look badass" LOL. My homegirl then proceedsto rip off my nails and we finally get it.. . 1 Star for the funny yet frustrating entrance into Marquee. . 2 Stars for still getting in for free during Halloween. . 3 Stars because I was faaaaaacked up and I had fun. It wasn't as crowded as i thought and ran into so many of my friends.. . Money spent: FREE.99. . by the way, was ATB good? I don't remember...
The dayclub is definitely not my favorite in Vegas. It's overpriced, full of sweaty orange people, and the pool is small. I came here for Kaskade; it was my first experience at a dayclub and although I had a few drinks in me, I did not have a lot of fun, mostly because of the people there. I was a little perturbed by the slutty girls who wear lingerie and gold chains and who refuse to go into the water for fear of messing up their hair. I also kept getting rubbed up against a guy with serious back hair / sweaty fat rolls. They may have some of the world's top DJs play here, but those events get so crowded it's impossible to enjoy unless you drop a ton of money to get a table.. . The nightclub was a different story. We came for Hardwell and everything was classy and nice. They had self-serve water, as opposed to the 10 dollar bottles at other clubs. The bouncers weren't douchey, and everyone looked good, perhaps with the exception of the people in the crowded hip hop room, which was essentially a huge grindfest. The outside area was really chill and there is a lot of space to party there. Yeah, if you want to get close to the front, it's a big shove fest, but that's the case at XS or any of the big Vegas clubs when there's a top DJ playing. . . I agree with the complaints - the layout is a bit weird, especially with the stairs, and XS is probably more fun, but Marquee the nightclub is certainly worth going to, especially if there's a good EDM artist playing.
I went to Vegas on Labor Day Weekend, and ended up at the Marquee only by chance because my brother-in-law got booted for having European Speedos on.  WTF?!  The security/bouncer was rude.  No standing or sitting room unless you have a cabana.  But what the hell, it's LDW right?!  And we got in for free.. . Drinks were way too expensive-now have I paid for it, I would be pissed, but since the club comped us for it, I didn't mind drinking at my leisure.. . We did find a really cool guy to hang with, thanks to my in-laws' date.  She mingled her way into our very, wait for it...CABANA!!  Yes, fully stocked and.  Our day was fulfilled.
Sexy? Yes.  Expensive? Yes. Hot? Yes.  Crowded? Please, not even funny.  Overall this second experience here was pretty cool not as awesome as the first time but still a good time with great people.  I will say that if you don't have bottle service this place is hard to post up at a single spot.  Be willing to work your way to the prime time spots in the crowd and be ready to sweat because when he beat is jumping so is everybody else!
My friends and I went to marquee around 11:00- 11:30 which is obviously a bad time for this nightclub knowing after open bar was from 10-11:00. I don't understand why open bar is for an hour. But for the most part, it was a good vibe. Alot of "messy" drunk people. I understand of wanting to have a good time, but some people were sloppy drunk!! Its a big place, alot of room on the dance floor, but it's confusing from getting to the dance floor, to outside, to the bathroom, to the bar, and back again. Even then I still couldn't find my friends for a good 15 min. The drink prices were high but strong so we didn't need that much to get buzzed. Marquee is a fun nightclub, I just don't know if Marquee would be my friest choice for nightclubs.
Very good looking crowd and very nice modern and hip club in the Cosmopolitan hotel.  I liked the vibe and the music but a bit young for me.  The crowd seemed to be predominantly in the early to mid 20's and I am more comfortable with a crowd in the mid 30's,
Marquee is just okay. The dance floors are too small and it gets TOO packed that I don't really enjoy going. Also, on the hip hop floor they don't play very good music. Womp womp. Drinks are over priced (just like everywhere in Vegas -_-), but they probably have the best cosmos I've ever had in my life. . . If you're in a group of girls (just girls only), you might score a FREE table with FREE drinks!! Just make sure you and your girls stay at the table though, bc if you don't, they'll kick you out of it just as quickly as they gave it to you. -_-boo.
Fun times.  Table boombox room.  Bouncer/service was good.. . Just too much money to spend.  . . 3 of us probably spent close to $3K total.. . $700 bottles of champagne that's 60 bucks at the stores...yeah its the table and all but still.  . . all good, that's how we do it in vegas!
Ugh, Marquee.... . I've been here a handful of times and I just never have a good time here. I'm not exactly sure why, but XS is just so much more superior than Marquee!. . Even though I don't like Marquee, I always end up coming here when I go to Vegas. I don't know why. Maybe because we are always forgiving and hoping Marquee will prove us wrong. So far, nope. Out of all the times I've been here, I've only had a remotely good time twice. Once when I went with my boyfriend and his friends and they got a table - it's always fun when you have a table, lol. And the last time I came here (couple weekends ago) when Sander van Doorn was playing was the only time I had a remotely good time here. Still, meh..I prefer XS.. . Marquee is located in the Cosmopolitan and I will admit that the venue is really nice. It gets pretty crowded though and the walkway is kind of narrow, so I don't like that about this club since it results in everyone pushing and shoving so they don't get separated from their group - doesn't help when everyone is drunk, too. Ugh. The outdoor area is pretty nice and I actually prefer to be out there than inside. There are a lot of cabanas and a nice pool. I hear their Dayclub is a lot better than their Nightclub, so I'm definitely looking forward to checking that out to compare.. . Aside from all this, the thing I hate most about Marquee are those damn STAIRS TO GET IN. Gawwwwwd. MARQUEE IS NOT GIRL-FRIENDLY, I TELL YOU! There are like a million flights of stairs you need to climb before you get into the actual club. WTF?! By the time I get in there, my feet are already hurting. Ugh. They have elevators to get from floor to floor (they have different levels which is a cool concept) but they only let some people use it...L;HKADH0-9DAIHDP'HODK I can't.. . In short, I don't plan on coming back herebecause my feet will hurt..unless it's for Dayclub in the summer. If my friends really want to go though, I'll go with the flow.
This review is for Marquee's Dayclub.. . First of all, I don't know how the world I even got in.  I don't even remember paying.. . There was this group in front of mine of like 4 guys.  I swear, they looked like some foreign soccer team or something.  They might've been One Direction.  I don't know.  But they were all chiseled and crap.  Looked like freakin' Chippindales.. . Enough of that though.  Remember in my previous review how I said the bouncers can be overly strict?  They take it to a whole different level here, but that's probably because well... the women are wearing a lot less than they would at night.  Unless they went commando at night.  I don't know.. . Oh yeah, now I remembered why I got in.  Our girl-guy ratio was 6 women to 2 guys.  Yeaah boiii!. . The vibe here though is much more chill than say Wet Republic.  At Wet Republic I felt that it was party non-stop.  You do get that vibe here, but I just felt like lying on my pool bed and enjoying myself.. . If you can get in, good club.  Still though, I much prefer the awesomeness of Marquee's nightlife.
My friends and I had a pretty good time, but in large part because we were able to get in for free. It's normally $50 for guys (!) and $20 for girls, which is just ridiculous, but whatever. And the way they have you get into the place IS weird! Going up and down all these stairs and whatnot. But once I got in I liked all their different rooms and areas. They had a smallish dancefloor and bar right when you get in, and they have the main massive floor and stage which opens up to the pool area, which was pretty impressive. Then they have a small "library" on the uppermost floor that was mostly pay tables and seating areas, but also has a pool table, fireplace and a teeny dancefloor. They do have shelves going all the way around with actual books, and the female servers are rocking the sexy librarian look, which was pretty funny. But they were playing some mellow hip-hop and funk, which was a nice break from all the EDM shenanigans in the other areas and we ended up finishing up our very late night here. One thing to note about this area: unisex bathrooms. Which sounds all egalitarian and whatever until you happen to go toward the end of the evening and find that someone (probably male) had peed ALL OVER the toilet, floor, and possibly the walls--EW. The rest of the bathrooms are safely segregated.. . It happened to be a super-busy weekend because DJ Dirty South was in town and the place was PACKED. Unless you buy one of their stupid tables or were manning a spot on the dancefloor since the place opened there was really nowhere to hang out, and you were constantly being forced to move by the security goons and their little flashlights. We'd found a nice little corner by the stage during the main set but were of course shooed out of there after about 30 min and had to wander around the club like displaced Israelites for the rest of the night. Hanging around outside wasn't too great either because it was so cold. I can't imagine how crazy this place must get during the summertime. Anyway, since I don't frequent places like this it was certainly an interesting experience, and my friends and I made the most of it. The best part was we were staying in the hotel so we were just a short elevator ride away from our beds!
I get the appeal of Marquee (Nightclub).  It's definitely a swanky club, and the sound system (in the main room) as well as the gigantic LED screen makes it a perfect venue for the bigger acts to dj.  . . But for such a large venue to only have 3 rooms (plus an outdoor patio area - which btw - doesn't matter much when it's zero degrees and the heat lamps aren't working) - one of which is more of a lounge (the Library) - it just doesn't make sense.. . The lower level room plays hip hop & r&b and while the music really is great, by midnight you are like a pack of sardines. I get it - that's the ways dance clubs are these days - but isn't the whole point to be able to dance too? Just sayin'.. . Another strike against Marquee - why oh why would you make each floor (and the exit) only accessible by STAIRS? Drunk people (esp girls in 4"+ heels, myself included) + walking DOWN 4 flights of stairs = a disaster (and lawsuit) waiting to happen.  . . Tip: Be careful walking up and down the stairs. And wear deodorant. :)
Heard from a bunch of friends that this place was amazing, but when it got down to it...especially around New Years that this place is probably not the place to go if you want to get your dance on. . . Was one of the first people into the club and the decor was very nice. Three floors with the 2nd floor being the main one where the DJ is at. All three floors have a bar with the top floor having a pool table as well. I'm giving this place three stars because I wanted to dance lots more, but I couldn't because the main floor had reached capacity on the dance floor. They didn't let anyone through. It was super disappointing. Granted I was able to dance for a good hour and had left to check out the other floors, but I was peeved that 30 minutes later, I would no longer be able to dance there. It was a crazy place to be. Their security crew had to keep people moving and there was no place to sit or even lean against (because there were people lined up against the wall) unless you had bought a table. Well boo you Marquee! Other notes: They have a photobooth by the coat check if you want to take pictures there. That's free. Coat check was $5.
Finally made my way here after a long day of walking the strip! Was looking forward to coming here so i had high expectations! had a friend get me on the guest list which saved me some cash on the entrance fee woo hoo! thanks Shaun! now its really gorgeous walking thru the cosmopolitan to get to marquee and me and my girl couldn't wait to get our boogie on but by the time we were behind the red ropes it was a nightmare going up ten flights of stairs! WTF???? horrible horrible horrible! also seen like 5 Chic's bust there ass on the way up and on the way down! can we say lawsuit, considering they only have elevators for VIP..thats some bull crap! i asked the doorman what floor will this lead to? he told me just follow the rest of the folks and experience it myself..(thanks dick!) anyway we finally arrived to the top floor cause i didn't know where these whack ass stairs ended! some chick came flying down the stairs and told me i had 2 more flights and it would lead to the top floor! yay!,just be best to start at the top and work our way down so we can give our feets and legs some rest( i totally recommend you don't walk the Vegas strip then come here last, very bad idea) anyway we get to the top floor labeled "the library" this room had anice swanky,dark atmosphere with a beautiful fire place and pool table to the side! i took a look at the menu and was astonished with the bottle service 3000$!!!!! whew..thats alot of money for some liquor! but it is imported from what i read and so on..so that was that room..we then worked our way down to last two rooms which was the hip hop room and dance/electronica from what i can recall and both were really nice, except hip hop room was very small, and the dance/electronica room had no where sit if you wanted to rest your feets before getting you boogie on and just to people watch and what not..all in all this place was alright, they couldve opened the elevators and not have drunk people go up and down hella flights of stairs, that's just bad business in my opinion, i would like to see the pool party here but I'm really not fond of using stairs to get there...please use elevators Marquee honestly don't know what the whole point is doing that to your customers. I'm really happy i didn't have to pay to get in here, because the whole stairs thang ruined it for me! i wanted to get my workout on the dance floor, not the stairs..totally killed my buzz!
I can't even begin to express how much I was looking forward to partying up at Marquee - not only was it on my bucket list, but my fav DJ happened to be playing a set the weekend we stayed at the Cosmo. That's like a dream cometrue! Well, to be honest, we were thinking of going to Vegas, but then when I saw that Markus Schulz was playing @ Marquee on  2/15/13, my boyfriend and I booked the package deal right away.. . I bought tickets a couple weeks in advance just in case it ended up being sold out. The prices are ridiculous - $20 for girls and $50 for guys?! I wouldn't have minded the prices so much if the club experience was as good as I hoped it would be. . . Anyway, since we were staying at the hotel, we ended up getting to Marquee around 1am. With that being said, it was a breeze to get in since there was no line by that time. We had about 2 or 3 different bouncers "escort" us down some elevator (and if you watch the floors carefully, you will see that you pass floor 4.5). I have no idea why that exists, but it was pretty cool. . . Once we got inside, it was SLAM PACKED... I mean, there was no room to move. Since it was our first time, we didn't know where to go so we just started to make our way into the center of the dance floor. Little did we know that you are not allowed "in" onto the dance floor or be able to stand ANYWHERE... with there being 1 bouncer for like 5 people. They kept telling us to move no matter where we stood, but we literally had no where to go. Unless you pay for a table, you are shit out of luck if you get there too late. After a good 30 minutes, my boyfriend "snuck" past one of the big bouncers to get into the space that leads you into the dance floor. I tried walking through, but he just stopped me and told me I can't go in there. I literally had to beg him so I could go stand next to my boyfriend. After about an hour, we finally made it down to the front. During that time, I had all kinds of liquor spilled on me, was asked to move out of the way by a girl who said she's going to puke right now, got pushed and shoved in all kinds of directions, and saw some kid stealing money from a girls purse. . . If you don't mind all of that crap that we went through for an hour, then it was a REALLY good time because Markus had an absolutely incredible set. There is no denying that the sound system and the lasers are phenomenal, so it def helped with giving this place at least 3 stars.. . Being from Chicago, we have a few amazing nightclubs very similar to Marquee (just not as big) but the biggest difference are the people. Marquee is  full of dirty people and douche bags. I was so disgusted after the night was over, i didn't even know what to do with myself. . . Regardless, we still had a great time once we finally found a good spot all the way up front. Unfortunately, I will not return to Marquee because it just isn't worth all the hassle. I am happy I got to check something off my bucket list, but that's where it stops for me.
Although how popular Marquee is, I think XS is better. I CANNOT stand walking up and down the stairs. C'mon now, don't they know that majority of the ladies are wearing 4" heels?! It's murder on our feet!! . . On our recent trip, I like the fact that they tented the outdoor area. Brilliant! Last year, we were stuck with a table outside and we were freezing our tushies! Way to go with the outdoor tent!. . What I don't like is the fact that you can't just 'hang around' on the main dance floor area. Security makes everyone keep moving to keep the area clear. It's almost impossible to hang out with your group unless you get bottle service. But lucky for us, we always manage to get a table. ;)
It was fun to come to Marquee for the glam factor, but everything was so crowded here.  I gave it a few tries, and I think I'm going to stick to XS.  Since my single days are over, I can't just mooch off a guy who spent thousands on his table. Darn.
First of all and i think the most important is that this venue almost always has djs who spin either trance or house music, with very little deviation. They do have a seperate hiphop room but its very small. IMO i always check to see whose spinning at the club, if you dont like the music sorry to say this but there are othervenues in vegas that are still very nice and probably easier to get into and with cheaper drinks. That being said, if you want the absolute easiest way to get in every time, especially with big name Djs, is to pre buy your ticket online via their website. The next best way is to find a promoter. The good/bad thing about this is you have to spend time setting it up, and its still up to the promoter to respond back to you and take care of you. Many times they may not be at the venue or not very good at getting back to you. Staying at the hotel usually gets you 2 free admissions per room per night, but is subject to whatever the door feels like doing that night. The Club itself has a lot of stairs, lots of stairs, be prepared to walk A LOT. drinks are typical for vegas, meaning expensive. If you drink a lot and have enough people, a table might be worth your while. Marquee dayclub is attached to the club just dont fall in the pool. The most important tip at this venue is watch anything valuable you might have with you. I had my wallet, stolen right out of my front pocket. I wasnt drunk or heavily intoxicated at that time. I was in the middle of the main floor dance floor when it happened. We searched for it on the floor but never found it. The security was very helpful in trying to find it, but to no avail. The club security and hotel security both admitted to me that they KNOW there are pick pockets who work the club and steal wallets, phones, watches, jewelry, pretty much anything that can be taken from you when you are drunk, dancing around or just packed into the venue on a busy weekend night. The next time i go back im bringing a wallet with a chain. that being said the club itself is nice, the lines can be long, if you like the music and can afford to spend the money for the drinks, its not bad. Just do what the security says and bring a taser, JK dont do that but really, buy tickets ahead of time, follow the dress code, and have fun.
Last time I visited Vegas back in June I made the mistake of not visiting Marquee. It was almost humorous how many times I was told by local friends I had just met and cab drivers making chit-chat that Marquee was the club of the moment. Since we didn't make it last time I made it a priority this time since I had heard SO many great things!. . This time we were staying at the Cosmopolitan and they have a great little thing that essentially lets hotel guests cut in line which was AWESOME because the line was reaaaaally long. We chose to go on a Saturday night which was probably a mistake because it was really crowded and we had to pay the full $20 cover for ladies. We were glad that we weren't men because it would have been $50! Yikes!  Overall it was an interesting experience. Definitely had that "cool kid" feel which was kind of fun for the group I was with of early 20-something ladies.. . Drinks were expensive at $14 even for well drinks. It was too crowded on every floor so there was really not a lot of room for dancing which was a bummer. I was looking forward to dancing when the headlining DJ came on but security had blocked off the dance floor which was kind of a bummer. Also traveling by stairs was a total pain, especially in heels. We ended up leaving early and I definitely feel like I didn't get my full $20 worth of nighclub. I feel like if we had gone on a different and less busy night I may have had a better time.
I don't like the physical layout of this club, it's too claustrophobic. It's definitely worth checking out though, and I did like the outdoor portions of the venue.  The dance floor was way too small at the show I went too.  3 stars because it was fun, but otherwise the crappy ass small dance floor makes me think of giving it 2 stars.  Walking up a ridiculous amount of stairs to get to the show was pretty stupid.
wish the pool was open last week all the pools were dead only a wading pool what a waste of a 500 + cabana we got
The rooms are small.But I do love the outside with pool.... The entrance was $50... I ended spending $200 + on myself and a lovely friend that just happen to be there :). That being said some of the drinks are a little over price for my taste.But you can always pre drink at your room....
I came here 2 years ago, and I couldnt stop raving about this club after the trip. This place was poppin  - the decor, the music, and the rooftop view !! I loved it !. . This past trip however ... was full of disappointment. We were on the guestlist...and still waited a good 45 mins in line. This place was super crowded by 11ish and we literally had to push through the crowds to get through to the clubs. . . My friends weren't having it that night and couldnt stand the music so we went in search for the Hip Hop / R&B room. After their many flights of stairs, we finally get to this teeny tiny room that was probably 900 sq ft. We were seriously rubbing elbows with these gigantic size chicks dancing around us. Dance for less than 15 mins and bounced.... but guess what ? Couldnt just bounce ... had to trek through miles of stair cases before finally leaving that damn club. . . Overall, disappointed.
Just cause the lines are long doesn't mean it's good.. . The club is definitely competent to good in all respects. The problem is just dealing with the crush of douchbags that come along with being the hottest place in town. If you're in town midweek it's a nice option. Avoid on weekends - unless you've got a hookup it's just not worth the hassle.
This is a review for Marquee Nightclub! . . I AM NOT A FAN!! Hear me out before you judge me :). Haha.. . Pros:. 1. I'm a girl so I'm always on the guest list, therefore I never have to wait. . 2. Three dance floors. 3. Kaskade performs here!. . Now let me tell you why I'm giving this place only three stars.. I went on labor day weekend and the place WAS SOOOO PACKED. There was no way you can get anywhere. For Friday night, I went to see Avicci and the main dance floor was closed off because it was too crowded (this is understandable). So my friends and I went to the hiphop floor. The floor was so small and crowded. I seriously don't know how any one can dance in there because you can barely even more around. I wanted some fresh air so I went outside to the pool area. Yup, still crowded. It was nice and I like how they have tables for people to gamble outside but it was just way too crowded for me. Oh man, let me tell you about the stairs. It's ridiculously! The bathroom line was ridiculously too. Thankfully, I stayed at Cosmo so I just held it in until I got out of the club. The club was super crowded that my friends and I decided to leave early. It was probably about 1am.. . I went back to Marquee for a second night to see Kaskade performed. My friends and I got there early so we can get to the front of the main dance floor, yup we wanted to see Kaskade! :D. It was 11pm and the dance floor was already closed off. I wanted to use the bathroom so bad but I knew if I was to leave, I would not be able to see Kaskade so I held it in :(. Kaskade finally came on at 1:30AM. I was in the front of the dance floor and had a lot of room to dance so that was nice. The only problem about being in a dance floor that is closed off is that you cannot leave to buy more drinks. Therefore, I highly recommend you guys to drink as much as you can before getting into the main floor or else you will be sober for the rest of the night! Once it was 3AM, I decided to leave. It was so hard to leave!! Everyone was trying to get into the main dance floor so there was such a huge crowd outside of there. I had to push so many people (I felt so bad but you got to do what you got to do to leave that place!) I felt so squished while trying to get out. . . In conclusion, I love Marquee for having Kaskade but I would never come back to this club. It's way too crowded for me.
Certainly a nice place. On the rooftop of the lower section of "The Cosmopolitan" hotel between the two towers, they have a nice pool area that serves as an extension to the inside club. In truth, outside was the only place to be able to move and get a drink with decent wait time the night I was there... The fact that it was a bit cold and windy probably helped with that! I was there for a private party so I can't comment on price of admission and drinks but that would probably make it above what I like to spend for a night!
DAYCLUB:  (I have a nightclub review below too). . Soooo I am directly comparing Marquee Dayclub with Encore Beach, and for me, Encore Beach definitely wins.  The problem with Marquee Dayclub is that the pool just isn't really conducive to meeting people very easily, and there's only 1 pool.  There IS another small pool I guess, but it's in this VIP area and nobody was in it.  I'm sure that in the middle of summer this place is more hopping, but it's the end of April and it was a Sunday, so maybe it was slow for those reasons.  . . On the plus side, there were free drinks for girls from 1pm-2pm, so that was nice.  But it didn't include fun drinks, just well drinks... at least they're trying to get chicks drunk.  I did like all of the bartenders though, they are super nice!. . The VIP areas they had aren't really that close to the pool, so that was kinda lame.  And the people there just weren't as hot as I was expecting.  I think I'm just being picky, plus my past experiences at Encore Beach were just better than here.  Overall I wouldn't say don't go....but I would say to try Encore Beach first.... (sorry Marquee, get some more hot guys into your club!)
I have been to Marquee multiple times and I have the same consistent feelings about this nightclub:. . Pros. - Beautifully decorated club with a great environment; Music is loud and everyone is pretty much having a good time. - The outdoor area is open and is a great way to take a break from the dance floor; one of the open outdoor patios that I prefer over must clubs. - DJ lineup is usually pretty impressive and has big names. - Bathrooms aren't too crowded and are well maintained by the staff; there is a large parlor area in the girls bathroom. . Cons. - Small dance floor; most of the time the dance floor is blocked off because it is overpacked so the security guard tells you to go somewhere else to dance. - Stairs; it isn't friendly to girls wearing heels, but hey, we choose to wear heels. . I would still come back though because it is one of the bigger named clubs out there today. Expect more EDM music than hip hop.
It was difficult for me to write this review.  I will just start with the basics.  The club is absolutely beautiful, the music was off the hook (Kascade was playing, amazing!), the sound system was ok (I am spoiled by Funkion 1s on the regular).  My host that night is a friend of one of the directors there, and we were treated to VIP.  Unfortunately, my friend and I lost our other friends early on, and weren't able to be in the VIP area with them,  but being an outgoing and friendly women, we made new friends..... Here comes the bad/scary part....  Towards the end of the night, the bouncers usher everyone into the main dance floor area and closed the back patio and bar... We met a man and he asked us to sit up on the ledge with him.  A big bouncer came over and told us to get down.  We said no, we are out of the way and are resting for a minute up here.  He seemed angry and told us to get down, and I jumped down, and he grabbed my right arm, extremely hard and pushed me forward.  It hurt so bad! :(  I immediately went over to a bar to the right and the bartender was cleaning up, and I told him what happened, he got the security supervisor.  The security supervisor, Michael Betts, took me to a back room where they had 2 EMT workers there.  They took my statement, put a cold compress on my arm, and talked to me a bit and I started to calm down, I was crying and scared.  Nothing like this has ever happened to me before.  At this point, also I should state that in the commotion, I lost my other friend I was with. So I was alone, and didn't know really what to do.  Mr. Betts was very nice and helpful, and gave me his card, if I have any questions I am able to contact him, which I might do today.  After I left the room with the EMTs Mr. Betts walked me around a little bit to see if I could spot any of my friends, which I couldn't.  Then he took me out to walk in the front of the elevators, as that is the only way to exit the club.  I had a drink there and waited, they didn't show, so I left.  What a horrible end to what should have been an epic night.  I hope the bouncer that hurt me was fired.  I have a huge bruise on my arm and it is still swollen.  :(  I hope everyone else that goes there has a better experience than I did.
Came here for a girls weekend and Marquee was on our to-do list. We bought tickets in advance to see Sander van Doorn and thank god we did! The line to get in was easy, breezy. Just go upstairs if you have tickets, instead of braving the hordes of people waiting downstairs.. . Drinks here are Vegas priced, which translates to hella expensive! I think a round of shots for 4 was $55? And, it was so disgusting. I ended up pouring my vodka shot into some juice. Call me a puss, but I'm too old to down nasty shots. Now, if it's a good tasting shot, sure, bring it on!. . It was a pain in the ass getting from the outside to the inside of the club. We had to stand in line just to get back in, instead of just going back in through the open patio. . . It's prettier outside, but the music doesn't sound as good. Be careful of the pools, you don't want to fall in. The music was kinda eh till around 1 am when Sander came on. Then, it got ten times better! We ended up dancing inside, since we wanted to be part of the energy, but it was super annoying getting told to move by security every 5 seconds. Geez! . . We ended up dancing over by the back patio. Whateves. I danced so hard that I broke my heels! And, my feet hurt for 2 days after. . . Beware of the 5 million stairs you'll have to endure on your way out. . . I like XS better though. Better music and better venue. Marquee, you're just average.
Solid pool party. Great music. Good people. Great staff. . Recommendation to come during the week vs. weekend. This place get's packed! Get there upon opening hour for sure. . I came here for my birthday this last week...got there about an hour or so after it opened and there was already no where to sit. I can only give 3 stars because I'm sorry...you pack this place to the gills and I understand you are trying to make money off of chairs ($300) and cabanas and what not...but there's no where else for people to go unless you just stand at the bar or pool the whole time. Staff was kicking people out of areas whom were trying to lay out. . We even asked a guy in a pool side table if we could set our towels next to him...which he was fine with but staff kicked us out of the area. They aren't mean about it, it just stinks when you are simply trying to find somewhere to go. Sorry, not going to pay upwards of $300 either...that's just nuts. . The drinks are good and I definitely had a fun time there no doubt. Met a lot of really chill people and it was an overall great day! I would recommend coming here for sure. Perhaps during the week if you are looking for a place to lay out. Weekends be poppin' though!
went to the Dayclub wasn't impressed. May have been how awesome Encore was the day before but none the less seemed nowhere near on the same level. daybeds, cabana's were very cramped barely had room to walk between rows of beds.
Not as good as XS but still a good time. Shout out to the bartender who I won't mention by name but I still want to thank for hooking me and my girl up with some thick patron shots. You know when your struggling to gag it down after two gulps your in trouble. Big ups to you sir
Free last saturday when i came with a bunch of girls and we were on the guest list.  the line for us was very short considering it was ~ 12pm.. . lockers are $20 so plan to bring as little as you can so you can share with a bunch of people.. . when we got there it was super crowded with no place to sit, and strangers stepping on your toes.  i got cut 2 times by other girl's long toe nails! GROSS!.  . get in the pool while theres still space and just dance.  that in my opinion is way fun.  unfortunately the pool water was murky and so heavily chlorinated that my bikini bottoms were bleached 5 shades lighter than my bikini top (which was out of the water the whole time).  since there were no showers (to my knowledge) i developed a rash on my legs from that nasty water.  if you are trying to take pictures, please bring a water resistant device.  they do a LOT of splashing here (which is OK) but it can get out of hand.. . i also liked when they released the beach balls into the crowd, which made things more fun, but security really needs to regulate, as there were multiple A-hole guys trying to show power by violently spiking the balls into people's heads.. . Inefficient staff to keep the reentry lines moving, the man would just let people out and then do nothing, then make us wait while our feet burn on the ground while just standing there.. . game plan: come early with a bunch of females on the guest list, and party it up before the crowd gets out of control
Came here for Memorial Day Weekend day clubbing on Saturday with a group of 5 girls.. . Verdict: Unimpressed.. . Didn't have to wait long around 12:30pm (probably only 5 minutes before getting in if you're on the guest list and someone walks you in), $15 per cup of cran+vodka, $30 for a locker to put all your stuff in, lots of splashing so don't bring your phone unless you're just sunbathing, lots of college guys on a budget unfortunately, lots of stairs, super crowded inside and outside of the pool, water was warm (gross-ish).. . Bouncers were friendly though so that's a +1. I had to walk back to the lockers to get something and they recognized me and just let me back in no questions, despite there being a long line of people waiting to get in. Also, although one drink definitely wouldn't be enough to even get you smiling, it wasn't bad tasting.
We purchased a booth and the service was fab.. Minimum was four bottles, $4000..To enjoy you have to party  like a BOSS. Made many new friends from Russia, Caribbean, & locals..No need to walk to dance  floor to dance, we had room to dance on space between booths. Thumbs up overall!
Fun experience, but crowded as hell!
It seems like its a big club, but the dance floor is relatively small. Bouncers were giving me a hard time, just didn't get a good vibe from the club.
I hate clubbing in Vegas if we don't have bottle service. If you buy drinks go to one bar tender to take care of you because he'll have no issues giving you free chasers. If you go to another bar tender they'll charge you $5 and won't even top it off. If one person in your party gets too drunk the bathroom attendant will report it and you will get kicked out. The only entrance is one elevator. If you're told to take the stairs it is a long long long long long long long walk. Be prepared for very painful feet if you're wearing heels. I didn't care much for Marquee. I didn't have a great experience.
Marquee is one of the nicest clubs I've been too. I love the fact that it's three levels so if your mood changes go up a level or down a level. Music is great. . . The bouncers are stuck up and rude but I guess that's the way you have to be when your constantly around annoying drunk people. . . Aside from that the only other thing I can complain about is how packed this place gets it's insane. And don't you dare take off your heels or you will get kicked out.
!!!!!!CATTLE HERD!!!!!  . . Marquee - a club for the masses, where they treat like you like cattle unless you have a table with bottle service.  It's not the employees' particular fault that they yell and shove you and tell you to keep it moving.  It's a result of the layout of the club in the main room.. . The small dance floor is a circle with its perimeter surrounded by tables.  It looked like they dedicated equal or more real estate to tables than common areas.  Sucked for us folks who don't feel like blasting a few grand to party.  From a business perspective, I guess this is smart so that they can maximize revenue from bottle service. . . Don't bother going to this club if you don't get a table.  Thank goodness my friends and I knew someone so we didn't have to wait in line and pay cover.  I would have been upset if I had to pay a fee to enter a very crowded club just to be treated like an animal.. . Went on a Saturday night w/ DJ Kascade spinning (starting at 1am).  Like typical Vegas clubs, they had an acrobatic performer and dancers once he came out.. . Drink prices are average (for Vegas).  3 kamikaze shots were $42.  Plenty of stalls in the bathrrom for the ladies so there wasn't a long line.  They also had lots of chairs in front of the mirror so that you can freshen up.. . Pool area outside was also open, but who wants to hang around outside when it's still in the 90's during the summer even at nightime?. . Inside, the a.c. system was great, because it didn't feel muggy like some clubs can get when it gets packed.. . Huge range of people in the crowd, from men in their upper 40's/50's trying to party like they're in their 20's again and loving the attention they get from the gogo dancers/cocktail waitresses to people who just turned 21 and are clubbing for the first time.  But most of the people look like the "forever 21/jersey shore" crowd.  Then again, most folks at the Cosmopolitan hotel in general look like that.
Maybe I had a too much expectation... . PROs:. - they invite top DJs. - big lounge outside. - nice interior display. . CONS:. - smallass dancefloor. - hence it gets ridiculously crowded especially when the top DJs are playing. - people pushing and pouring drinks on each other. - pricey drinks... $14!!. - $8 for a bottle of water.... . . PS:. - prepare yourself to walk up 2-3 floors to get there!. - buy presale ticket to avoid line. . . FYI I came here last week for Dash Berlin. For some reason he arrived at 1:30am and I thought that was a bit of a wait although I enjoyed Rebecca & Fiona's set.
Such a love/hate relationship with this club.... . PROS: . . 1. Great Hip Hop floor (very rare in Vegas now). 2. Excellent EDM DJs!. 3. Strong drinks!. . CONS:. . 1. SO MANY STAIRS... literally 3 flights to enter and 3 flights to exit. My shoes are usually off by the time I step out of the club.. 2. The dance floor is so small that if you don't get on it before midnight, it'll prob be closed off. It's also super packed so it's nearly impossible to stay there for too long. CAN'T BREATHE.. 3. Drinks are expensive (standard), but not a big deal for girls.. . There are different lines on different floors.. 2nd floor is guest list and that line gets LONG.. 3rd floor is presale tickets and you basically go in right away.. It's convenient to stay at this hotel bc you can go in early (no lines), get a re-entry stamp and go back up to your hotel room and continue drinking!. It doesn't get packed until 11PM anyways and DJs usually don't come on until past 1AM.. If you're with a group of girls, security will take you to bottle service tables occupied by all guys.. I love the decor of the place but I wish the dance floor was bigger!. If you are up front, you'll be hit with lots of confetti and sometimes $1 bills are shot from the stage as well!. The outside area (where dayclub is) is also very nice but there's nowhere to sit unless you have a table. . There are 2 rows of tables that line the main dance floor and a row of tables and another row of cabanas that line the pool area outside.. There are also a few Blackjack tables out there.. I always dread going to this place but for some reason, I always end up coming back...
This place is way overrated. People love it more than they should because it's in the Cosmo. It's a great hotel, but it's day club is not better than any of the other decent ones.. . The place was packed. The DJ was good. But unless you have a daybed or cabana, it's not as enjoyable. The minimum for a daybed was $1500. After the hefty that's closer to $2100. The reason you consider it is to have a place to put your stuff. That's a steep price to pay for a little space.. . Save your money and go somewhere else.
Marquee Nightclub is set in the beautiful Cosmopolitan Casino. What a stunning casino with all the luxurious looking chandeliers. After seeing the casino you only expect the best with Marquee Nightclub.. . The line moves quick to get in and they shuttle everyone up in elevators (which later you find to be misleading) to the main dance floor. Once the doors open to the elevator your immediately engulfed with music which gets you pumped. The main floor that opens into the pool area overlooks part of Vegas. It is absolutely gorgeous. I would go back only to book a cabana and hang out there. Lovely. . . However the remaining portion of the dance club I could care less. The Beat Box (downstairs) I was expecting to be my favorite floor since I love Rap/Hip/Hop & 90's style music but unfortunately the place is way too small and over packed with people. Ash from cigarettes were being flung on the dance floor burning several others around them. People were pushing to get through to the dance floor which was bleeding out into the remainder of the bar area. Literally you were stuck in one place with little room to move. Huge let down. . . The Library (which is located upstairs) was a little bit better but very low-key. Part of our group booked a table & bottle service here and unfortunately it was not as much fun as we expected. We wanted to be down on the main floor for the music and fun there. If you are looking for a place to unwind or potty-break go there.. . The end of the night was a major let down. Now I understand why Marquee took everyone up in elevators - 10 flights of carpet & metal staircases - seriously. Don't know how this isn't a liability for the club with all the drunks that are leaving at the end of the night. . . This place is supposedly rated the 2nd top nightclub behind Hakkasan. If I were you I would save your time and go elsewhere - unless you bought bottle service at one of the poolside cabanas.
This place was so beautiful! Got in on a guestlist, so I was there since 10pm waiting for kaskade to play at 1am. It was a fun, classy place. Lots of tall people, I felt way short. Only reason it got 3 stars instead of 4 is because of an asshole bouncer. He went on a power trip, but we got in anyways because of a nice one.
Went to see Kaskade, Summer Lovin tour on a Saturday night. Club was way to packed, must have over sold it. If you left the main room, you'd have to wait in line to get back in. Club as far as decor and furniture was outstanding. The security staff is one of the reasons I gave a low star rating and a reason that I probably won't go back. Security was very pushy and mouthy. Customer service is #1, especially when your prices are so high, you expect good service with a good attitude. The bartenders were awesome, and also the bathroom attendants . Prices so you know are $10 for an aluminum bottle or can of beer, $8 for a 20oz bottle of water, and $12 for a well mixed drink.
PROS & CONS:. . PROS:. Visually stunning. Top Talent. Lasers galore. Beautiful People. Great music. Great layout. Different rooms (Boom Box and The Library). . . CONS:. The line waits are ridiculous. . There are two points of entry on the 3rd and 4th floors.. Guest lists doesn't help or expedite the process. Tables sell out quickly. DISORGANIZED. SUPER, DUPER PACKED. . This is definitely one of the clubs you have to be in the know. You have to shell out tons and tons and tons of money. It is a holiday weekend, the crappiest table is going to be a $5000 minimum. I go to Marquee and deal with the chaos only when a DJ I love is there. Otherwise, this place is a headache and my mood is sour before I even step foot inside.
I went to Marquee with very high hopes as it's supposed to be the hottest new club in Vegas. . . However, I was not impressed by a few quite important factors. But first, let's start with the positives: . 1. Located in the trendy Cosmopolitan . 2. Well crafted cocktails . 3. Higher standards for getting in yet quite feasible - I contacted the promoter Larson beforehand and got me and my bf on the guest list. After that, it's a typical girls on the guest list get in for free and guys on the guest list pay $50 cover. If you're not on the guest list, you can't get in. It's simply that packed and there's a huge line. . 4. Great DJs . . Here are the cons and the reason why Marquee is a solid 3 stars: . 1. CRAZY packed. I literally could not even dance on the dance floor let alone move my hand. Since people are so close to each other, drink spills are beyond commonplace. So expect to have cran-vod spills on your sexy Vegas clubbing attire. 2. Very small. The venue is 3 stories with 1 floor for Hip Hop (where I spent most of my time), 1 floor for Electronic and 1 floor for Top 40s/mashups. Each floor is extremely small with the Hip Hop floor as the smallest. The "dance floor" is so tiny that it's no wonder the place is so packed! When I go clubbing, I expect to dance my heart out. And there was simply no room or space to do that. . 3. The stairs from hell. Clearly the genius who designed this club could not have been a woman. To get from floor to floor, you have to walk up a flight of ridiculously high stairs and of course that equates to feet suicide for women.  . . So yes, the music is great and yes, the club is trendy but unfortunately it falls short on a few important tenets that warrant a 4 or 5 star review.
Want to be herded in a circle around the dance floor like cattle? Want to be told "keep moving..." 18 times by the end of the night? Want to try to go onto the dance floor and be turned away 8 times? Well then this is the place to go!! . . In all seriousness, if its a big name DJ, get to the dance floor early and stay there. Dont leave or you might not get let back onto the dance floor. The area in front of the stage is small and gets super packed on a good/busy night.. . **As you can tell I didnt have much fun there that night, HOWEVER, that was for Kaskade on a Saturday night... I went back on monday to see W&W and the place was AWESOME. Plenty of space in front of the stage, didnt get herded around in a circle by security and had a blast.. . Cliff notes: Great club but gets super packed, cant even get onto the dance floor when its a big name dj... BUT go on an off night and its a great time.
To begin, walking through the Cosmopolitan was an incredible experience. I felt like I was literally walking into a movie. I'm not normally into glamour or luxury, but damn if I don't want to stay here the next time I'm in Vegas. I went here a few weekends ago on a Friday night to see W&W. My two girlfriends and I were on the guest list (our two guy friends bought tickets in advance and got inside before us) and probably had to wait around 25 minutes total to get inside. One thing I really didn't prepare for was the walk up the kinda-janky-yet-very-interesting stairs to get to the EDM floor. My friend wore flats that night and I was pretty jealous about an hour in. There aren't many places to sit if you don't have a table or a cabana, so beware. . . The dance floor was super tiny, and it eventually was swollen with people two hours into the night. I was lucky I didn't have a drink because I was shoved around and stepped on until I decided to leave. I couldn't handle it anymore, plus my wedges were killing me. I went outside for a much needed drink and waited about 5 minutes to get served. $14 for my Maker's Mark and ginger. It got more and more packed inside and outside as the night went on. W&W killed it, but we could barely see their set because of the massive swells of people. The lights were awesome and the dancers were getting their hawt thang going! The bathrooms were really nice, and they have everything a woman would ever need for sale at the counters. The interior is super high class and beautiful as well as the outside. The pool is so tempting! I wanted to dunk my feet in a few times. . . I give Marquee Nightclub three stars because when I compared it to my experiences at other Vegas nightclubs, it didn't stand out. I'd definitely come back here again, but maybe next time I'll either bring flats in my bag or come with a crew of girls only to increase our chances of getting invited to a table.
This Dayclub was boring. My star rating is based on a couple things. It was easy to get in (Friday Around 2PM) +1. And the cover was only $20 and free if you were on a guestlist +2. Opposed to Wet Republic and Liquid lounge at the Aria, the music here was all electronic that the crowd did not seem to know. Liquid had a top 40 hip hop mix that was WONDERFUL. Wet Republic had Aoki so everyone loved that. Marquee seemed like it was a dreary movie with people who were 'trying' to learn how to have fun. It's more a place for women to have sexy bikinis and dress up and not dance. Dudes just are jacked, tan, standing and looking lost.. . They need to up the fun factor here. It was fun being on a bed in the pool, however. The purple frozen drinks were delicious.+1
Very, Very torn on this overall review. . . If I could separate it I would give 5 stars to the Dayclub and 3 stars to the Nightclub. Why you ask?. . Well they are combined, yes, all one, both stages are opposite of one another, one inside, one outside. Both were open when I attended the nightclub and when I attended the next day at the dayclub. So, that is kinda cool... you can go in between both no problem and when you are inside and SO HOT, you can walk outside to get some fresh air or if you are outside and SO HOT, you can go inside (during the day) and cool off.. . Positive things about Nightclub:. - Amazing sound system. . Negative things about the Nightclub:. - PACKED inside beyond belief. I know that they think they have more room since both areas are open but if you are there to experience a certain DJ, more than likely you want to be inside, right? So it was packed so much that they were not allowing you to enter the main dance floor. There were employees everywhere telling you to keep moving - you could not stand anywhere near the dancefloor if you were not in the thick of it... which was cut off. However, my friend slipped the dude $20 to let us on the dancefloor, that worked (which made me sick to think about, how rude!!) however, when he requested to go use the restroom and come back, the dude asked for $60 more from him and any of us that had to use the restroom... ABSOLUTELY ABSURD! "Security" pocketing money when they should be there to, oh I don't know, keep everyone SAFE?!?! Terrible business antics I witnessed. I had to hold myself from not slapping some sense into the security dude. And some of you may be thinking, this girl has no idea what a club like this is for... and I do, it's a "high class" club that makes money off the VIP guests, well that doesn't mean you should be rude or offer different service to people who paid to get in the door and enjoy a night with their favorite DJ. Sigh... so sad. . . Negative things about both:. - $8 water. WHAT? Yep $8 water. That should be illegal. Towards the end of the night when they are counting their HUGE $$ Bills... they will just give you a glass of ice water, how nice?. . - We had a "special" bracelet, as they have different package levels, specials etc, and our allowed us access to all the shows over LDW and each and every employee, the three times we went, had different information on what were allowed to have access with it. Some gave us VIP treatment, others had to ask 3 other people if we were even allowed in, it was a hot mess but I know overall it was appreciated since we were ultimately given correct access but we should not have had to jump over so many hoops to get what we had the right to receive. . . And the Dayclub is just an entire different beast! Yes, they pack people in but some are there for their VIP/Pool experience only and others for the DJ experience. I stood right up at the top bar next to the DJ booth and had room to dance and enjoy the entire day, lovely, just lovely. I appreciate that they had lockers as well! . . So overall, it's A-OK but if I had to return to the nightclub, I am not sure I would jump on the opportunity but wouldn't be completely against it if Kaskade were to pop in here again... thin line.
Marquee used to have a great crowd but recently over the past few months the crowd hasn't been as fun. The view is beautiful, if you get there early or have a table you don't have to climb up the 5 stories of stairs, but otherwise, you do.. Beer's $10, most drinks are $10-15. For the main floor, there's two bathrooms, one inside which is really hot and busy and one outside by the back bar which is cooler and more empty. Also, the bar bar is a lot less busy than any of the others.. Music is great and they DJs they book are the only reason to come here. Either get on guestlist through the website (if you're a girl and it's not Saturday) or get on a promoter guestlist (even ratios) for comped entry. There's never a reason to pay to get in here if you're female. Also, promoters let you know if there's specials like cheap tables or open bar (ladies only 10-11) going on so it's best to find one using some social media site. Super easy to find, my favorite is CJ- 702-708-4409, just shoot him a text. If you're staying at the Cosmo, you also get in for free and have a separate line for entry.. Dance floor gets packed early and security keeps you moving (no standing in walkways... and almost everywhere inside is a walkway) If you're inside your best bet is by the long bar stage right of the mainstage on the way to the bathrooms or being a table rat. Seating is limited and really only available on the planters outside- also fills up fast. . Long cab lines if you don't leave before 2.. I prefer XS personally but it's worth seeing
I went to the day club and it was pretty fun. The drinks were a little expensive but I guess that's expected for Vegas. The crowd was pretty cool and the pool was nice. I only gave 3 stars because the staff was not very friendly. I was waiting to get into the pool area and the employee who was in front of the line was texting, then looked up saw us waiting in line, then went back to texting and walked away. Then finally someone else came out to help us get in.
Honest review. Marquee is a beautiful club. We got there right when they were open and bought our tixs presale so we haD to head to the 3rd floor. Its through the glass elevator on the casino floor and up the escalator. The bouncers there were every nice to my husband and I. They directed where to go to get To The Club Line. Since we were the first ones in its actually another flight of stairs to the 5th floor. The bouncer was nice enough to warn me if we leave before 2am we had to take the stairs down 5 flights. We went into the hip hop room which is on the 5th floor and it was pretty small. Proly no bigger than the usual bars inside any of the Vegas casinos with a small maybe 15 x15 dance floor. We decided to check out the main room on the 6th floor since ferry corsten was djing that night. We bought an audios and a beer n it came out to be $23. Very expensive drinks given we could had got free drinks playing at the casino downstairs. We thought lines were going to be long from reviews but were so wrong. It wasn't until near 11pm when the crowd started. My husband bought a shot, another audios, and a grey goose with red bull for $50. He had used his credit card for this. (this will be a wrong decision later...stay reading to my review here.) We had a pretty good time there. We both danced the night away and didn't get anymore drinks given we didn't want to be drunk walking back to our hotel about 5 hotels north of marquee. We left around 2am-ish as we were able to take the elevator down. On Monday while leaving Vegas my husband receives a call from his bank saying there were suspicious activities on his account and that's how we found out marquee has charged 2 additional charges to his account. When it finally cleared today i gave marquee's accounting department a call to dispute that but was told normally they deal with the bank on this. I told the lady the bank asked us to call to dispute it. She said she was going to email me the transaction of which i gave her my email addy but have not since received the transaction. This is ridiculous but if the charges has already cleared my end and it happened 3 days ago the receipt should not be hard to provide. I've worked at a restaurant before and i know how it goes with credit card receipts. Going to call the bank again to let them know to credit me back for fraudulent charges. By the way the accounting lady gave me the info on the receipt of drinks i don't even drink as my fave is the audios. Over all the club is very impressive for the 3 stars but my concern was on the fraudulent charges. I wonder if i wasn't sober enough to remember everything what others who are drunk are getting charged and they get away with it. Tip for anyone going there use CASH. Thank goodness i did on my first bar order of the audios and beer...my bank card could have gone through the same thing as my husband's.
Came for a private event, the space is very nice and the staff is friendly. I didn't think the music was any good, but the rest of the place was decent. Nice mix of outdoor and indoor.
Marquee is fun!!! There is a few different rooms. . . From the very top there is a chill and relaxing area. No one really knows about this area. They also have a bar and pool tables. I only went up to the top level because my friends wanted to check out this venue. Not sure if they always open up this area.. . Then the house are which is the largest part of the venue. It also leads up to the outside by the pool. They had mermaids that swam in the pool.
