It's an airport, no one actually wants to be in one for very long. But if you are stuck, then all in all it's decent enough. We flew out on Dec. 27th, and the wifi was there but nowhere near working. Slower than slow. I found out that Sky Harbor consistently has this problem.  I know, you get what you pay for (free), but I'm sure the airport has enough cash reserved to give people a decent connection.
For a major metropolitan city this airport is small. . . I had two layovers here and it's just blah. There's nothing to do. I agree with some of the other yelpers, I'm no design guru or do I care about the looks of a place, but is just drab. . . Free WIFI though!
Was recently on a long lay over at Sky Harbor and have no compaints.. . The airport was VERY busy on the day I was there which was okay because all the people watching helped the time go by. When not people watching there are many food options and free wi-fi.. . Good airport but there does not seem to be alot to look at in Phoenix. Nothing to really look at out the airport windows or even from the airplane.
nice airport, very clean, lots to offer the traveler
For some reason.  I'm here when I'm delayed a lot.  I'm really grateful they opened that Paradise Cafe.  A decent coffee or (insert your own) comfort food makes all the difference. =)
In the age old debate of length v. girth, Sky Harbor is clearly a proponent of length. I swear this airport is three miles long. And if you have a connection... well, good luck running across the entire airport from people mover to people mover. It's one long, long, long, long, line of hallways and people movers. . . Over and over and over and over again. But... they've got free wifi! ...oh, that only works about 60% of the time. Well, it'll do. They do have clean-ish bathrooms and loads of options as far as airport eateries go. . . But if you take one thing away from this review, let it be this: Length isn't always the answer.
I have never had a problem here!  Luggage is always on time, it is not too sprawling.  Security caught me with my suscpicious toothpaste but hey they were just following the rules.  . . Security has improved here over the years, I have been through with shampoo and conditioner and never caught so I do appreciate the added safety measures.  Great job guys!
Summary based on several visits:. --barely ok, generic airport with. --usual crap security. --worse than usual baggage claim. --remote rental cars
PHX is fine - lots of better airports, lots of worse airports. The decor is ugly and dated, and it's way too spread out (Terminal 4 ALONE itself is way to spread out, and that's just one terminal), but everything (including the bathrooms) are always clean. The new car center is beautiful, but SO FAR away even by shuttle. This is not an airport you can cut it close. Food is hit or miss - they've got a Oaxaca and a Paradise Cafe, though, so it could be a lot worse. They try hard to be the "friendliest airport" with lots of roaming friendly volunteers anxious to provide you help as well as free wi-fi (which is spotty and weak).
Before, Phoenix was just a way station for me, a stop on the journey.  It doesn't have weather issues and is run pretty efficiently.  This time, I was here for a work trip and PHX did its job well.  No issues with the flights, but the TSA ignored my request for a pat-down instead of a body scan.  I should have insisted, but I didn't want to hold up my team.  Next time, I refuse to get irradiated - it's the old fashioned way for me.
There's nothing overly remarkable about the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport at all, they simply get the job done. . . Unlike SFO, they don't have many fancy dining options or nifty things to look at, they're just there to serve a singular purpose: to get you to your destination in a timely fashion. Can't hate on an institution that brushes off bells and whistles for a cut straight to the chase... so in the immortal words of Yelp's corresponding quip to a glorious three-star review, Sky Harbor, you're A-OK!
Several terminals at this very large airport.  You could have to walk a while to get to a connecting gate.. . Security line at the main terminal is usually very long, but not at the smaller terminals.  TSA is monumentally slow at terminal 2.
A plain airport, but in the middle of boulders I didn't expect much. . . Breakfast was $10 for one large taco and service with a smile. . . I noticed the areas in each terminal have a kid friendly section: cartoon channels, child size seating, and soft play areas. In all of my airport stops, I've never seen anything like that.
no air conditioning??
I'm not sure how I've gone this long without reviewing "America's Friendliest Airport," but I think it's finally time.  I've been traveling so much lately, that I'm way overdue in writing this review of Phoenix Sky Harbor. I admit, it's a tough one to write though... your experience relies 100% on the airline you're flying, what terminal you're at, and TSA / security.  Of course, it's always nicer when you fly first class or club member level, as you typically get to avoid major lines.. . Luckily, I live only about 20 minutes from Phoenix Sky Harbor aka PHX.  My favorite terminal is terminal four; it's the newest, easiest to drop-off / pick-up from, it has the most dining options, etc... . . I find the staff at the airport to be friendly overall.  It is easy to navigate through, and we've got clean restrooms and free wifi too (if you're lucky enough to get it to work for you); but there's nothing else that stands out about this airport to make it so unique.  (No really local businesses with a presence in the airport, no extraordinary food vendors, no rocking chairs, etc... and for that reason, I'm giving it a three star rating - A-OK indeed!   . . I'll see you again real soon, PHX.  So long for now.. . And for anyone counting, this was indeed my 1000th review - :)
Not horrible. Where are the maps of the airport?? I couldn't find a map of food joints ANYWHERE.
I'm not a super frequent flier, but I fly about half a dozen times a year. I don't hate Sky Harbor, but I don't love it either. . . I flew last in the beginning of April. The lines were manageable (I didn't check a bag), didn't wait more than 15 minutes though security. I'm amazed that people cannot follow directions or read signs (no, you cannot take your full bottle of shampoo/toothpaste/water though security), but that's not the airport's fault. . . But the airport was SO HOT. I always fly Southwest, so terminal four. But from the time I walked in till the time I flew out, everyone was fanning themselves. It was about 10 degrees hotter than it should be. And with all those bodies packed so close to each other (and not nearly enough seating), it was really uncomfortable. . . Also, the wifi sucks. Yes, it's free. But it barely reaches terminal four. I can usually connect to the wifi itself, but getting pages to fully load is rare. I'm not talking fancy stuff, but my email and Facebook always time out. . . Food options are ok outside of security, but I'm always afraid it will take too long to get through security, so I've never eaten at any of them. Once past security, your choices are limited. Burger King, Pizza Hut, Fox Sports, Starbucks.
I know this place intimately........good customer service from all the airlines, great fast check-in of luggage and the airlines are usually on time.  Food is mediocre though.  Baggage claim can be a bit of a wait though...usually 20-30 minutes.
Madhouse. I landed at 6 PM. (Early! I was excited! Unfortunately it did not last.) .  It took me 40 minutes to get from my gate at the Southwest terminal to the baggage area. Then it took another 15 minutes to get to the rental car shuttle stop. The shuttles are always there to pick you up, though, so this was a plus. Then another 15-20 minutes or so to get to the rental car building as it is located WAY outside of the airport. I did not leave the rental car complex until 7:40PM. . I will write another review upon my return to the airport. Hopefully it will go much better than my arrival.
Flying into the C Concourse of Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport is kind of like walking onto the set of a 70's porn flick. The walls are brown, the floor looks like it hasn't been cleaned in ages and there might just be a vibrating bed somewhere around.. . That being said about it's appearance, I've been at worse airports. With the weather ususally being so nice, delays are at a minimum. There will be a ton of walking, which is great for the glutes. If you already have rock hard glutes, you can aim towards the automated people movers to get your rock hard self around. Oh yeah, and there's free WIFI which only seemed to work about half the time. Seems about right for free.. . I don't have any problems flying into PHX, I just would rather find another place to spend my layover.
Being stuck here from 10:00 to 1:30, I got to wander around Terminal C a lot.  They have a lot of interesting displays throughout this terminal (old Flight Attendant uniforms, playing card packs, etc) and a few places to eat (Sbarro and Dick Clark's), but I agree with MacRae, the decor and building is definitely stuck in the 80's.. . The free wifi is ok but you have to go around the terminal a bit to catch a good signal. . . I did ask a few people for help on getting to the bus pick-up and they had no idea...but a taxi stand person knew where I had to go.. . Check in on the return home went quickly, though would have been faster if stupid people weren't in front of me. Thestaff were pretty good, though.
free wifi yess!. . airport is a little run down, or not as modern as what i'm use to ie sfo & barcelona.None the less its clean just a little 1970s looking. You have to take an airport shuttle to get to their light rail. Its free and comes frequently. Security is fast I spent 10 mins going through. Tons of seating especially at night, at least in the united airlines gates. thank goodness for non-stop flights from sfo to phx. Makes flying there so comfortable! Overall, a good visit and a easy one.
Although driving around the airport finding terminals or exits can be somewhat confusing, once on foot inside it's very straight forward and easy to get around.. . Security line wait was very reasonable and gates easy to find.  Food wasn't anything special.  Like all airports, food and bottled water is overpriced and fair in quality.  I never expect much from airport food so Sky Harbor is right on par.. . Short term garage parking is plentiful but a little pricey.  Overall a decent experience with no real complaints.
Wi-fi rarely works. Parking bus system is slow and frustrating. The terminals need a makeover.
who care's really what my opinion of an airport is?  'nough said.
First time to fly into Phoenix was this past weekend.  Renting a car always seems to be the difficult part, but Sky Harbor has a pretty good system.  There is only one shuttle to the main rental car complex (it's a small airport in-itself) so it's pretty easy to get to the terminals and back.. . I didn't get to spend much time in the terminal... I arrived in the morning and had to rush to get into a car and drive to get to my destination... and when I was departing, it was early morning for a 7am flight - (not the hour I am the most observant).. . I guess I was lucky... no delays and problems for my trip.  I guess it's bad that I remember my layover airport more than my destination airport.
This off airport facility includes all Rental Companies. Take the bus from the middle curb at arrival level. Expect a 10 minute ride. If you're not Hertz Gold expect to wait in line to get your car. Although the weekly rates are low, facility taxes and fees could add a $100 to your bill.
4 Stars for terminals 3 and 4, 1 star for terminal 2.. . One would think that United Airlines would tell Sky Harbor to update terminal 2 so their passengers don't feel like sardines packed into those tiny gates while waiting for their flight. What a disaster!. . I believe it was Thomas Friedman who said... "Asia's new airports look like they belong in The Jetsons while Sky Harbor Airport looks like it belongs in the Flintstones".
So, I guess I travel.. . I've been through enough airports to know about the good, the bad, and the ugly. Phoenix Sky Harbor is, well, it's fine, I guess. It gets you on a plane and into the air, which is really the point of the whole airport thing.. . Also... Phoenix Sky Harbor? I don't know how I feel about this name. Just a little offshoot for you, there. Think about it. Really. A sky harbor? It all sounds so nautical, and right in the middle of the desert. Also, it sounds like it's super fancy pants and I don't feel like it is.. . As another person pointed out, the "free wi-fi" is more a "free maybe you'll have internet for a minute and then it's not there anymore.". . That being said, it's pretty quick andit's pretty okay. There are not enough seats in the waiting area, either... but I don't mind. I like sitting on the floor. It's all grounding and whatnot.
depends on what terminal you're in. we were in one of the tiny terminals, so there's not much to do while waiting on your flight. . . can't complain too much though...anytime we're on a flight means vacation and that's ALWAYS happy times!
A quick update after my first business trip in more than 8 months:. . As a nursing mom, I now have more to worry about when going through security.  At 5am on a Friday (which is actually quite busy because of all the business travelers returning home to the East Coast).  TSA had to place each of my clear bags into the bomb-matter-detecting machine, but the agent was more than courteous, explaining the process and what would happen if the machine alarmed.  Luckily it didn't.  Even though I had over a dozen bags that had to be scanned, I was done in 5 minutes.. . There's not much in the Delta portion of Terminal 3, but Starbucks and Wendy's are usually open for breakfast, though the lines are quite long.. . Now that the construction is done, it's much easier to find the rental car shuttle.  And I was pleasantly surprised at how short the wait was at 12:30am, despite the multitude of people who'd arrived late like me.   The rental car shuttles always smell quite strongly of soapy air freshener, almost to the point of making me sick.  I guess that's better than smelling dirty, but it is quite overpowering. . . #Yelp365 - 169/365
A-ok.  Love that they have a Paradise Bakery Cafe though they did not carry my lemon sugar cookie.  . . Generally pretty quick & convenient though TSA lines are long & slower than many airports of the same size.  If you have different airlines for your connections you may have to go in & out of different terminals which also means visiting TSA again...dislike.. . Be warned they do not expect proper etiquette from pet owners.  Lady pulled out her pet parakeet and it was practically flying around & generally bothering people.  They informed there was no leash law & nothing they could do to make the pet owner & her pet behave with some decorum!
Yes, I'm doing a FOOD review of an airport. The airport is an airport like all others so it does what it should but nothing beyond that so a Food review is appropriate :). . Compared to other large airports the food options here suck. Would be nice to have some decent places: real deli, actual sit-down food... not the crap they serve from the same few kitchens and relabel.. . Looks at the Denver Airport, San Francisco, and many others that have good food, locally owned places, etc.. . Come on PHX mgmt... remove head from rear.
I've never had a tough time checking into Sky Harbor.  I do have trouble picking people up because I don't read the signs correctly :)  If my flights delayed I know that I can chill at one of the great bars they have in the Terminal 4.
Meh. I like many things about Sky Harbor, but I hate the WiFi; it's worse than pathetic.. . It's a very efficient operation, otherwise, and I have never had any issues with getting through the airport and to the gates on time.. . I love that they provide children's television programming, and small seating for the kids.. . But please, do something about the WiFi.
The only airport I've had a layover in that offers free WiFi, but of course I couldn't get it to work!
ummm one problem how the hell am I supposed to know there is a north and south side at baggage claim?!? That was an experience.  I'm so used to OAK; SFO; and LAX guess now that I moved here I better figure it out:)
I'm a fan of this airport however not a fan of the crappy terminal from which I had to depart.  American Airlines terminal really sucks for food and amenties, at least for the early morning flights. They have plenty of interesting choices prior to the security check, but once past, forget about it.  Speaking of security, really easy and efficient to get through.
This is the airport of my childhood, so it holds a special place in my heart. Being a child of divorce, I flew back and forth from PHX to California on a regular basis so I know Terminal 4 like the back of my hand. . . Other than my nostalgia however, this airport is just OK. In my travels there as an adult, I haven't had too many troubles with it. The security lines generally suck and it's a hike to get to your gate so hopefully you're not in a hurry. But there's apparently free wifi, so... there's that.
It's nothing amazing in terms of food and store selection. Two of the three terminals have next to nothing. If you have time to kill, it's not my favorite airport to be in. Having said that, it's easy to maneuver if you need to pick someone up or drop them off, and parking is pretty reasonable for the terminals if you have to park and meet someone.
I've been flying US Airways lately and so I've had to connect through Phoenix this past week and will have to again next week. Nothing special about this airport. At least the terminals for my connections are close by to each other. There is a decent selection of food here so on my short layovers I can grab a quick bite to eat. The one unique thing about this airport that I found was that their paging system utilizes the Droid Voice. I found it to be quite amusing when I first heard it.
Compared to SFO and OAK, this place feels tiny. I was only here to transfer planes but I was able to stop by one of the shops. Always, always always look at the monitors before you walk over to your gate. There's not much else to look at. Since this was my first impression of this airport, I'll keep it at an average rating. I'll be traveling more in the next 6 months so hopefully I come back through and get to review it fully.
Let's face it, flying somewhere is stressful. So when I get to an airport my evaluation will be mostly based on how efficiently do you get me to my flight. Wifi and food are supplementary to me cause I'm usually on red-eyes. That said PHX is 3 stars. Security seems understaffed and rental car station is pretty distant. If you have to return a car add 20 to 30 minutes to your time.
Not a big fan of this airport, to be honest. Luckily, since I hate US Airways and rarely fly Southwest anymore, I am rarely here anymore. That being said, occasionally I actually DO end up in Phoenix, so I'm certainly familiar with PHX.. . Connecting is fine, as long as you stay on the same airline. The airport can be large, but the airlines that you connect on (really just Southwest and US Airways) keep their operations pretty compacted so it's never very hard to connect. Once, I flew in on Southwest and my friends were flying in about 20 minutes later on US Airways. I had no problem wandering over and meeting them at their gate with time for a Starbucks stop along the way. Food choices are "meh"...overall appearance of the airport is "meh", but it gets the job done. One thing is that if connecting over the summer, and there are lines waiting for takeoff, it can get hot in the plane in that nasty Arizona summer sun. That stinks. . . As an origin/destination airport, it's not so great. It's fairly close to downtown which is nice, but that also results in some pretty heavy traffic on the highways at times, which can add a chunk of time to your comings and goings. The rental car facility is also more or less in Tucson and can take forever to get to/from. If you end up with that perfect storm of traffic + rental car drop off, give yourself LOTS and LOTS and LOTS of time! . . Seriously, the place gets the job done, but that doesn't mean I have to love it.
Used Phoenix Sky Harbor airport many, many times over the years and have never had a major issue.. . This airport is massive in size!! Luckily they have moving floors to expedite the process and they also have people driving small vehicles that work on tips only.  Don't think that because you are connecting planes your gates will be close.  It is worth paying a dollar or two tip to get the ride especially when you are in a hurry.. . This airport has more than one Starbucks location.  The Southwest terminal has a Starbucks right after security so depending on where you are flying out of it is possible to get your coffee fix after going through TSA.. . And free wifi!!  Sort of.  It doesn't work very well in certainparts of the airport.  There will be times when it appears though it has connected but it doesn't work.  At least you know you have the option if luck be on your side.
PHX makes me angry every time I have to go simply because of the crowds in Terminal 4.  I dig the food options, free wi-fi and speedy security lines; but once I make my way to the gate I'm always annoyed with the general lack of space/seating.
Sky Harbor can be nice or awful, depending on where exactly you are.  The terminals vary widely in amenities and food options offered, or so it's been my experience.  The airport is pretty well labeled and it's easy to figure out where you're going.  The doors are well labeled so if someone is picking you up at the curb, it's pretty easy to tell them where you're at.. . They've upgraded there rental car facility and it's pretty nice, even if it is off the airport kind of.  The airport itself is a bit frustrating to drive through since the signs for the freeways can be confusing.  As someone who lived in PHX for a number of years, I get annoyed by their freeway signs and always end up confusing myself.  . . Overall, it's an ok airport.  I've seen a lot better and a lot worse.  I find myself here often and would like some improvements - like some more options put inside certain terminals - but I'll survive without them.
This airport is laid out fairly well.. . However, 2 negatives make it an airport I try to avoid in business travel. The rental car location is too far away and poorly marked and my #1 beef: The TSA is slower here than any place other than Las Vegas. . . In a couple of years, there's supposed to be a light rail system linking Sky Harbor. A smart idea would be to locate rental cars along the light rail path. We'll see if this happens.
Going through security is a breeze here! I never had to worry about excruciatingly long lines through security. With that being said this airport is vintage, putting it nicely.. . Of course it's not a large scale airport but there need to be some renovations. And the airport has a strange odor or should I say a vintage odor to put it nicely. So overall it's an ok airport, nothing to brag about.
Lots of construction going on here. But the traffic is never heavy so its ok. they have decent places to grab food and have cool trinquet shops for souvenirs . I come here cause I don't think there is a choice.
It's a pretty airport. But it's pretty spread out. Maybe it's just the US Airways gates or something ... I don't like how both times I went through here on my connecting flights I had the walk of justice to get from one gate to another on the same airline, 1.5 hours apart. I don't even have that problem at ATL.. . Also - I can never hear when their employees speak over the loud speaker. It's supposed to be LOUD isn't it? I always stop and think, "are they talking to me?" You never know what they are saying.. . I haven't had a problem with any delays or cancellations or anything. I just don't like the layout.
small, plenty of escalators and elevators, security lines are short.
i have only been to this airport for layovers between New Orleans and San Jose. There are some positive aesthetic things going on here at the airport. It's definitely got it's intriguing points. . . But practicality-wise, not as great. I've had to run from one terminal to a few over to catch a flight for a layover. each "terminal" is really small, with about 12 gates each. So be prepared to run to catch your flight if need be.
Sky Harbor is a good airport.. You can get in and out quickly. Plenty of taxis available. The airport is really close to Phoenix and all Phoenix suburbs.. . The food options are great but go before security as the quality and quantity both go down after the scanner.. . You can go through security with an electronic boarding pass on your cell phone no need for printing.. . The new body scanners are used. TSA is still figuring out how to optimize the flow of passengers as they use the old and new scanners in parallel.. TSA picks randomly who will go through the new scanner. The bottom line is that you could by-pass the new scanner and jump in front of the people waiting in the new scanner. However you still have to wait for your luggage to go through X-rays. no time saving.. . The smell around gates B9-14 was terrible and it was early in the morning.
I travel through here about twice a year and I find that it is usually a very quick check in and exit.  The hotels I stay at offer complimentary shuttle service that is usually able to pick you up in under 15 minutes and take you back for your departing flight.  The eating and drinking venues available in the concourse areas leave a lot to be desired but are better than some other airports I've been through.
Indeed, internet is free at this airport. I flew US Airways today and this place was really packed, so packed that there was not really anywhere to sit. Food choices within the US Airways terminal was lackluster and so was everything in general. It looks like this terminal needs a makeover, pronto!
Make sure you leave AMPLE time to get to and from the airport. The rental car facility is literally miles from the actual airport. One of the furthest I've been to.
For layovers this is a decent airport, but if you're staying in the Phoenix area, well that's a different story.  . . I was in town for a family reunion and a 50th wedding anniversary.  I prepaid for a car rental at Budget.  Getting out of the gate and through baggage was easy enough.  But getting to the car rental area was a different story.  All of the rental businesses are located in one building about 3 miles from the airport.. . Shuttles run every few minutes but may be packed by the time it gets to your terminal.  I traveled with 10 relatives so we basically took over the entire shuttle.. . Coming back to the airport was a big hassle.  Luckily we arrived 2 hours before our flight.  We barely made our gate on time.  The reason for the delay was the ridiculously long line at Security Checkpoint C.  Our wait was intense and you could see frustration on nearly every passenger's face.  30 minutes is a long time to to be stuck in a line.. . No one seemed to care about the line though, so I'm assuming that it was business as usual.  If you're staying in the Phoenix area make sure you give yourself at least 30 minutes to get through the security checkpoint.. . Or you'll miss your flight...
Hey, at least this airport gives out free Wi-Fi. This place can be be confusing for a very small airport. To get from one terminal to the next will require some sort of calculus to find the area under the curve.. . They do have free shuttles to the car rental spots. And the car rental terminal looks like an airport by itself. Looks super modern and everything.
Love the free wi-fi and the fly by lanes in terminal 4.. I'll probably bump up my review once all the new food choices get in!
Phoenix Sky Harbor is fine inside as far as airports go. Crappy, overpriced food options, the Hudson News, outdated carpeting...The usual. Apparently there are good restaurants in some terminals, but I've never seen them. I have typically traveled at off peak times of day, so my time going through security isn't too bad. I've yet to get patted down or searched, so it's been OK from that standpoint. . . My big beef with Sky Harbor is the drop off/pick up situation...It's a complete cluster. It's giant, and quite confusing. If you're new to the area and need to get to the airport and pick someone up, good luck. . . It's right in the middle of the city so it's convenient to get to, but not convenient at all to navigate. If I'm ever lucky enough to fly into or out of a terminal with the great food I keep hearing about, maybe I'll update my review.
This is a better than average airport. Beware of the wacky rental car setup as you will need an additional 45 minutes to take a bus to get a car. Definitely not optimal, but the airport itself is nice. The ridiculously short security line literally saved my night as I almost missed the last flight of the night. The crappy notification of what terminal is what drop off from the rental car shuttle was very much an issue.
This airport is huge!  Just getting out of this airport is unbearable, but I will say this, getting through security to get to your gate is pretty quick!
Phoenix Sky Harbor is well dominated by US Airways as their main hub in the west. I wasn't here flying US, instead I was on a rather inexpensive United Airlines itinerary. As such, we were relegated to the much smaller Terminal 2. I didn't see much of it as I arrived, busy looking for the way to the rental cars. For the return, I was out of Gate C, which is a warehouse style that serves multiple flights. I was also very late so all I saw was that stuff was mostly closed as I tried rushing through security.. . On the subject of security, Terminal 2 has the backscatter machines and I'm not interested in receiving any more radiation than I already do. My TSO (Transportation Security Officer) was friendly enough as he patted me down and violated my rights.. . PHX does not have the rental car vendors attached to the terminal. Instead, you get to take a ten minute shuttle bus ride to the rental car pavilion where they are all represented. It's well off airport, so don't let them lead you into thinking it's close. When you're late for your flight, you really don't want to have to wait FIFTEEN MINUTES for a Terminal 2 shuttle bus while three Terminal 4 buses come and go. Then it's ten minutes to the terminal. This is convenience? I don't think so.. . There are alternatives - if you want zero customer service, you can try flying Spirit into the nearby Phoenix-Mesa airport.
It is a nice large airport with many amenities while waiting for your flight or to pick someone up
It's an airport.  How do you review an airport?  Do I give them 4 stars? 5?  3?  I don't know, so since I didn't walk out of that airport commenting on it's sheer beauty, I'll give it a 3.  McCarron in Vegas, I'll give a 4.  So there's your comparison.  Honolulu International, I'll give a 3 as well.  . . Directional signage: pretty basic and coming from someone who has pretty good sense of direction, I'm not saying "wow, I'm so blown away by this airport's signage that I don't have to use my internal gsp system".  I mean, there are signs, you follow the signs, sometimes you forget to look at the signs, and you get lost.  So, look at the signs and follow them.. . Shops/Restaurants: they are there.  It's an airport for Pete's sake.  Eat before or after if you don't want to pay an arm and a leg for airport food.. . Our bags came quick, but I'll attribute that to the fact that it was an empty flight, and Southwest may just have really good bag handlers.
I had a two hour layover in this airport so I had some time to explore.  I would have to say this isn't the best airport in the world, but it is not the worst.  It is definitely better than having to wait in the Vegas airport.  . . The food choices are pretty meager in this place.  Nothing really stood out.  Wendys, Pizza Hut, TBCY, Starbucks and a couple of sit down places were what really stood out.  The bathrooms were at least clean though.
I have spent many an hour at this airport and it is a decent airport.  Spent most of my time in Terminal 4, so that's the only one I feel comfortable reviewing.  Easy to get around, moving sidewalks, mostly enough seating, except at the end of the terminal where four gates are all together, then it's just a big clusterf___.  . . Crappy food though.  Nothing at all spectacular and some things are horrible.  Hope to be back soon, we love to travel.
Review based only on a short layover but here we go. I'm only here for about an hour but this section of the airport seems old and could use some renovation. On the plus side there is a decent looking mexican restaurant/tequila bar across from my gate and I'd check it out if I had more time. The negative aspect to that I'm not too certain I want some guy next to me on the plane to have just gorged on a giant Mexican lunch. There is also a TCBY, Cinnabon, California Pizza Kitchen, and a fast food burrito place so they have decent food options. . . The free Wi-FI is always a good thing and also, there is a guy at my gate sporting one of the greatest mullets I have ever seen.
Decent airport and they have Carvel!
I am actually here way too much at the beginning and middle part of the year. Always off to somewhere. I don't really have too many complaints except that it always smells funny, like they need some glade air fresheners or something. Security lines can be hit or miss depending on what time you go but for the most part, it is a pretty decent airport. I mean the best part, besides getting to your destination is the people watching. I swear the things I have seen and heard could make for a funny sitcom or book someday.. hmmmm...
Pretty decent airport.  Not too crowded.  Service was just ok
While not an airport atrocity, it's too sprawling for me. With how rarely we fly into Phoenix though, not a big deal. . . Well. It's big, but not a big deal. It's fine.
Average airport. . . I wish gate Marques listed which zone was boarding. There were three airplanes loading at the same time and it was near impossible to tell which gate was loading which zone. We just waited a few minutes and rolled the dice that our zone was loading.
hey it is what it is right... Point A to Point B
Confusing terminals.
This airport really doesn't have a lot of food options. T_T butttt I love all the moving walkways!!
changed planes here on my way home from New Orleans. This airport was clean and seemed new. There was a Nathan's in my terminal so I got a delicious wiener before boarding. A pretty decent airport, much better than either Denver, Saint Louis or Philadelphia!
I can't say too much about this airport, but I know their restrooms are clean! That is a huge plus for me.. . Bad thing is the terminal I was in had a poor variety of food. :(
Its an Airport...what else can you say. Its layout is fine, as long as you do not have to change terminals. The off property Rental Car Center is a bit of a poke. Leave an extra 30 min in your plans for getting to/ from there.
I like this airport! Security is always easy to get through. The car rental shuttles don't require you to wait a long long time. And there are a lot of different shops and food places to wander to when you're waiting for a delayed flight. . . One thing I don't like, there are outlets that trick you, and don't work. I've found at least 3 around that airport that 1. connect to nothing or 2. just have no electricity running through. . . Minus that setback,it's clean and never too crowded!
I think Sky Harbor is one of the easiest airports to navigate. I like that they're making improvements to the building and expanding to include the rail system that will bring you directly to the airport terminal you need. . . I like that they are going to include new, local restaurants to choose from. (Let's get it started already!). . I do wish they would update their restrooms. Though the bathrooms are regularly attended, they still seem dated and old. . . Once all the expansion and renovation is done, I'm sure I will be able to bump them up to  at least a 4 star review.
I flew in from Baltimore MD and the flight arrived two hours early, which was a very cool way to wake up from a airplane seat coma. There was nothing that really jumped out and made me want to spend hours here or anything that left an impression that was "wow' At the same time, there was nothing bad about it aside from some lack of signage concerning the basics. All in all walk in, check in, sit, relax, takeoff (you hoser) and arrive someplace not as sunny.. . . . "The Good". - The fact that the Phoenix Airport logo is the same as the Rebel alliance from Star Wars... at least it did when a sleepy eyed Scotch-Irishman stumbled off of a place after just waking up.. - A Starbucks located in what seemed like every terminal and the main hub. A smart marketing strategy.. - Fairly wide aisles. There are some airports that even if you have twenty feet to either side someone will find a way to walk in front of you and stop in your path... here you do not really have to worry about that.. . . "The Meh". - Nothing really meh to comment on.. . . "The Bad". - The baggage claim area was a little confusing. I like signs and not having to ask where things are when they should be pretty clear.
I mean...What can you say about an airport.  It was clean, everyone seemed respectful and nice.  Customs was quick and easy.  . . This was our layover on the way home from Mexico.  We were able to go through the entire gammet of airport fun.  . . Security was easy peasy.  Sometimes TSA is pretty grumpy but we saw lots of smiles and small talk.  . . The terminal would run from heavy traffic to bare bones. When we arrived there must have been 30 people waiting at every restaurant and fast food joint.  Within an hour there was no one.   . . Fun for people watching and you can recharge your portables while you wait.
AKA - PHX Sky Harbor International Airport. The airport is the primary regional hub and gateway for Mexican and Hawaiian departures for Tempe-based US Airways and is the third-largest focus city for Southwest Airlines. US Airways and Southwest are the airport's two largest carriers.
Alright airport. It is very clean. There were no long security lines. There is also Free Wifi which is always a plus because there is nothing to do at airports. Also, its not too crowded.
Average airport.. . Checking in and security were easy to get through with ample space unlike some airports where you can't move without stepping over someone or feel like lining up in the center of the terminal.. . There's not that much to do at this airport and food options were very limited.. There weren't really enough seats for everyone to sit but then it's better than some other airports I've been to.. . Middle of the road rank wise for US airports.
As far as airports go, like everything else in life, there is the good...the bad...and everything in between.  And that's where I think PHX falls...in between.. . Now, let's start with making connections between terminals, even with airlines who are partners.  There is no tram, so you have to take a bus.  Always make sure you have plenty of time to go between terminals.. . As for the terminals themselves...they definitely are in need of an update.  The carpeting, the doorways, the layouts...a bit dated.  . . This airport just reminders of a smaller scale airport that grew too fast too soon.  And for a major hub, it definitely needs to be looked at.. . On the other hand, the airport personnel (not airline personnel) are very nice.  That's what they have to make up for the facility itself!
I fly a bunch and I can't help but have a soft spot in my heart for Sky Harbor because I'm from here. . . I also like that they have mini gallery shows inside the airport, the Art History BA in me loves that.  That adds to the soft spot.. . Other than that soft spot, I hate it... . . ::Sigh::. . At least they've fixed the security times.
A litTle confusing when you check in in your mobile! The airport itself quite clean. Really like the layout. Traffic just flows thru there without a hitch.
Great consolidated rental car garage...it it weren't for that, I'd rate this airport with only two stars for the same reasons every other 2-star reviewer has provided.
Eh I have mixed feelings about this place. It is a really big airport so takes awhile to get around. The food options get it done but much of them are outside security so if you have time look around those first. The lines here can be bad so plan ahead. I will say I was able to check a bag and get to my gate 30 minutes before takeoff thanks to having access to the flyby security line. The rental car buses come kinda frequently but plan on 20 mins to/from get to the rental car facility from the airport.
Large airport. No airtrain (it is currently under construction). Had a 4 hour layover and  just cruised around the 'port on the conveyor belt walkways to waste time. . . Not the best choice in vegetarian food in any of the shops that I noticed...
I came through this airport for a surprise birthday trip so maybe I'm giving this review through rose colored lenses but I was satisfied. The inside is a bit outdated but there appeared to be plenty of food options and it only took my best friend and I about twenty minutes to get through security. When we arrived, we easily found a bus to the rental car facility and on our way back the same was true. Everything appeared to be running efficiently and I didn't mind our three hour wait to get on our standby flight. They also have a free Wi-Fi here which is a huge plus since a lot of bigger and more popular airports don't. Some of the food options were outside of security so plan ahead if something really catches your eye because you won't be able tobring your drink through.
This many moving walkways means you're place is too big!. . Overbearing to say the least. So many gates...so far apart. Thank goodness I didn't had to catch a connecting flight this time. Last  time I was sweating by the time I made it to my other gate.. . So many options, so little time. You can get any type of food or beverage here. Tons of well known, chain places and some specialty foods as well.. . Love the diversity, but I just don't spend enough time here to enjoy it. I bet you could get real lost in all the fun things to do during a layover...lets hope I never have to experience this!. . Using a moving walkway is fun, until its like your fifth one in a row...
I don't know why this place is called "sky harbor." I imagine a high rise airport for space ships. It's alright. Not bad, not extraordinary. Lot's of walkways. If you have a connecting flight, move faster!
HUGE airport. . . Not as modern or clean as LAX or SNA, but good nonetheless. Lots of little gift shops inside for tourists to buy knick knacks but my suggestion would be to pass through security first because the stores on the "inside" have better stock. Has all the essentials, large cleanish restrooms, coffee shops and places to eat. Shuttle service offered for those who are renting cars or going to local hotels, that was very quick and efficient. I was satisfied.
Nice airport, nothing stuck out to me though.
Great place, well maintained. It's big airport with some long walks.
Nice place...Need more restaurants..! Pretty huge airport...so long walks..!
typical airport, moody security and the boarding areas are pretty small
As many times as I have come through here, I don't have much to say.  Maybe that's a good thing.  It's not the kind of airport you enjoy navigating within.  You just kind of want to get out and on your way.  The rental situation has been a sore spot for me, with lackluster experiences every time.  Once you're in the car and on your way, however, I will say it's relatively easy to access getting to the city or on the highway out.
PHX is a pretty nice airport, but it's just so drab and sad-feeling. The color scheme is dark and brown and reddish-brown. Doesn't ever get me too excited to be in Phoenix. There's nothing special about this airport and it just gets its job done. I can say that it's pretty spacious and there's plenty of parking. They have cell phone lots, which are really convenient for picking people up from the airport. The roads are a little convoluted, though -- if you find yourself on the wrong side of the terminal, or if you miss an exit, you'll have to loop around forever to get back where you want to go. Other than that, though, the service and security check here is super quick -- I can generally get here and hour before my flight and be a-okay.
Good airport ...baggage claim is fast and security isn't difficult
Ok place to fly into for a short connection. It's a major hub, with a ton of people flying in and out and not a whole lot of room to put them. As a result, waiting areas were overflowing and lines at all the restaurants were out the doors. Plus, my plane was on time and the view from the airport is pretty nice!. . Second time around was a little different. Got to experience the non-security portion and was actually able to select from a few different eating places to eat with someone that was not flying out. That was nice. The spiraly car ramps were crazy to drive up when it came to parking. Only downside is security. One huge line that winds around and around rather than being broken up into different sections. Made the wait feel like forever...and it's really stuffy feeling. Also, security here is mega over the top when it comes to carry on. They made me take tons of stuff out of my bag because they couldn't tell what it was, almost had my empty water bottle confiscated, guy was nice enough to take it out of security and dump out the few droplets of water remaining without making stand back in line again, which was nice.
Terminal 3 is great; friendly staff and quick check in process.
The parking, as in all airports is horrendous, getting out of the airport sucks BUT its definitely one of the cleaner, friendliest and appealing to the eye airports I've been too.. It's absolutely, HUGE, it has awesome art and photography on display almost every where and all of the time. . Delays? Pfft! This is Arizona! Lol
I fly through here a couple of times a year.  On my return flight, I always have a fairly long layover of 4 to 6 hours.  Flights have generally always been good.  The general terminal area is pretty comfortable for spending time in.  A lot of interesting shops to check out.  Plus, the location is convenient if you have time to spend running around town - Phoenix or Tempe...some neat places to visit.. . I must say, this airport has to have THE LAZIEST maintenance workers.  I have never seen so many slackers loafing around, sitting on their buts in different parts of the airport, sitting on their carts, or driving each other around.  And the place is DIRTY - it's not like there isn't work for them to do.  Especially in this economy....wow.. . Security has always been good for me, lines move pretty quick, TSA people are friendly.  no complaints there.. . They could really do for replacements of all the obviously fake plants in the waiting area - those have to be some of the tackiest planters I have ever seen...
Being one of those business travelers that have seen my fair share of airports I would say this one is really not bad. I felt like things moved quickly and I really liked the new Rental Car Center. . . It seems that this airport is prime for an overhaul however based on the volumes of people travel ling through here. I was in Terminal 3 and found the restaurant selection to be so-so and the security area was definitely in need of an upgrade. . . Overall good.
Top of the "meh" list for business travelers.. There are about 1 electrical port for every 100 people so plan according. Phoenix is a great town and this place moves a lot of people.
Not the worst airport but certainly not the best.. . The biggest issue with this place is the layout. The terminals are difficult to navigate between and the airport just has a dated feel to it. The biggest plus is that it has plenty of seating and power plugs so waiting around is easy.. . I'm not sure when they redid the rental car center as I hadn't been through here in a couple years, buts it's way nicer than the old one. I also like that the staff are very good on the shuttles unlike most airports where they barely are willing to answer questions let alone load and unload bags.
One hour layover at the southwest Terminals. That area was clean and easy to move around in. Only one crappy Burger King though.
As far as airports go, PHX is pretty good. My family and I fly out of PHX 3ish times a year to visit family and take vacations. . . The lines always seem to be decently long, however, they always seem to move at a quick pace. Since we travel with our two children we appreciate that everything seems to always run quite smoothly. . . The food choices are what seems to be lacking the most at PHX as there isn't much offered that isn't crappy fast food at "sky high" prices or basic "never heard of before" eateries. It would be nice and very welcomed change to see some quality "foodie" type places added to their line up. . . There are better and worse airports to have to go through, PHX seems to be in the middle.
Put your walking shoes on!  Especially, if you do not check the monitor and they change your gate on you!  I feel they could use more monitors.  They do have the moving walkways to assist....I swear we went on 15 of them to get to our gate.  A little crazy, a lot tiring.  We were just here for two layovers.  We were in terminal four.  There are a lot of dining options from CPK to Focaccia Fiorentina.  I wanted to grab a sandwich since I was not arriving at DTW until 130am.  Glad I did.  The Classico was super good!!!!
This ia a nice big airport with lots of restaurants! There's a lot of shops to choose from too! I like that it's spacey! It's very easy to navigate and they have those rolling walk ways which speeds you up to get to your gate! Great airport!
This is usually the starting point for any. journey I take that's more than a day's drive. so I'm pretty used to this airport. Convenient.. I like that they have a economy parking lot on. the east side and that you can take a shuttle. to your terminal. I prefer that to dealing with. Super Shuttle stopping all over town before they. finally get you home. Also they have decent shops. where you can get Arizona souvenirs in case you. didn't have time or just remembered at the very . last moment. Food prices though are pretty damn. outrageous. Arrive having eaten. The TSA deal. is now usually very smooth and fast. And most of. the time you don't even go through the pervscan. anyway. Come early if you're going through US Airways. though. Those are the most cramped terminals where. you won't even find a seat in the waiting area if. the flight is full. And the bathrooms are decent. too. Enough stalls so that you usually never have. to wait in line even if a flight from some 3rd world. country just came in and everybody on the flight had . food poisoning.
Relatively small airport with a regional feel. Kind of limited on food options but not too bad. Taxi line can be brutal in the summer heat so keep that in mind...
Very mediocre airport when it comes to food & frills. Security lines can be dreadful when only 1 line is open, but at least everyone working has been pleasant. I will say that I appreciate that it's always been clean when I've traveled through!
The airport here is a major layover spot for those flying somewhere on the East Coast to California. I know I was here for a while while trying to get to Baltimore.. . Overall, it is a neat airport -- some food places near terminals, but not too many options as they are mainly "fast food" types. The workers at Nathan's Hot Dogs were actually really nice and gave me a complimentary dog for having been there so long. (:. . The Southwest staff here are not the most helpful when it comes to layovers, but they try. It can be really crowded too, as you wait. I do not recall any complimentary Wi-Fi in the airport. There is not much of a view from the airport either.. . As most people said, the restrooms can be really gross. I think it is from the lack of care by other passengers who have their layovers here, as well. Not the worst airport I have been to, but could be better.
The Good: Free wi-fi, fairly easy to get around (Terminal 4), Decent dining options (Terminals 3 and 4). The Bad: Parking in their garage can cost you dearly, relocation of offsite parking shuttles, terminal 3's somewhat confusing layout, Terminal 2. . Being a person who frequents this airport, I can tell you it is not Incheon nor Dubai.  However, it is a decent sized facility that can accommodate larger aircraft.  Many of the gates now have newer jetways to accommodate the larger A321s and could easily accommodate the A330s/340s.. . Food options are decent, even though scarce in some terminals.  However, that is changing.  They are building restaurants such as McDonald's and adding new ones such as Starbucks.  Even baggage claim has a Starbucks.  . . The above is mostly about Terminal 4 but Terminal 3 has good food options but the terminal is very dated.  Has a fairly confusing layout to the unfamiliar.. . Terminal 2 is even more dated.  Shame that United and other carriers use this terminal when spaces are available at 3.. . One of the biggest problems I have with the airport is how the off-site parking shuttles are positioned.  The best way to describe the area is chaotically dangerous.  It is literally at the end of the airport where traffic at different points merges and in front of the corporate cars.  Just imagine a parking or hotel shuttle trying to get in and a corporate car trying to get out with traffic whizzing past between 35-50 mph.  Herding cats would be more orderly.
I must say I have experienced better, but this place isn't exactly a 2-star airport... especially since I'm most recently comparing this to San Jose's state of the art hot shot new airport wing.  . . Bathrooms were moderately clean, could've been better.  Airport seems kind of musty and old and there aren't that many outlets available in the waiting areas.  A few near key points, but not enough in my opinion.  Nice selection of food available, ate at Paradise Bakery and saw a small Chili's inside plus other stuff.  . . Used the airport shuttle to get to the car rental place and that was pretty easy to figure out.  There seems to be a lot of bus shuttles going through so we didn't have to wait long at all.
I don't know why it is that all these airports have such a major lack of seating.  The staff here are friendly, and security is quick, but I just wish they'd work on the gate areas and add more seats.  Need an example?  Sacramento International's new terminal.
hmmm...looks like Phoenix has made some changes since the last time I've came through!. . Their staff is ALOT friendlier than the staff I've encountered a year or two ago. The change of attitude in the staff made a huge difference.. . I don't know if this was always there before, but southwest airlines has a little tv area, (complete with a table and seats) made specifically for kids to watch cartoons and eat. This kept the midget well preoccupied during the 3 hour layover! . . They are also working on a new tram that will help passengers with getting around terminals. . . I feel more comfortable in this updated Phoenix airport and I like the direction they are headed to. Keep up the good progress Phoenix!
Cool, clean, good selection of eateries when waiting for your flight.  First time here and a good first impression.
Nice shops and restaurants.  User-friendly terminal.
As the plane touched down on the oily black tarmac, I glanced out the window. . . Through the sweltering Phoenix heat, I could see people driving in their vehicles, mindless to those that were landing in their magical city.  I was one of those people, looking for magic..   . My time in Phoenix only amounted to a walk from Terminal B to Terminal C to catch a flight that had not allowed for a decent layover.  In my ten minute journey, I was able to enjoy all of Phoenix's finest smells and airport workers.  . . While I was briskly ushered through the concourse by the moving sidewalk, I thought that I saw an angel descend upon the desert city.  I was wrong, it was just another plane touching down.
My review of the Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport is not as entertaining since I arrived late night and left on the first flight out Monday morning.  When I arrived everything was closed, which was fine - because I came to see the city and not the airport. . . When we walked out it seemed like you were walking intoan overly heated room, about 90 degrees. The shuttles to the rental car facility were right there as you walked out the door. . . My only complaint is that when I flew out that morning and arrived at the airport at 5am, the only stores open were Cinnabon and Nathan's Hotdog and it smelled like one big Cinnamon Hot Dog. Killed my appetite until lunch later that day.
can get to by using the light rail and free wifi, it's okay but this is the best in phx!
Having been through PHX several times on my way to my favorite spa in Scottsdale, I generally have a good feeling when I arrive (vacation yay!) and not great when I have to leave (back to reality- boo!).  But that's not the airport's fault.... . This airport is pretty easy to navigate- shuttles to a fancy schmancy off-site rental car center are readily available and convenient, though signs are not as prevalent as they could be.  People mover walkways are prevalent in the long walkways connecting areas of the airport.  Since Arizona is very hot, strong air conditioning is important so I notice that it's pretty good, since I feel comfy until the hair dryer-like blast I receive when I walk out the electronic doors to get to the shuttle.  The airport is a little old and dated; gates are not as spacious as they could be for the amount of passengers for each flight, and bathrooms are cramped and have limited space for everyone's rolling bags.  And I cannot find Coke brand beverages (especially Dasani) after security to save my life, or scorched throat.  Gimme some options PHX!
Welcome to the 80's! Holy cow, I don't mind the outdated decor but the limited seating and small bathrooms got to me. Thankfully I had a late night flight and there was hardly anyone in the airport. Although it was frustrating that everything was getting ready to close when I landed, so I had to rush to get something to eat. There were charging stations all over the airport but it would have been nice if the charging stations were closer to the seats themselves instead of in the middle of the walkway. The gift shop is amazing though. They had great stuff to choose from. Overpriced of course, which doesn't surprise me but I loved the fact that everything was different from every other airport I've been too.. . If I had a choice, I wouldn't fly through here again unless I had too.
I like the free wifi.  Bonus points there.. . They've got a great system based on numbers and colors on the doors so if someone is picking you up in a car it's easy to tell them "Hey, I'm standing next to the blue 4 door 26.  However, if you're like me, the last time I was picked up at this airport by my little brother who lives in Phoenix we discovered that there is a 4 South and a 4 North...  That is, we EVENTUALLY figured it out.  Well, isn't that special.. . You DO NOT want to change airlines in Phoenix.  Not only do you have to leave the terminal and find an airport shuttle to take you to the other terminal (where you have to reprocess through TSA hell) but the airline didn't instruct me on how to do this.  I went running down to the other end of the terminal trying to find the right gate only to be told I had to leave the terminal to take the tram/shuttle.  Just TRY finding the right door to leaveand catch the right tram.  It was an adventure, I tell you.  TSA check point was so backed up I'd have never have made my connecting flight.  Thank goodness that flight was running late and the airline rebooked me on another flight or  I'd have been SOL.. . Not my favorite airport ever - Denver has way better food options, for example - but it gets the job done.  And so can I on the free wifi.
Kind of sucks that we had tolayover here, but it is what it is. Just a layover. I did notice they have a cell phone waiting lot which is nice and I wish more airports had them when waiting for rides.. . Surprised at how large the airport is or seems to be. There are plenty of long walk ways to the gates or a ride on the people movers if feeling too lazy to foot it. Or a ride on the pallett jacks with benches seems to be a popular mode of transport.. . Big plus is the free wi-fi. Other people seem to not have much luck with a connection, but mine seems just fine.. . Not a ton of food options at all. CPK to go, Pizza Hut, Cinnabon. Typical mall food.. . Bathrooms are kind of blech.... . I think the carpet with the little airplanes could use a cleaning. At least in C12. It smelled funny. . . Waiting areas by the gates don't have a ton of seating.
This airport is huge. So big that I would never want to transfer flights here with different airlines because I don't know if I would make it in time. Big plus that there is free wifi and decent food options
The amount of space this airport takes up is huge. Way to big, the walk to your gate is forever. If your making a connection its even worse.
Just A-OK, long walkway between terminals.
Nice airport but doesn't offer many eateries in their terminals. Many of their escalators were down due to maintenance issues and that didn't help their cause but it easy to get to.  Good thing I wasn't there long or I probably would have given them a 2 star rating.
I like phoenix its clean and classy.  I dont really have much bad to day...but nothing stands out.
Decent airport with a limited variety of food choices and a strange layout. It feels a little outdated but I was only at the airport for a quick layover.
Recently visited Phoenix only via a layover at this airport.  Having just been on a plane for over three hours, I was in need of some grub and a little disappointed in the limited selection available to me in concourse D.  I did end up getting a 'grab-and-go' breakfast burrito from the sole restaurant, but it actually took a really long time considering that many people are in quite a rush at the airport.  Looks like they're building some new things though, so hopefully that will help.  Seats in the waiting area were plentiful and comfortable, and they even had a kids table with cartoons playing nearby.
Very trashy, well maybe just the people. The facility indeed was pleasant. The place is quite quant, but comperable to the amount of traffic that goes through their airport.
I've had a number bad experiences through Sky Harbor but mainly due to the airlines and delayed flights causing missed connections at Sky Harbor.  The airport itself is decent.  The biggest thing I believe to pay attention to is what terminal you come into and have to leave out of if you are coming through in a layover.  The distance between the terminals is pretty long if you're in a rush.  If your originating or finishing at PHX then everything seems to go pretty smooth.  I do like the Blue Burrito for food and the renovations over the last several years have helped.. . Another thing to note is the distance of the rental car center facility from the airport terminals.  Make sure you add an additional 30 minutes for car pick up and 30 minutes for return on departure.
Standard airport. Nothing to write home about. . Thank you for getting me (and my bags) from point A to point B! Nice work!
What I liked about this place was that it looks like you have landed on Mars. Just check out some of the rock formations outside. What I do not like about this place is that it is in Arizona. Enough said.
For being such a big hub they really don't have any restaurants or bars but I do see they are expanding which is a good thing. Security isn't that bad here so you can be in and out in no time especially in the evenings. Overall its a decent airport compared to others.
Free WiFi! Spread far out, but I guess if you have one thing in Arizona, it's space
You know when you think this is the first time you have been somewhere, but it turns out, it isn't... this is that story.  I was here in 2009, under sad circumstances so that could be why I don't remember the airport.  I remember my cousin picking me up outside, but that's about it.. . So this time I was just changing planes San Diego to Milwaukee via Phoenix on US Airways.  Actually if you looked at the tail of our plane, it was a former America West plane that they must have not painted yet.  If you are changing planes, make sure you give yourself enough time to get from terminal to terminal because the walk is looooong.  Unlike other airports that have shuttles and trams, Phoenix does not, but they do have lots and lots of moving walkways.. . As someone else mentioned, it does feel a little dated... brown leather seats, maroon/brown carpeting... I understand the Southwest theme, but it could use an update.  There seems to be a lack of seating in some areas... my gate was clustered with three other gates at the end of the building and there were people sitting all over the floor, people standing while most of the seats around the gates were filled.  And in looking around, there was plenty of space to add more seating without getting in the way.. . Some areas in the terminal have more options for food and shops, so you may want to make a note of it or stop on the way to your gate.  On other areas, you may be more limited... there was an shop and a "cafe".  The cafe is where I had breakfast, but it wasn't that great... I should've just gone for a pastry, but their Dark French Roast Coffee was awesome and I'm so glad they have giant to-go cups.. . My flight was about 30 minutes delayed... it had to do with a delayed plane from Mexico and then customs had to clear the plane which added to the original delay.  Overall it wasn't a half bad experience.  With the way that AA is upsetting me, I could be passing through Phoenix more often.
A pleasant enough place to stop-over on my flight from Las Vegas back to Newark, NJ. It was clean and the security staff was polite.. . The food options seems varied, from cheap food to expensive, so there's a little something for everyone there.. . Can't say I left the terminal I was in, so I have not many details that I can include.
One of the Biggest Air Port But they need more Restaurants in different terminal. we had a 2 hr layover we walked almost the whole airport just to find something we wanted . Besides that it clean at least the areas we walked .
I want to get to where I'm going, but I think I hate airports!  Although I didn't have any issues, by the time we landed, and had to walk it seemed like 2 miles, take off our shoes, and go through all the crap again, it was time to get on the plane to LV.  I just got off 1 plan, why did I have to go through all that again!  Uggggggghhhhhhhhhhhhh!  lol
Did not like how they landed us at one end of the airport and gave us only 15 minutes to run through almost the entire place to make our connecting flight. I know that is not the airports fault but, I guess those moving walkways did help. They had a lot of food options there, and I did try Olive and Ivy, which had a really good breakfast muffin sandwich that had avocado in it. It seemed to be on the older side, but it was like any other airport to me!
Confusing airport.   Seriously confusing out of a lot of airports that I've been to.
otAz was a blast
I am a frequent flyer and connect thru Phoenix regularly.  This airport is quite large and you will spend a fair amount if time walking.  Security isn't to bad, restaurants in the main terminal are very good, but in the actual concourse where the gates are located, there are not many choices for food.  Paradise bakery is located in the main terminal and my personal favorite.
PHX airport is all about the airline you are flying on.  If you are on US Airways, expect modern, clean, bright and tons of amenities.  It is their main hub and headquarters after all.  If only the same could be said for their airplanes!  Flying any other airline, anticipate a terminal that forgot to expect passenger traffic.  Old, dingy and very sparse in terms of amenities.  Pretty soon, the Smithsonian will be calling to use the non-US Airways terminals as a history display.
yep yep it is a big azz airport!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
well...I would stay clear of Arizona if I could...but I have to go every now and then since my parents live there.... . so - the airport. it's clean...cool paging system.. . a little confusing for the elderly and lots of walking...even if you ask for a wheelchair, and they have staff and tons of wheelchairs, they'll take forever.. . dining options - not many.. . the baggage area smells like smoke...what the hell? it's not Vegas...
OK airport. Layout is fine - food choices vary across terminals; in mine, not great choices. Clean & bright. Conveniently located to suburbs around Phoenix. It works -
it smells. the is the biggest thing that stood out to me. We were traveling US Airways so we were in checked in at Gate B in Terminal 4. That whole security area smelled like dirty feet or dirty socks. gross. . The directory that was stationed in the center of Terminal 4, among the shops & restaurants, was incorrect. We checked in so early that we had time to go to to different gates to eat. We decided to stay at Gate B instead of Gate C because of a restaurant there but once we walked down there it didn't exist. Bummer. It worked out fine since the place we at at (Cowboy Ciao) was really good. . . Biggest plus was the easy access to FREE wifi. I've been to too many airports that don't have wifi or free wifi and this was a nice change to have it easily accessible.
Been to this airport a few times.  The Southwest Terminal is extremely nice.  Quick moving lines and tons tons tons of shops and restaurants.  On the other hand, recently flying out of the United Terminal.....Not so great.  Dated terminal.  Very few restaurants although they did have a decent bakery thus why I am not totally slamming it.  Luggage pick up at both terminals was very quick and getting to baggage claim was not too far.  Overall for a large airport pretty nice.
We travel from here several times a year and also pick up family and friends. This airport is rocking depending on what terminal. If your are flying or picking up someone from terminal 4 hour in luck. Lots of Starbucks, including a giant new one in baggage claim! And lots of new local restaurants and shops and lots of places to people watch!. . If you are flying out of terminal 3 well you get just one Starbucks, and a few food choices and not much people watching. Traveling from terminal to terminal is a pain because you have to catch a bus. Hopefully when the sky train is done it will be much better. . . Anyways I give terminal 4 . , four stars. Terminal 3, two stars...hence my 3 star overall.
Nice airport with a huge selection of restaurants. Its an airport so how comfortable can it be???
This airport is very easy to navigate.  We deplaned quickly upon arrival and were at baggage claim within 5-10 minutes.  I saw a lot of restaurants and food places as I was making my way to baggage claim so I thought that PHX had a lot to offer.  I was very wrong to make this assumption and I learned this on the night that I was scheduled to leave PHX.  . . Departing from PHX is not fun at all - because everything closes at 10:00pm (our flight was scheduled for 10:50pm) so we had absolutely nothing to do that would keep us entertained except for a bar.  Everything looked really dead and depressing at night. . . I really recommend keeping at least one 24-hour spot open so that guests who are waiting have something to do before they have to hop on their planes.
Not really impressed. Its essentially the same as the 1970s-esque Memphis airport. Its designed goofy, smells like old shoes, but redeems itself with some unique decor.
Airports are generally not fun places to go, but serve a purpose.  I have flown in to this airport multiple times, and have always had a good experience.  Clean, well kept.  Not as extensive shopping and dining as some airports, if that matters to you.  Staff have always been friendly, especially when a member of our party needed to be in a wheelchair.  WiFi is free and worked well for us.  Curbside check-in was efficient.  Nice experience, I don't dread returning here like I do with some major airports.
It's a typical airport. Nothing special.
Pretty cool decor. Rental car place was an absolute disaster. Wasn't hard to manuver around, get our luggage and get on our way. I don't have a whole lot to say about this place as they didn't offer much specificly. Most services were provided by outside companies, does anyone ever have anything nice to say about airport security? 3 stars seemed about right because it was clean and I didn't feel like I'd catch Hep-C from walking out to my car.
Decent airport. Not much selection in food, but the wi-fi is fast and the terminal is pretty wide which reduces congestion.
Not the greatest, not the worst. I can't even begin to imagine how many times I fly in/out of this airport every year. (More than I want to). The positive side is there are cell phone lots to wait in if your picking up an arrival instead of being harassed at curb parking or circling the airport wasting gas. Pre-security,  there are some good places to catch a bite to eat and some cute stores to browse. Beware,  after security this minimizes into hardly any restaurants and.the only stores youll find will be the typicall "news stand" ones with stale snacks and over priced.trinkets.  of course, each terminal has their differences but.for the most part they're fairly similar.  On the downside,  its hell trying to hunt down an outlet at the gates to charge your phone/ipads..etc! (And if your purchasing WiFi on your flight, we all know how crucial a juiced battery is). I hate the parking here as well, garage is 25.00 a day, uncovered is 5.00 a day which is in Timbuktu. Id say take a cab or car service to the airport always and don't leave a whole lot of spare time between check-in and departure seeing as this isnt LAX (no nail salons *dissapointment*) & airport has very little to browse.
This was my first trip to Phoenix thus, first experience with the airport.  While the parts I saw felt kind of tired and dingy, I did see off in the distance what looked to be a decent shopping area.  I just didn't have the time to go check it out.. . It was a looonnnngggg walk in between the gate I landed and where I picked up a taxi to Scottsdale (about a $25 ride).  From my experience coming and going, this didn't seem like a very busy airport though it could have just been the times of day.  There was virtually no wait to get through security on the way home.
The upside to this airport is that although it is huge, it is organized in a way that getting to your terminal is not too cumbersome. TSA seems to be reasonable here, which is a good thing. My biggest gripe with this airport is that baggage takes FOREVER to get to your carousel, regardless of your carrier.
Phoemix Sky Harbor use to be one of my favorite airports but over the years my thoughts of them have dimished.  Since 1998, I've been in and out through Sky Harbor because I use to work in Phoenix.  Back in the day, this airport was one of the better airports around (i.e. free wifi, clean, big, easy, stress-free, etc).  I think this airport could use additional terminals and gates.  Even though this airport looks like Vegas' McCarran, it's nowhere near as stress-free as them. Sky Harbor is known for their layovers and this means a ton of inside traffic.  This airport is so busy that all you hear is people, beep beep from the golf carts, and a ton of intercom messages from flights being delayed, cancelled, etc.  Try taking a nap at Sky Harbor, ain't happening. Try finding somewhere to sit while you wait for your plane, good luck with that. . . Another issue with the fact that this is an airport that has a ton of layovers is the travel between gates.  Usually layovers are around an hour which seems like plenty of time, but calculate the half hour early boarding time, rest room break, quick snack, and no concourse.  This leaves you rushing to your gate and hating life. I guess that I never noticed these issues in the past because Phoenix was my destination.  . . There are some pros to this place like free hi-speed wifi, plenty of snack kiosks, and all the phone charging stations.
This is a decent airport, but the skytrain can take a while between some of the terminals. They are revamping some of the spaces and modernizing it. Some of the terminals here are excellent and modern, while others are very old and dingy. I've had a wide range of experiences here. . . If you seek it out there is some good dining, but there is a lot of junk too. I highly recommend papsitos for mexican.
Flew in and out of PHX for our recent spring training trip. Totally average. Security lines weren't out of the ordinary, gates were pretty easy to locate, amenities are okay... Past the security gate there aren't too many options food and drinks wise, but before the security gate the food court looks pretty good. Free wifi is always a plus too.. . Overall, A-OK.
I think your experience with this airport will depend on which terminal you are in. I was going to fly out with Delta and there were very few things in this terminal: 1 bar, a Mexican restaurant, Wendys and Burger king. This terminal was like a ghost-town though, which made getting through security a breeze.. Then, I had a delay and was switched to a US flight. So, I hopped a bus to take me to the US/United terminal. This was much much busier. The security line took quite a long time. There were many restaurants, bars and little markets throughout the terminal. Overall, I would say that the airport is fairly clean and well-kept.
This airport is the size of downtown.. And I like the sports bar in Terminal C.. That is all.
this airport is okay, not that big of a fan since if I'm here, it generally means I had to fly US Airways
Ok as airports go.
Airport is pretty big.  It's really spread out. I was surprised by the lack of food choices here. Seemed like it's kinda trashy as well but theycould be remodeling. Really average airport.
A busy, noisy crowded airport - but for some odd reason I like it.... . Changing terminals is a really big pain and if you fly one of the airlines without a big presence here you have very little food and comfort options.. . Delta shut down their Sky Club (boo - hiss) but overall this is an efficient airport.
Just passing through, but a decent airport with a few places to sit down and plug in.  Not the best, but nothing to complain about either.
Airport rating.  Does it matter?  Are you gonna drive a few hundred miles just because you read a bad review? HECK YES!. . However, This is NOT a bad review.  Please go to this airport and fly somewhere else.  It's not like your going to be here long anyway.. . What sucks:. - The far away rental car place.  But if your a Phoenix local - a moot point.. - Terminal 3.  Pretty dated and plane (sic).. - Standing in the ELITE security line and non-ELITE picked before you.. -  It seems they really want you to take out your liquids.. . What doesn't suck:. - Flying away from this airport
Pretty standard stuff. I've transferred flights here a bazillion times, and walked through it like, once.
Nun fuge ich mal den bisherigen 935 englischen Beitragen den ersten deutschen bei. Wir hatten kurzlich zweimal das "Vergnugen", diesen Airport zu erleben: bei der An- und bei der Abreise unseres Urlaubes. Ich fliege gern, und ich schatze viele gute Flughafen. Phoenix gehort nicht unbedingt dazu.. . Phoenix Airport ist wie so einige amerikanische Flughafen gigantisch gro. Und liegt dennoch sehr zentral in Phoenix. Die Wege ziehen sich hin und hin und hin. Vom Ankunftsgate bis zur Immigration gingen wir gefuhlte Meilen.. . Die Immigration-Prozedere war ok, wenn auch ein wenig lahm. Das haben wir schon weitaus besser erlebt. Die Koffer waren auch da und nach einigem Suchen fanden wir auch Trolleys. Dann hie es, Transport zu unserem Hotel finden. Es gibt hier diverse Ausgange, alle gut beschildert, aber sehr viele mit Taxi- und Shuttlehinweisen, so dass wir rumratselten, welcher denn nun der richtige sei. Drauen angekommen ein Gewusel an Bussen und Taxis. Aber keinerlei klare Infos, wo was wie lauft. Shuttle zu unserem Hotel fanden wir nicht, passendes Taxi nur mit Hilfe eines Taxieinweisers.. . Beim Abflug standen wir mit unserem Gepack an einem der vielen Eingange vom Terminal 4 und suchten verzweifelt Trolleys fur unsere Koffer (immerhin fur 6 Personen). Nichts da, weit und breit nicht zu finden. Nachfrage ergab, dass es diese in der Ankunftsebene gabe - auf die Idee muss man als Abreisender erst mal kommen. Aber auch da waren irgendwie alle weg. Losung fand sich dann uber einen Koffertrager mit groer Karre, der die Koffer zum Abfertigungsschalter transportierte. Und wir waren bereits mit ersten Schwitzflecken gekennzeichnet. Bezahlung erfolgte ubrigens: Plspay what you mean I deserve" - tja, da eiert man rum, wieviele bucks man zucken soll.. . Der Terminal sauber und ubersichtlich (und wieder irre lange Wege). Da unser Flug Verspatung hatte, hie es mehr als drei Stunden zu uberbrucken. Uberraschend wurden wir von einem Herrn im roten Jacket angesprochen: Ehrenamtliche Helfer, die wartenden Paxen Informationen geben, wie man am besten die Zeit verbringen kann: Museum im Airport besuchen, mit der Schnellbahn mal kurz nach Downtown fahren, wo es was zu essen gibt etc. Tolle Sache - sehr amerikanisch.. . Alles in allem aber gewinnt dieser Airport meine Seele nicht. Ja, ganz ok, das heit bei yelp drei Sterne.
This is a very decent airport with a good variety of shopping and eating. In terms of drop-off and pick-up, this is definitely one of the easier airports to navigate.
As far as airports go, they are big and confusing, lots going on and these big flying things coming in and leaving all the time.  There are lots of people and it can be hard to figure things outs.  . . Thankfully Sky Harbor is well light, has lots of signage and seems fairly well organized.  We got through everything quickly and without any hassles.  Had enough time to grab a bit to eat and relax before our daughter boarded her flight.  Thankfully there were no long delays and everything went off without any problems.
Nice selection of restaurants and easy enough to navigate. Big clean restrooms, but would it kill them to crank up the air conditioner to cool it down?
Decent airport with recently upgraded food options.  Concourses can get quite crowded during peak times and rental car shuttle can be a pain.
Like:  . . They have stores which sell southwest tchockes like tequila lollipops embedded with teeny worms, made in China dream catchers, and lots of turquoise. Fun browsing before a flight.. . Very close to the city.  If you have a car you can be downtown in minutes.. . Although nothing to do with the airport itself, I love flying into Phoenix from the north:  You will most likely fly over Las Vegas, the Grand Canyon and Sedona and the view can be astonishing.. . Don't Like:. . Lot's of old folks moving VERY slowly through security. Southwest terminal can get insanely crowded (although they have re-built one of the concourses recently and it's heaps better).. Expect turbulent landings here in the summer months.. . Lastly, when I was here in January the Southwest baggage handlers sent my luggage to the wrong airport.
I had the pleasure (insert sarcasm here) of visiting this airport the other day, as I had a flight back to Sacramento. The line to go through security was extremely long. There was a lady at the front shouting that all liquids needed to be removed from purses. The poor lady in front of me had to remove 6 baby bottles filled with milk from her purse and set them down. Really? If I have it in my purse, why do I need to remove it? Isn't that what the X-ray thingie is for? At the Sacramento International Airport, they don't waste time on that mumbo jumbo. . . In addition, after passing security and clearing that successfully, I tried walking through to get my stuff, only for the lady to say,. . "Ma'am, ma'am, ma'am, where are you going?" and she ushered me to the full body scan, which I didn't know about it since I don't travel too often and I didn't have to go through one in the Sac airport on the way to AZ. The staff needs to understand not everyone is going to be familiar with how they do things -- every airport is different. . . They have a good variety of gift shops and lots of Starbucks stores. There are a lack of outlets, which is a major negative. My phone was near its death and I had nowhere to plug my charger into.. . Overall, OK airport but the people working there could lighten up a little to make traveling a more pleasant experience.
Depending on what terminal you're using, a trip through Sky Harbor will vary wildly.  Terminal 4 is expansive and modern, with plenty of amenities and a reasonable walking route to stretch your legs if your layover allows.  But security lineups can be frustratingly long at times.. . On the other side of the coin, Terminal 2 is small and offers barely enough in the way of services to satisfy any longer visit than maybe an hour.  Heaven forbid if you're stuck there with kids for an extended period. But security is usually a breeze.. . It's centrally located to pretty much everything in the greater Phoenix area and is easily accessible from all main freeways.  There are a few goofy lane transitions if you need to circle the airport drive, but otherwise it's a fairly straightforward in and out for most terminals.  Plus, there's a train to quickly shuttle you between terminals (for if you need to get out of Terminal 2 and over to 4 for some decent food options).. . The large, relatively new rental car facility is a quick bus ride from the terminal and is even easier to access, allowing you to avoid navigating the airport altogether.. . All things considered, it's a pretty serviceable facility for one of the larger metro areas in the country, but I'm glad I no longer need to fly through as frequently as I used to.
Decent airport but so far to get from terminal to terminal. Unending automatic walkways to get to terminal A. Looks like they're finally building a shuttle but won't be available for a couple more years. Airport is clean, but needs more electric outlets by the chairs at the gate.
Not my favorite airport, but definitely not the worst. TSA Sent me to the wrong place to get a SuperShuttle outside, which sucked in the heat carrying my luggage, but otherwise I had a pleasant experience. The security line was lonnnnng on a Thursday afternoon, but the TSA Agents were actually friendly. . . Note to all: You can opt OUT of that body scanner, its not required. Just as ai was about to request to opt out, a new x-ray machine line was opened and their scanner was broken sooooo I got to walk right through. Aces!. . I like the tables located at my gate with the charging stations, made getting some juice for my iPhone a lot easier.
It looks like a nice enough airport compared to others I've been in.  The shuttle to the rental car area works well, despite the rental cars being offsite the way they are.  Coming in I had no complaints.  . . Leaving town, I was let down that I had to go to the A gates, and there was nothing good available for food.  I got the renovated area unfortunately.  I was stuck with a kiosk serving overpriced sandwiches.  Eh, that's just life I suppose.
Ok airport. My flight was on time this time
I will give it that it's a friendly airport, but it feels very dated in areas.. . I'm not a fan of the set-up that much either.  Now, in fairness I'm used to the Tucson Airport, but it just isn't very intuitive once you get inside.. . Also, the concourses that I've been on have been lacking in quality food choices.
So this review is for the airport alone.  It seems that they are always crowded, and they don't make my airline put the connections next to each other, but they are relatively clean.  Overall I like the airport, but I'm one who likes to eat at restaurants, and the restaurant selection is limited to me.
I had two very different experinces in Phoenix's airport.  On the way into the airport, I had a good experience.  The workers were very friendly, and theypointed me in the right direction to the airport shuttle.. . However, on the way back I was stuck babysitting other people I went to school with.  One girl didn't have ID (How you can be 20 years old with no ID is beyond me.), and we got stuck at the aiport at 3 AM to get her through security.  I was not amused, but the aiport security was just unpleasant.  She had the needed documents, and they proceeded to take ten years to get everything done.  Ughhhhh.  As if that wasn't bad enough, there was nothing that was open in the terminal until 6 AM (when the flight left).  No coffee.  Grrrrr.. . Free wifi.
The Phoenix airport is a good example of a large small airport.  It has pretty good flights and seems to be fairly updated.  Food options are good too.
I do not like this airport. . . I do not like that they deemed it appropriate to name an entire concourse in honour of far-fringe loser (Terminal 4). I do not like that they search me extra molestingly at the molesting station (TSA checkpoint)(I have gone through wearing what is apparently the most suspicious accessory known to U.S. Americans: a beard). I do not like the aforementioned one bit and would, in good conscience, given a one-star if not for .... . (a) Sky Train: it is fucking awesome (especially since it is free);. (b) Modern Burger: it is fucking awesome (especially since it is at an airport); and. (c) staff at the Staffed Information Counter(s). . . This could be one of the top airports in our nation, but the waits at the TSA checkpoints are abominable, and the waits at the ticketing counters are dumbfoundingly worse (there are a lot of patrons switching flights and bullshit because of all the delays, and, nonsense; likewise, the airline employees are seemingly exported from the U.S. South where they move as slow as one could move without falling asleep). - E
The airport was easy to navigate and I got my luggage quickly. I wasn't crazy about walking in the heat to the bus to the rental car area.
My friends and I had the pleasure of waiting in Phoenix Sky Harbor for our connecting flight to Cabo Mexico! . . We were posted in Terminal 4, where it was busy, chaotic, and HOT on a Friday morning! It can be a journey just to get from one terminal to another! This isn't the most glamorous airport, and I think it needs a few touch ups here and there to be on the same level of another large airport like... SFO. . . We couldn't wait to get out of there..... . On a brighter note, We saw plenty of food stalls in this airport!
I have a transferred flight there.It's really crowded in the US Airway area.I think they scheduled flight close with each other, and the room is not enough for all of them. So I had to sit in other area. And other people just stand or sit on the ground. Kinda messy.
Gates a not many options of restaurants open after 9pm
Free wi-fi . Not Crowded. Easy to get through security. Shopping. And you can hang out with your family outside of security. . Bad part - my dad has picked me up here 20 times and still gets confused entering and exiting, can you fix the ease of signage here?
Can't say much...I was just passing through.  It was nice, clean, a good amount of restaurants.
It's a pretty nice airport.....I don't really know what else to say about it.
this is probably one of my least favorite airports i have been thru during my trips across the states. I stopped here for a layover and almost missed my flight because there is no overall intercom or even speaker system, so you really have to be vigilant near your gate to make sure you know when to board. . . I haven't gone through the actual security so i can't really say too much about that since my visit was simply a layover and not a full run through of the facility. But I have experienced better elsewhere. . . Sad, because this is the same airport that is reference in that Jimmy eat world song 'Goodbye Sky Harbor' and that is such a great song too! . . So for now, Ill say this place is simply ok. The decor inside wasn't bad. But it probably needs a bit of renovation. Staff seemed friendly but dear god, please get that speaker system working!!
Seems nice. I didn't see much. I know there are NO Reese's Pieces in the bldg..  How do they sleep at night?.  It was pleasant, clean, and had enough seating.
It may be not one thing different except the blue color but I found the new signage confusing this morning at an airport I'm well familiar with.  Mind you it was 5:30 A.M. and at that hour I find much of the world confusing.   Good dining options abound, varying from terminal to terminal. Having to board shuttle bus rather than some sleek automated rail between terminals seems a bit of a throwback, but all in all, it's big, clean, attractive, a bit spread out, a pleasant place to fly to and through and easily accessible (and quick trip) from Central Phoenix.
What a brain hurter. This airport did not make me a happy camper at all. I landed in Phoenix and had to transfer to a different terminal of which I had no idea that I had to. My ticket never said anything about having to do that and it never even said which terminal I was supposed to go to. So I had to ask a worker in order to figure it out. This then required me to walk downstairs and catch some shuttle bus thing. I could hear all the other people on the bus complaining about how they had to guess where they were going aswell.. . To add on top of this, it required me to go back through security. Of course due to my luck the line took like 25 minutes to get through. Some dumb people do not realize that you cannot take drinks from outside into the terminal. Thankfully my layover was about an hour long so I still had a little bit of time after to grab lunch. The only problem was the terminal was so crowded with not enough seats that I was eating squished between two people. Comfort zone so not fun.. . I have to give them 3 stars though because it was Ok and though my complaining sounds like I hate this place, I still made my flight on time and the workers were very helpful.
I never realized how HUGE this airport is. I was here on a short layover from Cabo San Lucas, so I had to pass through customs here. It was pretty painless and I mentally prepared myself for a 3 hour layover. Plenty of shops and plenty of food options. . . My only suggestion (if you're using Yelp to find food), call the place and figure out exactly WHERE the restaurant you're looking for is actually located. I walked all over Terminal 4 before I gave up searching for what I wanted, and just got a turkey sandwich instead.
Large airport with no real help to get from one terminal to the other.  So you may have a bit of a jog between flights if your in different terminals with a short layover time. Clean though and well laid out.
For never actually spending time in Phoenix, I spend so much time in this airport.  When you live in and are flying out of a small town that nobody has ever heard of, it's a chore getting home to Hawaii for me. Phoenix is always my layover or one of my layovers. I always feel like I've ran a marathon by the time I'm at my next gate. It's so spread out and huge and just my luck, I always need to be at the opposite end of where I'm at to catch my connecting flight.  Those people mover things do help though, until people decide to stand on it because legs are overrated. That's just lazy, come on!. . Something I'll remember forever; I was so thirsty so I went to a Starbucks in my terminal.  I ordered a black tea.  When the lady called my name and gave me my drink, I was in such a hurry..I grabbed it and went on my way to board. I never took my first sip until seated on the plane.  Ahhh, finally relaxation time.  I take a huge sip expecting deliciously fresh brewed iced tea, and NOPE. Pure black iced coffee. Not even a hint of cream or sugar. The guy in front of me is lucky I didn't spit it out. Did I mention that I'm not even a coffee drinker? My husband had a huge laugh.  Haha, I guess. Lol.
I stopped in here during a layover to Baja.  The small bit of the airport that I walked through was rather dismal and in need of updating.  The restaurants were very similar (Tex-Mex influence) with typical overpriced airport goods.  . . Because I was there very early, the airport was a ghost town.  However, within an hour of being there, a bunch of flights landed and it quickly became a bustling airport!
I am always in the Delta terminal.  Good shop choices before security, but once you are past security don't expect much.   It seems like the security lines are always LONG!  They have at least 6 security scanners, yet they only ever have 2 open.  Expect a long wait so get here early!
I was only there for about 45 mins., its ok
Flew through here on my way from Mexico City to Reno.  The airport is nice, seems like just the right size to have enough flights but to not be overly crowded.
I think this was my second time at this airport, this time for a layover. I spent only about 30 minutes here which consisted of walking from one gate to another. It was crazy busy. As in there was no where to sit down in the entire airport. . . The terminal I was in was pretty old and I didn't partake in any of the food selections so I can't comment on that. I'm actually glad I didn't have to because all of the lines were super long.. . Unfortunately, I didn't spend much time looking around since I had such a short layover hence the short review.
A large airport that is really spread out.  The Southwest terminal is really crowded, so more seating would have been better.  The food options are decent, we opted for La Grande Orange which was really good.  There are some shops geared toward children, like a toy shop.  This came in handy for my little ones; even if it's just window shopping, it helps pass the time away during layovers.  There are plenty of moving walkways to help get from one terminal to another quickly, being that this is a large airport to maneuver.
Airport. . From a purely traveling perspective, it gets the job done - planes take off and land and you can get your luggage and be on your way.. . Middleof the road decent- the baggage area was a Mongolian cluster fuck where there seemed to be 4 carousels and each one had like 10 flights of stuff on them - so it was a sea of humanity there.. . Exits were easy enough to find thankfully and I didn't look back.. . Gets the job done - not as bad as LAX and not as good as most of the others.. . Good luck!
I was here for about 20 min... but at least it wasn't a bad 20 min?
If you are returning home or new to PHX, good luck figuring out where to park or how to get back to your car.  Just not a very well thought out airport.
The terminals are confusing and the airport seems old
an oldie but a goody.  i haven't had to wait in line to check in or thru security so i can't complain.  lots of restaurants, mostly outside security, to pick from.  could use an upgrade.
The airport was easy to navigate and clean. no gum on the floor. had to rock my jacket as the airport had some kicking AC going on. the people were nice
Nothing to complain about.
Time to update my review.  All of my previous comments still apply....WiFi sucks, Car Rental building is far from the airport and takes a very long time to get to.  However, it's improved in 1 important area and gets bumped up 1 Star for it....the food has improved in the gate areas.. . Since my last review, they've added local Arizona restaurants like La Grande Orange and Sir Veza's Taco Garage.  Awesome move by the airport.  At least we're doing something right here.. . Also, they've added an art display in the gate area before security.  Over the Summer they had bolo ties on display from all over the State.  Very cool.. . Let's keep improving this airport.  Now if they can just move car rental on-site.... . Return Factor - 100%
Kinda cramped for the volume of fliers that come through here, but you really don't have a choice with USAir.
Leave yourself plenty of time to get where you need to go here. Seriously, the paths between terminals are the longest I've ever encountered. It'd be like if DFW didn't have the little air tran thing. . . Besides that, it's a pretty straightforward airport and has never been overly crowded on my visits. I'm not necessarily wowed by the dining options
While waiting to pick a friend up from the airport I decided to stop off and try the new Orange Spice iced coffee. Instead, I got an Orange Spice Iced Americano, which was to the disbelief of the lady at the cash register. She was unaware they could do that. They then charged me more than $4 for a drink that shouldn't normally be more than $2.50 because he didn't know how to ring it up or even that the drink existed. The drink was tasty for the two minutes it lasted, but it was all ice. . . I will stay away from airport Starbucks from now on unless I'm out of country and just need a taste of home. Otherwise, it's not a true Starbucks experience.
Many, many changes to the dining variety. No complaints.. . Some of the water faucets have fill stations for water bottles .... very nice!. . I fly Southwest & US airlines and have been through this airport many, many times. Free, easy to use Internet and clean.
It's been years since I've flown into Phoenix and this review is way overdue. It's definitely come a long way with many updates and additions for food options and shopping. . . It's quite a large airport and security can be dicey so leave yourself plenty of time to get in and out.
Rental car shuttle system is not fast...plan on spending an hour from the time you return your car to your arrival at your terminal...that's before you even get into the security lines.
Overall the look of this airport is old. Dark seats and carpet and old textile but they do have lighted electric signs. Here is the summary:. . Pro: some eateries are very new and modern e.g. Modern Burger. They have moving walkways. Free Wi-fi that extends to some section (but will drop later).. . Con: toilets don't have auto seat covers. There are a few outlets but they ports are very loose, my AC plug-in keeps falling out. Still not enough number of outlets. The carpet looks very old and not a lot of seats in the waiting area at the gates.
So. Confused.. Don't head to this airport if you need glasses to read. CAUSE I WAS GETTING LOST. Mind you, I shouldn't be driving without glasses anyways, but that is beside the point. Not only is it difficult to navigate which gate to get to for arrivals, but my guest arriving was extremely lost trying to find where to exit from luggage claim. . Coming from living near the San Diego Airport, the traffic isnt as bad here, but the people suck. . I know your job is safety and security, but its also a customer service position. So i expect a smile and MAYBE even some Pleases and Thank yous ..... BUT NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo dont expect that here. . I swear the people they hire hate being spoken to. lol terrible employees, someone needs to hire a quality control auditor.
It looks like a nice airport. The one issue is the CAB line. Very hard to find. One of the worst i have came across
This airport reminded me of the movie BLOW. It's beyond old school. Old dirty looking carpets and all around boring feel. However, it is functional and it does what its supposed to do.
Par-- Expensive parking, some good food options, befuddled terminal layout. . PHX is okay as an airport. Once you've been through departing a few times, you learn the terminal layout and parking options.  But on first experience, it's a befuddled mess.  Knowing the parking layout isn't easy. Numbering system is inconsistent. And you see people struggling to tell their ride where to pick them up on a regular basis in baggage claim. At-airport parking is also very expensive at $25/day.  . . To its credit, PHX does have some good eating options.  Better than almost all other airports even.. . Other than that, it's a messy design, the place is showing age, and you have to budget extra time in case there is traffic.  Guess that's the price of having a downtown airport.  I'd love to see them build a modern international airport in Buckeye.  They have enough land out there and (with the new loop) it would balance out some of the traffic load so the highway around the airport isn't so congested.. . Better bet is to park in the Spot parking at E 40th and Van Buren.  There is a covered option and they zip you right in.
I love Phoenix, and the airport isn't bad, but.... . There is a lot of walking between terminals.  There are moving sidewalks, but it still seems like a trek.. . My biggest complaint is restaurants.   We wanted to try and get a sit down meal in Terminal B and no dice.  The one food area had two food choices (mexican and pizza) with the smallest dining area I ever saw.  It was a mad battle for table space if you wanted to eat.  Not ideal.. . I can see there are some restaurants in the works, so maybe things will get better.. . Even seating the terminal area was pretty limited.
This airport is notoriously difficult to get around in, the gates are far apart and walkways are old and miserable. Okay...enough with the bad. . . The good news is!!!!  Now the airport is highlighting some of Phoenix's best food so go early and walk yourself over to Blanco, humble pie or Chelsea's kitchen for a kale salad, some guac, a pistachio pizza or just for an artisan cocktail. Once you do, you may not mind the walk to your gate on the other side of the planet. Lol :-). . One more thing, don't forget to write down which garage you are in (after you pick up those bags you'll be happy to head toward the right garage E or W) or glad to know which side to be picked up on (N or S).  You're welcome.
Phoenix is one of my favorite cities, but this airport is not one of my favorites to fly into.  It is a large airport, but not that easy to get around.  You have to walk...a lot.  I usually fly US Airways and this airport is a hub for that airline.  The car rental location is far from the airport, but the shuttles are pretty reliable.  Some of the positives about the airport are that it's very clean, and has free Wi-Fi and offer an array of dining options.  So if your ever stranded (fingers crossed that it doesn't happen), you will be comfortable and won't go hungry as long as you have some cash flow.  . . B. Major Grade:  C
Overall this is a decent airport. Security here is generally pretty easy. . Some terminals are super beat up and dated. Others, such as the D gates in Southwest's terminals are brand new and sparkling. . Pretty good food choices and a couple of decent bars. . I always grab a soup and sandwich from Paradise Bakery while waiting to catch my flight.
Paradise bakery is good for soups n salad, most terminals are run down :(  lots of parking. Gates are kind of far apart. So so experience. Employees very friendly and helpful.
If you've never been to the Phoenix Sky Harbor airport, don't be alarmed - you aren't missing anything. Really. . . On our most recent trip to Phoenix, we thought we'd see a lot of updates from our last visit but it still seems really outdated with very few restaurants to chose from. A lot of airports these days are getting facelifts and bringing in more trendy places to eat but not so much here.  At least not in the Southwest Terminal.  . . I will say, I love the moving walkways though.
I LOVE this airport for a variety of reasons:. . 1. Since I fly Southwest and they are based here, I LOVE, LOVE that they are the first terminal when coming into the airport. . . 2. They also have ample parking...even during the holidays, when everybody and their Momma is at Sky Harbor, we can ALL find a place to put the car! Yeah!. . 3. Getting through security is generally fast. (Note this comment is about speed...still have problems with the friendliness of the TSA staff. Most of the TSA staff around America, though, is the same...meh...However, in Kona, HI, you will find the most helpful TSA around: friendly, kind and helpful.). . 4. The selection/variety of eateries in the terminals has exploded. I saw also that they are now building a nice upscale restaurant as well.. . 5. Bathrooms are always clean. Have yet to find a messy stall.. . 6. Someone brillant allowed art galleries and gallery-like gift shops to exist. AMEN. So tired of airport crap shops. . . And I really DISLIKE this airport for a few reasons:. . 1. Although the gastronomic selection is huge, why does the price tag of the meal have to be huge (and the size of the meal, small)? My son had an unexpected flight delay of 2+hours so I got him a grilled cheese sandwich at Paradise Bakery.....it was pitifully small. I was woefully unhappy to learn that we paid $10 for a sandwich, cookie and a drink. The sandwich was the size of two business cards.. . 2. To be such a busy hub, I think we need more folks with the motorized carts. . 3. We are in the digital age...can we have more places to plug in and charge up? This issue becomes really obvious when flights are delayed.... . 4. What needs to be done to have faster wi-fi? I mean really, what needs to be done? This also painfully obvious when the airport is packed and there are 1000's of us logged on trying to connect with folks through our devices.. . This place has come a long way...and yet still has some ways to go. But I can absolutely see HUGE improvements.
