I had a late night with a bunch of my friends so there wasn't a long line. I ordered the Combo Pan Roast and it was very flavorful. It took a long time for the waiter to make the food though.. The waiter also gave us a complimentary oyster shooter which was a plus.
Nice little oyster bar with a good food selection.  It is a bit pricey but the staff here is always nice.  Most of them joke around with the patrons and seem to enjoy working there. I would suggest trying the New England Clam chowder.
eeks me think not,  there was some kind of worm squiggling around in my  raw oyster, gross! i probably would've eaten it too if i hadn't squeezed some lemon on all my oysters and noticed it squiggling from pain  in the corner of my eye. i'm relatively new to raw oyster eating, so this was totally unexpected. plus i figured this place would have "clean" oysters since they have Oyster in their name! the chefs were nice and comp'd us the oysters but it really put a downer on my entire evening . . In addition, the rice in my pan roast was soggy and mushy! i guess they don't know how to make rice. i liked the flavor of the pan roast (mm tomato/lobster bisque mixture), but having soggy sides = minus minus stars. overall very bleh! not sure this was worth the wait.
On our visit in March visit the line moved rapidly, but this evening we ended up waiting and waiting and waiting for seats to turnover. On being seated my wife ordered a bowl of New England clam chowder while I opted for the Cioppino, a spicy tomato-based stew that included crab, shrimp, mussels and fish.  Both dishes were very good, but we were more interested in getting some shuteye than eating after our long flight.
I find this place really difficult to review because my food was easily a 4 but my experience was more like a 2. So we'll take the average and go with a 3, and we'll let future visits decide my final rating!. . There WILL be a future visit, because the food was really good. I had a combo roast with shrimp, crab and lobster, basically all floating in a delicious, creamy sauce reminiscent of lobster bisque. It was very yummy and filling and EXACTLY what I'd hoped for.. . It's a tiny place, with just a few seats around a bar where all of the food is cooked fresh, right in front of you. Let me tell you, it was oh so satisfying when, after an hours' wait, we finally got to take our seats around those bubbling cauldrons of delicious seafoody goodness!  It's slow, but the cook and the servers work really hard to get the food to you as fast as possible, and our waitress was awesomely attentive, considering how busy she was. However... the guy cooking messed up and skipped us twice, serving people who sat down over 20 and 30 minutes later than us. We were there for nearly 3 hours in all and It kinda sucked.. . The staff were apologetic when we all figured out what was going on, but the whole thing just felt so disorganized. Waiting in line, when seats open up, they don't really let smaller parties fill in the gaps. There was an end seat on either side of the bar remaining empty almost all night- that bugged the crap out of me, as with a little maneuvering around, another couple could have sat down and let the line move faster, too.. . BUT these inconveniences are not a deal-breaker; I'll be back for more delicious shrimp someday soon. And hey, I won $10 at a slot machine while waiting in line, so you can use the time to score a discount on dinner if you are so inclined, haha.
Lucky for us the wait was only 20 minutes. Everyone and their mom recommends this place. They gave our oysters to the wrong people, so we didnt get ours till after our main dish came out. Then we tried to eat them and they weren't even shucked correctly, they muscle was still stuck to the shell. I also ordered the Palace Pan Roast which was very good, but kind of too rich for my taste. I would go back, but only if there wasn't a line.
After a 1.5hr wait, I'd have to say this place is overrated and overpriced. $19 for a giant bowl that one person definitely can't finish. $5 split plate fee? C'mon.... . I ordered the Combo Pan Roast and while it's tasty, it's mostly just a giant bowl of creamy thick tomato soup. Came with one scoop of rice which is definitely not enough considering the giant bowl of soup. Do yourself a favor and ask for another scoop of rice. I tried Domo's gumbo and definitely preferred the pan roast since it had a more tangy flavor. Saw someone order the ciaopinno and made a mental note to order that next time since it looked like more seafood came with that order than the pan roast. My main gripe about the Combo pan roast is that it's supposed to come with shrimp, crab, and lobster. You can make out the shrimp but the lobster and crab were harder to spot since the lobster came already shelled so you'd have to dig around your bowl of soup to find the lobster. At first it looked like a piece of fish, but when I bit into it, it seemed more like lobster. The crab comes shredded...so if you don't finish your entire bowl of thick-ass soup, you end up leaving precious morself of crab...what a waste!! I want to eat all of the crab!!!!!. . Try to come very EARLY or very late because although the counter seats 18, they only have 6 kettles cooking at a time, which means that the other 12 people have to wait 20 miniutes before their food even starts cooking. We found out the hard way...... . On a side note, one of the dealers at Rio told us that South Point Casino also has an Oysters Bar there and that there is a lot more seating there so if we ever decide to go back, we'll check out South Point's bar instead.. . PS: While I was perusing the menu, an asian fellow approached me and informed me that his restaurant, The Boiler in Chino HIlls offers similar kettle-steamed gumbo fare. He mentioned that he studied under the executive Chef of Oyster Bar. So, that might be a good one to check out if you're ever in the area...
They get three stars now. They changed chefs. I used to brag about this place and anytime family or friends visit I made sure I took them to the bar. I went about a week ago and there was a new cook. The gumbo was still good but ....not as good.
Oyster Bar.  Wow, this one is a hard one to rate.  Let me tell you why..  . Food here is pretty damn good, I must say.  I had their Combo Gumbo, and what's there not to like?  Fresh ingredients, savory, and it's cooked to order right in front of you (BTW, ours was prepared by JJ--awesome Chef).  I'd pass on the Jambalaya.  Way too tomato-based for my liking.  If you're not looking for something very acidic this is definitely not for you.  The oysters were decent..  . Here's where it gets tricky:.  . You're going to end up waiting for a long time.  And it's not a typical wait.  No, it's the annoying, "I get to see everyone eat, and there are open seats in between them, and why the F*CK can't I sit there???" kind of wait.  Fine, you're patient, you say?  Well I hope you like the waitress, Delores.  Nice girl and all, but I cannot stand her dry, dry humor.  Seriously, people wait an average of over an hour, the last thing you want to do is joke and say you won't give them their food, "sorry, we sold out,"or saying, "oh, he wants the check, I'm just going to ignore them".  (Yes, she seriously says that stuff out loud and ignores you).  Stand-Up Comedian, you are not, Delores.  And some of your audience with hungry stomachs do not appreciate it..  . I absolutely loves the Chefs and their food, but Delores' service alone makes me not want to come back.
Passed by for years.  Read all the hype.  So I finally went.  Line didn't LOOK too bad.  Yeah, so an hour and 15 minutes later I got seated.  Just myself by the way.. . Ordered 1/2 dozen oysters, House Gumbo and a small Kirin draft.. The Oysters:  Fresh oysters w/ horseradish and cocktail sauce. Good.. The Gumbo:  Huge serving.  Fresh seafood.  Big flavors though kinda salty.  But delicious nonetheless.. . With tax and tip:  $47.16. Kind of pricey me thinks.. . Also, while waiting, I guess the stock pot in the middle (that gets ladled into all the bowls) ran low so the cook pulls a container from below the counter and spoons in some powdered stock and fills in the water.. Call me picky but for that price, shouldn't there be a big pot in the back stewing bones and other bits and pieces to create the stock?. . Might be back but when I think of the incredible meal opportunities in Vegas (repeats, "too be tried" places, as well as other "Oyster Bars" doing the same thing), then factoring in the wait and the price....Not so sure.. . Also also, In their defense, the patrons in front and back of me in line for 1.25 hours were repeat locals.
Good Food, not great or bad, just ok. went there around 3 am, only two ppl working there, waited for food about 15-20 mins. Shrimp with spaghetti and raw oyster. Pretty good quality, nothing amazing. I really wanted to try the rockfellers, but oh well. myabe next time
We made it finally!  Waited for about an hour which was understandable due to the high volume of people and servers slow to bus seats.  . . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=e4aS4UGEyTreqJ6XbbfVxA#VEWUm4gsL2vxexjn1RRvHQ. . We immediately order the Crab Cakes after hearing another patron complimenting them; I have to say they were delicious! Fresh Crab Cake in a bitter sauce diminished our hunger and made us forget about the long wait.  Definitely a must order if you visit this Oyster Bar.  If you don't like bitter tasting sauce, I would suggest ordering the Crab Cakes without sauce. I thought the sauce complimented them very well and enjoyed every bite. . . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=e4aS4UGEyTreqJ6XbbfVxA#PlW9Yo2sSLw3o-AWxhrM0g. . . Our other two items Oysters and Gumbo which are a "no brainer" for my wife and I since it's what we order every visit.  Now, we've been here about three or four times but haven't visited in a couple years.  . . First up, a Dozen Oysters.  Oysters were very fresh and well chilled and went perfectly with the condiments provided.  Our only big complaint was the oysters were pretty tiny.  You probably can't tell by looking at the picture, but the meat just wasn't there and it's not something you can really complain about.  So pretty disappointed with the Oysters.. . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=e4aS4UGEyTreqJ6XbbfVxA#GlpImK1DGy5sU5iZNjVOoA . . Next up, House Special Gumbo which comes with lobster, shrimp, sausage and crab.  Spicy level 7 (out of 10).  Gumbo was pretty tasty, fish was delicious as was the sausage.  However, my wife and I noticed that previous visits in the past they used to give us whole pieces of cut sausage.  Now, they cut the sausage into four 1/4 pieces giving you less sausage.  Not a huge deal but it could make one wonder what other ingredients (seafood) they dialed back in your gumbo. . . http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/awI4hHMfa7H0Xf0-ChU5hg?select=e4aS4UGEyTreqJ6XbbfVxA#e4aS4UGEyTreqJ6XbbfVxA. . In the past I would give this place 4-5 stars easily but due to my dishes coming up a little short with a hefty price tag gives it only a satisfactory.  Which is a shame because my wife and I would talk about this oyster bar every visit to sin city.  Now we have a "eh" attitude and will probably look for a different oyster bar to try.
Service was eh. Sucks to say, I'm not much of a seafood person.  Unfortunately for me... That's all this place was. I went with a few of my friends here.. . My friend misinformed me and told me there was some other items other than seafood, buuut NOPE. The only other food that wasn't seafood was bread. Luckily, I'm OK with eating some fish, so I got the Parmesan Crusted Halibut, but it honestly wasn't that great to me. I'm sure if I was into oysters, it would've been delicious. My friends raved about the clam chowder from there too.. . Speaking for my other friends that love to eat seafood, they loved the oysters. My friend loves this restaurant by the way. The dishes are expensive of course, but what do you expect from Las Vegas. The Calamari was mostly just batter, which was disappointing for my friends. I kind of wanted to try the Lobster Ravioli since it seemed doable for me, but I took a chance with the halibut.  The sauce was called a "florentine" sauce or something. Not really my cup of tea, but I didn't have much to choose from.. . Don't listen to your friends and believe them when they say there's more than just seafood if you're not that into that.... Just go to the burger place right next door to Oyster Bar.
I'll learn not NOT read Yelp reviews before going to a foreign place. I think I was too buzzed to do so (that's my reason and I'm sticking to it) The person I was with didn't really explain everything to me. So I kinda did a monkey see monkey do thing. . What I got was pretty good (it was the house "gumbo") it has shrimp,crab and lobster. You have an option of how spicy you'd like it; scale 1-10. But it had a creamy sauce think vodka pasta sauce. The portion size it LARGE two people could share it. I ate what I could and packe it to go. Only to leave it at the bus stop ( I got tired of carrying it around), hoping someone less fortunate would come along and eat it!. Needless to say, later that night I wished I'd held on to it..  . I'm definitely going back, gonna try the mussles, oysters on a hlaf shell and the bloody mary oyster shots!
After we went roaming around Fremont Street in down town Vegas, we decided to get some oysters. The Oyster bar is really small and so we had to wait in line to be seated. I thought the people at the bar were taking their precious time to eat but the service was slow. After like 20-25 minutes we finally got seated. . . We ordered a dozen oysters which took 20 minutes to get served to us bc the the waiter didn't know how to shuck oysters and he was actually complaining in front of us. Another guy took over bc the other dude was acting fussy and this guy was no better. He acted like opening oysters was the worst job on earth. HELLO you work at a Oyster Bar so get your act together or get some more training on Oyster shucking. Everything on the menu looked really good but with their slow service I don't know if the wait is worth it. Most of the dishes were priced $17-$24 dollars if I could remember. Clam chowders are pretty good here and they cost cheaper on the menu.
Great food, but the waiting is the hardest part.
When we arrived on a Tuesday evening at around 8PM, there were only 5 other people waiting in line, but it took forever for the bar stools to turnover so we ended up waiting almost an hour for a seat and then another 30 minutes for our meal to be prepared.  The usual cook took a break just as we sat down and the back-up needed to check the menu posted on the wall to determine what ingredients were to be used.  We each ordered bouillabaisse which comes with rice and bread that we barely touched.  Once again this was the best we have found in Las Vegas; literally loaded with seafood though the promised cod was MIA and the crab legs very small.  However, the meal just was not worth the extraordinary wait.
Come here every time I go to Vegas but this will be the last time. Since they went 24hrs its seems like the staff is exhausted. They used to have two cooks (plus assistants) running the place and now there is just one cook with one assistant. This means much longer wait times for the same food. This last experience took 3.5hrs (on a Monday) which involved about 15min of eating. No fault of the staff, there's just not enough of them. Who ever is running this place has decided to focus on profits instead of customer satisfaction. This place should have expanded a long time ago and the staff should have increased not decreased. Food is still the same but now that one of the former cooks opened his own place (more seating and lots of staff) I'll be going there instead of waiting here.
All the yelp reviews made me dream of going to this place for a couple weeks.  I went at around 5pm on a Thursday and only waited about 5 minutes to get a couple seats.  I thought the service and setting was neat and with only 1 chef and 1 waitress, I thought they did a pretty good job with the service.  I also loved the draft beer selection.. . The food wasn't as mind blowing as the yelp reviews would lead you to believe.  We tried a few different things and here is my rating on each:. Oyster Vodka Shooter 2/5 - Lousy bloody mary mix.. New Zealand Mussels 2/5 -the liquid was weak and watery but the mussels were fresh and tasty.  The bland liquid ruined it for me.. 1/2 Dozen Oysters 5/5 - AWESOME, I will go back just for these.  Huge and fresh.. Combo Pan Roast 4/5 - The seafood was cooked perfectly, but the flavor was missing just a little something for me.. Shrimp Scampi 2/5 - Shrimp was beautiful but the sauce was unbearably weak.  This may be the worst scampi I have ever had.. . I am hoping to go back when there is a different chef and maybe the food will be more flavorful.
Got here around 5pm and waited a little over an hour on a Saturday.. . Honestly.... the pan roast was OK.. . I don't know if this opinionis a result of my friends raving and having major foodgasms over this stuff but I wasn't impressed. To be fair, I'm not a fan of creamy food, soups, etc. The seafood portions (I got the combo roast) were hefty and the shrimp and lobster were cooked just right. But the soup was just too creamy and I couldn't eat much of it. Anyway, when I told my friends that it was whatever, they gasped and looked at me like I was spewing heresy. So to each his own I guess!. . The experience was cool though. All these hungry pan roast loving people staring at people eating pan roast watching the chef making pan roast in the middle of the casino. It's worth a try!
How does a place go from a high as a hidden gem to a low as a place you don't want to visit anymore all in the same day? I realize I don't write reviews on yelp but do value people's opinions and thus I feel this has to be written. I came to oyster bar for a late lunch after a morning of going around sema show and had a great eating experience and thought, wow a hidden gem off the strip inside palace station. I decided to come back for dinner which turned out to be a disaster. After waiting a hour in a half, I finally was seated but somehow they let a guy cut because he was a party of one. Now, customers are suppose to wait in line and it should not be the customers to voice concerns as this should be common business policy to let people cut in line. So because this guy made a scene, he was able to sit and choose to order three dozen oysters and three dozen clams and since there was only one person to shuck (sp?) the shells, everyone's order got held up. Now, to some, that might be okay but then when they forget to put my order of oysters in and don't put the stream rice on the side of my combo pan roast because they were worried about servicing the guy that cut in line, then there is a problem. This experience is definition of how people who complain and make a scene get their way at the expense of those people who follow the rules. OK, my rant is done.
The oysters were okay. Not bad. But is it weird to complain about their shape? I'm no oyster connoisseur but I've had my fair share. These had some odd shapes. Shapes that were a bit hard to eat. Like mutated large ones that were hard to take down. This sounds weird.... . Am I being an oyster snob? Maybe. Probably. And they were kinda small. Were they good? Yeah... but they weren't the best I've had either. . . If you're looking for the bar, it's gonna be in the middle of the casino to the left as you walk in from the Strip. Nice thing is you can take a break from "all that money you're winning" to down some oysters. That I'm okay with!
We stopped in on Friday based on Yelp reviews. Got here around 5:30pm & our wait was approx 1 hr 30min.  We ordered the Combo Roast with a level 6 spice. Very rich and not much seafood in the dish but was a decent flavor. Also had the clam steamers, bland flavor. Overall based on the wait and taste and price in my opinion I wouldn't recommend or try again.
Taste: 3.5. Creativity/Authenticity: 2.5. Atmosphere: 2.5. Service: 3. Bang for your buck: 3. . Common courtesy is the key to life... But the people here have none! This doesn't effect the rating of this place but it def has a bad effect for it. Came here for the huge raves and reviews about this place; first off this is not a real oyster bar so if your coming here for oysters don't bother; If you only carry one type of oyster you are not an oyster bar. Anyways first things first got 1/2 dozen blue points to start and the combo pan fried and the gumbo. The oysters were horrible; like after my meal throw up all my food horrible (which i did). The combo pan fried though is where it's at; great flavor, good amount of spice. The flavors mixed well without overpowering one another; good amount of crab and shrimp def a must when dinning here. Now the pan fried is good but not worth waiting 2 hours for. The gumbo is good too but still nothing special. Overall the hype and rave of this place didn't meet expectations but I will have to come back and try more stuff but i will say it's a cool spot to get your filling if your in the mood for good ol hardy creole cooking because well there isn't many places cooking creole style food and thats what really gave this place the edge for an A-OK, but def not the hype all these yelpers are raving about.
I've been here somany time and I absolutely love the place. I always prepared myself to wait an hour before I get food but this time was unacceptable . I always got the lady server but this time I got a new server. I am not sure if he is new or he doesn't know how to do his job . I believe his name is Nick. I came to this place straight from the airport starving. I came by myself and I saw that there was a line with 8 people in front. But I saw one seat opened so I asked Nick if I can sit there and he told me he could've put 2 more chairs to seat other customers.  I kept waiting and he took along time to clean the counter. And also he sat me in the same place I requested  half an hour ago. He could've sat me there before and I'll be done already. Also he was slow in taking order tho he was not taking care of any guests that time. After he took orders from all the people who just sat down,  it took him more than 5 minutes to put in the order in micros.He was in the back helping this lady who looked like she works at a casino with her order. I think he could've put in our before he went off and doing anything else since the food takes longer to cook.. . Also the cook J.J seems very slow compare to other chefs that I encountered at oyster bars. 2 slow people working together is recipe for disaster. I was really hungry and my stomach started to hurt from hunger that I couldn't really enjoy the food when it came out.. . I wont come back here for a long time again. I am local n I love this place. I will probably come back when I m not super starving and when the lady server is here. I hope this new guy pick it up with his service.
The wait is ridiculous. Granted it was 1pm on a Saturday. If you plan it right, you'll probably not have to wait 3 hours to finish your meal. You begin to share a sense of camaraderie with those in line with you (and a bit of frustration as there are three seats open but a group of four at the head of the line). . . I got the Combo Pan Roast, medium. It was delicious and had excellent flavor. The chef behind the counter was obviously overworked and needed a break. His attempts to smile were a bit sad, but the food he produced was great. At one point he threw up his hands, walked out of the small restaurant area, walked across the casino, and disappeared for 5 minutes. This was while my food was still cooking and slowly evaporating away. I was genuinely concerned that I'd never get to eat.. . Stop by if you have some time and are willing to travel to Palace Station. Be prepared to wait at meal times and try to keep your group smaller.
Overpriced but good food. I'm sure my family liked it better than me. My daughter and BF really love seafood. They are avid seafood eaters, but we've had better.
