Margaritaville was actually pretty good. We got a lot of appetizers - the wings are insanely tasty. We also bought the 100 Oz. margarita mix for $50. *TIP* If you get it, tell them to put LESS ice. They put so much that it dilutes your drink quickly.. . The shrimp/steak was very dry. I highly recommend that you don't order it and stick to nachos + burgers. . . One thing that's great about Margaritaville are the balloon makers. They make awesome balloon designs for your party/kids - an awesome experience. They have a show where a girl slides down the volcano - it's rather dumb, but better than nothing I guess.
If you walk down the strip, you will for sure see Margaritaville.. . I have passed by this place many many times, but last week was the first time I actually went in to sit down and eat.. . If you do come here, the one thing you SHOULD order is the nachos.  This will feed a family!  It comes out in a huge tower and it really is hard to miss when the waiters bring out the platter of nachos.  They are generous with the jalapenos, guacamole, sour cream and cheese; which is why it is so worth getting!. . Andrew D. and I both ordered burgers, but sadly they were not as good.  I ordered the portobello mushroom cheeseburger and he ordered the bbq bacon cheeseburger.  His burger actually tasted better than mine.  Bacon always makes things better, doesn't it?  My portobello cheeseburger was kind of lacking taste. . . Already filled from alcohol from the night before, we also didn't get a chance to order a margarita.  However, their margarita menu is extensive and it looks like there are a lot of crazy drinks you can order.. . Service was a little too slow for me, but the waitress was really nice.  For 2 people, it will cost you around $50.  A little on the pricey side for just nachos and burgers.  However, I may come back again for just the nachos.
The jerk chicken wings are pretty great. The buffalo wings I could pass on.. . I got the French Onion burger, which was good but a bit too salty and onion-y... surprise surprise. It tasted like it was seasoned with a pack of onion soup mix.. . Boyfriend got the Hawaiian burger which he really enjoyed. I liked picking the little bits of mango off his plate.. . Fries were good enough and the margaritas were a bit weak but tasted good.. . Staff was all super nice including our waitress who was happy to recommend all kind of things for us and the girls by the door who offered to take a picture of us with the token big breasted mermaid.
This is definitely a place of novelty.. . My friend and I shared a plate of the Chicken Pasta. The portions are big enough to share. You won't feel super stuffed when you try to squeeze into your dresses for the evening! Hehe. :) The pasta was pretty good, you can also substitute the chicken for shrimp too.. . Of course, you can't go to Margaritaville without trying out their margaritas! A few of my friends ordered the Tropical Fruit Margaritas (Mango and Guava). They're on the sweeter side, but pretty yummy! Although you'd probably have to drink a couple more to get a decent buzz, haha.. . This restaurant has a sort of tiki/Hawaiian sort of atmosphere. In between our meal, the staff put on a little musical number... complete with a dancer sliding into a pool (or giant cup) of water! Even though it is a little cheesy, eating here was entertaining!
We grabbed our first meal here out of conveniance when we checked into the Flamingo.  Check with your server for drink specials. We ended up with $5 24oz beers that were from a  party that they were trying to use up.  Nachos were huge and a great snack before we wandered out on the strip fo a walk. Wife had the tortilla soup which she liked.
* Good for kids or ten years old adults.. . * Giant size NACHOS. I'm not kidding, the nachos is the size of my head combined with another person's head.. . * I had the Hawaiian type burger and it was just ok. The meat was good, but the buns got soggy really quick and they put waaaaaayyyy too much lettuce on it. The last time I check, I'm not quite a herbivore yet..... . * There are better restaurants in Vegas...I think...
Margaritaville is the Jimmy Buffet entry for Vegas.  Seems like a nice enough party joint, but get ready for a bunch of fried foods and some just "OK" margaritas. . . I was recently stationed there for a private party, which had it's own place on the very cold deck and a private bartender.  So bad and good things going for it.  . . I would say the food is ok and the drinks are ok, but you can find much better throughout Vegas.
We ordered the nachos, tortilla soup and a California chicken sandwich. We also ordered a Bahama Mama drink.. . Nachos = Good - It was  huge and very messy, very good, but nothing out of the ordinary (except for size). . Tortilla soup = good, but it was more like a chili, it actually went well with the nachos.. . Chicken sandwich = very good, came with fries. My son really enjoyed it.. . Bahama Mama: poor, the drink was small and not very tasty. I told my wife if Margarita is in the restaurant's name, then maybe she should have ordered that.. . The food was good, the service was fine. We probably wouldn't return without a groupon or other discount as the food was a little overpriced and nothing special.
Yumm.. What's better then getting a yummy margarita on a Sunday morning. I tell you, it's the breakfast of champions! . . After a adventurous night from before, my girls and I decided to take a stroll down the strip and grab a hearty breakfast to soak up all the alcohol consumed. We decided to stop by Margaritaville since I've always wanted to try this place out.  Although it was an hour wait, we didn't mind since our poor feet needed a rest from the high heels we wore the other night. . . We ordered the huge nachos, buffalo wings and to be healthy, the Asian salad and of course, a side of strawberry margarita. . All this, was able to feed 3 starving girls. We even had left overs to take back. The strawberry margarita and nachos totally hit the spot! I was in complete heaven! The salad helped wash down all the greasy fried goodness.  . . I can't wait to go back and try all the other items on the menu. I haven't found a margarita as goodas this place yet!
Y'know, I'd probably hate this place if it weren't in Las Vegas, but Jimmy's is actually kind of a nice momentary escape from the drone of clanging slot machines and flashing lights of the casinos.. . I like sitting upstairs on the outdoor deck where there's a great view of Bellagio and Caesar's. Perched at the far end of the bar under one of the "misters" with a big rum drink in hand is a small slice of Vegas heaven.. . I ordered the loaded nachos "appetizer" with a friend on a recent visit and that ended up being our appetizer, dinner and dessert as the serving was easily larger than my head! Probably the best bargain on the menu in that it can easily feed 2-3 grown men.
I've been to the location in Florida multiple times and loved their food. I was however a little disappointed by this location. The food was good but the service sucked. My bf and I waited for a good 10-15 min. before a waiter came by to take our drink orders after we were seated. Our drinks remained empty for a while before they were refilled too. When we were done eating it took a long time for the waiter to walk by to see that we were done. The music was good but really loud, we had to almost yell to hear each other. . . If you're looking for decent food but willing to hang out for a while this place would be ok but if you're looking to go in, eat, and go on with exploring Vegas I would recommend somewhere else.
A standard Margaritaville. Pretty clean, huge and drinking friendly. I especially loved the drinking deck, a patio esque area where smokers ad drunkards can watch the foot traffic just below on the strip sidewalk.
When you need a break from Vegas, try here.. . It still has Vegas prices, but you can order intelligently and save a few bucks.  The atmosphere is consistent and well-done, the beer is cold, and the food is okay.  It's not an elite restaurant, but that's kind of the point.
Loud and obnoxious, just like you'd expect it to be.  The girl sliding down the volcano is unnecessary.  . . However, the food is surprisingly delicious.  I expected gimmicky garbage food but was pleasantly surprised by the Ahi Tuna Tostada.  It was excellent.  The Cuban sandwich was good.  The Fish Sandwich is good.. . In summary, food good atmosphere bad.
The food is below average for the strip. The only reason to goto this place is to drink a cold one and watch all the hot chicks parade up and down the strip. Having said that, I love this place.
No need to search for your long lost shaker of salt here...it's right on the table! Well the service here was so-so, but the food was pretty good. I had a blackened tilapia sandwich and it was mmm good! The mashed potatoes were tasty as well. We also had a nice view on the 2nd floor patio. Now, I know it's 5 o'clock somewhere...but if only our waitress didn't take that to heart and take most of the night off, this place would get a higher rating from me. Till the next time I'm wasting away again in margaritaville, take care of yourselves...and each other.
So my parents were in town last week. When I told them I was going to write these reviews, they asked to not use their names. Guess they've read some of my other writing.. . So when I found out The Griswalds (as I lovingly refer to my parents... gold star if you know what series of movies this is from) were coming, I got all these options and places lined up, and when I asked what they were in the mood for, I got... Margaritaville.. . "Your dad likes Jimmy Buffet." -- Mrs. Griswald.. "Your mom likes margaritas." -- Mr. Griswald.. . Margaritaville is about as touristy as touristy gets. I should know, it's somewhere I went very soon after moving here. It's smack in the middle of the Strip, attached to Flamingo Hotel & Casino, so it's never not busy. It has about three different bars, and a retail store. How much Jimmy Buffet can one person handle? If I believed everything inside Margaritaville, it's five o'clock EVERYWHERE. At all times. Whether you like it or not.. . It would all be worth it if the food was amazeballs. But really it was just good. Not wow, not great, not OMG. Just good. I had a BBQ Pulled Pork sandwich and it was okay. I would have expected more barbecue sauce on a "BBQ" sandwich. My folks split a BBQ Bacon Cheeseburger and they were satisfied with it.. . But how were the margaritas? I mean it's called "Margaritaville," they must have bomb diggity fresh margaritas, right? . . They're okay. I've had better. Ricardo's has great margaritas. Hell, even TGI Friday's could compare to Margaritaville.. . I can't say it was godawful. It wasn't. But it was nothing special, aside from the facts that the Griswalds like it, and that's a-okay with me. I'm a local, so I probably won't be going back soon. But if you have tourists in town who insist on staying on the Strip, it's not a death sentence.
This place is A-OK, I sat outside and there is a good view of the strip.  The drinks were strong and staff was friendly.  It was OK
A great spot for brunch with a hangover. Really dark, soothing music, and decent grub. I tried the "Cheeseburger in Paradise" (not quite paradise, but decent). Amy wen't for the Chicken California sandwich and did much better. I enjoyed a bowl of Corn & Crab Chowder but not the $50 lunch tab. When we were waiting for our food to come out I noticed everyone was ordering massive plates of Nachos, I will do the same if I eat here again.
Pretty expensive for mediocre food and mediocre service.. . The decor is amazing though. And a lot of the other customers made our experience fun. (People watching). . We split a burger and a pasta dish. Both were good, but not amazing.. . And our margaritas? Not at all what you'd expect from a place whose name suggests they specialize in them. . They were majorly weak. Not cool.. . I don't think I will be coming back.
Margarita was not weak!  Hey you are at Margaritaville!!!  Yay me!. . My husband & I started by sharing the crab & mushroom dip with bread.  It was cheesy & good on the bread!  Yum!. . Then we decided to share the Volcano nachos!  We are both eaters but could not finish it!  Glad we shared!. . Is it 5 star food?  No but it was enjoyable, filling and in a lively environment!  We were on vacation!!!. . Entertainment was guys (ship captain, pirate) on stilts and a girl in the lime green tank.
If you are looking to get really drunk then this is a good place. Their drinks are so strong they can hit you like a ton of bricks if you are not careful.. . They can make you a margarita however you like, but if you want the good stuff i would recommend the Perfect Margarita. It is as strong as strong can be! Want kick it down a notch? Try the Pink Cadillac. That is a little tastier. If you are not a margarita person they got a good Bahama Mama and Tropical Hurricane. Those are my personal favorites everywhere I go. Prices here are a little high but alcohol content makes up for it.. . Food here isn't all that great. I would only suggest getting the nachos. You get a mountain of food that can feed up to 4 people. Add that with your drinks and you are done for the day stomach wise and wallet wise.
The nachos were delish!  The prices were CRAZY!  A couple of appetizers and an entre plus three drinks split between 4 people = over $100.  I just can't used to Vegas prices.  :( Loud party atmosphere though.
First time ever going to Vegas, my friends decided to drag me around on the first night where we to places where we could get into easily as it was already 1am. One of guys suggested margaritaville. I mean part of the reason why we went was because one of the guys in our group loves to dance with cougars to make them feel better about themselves. Personally i didn't think that there were that many there, but the margaritas were both good and strong. Not only that i got a guy to buy me a drink.  Go me!. . Then again if the place is called Margaritaville, i do expect good margaritas. . . Weird music, not really danceable but we had a good time regardless.
Food was good and the service was friendly. I would visit again!
If you are looking to pay no cover, dress casual, and get really drunk on The Strip, then this is the place for you.. . On our first night in Vegas we didn't have big plans, especially since some of our group was coming from work, so we decided to have a chill, yet drunken, night out. Margaritaville was the perfect spot for this and catered to everyone in our group. . . Margaritaville is a huge, spacious, restaurant and bar. There is a huge dance floor and a stage for the band - who were playing some typical bar music - lots of Journey and 80's music. We found a table and ordered a round of kamikazi's and a couple daquiris, which altogether cost about $80 - still pretty expensive even though it's a casual bar, but hey it's Vegas. . . This is a fun place to start the night out but by no means is it the destination. I love bars just as much as the next person, but there wasn't anything about this place that wow'd me enough to come back. Did the job, though!
We had lunch here one day and drinks here two nights (because we stayed at the Flamingo and wanted someplace easy to stumble home from).. . The frozen drinks are out of this world. I venture to guess I gained about 5 pounds alone just drinking the Wildberry Coladas. They were perfect. Decent selection of beer and they also serve 48oz Margaritas in a cup that looks like a blender. I hear they're $40, so I passed. . . They have a nice little area to stand just outside of the bar and watch people pass by on the Strip below. I enjoyed doing that with a Wildberry Colada or two. Or three. I can't remember.. . The food is good bar food. It didn't knock my socks off, but it was good. I had the fish tacos which come served with rice pilaf, cheese, guacamole, salsa and shredded lettuce. I think they fit well with the theme of the place. My husband had a chicken sandwich which he had with onion rings which were the size of frisbees. Almost. . . We'll definitely go back for the drinks. With so many amazing choices of food on the Strip, we may not go back for a meal, but we'll definitely go back for some booze in the blender.
Good Food. Ok service.  First let me say we sat in the bar, because of my sister.  Not what I would have done.  Since i don't drink.  So since its a bar its very loud...  full of people drinking and running around..  Ok I know it supposed to be that way.  Las Vegas is for party people and drunks so if your in that group go now...  Otherwise go some where in Boulder City or not Vegas.
I had dinner here when I was staying at the Flamingo... they're conveniently attached to each other. . . It's a chain, in Vegas, attached to a hotel/casino so you can expect the prices to be slightly higher.  But it wasn't too too bad.. . The nacho grande platter was great! We got 2 for the table and they were definitely the highlight of the food for us.  I got a burger that was good, not thrilling, but good.  The fries had nice seasoning.  And the bartender definitely knew how to pour a good, strong drink.  . . The atmosphere is very cool.  They had a few big screens playing random Buffett concerts and one of them was over a stage, so I assume on some nights they do some sort of live show.. . Overall I had a very decent experience.  Nothing spectacular, but there were no glaring negatives either.
This place is a bit of freak show. Picture your neighbours down the street - the ones who park their car on their lawn next to the old bathtub and parade around in black socks and sandals with Hawaiian shirts open to the bellybutton. Now imagine what kind of restaurant they would probably own... whatever you imagined is probably something like Jimmy Buffett's Margaritaville Cafe.. . The place is loud, music videos always playing on the big screen, most of which are live performances by Jimmy Buffett in his Bermuda shorts and flip-flops, and it can be difficult to have a conversation. We had to holler our order at the server. At one point in the evening, we were all interrupted to watch a blonde chick in a pink bikini ride down a water slide into a giant cocktail glass which was followed by a short dance routine by people in costumes on stilts telling us to put our hands in the air. Seriously. When I'm at a restaurant, I don't want to put my hands in the air, I want to eat and be left alone.. . Which reminds me, they serve food too. I had the sirloin steak which was disappointing. It was really thin and kind of tasteless. It was about as thick as a slice of toast. Not worth the $22. It was like something that would come in a TV dinner. I'm probably spoiled living in western Canada with all of our great Alberta beef. Yum. Shortly after the meal, my stomach felt upset. Could be a coincidence.. . We just wanted to get out of there after our meal. I felt like we were intruding on some secret society or cult and I justwanted to give them back their privacy. I'm giving Margaritaville two stars for the food and four stars for the decor. They really are unique, I'll give them that. Not my kind of place.
Let's just get this out of the way right now, the nachos rock & that's pretty much the main reason I continue to go back. I like to get an order of them once per Vegas trip.. . I came here with a group of almost 15 people. I CALLED the day before to see if I could make some kind of reservation & was told that I needed to talk to group sales, but they weren't going to be back until the next day, so I could leave a message. I left my message basically just saying we were expecting a group of 15-25 people at 6pm the next night, could we reserve a table, or if there wasn't  a table large enough, at least a section of tables near eachother? I got a call back the next day (day that we were planning on GOING) at about 10AM saying, "No, you can reserve anything, just walk in whenever you get here" Okay, but I can't even hold a section of tables for such a large group? Apparently not.. . We get there before 6 and explain the situation. They tell me the best they can do is a table for 10 in 30 mins, or some tables of 5 that aren't near each other. Neither worked. We decided to try the back bar which was totally EMPTY and had about 20 stools, so we took it over. . . We started ordering the giant margaritas with the spouts, volcano nachos, etc. People started showing up late and ordering various other things. A couple hours later the main guy that had been supplying us told me that he was getting off, so could we cash out now...even though we weren't done. I told him I guessed we could, but was rather irritated at this. They also added on gratutity, which was weird since he wa just a bartender, but whatever, it's fine. He didn't bother to ever ask or bring up the bill situation. It was clear there were a ton of people, but he just kept adding things onto MY bill, so at the end I had a $400 bill to try and break up between 20 different people. Great. I guess we must have eventually figured it out because they didn't chase us down the strip screaming STEALERS!!. . End points: not great customer service for large groups, the huge margaritas were really bad this time....not enough tequila and the mix was SO strong it burned my throat, nachos are delicious (and always will be), I still will always go here b/c it's such a fun/cool place and the nachos are amazing, but would not attempt to gather a large group here again.. The end.
I have been here a couple of times. I will say off the bat. The margaritas are really Good. Lots of different flavors to choose from. And all at a decent price. Food is pretty good. And the location can't be missed. Right on the strip.. . Their nachos are super huge. And can probably feed a group of three or four. On weekends they usually have live bands playing. Which is cool if your into the type of music their playing. It's best to go early. The wait for a table can be pretty long. All in all not bad. And worth a visit. It can get expensive so pay attention to what you order.
We came here as my birthday lunch while we were in Vegas celebrating my birthday, our drink was pretty watered down but that may have been because we let it sit. The food seemed to take a long while to get to us, but it was delicious. Our server was friendly, but again our service was very slow.. . I'd eat here again though, maybe it was just a busy busy time. Plus its a pretty popular location in Vegas. Maybe service is always slow. Who know, but the food was good.
Our waiter was great giving us suggestions on the best things to order- which were the burgers and the house margarita.  My husband tried the burger and it was very good.  The Margaritas were also very good.  I ordered the taco salad and it was OK but nothing special. Next time I will have a burger.. .
Everyone knows the name and this place is kind of cool with an hourly slide down the mountain into a margarita pitcher. The food comes in huge portions so don;t order too much or you will be taking some home. The drinks are very good but a little overpriced. The strip now has all kinds of places offering yards of mixed drinks at a good price, why pay the same price for only a cup here. It is worth the novelty once but I would look elsewhere.
If you are age 35+ and older, enjoy rock music, or enjoy mediocre margaritas, this place is for you! . . The blended frozen Pina Colada Margarita that comes in a collectible blender was really good. The food was boring. I prefer Fat Tuesday's for dranks!
Great place to grab a drink on the strip.  We went there on Friday night and it was Packed.  The crowd is 30+ and older.  The bartender was very friendly and the drinks are great.
Great atmosphere and service, however, the food left a ton to be desired. Please do not serve fish tacos with previously frozen tilapia...you may claim it is fresh, but farm raised fish seldom comes fresh and the texture showed it! Most people in Vegas are typically from somewhere in California and know what a true fish taco should be. For $16, you really ought to to put something better on the menu. If I need a spot to get a drink, this is it. If I need a spot for dinner, I am definitely going somewhere else...UPDATE - I am actually going to amend my review to a higher star due to the fact that the owner reached out to me as a result of my review and displayed a true concern over the experience. I will definitely try them again. The biggest reason? They clearly care about the level of their food and quality of the experience.
Since we stayed at the Flamingo, this was an easy choice to dine at. If you love Jimmy Buffet (which we do not), this place is definitely for you. Otherwise, it is just okay. Their drinks were nice and stiff. The bartenders were especially cool and a lot of fun. They did not offer many things in the gluten free area, so this limited my dining options. I did eat breakfast there several times. The corned beef hash and bacon were good. The boatmeal was good and came with a huge bowl of berries. My favorite was the nachos. The nacos were overloaded and would easily serve four people. I highly recommend stopping in just to check it out. Their casino was fun. They steer you through their retial shop and casino to exit. Also, be sure to get a seat on their massive patio. Awesome weather and people watching!
Always busy, we hit this place to start our Vegas vacation. We have to go thru the gift shop to see the latest in Parrothead couture!. . Oh, yeah, the food. It's okay.
My aunt is a Parrothead so we went here for her birthday.  My sister and I weren't feeling that great after some bad food at Buca di Beppo earlier in the day so we just ordered soup and salad.  The tortilla soup tasted like those Taco Bell seasoning packets, but it helped settle my stomach a little.  The salad was worse, the lettuce was dry and stale so neither of us ate it.  Also, we had a reservation for "VIP seating" but we still had to wait 20 minutes and the table was just like any other table in the middle of the place.  However - my aunt had a blast enjoying the Jimmy Buffett music videos and her birthday balloon hat, so that's why I give it 3 stars.
Been here a handful of times since it opened. It has always been good, but the new has definitely worn off. At first, it was fun checking out all the decorations, the boat booths, the volcano, etc. While I still think the food is good, I'd like to see them change up the menu or add to it. I'm sure they've made some changes, but it's hardly noticeable. I had a pulled pork sandwich this time which I've had before. They now serve it open faced and put two onion rings on it. The onion rings were great, but it's still the same sandwich. This seems to be the way they've changed things up. I'm not positive, but I think I remember the drinks coming in actual glasses instead of the plastic cups they were served in on this visit. I can understand that sometimes drunks shouldn't be given glass, but at this particular time, I didn't see any reason to think that the crowd would get out of hand, and I hate drinking out of plastic cups. It's not a keg party. I'm sure they can do plenty of business with only first time customers, but I'm running out of reasons to come back when there are new restaurants opening in Vegas every week. The food doesn't stand out enough to keep people returning, it's the theme. I guess it's still better than many of the other casual dining tourist traps on the strip. I AM a Jimmy Buffett fan, and Margaritaville is a great brand. I have been to and enjoyed their restaurants in many cities. I just hope it doesn't get too stale like a Hard Rock Cafe or Planet Hollywood restaurant. Obviously in Vegas, it's much more difficult to keep up with all the competition.
People great. Turkey burger lousy. Taco salad very good. Nachos huge. Top shelf margarita awesome. Great place for a casual lunch at a reasonable price (for Vegas).
I wasnt as impressed as I'd hoped to be when going to this place. First off, the quality of food is not worth the price that it's set at. We ordered nachos, shrimp, a cocktail and a beer and my bill was over $60.00.. but that's what you have to expect while eating on the strip. The service was good, but it was too loud to hold a conversation and the waitress literally sits down and hunches toward you in order to hear what you'd like to order. The coconut shrimp dish was not to my liking, but if you come here you should order the nachos, they are super tasty. If youre gonna spend the cash and wait to be seated might as well go somewhere else with a larger variety menu. Had an okay time but I dont think I will revisit the resturaunt.
This is a lot of food!  My friends were raving about this place and how much they liked it and how affordable it was last time they were here and it really was pretty good.  I had the fish tacos and one of my friends had the seafood mac and cheese and she was CRAZY about it!  It was a little bit pricier than I would have liked but it's Vegas, I didn't expect cheap.  I mean, honestly, for how much I paid, I expected something a little bit more tasty but it wasn't bad.  Just a little bland but maybe I should just stay away from the fish tacos next time.
I heard that the Huevos Rancheros here were really good and I was not disappointed.  The service was great as well.  My only complaint was the weak drinks.  I ordered an 8 dollar bloody mary and it did not seem to have any alcohol.   My wife's Margarita was the same way.   I went to the bar just to watch the Saturday morning bartender pour drinks.  He would only put in half a shot in each drink he made to, I guess, save money.   I heard two other patrons complaining about weak drinks as well.  My experience was otherwise great here, good food.
This is a good place for a meal and entertainment for adults. We went with a large group and they took good care of us. It was fairly loud,but that's part of the environment. Its right on the strip and they have a large selection of food. I would like to think of this place as a rainforest cafe for adults, in a way because there were people sliding down slides and yelling and singing every so often as animals do at rainforest cafe. That being said, its not a kid friendly place(That is why I only gave it 3 stars)., but it is Las vegas. Its good for adults,but I did see several kids while there. I had fun while there, but I would probably not choose to go to it again until I am over the age of 21.
I went here for the first time in May, 2012.  I had the fish tacos and a perfect margarita, which was one of the best I've had.  The prices were decent for Vegas.  I would def go back!
My fiance and I came here for the nachos!! Read so much about them on here and they were good. Had real nacho cheese on them. I also ordered the taco salad which I loved the actual shell. It was delicious. Nice and soft flour tortilla. Our waitress was nice. My only complaint was my fiance was setting next to me and we could barely hear each other over the loud music. Other then that if we ever come back to Vegas again we will deff stop by for the nachos!!
Margaritaville is great for what it is:  the physical manifestation of Jimmy Buffett's songs and life.  I sort of have a special place in my heart for a few of those songs, my dad listened to Jimmy Buffett all the time during my formative years.   However, after watching Buffett videos for 45 minutes during lunch, I have come to the realization that I am slightly creeped out by Jimmy Buffett.  Not sure exactly why, but I am.  . . Anyway, the food was good enough, exactly what you would expect from a big box, semi corporate kinda place.  I got the perfect margarita and it was great.  Super strong, not sweet at all.  Dont get it if you want a traditional margarita, my friend got one and tearing up as he choked it down.  I like the taste of tequila, so I loved it.
Margaritaville is definitely a tourist spot, you can get a free entree if you use one of the coupons from the Vegas booklet. . . The restaurant is located inside the Flamingo Hotel and is about 3 floors high with 4 bar areas. There are performers in stilts that go around from tale to table making balloon animals and other fun things for kids and patrons. I thought they would pass our table by but I was glad when they stopped by. . . For dinner I had the ribs and french fries, a common thing that I order a touristy spots, and it was a good choice. We both ordered their margaritas and that's when I realized you can walk around with an open container so we took the unfinished drinks to go.
We had the second floor as part of a dinner a client was throwing. They were generous with the liquor and considering this client I was grateful for that.. . The appetizers were good and the pulled pork was delicious but it was CRAZY LOUD.. . It was scream across the table and barely be understood kind of loud.. . It was "I wish they'd turn it from from building shaking to just ear splitting" kind of loud.. . It was just give up and write notes on a napkin kind of loud.. . If you're deaf and have been looking for a place where everyone else is just like you....You just found it.
I've always liked Margaritaville as a port in a touristy storm.  I know I can come in and get a good drink and listen to some really good music.  The food is so-so.  My husband and I stopped in on 9/1 and shared the combo fajitas.  They weren't sizzling when they came to the table, but the flavor was alright.  They seemed to me like they had been sitting in a warmer tray or something, but what do you expect when the place is packed?  They can't cook each one to order or it would take forever.  We also had a side of 3 coconut shrimp which were a greasy little treat.  I don't eat much fried food, but I did enjoy my 1 1/2 shrimp.  . . The drinks were great as always and Jimmy on the big screen was great escapism from the crowded chaos of The Strip.  I was impressed with the hostesses up front who have to manage the flow of traffic coming in that joint.  People don't pay any attention and just walk on up to the dining room when they need to check in with the hostess first, and there was always someone there to guide them in the right direction whether it was back to the hostess or on to one of the 4 bars.  Our server was very friendly and on time with refills & the check.  I'd definitely go back.
Friend of min es wanted to eat and drink somewhere on The Strip.. She had mentioned this place and since I hadn't even been, I was kinda excited to try it.. . First off, parking at Flamingo sucks. Call me spoiled but, I guess, I'm used to bigger lots and stalls. It was kind of scary looking for parking in such a compacted space.. . Second, it was a pain to walk to the restaurant because it's so far from the parking lot. We had to walk through the whole casino and then, through Margaritaville Casino....yes, they have their own casino!. . As soon as we walked in, I was surprised at how big this place was. Friends that we were meeting said that it's THREE stories tall. WOW, doesn't seem that big from the street.. . It was very busy as it was Saturday night but, we found a seat by the bar area. The waiter was friendly and recommended some drinks for us to start with. I ended up getting the License to Chill...it was such a pretty blue when I got it. Very refreshing AND strong so, that was a bonus!. . The taco salad my friend got was huge and, shockingly, didn't seem that fattening. More refreshing than anything.. My crab, shrimp, and mushroom dip was good. Came with garlic bread but, I liked it better with chips. Btw, the garliv bread was more like garlic Texas toast =)
we had a private party on the 2nd floor & the staff was great!! 3.5 stars. . ----FROZEN MARGARITAS! of course.. its MARGARITAVILLE!! you can get them w/ flavors & even mix flavors! (guava's not bad but a bit sweet) ORIGINAL is the way to go!. ---Fried chicken wingsw/ honey mustard sauce were nice & crispy!. ---spring rolls: not bad for a "mexican" joint. ---mini cheeseburgers: the buns weren't the best, but the patties were cooked well. . had a blast!! wouldn't mind coming back for some finger foods & margaritas
Great atmosphere! Wish the Outside Upper Deck were open on a more consistent basis.
Some call it a tourist trap..  Maybe they're right.  Been here about 5 times when I didn't live out here.  Since I moved here, been here only once.  Yep, I was trapped. . . Food is okay, nothing to brag about.  However, their Volcano Nachos is probably the best nachos on the strip.  Only came our here for the nachos and drinks.  . . You get some entertainment while you're here.  Once the song "Cheeseburger in Paradise" comes on the party starts.  All the excitement last about 15 minutes.  Not bad and it really can be entertaining.  However, after about an hour and seeing the same routine 3 times, it get's a bit old.  . . Not a bad place to have a few drinks.  But for food, not my first pick in the area.
Ah Jimmy Buffett---sort of your parents' Sammy Hagar.. This place runs expensive, and it took a long time to get served due to seemingly failing to have a host on staff from the direction we came in (later on, after they held my left-behind credit card kindly for me and when I returned for it, I realized the host dwells in a different location to enter in). Looking for a really cheap meal, we had the volcano nachos which was just such an excessive amount of food, probably fit for 5 people, so make sure you bring at least 3 people or the prices won't make sense. You're supposed to get drinks here, but their items seemed pricey so we skipped the drinks. Am I missing something about the Jimmy Buffett dynasty that makes the menu so expensive? I guess you're supposed to buy the drinks so that you can eat that quantity of food huh? . Inside there is non-stop video footage of the fun-times man himself on his namesake island in Florida...all around a good place to hang if this kind of thing makes you nostalgic, not really my kind of thing, but I won't knock it for that. I guess, if anything, Jimmy Buffett reminds me of sing-alongs in grade school and the way your parents envisioned the "good life". At any rate, the nachos were filling, so mission accomplished.
I wish I could write a more detailed review for Margaritaville but because of two reasons, I cannot; 1. I visited more than three months ago and the details have begunto escape me and 2. I can't say I was completely sober at the time... it's Vegas! But I can confirm it was a great time!. . The interior is awesome, I loved walking through the rocky structure to get to our table. It's a whirlwind of color and sound once you're seated, there's so much going on around you. I couldn't hear a damn thing my friends at the table were saying but whatever. I remember enjoying my drinks and food (what did I order?! darn inebriated memory) and especially the pirate/mermaid act where the mermaid shimmys and slides into the margarita glass.. so fun!. . Despite it being crazy busy, our waitress was awesome, too. We'll be back next time we're on the Strip.
been here a twice on 2 separate trips. Food is good. Service was average. Noise so loud that i couldn't take to the person sitting 2ft from me.
Not bad, but not great. . . They have a small little area for you to order your margarita (for on the go), and the general bar area. . . Good amount of options. I've tried the strawberry one before..it's..strawberry. Yesterday I tried the raspberry..bleck. It was like, a strange sour taste. . . Bf got the cadillac, and said it was kind of narsty. . . All in all, it's a cool place to hang and chill (though that's what we didn't do.). . When I went last year, there were tons of olllldd men tryna holler at young girls from the balcony thang that they have..uhm, no.
Very touristy. 8ft guys handing out balloon animals-a little creepy to me, but hey what happens in Vegas right?  Every time the 10ft screen starts showing Jimmy Buffet start to play a bleach blond comes out in a beachy getup and starts to...hula/margaritaville polka dance. Work with me here I'm trying my best to give you the full ambiance of what you get for your $ here. Did NOT care for the premixed margaritas but their bartenders do know their way around a bar if you ask them to make one of your favorites.
Very casual.  Sit anywhere, the menus are on the table and eventually the server will show up.  She was friendly as all the staff was.. . Good selection of foods, on the high side of prices for a casual restaurant.. . I ordered the chili with a side salad.. . The chili came out warm. I had to send it back but when it did come back it was very hot, good and a big bowl.. My salad never came, but that was good since the chili was enough. I was expecting a small bowl of chili for the price but it was bigger than I thought. Yes, I did mention  it was pricy but not the chili everyone else's food.. . My wife ordered the fish tacos. She said they were good and they came with a side of chili too. . . Drinks were good. The atmosphere is party and fun.. . Overall a casual sit down place to hang and have a light lunch or snacks.
Service staff is on island time, good luck finding them.. . The fermenting stench from a  garbage can dominated the air above our table. . . The only seating for breakfast was in the open air deck with no cooling apparatuses. Nothing like greeting the Las Vegas morning desert sun with a cup of hot coffee at your table.
This place is ok. Live music but no very many people and strawberry margarita was ok..
The food and margaritas are both a huge disappointment for me here... I went to different Margaritavilles in different states and this location is by far the worst. My friends and I ordered uptown margarita, last mango in paris margarita, tropical fruit margarita and perfect margarita. We all agreed that drinks weren't good, they contained very small amount of alcohol and come in regular drinking cups; not the margarita glasses.. .  For appetizers, we ordered spinach artichoke dip and for my entree, I had the Jimmy's Jammin Jambalaya. The food is not great at all, BUT service makes up for everything. We had a fantastic waiter and interesting live entertainment. There's a mini show happening every 30 min-1 hour. There's two guys and one lady on walking stilts singing and a blondie dancing around. The finale is when she slides down a volcano into a huge cup of margarita at the bar section. I bet she changes into 15-20 bikinis a day!!!! Poor thing.. When they're not performing, they're crafting balloons for everyone. They made a bow and arrow for me. It was my friend's birthday so they made her a crown  with two hearts and the sign 21 on it. They're super funny and entertaining! Love it!
Margaritaville was exactly as expected. There are kitchy acts going on that keep the energy up and there is always something to look at while you are eating. The food was good - not great - but solid. It was especially good after a long night of drinking. I didn't order any drinks but I did get an appetizer and a burger. Both were very tasty. But even now that I am thinking back on the meal I can't remember exactly what I ate. Not a good sign! But I do remember being full and happy when I left. The only downside is that our final bill came to over $50 and for two burgers, an app and no drinks, that was pretty crazy. I get that it's Las Vegas, but still, I was surprised! I would like to go back and try the drinks and see if they live up to the hype!
Margaritaville was exactly what I expected- a chain restaurant on the strip that serves applebees style food for a slightly higher price. Atmosphere here and layout of the restaurant is interesting in a good way. Visited with 3 friends and sat out on the patio for lunch on a weekday. It was a chilly day, so the heaters on the patio would have come in handy, but the one near us did not appear to be working. On to the menu.... . After looking at the menu, I had some questions for the server. They were honest about the food, which I always really appreciate. The honesty included this- don't get the fish tacos, they are bad. I don't remember if that's an exact quote, but close enough. I ended up ordering the Caribbean chicken salad, which was fresh and exactly what I was looking for. Definitely a meal sized salad, so if you don't like left overs you may want to ask for a half-portion. I believe my friends ordered burgers and were happy with their choices overall. . . This place is the definition of A-OK. Standard food, fast service, and a convenient location.
Margaritaville has always been one of my go-to breakfast spots in Vegas. On my last trip, however, I was with a (too large) group of girls and we didn't make it in time for breakfast. I was disappointed but decided that lunch was worth a try. Glad we stayed and dined. I ordered the seafood bisque and caesar salad along with a bahama mama. Both food and drink were delicious and fairly reasonable (price-wise) by Vegas standards. The review would have been a 4 but the service was off-it was very friendly, but we spent a lot of time waiting and it wasn't really busy. . . I will certainly be back on future trips.
Wasted away...in Margaritaville.  Was searchin' for a good time and all I found was drunk folk!  Some people claim there is Sin City to blame, but I know...it was all Jimmy Buffett's fault!. . TOURIST.  TRAP.  In the middle of the desert.  Mr. Buffett, you have no shame!  But this lack of shame (and the act of being high & lazy most of the time) has made you a very rich man.  You're rich, B!+ch!  Your tropical concoction of a so-called restaurant called Margaritaville is definitely to blame.  You and Kenny Chesney doing a duet anytime soon?  I will be sure to rock my big-rimmed cowboy hat, a tight tank-top, Bermuda shorts, some sandals, and my ukulele.  I want in on some of that moolah you make by pandering to your beloved 'Parrot Heads'.. . Seriously, Margaritaville is like the tropics gone loco!  It's like Nathan Drake of Uncharted fame crash landed on a deserted island run by...um...Jimmy Buffett.  Damn, couldn't find a better metaphor!  This place is like a mish-mash of tropical and kitsch all rolled into one!  It's akin to being in on one of Jimmy's LSD induced hallucinations.  Although thinking about it, that might have been the goal.  Margaritaville is probably the place you want to be if you love island living (I'm from Maui but geez this is stretching it), think that all island-dwellers wear brightly colored Aloha shirts all times of the day (most of us actually run around shirtless with spears and use ti leaves as cloth diapers), and have no sense of time (actually, most of us Filipinos don't have a sense of time).  Also, if you love the song 'Margaritaville' you will probably love hanging out at Margaritaville.  I swear, for the hour we were there eating dinner, we heard the song play at LEAST 5 times!  Insane!  And yes, each time there was a bikini-clad woman sliding down a gigantic margarita glass-shaped slide into a pool below.  Drunk, frisky men were in awe (I might have been a little bit in awe as well but that was out of respect for the bikini-clad woman...a real gentleman gives credit where credit is due).. . Margaritaville was quite the experience.  Upon being greeted at the host stand, we were showed to another host stand downstairs.  Now for me, this is where the night started.  It is normal to be greeted by an African-American teen, sure.  But being greeted by an African-American teen with, "Yo dawg, how you doin'?  Four?  Right this way." while dressed in khaki shorts, a bright turquoise Aloha shirt with parrots on it, and sporting a bit of a gangsta lean?  Kinda hilarious.  It was a bit like being shown to your table by one of the members of the Wu Tang Clan.  In the middle of the tropics.  But hey, who am I to judge?  A kid's gotta eat.. . However, we literally were sat right in the middle of the entire restaurant!  It felt like each table around us was like 10 feet away.  Luckily our server was nice, but a tad on the unattentive side mainly because...we were seated 10 feet away from everyone else.  It's like she had to make a mini trek to get to our table.  . . The kids were amused with Margaritaville for all of 10 minutes.  Ooh, an airplane!  Ahh, a slide!  Ooo, palm trees!  After that, eh.  Then all the questions.  "Why is it so noisy in here?"  "How come those people are laughing so loud?"  "Why are they playing this song AGAIN?"  "There are lots of salt shakers here.  How did they lose it?"  I don't know kids, I don't know.  Go back to drinking your margaritas.  . . The food at Margaritaville is interesting in concept, but I think the execution comes out as MEH.  Really on the average side.  We came here mainly because the kids wanted to share a round of Margaritaville's famous Volcano Nachos.  This $16 behemoth really did resemble a small volcano!  Ginormous!  Easily could feed 5 people with a mound of tortilla chips topped with chili, cheese, guacamole, sour cream, jalapenos, tomatoes, and green onions.  But honestly, anyone can make nachos.  They tasted okay, but not the best nachos I've ever had.  Chili kinda tasted store bought.  Biggest peeve?  I hate when I have too many nacho chips but not enough cheese!  This volcano of a nacho pile had hardly any cheese when you hit the middle!  If I wanted plain chips I would have asked for plain chips.  It's like that one guy at McDonald's who makes your soft serve cone in a swirl with a big pocket of air in the middle.  Bastard!  . . Rest of the food there?  Overpriced!  Come on, $13 for a cheeseburger?  $20 for coconut shrimp?  It's expensive to live in paradise!  Not much different fare than your local chain restaurant.  But the drinks do look tasty.  Besides Volcano Nachos we ended up just ordering two cheeseburgers off the kids menu.  Nothing special.. . Margaritaville is open daily, 365 days a year for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  Just the way you would figure a crazy island in the tropics.  You can have your island fever fix just about any time of the day.  Just don't forget your sunglasses and your SPF 5000.  It's still Vegas after all!
Las Vegas isn't really the idea place to come to Margaritaville. This place lacks the awesome ambiance that you can find in the Caribbean spots. Drinks are small and expensive, and the food is so-so.. .  Would have all been better if they hadn't thrown in a 10% extra tax for the band playing. Listen to a mediocre band, and $9 beers became $10 beers, magically. They expect that you are quite aware of this quirk before you sit down, or else it's a nice little surprise when the receipt comes.
The nachos were HUGE they were pretty good. The margaritas are really good and have a nice kick.
The price is right. Bring your appetite.. . I was on a semi-diet while on spring break in Vegas, so I had the grilled chicken ceasar salad. It was good and filling. One of my friends had the avocadoturkey burger, which she said was pretty good. My other friend had the chicken quesadilla. They gave her so much that she gave one slice to me, because my salad didn't fill me up. That's what I get for trying to be on a diet in Vegas.. . We tried to order margaritas with the bottle of Corona beer in it, but they said they couldn't serve that much alcohol to one person. Something about a law... We could order the drinks separately, but where's the fun in that? I ended up having ginger ale. They had Coronas. . . Go hungry. Leave happy. The price is right.
Fun place, especially for happy hours.  They do make a good margaritta, the servings are very big, especially the nachos.  Hamburgers are good.  . --RibChamp
Great food and drinks but we didn't like the staff very much. The waitress, Jeana, was rude and when we set up the reservation for the group the neglected to tell us they could only split it four ways. We needed about eight separate checks so it was a bit of a pain for everyone to figure out who to give money to and share a check with.
Ate lunch here with low expectations since a lot of these celebrity/hollywood themed places turn out sucky.. It actually was pretty good.  I had a shrimp salad and my wife had burger and they both were pretty good.  The margaritas (as you would hope) were very good.. While I wouldn't go out of my way to eat/drink here, its definitely a good place to stop in for a bite while walking the strip.
This place wasn't bad for a chain restaurant, never been to one of these, wouldn't go back, but it served its purpose in Vegas.  One of those places you go when you fly in and don't get into your hotel until after midnight and don't know your way around the Strip.  We stayed on the strip at Bally's and this place was in the Flamingo.  I'm not a Buffet fan,m so it didn't have my appeal but my lady said they had good margaritas and they did.  WE both had burgers and gotta say, pretty good.  This place was pretty loud and raucous, felt kinda like being at a frat party down south in Tennessee with a cover band cranking out today's biggest hits.  Our tab came to about 52 bucks for two burgers and two drinks total.  The service was surprisingly good for being as loud and crowed and crazy as it was.
I have been here a few times, but this review is for my most recent visit. Let me say that I like coming here because of the relaxed and fun atmosphere. I have sat in both the bar area and the restaurant area. Last time I came here, I ordered a burger which was great, and a side Caesar salad which I had to ask the person who brought our food to our table for since it seems like the waitress didn't put it in my order. I was really disappointed with my salad and didn't even really eat it because the lettuce was soggy :-( . I don't know why my salad was like this because I've ordered one every other time I have come here and it has never been gross. Whoever made my salad should have paid better attention to it. Also, our waitress only came to our table twice: once to take our order, and then again to drop off the check. I was disappointed that I never got any refill on my water considering it was over 100 degrees outside that day. I felt like the tables around us were getting such better service. Being a local, it might be weird that I have been here so often, but I'm not sure when I will be back since I really don't like bad service and wilted , soggy lettuce in my salad, yuck!
After 20-something trips to Vegas and not visiting this super convenient popular strip. Institution, I finally visited margaritaville in my last stay at Caesars...twice!  Once for breakfast and once for dinner.. . For breakfast: I decided to go for the 'griddle combo', which was basically every breakfast food you can imagine on your plate, for $15...French toast and regular toast...in the same meal!...anyways it was a ton of carbs, my over medium eggs came out over (very) hard.  I don't think I would come back here for breakfast, but it did hit the spot after a few too many drinks the night before.. . For dinner: I ended up getting a burger for dinner and a margarita on the rocks.  This was a much better meal than the breakfast one and considering we were sitting on a patio overlooking the heart of main part of the strip very reasonably priced.  The margarita was definitely the highlight.  Looking back I probably should've tried something a little more adventurous than a burger (jerk chicken? Seafood Mac & cheese?).
A great spot for drunk touristas and gullible locals. I have a hard and fast rule; I don't eat at places that allow, much less encourage the patrons to wear balloon hats. They have staff on stilts and the music is obnoxious. That being said, the food isn't bad. Seafood mac and cheese is killer, and who ,does not like a shot of tequila or five? If you don't mi d a circus like atmosphere, drunk touristas, and aren't scared of balloons give it a try. Tell em Jimmy sent you!
Chain in Vegas. Food was OK, service was quick at the bar.
Eh... Its really cool looking, food is good, a little over priced.. Crappy happy hour.. Its an okay experience.. Waitress was a little overwhelmed and not so happy.. I probably wouldn't go back for there $10 little margaritas.. They weren't bad but I wasn't impressed..
The food was ok.  It's like your typical beach restaurant.  The one dish that I really liked was their coconut shrimp.  I could gobble up a plate full of that stuff like there's no tomorrow!
First actual place on our drinkingtour (post bachelorette party) of the Boulevard was Margaritaville.. . We had originally wanted to sit at one of the bars, but apparently Sunday afternoons while football is on and it's beautiful outside makes for a hard time to get two spots. . . So we got classic margaritas from the small to-go bar, and wandered on our way. It was easy, fresh, quick, and the bartenders were super nice and non-Las Vegasy. . . We chatted in line with a big dude who was talking football and making our drinks extra special. Why hate on the tourist trap (because that's what the restaurant really is), when the tender pours an extra shot in each drink. Sign me up.
Margaritaville is a perfect fit for Las Vegas: a loud, tacky, Caribbean-themed bar and restaurant.  Considering what it is and where it is, however, the food, drinks, and prices here aren't too bad-- and the place is actually kinda fun (if you can stomach Jimmy Buffet).. . I ordered a Cuban sandwich (roasted pulled pork, ham, mustard, Swiss cheese, and pickles, served with fries: $12.99) and a "Fins to the Left" cocktail (margarita with some blue shit in it, on the rocks: $9.50).  The service was on the slow side, not unexpected considering how busy the place was.  . . At one point, the house lights dimmed and thunder, lightning, and other theatrical elements throughout the restaurant announced the beginning of several "live" singing and dancing performances of classic Buffet tunes.  Oh, boy.
I  was in town for a meeting and group of us was looking for a place we could all have dinner together. The servers at Margaritaville made it happen. They were super friendly and accommodating, especially considering they were dealing with a group of 15 people. The orders were taken and delivered  prompt and efficient manner without sacrificing friendliness or personality. The food was similar to other margaritaville restaurants I've been too. It was consistently ok. Not amazing, not terrible. Just ok. The drinks however, were wonderful.
So with all the places to eat in Vegas, how did this Yelper end up at a chain? Well, let's just say it wasn't my choice :)  We also had some timing issues, as we were about to go to a show.  . .     Busy Tuesday night, but we got right in, probably because we didn't care where we sat, which was a good thing, because we were given a table with little to no view of the "show".  But that's what legs are for...standing up and moving to where you CAN see the show.  (something I did, but Husband didn't, which was his loss as it was cute entertainment that involved a gal in a bikini, water, splashing and guys on stilts). .     We were definitely away from the balloon hat guy also.  And away from quick service and drink refills, but not too bad.. .     Not starving, we decided to share a Caesar Salad and the Triple Decker Club.  (Husband was in need of something pretty plain).   And that's what we got.  Plain.  The salad tasted like one of those plastic bag "kits" you can buy at the grocery store.  . The sandwich was decent.
A must stop for us every time we're in Vegas.  I always get the Island Lime Cooler and the Stranded on a Sandbar (both are no longer onthe drink menu but the bartenders can still make them).  My fiance sticks with his perfect margarita - it's basically a tequilla martini. lol  . . Beware the nachos (in a good way)!  They can feed an entire army.  And if that wasn't enough, you can add chicken/steak to them too.  . . IMO, the menu lacks some quality and variety, but I mostly come here for the drinks.  . . Very disappointed that they no longer do the shows or play videos of Jimmy Buffet concerts.  Boooo.. dropped my rating to a 3 because of this.
Never been to this place, never heard of it. Head of Margaritaville thanks to Jimmy Buffet but I never knew there was a restaurant until I came to Las Vegas. We started off with drinks; I got my wife a "Perfect Margarita" which was very strong on the liquor and the price. Yet, if you can get buzzed off of just one drink than you paid mostly for liquor so I would call it an even trade. I had a Bahama Mama that was fair to midland, I could have done without the drink. I didn't have a lot of hope for the food just by looking at the menu. I ended up ordering the Jambalaya which did not look like Jambalaya that I have seen in photos but it did taste good and I ended up taking the other half home with me to eat later. Since we had a group of 6 we decided to have some chips and salsa (which in my experience you don't get charged for) and they ended up charging it for us so me and my wife along with our drinks spent about $70 together for lunch. I ate for much cheaper in Vegas at other locations. I would not say this place was bad, it is what it is but if I want to get a better deal I will look around if I can.
A lot going on in this place, if you like action this place is for you. It's like a circus performance in there, literally. Good bar and seating throughout. Don't order the volcano nachos, well below average. The plate lacks substance as I found myself eating mostly chips and cheese. Not worth it.
We ate here on 12/10/13. Food was good deal. Huge plate of nachos for 15.99$ pleanty to feed 4 people. Atmosphere was good. Had a live band.. . Reason for 3 star is.... .   #1. Service was decently slow.   #2. My wife is pregnant and she ordered a VIRGIN drink. We both had a drink of hers. It was good but at the end of the meal we got our bill and noticed they charged us for a NON-VIRGIN DRINK.... we were both in a bit of a panic. We asked the server if it was just a mistake on the check. But it was not!!! The server stood there in shock and said " I don't even know what to do" . My wife amongst crying told the server to take it off. Which they did. The server told us that she was sorry and that she couldn't even tell she was pregnant.... It doesn't matter! If someone asks for a VIRGIN drink you better make sure it is!
Being a country music fan, this is a place I felt like I needed to visit at one point in my life. I was a little underwhemled with the "crowd" [it was pretty dead] but it was a cold week night so I'll cut them a break. The band was pretty good, but didn't pull any people out onto the dance floor. My friend and I ordered some nachos...pretty freaking good. and huge! Enough to feed like 4 people! She had a drink but wasn't too fond of it. Bar tenders were nice. Hopefully next time I visit, it's much more exciting.
