It's all right here, though I noticed on this last flight from SFO to LAS that the United area doesn't have those great screens showing who is in queue for seat upgrades, stand by, etc. like SFO.  I think that would have been much more helpful.  Other than that lines moved smoothly so no complaints there.
It's an airport.. It's a casino.. It's a place to see a panoramic view of the glittering lights of the Las Vegas Strip!. . If you MUST book a stopover between San Jose, CA and Salt Lake City, UT, Las Vegas McCarren is as good as any.  When flying Southwest, it's not nearly as much of a zoo as LAX or Phoenix Sky Harbor.  It's much cheerier and blightly lit than Reno/Tahoe.  My only complaints are that I wish I had a mute button for the slot machines.  And, it is home to the most G*d awful Subway I've ever encountered.  . . Thumbs up for McCarren airport, and bon voyage.
I came in midway through the adult entertainment expo and CES, so the taxi line was ridiculous... think 1 hour to get through it. To their credit, the employee manning the taxi hub was an absolute pro. He must've gotten 500 people cabs in the time it took us to get through the line. It isn't a pretty job, but he did it with grace, efficiency, and courtesy. For this, I salute you, McCarran Cab Stand Man.. . McCarran had the absolute quickest TSA scanning process I've ever been through. I waited for a total of 5 minutes from standing in line to have my id checked to getting my luggage from the machine. I'm sure this was not the norm, but it shocked me.. . Luggage pick-up was quick and easy. This is DEFINITELY a pro.. . Con: try to avoid any medical emergencies in the airport. A lady went into anaphylactic shock while I was waiting for my return flight. It took almost 10 minutes for EMTs to arrive, which pretty much would've been a day for this lady had the manager of the Pizza Hut-Burger King-Cinnabon not been so proactive and on point with giving this lady assistance. . . The Delta check-in line is kinda ass-backwards in it's quick c/i to luggage line. You have to walk through the c/i machines to get to the line. I'm sure this was supposed to work in theory, but they need to move the roping. It's a bad idea. . . Overall, a decent airport, and it has wifi from what I hear (did not know before, but I will be using this on my next trip).
It's ok but not so great when you're inside the gates as the food choices are very limited once inside.
I hate this airport.  And I love this airport.. . The airport is a pain in the behind if you are running on a tight schedule and have a car to drop off.  LAS security lines can be horrendously long so plan ahead.  It's crowded, full of amateur travelers and has cramped gates.. . But, it's also a cool place to hang out if you are early and have time to kill.  Shopping and dining options abound, especially before security.  And of course, the gaming machines!!!!  As a recent convert to video poker, I delight in the ability to lose another $100 just before I board my flight.  Vegas, you have perfected the art of yanking every loose dollar from our pockets and I salute you!. . The bars at McCarran ID everybody.  Period.  No exceptions.  A few months ago, they asked for ID from someone in a wheelchair, with a ventilator and a colostomy bag who turned out to be 100 years old (which wasn't bad because the bartender bought free drinks for all to celebrate the century!!!). . But really, you had to ID that dude before giving him his Jack and coke?  What. EVAR.. . One of the less mentioned facts about McCarran is its absolutely incredible ability to handle logistics - baggage claim and taxi lines - during the giant conventions that plague Las Vegas.  I have never seen such efficiency elsewhere - this would do Toyota proud in terms of cycle time measurements!!!  Amazing!. . Lounges are "meh" but there are plenty of ways to keep yourself entertained.  LAS is the best place in the world for people watching because you will see every weird nuance of humanity represented her.  Promise you that!  . . Anyway, back to video poker before I close... last time, I won $40.  Next time, I clean house.  I will get you McCarran airport... just you wait!!!!. . ~ 3 stars overall for giving me yet another love-hate relationship in my life.  I need these like I need to step on a cactus with bare feet but hey, they're free :\  But go to Vegas people, McCarran is just a way-point on your journey to insane wealth in the Sin City :D. . # 224
I love and hate this airport. I like that it is so close to the strip but that is about all. From our gate to our luggage was about a 10 minute walk. I found out after that fact that they have a monorail or something that takes you to your luggage but you would never know this without a single clear sign telling you.. . The area where you have to pick up a taxi is not clearly marked either so I walked around trying to find it until I just had to stop and ask someone upon realizing I was on the wrong side f the airport. Once I got to the taxi area however, the line was well organized and fairly quick.. . This is either a cool thing for some or a grip for others. Walking off of the airplane, you see slot machines. This is cool at first but when you are going home, as I was, you are sick of seeing them. Nice novelty but a little annoying.
One may love the gambling.. The glitz.. The Vegas feel of the airport here.. I am a pro at airports.. Flew to London on Virgin out of here.. After a domestic connection.. Well, it has the worst set up for international connections I've seen.. Waited 20 minutes for the interterminal bus.. Finally walked fast the 1/2 mile out of airport to international terminal..the food options in this terminal suck.. And the security line is quite long.. Cmon international flights hold 200+ people ! 3 Tsa peeps for high volume?! Really?? Main terminal is okay.. Not great.. To me.. There needs to be more of a food court.. All about choices for long flights..
This airport has a part that was recently redone and that section is beautiful. The older part of the airport is, well, old. And it's noticeable. Lousy restaurants and not much else that's exciting.
Great airport. Easy to navigate, good shops and decent food
Typical airport experience. Good selection of restaurants, reasonable . TSA experience, and adequately clean.. . Very Vegas-y with slot machines, creepy mannequins, and lots of alcohol and cigarette places.
This airport is simply alright. It's hot, it's crowded, it smells funny and it's a damn maze. If it weren't for the fact that you can walk around with a beer in your hand and play the slot machines, it would be easily forgettable. There aren't any good restaurants here either. It definitely isn't Los Angeles or San Francisco. Now those are airports.
Kind of just like being down on the Strip minus the smoke and with the addition o the never-ending stream of delayed light announcements over the intercom.. . I've only ever flown through the D Concourse, and I'm told that it actually represents the crappiest Concourse in the facility.  . . Not a lot of eating or drinking options, but Strip prices.  Security always moves very fast, so get here a little later and save yourself some time spent sitting around wishing you were on your plane or back on the Strip.
My second trip through this airport went off without a hitch.. . The terminal is well organized, and the signage is pretty good. There could be more ATMs and that might be my only gripe. The taxi lines could be the most efficient thing I've ever seen. I wish they could transplant these guys to the Bay Bridge toll plaza.
The airport that time forgot.. . Clearly looking like it's stuck in 1976, McCarran is a well functioning airport, if not looking a bit dated. . . Food selection is average, nothing particularly stands out as unique with the exception of the Sammy's Beach Bar & Grill. Prices are of course ridiculous because it's an airport. $7.89 for a single patty combo at Wendy's - really, c'mon. . . The shops have the traditional tacky souveneirs found in any Las Vegas casino, but don't get me wrong, I've picked up a shot glass and the playing chip inspired chocolates are awesome - if not overpriced.. . Slots abound, and you'll find it very easy to loose $20.00 within ten minutes of sitting down to try your luck as you wait for a connecting flight.. . Overall, it's an aiport in an awesome city. I just can't understand why the 'powers that be' not renovate and make it a destination. It's dated and lacks any flair the city it supports has. If I ran the place it'd be flashy and call back the 1960s era of Vegas which the Rat Pack helped make famous. There's a ton of connecting flights through this airport and people genuinely want a taste of Vegas even if they don't have time to leave the aiport, they've got a huge financial opportunity but seem to not really give a care. . . Crap, I'm about to miss my flight!
I've never had to deal with security here since i've only been here twice or layovers so I can't really say whether this airport is easy or difficult to navigate. The first time was when I was about 7 years old and got in trouble with security for trying to play one of the slot machines, and the only other time was a couple years ago on a Southwest flight between San Diego and New York. If you do end up at the terminal with a sandwich place called Flatbreadz, you should check this place out. I wasn't expecting much but it was surprisingly a pretty good sandwich! I don't think there were too many other options for food there anyway.. . You get a pretty cool view of the Strip on the left side of the plane when you take off from here. The slot machines in the airport is a kind of a cool idea - you get to experience a little taste of Vegas if you're just there for a layover, and it sure beats sitting at the gate doing nothing!
So...um...yeah, it's an airport.  . . That's it I guess...
Airports are not enjoyable.........what so ever.... . But this one is probably on the top of my list as far as coolness.. . When you land there, who cares, get your carry on bag and head out!  No need to spend any more time than you need to in an airport.. . Now the coolness kicks in when you have to wait for your flight.  Yes, you can drink.  Yes, you can play some slots.  But for someone like me, I dont need to spend or waste anymore money than I already have since Im leaving SIN city....  Know what I mean.. Plenty of places to choose from as far as food/restaurants.  Plenty of seating.. Knocking off a star for not having more device charging stations with USB ports.
Alright, let me break it down to y'all here, my first time going to Vegas was when I was 18..many, many years ago...all I remember is getting off the plane and seeing slot machines!!! Okay, back then I couldn't even put one damn quarter in but, oh well, what the hell do I care, I'm in VEGAS biatches!!!  Well, let's just say that my many trips to and from McCarran after that was all a blur cause I was NEVER sober coming or going.. . Fast forward to 2004 and I now live in Vegas and where do I happen to work? At McCarran! So what I'm gonna break down to you, take it to heart..after working at McCarran for over 6 years and at all the checkpoints, I kinda know it like the back of my hand, so I'm gonna try and get as in-depth as I can.. . Busy travel days: Thursday, Friday, Sunday and Monday are busier than the rest of the week so keep in mind to give yourself plenty of time if you are traveling out on these days.  I would recommend getting to the airport at least 1 1/2 hrs just to give yourself some cushion (2 hrs if there is a large convention in town) unless you are the type that likes the last minute heart pumping energy rush of maybe missing your flight and begging to cut the lines while everyone rolls their eyes at you...Busy travel times- Mornings tend to be busier then evening flights so if you can, book your flights for later in the day.. . Checkpoints- A/B Gates, can get busy but since it's the smallest of the three checkpoints doesn't have such a long wait line as the other checkpoints. . C Gates services mostly Southwest Airlines so on certain dates (see busy travel days above) can also get pretty busy as Southwest probably has the most flights in/out of Vegas.  There are actually three ways to access C Gates now, one lane at the D gates and now, a connection to A/B gates so even if you went through A/B you can access C gates after security.  There is also the new C Annex located at the end of ticketing by the Southwest counters and has plenty of lanes and also allows you access to the A/B gates since they are now connected after you get through security.. D Gates is the busiest of all the checkpoints as they service all the major carriers (United, Delta, Continental, American, Alaska, and a few others).  Again, refer to the busy travel days and give yourself plenty of time.. . Food- YES, there is food after you get through security...I really don't know why people ask that question over and over again..don't all airports have food/drink/bars/lounges by your gates?? Why would McCarran be any different?  Are there better restaurants at certain gates? Well- it really depends on you right?  Burger King is king at McCarran so don't bother looking for a McDonald's cause there is none. Sit down restaurants? Sure there are some but nothing notable except Chili's at the A/B gates... Also, keep in mind that some of these places close early during the week as it can get pretty dead some nights, so if you are traveling out on a red eye on a Weds night, you might want to pick up something on the way since you probably won't have a lot of options.. . Bathrooms! Okay so here's the deal, at D Gates, the bathrooms are BEFORE security, once you get through security, there are NO bathrooms until you get off the tram to the gates SO if you gotta go, then you need to do it before you start lining up. A/B gates, there are bathrooms close by both before and after security, the same goes for C Annex Gates.  Now- as far as where the cleaner bathrooms are, D gates is kept up okay, same with A/B gates.  C Annex bathrooms before security only has 4 stalls and can get pretty nasty so I would advise you wait until after you get through security and use the bathrooms by the gates as they tend to be cleaner.. . Baggage claim- can be a nightmare cause it seems like the airlines are always changing which carousel your bags are coming out on after they tell you so just check the monitors when you get down there before you ask us, cause some of us don't work for the airlines so asking us where your bags will be arriving will only get a blank stare as we point you to the direction of the monitors that tells you which carousel to look for.... . Taxis are readily available but that taxi queue can get pretty long when there is a large convention in town (CES and AVN together is always a mess) and can cost a pretty penny ($20-$30) but gets you to your destination quicker than the shuttle.  Airport Shuttles are cheaper ($7 per person one way) and you have to ride with others as they stop to drop off people along the way so depending on your needs, you can make the call.. . Overall, McCarran has some good, some bad, and definitely some ugly, especially on Sundays when people are coming through hung-over or still drunk...whatever you do though, please don't put your face or body on those carpets...I couldn't tell you the last time I saw someone clean them, but I sure have seen people up-chuck on them!!. Stay safe folks and have a good flight!!
Of course the best part of this airport are the slot machines.  And I do believe they usually do their best here, since it does get ridiculously busy here.  And when you fly into here because the El Cajon Pass is snowed in and the flights to Vegas are booked, it's gonna be crazy.  So, expect some delays and crowds and gamble that money away as you wait for your flight.
So you gotta love an airport that has slot machines.. right!? Because you didn't hear enough of that "ding ding ding ding ding ding ding" all friggin' weekend long... . The airport itself is nice. Cleanish.. . Security people are dumb.. I have a bracelet that doesn't come off.. When I got to the line I told the lady and she looked at me like, "WHY DIDN'T YOU GO TO THE FULL BODY SCAN.." and I am thinking, "Because NONE of your GENIUS Co-workers directed me there.". . Also, some person had a seizure in the security line and they were not very helpful with that either.. . Lastly, I know this is more airline specific.. . but I think it speaks to the type of people who work here: . . At my gate, everyone and their mother was asking if they were gonna make the upgrade list. Because this isn't the NEWEST airport, they apparently don't have tv screens to let you know that you are number 82 on the upgrade to first class list. So I sat there and watched the gate agents make fun of every person who walked up to ask if they got the upgrade. DICKS. . . However, the good news is that they have these kiosks for self check in that have almost every airline listed.. which is great. Because if you don't have to check anything, you don't have to WAIT in line! Great!
Las Vegas McCarran International Airport is an airport with slot machines to drop your money into upon arrival and fancy-dancy shoppes for you to spend any winnings in upon departure. If you want something to eat pre-flight, find it and eat it before you actually get to this airport because it's slim pickins here. I'll be back, I guess.
This place is great, it's the first welcome sign I ever saw coming to Vegas and what's there to great you? Slot machines! Right outta the gate. . . It's not only a great place to start losing your hard earned cash, but also a great place to surf the web (FOR FREE)! It's not too big even though it has a tram to take you from terminal 2 to 1 and it's easy to get out from the gates, easily marked signs lead you to buses, taxis, limos and pick up. Only thing I wish was there a waiting area for family and friends. So be sure who ever you pick up is there waiting before you head out there to grab them cause if you get there early you might end up touring the facilities and there isn't much there except desert! . . Enjoy.
I travel a lot and this is a decent airport, although having to take a tram once you're past security kinda bites.. . Kudos, though on free WiFi!  Wish more airports would offer this.
Well, it's an airport, and it's functional.  The amenities are fine, both before and after security.  The security line generally moves faster than you'd think it would, and the videos they play while you wait are cute.. . I really don't like the slot machines, but it's Vegas, so what can you do?
I'm not sure how to rate an airport but it works and I get through. I only travel here during off peak times so it's been pretty decent. I have heard, though, you may have to arrive early if you're leaving Monday morning -all those people leaving after a weekend of debauchery ;)
Why is it so hard to get from the gates to the baggage claim? I guess that's a problem for a lot of airports. But all the walking let us get some exercise and by the time we got to the baggage claim our bags were already out. The taxi's are on the right hand side exit, just as a warning, it is a loooong line when there are tons of people heading to Las Vegas the weekend you go. Anyways, they have the system down so it was like Disneyland rides. Overall cheapest way to get to your hotels.
Love how upon arrival you are greeted by slot machines and life-size posters of Chip n Dales dancers! Terminal B lacks decent shopping, bars and restaurants (would come in handy when your flight is delayed). . . Highly recommend flying Virgin America
There are lots of slots in Vegas, and many of the are right here at the airport.  Good counter through security to gate experience.  Baggage inbound is slow when you are waiting.  I mean union labor slow...so check bags only if flying into LAS.. . Enjoy!
Welcome to Vegas.. Enter and leave the same way.. "Give us your money."
Easy airport to maneuver through and love that you can continue to gamble while you wait for your flight.  I noticed the flight agents at Southwest are pretty used to people getting on their flight late, due to not being able to pull away from the slot machines.  Believe me I've been there...good thing you aren't the only one trying to cash out quickly and run to the plane, otherwise it would be embarrassing.  :)
no other airport in the world like it. slot machines, gift shops, restaurants... the hustle and bustle of people who lost a lot of money just angry at the world trying to make a flight back home to tell their significant other of their mistake - and then there's the other group of people who can't seem to wait to get off the plane to make the same mistakes. . great airport to people watch. so many different people, styles, but a majority all there for the same reason.. definitely not the cleanest of airports - but hey - it's sin city. what do u expect?
The airport is always packed...and security takes forever...but man a airport with slot machines...I heart you..
Ive been in many airports and this one could use a upgrade and open more security lines.
My only comment is...In a 24 hour town we do not have a 24 hour airport. When I fly out in the evening everything is closed, really?
Security is quick, which is the most important thing to me.. . Tons of places to eat and you can play the slots while waiting for your flight, although no one looks happy...  wonder why.
Old, dark and dirty.  Only great thing is security that moves very fast and efficient.  Great job security.  Now if Nevada can only afford to brighten up the airport and take the dark ugly casino carpet out and make it whiter, fresher and cleaner.
What other airport in the world is going to have as many slot machines and video poker games like McCarran?! I love flying in and out of here. Getting a taxi as soon as you arrive is super easy and it usually costs less than $20 to get to The Strip (even cheaper if you're staying on the southside). Unless you're a moron who packs shampoo bottles in his/her carry-on item, you're not gonna get hassled by TSA. I fly Southwest, and its mostly a straight shoot from the airport entrance, to security, to the gate. Still, get here an hour early on the weekends, and 30-45 minutes before your flight on the slower weekdays. If you have time to kill, head over to the slot machines or use the free wi-fi. By the way, the food selection here isn't the best, so eat before your flight and finally, the airport slot machines have way worse odds than the ones in the casinos so beware!
The onlyairport I know where people don't look like they're ready to die in the terminals.  Also the only one I know that has $1 machines next to the Cinnabon.  The eternally-closed Cinnabon.   . . Easy to park at for short-term, drive-up & drop-off is equally good rather than a 20-minute ordeal.  Fast security lines.
Until recently, it's been over 10 years since I've flown out of LAS, so I will technically consider this my first visit. Although it's a relatively heavy international airport, you don't really sense it throughout the domestic terminal. I consider it a shame because the excitement and sophistication that international air travel brings is non existent through the plain and dimly lit halls of Terminal C.. . For airplane spotters like me, LAS is a wonderful airport. Easy access to the top level of the parking lot presents magnificent views of the runway facing the strip. There's really no comparison to any other airport views like this. While walking to your gate, you are also faced with a plethora of non obstructed windows, which give you great views as well.. . I had a great encounter with the personnel working here as well. From the Southwest check-in agents to the TSA crew (big surprise), everyone was very cheery for some odd reason. I even had a good 5 min conversation with the lady checking my ID at security.. . The airport makes a good effort to maintain their proud aviation history with the use of educational exhibits throughout the airport. A model display of airplanes that have passed through LAS, an exhibit on the operational history of the airport, and a well preserved Hacienda Airlines Cessna 172 are just some of the few things that make this airport great for an aviation buff like me.. . When you get to the gate area, however, it's a completely different story. This is acommon occurence with Southwest at most airports, but I could definitely feel it here a lot more than at OAK or ONT for example. Southwest gate areas are always heavily overcrowded. People sitting on the floor not giving a shit about who has to walk around them, while they stare at you for walking around with a camera and taking photos of airplanes taxiing by. It's definitely a different vibe than with most United customers, but that's what you get for flying with them.
It's a nice airport and has many places to eat. Security seems to get you in & out quickly.
I think there's a tale of two McCarran Intl's to tell... The tale of flying a nice classy legacy carrier into terminal D and flying Southwest and US Air into terminal C.  Its Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde if you will.... . My first of many experiences with this airport was flying Southwest (theres my first problem) and landing in the C terminal.  It was a like a horrible invasion of early 90's southwestern colors combined with lots of dinging of slots and general old airport layout confusion.  And since it was connecting I had to go way across the airport navigating the horrific layout of terminals built onto terminals to find my gate.  In between the two gates I managed to eat a 9 dollar BK Whopper.  So if you've gathered from my description, Terminal C is a like a chaotic 3rd world airport with slot machines and grossly overpriced fast food.. . The flip side of the coin is stepping off of your United/AA/Delta flight into the shiny new terminal D.  Its clean, its new, the concourse is wide and easy to navigate.  If you want to see one the best views of the Vegas strip go hang out and grab a drink and snack in the Continental (now United?) Presidents Club.  Its on top of the terminal.  It has a great view and it's an incredibly comfortable place to hang out.  Maybe one day Delta will reopen their LAS club and give a similar place to lounge away from the unwashed masses.  I think terminal D is a great airport experience, one of the best you'll have for a large airport.. . The way they level out the two different experiences is by funneling you on a tram to the chaotic baggage claim area where you can be shuttled off to the casinos or rental car garage.  If you were crazy enough to check a bag you'll wait a extraordinarily long time for your bag since baggage claim is no where near either terminal.  . . Other than that, have a great time you're in Vegas after all.  Just make sure you ask your cabbie where to pickup Booze, Women & Guns (in no particular order), you're sure to get an interesting and candid response.  And tip everyone well that helps you with luggage or your cab etc etc, you're in Vegas they expect it and you should anyways
It does the job. Best part is the free wifi. It always feels a little crowded, but then again, so does Vegas. . . The architecture and interior design is not as impressive as other airports, but their tram system is pretty efficient.
This airport is the perfect port to put you in the mood for your Vegas trip.  Shortly after getting off your plane you are bombarded by the sound of slot machines and a variety of shops.  Take note -- if you forget to buy souvenirs at the hotel, you can always find a few neat things from the actual strip hotels here.. . There's the escalator that takes you to Baggage claim with the large "Welcome to Vegas" sign to put you in the mood.  Baggage Claim, however, is consistently SLOOOOOW.  The cab stand is hit or miss depending on when you come.  I've stood in line anywhere from 10 to 45 minutes.  So each time I always wonder whether I should just fork out some bucks for a car service (prearranged as onsite limos/cars are discouraged as unsafe).. . This place gets three stars because aside from the slow baggage claim and unpredictable cab stands, the airport is compact and efficient, which means I never really worry about having to catch my flight.
3 stars. What more am I supposed to say aside from the fact that I love how they have slot machines inside... haha. . Sin City baby!
Although this airport is old, dated and lacking any nice amenities the airport is small and easy to navigate.  The taxi line can get super long but it moves fast so don't be discouraged. . . Stay away from the slots. Some of the worst odds in the whole city.
Not enough gambling facilities for my liking! ;) Where are the slot machines when you need them, like in the queue at customs... If you can't wait until you get to the strip, or the withdrawal symptoms have already kicked in during the 15min cab ride back to the airport this place has you covered.. . Not great food options, but I always try to avoid, eating, or for that matter spending money in over priced, under quality airport establishments.. . Great views of the Vegas lights on approach, try try try to get a window seat flying into Vegas!!. . Perfect location, for a super fast and cheap transfer to Vegas strip, let the fun times begin!!. . Free WIFI in the terminal is a big plus, a chance to catchup with the real world while you wait to board your plane.
Rookie fliers ..you can fight for the front seats in the airplane while I go to the back Burbank unboards com both front and back. . I need a drink
TIP:  use their free wifi here (very spotty though). . i only fly southwest here at McCarran, and the layout is very disjointed.  I can't say for other airlines but southwest has two areas with available gates.  So if you went to the wrong gate (or wanted to visit a friend from the other gate) , and that gate happens to be on the side, you have to pretty much run to the other side of the airport.  Also, the rental car center have to be shuttled (wastes time).  There is also one rental car company that is not even in the rental center (i think it's fox).  Do not rent from them!! they are far away, which is a waste of time.  Rentals in LV are cheap anyways.
Really, slot machines in the airport? Advertisements for shirtless men and vending machines selling single roses? How much trashier can you get? At least McCarran actually functions as an airport fairly efficiently and the taxi line is super well organized.
Okay airport. For a city as glamorous as Las Vegas, I don't get that high roller feel at McCarran. Aside from the slot machines in the terminals, it seems like this could be a large airport in any city.. . I did not come across many issues specific to the airport. Though there could be better signage in the terminal. Found it difficult to figure out where public transportation was located. The location of the bus stop is on a lower level away from the terminals. Can be a challenge to find. Might be better off taking a shuttle instead to the Strip.. . The terminals are fine. Pretty predictable with restaurants with inflated food prices. Though at least they have free wi-fi. Security lines are not too bad, though I was taking an early evening flight which would explain this.. . McCarran is okay, but I think Las Vegas deserves a nicer looking airport. With so many glamorous casinos on the Strip, I don't see why the airport, which is the first impression of Vegas for visitors, has to look so drab.
McCarran International Airport is a little dated and can get quite busy. I fly out of McCarran early on a Sunday morning 7AM. I had expected that at 5:30AM it would be relatively quick to get to the gate. However it was quite busy. The security line was a little long, but it did move rather quickly. They do a good job oh having multiple agents and Xray machines to get the line moving. . . To get to your terminal you need to take a tram and there are many escalators/stairs. There is quite a bit of walking until you arrive to your departing gate. Take this into account when flying out of Vegas.. . There didn't seem to be many good options for food. Just your normal fast food and magazine shops.. . McCarran is satisfactory, and does the job. However, I have seen much nicer airports.
This is my first time flying from here as a resident of Las Vegas and there are no signs before you get to the terminal as to what airlines are served by each terminal. So we just had to resign to driving thru each terminal to determine which one was for Southwest (Terminal 1 btw). Other than that having a tram to get to gates and slots for entertainment is a bonus for sure. Lots of food to choose from but security was either super picky today or the ppl traveling (this one chic tried going thru the metal detector with half a jewelry store still on) have no idea how to travel - I am thinking it is the latter. :-)
I fly to Vegas often for business & it's definitely one of the 'better' airports. . . Free wifi with many food options make it one of my faves. . . Dinged a few stars for the insane security checkpoints (always backlogged) and the crazy amount of touristsand indoor smoking.
I'm not a huge fan of airports to begin with, but McCarran could use some updating. . . There were no outlets near my gate and food choices were slim pickings, BUT my flights came and went on time and I got through security in under 15 minutes. I am also always amused by the slot machines all over the place. . . Hey, it's Vegas; a weird mash up of class and trash is to be expected.
3 stars for slot machines in the airport! Other than that it's just like any other airport.
I sat at a slot machine for over an hour waiting for my flight, and some Italian guy came and sat down next to me, put in a dollar, and won a $200 jackpot...WTF!!!  X-/
This airport is pretty painless to get through. Security is pretty efficient and nice enough. There's def an odd mix of fancy and not so fancy people. Terminals have slots to get one last shot of winning it big. All in all, a decent experience.
It is...an airport.    And as airports go, not a bad one, especially if you are in the more modern D terminal.  Lots of typical "airport meets mall" venues offering overpriced food and unnecessary merchandise.  There is, of course, gambling in the form of slot machines and that tends to be rather unusual for an airport in the USA.  If you have the airline status or club membership necessary, the Continental Presidents Club near D33/35 is on the upper level and is quite nice.  Lots of power plugs and free snacks & beverages.
The airport itself is decent. I would never gamble here, but i do see people at the slots. the monorail is fun to ride to  baggage claim.. . beware spirit airlines!
I have nothing negative to say about this place. Could use a makeover seems a little ran down but bathrooms and terminals were clean and employees were friendly which is my only requirement. THis place is always popping because the whole planet is flying into town to party and gamble. Cant blame them!
I am nota "fan" of airports and I am not even sure why one would be. It is the least interesting part of air travel and the most arduous to get through.. . I am okay with this one because getting past security is pretty quick, quicker than LAX, but it has more people just smoking and it smells gross.. . This is kind of a two star joint but I guess I am feeling charitable being coming in and going out was quick.
Airport has ample restaurant options and of course plenty of slot machines to keep you entertained while you wait for your flight.
Its an Ok airport. The Security lines are minimal usually. The Restaurants here are more expensive than other airports that ive been in. Ample parking. Airline staff are helpful and Mccarran has plenty of wheelchairs which is a big plus when your traveling with an elderly passenger.
It's an airport, a lot like other airports except it has the patina of Vegas glitz and glamor.  Baggage claim is a sensory overload.  Plenty of food and retail outlets at airport and Vegas-inflated prices.  You are never far from a Starbucks here.  The rental car center is off-airport and is an approximate 8 minute shuttle-bus ride from the terminal.  Factor that time in upon your return.  The shuttle buses seem to run frequently.  I travel to Vegas on business so my only complaint is you travel here among tourists who don't frequently travel by air and are somewhat less experienced in the nuances of air travel.
Who doesn't love sin city, seriously though it's time for Las Vegas to invest some money into re-doing the airport.  The baggage claim area is clean and organized but, the departure gates NEED help, the airport has a dark, dreary feel to it.
Not real fancy, but it does the trick getting oneself from point A to B. . . High points for good shopping while you wait, low points for a complete lack of dining options. . . The bars are okay but don't expect a strong pour (which I need since I'm such a SUPERBAD flier). Rather, expect to be ID'd regardless of your age and to have to deal with self righteous bartenders in the process. On this occasion a rather elderly couple came into the bar and asked for a glass of wine. The bartender REFUSED to serve them because either they didn't have their ID handy or they were just too offended by this guy to produce it. Anyway after they left, the bartender went on and on and on for about 30 minutes about how EVERYONE needs to have ID. Come on dude, it's called the letter of the law vs. the spirit of the law. We get that you know how to follow instructions but seriously... grow a pair and stop harassing 80 year olds. Oh, and does anyone remember when "making it a double" only cost a couple bucks more? Apparently those happy days are gone far far away because drinks at the airport have gotten pricey! . . Otherwise, a few tidbits of super useful information:.  . - having to ride the tram is a bit of a pain if you weren't expecting to lug your bags from terminal to terminal.. - the taxi line is faster than it appears. . -the TSA line often takes forever, especially when they aren't expecting a large influx of people. . - nobody wins at the slot machines. . - I still hate Delta airlines. . . If you don't live in Vegas or this isn't just a quick stopover, McCarran airport is part of the whole "going to Vegas" process. Enjoy!
They make it very easy to get into Vegas. I go about once a year and when I get to baggage claim, most of the claims are not being used as I guess the flight arrivals are spread out. . . Once you go outside, it's very easy to got a taxi or a shuttle.. . Sadly when leaving the security line is just nuts. Make sure to arrive 2 hours prior to your flight departure.. . If you are flying Southwest, your eating options are limited to fast food.
As far as airports go, it's fine. Pretty efficient, people working there are nice. Don't bother with the slot machines- they don't pay for CRAP! Then again, who would really expect them to, right?
It's Vegas baby how bad can it be?
It's an airport. . . Thats' it. . . Lots of people watching, and starting at the future drunks. . . Free Wifi rocks though.
Eh...could they make an airport any longer? This place is packed and hard to maneuver through, but its convenient location and only real option into Vegas makes it "good enough"
Crowded but well laid out.  Security moves fast and lots of good shopping for kids at home.
The good.  The taxi stand.  They have the best taxi stand I have ever seen.  Fast, efficient, and all actual taxis.   Ask for them to not take the tunnel though as the tunnel adds some milage to the trip.. . The bad.  The adverts.  Now I'm all about the freedom of consenting adults to do what they want.  However, I do draw the line for the 10 ft tall ads for strip clubs and reviews in areas that children are going to be in.  I don't have children, but I wouldn't want my children to see that type of stuff. I can not take them to places which have this sort of thing, but its hard to avoid airports if you have connecting flights, or relatives that live in the area.
My first review as a new Yelp Elite is...the airport?. . Those who know me, know that I love to travel.  Hell, that's why I have a job that entails 90% travel.  Because of my job, McCarran is as familiar as the back of my hand.  Bad example, as I haven't seen the back of my hand in quite a while.  Until now.. . This airport presents quite a quandary for my ratings system, as it's really 3 airports in one.  First, there's the Check in Counters/Baggage ClaimA/B/C gates.  Then there's the D gates, Lastly, there's Terminal 2, which houses international flights, which I will not review because I've never used it.. . Check in Counters/Baggage ClaimA/B/C gates:  Dated.  Classic Vegas surrounds you, with reflective ceilings and dark purple colors.  Slot machines EVERYWHERE to line Michael Gaughan's pockets.  Food options are bleak.  Baggage takes a while to reach the carousel, partially because of union workers and partially because of the size of this place.  At least they pay attention to priority stickers and get them on the belt first.. . D gates: brand spankin' new.  Love it.  Food options are better here, as well.  It takes a tram ride to get here.  Also houses the only airline club in McCarran; a Continental President's Club.  Try to fly American, Delta, Continental/United, Frontier, and Allegiant to get your ass in this terminal instead.. . Overall, McCarran was once at the forefront of airport technology. First, they introduced a universal system that allows for check in on any airline.  Then, they were the first to offer Wi-Fi throughout, a marvel for its time.  In it's heyday, it was the place to be.. . Now I pine for newer technology and a renovation of style.  I hope for US Airways to resume their night hub operations here and build a new airline club in the A/B gate areas.  I wish for phone scanners at all security checkpoints for mobile boarding passes.. . While I eagerly await the completion of Terminal 3, I also fear for the creation of Spaghetti Bowl II: Electric Bugaloo.
Always a wait... But ppl are nice.
Ughh seems like its been under construction for ages and baggage claim takes forever. This airport stinks!! We waited over an hour for our bags.. Let's just say that the Philly natives were getting restless. The city of brotherly love is a city known to pelt Santa Claus with snowballs. I thought we were close to a riot in the baggage claim area. The only bright side is the airport is very close to the strip.. Note to self: don't check in bags..
On Friday I parted from Las Vegas to Indianapolis for a convention. I was on time as usual. I'm sorry I lied. I am always late but today I was here at 7am for my 9 am flight. Since I was early I decided to sip my coffee and  people watch for about 30 min. . . Then I went to security to go to my gate in Terminal C. Usually when I come to McCarran Airport  the security are rude and yell and have no patience with anyone. This time around though they were so pleasant! They greeted me with a smile and  told me there names referred me to some pubs and restaurants in Indianapolis. We all became nice quick friends. As I waved and thanked them for their lovely hospitality I began to search for my phone.... . IT WAS GONE. . Trying to be mature about the situation... I freaked out.  I ran back to my new friends and asked them if they had seen my purple iPhone. No one had seen it. One of my new security friends Clara helped me by calling the operator. Not two seconds later the intercom came on saying . . 'ATTENITION ALL PASSENGERS IF YOU ARE MISSING AN IPHONE CALL THE OPERATOR!" . . Clara contacted the operator and told her I was coming to get my phone. What excellent customer service! . . After receiving my phone back I had a few minutes before my flight began to board. To see what was in Terminal B. . . There's plenty...from the 1980s. The terminal is extremely outdated with about 5 places to eat. It smells funny and everything is extremely cramped. It was uncomfortable to say the least. . . In conclusion...Terminal B security is great ...Terminal B is not.. . Tip. . 1. Hope you get to fly out of terminal D! That is the latest and greatest in airport luxury. 2. Don't forget your iPhone unless you become good friends with the nice lady named Clara.
June 26th 2011. . This year I've been in and out of this airport. so I  figure it's time to drop a review on Yelp.  So why is it that every time I have to go through security check, I get called to the side and receive a "random" check.  The last 5 out of 6 times, I've been randomly chosen to get an extra extensive security check.  Who said the odds suck in Vegas?  I guess dreadlocks increase your odds, haha.. . Pros:.   This place is pretty easy to navigate.  Did I mention I hate the LAX airport?.   Super fast check in.  I've never had a problem.   Lots of places to eat at while waiting for your flight.   Free Wi-Fi that actually works.  Yes !!.   . Cons:.   Seriously, security checkpoint is a joke.  The lines are insane !!.   I'm not a fan of riding the monorail.  It's always crowded and stuffy..   Okay there are lots of places to eat, but way overpriced.  It's expected.. . Verdict:.   Well you don't have much choice now do you?  It's the only airport we've got unless you have your own private plane.  McCarran isn't bad at all though, especially previously having to deal with Ontario and LAX in California.  I don't mind it.  Why 3 stars?  Because of that random security check that I seem to always be a victim of.  They are so profiling!  Dreads and a bag full of camera equipment equals extra time needed. . . Tips:.   Make sure to keep those liquids in a separate container.   Keep the laptops in an easy access area.. you need to pull it out!.   If possible, travel without a belt and flip flops instead of shoes..   Oh yeah, take off your hat too.  They like to look under there..   Arrive 2 hours early.  You'll need it in Vegas especially on weekends..    Long Term parking is expensive.  So get dropped off if you can.
I think this airport is only annoying if you have a layover and you have to hear the slots incessantly in the background.  Slots are meant to be heard with alcohol, pretty girls nearby, and the ability to leave at anytime.  All three are scarce at McCarran.
More fun to arrive at than depart from - a metaphor for Vegas. Baggage claim is festive and the cab situation is good. But, it's dingy and in need of a major reno job.. . Note: the BK super value meal was $12 for the tendercrisp sandwich. Whoa.
I love this airport... whether your arriving or departing, you move quickly.  I love how well organized parking and taxi/shuttle service is.... the taxi lines move quick.  Tons of shops, food, and slots to pass the time. Free wi-fi is a PLUS!
I've been to a lot of airports.  McCarran is not one of my favorites.  It has a few good items:  1)  you can play slots in the airport - great when you have a layover, but maybe not so great if you've just lost all your money in Vegas and 2) you can buy alcohol from stands and drink anywhere in the airport - once again great for layovers, maybe not so great aver a Vegas vacation.. . Now my issues.  The tram is ok in the one terminal, but to get to the other gates it's a bit of a hike.  We were there from about 4-8 pm on a weekday and some of the places in the airport were closed (including the Chili's for dinner).  Their food options are somewhat lacking and there is definitely the hang-over vibe going on.  . . The landing is pretty cool if you're on the right side of the plane since you get to see the Strip and you have a few peek-a-boo view from inside the terminals.  It's been a while since I've been through security here, so I can't comment on that, but overall it's an ok airport.
I've been to both Terminals in one day, and it's a nightmare sometimes.. . Terminal 1: For all domestic flights. . . Parking:. . Covered parking is nice in the parking garage.. but they removed the coin-meter parking, & I MISS IT!!. Well, at least we can pay with card now.. . Cleanliness:. . It's clean, sometimes. Not spotless, but hey, it's airport.. . Service(s):. . The information desk employees are friendly, and atleast they know what they're doing.. . The signs for departure/arrival are pretty easy to read on nice LCD screens.. . I wish there signs for where which escalator flights would be coming down from instead of asking attendants on the floor. . . If you can avoid it, don't schedule flights arrival/departure on Fridays & Weekends. The airport is packed.. . . . Terminal 2: International flights & Hawaii.. . The signs for Terminal 2 are easy to miss. . I hope they can make it easier to access and find. Maybe even just a big TERMINAL 2 sign.. . Parking:. . No covered parking here, but the parking rates are the same as Terminal 1.. . Cleanliness:. . It's a mess in there. It looks dirty, and it feels dirty. If you have to stay long for any reason, remember to carry antibacterial.. . Service(s):. . There are only 4 carousels for luggage. This isn't bad in my opinion. It makes it easier to find your stuff if anything.. . Keep an eye on your belongings, it feels pretty "ghetto" in Terminal 2.
As far as airports go, I tend to compare everything to O'hare and Midway. Anything smaller and easier to navigate than O'hare is a plus. Anything about the size of Midway with a decent distance to main attractions is a plus. . . I have been to this airport several times now. It's not that big and it is about a $20 cab ride depending on where on the strip you're coming from. . . I have done the shuttle, been picked up at arrivals, and taken a cab. The shuttle sucks. It can take an hour to get where you are going depending on how many other hotels it stops at. Cab and pick up/drop off are easy to navigate. . . Also, I agree the tram is a bit of a pain, but compared to O'Hare, it's a breeze, so I'll let it go. . . Now the food options are terrible. Note to self - eat elsewhere before take-off. Had to settle for a Burger King sandwich (no shock it's seriously overpriced). Boo to that. . . There are slots in the airport, which is funny and dangerous. If you happen to arrive a bit drunk and are making an attempt to stay awake long enough to get on your plane, they are tempting. I turned to writing this review to keep me awake. I wonder how many spell check problems there willbe. . . Overall it is okay. I have never had lost luggage or major flight delays. The security folks are way nicer then in Chicago. It could use several more places to charge electronics, newer seats and a bit of shade on the windows. . . Okay, I saved this review as a draft and am posting it now that I am sober and have had a chance to review it and make sure I didn't type anything I shouldn't have. Damn you Vegas and your awesomeness.
This airport is either a hit or miss depending on how you look at it.... . Pros:. - you can play slot machines while waiting for your flight (i actually won $130 one time playing 0.25 cents slots while waiting for my delayed out of Vegas). - a moderate amount of eye candy (girls still in clubbing attire waiting for their flight). - abundant amounts of alcohol can be found and bought at ease. - quick checkpoints. . Cons:. - some parts of the airport are OLD. - only a few signs telling you where to go...you could be walking down a corridor and not know whether you're in terminal B or teminal C. - the taxi line is ridiculously long. . All in all, not a bad airport. Did I mention you can play slots while waiting for your flight?
This is not a bad little airport. Checking in can be a hassle, but that may depend on your carrier. After checking in I had to take a tram to my gate, which isn't bad as they keep them running at about 5-10 minute intervals. . . The security check in lines are about normal for an airport this size. The time I went through they kept running out of tubs to put your belongings into for the scanners. That made everything slow down even more. They did have personnel standing there directing people where to go for the fastest way through the security lines. . . Once in the terminal there are slot machines, I'm not much of a gambler, but if that's your thing have fun with it. . . When arriving at this airport again, depending on your gate, you have to take a tram to the baggage claim. It's an open and easy to understand area. The time I was there everything went smoothly.
The best thing about the Vegas airport is its location. So close to the strip.. . Other than that, not much to like. They have slots if you are into that. The carpets are old and the airport in general has a musky smell, maybe from the days where smoking was allowed.
I like this airport as it is simple- normally that is!!! My shuttle dropped me at the wrong terminal and i had to ask 3 different staff members to get to my destination.. After this a member of staff after getting through security was rude to me for now reason!!!! A joke!
I've been in several airports around the world and as faras airports go, McCarran is fine.. . I've been here a few times now and I still smirk when I see the slot machines and the old ladies playing them... we're in an airport, calm your fiending ways, woman!. . McCarran usually includes a bit of walking, especially if you're changing planes.. . It's not very busy, but during times Las Vegas would be busy, bet your butt that McCarran is busy too.. . Related to this is my review of the Subway that's in McCarran - it's horrible!
I always like arriving at @LASairport McCarran International Airport because it is always such a site to see. They have all the shops and restaurants, all the slot machines making sounds and all the posters of the latest shows. I even like the weird looking giant lizard stone decorations that you pass by before getting into the tram. . . One of my other favorite things about this airport is that they have charging stations - benches were you can sit and charge your phone/laptop and other technology device. Aside from this they have outlets at every column in the seating area. . . Lastly, I love how clean this airport is. With the millions and millions of folks who go in and out of Vegas. It is simply amazing how well maintained this airport is
This place is not bad. They are constantly doing construction and remodeling which is inconvenient. There are not a lot of restaurants, but who wants to eat at the airport any way. They do have long lines if you are coming or leaving any time there is a large convention. I think their largest conventions are in the beginning of Jan. I believe it's during the first week or so where they get more than 100,000 people in town. There are slot machines so that is fun for me. The place is huge so it will be a walk no matter where you are going. Also parking is ridiculously expensive.
its a basic airport - funny though, you'd think Vegas would have something spectacular
It's positives: Free WI-FI, a real bonus; fairly large bathrooms and a "choice" in dining. You can gamble in the terminal. They move LONG LINES of people through their check in and security lines really quickly, a huge plus. Las Vegas isn't Sleepy Hollow; you have to process large amounts of people relatively fast.. Negatives? If you can't smoke in the terminal, it sure smells like you can. The "choice" in dining is pretty standard stuff. It's carpeted which means you can't roll your bag easily.  If you have to take the tram, join the rest of the club who can't understand the signage. It was almost comforting, noting how confused people were in trying to figure out where the tram was going.
An okay airport.  Nothing really special here.  Getting through security didn't take too long and traveling through here was a stress-less occasion.  . . One thing to mention is the slot machines near the gates.  If you're feeling lucky you can get a couple of spins in before you leave so that's nice if you're the type to play slots.. . Props for having free Wi-Fi.  It was nice to have while I was waiting for my delayed flight.
MEH! It gets you to places..NOT as good as SFO or other major airports... . WIFI SUCKS!. Not enough power outlets to charge my phone. Looks old and outdated.... . But it does it job.. . I advise you to take the shuttle from the gates to the baggage...it was a good walk..but if you pack light and you don't want to wait...a good walk is nice after a flight.. . The line for the taxi was really fast and efficient.. . NOT BAD BUT NOT GREAT! GET BETTER WIFI!!!!
Well, this airport sure isn't boring if you're early and waiting for your flight. You can slowly play some penny slots and watch people. Don't go too fast on those buttons, though. You can lose your money pretty quickly. . It's a bit strange because you do get the Las Vegas newbies or kiddos who will watch you play from a distance as they've just gotten off of the plane. . . I played about two or three dollars in slots, ate a piece of Sbarro pizza at about 10am and looked out the window. While the airport is severely outdated compared to my town's airport, McCarran has the beautiful view out the window, and I usually stare out the window until I have to get on the plane, then  I'll usually resume my  staring trance, wishing I could stay in the desert mountains forever. . So... McCarran has that for it, naturally.. . So, really, all it needs is windows.   . . Jump back about 11 or 12 days.. . As soon as I got of my arriving plane, I saw a woman picking her husband's nose. That was pleasant. Actually, I think she was popping a pimple on it. . It seemed to take forever to get to teh baggage claim area, but that might have been because my shoulder bag was SO heavy. There were a couple of those moving walkways, though, so that made it a bit easier/quicker. . . The baggage claim area was filled with lights and posters and looked about the same as it did 20 years ago, if I remember correctly. . . We went outside to catch a shuttle and had to stand in the exhaust of all the incoming and outgoing taxis and shuttles that didn't happen to be going to the same place we were. That wasn't so pleasant.  . . I've been in much worse airports. The best thing that this airport has going for it is the beautiful scenery and nice, big windows that allow you to see this beautiful part of the country while you wait for your plane.
Arriving in the airport:  not a horrible walk/tram ride to the car rental bus, with enough signage to keep on track.. . Waiting in the airport to leave, I had more time to look around.  Decent amount of food choices.  Meh shops.  Slot machines to keep you occupied, although I found people watching more fun.. . Interesting that they'd have red eye flights (mine was to Tampa via Atlanta) but food places and shops would be closed.  This is one airport where I bet you'd make some $$ after 8pm.  Just saying.
Of course since you're in Las Vegas, there's gambling. Yes, even at the airport.. . The selection of stores and restaurants are about typical, and I've never seen a trainwreck of chaos at this airport; it's usually run pretty smoothly.. . The main downside is that there are multiple, confusing security lines for various gates. Some concourses even have first class and regular security lines at different locations, with poor signage telling you where to go.
Love that they have slot machines in there. I've never eaten there, but sure the food is overpriced.....it's Vegas and it's airport food.. . We wanted to cab it to the hotel and that line for the taxis was INSANE. We saw like 5 rows of lines that stretched to the end of the airport, but we didn't know we had to go around the hotel and walk like 3 more lines. It took us about 20-30 minutes to finally get a cab. So, be prepared!. . Celebrity sightings so far - Penn and Teller and Flavor Flav....yeah boyyy!
I've been through this airport tons of times and the only good thing about it are the slot machines!! it's a little run down, but I'm used to that...hello? HNL anybody?!. . TSA are OK here, I never had a problem with them...
This airport has two really, really different sides...part of it is nice, new, airy, clean. The other part, however, it run down, dark, dirty and depressing. It's kinda like Vegas itself. It's also kinda like the people who live in Vegas itself :) . . Generally, it's an easy airport to get in and out of. Cabs and limos about, but a lot of them are sketchy and there to prey on unsuspecting tourists. Research your transportation options ahead of time, on Yelp or elsewhere, to make sure you don't get screwed. I have never rented a car here (I tend to not be in the condition to drive when in Vegas), so I cannot comment on the setup. . . Food options are generally pretty decent, with the price you would expect at the airport. Check-in can be surprisingly fast considering how many flights there are here. TSA can be a bottleneck but isn't terrible, and the staff are not overly rude. Slot machines abound, but I hate slots (and rarely gamble as is), so I cannot comment about their odds...my guess is even worse than normal slots (if that's possible).. . This place is fine, even in a city where it doesn't have to be. I mean, admit it, even if the airport were a cardboard box where you were physically and mentally abused upon entering and exiting, you'd still come to Vegas. Admit it!
Not the best airport I have been to but at least you can play slots while you are waiting on your flight. I normally do not win anything while here but did happen to win $160 bucks about a few years ago on the 5 cent slots. So anything can happen!!. . There is a nice selection of  food and coffee here. . . Never had a problem with baggage or getting a taxi to and from this airport.
Not a big fan of this airport. I do like the slot machines to kill time and lose more money!! Not sure which terminal, but its a long way from the main area! Need to take a tram there? But other than that, it's OK.
You'd think Vegas would have a rockin airport, but this one is actually kind of shabby as airports go. But the option to 'buy' yourself a seat at a slot machine while you wait for a flight is unmatched.
I don't like this airport. Straight up. I mean the only thing I DO like about it is that "you're in Vegas!" or "ok, it's been a blast, time to go home" other then that, nothing special about this airport. I don't like taking trams or to get within the same airport and McCarran has it. . . I come here from southern California and when I land, I usually want to get the heck out of here! Part of it is because I don't like the airport, and the other part is I wanna get on the strip... it's 50/50.. . A big plus for this airport is FREE WI-FI! It was a 2 star, but I'm a sucker for free wi-fi, I think it helps in so many ways and cuts your wait time down significantly (if you're bored of course)
Its an airport, there's nothing THAT special about it.. oh except the slot machines! Just in case you didn't lose enough money on the strip, you have one last chance to offload all your hard earned cash!
I've been through this airport something like 17 times according to my Foursquare check in's. . . It's actually a pretty good airport once you get used to the quirks. . . Quirks: . . C and D gates are at a remote terminal. If you're going to make your flight, arrive a little bit early so you can clear security and hop on the tram.. . If you fly American Airlines, which attach to the D gates, this means baggage claim is 1.5 - 2 miles from where you land. Therefore....don't check bags if you can help it. Takes a while.. . Bonuses:. . Free wifi. A little slow but it's free.. . Crowd handling - Obviously this place gets slammed every weekend. So they're capable of handling a bunch of people.. . The ability to gamble while you wait. I made $300 doing this recently.. . . Downsides:. . A lack of healthy food options....it can be done, it's just not easy for you.. . You NEED to pay attention to what day of the week it is. Otherwise you'll get stuck in a long line of hungover tourists leaving and miss your flight. Priority Access helps but does not completely remove this problem.
Its an airport what can you write about? Its usually Terminal 2 for us because we fly Hawaiian Airlines. They added a self check-in but I still use the counter. Nice friendly people. Security lines go pretty fast. Bathrooms are alway clean. Could use a little more variety when it comes to the eating places available sorry but Burger King and Pizza Hut dont cut it. Always enjoy the slot machines! One last chance to hit it big! Haha, right!
I always fly in on SWA from LA or Burbank.  I'm bummed that they redesigned the C terminal.  The walk to the tram is pretty far now.  That's a bitch if you're partially handicapped.  Other than that, where else can you waste several hundred dollars on video poker and slot machines while waiting for your flight.  LOL
Never been to Terminal 1 since Hawaiian flies out of Terminal 2, but I've come to know Terminal 2 like the back of my hand. Love that there is a Burger King and Pizza Hut to grab something to eat while waiting to board. Can't say that you can never win at the slot machines in the airport since our friend won $300 off the poker machines. The TSA agents at the security check in are rude but the Hawaiian Airlines people are great!
Another trip to Vegas, another trip to McCarran.  . . I don't hate it, but its never going to be one of my favorite airports.  I just don't understand why they don't open their security check points till almost 5am?!?  Every trip out here, I get to the security area too damn early and then have to wait outside.  . . At least there's good food and slot machines once I get inside.
Try the pretzel dogs. They are good.
Gazillions of tourists coming and going all year round... Anybody complaining should realize how much business this airport gets from mildly retarded, inebriated tourists and then ask themselves if they're doing a good job. I fly in and out of here every week and I think they do a pretty good job considering the short bus tourists and bonehead TSA agents.. . The food options aren't the best and the prices are ridiculous! Subway is a prime example in the neighborhood of $12 for a 6" sub. Subway can go eff themselves for that price!
It's as good as an airport gets.......... . Airports suck!!!!!! LOL
Arrival on a Thursday night was fine but departing on a Monday morning at 7:30...not so good!. . Super long lines for the security! If my flight wasn't delayed, I would've missed my flight. A friend had her bag looked through and we got delayed even more. Security doesn't care if you're latefor your flight. They care about safety. So make sure to get to the airport early and be ready to go through long lines for security.. . There were 5 of us and we took a taxi to our hotel. It was about $25 so pretty cheap when you divide that between 5 people.
Never had a problem with McCarran Airport.  I've traveled in and out of this location a number of times over the past several years and had good experiences each time.
Actually, not a bad airport after all.  The tram reminds me of Seattle and the airport is clean & modern.  Something I can't say for HNL International.  Much better food vendors here than the pathetic selection at LAX.  . . Flight coming here from LAX was full of excited, wide-eyed and hopeful pilgrims.  Reverse flight after Labor Day weekend wasn't so cheery as people looked beaten down, almost somber. . . LAS even has slots at the gates so you can try your luck or run it further in the hole.  Pick your poison.  Only drawback was the transport vans being outside.  In summer heat, it's crazy hot!  Insane heat vapors rising everywhere.  Once 'This would be a shity place to die', crossed my mind, my van pulled up.  Ah, thank you Jesus!. . My last Vegas entry for awhile.  Adios Vegas!  Already looking forward to my next visit.  Hopefully it's not in another ten years, ha!. . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xkc-en0_LGY. . #Yelp 365:  058/365
It's decent. I wish the shuttles to the hotels took debit. They only take cash, and there is no clear idea if it goes to your hotel. You just have a guy saying "Yeah I can get you there" which reminded me of those private taxi cabs in New York. He didn't take us to our hotel by the way. We were dropped off at Planet Hollywood and had to walk to the Grand Chateau. . . Overall, it's pretty big and has that Las Vegas style. So when you land, you know you're in Vegas.
Leaving Las Vegas on 9/11.  We were advised to come really early because of increased security.  My friend, the ultimate early bird, decided 6 am was perfect for our 9am flight.  Huh??  WT* are we gonna do for 3 hours??  I lost the battle and got into the car...grrr.  We were transported from the rental car return (herded actually) by bus to the terminal.  Most folks still sleepy, the young ones still drunk...  ahhh, the memories.  We all zipped through security in minutes.  Now we're set to wait...and wait...and wait.  My friend, the early bird, decides she's gonna have a go at the nickel machines one last time.  The rest of us, decide to watch.  She slips in a 20 and on the second push of a button wins ANOTHER 500 bucks!!  The rest of us walk away, defeated, shaking our heads.  We really don't want to hear her say how lucky it was that we arrived 3 hours early...  Bitter, party of 2!. . I part ways with my friends and head over to Virgin.  As I'm walking down toward the gate, a friendly guy is looking my way, I look around, no one else but me walkin, so I say Good Morning.  He says Good Morning back, in that Joey from Friends kinda way.  Huh? The voice sounds kinda familiar...  It was Vic Vegas, a contestant from The Next Food Network Star.  I stop and chat a bit and look to get somethin to eat.  Nothing in our gate area interests me.  Too bad Vic Vegas wasn't cookin breakfast...now that'd be worth gettin to the airport early to try.  BTW, I ended up with a bottle of water in Vegas and breakfast at Joannes Cafe in SSF when I got home.
No airport should have slots...hahahaah. It's really a big airport and they close the door after a short boarding period, so be aware! I almost missed my flight because I didn't know this and I got there when it should have been mid boarding but they closed the door early.
I love the casino in the airport. It took the rest of my money that the casinos didnt take.
Give urself more then enough time to go thru security, definitely not my favorite airport.
Not bad. This airport is really good at filtering people in an out of it. Guess that becomes a sort of art when you're an airport in Vegas.. . Haven't had a problem here at all, and there are plenty of things that can keep you entertained while you wait for your flight from slot machines to stores and food items gallore.. . Viva Las Vegas!
An older airport, but you always get that excitement as soon as you land, but when you leave, you just want to get the hell out of here. The lines to the taxis are always long, but move so quickly, you wouldnt even realize how many people are standing in line in front of you. Checking in is easy, as well as the security line, but I decided to get a pat-down instead of goign through the x-ray machine, and I think I waited over 5 minutes for female assistance. Maybe even 10. By that point, I should've just done the x-ray machine, but I was stubborn. The walk to Gate B takes FOREVER and a day. I think I am just too used to our nice little airport, SJC, so all the other airports seem a bit ghetto to me.
I generally end up in Vegas for business purposes so my flying into or out of McCarren happens on a Tuesday/Thursday.  My least favorite thing about getting through this airport is  having to check a bag at Southwest.  The line is almost always long because they don't ever open all of the self check -in kiosks.  An hour is usually enough time to make it to your gate without any anxiety.  Good amenities, although the C Terminal was undergoing quite a bit of construction the last time I was there.
Simple, not too far from town. Just watch out for slow moving people.
Not a bad airport.  Pretty easy to navigate.  Close to The Strip.
Pros:. . Loose slots (I always win a few bucks). Lady Gaga's "Poker Face" streaming in the baggage claim area.. Free WiFi. . Cons:. . Long waits to get through security. shuttles to the rental cars are kind of  drag
With as many people who pass through Vegas, it would be nice if the airport solicited additional vendors for food.  This airport lacks better dining options and with mandatory 2 hour prior to departure airport check in's, there is a lot of time to kill while waiting for the departure of your flight.  Otherwise, it's OK.
I'm just passing through, trying to get to my real destination!
My first time at this airport and I just don't understand how in the hell do they allow such nonsense as having their customers do "the green mile" walk to the gates and baggage claim. It felt like the longest walk ever just to get my stuff. Now I understand why there is a monorail. And just when you think you are done walking to your gate or baggage claim, BAM, more walking. Don't get me wrong, they do a good job is getting you around well. I will give them credit for that. . . I do give them props for having tons of places to eat besides a starbucks. I was happy to find a freaking a Cinnabon at the airport. I was so hungry that I didn't care for the price. But I would say though that if you are hankering for a hot dog, be aware that the place that sells it charges $5. Um yeah no! I have to be stuck at the airport for 9 hours before I cave in and buy one. . . The TSA agents are harmless and have a sense of humor. That made the screening process painless and quick. . . Other than the walking and the overpriced food, the airport is clean and the restrooms were clean which was a major plus. . . A note to self: wear comfortable walking shoes next time.
It's flashy, just like Vegas. They have slots in the airport (the tightest slots in the land, from what I hear) and the usual spate of chain eateries and Starbux. It smells like cigarettes, anticipation and desperation in here. . . I'm so spoiled by PDX. But I guess the good thing is that when I'm arriving at McCarran I know I'm in for a good time and when I pass through on the way out I'm just glad to have escaped The Strip with my life and whatever remaining $$ I happened to sneak out with. . . Oh, and the line for taxis is always ridic. You think they'd come up with a better solution.
Over the last 8-9 years, I've flown into the Vegas airport numerous times. Not because I'm a big party animal, but because I have family who lives there. It's always funny to see people's reaction when I tell them I go there to visit my niece/nephew and not to party or gamble. They just can't seem to comprehend it.... . Anyhoo, this airport is fine for what it is. It has a worn down feel to it. Not sure if the slot machines are a pro or con, since I'm not a gambler. And the restaurant options leave much to be desired.. . However, this airport isn't BAD, either. Security is generally amiable. Flights are generally on-time no matter which airline you fly. I guess there really aren't many weather issues here (vs. fog in SFO or snow in Denver). If you check your bag, it's pretty easy to find the carousel that you need. And if someone is picking you up, parking in the garage is cheap ($2/hour) and the drive-by pickup is easy too.. . I don't cringe when booking a flight into McCarran, but I don't necessarily jump up and down with excitement, either. It's just a means to an end in my world.
It's Vegas folks.. . Even if you came on a business trip, you know some pleasure and leisure will be mixed in at some point. . . McCarran Airport is very clean, well organized and it sounds and looks just as a Las Vegas airport should. Glitzy billboards for various shows, hotels and restaurants catch your eye. Lots of town car and limo drivers greeting you out of the gate and the unmistakable Vegas sound of coins dropping out of a slot machine. It's an assault on your senses. . . Cheesy? It's Vegas, of course it's cheesy! But, this city is a chameleon, you time here can be anything you want it to be ;-)
Fly in and out of Vegas here every time. Not that exciting of an airport, but it doesn't really need to be when you have one of the most exciting cities right outside your doors. . . The cab rides are super expensive, so that sucks.
Not as glitzy as you'd think a Las Vegas airport should be. It's pretty small and seems kind of dated but it gets the job done. Of course there are many slot machines throughout but they seem pretty old and they didn't grab my interest enough for me to want to play any of them. If I'm gonna lose money, I'd rather do it in a 5-star hotel/casino while being handed free drinks.. . One nice thing about the airport is its proximity to the strip. It's only about 3 miles away from the heart of Vegas.
Easy to get through.  Some casino games you can play.  Free Wifi which is great.  But overall just ok.
I don't like that all the gates are not connected. I wanted to eat lunch with someone going to the other gates, there was no decent food in the common area, and it was impossible for one of us to go through security twice and still make our plane, had we chosen to eat behind one of the security checkpoints. . . The history of aviation display is awesome. It's a collection of memorabilia from Nevada aviation pioneers. It's worth the time to check it out, the coolest thing I sam on my short trip to LV.
You know you're in Vegas when you see slots before baggage pickup.  Was pretty clean and baggage pickup was easy.
This place is dirty - they need to hire more people to clean the trash off the floor and the puke off the sidewalks. . . So, why not 1 or 2 stars? Well, because there are slots while you wait, a fair amount of places to eat, free wifi, and lots  of security lanes.
Looks dated. Easily walkable with a good layout.. . I appreciated finding outlets down by baggage claim to recharge my phone while waiting for another person to fly in. Sat by a wall for about an hour and no one hassled me.. . When I was waiting to fly out there was a Verizon free phone charging area by Gate L6.
McCarran is voluminous and aging, kind of like the LV convention center.  The majority of the airport could use a face-lift, especially the interior silver facade that lines much of the access ways headed to terminals and gate areas.  However, cannot complain about the efficiency of departing; I've never stood in a security line longer than 15 minutes, and my fellow Bears and I have been to Vegas probably 12 to 15 times over the past few years, and have departed at various times/days without trouble.  The airport generally does not experience weather delays, so that's a plus too.  We've used the Continental lounge as well, which is small but comfortable and clean.  The only issues this airport has to contend with outside of an overhaul are the speed at which bags arrive at the baggage carousels,  and occasionally the long taxi rides.  I've rented a car here on multiple occasions and have never had any difficulties or long waits, etc.
Just what one expects to see when they arrive in Vegas -- bam slot machines.  It was like welcome to Vegas get ready to spend some coin.  . I've been in cleaner airports, but once again it's Vegas.  . I'm not sure if this always happens, but be prepared to stand in a long, long line for a taxi.  I mean the line is like Disney World line long. It moved pretty fast.
Yelp Challenge 365  # 66/365. . I remember what McCarran looked like before the new addition of termnail and am constantly reminded of it when I fly into Las Vegas on Hawaiian Airlines. Hawaiian is located at the old part of the terminal; isolated more or less from the other carriers. . . That said- don't try to make any connections to other airlines unless you have AMPLE time. It's about a 10 minute walk to the other terminal or, you could rider their shuttle. Either way, allow yourself time.. . Their ground transportation system is sort of confusing. Limos? Private Limos? Door to Door Shuttles? All forms of transportation but they are not all in one place.  If you are renting a a car; you'll need to stand by the car rental bus stop. The bus will take you to the Rent A Car Central where all the rental companies are.. . Upshot is they have great food concessions just in case you have time to stop and eat. While I've never looked for souveniers at the airport, I do see quite a few stores for the last minute shopper.. . There are definitely better airports around but! Just 1 airport to deliver us to the 9th Island.
They have got to spice up the place a bit more. But I do love the amount of stores, food places, and slots they have. Actually, the slots need to be updated too. But yeah, it has got just about everything you need to keep you entertained while you wait for your flight.. . You WILL be standing in a long line for the Taxi's. It's a guarantee. The service is great and my flights have always been on time. Thankfully. But hey if your flight is not on time, you've got A LOT to do while you wait.
Decent. Old, but relatively clean.. . Baggage claim is a welcome site, foreboding good times to come. . . Take a hotel shuttle if you're alone, else, taxi is equivalent in price, but takes less than 1/2 the time.. . Not much else to say, aside from lol @ slot machines right outside of the gates.. . My name is Boris Yelpsin, and I approve this message.
there's slot machines near the boarding areas LOL
OK airport overall.  It always makes me smile that there are slot machines in the various concourses for those who can't wait or can't get enough on the way home.  Rumor has it they are tight as hell.  Shocking...
Southwest doesn't have those touch screen kiosks.  It takes forever.  I hate their drop off area.  Frikking sucks.  . . This airport is lucky that it's my only hope to arrive in Land of Sins.  You would think, the amount of tourist they get every year they'd improve on their airport. . . The Slot machines suck I don't know why I always play before I leave and never win anything. sucks!. . The baggage claim here is so inconvenient and confusing.  Although, I do like that the baggage claim signs alert you if your carriage has moved.
Why is that I know I won't ever win, but I decide to sit my ass down at the slot machine and lose 10 bucks! lol  That's a friggin meal at the airport I could have gotten!  Oh well, Never fails, when I have a layover here...its so tempting to stick that money in the machine.  haha
McCarran is a decent airport all considered.. . I've been through here a few times so this will be my attempt at a combined review addressing some of the other reviewers comments.. . Flying Southwest - I'm not sure why people are saying they don't have touch screens, but... they do.  McCarran combines multiple airlines into a single kiosk.  All the kiosks along the windows by Southwest are Southwest (and additional airline) kiosks.  Southwest flies out of concourse C, which seems to have pretty quick security lines (far right along the wall where C & D - first class, lines are).. . Flying United - United is easy enough if you're a regular flier.  The usual kiosks and desks are available.  I can't tell you much about the regular D security lines, but the first class line can be a pain.  The line leads up to one or two security stations, but is allowed to filter to any.  When people up front aren't aware of this, the line backs up.  Also, plan for a bit of extra time since concourse D is a decent tram ride and walk.. . Other stuff - Yes, there are slot machines here, and I don't know why people complain since loss and gambling seem to go together.  There is a gift shop, etc... If you're flying with other folks on different airlines, hang out with them BEFORE security, since you will not be going to the same place.  I also think the signs here are lacking, which leaves people looking around for where they're going.. . Overall... well who cares about the airport?  You're headed to McCarran for other reasons.
I never have any issues when it comes to the McCarran airport.  . . When departing the security lines are quick and organized. . . When you land here everything is marked as where to go.  The taxi guy has a great system of loading people in the 20+ cab slots.
I flew through AA on my way to and from McCarran.. . The airport is easy to navigate. The shuttle system to and from terminal D is easy to use and lots of signage makes it easy to find your way.. . Security was just ok- a little slow and disorganized, but it didn't take too long to get through.. . THe options for dining before the flight aren't that great in terminal D, so make sure to plan for that.. . The taxi situation to and from the airport was fine though I definitely got a little ripped off on my way to my hotel because my taxi there was almost twice the amount of my taxi to the airport after my trip. Next time I'll make sure I know my way through a google search so I don't get ripped off.
I Absolutely hate....HATEEEEE picking anyone up from here who's just coming In from a domestic flight and I REFUSE to wait and pay for temp parking, It's a bit pricey. The passenger parking Is located on the 2nd floor and It's always REALLY busy, It's just AWFUL! If your picking someone up from here and you don't want to park PLEASE PLEASE make sure they're already there, there's no waiting allowed and they pushy parking attendants make sure your abiding by this rule. It's not as chaotic If your traveling internationally, It's much smaller and not as congested. Parking Is located RIGHT In front and the cabs are lined up before It.  . . I like McCarran Airport because It's NOT a big, scarey, confusing airport, at least as long as you know how to read and look for the signs. McCarran Is pretty well maintained for being built In the late 60s.
It's very convenient to the Strip, but the food is awful.  Just make sure you eat before you get to your gate.  You will be grossly disappointed.
Not that bad of an airport... its a little small but FREE WIFI? i was stuck at the airport from 6am - 1pm but i got by with FREE WIFI! I camped out at the few computer areas. They really need more plugs. . . Sigh last time i was here was for my best friends bachelor party. not coming back here anytime soon!
Vegas is Vegas. Loud noise, flashy lights and over the top everything. The airport follows suit well.. . Slot machines at the gates and all the shops you could want to pick out a be-dazzled outfit before flying home.. The restaurants are a bit lacking and the patrons coming and going from this airport are the RUDEST people I have met in my travels.
Pretty decent airport and much bigger than it was when I was growing up. We flew into the newer terminal and had to take a tram to get our bags and we flew out of the older terminal but it could use a little (or a lot) of updating. . . As far as airports go, this is probably one of the easiest to get in and out of. Must be due to the 43 Million passengers that come through every year!
Close to the strip. Shuttles are easy to take to get to your gates. There are plenty of food choices in the airport. The rental car places are off-site, but there are shuttles that will take you to the airport. Give yourself at least an extra 20 minutes if you're renting a car. Slot machines everywhere to take your money...I've tried 3 times and lost every time, so I'm guessing NO ONE wins at the airport. Darn!
So after spending 5 hours here during my last visit I suppose I can give an accurate review. there aren't allot of food options here before the gate, so make sure and wait to get pass security to get some grub. Getting a taxi at  the airport is pretty much quick and painless even around busy times, but be aware to taxi should cost you over $25 to get to the strip ( yea I learned the hard way). I guess seeing the slot machines once again on my departure just added insult to loosing all my money injury.
I like the view of the strip coming into town - always have.. Gambling in the airport is hilarious.. Meh, it's an airport.
I've been to vegas a few times.. but this was the first time I've been in the airport... although it was just a short stop... they had a small variety of food (in the area where our gate was).. and slots if you want to play!
Make sure and give yourself ectra time here, you WILL wait in line.  Videos you watch while waiting are comical and entertaining.
Slot machines in an airport?? Um..ok. As far as airports go, it's pretty middle-ground. Nothing super-special, and nothing too horrible. Just alright.
Hello Las Vegas!!! They need more restaurants in the B terminal...
Gateway to Sin City....  I've taken multiple trips here via Virgin America in the last few years and this airport serves its purpose. Security lines are long but the screeners are pretty efficient. . . Their drive by pick up is efficient and the loop isn't too confusing to navigate. Rental car is off site which makes pick up and drop off efficient but adds about 20 minutes to the entire trip on either ends.
Free wifi!  Lucky for free internet because this airport just earned an extra star. . . It's hard for me to rate airports because they all suck.  This one could use a face lift but I think all of the slot machines are distracting enough.  Really?  Like we're not going to spend any more money while we are here. The sad thing is that most people feel the need to play slots assoon as the de-plane.. . It's not a very big airport so getting lost is not likely.
Its an Airport, you've seen one you've seen them all. Bunch of people in a hurry looking annoyed. I will not be giving it 5 stars but at least they have video poker.
The airport is large and most of the places to eat are close to each other. If you are a frequent traveler and opted in of the TSAs pre screening, getting through security is a breeze. . . There also numerous shops on which to buy books and magazines. There are also numerous specialty shops so it's easy to spend time between layovers. . . My biggest complaint about the airport is the free wifi. While it's great they offer free wifi, I found the connection fairly unreliable on my iPhone.
I was a little shall we say unimpressed with McCarran International Airport because it just felt a little word down. Maybe I was expecting more glitz and glam for the city that is full of lights and over the top swagger but this airport resembled a tourist who spent a few too many days on the strip. . . The slot machines are a bit exciting as there isn't gambling in my hometown but besides that, this reminds of a run of the mill airport. . . The upside is the staff who were assisting in the shuttle and cab areas were super helpful and gave us tips on how much a reasonable fare costs and to advise the cabbie to not take the highway route to the strip as it is much more expensive.. We ended up paying around $18 to get from McCarran to The Venetian because of this sound advice. . . We learned the hard way on the way back to McCarran to definitely let the cabbie know that you want to avoid the highway on the way to the airport because he stuck us with a $30 fare instead!
Bad airport. People are too nice, and if you come from where I come from, nice = slow. And that's exactly what this airport is. I guess they have to be nice to hungover people leaving on Sunday afternoons, right?. . For frequent flyers: no priority lines at TSA from what I could tell.. . The terminal itself looks decent and there's a good selection of restaurants inside. Oh, and if you're really itching to gamble a bit more, there's plenty of slot machines lying around. Gotta love Nevada.
This is a good airport, clean and updated.  The baggage claim is a little confusing your first time, I think it could be better organized to keep travelers informed of where their stuff will be.  The airport is pretty big, but easy to navigate.  The taxi line can be very long at times, but it moves quick;y since there are a ton of taxi stops and there is always a long line of taxis waiting.  My biggest complaint would be the security check in procedure.  There is more of a crowd and less of a line to go through security making it very hectic and slow.  Other than that though, this place is good, theres a bunch of slot machines, a Wells Fargo, Starbucks and many other familiar businesses.
McCarran is pretty standard as far as airports go and its pretty easy to get around. Food selection is generic and overpriced but that's to be expected from any airport. Having slot machines all over the place are a nice touch so even people that are just catching a connecting flight can experience a little bit of Vegas.
Decent enough; going through construction in Terminal C for Southwest flights, so will be much nicer when it's done.
This airport is easy to navigate and is close to the strip.  Food choices are heavy on fried stuff (at least in Delta terminal) but there's a pretty good variety.. . Bathrooms are clean. Security line was really efficient.  I lost big in Vegas and was very depressed flying out, but  I won't let that fact allow me to give this a negative review.  I'll leave that for my own behavior (that gets zero stars)
Baggage claim is very efficient, and ground transportation is readily available.. . Check-in process is quick, and they know how to "churn and burn" people through the TSA checkpoint.  . . Ditto everyone else on dining options...I recommend you grab a meal on the strip before you head towards the airport.. . The one, and only one positive are the slot machines.  I'm a sucker for penny slots...
Pretty easy airport to get around.. . Shuttles are around $5-6 per person to get to the Strip. You could get a limo or a taxi too if you have enough people.. . And what other airport has slot machines for you to play one last time before going home? ;)
I love that they have slots right next to the gates....for the people who can't wait to get to the strip when they land, and the people who are trying to break even before they go home.  I've been lucky lately to not have to take the tram for anything.  Not a fan of the tram. Not sure why.  I'm not weird.
Ay, what can I say? It's an AIRPORT. By American Airport standards McCarran probably ranks about a four. But anyone who's been to Chiangi Airport in Singapore or Munich Airport or even Bangkok Airport can tell you how inefficiently even the most efficient airport in America operates.. . Nonetheless, check-in at McCarran was fast and easy and despite the long security line I got through pretty quickly which was great since I was hung over.. From there getting to my gate was not a problem. I have to say that TSA at McCarran were the nicest and most laid back I've experienced at any airport in this country. . . Again, citing my hungover state, it would have been nice to have more food (as in hangover food) venues in my immediate gate area. A smoothy wasn't going to cut and the lone Mexican place had a long line (and the site of margaritas scared me and sent me in the other direction). So for America, not a bad airport.
Three stars for the slot machines and excellent people watching. As an airport it's not bad, though the super long walk we had between gates due to the construction was annoying with all our baggage. I'm sure this will be remedied in the future, though!
They need better food options. It's dirty and smelly. But what can I expect, its the gateway to sin city!
Not a bad airport overall, they have the new security scanners that you are required to go through otherwise they give you a thorough fondling in front of God and everybody...not a fan of that...They are either going to see it or feel it...in detail, so be prepared for that.
Like the city of Las Vegas, the McCarran International Airport is always getting an upgrade!. . PERKS:. - Free WiFi. - You can gamble at their slot machines!. - Their Southwest Airlines are on time! (from the times I've traveled...). . DIRTS:. - Crazy zoo! People can be pushing you!. - Smells like people have been smoking. - Not enough places to eat (not cool if you've got a layover). - Directions not quite clear, I wish they posted more signs on where to go. It can be confusing!. - Dirty bathrooms (I think they need more lighting and attention). . Alas, decent airport that I've been to. Not the best, yet not the worst. It's a 2 hour flight to/from Portland (if you fly straight) and a 1 hour flight to/from LA. I wouldn't mind flying here if I didn't want to drive to Vegas!
Yeah, it's an airport.  I have been to Vegas twice lately--once in May, and just last week.  It actually seems like the security has its act together more!  Last May, it took twice as long to get through security as it did this time.  Last time, it was kind of a cluster...  Much better this time around.. . Like other posters have said, you are sort of limited in dining ($16 for a cheeseburger?!  LAME!)  and do NOT go to the Chili's Too.  They have a limited menu and terrible service!!!!. . But the bathrooms were clean, and security had improved, so that's pretty sweet!
Just another airport. On busy weekends? Be smart get there early as lines can get extremely long. But you do get free wifi. Other than that it's just a place where i try to sober up before i head home...
A busy airport.   Lots of shopping and slot machines.  Not really a favorite of mine but not bad either.
Rerouted through Las Vegas on a Southwest flight. Quick 45 before jetting off. Slot machines, jewelry, and expensive gift shops everywhere for the big money rollers, cheesy Barry Manilow music for the Don Johnson balding types, strong smell of cigarettes and cool pine air freshener absorbed into the musty air makes me nauseous and overwhelm my senses!. . If you like to people watch this is a great place for that. Makes me wonder who hit the jackpot and who struck out; who played the big-baller games and who spent their days with bucketfuls of quarters in front of themed slot machines; who broke the rules and who is remorseful; who got a good night's sleep and who is still hammered!. . Starbucks and Coffee Bean, Miss Fields, Pizza Hut, Hudson News and more.. . Overall two stars and an extra one for free wifi!
Traveling through McCarran was easy.  The TSA was friendly and helpful.  It's easy to get from place to place.. . I liked the fact that they had a designated passenger pick-up area, instead of my ride having to circle endlessly at baggage claim to find me.  Especially since he hadn't seen me in four years and might not have recognized me otherwise!
Clean, quick to get through security.  Be warned - depending on when you arrive, the taxi lines could be massively long and take about 45 minutes to one hour wait to get a taxi...
This is my main airport for arrival/departure to/from Vegas. While it's not up to date like other airports such as the San Jose, Sacramento, or SF airport... it's still quick and efficient. Check in before hand so that all you need to do is print out your boarding ticket/check in your bags. This airport is cool because it's the only airport i've been to that has SLOT MACHINES while you wait!  I was lucky enough to win $10 from a dollar. :) Recently, there has been a lot of construction.. I believe they're attempting to make it look nicer and more up-to-date. Happy Travels!
The southwest terminal C needs a facelift.  It smells funny. The terminal also needs healthier food restaurants. Terminal D is quite nice, it has better restaurants and shops. Terminal A and B also need a facelift and better restaurants.  They seem to have a lot of sweet shops. . . Free wi-fi!
Only one out of the four terminals in this place is decent.  The others are so old, I think I saw an ad for Geritol.  Do they still make that stuff?. . Anyway, if this airport was in any other city, I would be giving it two stars.  It's fine, but nothing great.  They really need to put a few of those casino dollars back into the place and update it.  And those mannequins showing old uniforms of people who used to work there?  Scary.  Pretty sure they come alive at night and try to hop on a plane out of there.
AKA - LAS. McCarran International Airport has two public passenger terminals. Other terminals service private aircraft, US government contractors, sightseeing flights and cargo.
Restaurants can be a little far to get to if you're in the wrong terminal.  Also if you have a connection from terminal B to C, you'd better run, because it is about a 12 minute walk.. . The scenery is nice, and it's all what I hate about Vegas.  Gambling everywhere.  Gambling, security to make sure no one steals anything, cameras, ...
The opening and closing stop to either being happy or sad.  I think this airport needs a little remodeling and maybe a small expansion.. Kinda outdated. But everything is easy to maneuver through
Only airport I know that has slot machines EVERYWHERE!  Luckily I didn't get sucked in...
Meh. There is a good selection of food here, but I don't like the tram thing. I guess that is better than walking the whole way. Its also strange that the car rental is a good 2 or more miles away. Better plan your time for the return flight!!
You can still have last minute casino/gambling/drinking time before you leave!  Or right when you arrive.  Isn't that already unique in itself?. . Food wise, not too much to choose from, but you get that in many airports.  It does have more variety than others, since it's apretty big airport, at least!  I also like how you can take a shuttle to your hotel (so take that vs a taxi if you're only with one other person/yourself), and the fact that it's only about 3 miles away from the strip.
Pretty standard airport. Food options were pretty weak, so don't go here hungry. Security lines weren't bad, although we flew out on a Saturday evening. . . I was impressed by the swiftness and organization in getting people into taxis upon arrival. . . Oh, and the airport has free wi-fi. I certainly can't complain about that.
McCarran airport is much like Las Vegas itself - huge, sprawling, kitschy, and designed to appeal mostly to tourists. . . Southwest has more daily departures from LAS than any other airport in their system. Therefore, if you're flying to or from the west coast, chances are good that you might wind up changing planes here. That's a blessing and a curse. On the one hand, the clear, sunny weather that Vegas has nearly every day means odds are low that you'll experience a weather-related delay (compared to say, MDW, for example). On the other hand, the terminals are so sprawled out that you might have a very long schlep from gate to gate.. . If you're transferring planes here, get your food at whatever airport you're originating from, as I'm willing to bet the options, quality and prices will be better.
"What happens in Vegas, ends up on Facebook, Youtube, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest, Yelp, and Urbanspoon, just a friendly reminder.". . There's nothing like landing in an airport and having slot machines (over 1200) striking their moneymaking noises everywhere. Yup, you're in Vegas. This out dated airport is more of a representation of the old downtown Vegas then the more upscale and modern strip.. . I really wish Clark County had some money they can use to build a new airport. The renovations and expansion of the D gates are an improvement but it still lacks in amenities and capacity as compare to other modern airports that I used.. . The main deficiencies are dining options. There needs to be more places to eat then just California Pizza Kitchen and Ruby's Diner. It's not exactly what you expect after having extravagant brunches and dinners at some of the best restaurants in the country. A lot of reviews mention the funky, Elvis hip swinging, sleezy casino smell; I didn't notice it in the newer D gates.. . I do like the friendly service from the people working in the airport to the people running the cab lines to even the TSA security. The security and cab lines look long but it usually goes through pretty fast.. . If you want to save a few dollars with the cab ride, don't pay by credit card. It's inticing to swipe the card till you find out later they bill you a "voucher" fee of $3 bucks. It's really a ripoff because they don't tell you explicitly it's a fee; instead disguising it in ambiguous wording as a "voucher". Anyways, that's just the start as you will eventually get your shirt taken in the casinos or max out your debit card in the strip bars. Well, just consider that the entertainment cost. . . Love the free wi-fi though. Don't forget to try your luck at the slots before you board. Give your last dime away before the next trip.
Just fine, no complaints or compliments.
Other than SFO, nicest non pervy douchey TSA. Food options aren't world class either, unless you like burger king and pizza hut.
As a McCarran employee of more than 2 years now, & an air traveler of domestic & international airlines, I have given McCarran 3 stars. For being the airport of Vegas, & in comparison to other airports, LAS actually isn't ever too crowded or busy. The security lines aren't unreasonably slow. If they are, we all know what type of passenger to blame! Although there are rude TSAs here & there. But what other government employee is different? The selection of your airline can really make or break your experience. Many people get lost in this place. There's bars, resturants, & fast food selections. & how can you forget our slot machines? However, LAS doesn't get 5 stars from me for it's overall atmosphere. It's pretty gloomy in the main terminal & areas can get really messy. It needs updating on it's old airport looks. The place really isn't too clear of where you're suppose to go because of the somewhat confusing signs.  One thing I also wish is that this place was more Vegas welcoming. But overall, the most important thing is that things run smooth around here. You can come an hour to an hour & a half before departure, & you can make it to your plane! Don't forget to look out for the many celebrities we run into.
The only thing remarkable, and noteworthy about this airport is the slot machines. They are everywhere! Expect hearing the sounds of slot machines as you get off the plane, and as you board to go home.. . The taxi stand can have a ridiculously long wait, so be sure to keep an eye out for lines opening up down the sidewalk. Also, the Southwest check-in line can be ridiculous in the mornings. It doesn't seem to matter when you are leaving Vegas. Just be sure to get to the airport early, to give yourself enough time to check in and get through security.
Honestly, this airport deserves a 2.  The airport is old and run-down.  The bathrooms are dirty.  The terminals are SO LONG - can we get more of those moving walkways?!  All 4 terminals (A,B,C,D) leads to the same baggage claim area so it's a huge cluster.  The taxi line is fairly efficient so that's okay.  Overall, it's a 2 star airport.. . BUT since it's the gateway to Sin City, I'll give it 3 stars.
When they say arrive 2hrs before your flight, they mean it.  It will absolutely take you that long on a good day when security isn't packed.  We arrived with only minutes to spare before boarding.  . . The problem? The airport is ridiculously huge and spread out.  The car rental center is 15 -20 minutes away from the actual airport and you may need to wait for the shuttle bus to arrive.  Then, if you have to check a bag, it will be another good wait since there are the bare minimum # of people working (at least at Delta).  Next comes the security gates, which if you are going to "D", be prepared to walk for awhile.  And they are not in a hurry either.. . The restrooms you pass as you enter the TSA line are the last for the next 20 miles. Or at least it feels that way when your Vente Iced coffee has passed through your system and you're about to burst. After the whole security mess, you will stand and wait for a tram, and that will drop you in an empty atrium.  That has no bathrooms at all.  Take the escalators for an elevation gain of 1K feet and just past the 100th set of slot machines, you will find your mecca.  The restrooms.  Ah, sweet relief.  Don't make the same mistakes I did.. . If you are arriving, be prepared to deal with baggage claim.  The depository for every single bag for every single person on every possible flight arriving from Vegas.  . . While there are plenty of amenities in the main areas and even more slot machines, I would hate to be stuck here for any amount of time.  Mostly because when you're done in Vegas, you just want to get the heck out of town.  And leave it all behind.
Its an airport with slot machines and blue burrito. WIN WIN BABY!. . Between work and visiting my family I'm here about once every two months or so. While its not a big airport, it is spread out. If you drove a rental car, make sure you are at the rental agency at least 2 hours before takeoff. It takes about 15 - 20 minutes to get to the airport from the rental agency. Also the lines at the airport are long at the ticket counter, skycap, and security.. . Once you get in there are 24/7 bars and restaurants. So if the weather is bad at your part of the country you'll be happy and safe in in the airport. If your a gambler there is slot machines all over the airport. Also there is a few shops that carry souvenir items. I usually end up at Ethel M or at Big Blue Burrito. I love there breakfast burrito!
I'm on the fence with this airport.  The taxi line can be a disaster.  If there are more than 4 of you, grab a limo.  There is no wait and it's much faster.  . . The airport itself is spread out way to thin.  If you have connecting flights on Southwest, be prepared to walk from B to C or vice versa.  No tram.  Kind of silly if you ask me.  Getting off the plane is easy though.  Direct to baggage claim and then your off.  The longest portion is the taxi line.
For the amount of people who travel through here, I am quite impressed at the efficiency through security. There was a long line at gate D , yet we were always moving at a good pace. There are also plenty of stores, gaming machines , and food to keep you entertained while there. My only complaint is that there is a lot of walking involved to get to your gate. Would be tough if you were rushing to catch your flight.. . Also getting to and from airport to strip is easy with the shuttles (6-7 dollars) or a taxi ($20-30) .
Yes, this is the primary airport in Las Vegas that everyone likely has or will use at some point when traveling here. Yes, there are slot machines if you are waiting for your flight and/or want to win some money outside of the Vegas Strip. In terms of food, no, I am generally not a fan of airport cafes and restaurants only because of their high prices and that doesn't translate to quality food either.. . The layout of the airport itself can be confusing at times and traffic in general can also be a nightmare at times, especially with all the cars, busses and taxis passing through. Also, you have to take one of the shuttle busses to get to their consolidated car rental center, which is about a 10 minute ride. On the other hand, if you're going from the rental car center back to the airport, you have to make sure you catch the right numbered bus, since one of them goes to the international terminal and the other to the domestic terminal and obviously you don't want to delay your travel time by like 30 minutes or so.. . When wrapping up my second time doing sightseeing in and around Las Vegas, my early afternoon flight got cancelled due to mechanical issues with a plane, so that forced me to stay an extra two hours until the next available flight back to home. I would like to see more seating at all the gates and overall more room to manuever, and again it's because of the high volume of foot-traffic that passes through on a regular basis. There are a few charging stations throughout the airport, but I think they need to add them at all the waiting areas and gates since the existing stations are always busy and there are a limited number of outlets and seats. Better yet, after spending quite some time in Vegas (and not even gambling, partying or drinking), I think I just wanted to get the hell out of there as quickly as possible, but as mentioned above, that wouldn't happen right there and then. The free wifi was rather inconsistent, at least while I was waiting (unless it was my laptop that kept freezing and having technical issues).. . Security checkpoint is pretty efficient and gets people though rather quickly, which I do like and am impressed with. I guess one other nice thing is that the airport is next door to the Vegas strip, so it's not too bad a location itself.
I feel ike this airport has definitely improved overtime.  However there are still some things lacking.  The restaurants need some major revamping.  One thing I LOVE about Vegas is the amazing selection of high end cuisine.  The airport doesn't have much and what they have isn't really great.  I do like how there are slot machines to keep me entertained if my flight is delayed or if I'm only stopping for a layover.
Arriving:. This airport is streamlined well. One thing that sets this place apart from other is they have different sections for the different modes of transportation you are wanting to take. We took a taxi to our hotel and getting one was a breeze. You get in one big line that the employee at the front direct you to a numbered line where there is a new taxi every time one pulls out. We didn't have to wait more than 2 minutes to be on the road. . . Departing:. . The line to security was long but went by quickly. They had 4 different lines that broke down to 2separate lines from there. There were employees everywhere that reminded you how to proceed through the line efficiently. . . There were places to eat everywhere, so no matter what terminal you were at you didn't have to go far to get something. There were a couple of recharging stations but they always seemed to be full with people that were there for a while. They could have used more plug-ins around. . . For those who like to gamble there were plenty of slots around to pass the time and you are able to drink in the airport.. . As far as airports go, I'd have to say this is number one.
Ugh, this airport is SO CONFUSING. There are so many damn luggage carriers and it's always so difficult to find the right one!. . This airport is definitely not up to date, but I guess I give it 3 stars just because there are slot machines in it... and because it's Vegas and when I land in Vegas, I'm suddenly THAT much happier.
Meh.... . . Is it an airport or an extension of the strip? You decide.... . P.S. Definitel plus: I can get organic specialty chocolate there at Ethel M - its AMAZING!!! Hands get slapped for even breathing on the box at my house.
Well, what can I say about the main airport serving the Las Vegas area? Honestly, McCarran International is not that much different than any other airport in most aspects. In fact, it is honestly a bit outdated and seemed to be lacking in shops and restaurants to keep one busy while waiting for their flight. In addition, the facilities seemed to be outdated, and could have used a good cleaning, in my humble opinion. . . So why give McCarran three stars instead of one or two? Well, as many others have pointed out, this airport is littered in slot machines. In fact, they are literally the first thing you see when arriving at the airport for the first time. It is kind of funny in a way. Does everyone enjoy gambling or slot machines? Probably not, but I mean come on, if you are visiting Las Vegas, chances are this is what you came to do. Plus, it is just such a novelty to me seeing slots in an airport that I had to bump McCarran up to three stars.
First the good.. . There is free WIFI and it's actually pretty quick.  I was able to download a TV show in just 30 minutes.  While significantly slower than being at home, it's much faster than most airport WIFI setups.. . The security here is fast, at least if you're in first or can use the first security lines.  They have a whole setup from start to finish just for the first class line, unlike most airports which force a merge after checking IDs.  This is helpful because of one of the major downsides of McCarran.. . Now the bad.. . My major problem with McCarran is the terminals are not connected airside. Not only are the terminals not connected, but sections inside Terminal 1 which could be easily connected are not.  In order to take advantage of the United Club in 1D when you are flying out of 1 A,B or C you must go through security twice.  When taking the tram to D you can literally see through a glass door to the A,B,C corridor.  Why is this door closed?  It must be better for business to allow passengers access to more shopping, dining and lounges?. . The older A,B,C section of Terminal 1 is well...old.  Parts of it are closed or empty and there really aren't a lot of shopping and dining options.  Here's one big reason to allow access to the D gates.. . McCarran was clearly designed with the pre 9/11 security world in mind.. . If you're flying out of Terminal 1 make sure you don't come too early. You won't have anything to do.  Maybe that's why they have all the slot machines.
It's an airport with slot machines... Seeing as I don't gamble... It's an airport. that about sums it up.
Blech. This is not one of my favorite airports, though high five for them cleaning this place up a bit. If I didn't know better, I think they got rid of the smoking areas. They were absolutely disgusting. Coming in, I have no idea why it was so hard to get through and get luggage and going home, there was just as much trouble. It's not a huge airport, so I'm not sure what the issue is. Food places are gross and I ended up throwing away an entire meal from some Baja Fresh place (or something like that) because it was inedible. And I don't throw food away. I will say they are very efficient in running those taxi lines. They've got a great system going and get people through very well. It's an airport so it is no blast, but some pull it off better than others.
Won $14 playing the penny slots, oh yeeaaah...
It's an OK airport. Since I've only been there a few times, I cant say the worst possible thing about it but security can sometimes be difficult, its a large airport, so it spreads out in many different directions, many floors and the information desks are useless.. . I can't get any change for bus fare because I'm under 21 and the dumb asain cow who's THE CHANGE PERSON thinks im going to play the slot machines. It's literally impossible to ask for change without having a counter person questioning your age and denying change unless you purchase something.. . The terminals are okay-either filled with slots of some australian gay porn. The terminals can be fun to walk around, and the airport seems to have a ton of people in it-contstantly, and at every hour too!
I grew up in Las Vegas so I've been here a zillion times. The security lines can be long during peak travel times (Fri and Sun afternoons), there's a nice variety of food chains and random and expensive stores. I always pray I get to fly out of the A and B gates since it is waaaay less crowded and there's never a line for security. Since it's a big airport,it can take a long time to get from your car to checking in your luggage to your gate, so allow for some extra hiking time. . Of course there's cheesy Las Vegas crap all over the place and slot machines, but that's what makes this place so... Vegas. The TSA clowns are usually pretty easy-going and apparently the taxi lines are realllly long. So save time ad hire a limo. It probably costs about the same. Also, free Wi-Fi!!
Your average airport. Not much different than any other, really, except for the slot machines inbetween terminals. Oh, and for such a smoker state, they sure make it difficult to smoke between your next flight. Doh!
Everyone who works here is very slow. I asked a lady if anything was gluten free and I wanted to make sure that it contained none because I am allergic.
Busy airport.  Hallways are a bit packed and gate C there isn't really great resturants to enjoy.  Mostly fast food with not many heathly options.  Flights are generally on time and has free wifi.  Decent aiport though.
Let's see... If you fly into LAS on one of the other carriers like United, Southwest, Delta, etc., you're essentially in the newer section of the airport. Some gates have trams that take you from curbside to the outlying terminals. For us flying into the airport on Hawaiian or Omni, you arrive at Terminal 2. It does the job, but it's small and a little cramped for an International terminal and the waiting areas are also quite small and the chairs are old. That's all supposed to change in the near future when Mc Carran opens up it's new terminal three. It's supposed to have larger, more open spaces, be more passenger friendly, have more shops and restaurants, etc.  How nice, I wonder what will be in store for us when we deplane into the new facility, bigger baggage claim areas, more slot machines??? hehe... But all kidding aside, it should be something we can all be comfortable with when we first reach Vegas or when we are leaving our beloved ninth island to come home! Also, hopefully ground transportation will be more rider friendly too. This review will be updated as soon as I experience that new facility soon!. . http://www.vegasinc.com/news/2012/feb/08/sneak-peek-inside-look-mccarrans-terminal-3/
As a heads up, McCarran is one of those airports you definitely want to show up early to! I normally fly American and the lines are horrible. The line to check in, even using a kiosk, can take a half hour or more to get through if you need to check a bag. The security checkpoint is also usually congested, though I do love their silly briefing video. It never gets old.. . But as long as you get there with time to spare it is a solid airport. Lots of free power outlets for charging a laptop or phone. I have also never had a bag lost or experienced a delay at this airport which makes me a happy traveler.
I realized I couldn't go through security with my Starbucks, so quickly tried to slam it back before I hit the massive lineup.  . . While waiting on the bridge, a huge commotion ensued in the checkin area below.  Some guy was screaming "WOULD SOMEBODY PLEASE HELP ME!!" over and over again.  It sounded like he was being attacked... though after a few minutes, it was apparent he maybe was having a "bad trip."  . . Next thing you know... a good old fashioned tasering!  Yes indeed, I must say this WAS my first live tasering incident.   . . Well, I have to hand it to McCarran...  if someone is being a pain in the ass, they don't mess around.  . . Otherwise?  It's ok.  Come early, because security can be hit with LONG lineups.  . . Oh, and despite the horrible odds, I still made $40 on the slots while waiting for my flight.
Great on entry and pretty terrible on the way out. Probably due to my hangover. . . Luggage area is a zoo. Duck the taxis and grab a town car for $10 more and 45 minutes less wait.
I always love coming to this airport. As soon as you land you get the Vegas experience. There are slot machines, casino flare, overpriced food and tons of exceptional people watching to be had here. If you're staying at the MGM you can easily check in at their both in the airport.. . As far as airports go it's one of the more organized places that I've traveled through. There's a tram that guides you to your gate after bag check in as well. Stay close to your party because you can easily get separated or lost from your party. . . Also be awake for your landing as well. You don't want to miss the view of the strip from the air.
Viva Las Vegas,...this is where begins and ends for most of us!
The good: Easy access to strip. The bad: slot machines, slot machines. weird feel to the place. . The ugly: This airport is old. Yes they added some new wings but the older parts also need some maintenance.. . I have flown here quite a bit actually. Mainly I walk through this airport in a zombie state- it is Vegas come on. . I hate with a passion the subway thing that takes you to the D wing. I mean it could be worse, it could be a tram or something. I think my main dislike with the tram is the fact that I usually am late to my flights (this is flying out only) and when I see that I have to take the tram I sort of have an anxiety panic attack on the inside. Major panic attack, because although I am late more often than I would like to be I freak out whenever I am late. SO damn those subway things for giving me a heart attack every time. EVERY TIME. . One thing though I love flying in because I really feel that I have made it to Vegas with this airport. The constant advertisements everywhere for shows on the strip and the gross slot machines and the hot muggy air when I first get off the plane and head into the airport. It just screams Vegas and I love that. . . All in all this place is not horrid nor is it wonderful. It is just an airport that hopefully you don't have to spend too much time in.
I spend a lot of time in airports and McCarran is not one of my favorites. From the flashing lights of the slot machines to the feeling like the terminal is always shakings (it's not just me!), this airport is one that you just want to get in and out of quickly. Which unfortunately is not always how it works out.. . The food selections are relatively limited and healthy and flavorful options are difficult to find behind security.. . Bags are quick to come out, or maybe it's because the trip to baggage claim is lengthy.. . Labeling to passenger pick-up could be improved. I have had to pick up a number of passengers and get this complaint a fair amount.. . However they are reconstructing portions of the airport so I am looking forward to seeing what they do with the place.
For obvious reasons this airport receives 5 stars when you arrive to Las Vegas and about 1 star when you leave. The restaurant options are the polar opposite of phenomenal and the restroom was about 1 stage away from being a scene from the movie 'Silent Hill'. Avoid the Chili's Too if you go here. Checking in and going through security wasn't too bad so I'd suggest arriving no earlier than an hour before your flight. Otherwise you will be enduring a longer visit to the McCarran Airport than one should ever wish for! If you brush into anything or open any doors I'd suggest about a gallon of Purell. (Southwest was great once they let us on the plane!)
It stinks like smoke in here.  This must be what places smelled like before you couldn't smoke in public, yuck.. . Other than that, this airport is easy to get around in.  If you can't manage in here then you shouldn't be traveling.
Welcome to Las Vegas.   . . Back in the mid 80's when fuel was affordable road trips cross country was the the thing to do.  We went to So Cal By car 2 X to visit my brother and visit my moms friends. Now with the rocketing price of gas it is more sensible to take a plane.. . This is an average Airport that is great because people come here from all over. Its a little bit more chaotic for my taste.  But its Vegas baby!  Booze and slots, and everyone wants to be here.  . . Security can delay your whole group if you happen to be the one that gets double checked at each point. One girl was stopped at 3 check points.  I can vouch for her but she appears to be a 100#  street tough from Ireland. The system helps so I'm not complaining. Just stop wasting money on stock piles of scanners that don't work!
Good airport, Chill TSA. . . Airport is clean, large, and surprisingly quiet - at least when you are departing. I am not a fan of the way baggage claim is set up, it's a bit of a mish mash maze. Can you say that 10 times real fast? . Always allocate time for the taxi queue. It moves pretty quick, but you will wait in line - any time of day. It's great to make friends in this line, and depending on your party size, carpool onto the strip.
Good airport, not too big. clean. free wifi. Vivaaa las baygusss
I love when an airport gives you a taste of the city. the moment you walk into the terminal after getting. off the plane. This airport lets you see the lights. of slot machines and hear their hypnotic hum pretty. much immediately. If you leave this way, it's also. the LAST thing you hear and see before getting on the. plane so this gets embedded into your brain as a lasting. Vegas memory to haunt your dreams until you return. Heck,. they might as well let those little guys from the . Strip hand out their stacks of business cards of various. testicular pressure reduction technicians as well - just to. keep it real. You get further into the airport and there. are cigar shops all over. Wow... .   The real fun, however, is figuring out how to get to the. Strip - or wherever you're headed. Taxis are pricey and. you want to save that for the slot machines or technicians. or however you plan to have fun here. So I went with Executive. Airport Shuttle - they have a ticket booth right outside . the terminal. I think it was Six bucks plus suggested tip to. get to your hotel.
I don't understand how the airport is actually only 4 miles from the strip and yet, when we took the taxi, it took a lot longer than 4 miles, and cost us 26 dollars for one way..... . . Anyway, on to the review of this airport. It is definitely a fancy airport with the slots machines, however, security was extra tight, which made it longer for people to get through! I had priority access ( thanks to first class ticket), and it still took 20 minutes to get through security! It seems like they want to double check every single bag! They won't even continue screening the bags unless the checked bag has been checked and returned!!! . . Other than that, this place is HUGE,  so big that I had to walk around to get to the tram area, then take tram to get to the united wing, AND still had to walk down a good block to get to my destination. Yes, good thing I was an hour early and did not check in luggage or else I don't know  how I would manage to catch my flight!
I'm impressed with how quickly and nicely the security personnel processed the massive crowd through the security check point. I was equally shocked and dismayed at how much water and everything else cost at the stores next to the terminals.
Der Leihwagen wurde weit weg vomFlughafen abgegeben, danach mussten alle in einen alten Bus mit dem wir dann zum Flughafen gefahren wurden. Der Flughafen selber ist sehr weitlaufig mit hohem Sicherheitsaufkommen. Alle Flughafenangestellte haben die Ruhe weg, auch wenn man es als Tourie sehr eilig hat, weil der Flieger bald geht. Ansonsten muss ich dem Flughafen eigentlich mehr Sterne abziehen, da er unseren Urlaub beendet hat :)
McCarran Airport is just a-ok.. . The location is at the end of the Vegas strip so if you are staying on or near the strip it isn't too bad of a cab ride.  That is, unless you get a shady cab driver who takes you out to the highway and back on the strip which puts more $$ in their pockets.  Unless something is going on that is unusual there is no need why your cab driver cannot take you from the airport directly on to the strip so FYI.  Exceptions would be if you are staying on the end of the strip near the Wynn.  The best advice is to evaluate which casino you are at in relation to which end of the strip so you can avoid your cab driver taking the highway route.  . . Getting from the airport to your destination via cab is usually a sort of nightmare (especially in the warm months) as the cab lines are looooooooooooong.  Be prepared to wait.. . Of course most people are tickled that this airport has over 1200 slot machines including at the terminals so you can gamble up until the last minute before getting on your plane.  . . Baggage claim takes FOREVER at McCarran since most people who come through this airport carry a lot of bags.  Baggage claim is also massive with tons of turnstiles so be aware.
Not as User-friendly as Dallas, SeaTac & SFO - But Serviceable. . SITREP. . Latest trip into McCarran was for an awesome May 17-20 Yelp Convention, and was one of my best weekends ever. I had no reason to gripe where a problem did not exist.  So that being said, my observations of what I found lacking - especially as a DEPARTNG passenger - were PRETTY GLARING since I had already been predisposed to write a very glowing review.. . PLUS-SIDE. . When I arrived, it was easy to move thru airport via sliding walkways and/or terminal connectors via the tramways. Signage is great. No issue about getting lost - lots of helpful staff at information areas and/or security personnel to guide you.. . Bathrooms are nice & clean!. . In addition, one thing this airport has is a large spacious baggage carousel system. In terms of baggage pick-up, I don't think I've seen any baggage claim area near as impressive as the McCarran Baggage Claim area.  16 separate baggage carrousels at McCarran.  Only 3 at Sacramento.  Only 2 in Burbank. 16 at McCarran. 16!. . *** For ARRIVING passengers I rate McCarran 4.0 STARS ***. . DOWNSIDE. . However, what this airport lacks when compared to peers is a user-friendly attitude for DEPARTING passengers, forced to try to make due very very early, such as my crew at 3am.   . . Things LACKING:. . * Comfortable lounging areas at 3am!  For a 24 HR City, this is a pedestrian ill-matched airport.  I thought I was in Spokane or Tulsa or Walla Walla where the streets roll-up at 10pm.  McCarran could take a cue from Dallas & SeaTac.. . * Needs outlets (period) - even Ontario Airport (my plane-switch on way to Sacramento from Vegas) had nice laptop-bar stations with outlets on bar.  Right when my laptop was dying, I noticed maintenance using an outlet hidden on floor under a bank of chairs in ticket-countering area (only area relatively comfortable to post in), which is what I used from 3am-6am.  Kyle had to scout another area, in the hall, on the floor by a bank of pay phones.  His pic sums our frustration up well:. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/FaHADZARwnY4yvlvpnsfGA?select=UVUWkxU5F32OeRTMYbslTw#F9pKah3H5PMo-UJeJEWdOQ. . * Free WiFi - okay, maybe this is just an "optional" in some people's minds, but when available at places like Ontario, Sacramento (SMF) and Burbank (BUR), it makes you wonder why an airport like Vegas that prides itself on it's "customer-service can-do" attitude seems to be deficient in this area when compared to it's peers. [And idea to CHARGE a day's worth of WiFi to patrons only in airport a few hours is excessive.]. . * Eateries for Departing Patrons -  crap-options (AND hours) for departing 24/7 Vegas-passenger.  What I love about SeaTac, BUR and SMF is they have GREAT restaurant & eatery plazas right after you get thru Security.  In fact, I can get something de-lish at Ivars at SeaTac, or Esquire Grill at SMF, etc., find a great table or bar top, open my laptop and get on Free WiFi,  while munching on something good to eat and also something good to drink.   . . Not so much McCarran, which is unfortunate.. . QUARTERS  (Apparently you need them...). . Oh but guess what they DO have plenty of:  slot machines.  Banks of slot machines after bank of slot machines after bank of slot machines.  Really?  Are these for real?  Does ANYONE win at these?  Further, it's almost an attitude thrown at you that if you want to be able to sit down at one of the seats in the airport, then you are going to have to insert a quarter every minute.. . You know?  "Gambling" may have been why Vegas was put on the map in the first place - like the "Gold Rush" may be why San Francisco & Sacramento were put on the map - and "Movies" put L.A. on the map - but get over yourself, show some maturity and realize there are OTHER reasons people come to your city; other needs people need fulfilled than those catering to a "narrow-gambling lifestyle".. . Providing needs & amenities for the convention-traveler, business-traveler and the vacation-traveler that have NOTHING TO DO with gambling would be nice for a change.  . . *** For the DEPARTING passenger I rate McCarran as 2.0 STARS ***. . BOTTOMLINE:  OBVIOUS DISPARITY BETWEEN ARRIVAL & DEPARTURE. . To sum it up, arriving passengers fare much better than departing passengers.  Quality amenities, functionality & efficiencies are geared more - on balance - with individuals ARRIVING into Vegas.  Amenites (or lack thereof), functionality and efficiencies for DEPARTING passengers are far more deficient in comparison. . . Nowhere was this more evident me than waiting at the airport for at least a few hours (or longer) early in the wee hours with no tables, absolutely no computer bar tops & plug-ins, and almost non-existant quality food options. . . THE LOWDOWN. . Good airport.  Not bad, but not great either.  Relatively efficient for the arriving traveler, only adequately functional for a departure. This rates AVERAGE when McCarran is COMPARED against it's PEERS.
This airport is seriously huge! And the security line was a nightmare. We thought we had given ourselves ample time, but almost missed our plane. Consider coming about 2 1/2 hours early, more if you have to drop off a car. We thought we were home free after security then had to take another tram to get to D gate. We ended up running up stairs to make our final boarding call. Just be prepared to stand in long lines, arrive early and you should be good
People watching at it's finest. I have been to this airport so many times and I tell you it still cracks me up to watch the comings and goings of people while waiting for my flight. When you first arrive, you are already surrounded by the the sounds of slot machines to get you in the mood to gamble (even if you don't gamble you are still a little intrigued)  You then have to trek all the way down to baggage claim and wait for what seems like eternity for your bags. God forbid you don't have someone picking you up and you have to wait in the dreadful Taxi cab line. Oh and don't let it be a holiday weekend because baby you will be standing in the heat sweating your ass off while the line queues. It is crazy!!! CRAZY!!. . Now on your return, get there early because sometimes the lines can be horrific and we are not just talking security. I have seen people in a panic because they waited until the last minute thinking they would breeze right through. Sorry buddy but you will be missing your flight unless it is delayed.  All in all, it is just another airport. Nothing special, except for all the people watching and the fact that you can loose or win more money while you are waiting to board.
The slot machines as you deplane are just classic.  Once you hear those bells and sounds, you know exactly where you are.  The only mildly irritating thing is the tram you must take from the outer terminals to the main terminal, which seems to be compulsory as I have never taken off from the main terminal - must be for international or something else...
This isn't a huge airport, but dodging slot machines and construction makes it seem that way. The baggage claim area is huge and seems disorganized but somehow works.. . The taxi line is long but moves really fast. When you get in your cab, make sure they don't take you way around on the west side of the strip through the tunnel. That'll add an unnecessary $10 or so on the fare. If you're dying for an In-and-Out Burger (when there are so many great restaurants in this town!), that route is for you then.
A little confusing finding baggage claim.  There definitely needs to be more signs of which airlines are at which baggage claim.  . . Chick-fil-a restaurant is at terminal A and the grab and go is at terminal C.  . . Super slow security.
McCarran is alright, nothing special. Boo to Delta for no Sky Club here. If you're also an FF, you'll appreciate the shorter security lines for Pre-check / SkyPriority members.
Short term parking used to be better.  They used to have meters so you could hang out by your car and only pay if an attendant walked up.  Now you have to either drive in circles or pay something like $3 an hour.  You really do have to drive in circles as security are nazis and won't let you idle for more than 30 seconds.. . The TSA security lines are very fast considering the volume of passengers they serve.. . Some airlines *cough*united*cough*american*cough* have long lines for check-in, but that's the airline's fault in my opinion.  Arrive 1.5-2.0 hours early for any flight and you'll be fine.. . Food choices are average.  I usually just do Burger King in the C gates as you can refill your soda whenever you want.  For D gates I usually do Ruby's Diner.. . Long term parking at the remote lot is very affordable ($8 per day) and not all too inconvenient.. . Baggage carousels are insanely slow.  You'll wait and wait forever for your luggage to arrive.. . Free WiFi is very very awesome.  Good strength.  Free.
Curbside drop off is hectic, long lines through security, and delayed flights never make for a good airport experience.. It's good to know that you will most likely need to take a tram from terminal-to-terminal, so allow extra time for this exchange.. If you have extra time while you wait for your flight you can grab a cocktail at one of the many bars/pubs or play the slot machines in hopes of gaining an extra dollar or two.. No real way of avoiding McCarran International, just good to arrive prepared and on time.
The new Terminal 3 is so pretty! I am so happy that Air Canada has moved into this terminal...terminal 2 was really dated. . . There are still some growing pains with the airport on both arrival and departure, but i'm sure those will be ironed out in time. Half of the terminal was still closed, some of the slot machines not even plugged in or unwrapped.. . Breezed through security, barely any passengers in the terminal, but 6 lines were open.. . The Mediterranean restaurant was decent for breakfast. Better choice than Carl Jr. . There is a Starbucks too.. . Some beautiful art installed...there is this display of butterflies that looks like an airplane.. . I just wish the monorail ran all the way from the strip to the airport...i think it is in planning, but a ways off.
As you land at McCarran in whatever airline you might be flying, you're ultimately greeted by one of the best views of the Las Vegas strip. As the lights twinkle, you sit in awe of the hotels that will ultimately drain your wallet. Well McCarran certainly isn't as glitzy as its large and imposing neighbors, but it makes up for that with a functional and clean space that will house you for the few hours that you might await your next flight.. . The airport features both the good and the bad when it comes to their terminals. Arriving in the C or D gates can be a pleasure while landing in the A or B gates almost seems as if you are arriving in the rat-pack era. It certainly features both the good and the bad. The newer C and D gates feature a decent amount of seating and a plethora of food and shopping options while you wait. It could use some more power outlets in this modern era of laptops and iPhones.. . The complex is large and you should be prepared to walk a bit. The moving walkways are a help, however the distance between terminals can be its biggest detriment. The monorails that run between the terminals are fairly quick, however hang on tight to the bars or you could quickly lose your balance.. . The security line is centralized and while may seem long, generally does move at a reasonable rate. Still plan to arrive at least an hour before your flight departure time since you'll need every second to get through security and to your terminal.. . All in all, its a decent airport. It doesn't wow nor does it disappoint. It's simple and functional, which at the end of the day is all you need so that your airport fees are limited.
I don't fly a lot so as far as rating airports goes, I really have no perspective. It's your typical airport. Standard security. Airport pricing at all dining establishments. Airport people watching-though on Friday afternoons the people watching at McCarran is substantially better than other airports.. . It would be nice if they would upgrade their dining options like other airports-Chili's and the Fox Sports Lounge just doesn't cut it if you like food in any way shape or form. I usually leave out of B gate and the only place I get anything at is Coffee Bean.. . I wish they hadn't gotten rid of the metered parking but I understand why they did it (more money in their pockets to fund the construction of the new terminal). Their other longer term parking situations are pricey, but the economy lot is decent if you're only going to be out of town for a couple of days ($7/day I think).. . I don't love McCarran, I don't hate it. Just a place to pass through-I imagine if I ever got stuck there for an extended period of time I'd have worse things to say.
I've grown up in Las Vegas, so I compare other airports to McCarran.  Depending on how you look at the slots, they might be good for passing the time, but they do take up a lot of floor space that could be used for passenger seating.  Of course, passenger seating does not make money.  Whether you go in the A, B, or C Concourses, you will probably see a lot of people standing or sitting on the floor because every seat is taken.  This is one of the nation's busiest airports, so I always ask myself when I get back home, "Why don't they ever get more seating?"  Of course, that question comes with a billion dollar budget.  McCarran has nice modern conveniences, and it is kept fairly clean for the amount of passengers that pass through and square footage.  Free Wi-Fit is great!!  I was shocked to see they offered the WiFi for free.  Pack a snack if you know you'll be hungry...food costs more at this airport (around $10+ for a meal at Burger King).  Prices might be comparable to LAX.  You might find it confusing to find the C-Concourse Tram, and when I last passed through it was only labled to go to baggage claim.  They should re-do the signs to also include transportation to A/B Gates also because if you are at the tip of the C-Gates and need to go to the A-Gates, that's a VERY long walk, especially the portion between the B & C Gates (no moving walkways).  McCarran is a nice airport with modern conveniences, but the waiting areas are small.  They really need to put more moving walkways or some kind of tram that goes to all the gates/terminals in a circle since everything is spread out; I know someone with asthma and they had an asthma attack from the very end of the B-Gates to the very end of the C-Gates.  The baggage claim area is very glitzy, and gives tourists a nice introduction to Las Vegas, NV (Clark County).  . . I have also done a review on the Rent-A-Car facility.
I was expecting to be hit with a cloud of cigarette smoke when I got off the plane, but didn't which was a nice surprise. For where this is located, it's an okay airport. I definitely know where I'm at with all the slot machines around.
I've only visited Terminal 1 and based on my experiences there its not my favorite airport... But there are certainly worse ones out there.. . The good:.    - free wifi.    - quick security.    - very close to the strip. . The bad:.    - almost zero outlets near seating.    - terrible carpet (bad 80s wallpaper pattern).    - rental car center is off site (though the shuttle is frequent)
Overall, McCarran International is not a bad airport. It's kind of like a Disneyland type of funworld for adults. They have a monorail and they have slot machines and free wifi. It is clean and there are no areas that are under construction. They've got those conveyor belt walkways which are all over Vegas hotels which help you walk less.. . What is LAME here is that the rent a car area is NOT in the airport itself. You have to be bused to the rent a car building and it takes more than 5 minutes. Really? Sorry, but the rent a car booths should be in the airport. It's kind of a hassle to have to get on a bus with your luggage and you have to spend extra money on the tip you will have to give the guy that takes your luggage and places it on the rack inside the bus.
Arrving;. McCarran is he cleanest airport that I've seen so far. We had to take a shuttle train to the baggage claim area. The Taxi line outside is serious and controlled so you assured a taxi in the order you lined up.. . Departing;. They need to get it together with their Delta check in ines, do not put up a Sky Priority sign if you meant First class only and send us to another line! I recommend getting here about 45 minutes before your boarding time because there is so much traffic and the security lines are long so expect a 20 minute wait. They have the creepy body scanners too. The other thing that I didn't like was having to wait for the shuttle to take me to Terminal D, if you miss a shuttle, you could miss your flight.
It's airport. This one could use a tad less construction chaos and then I would upgrade it. Decent food options in the terminal. Restrooms were clean. I think there could be a few more seats at some of the gates. More crowded flights make for cramped quarters while waiting. Overall, it gets me in and out and on time. That's more than I can say for  quite a few airports.
Standard as far as West coast airports go.  On the newer side, but not anything special (except the gambling in the terminals).  The cab line can be ridiculously long which can suck when it's your first impression of the city, but o'well, what can you do?  They are pretty organized though since they have to deal with large influxes of crowds all the time.  It's pretty easy to find things and not very easy to get lost... a plus in any airport.
Everything is good except that they need more cab lines. 19 may seem like a lot but apparently it's not enough.
This is one of those airports where it's not so much about the interior as it is about the location. I thought it was a regular old airport and not nearly as nice as the inside of any JFK terminal.. . The fact that this airport is in Vegas is what made the hassle of security check-in and all that bearable. There are a bunch of slot machines for you to play if you want to lose some money before leaving Vegas. You don't see slot machines in an airport very often.. . The security line actually wasn't all that bad. The line moved quickly and a couple of us were shifted to the business class line to make things run smoothly & quickly.. . They had a couple of food choices in Gate B. I opted for an appetizer/drink combo at the Chilli's located near the waiting area. However, airport food/drinks will always be a tad pricier in the airport once you've gone past security.. . Nonetheless, wouldn't mind going back anytime soon!
Yelp 365 Challenge #140/365. . From Honolulu to returning, we went through the same gate. All I know is that when we arrived, it was morning time and my son was so excited because this was his first trip ever away from the islands. . . It didn't help the fact that as everyone was getting off the plane, my older son had to yell out, "Oh yeaaah, Forr just got de-virginized!" . . Talk about giving my evil look across the seats with the back of my hair most likely standing up from the static not steam..... . As we walked through the airport to get to the tram to take us to the baggage claim, I felt as if I was walking through a mall at first but then you see the slot machines. . . My husband shared with me, "Dang, you can lose all your money even BEFORE you step out of the airport if you aren't careful.". . The tram felt like we were on the monorail at Pearlridge but bigger. As we got off the tram, my husband started fiending for coffee, which he detoured to Starbucks, which they mistakenly heard him say his name was "Manuel" instead of "Daniel" while I went to our baggage carousel (thank goodness for three sons).. . After retrieving our luggage, we headed to the Rental Car Shuttle. I sincerely wish I got the Shuttle Operator's name because she was as nice and friendly as ever. She made everyone in the front get up and make room for my 76 year old mother-in-law.. . By the way, I LOVE THEIR RENTAL CAR SERVICES and the staff that works there!. . As for returning to Honolulu, my awe of McCarran International Airport shimmied down a notch because of the LONG LINES of TSA as well as no convenient web-check-in counters like Hawaiian Airlines on Oahu! I know, I know...the policies and regulations but you would figure that it has been over 10 years since 9-11 that they would have found a better way to accommodate traveler's in efficiently and quickly passing traveler's through (like hire more staff to check IDs).. . Anyhow, I noticed also that their slot machines are rigged differently up to where your money is easily swallowed up. For example, Wheel of Fortune slot machines. At the casinos, any time you hit a spin (it doesn't have to be THREE spins), you spin. But, at the airport...you need to hit THREE spins to get a spin. I felt bad for the people that were trying to their last minute luck before boarding and probably lost the last of their money before sadly boarding on their plane.. . All in all, the airport is all right. You can spend the time playing slots or reading. Better yet, you can walk around and look at the stores that they have available. What is even better is if you BUY something to eat so you won't have to eat airplane food? . . Good airport. Clean and friendly with money hungry slot machines like a bar hostess if you allow yourself to be swayed by the promises of possible wealth and beating the odds.. . Viva Las Vegas!
It's an airport with sand sculpture animals. Oh and slot machines you know for when you can't wait to get to the casino and want to throw your money away first thing :)
Fairly easy to get around in this airport except the security check.  It seems they deliberately trying to make u miss the flight.  Last time, due to their slow moving security check line, we missed our plan back to LAX.  Today we almost missed it too, thank to the pompous officiated looking officer named Loy, who slowed everyone unnecessarily, but we sprinted to the finish line just in time to catch our flight.  Yeah!
Not the 1sttime I flew into Vegas and won't be the last, love that you can get a shuttle to any casino for only 7 bucks, opposed to hailing a taxi, can tell by some gates that there is construction going on, but my travels in and out of McCarran went ok!
Security lines are always long no matter what day or time of day it is..maybe because it's Vegas. I always get here early. For some reason it seems a lot of flights get delayed coming to Vegas and I don't know why.  I had to wait 3 more hours just flying to SFO which is 1 hr 10 min flight. There are plenty of restaurants and it seems a long way to get to center of airport.. Good places to eat and always seems crowded so remember to get there early. Cab lines are great though...and I love how the airport is not too far away from the strip.
I've been to this airport plenty of times & I must say RENOVATION needs to take place. . . After my recent visit to Las Vegas, I had to rummage through the area to find an outlet to charge my phone. I finally found "recharge centers" by Verizon. It had a place to sit on but only for 5 people. I was lucky enough to find an open spot, but people had their laptops, phones, & other devices plugged in. People ended up crowding the area. . . The employees are nice and polite. But they seriously need to change things around, which include their eatery places.
This airport is exactly what you would expect in Vegas. There are glass enclosed rooms with slot machines that all the smokers bee line to after their flight to start smoking. Gross. . . The signage could be way better at McCarran. I feel like there are not enough exit signs or signs directing folks to ground transport.. . Another thing to know about McCarran is that for some terminals you'll have to take the monorail to actually get to the main part of the airport/exits. Just FYI.
A surprisingly and organized airport for being Las Vegas. I'm so relieved that I don't smell like cigar smoke when I walk out of the airport. Which is good because once you walk out of the airport you are immediately slammed with the unforgiving, brutal, heat of the desert!!!. The taxi line is ALWAYS horrendously long!! Just like a line in Disneyland, an endless supply of taxis are ready to take you to your destination and you're off having the time of your life in the adult version of the most happiest place.
I've never had a flight leave on time from here. The good thing about this place is that the security check always has tons of lines open to speed up the process. The bad is that they are a little too strict if you ask me. When I was going through SFO, I had a thing of sunblock and they didn't even care. However, leaving Vegas they told me it was over the max limit. Ok, technically they were doing their job and I was breaking the rule but hey, if SFO, one of the major hubs doesn't care, why should you? I don't know, maybe I'm just all butt hurt.
Cool airport. Slot machines are convenient. Security is friendly and good lounge and food selections.
What can I say, its an airport in Vegas.. . Slot machines. . Terminals. . Gates. . The End
A solid airport. Their security line moved quickly. The TSA people were very friendly and not demeaning when they tell you to "take your shoes and belt off!! do not be THAT person!" . . YIKES.. alright I won't be THAT person.. . . Looks like they were making some renovations when I was there last, so that should be nice. They have some nice dining options.. bathrooms were also placed throughout and they were clean.
Kinda a love/hate relationship with McCarran.  You love it when you land, but you might also love it or hate it when you leave!!
I would give this airport 3.5 stars but since that isn't possible here are some of the pro & con arguments that lead me to my scoring.. . Pro:. It is kept extremely clean (ok, LV has $$$ to keep it that way). It is very efficient (considering the airport deals with masses of tourist travelers). Staff here is overall friendly (knock on wood). I never had significant delays here, the weather is pretty stable. Free WiFi. . Con:. Recently arrived internationally @ Term 3 and NO ATM anywhere. Fail. Wtf LAS !!!??. The Rental car facility is a PITA to get to.. The priority lanes for frequent travelers / premium fliers are often not worth the sign.. Almost no lounges except the UA/Continental one at the D Gates. The restaurant outlets are almost exclusively fast food.. . That being said I nowadays try to avoid departing/arriving here on peak days (weekends obviously).. . Enjoy & good luck !. . -S
Flying into Vegas is quite an experience. I feel like it's one of the few places where as soon as you land, everyone bursts into a spontaneous round of applause. You can't help but smile! . . All the people who work here seem nice enough. One security guy even lent me his pen so my friends and I could fashion a makeshift name sign for a friend who was arriving. Most of the people who are arriving here seem to be in generally good spirits and makes people watching especially entertaining. And how often do you see slot machines in the baggage claim area? . . Things that I will gripe about:. - There is a serious dearth of power outlets in this airport that are not near restrooms or trash cans. . - There is quite a lengthy walk from some of the terminals to the baggage claim area. Which is fine, except sometimes you're walking through a creepy dark hallway area which makes you wonder if you've taken a wrong turn somewhere.. - Crossing the street to get to the parking area is annoying because you have to wait for the crossing guard guy to decide that there are enough people gathered before he'll open the gate.. . tl;dr: It's not the most glamorous airport ever, but it tries. It's fairly clean, has free wi-fi, and is close to the strip. Gets the job done. What more is there to say?
Not too great looking a building but it seemed to be well managed and I had no delays. Pretty close to downtown and the strip.
I don't know, an airport is an airport... All I have to say is, the taxi line is RIDICULOUSNESS right before party time!
Large airport... it's international after all, but my god it's a lot of walking. Needs more moving sidewalks ala Bellagio / Caesars / Luxor /MGM style. lol. . . could also use a facelift, it's rather lackluster in appearance, inside and out. this IS Vegas, right??
t's an airport! That means that you are either excited to be arriving or excited to be leaving!. Poor food choices unfortunately - at least in the D area. . I was told to expect long lines at security - ended up with a lot of time to kill at 5am. . I don't gamble so the slot machines were not attractive to me.. All in all a pretty easy airport as airports go.
Living in Las Vegas and commuting through the airport I always forget how busy the McCarran gets.  Overall for as busy as it gets I never find myself thinking things are going slow.  I am usually in and out.  The parking has changed over the years.  Before they installed the short term parking system, you could find a meter that had some time in it and go pick up your friends without paying for parking.  Now it's not too bad because they do give you a few minutes for free in case you have to park.  Overall not a bad experience most of the time.  Cheers!
We passed through this airport twice on our trip. . . It's a little outdated and I thought more of the shops would be open after 10. . . Loved the slots they have because, I mean, it wouldn't be a Vegas airport without them.
The airport is okay overall.  This review is for Terminal 3: the newest terminal.  I travel with a disabled child, so my opinions may be different compared to those more able-bodied.. . When flying out of Terminal 3, things are super easy.  Well signed, quick security, and short walks to every gate.. . When flying into the terminal things are a little tricky.  Finding an elevator to baggage claim is difficult.  Escalators are abundant, but it took quite a while to find the elevator.  Once we found it, we were able to get to baggage claim without any more trouble.. . Finding passenger pick-up is very difficult as well.  It's obvious the airport is trying to cater to transportation companies and not locals who have a ride waiting for them.  Ground transportation signage is very abundant and easy to read.  The ground transportation area is just steps away from the baggage carousels for easy access. For those meeting their ride it is another adventure.  There a very few signs pointing you to passenger pick-up.  Once you see the signs, you have to make you way through a maze using elevators/escalators and then crossing a long sky bridge.. . Terminal 3 is a nice looking facility and very efficient when departing Las Vegas.  It is the exact opposite when flying into LV.
Finally got to experience terminal 3. I had to pick up friends and drop them off at the airport and it was all smooth sailing. We decided to step inside and check it out. It didn't really look fancy brand new but it was very clean.
I always end up sleepy and sitting on the floor in this airport. Ah. Vegas.. . Pre-backelorette party we hustled outta there once we landed to the pretty swift moving Taxi line. Long, but quick. We were fresh, we were pumped, we were high energy and ready to party. The ching ching of the slots was pure background noise as we wheeled carry-ons outta there toots sweet. . . Post-bacherlorette party the bestie and I crawled along through the terminal. I'm a seasoned traveler, I get what gets through security and what doesn't, and lets just say I was so out of it that I attempted to get three mini water bottles, a red bull, and a giant bottle of spray sun block through...sigh....security is pretty understanding and didn't subject me to too much heckling over this. . . I refused to carry my luggage anymore till I got nachos. We ate nachos at a random tex-mex place.The food was meh, the service was meh, There was an awesome plug next to my chair and my phone was dead (Ah. Vegas.) so yay. . . The floor was pretty comfy. Three stars.
It's an airport. You get to Vegas and then you immediately go straight to partying. Even the airport is calling for a party with the slot machines located at the baggage claims. . . This airport moves pretty quick too. They get the job done and fly you to your destination! wohoo!
My GOD this place is way too busy for there to only be 3 TSA agents on staff. Seriously.. . The taxi line is way fast and super efficient, which is beautiful. Other than that, it's an airport. Not much else to say.
Terminal 3 is awesome. Terminal 1 A/B gates blah. Terminal 1 C gates meh. It's like the vegas airport knows it can suck because people are already drunk when they get off the plane. With all the taxes we get from tourists you'd think they could spruce the place up. Maybe put in some restaurants that people would actually want to eat at. We have world class dining on the strip and food court options at the airport. It's a sad state. Rant over.
Very busy airport with not a lot to do on the inside other than slot machines. Good luck finding a power outlet in the terminals. If you can avoid this airport on a Sunday night I would recommend it - everyone is leaving Sin City.
The Southwest Airlines staff here is really friendly, and although the airport is a bit loud, it's passsable as far as an airport goes.  Long walks from the C Gates to other terminals, even though the airport is not that big.
Maybe it was my long day of travel that got me disoriented, but I couldn't find my way out of the airport when I arrived! I felt like I was wandering around on the lower levels trying to get to the street and was thrown for a loop when confronted with that super-speedy tram. . . Staff was friendly and the facility was clean.. . It's an OK airport. You fly in and fly out. Nothing can touch PDX!
There are some good things and some bad when it comes to McCarran.  Personally, I don't think being in an airport is ever a good thing and rarely is there never a hassle.   . . Pros:. . -Security moves relatively quickly.. -Economy Parking is pretty painless. -Trams to other terminals are efficient. -Baggage claim is large and is average wait time compared with other airports. . Cons:. -Passenger pickup has no cell phone zone and only 2 lanes.  . -Ticketing can be super crowded (probably airlines fault). -Main terminal is old and outdated.  . -Few spots to sit and charge phones, computers, etc. . -Many more that I'll update later.. . McCarran is just your normal airport.  Get in and get out as fast as you can.
Not the best floorplan I have seen, but still navigable.  The part where it gets a bit confusing is after you grab your bags at the carousel and need ground transportation.  Of course the limo and buss/taxi area is easy to find, but if you are riding in a private car, that's way on the other side and not good sinage of where you are going.
The airport is alright. Can't wait for them to do some serious upgrading, but at least we had free internet! The terminals are small and I wish they had better food to choose from, but hey it's an airport!
Friendly and efficient TSA here and the line usually moves relatively quickly.  The baggage check in areas can get really congested so try to get there early so you aren't impatiently standing in line wondering why you didn't get a cab to the airport sooner.  I agree with a few other reviewers in that you should eat before you get to the airport unless your idea of a meal is a bag of overpriced chips or a candy bar.  Not that they don't have any places to eat but none of them look overly appealing nor do any of them seem to be locally owned joints (though maybe I didn't pay close enough attention?).  It's super easy to grab a cab, bus, or shuttle outside of baggage claim upon arrival in Vegas.  Airport is easily laid out and plenty of monitors to check departures and arrivals.  As this is a fairly busy airport, it can be hard to get a seat while waiting for your flight and the areas to charge up your electronics are usually always full with people standing around waiting.  Be sure to make sure you're all juiced up before you get there!  New terminal is nice and clean.  Overall, not a bad airport at all.  Oh, and of course, there are slot machines conveniently located throughout the airport!
While the beep and tweet of the slot machines at the gates might make McCarran Airport seem a bit exciting, the gate area is the calm before the storm.  As you move from your airplane to the baggage claim and transportation, each step is preparing you for your overall Las Vegas experience:  Noise, lights and lines.  And possibly some confusion. . . The Good:  The airport is clean, modern, lots of places to eat and sit in the gate area.  The transportation from the gates to the terminals (and there are not 2 major terminals, so make sure you know where your airline really is!)   The new rental car facility is nice, modern, and uses a single shuttle bus for most rental car companies.  The lines for security are the longest of any airport I travel through and many of the mutants that visit Vegas are not clear on the concept of how to go through security efficiently.  (That may explain why Ma and Pa Kettle pack their entire house in to their carry owns and have to dissemble it in to 14 plastic containers to go through the metal detectors.). . The Bad:  Lines.  Lines to get a taxi.  Lines to get transportation to your airport.  Lines for the rental car shuttle.  Just lines.  Things are not always clear which door to exit from to get your specific type of transportation, so check and then check twice.    . . Recommendation:  Arrive during off hours.  Either late at night or in the middle of the day.  Depart EARLY morning (before 6AM) or after about 2pm.  That seems to make the airport zoo a bit more tolerable. . . Hopefully the massive new Terminal 3 building is going to make things a bit easier once it is in better use.  Right now, it is still sometimes confusing where to go and what to do.
A lot of work has been completed between my first trip to this airport in 2002 and the present. I've always found LAS to be not a very convenient airport with the exception of it's proximity to the strip. I've experience longer than normal wait times to check in and go through security, though this time both were splendidly fast. I've never been delayed by local weather here, so that's nice. Seating can be a challenge to find at busy times but at least there is a decent selection of dining options.
Not the most desirable food selection or smell but who the heck cares... YOUR IN VEGAS BABY!
Quick to get through!  I don't think I could give any airport 5 stars since traveling through them with all the TSA and other rules it takes forever and is never fun.  . . Got through security quick.  The concourse I was in had a good amount of restaurants to choose from and a food court.  . . Overall, it is a good airport to fly through.
An airport is an airport really. I had a better experience on the way home than arriving. When we arrived, we didn't understand where we needed to go to get our bags. We ended up in the wrong terminal, and had to take a shuttle to the correct terminal. The shuttle driver was very nice. It was also hard to find someone to ask for help.. . On the way back, there was hardly anyone in the airport, so we got through security within 5 minutes. Everything went smoothly. They don't have a lot of places to eat at (that I saw), but they do have plenty of slot machines. If you're into that.
The heart of vegas air traffic.
The heart of airport traffic in Vegas.
I flew into McCarran International Airport for the first time over Labor Day weekend. The airport is basic. It's easy to find your gate and baggage claim. I like the easy access to your gate, it spare you some time. The cool thing about the airport is the slot machines. If you forgot that you are in Las Vegas, the slot machines definitely remind you. The food and shop options are limited. Most people at the airport seemed excited to hit the town (Vegas) or sad they were flying out. The airport has a cool atmosphere during the day. Once you fly into the McCarran airport, the taxi line can become long. Keep that in mind. The security check flowed at a steady pace at night.McCarran International Airport is a solid airport nothing over the top.
Not the easiest airport to get in and out of but hey... Where else are there slot machines next to baggage claim!?  . . Insider tip, book early flights, they are more convenient and cheaper than late nite.
You're flying into VEGAS baby, but aside the odd assortment of slot machines, you might as well be flying into Ames, Iowa.  There just isn't much going on.  Itfeels Podunk, and everything locks up tight as a drum by 9 PM. Meh.. . The one big redeeming quality is the free device charging station in terminal A.  If your smartphone is perpetually out of batteries, at least you can charge up your phone while doin' a whole lot of nuthin.
McCarran International is OK with me.. . http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=WsuJ5IHUm04S80QaDtxgUg&userid=EMMzx-gGDKsU4enmbae6dw. . But it has its pros and cons.. . Pros:. Very helpful friendly staff. . Not overly busy (like LAX). Slot Machines (see cons). Free Wi Fi. Plenty of food options. Very Clean!. Verizon recharge place to plug in electronics. Happy gamblers who won!. . Cons:. Expensive Shops (had to buy 3 make up gifts I left on car rental transit). Rent a car is miles away from airport (15-20min shuttle). Slot machines (see pros). TSA was not very efficient. Planes taxi on runway for ever! . Crabby gamblers who lost!. Huge airport! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/mccarran-international-airport-las-vegas?select=ty-612sK0khE6Ypq5W0kuw#YWur8tXdIaEDWDVKhVM_7A. . Still beats the hell out of driving 4.5 hours each way!. . I'll be back!
There are both positives and negatives with this airport. I like that I've never had to come here super early before a flight because the lines are never super long. There are many food options and there is free internet. But I don't like that the walk from the gates to baggage claim is super long and that there aren't enough charging stations or outlets throughout the place, but coming here is fun because of all the lights and slot machines make me excited for VEGAS!
I have to admit, this is my least favorite airport to travel through. You would think that an airport in Vegas would have a little more going on, but I guess they make it boring so you hurry up and get out of there and head to the casinos to lose some money?
I really really really don't like layovers at McCarran. It isn't easy to get around, and it doesn't feel like the terminals are laid out very well. There are a lot of slot machines (well, it IS Vegas), and a general feeling of washed-up scum. This place doesn't look clean.... . On the up side, there is a pet relief area outside the ticketing area (felt like it took a while to walk there from where my plane was gated). It is a tiny fenced area made tinier by a concrete support beam, but they have disposable bags and a trash can. The airport is also extremely close to the strip, so it's nice that you can spend less on cab fare and save some for the tables.
Lots of plugs all around, free and fast wifi.. . My only gripe is the lack of good food ANYWHERE.
I travel for work once a while and have friends that live in other states (duh.. I guess we all do). So there's only one option to fly out of. Since the airport is considered international there is always tons of people traffic everywhere. There isn't enough shops to keep one busy while waiting for a flight or arrivals. The one thing that really disappointed me was the Lack of visible TSA and Police in the airports. I'm sure there are plenty of undercover agents walking around, but I personally feel more comfortable with more.
It's a decent airport. Not super crowded, no long lines at security. But the food selection is pretty limited and when I first arrived, it smelled like cheese, which I found really weird since I landed at a terminal with no restaurants.. . When I left, there was a dude working at a Southwest gate who was absolutely anal about lining up in order. So unnecessary and it was the first time I'd seen that over years of flying with Southwest, including once a month for 4 years when I was in college.
I didn't win as soon as I walked off the plane, disappointing. . . But seriously it is simple to get in and out of here, even after a night in Vegas with a noon flight (BLAH) security is a breeze. They could use some updates to the baggage claim area, it's pretty dated but it's decent.
Let's face it...I brought thison myself. Who the hell decides it's a good idea to save like $20 by stopping in Vegas on the way from Nashville to Los Angeles. I do...I suppose. I had a two hour layover at McCarran on a Saturday morning right after CES. The thing about this airport is it's freaking tiny...I mean it's huge but really the ceilings are soooo low and there's hardly any seating so most people are sprawled along the hallways. There are slot machines around every corner which you think might be kind of fun until you realize they're shitty machines and most people sitting at them are asleep because there is no where else to sit! In fact most people in the place were either hung over, drunk or asleep. Again to be expected in Vegas. Also in my particular case the airplane was in the air for 40 minutes between Vegas and LA and the stop over was completely pointless really. I will never make that mistake again.
Every single time I come to this airport, I swear, that it has gotten bigger and expanded. I understand they want to be THE airport to be, but seriously, it's just so crazy big! Right now they are still constructing their new tower which would help operationally. But for the average traveller, you are walking all over the place taking a tram to and from the gates to the ticketing or baggage claim. And don't even get me started on the rental car place. Which will get a review from me soon. It's just ridiculously huge! And yet they can't even get it so that pedestrians don't have to cross traffic! I mean, Hello! The pick up drop off area is crazy for both cars and pedestrians! Things I love: ample space to hang before you go thru security, shopping areas if you forgot to get souvenirs, eating places, kiosks to check in at, slot machines for one more chance to win, cool art work. Things I hate: walking forever to anything, no one cleans the tables quickly, walking forever to anything..... It's a huge airport. Hopefully this willhelp them bring more flights like they want.
Le point fort: Sa situation geographique offre une superbe vue a l'atterrissage et au decollage! Ca vaut vraiment le coup d'oeil de jour comme de nuit!. Evidemment plein de machines a sous et des bornes pour tirer de l'argent, par contre le guichet de change ferme pendant temps du lunch :S aberration!. Si vous arrivez, attention dehors il fait tres chaud! Les taxis et limo attendent devant et ca en jette! Mais comme partout on abuse des touristes alors qu'il y a des navettes (petits bus blancs) qui vous emmenent a votre hotel gratuitement + pourboire.. Si vous partez, pas grand chose a faire, poster une derniere carte postale, perdre ses derniers dollars dans une machine a sous ou acheter 2 ou 3 bricoles hors de prix. Vous pouvez rentrez chez vous la tete pleine de souvenirs et les poches pleines de vide ;)
A huge airport!!!   Give yourself plenty of time to pick up a rental car if you plan to get one.   It is fairly easy to get to it though, just hop on a shuttle bus and it will take you to the rental car place!   . . And if you didn't have enough slot machine experience in Las Vegas, don't worry! there are plenty of these machines at this airport!     . . Also give yourself extra time to get to the gate on the return flight!!! again, it is a huge airport!!!
Lots of food selections, quickly moved through security, and you can gamble in the terminal (if thats your sorta thing).
I've had good and bad experiences here. Most recently, I flew in on Virgin America and it was the first time I've been to terminal 3. It was nice not having to use the monorail. It was clean, security line went quickly, and there were plenty of options for food and drinks. I wish they had table games in the terminal.
Arrive de jour pour le CES, nous n'avons pas pu profiter des lumieres et autres publicites geantes qui illumine Las Vegas. Ayant fait une escale a Salt LLake City juste avant, nous n'avons pas fait le passage immigration a cet aeroport, dommage :). Mais des notre sortie de notre porte de debarquement, des machines a sous annoncent que nous sommes bien a bonne destination ! De nombreuses boutiques de souvenirs, boire/manger et meme un musee !. Le WiFi est gratuit en echange d'une publicite, ce qui perrmet de relever ses emails a l'arrivee.. En cas de forte affluence, il faudra prendre son mal en patience pour prendre un taxi. En effet, la file de taxi est juste immense. Cependant, la longueur des allers-retours dans la file font que l'on marche beaucoup et que l'on attend moins puisqu'il y a pres de 19 emplacements de taxi.. Au retour, la securite est efficace et le passage frontiere s'effectue rapidement. Les memes boutiques du depart sont de nouveau accessibles et il y a meme un Burger King pour ceux qui veulent en profiter avant de revenir en Europe :). Bon vol !
For the volume that they handle here, it is not so bad. However, when there is a large convention in town it is a mess. The taxi lines are impossible and you have to take a 10 minutes ride (plus the lines to get on the bus) to get to the rental car centre.. . There is a number of remote gates accessible only through the use of automated trains. Waiting for luggage seems to always take forever. That said, security is generally not too bad and you can kill time by loosing on the omnipresent slots machines. Delays are rare due to the generally nice weather.
Vegas baby! But when are they going to fix that taxi line?! SoooOo slow each and every time.
For such a busy ariport McCarren still manages to be user friendly.  Unlike placs like SFO or LAX McCarren isnt confusing and pretty straightfoward as fas as airports go.  There are lots of places to shop and eat not to mention all the slot machines including the iconic Wheel of Fortune LOL.  Depending on where your gate is located you may have to walk quite a bit, but given my fondness for eating I really dont mind :)
Oh LAS. I get the biggest kick out of the fact that you can gamble absolutely everywhere in Vegas..including the airport for either your first or last fix. The airport didn't seem too bad, checkin lines and security lines were long but moved quickly and the airport wasn't difficult to travel.  The only issue I personally had was that I couldn't find a quiet spot to make a phone call.  I couldn't hear who I was trying to talk to and found no where to finish the call.
TSA is getting better here, not as time consuming but theycould really improve the gate signs.
I'm not going to win any points with the LV tourism bureau by saying that the lowlight of my life is always flying into Vegas and the highlight is flying out of.  Why?  I hate Vegas the way a mouse would a cat.  Vegas crouches in the shadows waiting to pounce on me and bite my head off by ripping my purse outta me and maxing out my credit cards and cash.. . If you want to see what Vegas is like in an encapsulated and somewhat dated place (like a casino that's gone past it's hey day), hang out at the McCarran Airport for a few hours.  Sure, it's added some space and parts of it are newer than others, but they still have those old clunker slot machines and the tacky souvenir shops.  . . The security lines are some of the longest I've ever encountered (Depends on the time and day too).  Booze is everywhere (it goes hand in hand with the gambling, you know) - all that's missing are those foot-long margaritas, the strip joints or the people standing around hawking stuff or throwing the titty bar cards at you.  But if the McCarran airport had all of that, you wouldn't leave the airport and experience Vegas itself now, would you?
I have never seen so many bodies slumped on the floor, crouched under phone banks, sitting next to garbage cans all vying for precious power outlets to charge their phones/tablets/laptops.  Here is my idea, feel free to steal it: open a coffee shop with carousels each equipped with a power outlet - better yet, time the outlet based on your purchase (lol!!!) every dollar spent gets you 3 minutes!!! EVIL. . So, think about how this facility enhances your travel.  I like the automated walkways, the art (yes, there's some art), the glitz of the slot machines, and the ads for shows, particularly in the huge baggage claim area.  And baggage claim has improved noticeably, bags arrive very quickly from the plane.  Free (but sometimes overloaded) WiFi.. . How does it hamper or annoy?  I hate waiting for the gate-terminal trams.  Already mentioned the absence of power outlets.  Not enough seating in the gate area.  High priced food.  WRETCHED security 'line management', and longer than necessary waits.  No decent place to "chill".  Airline checkin counters seem oddly inefficient, my SeaTac does far better.  Finding your way to your rental car can be difficult for the unitiated.. . Undoubtedly, for better or worse, I'll be back thru here.  Keep trying!
It's not bad, just get there early if your leaving form a convention...it will take at least 30 minutes to get through security and too your gate.
If I'm going to have a layover at any airport in the US, I would have to be here. I would say this is a great airport because of the slots, but that also makes it not-so-great because I love slots and I can easily lose money if I am here too long, haha.. . It's Vegas! So there has to be slots, otherwise, it'd be a boring, normal airport. I really hate how far terminal B is from Terminal C. Also, the walk between those two terminals is like the most lackluster experience. Any other airport would have a plethora of stores for you to see, but not at McCarran. Gates are easy to find too.. . There are so many people here, which makes the restrooms dirty and kinda filthy. Ugh. It is right across from The Strip, so you don't really need a taxi if you have a layover long enough for you to have some fun. Just don't forget to get back in time for your flight.
McCaran is a tale of Terminals. Depending which terminal you are flying in/out of will dramatically sway your opinion of this place. . . When there are 1,000's of slot machines yet still tons of people camped out on the floor so they can plug in... It automatically loses 2 stars for me. I mean really... Don't have the dough to put in some extra seating...? Really?. . It's a good airport, there are certainly worse, but how good can an airport be..?
Serves it's purpose, but it is in definite need of a remodel! You think Vegas could afford to do a complete renovation judging on all the cash they pull in from the Casinos! . . The rental car facility is awesome though!
They didn't frisk me, which is a negative or a positive depending on what kind of mood I'm in, and the fella that checked my ticket was a sweet pea.
This airport requires you to walk alot when you are departing on any flight. Your arrival area is jacked up with slot machines so the minute you get off welcome to Las Vegas! lol The security area had an average wait time and it wasn't to bad overall. The rental car area was easy in and out so no complaints there.
Looks like McCarran has a new terminal, which is Terminal 3. I like this Terminal - wide open spaces, high ceilings, lots of natural lighting. Also, brightly light signage so it's easy to navigate. I guess I'll be flying in and out of this Terminal a lot. . . One thing that I don't like is the lack of a TSA PreCheck Screening area, and airports which are not experienced with TSA PreCheck are often somewhat confused as to what to do with those who are a part of the PreCheck Program in my experience thus far.
If it wasn't for the 5 hour delay I had to sit through when I was coming back from Vegas, I wouldn't even bother writing a review, however, here I am reminiscing my torturous experience I had recently gone through. . . This airport is exactly what the three stars mean: A-OK. When you get there and you are going to the strip, the best thing I can suggest is taking the shuttle right off the bat (round trip). It takes you straight to the hotel, though it may stop at other hotels first, and they load and unload your luggage. If you do get the round trip, they give you a number to call at least 24 hours in advance to reserve a spot on the way back. The shuttle usually picks you up at least 2 to 2.5 hours before your flight, though the airport is only 10 min or so away. It's def cheaper than the cabbies - they rip you off soooo badly in Vegas! . . Unfortunately, we flew spirit (I have another review for that alone), and instead of departing at 5:20 pm, we left at 10:04 pm. I had a good 5 hours to really get to know the airport... and I have nothing good to report. There are barely any food options around and the ones that are worth mentioning (Starbucks, Einstein Bagels) were already closed. There was only one airport shop which really sucks because I didn't have a chance to buy any souvenirs during my 3 day stay, so I thought the airport would give me some good choices to pick from. I would also say that the prices are pretty high considering that we had a $7 per person voucher for a meal from Spirit (how very generous of them) and it still wasn't enough for two hot pretzels and two drinks. . . The obviously cool part of this airport are the slot machines since you won't see that any where else, but I don't gamble, so it made no difference to me. This airport is perfect for those who have planes that leave on time, otherwise, it's a pretty lame time if you ask me!
this airport confuses me when i get off the plane in vegas. i always forget that i have to take the tram to get to the baggage claim area / out the airport. i like how it is so easy to find the restroom right when i get off the plane. LOL. . i like how this airport has some last minute gambling or start your gambling right when you land into vegas. i remember one time my friend and i were stuck at the airport due to a delayed in our flight -- we were at the slot machines to pass by time. . . you have to remember that there are 2 exits -- the exit closest to the baggage claim is where the shuttle is. and the exist away from the baggage claim is where the taxi line is. i was so lost and confused when i step out the airport looking for a taxi. i exited to the shuttle area and had to walk back into the airport to the taxi area. Getting a taxi was super easy. There is a a line and theline moves pretty quick since every taxi is waiting for business. . . i hate how the gates to my flight was so far away from the security area. it was seriously a 10 min walk!
I've only flown in to stay a handful of times, but I've had layovers here plenty. After years of it, I'm finally putting down a few thoughts. Let's go pro/con on this bad boy, shall we?. . Pro: . --Convenient location. Not like Denver where you feel like you're flying into a neighboring state. When you land, you're pretty sure you're coming down on the road until the runway appears right there.. --Food. It's packed in there. Not always what or where you want, but there are options.. --Flights. It's busy, and pretty big, and flights are usually cheap and the come in at all hours of the day and night.. . Con:. --Not nice, or new, and with the addition of slot machines it just sorta feels like a dated casino.. --Layout. Ugh. Long, skinny terminals with big bulbous pods on the end where they cram people in. Someone's always in your way if you're in a hurry, and it's an airport; you're always in a hurry.. --Signage. Not really clear on inter-terminal transportation and routing, and for crying out lout can you please have more signs for the bathroom? We almost had a catastrophe on our hands. . Indifferent:. --Baggage claim. (Although I've only had lost luggage twice and both times it was from Southwest at LV). --Security. So-so in line time.. --Parking.. --Seating. Not too many plugs, actually, but usually enough seating.. . I don't like spending too much time here and it's not in my top half of favorite US airports. Should I worry that I have a top half of favorite US airports?
My first landing there.  . Airport wayfinding is a bit overwhelmed with all the lights and gambling machines.. One fact I did not love was that there were so many people SMOKING everywhere.  That was just plain NASTY!!. . Might make me avoid this place in the future.
Good full service, international airport. . . The security lines are horrible here but with Pre TSA I am a happy camper when flying out. I think that this airport could use a little face lift however as it seems to look nearly the same as it did 10 years ago. It could also use some more upscale eateries.
I've been through here a few times, but not in a few years aside from a recent connection. All was well for the most part, although there is inadequate seating in many of the gate areas, so lots of people end up on the floor or standing. There are also tons of slot machines in the airport, which is a unique touch.
3.5 From a perspective of picking someone up. Easy to navigate around. No crazy twists and lane merging (looking at you LAX.) Came on a Sunday morning and place was perfectly calm and empty. Parked for $2 for the first hour in short term parking to pick someone up.. . My only gripe.. . "Passenger pick up" LOL what ever happened to "flight arrivals" or "arriving flights?". . I assumed "passenger pick up," was exactly what it says, a place to pick up passengers. The older generation in the car disagreed and said that there had to be an arrivals section for Southwest. Nope. The tiny little section that is passenger pick up is where you pick everyone up from Terminal 1. Nothing wrong with it except when only half the people in the car get it, it might be time to change the wording.
McCarran International has one great feature.  If your final destination is here you are visiting Vegas and getting from the terminal and out to all the fun and games is quick and easy.  If you're not - well more fool you, this is not the place for a lay over and is best avoided on that front.. . When I'm arriving, I just want to get to my hotel and then to the Blackjack tables, or if I'm here on business --- well okay, same thing until I have to do the serious stuff!. . Leaving Vegas via this airport is a whole other experience.  The layout of the terminals is atrocious, and going past the rows of slot machines where desperate people try to remake their fortunes before their flights just seems depressing to me.  Food options and most other amenities also seem poor in the terminals here in my experience.. . I will give this airport one more redeeming feature though.  If you are traveling out from here the security is really fast and friendly, at least if you're on Delta and heading to SLC, and that is what allows me to redeem it to an A-OK rating.
Walked in and straight to gate b, Thursday at 5 is a dead time!. . Fairly easy to navigate through this airport.
As the drunks, and the bankrupt try to stand on their two feet and wipe their tears away, I was just trying to get on my flight, weaving between all the crazy people.  The people watching here is unbelievable.  Not to mention the last minute gambling before hopping on the plane back home (love the slots in the Airport).. . Security was a breeze and my flight left on time with no hiccups.  Overall this airport is acceptable.  I might have had a stronger opinion if I wasn't recovering from a hangover myself leaving Vegas - full disclosure here.
This review is for T1 (just for clarification). . Overall my experience at McCarran has been decent, I've never been late to a flight and security lines have never been an issue.  For departures, the D gates are definitely the nicest, when I flew Southwest I had another gate area and it was very dated with low ceilings and not a lot of space.. . Baggage claim is reasonably speedy and it's not a big walk back to long-term parking which is a plus.  I really wish the baggage area would get an upgrade as this is where many of our visitors get their first look at Vegas.  In some ways this area is stuck in a time warp around the mid-90s.. . Parking fills up on holidays so more often than not you'll have to loop around and drive to the economy lot and wait for a shuttle.  I don't dread this airport, but it is not as well laid out as my home town Detroit (DTW)
I'm not a fan of airports, and I'm also no travel expert. I hate airports and get extremely anxious finding the right place to pick up, drop off or park. There's no greater horror in airport driving than arriving before the person I'm picking up arrives. . . All that being said, McCarran is a dream. Even *I* can drive in a circle over and over without getting lost or anxious, so I don't mind if the person I'm picking up is late.
It seems to be an older airport. The slot machine noise gets a bit annoying near the gates and the D terminal around gate 42 is seriously lacking enough plugs. In D there is a United Club, the new American Express Centurion Club (open only to any AMEX cardholder - $50; free for Centurion card members), and a very small club by gate D1 on the Priority Pass membership list. Good views of Vegas depending where in the airport you are. Very friendly TSA agents with a good sense of humour - they seem to enjoy their job and made the queue move quickly. I didn't have a bad experience here, but I won't be adding it to the list of my favourite airports.
Could use a modern renovation, but why spend the money on the airport when it's the casinos that keep getting bigger and better. Lots of food choices in the southwest concourse c. The newer terminal is awesome but I rarely ever get to hangout there due to not flying allegiant anymore. And of course the slot machines are fun, I just wish they were some of the newer games instead of the 80s games.
This airport is semi confusing even to me who is a savvy traveler. I got on the wrong train (T1) to baggage claim and needed to go to T3, but never saw signs for T3. . . Then on the way back to depart from the airport, security check was longer than a line for a ride at Disney World. Not a good mix for someone literally only running on 20 mins of sleep in 3 days and m&m's& vodka!
Yes McCarran has made overall improvements, but Southwest still has some of the slowest security lines, geez! Hundreds of people in line and there are (2) TSA agents with (3) conveyor belts/metal detectors. . I requested a pat down in lieu of the body scan and the poor TSA agent had to yell for a female assistant four or five times over a 20 minute period before anyone showed up. . The Southwest gates are probably the furthest gates from the security check, but there are plenty of snack stops and bathrooms spread out along the way. The bathrooms are very clean and have plenty of stalls.. . 5 stars on the remodel. 3 starts for efficiency and speed
ive been in this airport plenty of times.. what can i say? its an airport. its pretty easy to navigate and i havent really had any issues here.. the one thing that i can suggest is to arrive with plenty of time. ive known of people how got there and were turned away, having been told that they were too late- when there was still 30 minutes before the flight.
Cute small airport for an international one, the McCarren has everything you would need if you are stuck in an airport and needed something. Need? What can you possibly need?. . Slot machines. And slot machines in rooms where you can smoke.. . Yes, Sin City has slot machines for you while you either wait for you flight or wait for your baggage claim. Why? Why are you feeding to my gambling addiction? (Okay, I don't really have a gambling addiction, but still...). . The only other thing I would like to point out is that half the restaurants and stores shutdown down once it's past 10pm. So much for the city that doesn't sleep.
I find reviews on airports and other government run operations next to useless.  I mean are you going to fly into LA or SLC and drive down to Vegas because they are horrible ... the beauty of no competition is you don't have to worry about customer service.. . That being said here are a few pointers to make your experience as painless as possible ... I've flown in and out a McCarran too many times to count.  The one thing I enjoy about McCarran is the people watching.  All walks of life in one place and often times after a week long bender.  Good times.. . There is also plenty to do at McCarran while your flight is delayed ... lots of bar/food options and how many other airports can you play slot machines at?. . The security lines are not all created equally.  The B gates are often times the quickest to get through and since all the terminal connect you can get to you gate this way too.
I don't hate this airport as much as LAX, but it's pretty confusing.  There's like 50 lines for southwest organized in no order what so ever.  Your rental shuttle takes you to one area, then you need to take another shuttle to your terminal.  Then find really confusing long lines for southwest indoors and outdoors! . . I had mixed bag with employees, 1 was really rude and mean, 2 were really nice.  . . Tip - I think the outdoor lines are shorter
Mom likes coming to the airport early so she can play the starwars slot machine. The guy sitting next to her just won $300.00.. We visit Las Vegas 5 times a year so we are very familiar with this airport.. We take Hawaiian or United so we are in the new terminal 3. It's actually pretty easy going through tsa here and they have a ton of check in counters via computer screens so it makes it quick to check in.. They have a few good places to grab a bite to eat and they are open late when we are taking the red eye flight.. The slots here pay out so that helps pass the time quick.. Bathrooms are clean and spacious.. Free wifi which also makes the time go by quickly.. Easy airport to navigate.. Just arrive on off hours or the taxi lines are really really long or make sure you have a car service arrange in advance that makes a difference.
This airport is a bit confusing and lacks restaurant options. However, I've never had a bad experience here (the two times that I've been, lol). . . The good part: YOU'RE IN VEGAS!!!
A okay airport I would say, but the slot machines are very very tight though.  They do have a lot of food offerings and I got my baggage pretty fast too. The only probably is there are 2 sides one for the passanger pickup and one for the limo.  It got confusing when I wanted to be picked up, I had to go to the other side.  I finally figured this out after 20 minutes.   Overpriced, but that is the airport for ya.
Make sure you plan for a lot of time. The lines are long, then you have to take the train over to the terminal. I do like to play the solts here. I have won as much as 250 bucks on the way out. Few nice places to eat. Great place to people watch.
Pro: You can gamble (slots) in this airport when there is a delay.. Con: You can lose money in this airport when there is a delay.. . Pro: Several food options are spread throughout the terminal.. Con: None of these places are places I really want to eat at.. . Pro: The airport is so close to the Strip that you think you might be landing on the Strip during approach.. Con: It's still a $40 cab ride from the airport to the Strip.. . Pro: Vegas knows how to handle a line efficiently.. Con: Lines for everything are long.. . So, it's not the worst airport I've ever flown into, but it isn't exactly awesomesauce either. However, the excitement when you land is palpable, just as the hangovers on departures are.
McCarran and JFK always force me to choose between renouncing pescatarianism or starving for a couple more hours. The latter tends to win out.. . On top of that, I would like to mention that the last time I was here, all the outlets for several gates were dead. I think all the sockets in that area (Southwest) were just dead. Several ppl complained. Come on maintenance ppl!
Quick and easy boarding! I never have a problem getting my baggage within a decent time frame. The only con is that there is a bit of traffic getting to your gate, so make sure you leave at least an hour to check in your bags.
Yelp 100 Challenge 2013- 11/100. . I'm a travel junkie and do a ton of traveling for work. I am in and out of McCarran Intl Airport almost weekly and I would say it is a very well-run facility.  Compared to other airports in the US, I would definitely rank it in the top 10.  The gates and security checkpoints are easy to navigate and I always find that the security personnel are rather friendly.. . However, for those who are just casual travelers... I WOULD STRONGLY advise printing out your boarding pass at your home or office.  Although the security lines move pretty quick, you could spend 30-45 minutes waiting in line at the ticket counters for your boarding pass- This is unavoidable for casual travelers who need to check bags. You will also save a substantial amount of time if you opt to fly with only carry-on/personal items. Vegas knows how to handle a line efficiently, however lines can be extremely long since Vegas is so popular.. . On the bright side, McCarran offers slot machines around every corner (for the gamblers) - which is nice if there is an unexpected delay.  They also offer free wifi for travelers and they have several food options that are spread out within the airport (with more options being added quickly for the expansion). . . The Best Part?  Everyone who lands here is so excited and it's one of the best part of living in Vegas. The energy is almost palpable and I truly enjoy their upbeat spirit when I land.  Our city is uniquely amazing and I love seeing everyone so happy to be here....
Its an airport. Pretty quick with security, United sucks but that doesnt really fall on the airport itself. Overall the airport was good, had things to do and eat. Cant complain, but its an airport.
This isn't the most horrible airport I've ever been to, but it's definitely not the nicest. . . For one, it's sort of a pain trying to maneuver through all of the tourists that arrive and are in la la land because of all the lights and noises coming from the slot machines. Yeah, they're everyone, I mean, that want you to gamble, even if you're there for a quick layover.. . The gates are pretty crowded and you'll encounter quite a few people with mean hangovers. I wouldn't take rude behavior personal. I'd probably react the same way if I was full of sugary alcoholic drinks and up for over 36-hours straight. Who knows, maybe they just lost their house on the roulette table? You really never know what the person's story may be.. . One of my biggest complaints is the walk from the terminals to ground transportation. They have a little tram that will take you from one terminal to another, which is nice, but just to get to the pick up area can be quite a hike. If I had a bad hip, I'd probably give up half way through.. . What I did like was that they had a designated pick up area for arrivals. My friends were able to pull right up and I was able to jump in without being harassed by airport security for being there more than two-minutes (ahem LAX). There were also plenty of cabs if you needed one as well as other touristy buses if you wanted to go sightseeing straight from the airport.. . Because it's so close to the strip, you can easily cab it to and from your hotel for about $15-$20. A cheap ride if you're splitting it between a few people.
so when departing... make sure you get there about 3 hours early. my flight was leaving at 9:30am on sunday morning so i left my hotel at 6:55am... BARELY made my flight cause the security portion of the airport takes a long time.  Although the TSA were working quickly... there are just soooo many people that the line!  if i had to do it again... i woulda left my hotel around 6am instead. :)
Tell taxi driver not to take Interstate!  Taxis are always an ordeal here, either there's a really long line or they try to take the most expensive route possible.  The Mirage is only 4 miles away yet they always try to take you out on the Interstate which doubles the mileage.. . As far as the airport itself, there's a lot of amenities that can keep you occupied while waiting for a flight...even last minute gambling.
This airport is kinda deceitful. From the outside, and even inside the terminals it looks modern, clean, and inviting. That all changes the moment you need to excuse yourself to the restroom.. . Hands down the nastiest restroom I saw the whole time I was in Vegas, like seriously. I am pretty sure there was even a glory hole in one of the stalls. Unless you are into that kinda thing, you are probably better off holding it in.. . The TSA line was also frustrating. They flagged three pax carry-ons in front of me for additional screening, but they would only screen one bag at a time. I stood there, with my backpack in the xray scanner giving it a nice radiation bath for over 15 minutes while they meticulously went through a sorority chicks lacey panties and grampa joes dentures and woodworking mags. They refused to carry on until the other luggage had been screened, even though mine was in the machine and fine.. . They do have an American Express lounge and a handful of fast food joints. Oh, and do yourself and your wallet a favor and STAY AWAY FROM THE SLOTS IN THE AIRPORT!
Overall Good Airport, lots of selections of restaurants.  Make sure you that you are in terminal d though because everything else is a bit old.  Also quick note, if you are connecting between A Gates and D Gates you have to leave the secured area! So you better be prepared to do an OJ through the airport if you have a tight connection!
Very interesting airport. The minute I stepped into the airport from my plane I saw a bunch of slot machines. HAHA! Otherwise everything is okay. It took us a while to find buses to commute.
The Las Vegas airport is a bit tacky but it's Vegas so get used to it.  It's quite interesting walking around the airport, no one really wants to play the slots but yet it's there so there's almost an obligation.  You do see the crazy and excited people arriving and hurrying to get to the strip and then you also see lots of slow goers that are still hurting from the nights' festivities.
If they hadn't built the new terminal my review for this place would be less than 3 stars.  Considering that Las Vegas is a hot spot for frequent vistors, I think they should start making the upgrades to the old terminal.  Both terminals are pretty straight forward though as I don't think I've ever been confused finding where the taxi lines are, waiting for a limo driver or looking for baggage claim.  . . Oh and I should say that Las Vegas is just not the same without the slot machines at the airport especially when you have those last minute win itches =)
If you've never been to Vegas, even the airport will be a shocker to you.. . This being my 5th or 6th trip through the area in the last 10 years, I never get over the fact that you step off the plane and into the gate area and you are smacked in the face with slot machines. Welcome to Vegas!. . There is nothing really "special" about it, it feels almost as if its worn down a bit. Nothing old school and nothing fancy, just efficient? Stay in here as long as you can though because depending on the time of the year, it's going to be the last stop to unheard of temperatures until you are safe inside a hotel
A-OK indeed.
Stopped by McCarran to meet a client and sign some papers for the car I was selling her... parking was brutal as it can be at most airports. And for a Thursday night, it seemed to be extremely busy... but then again, it is Vegas and I'm sure people are just flying in a day early to get their weekend going early.  . . Inside, there aren't really any tables you can sit on... just chairs... so that was a little awkward trying to grab multiple signatures and write on the back of my iPad. . . My original plan was to also fly out of here on Friday morning, but most of the flights did not fit around my timeframe nor company allotment, so I ended up choosing a different alternative. . . I was in and out within 2 hours, and without much hassle... so overall it wasn't terrible, but I wouldn't say it was also anything special for me either. Just A-OK in my book for now.
Show up early, and pay for TSA Pre-Check. Nothing I like about this airport, but nothing I absolutely hate.
United is always at gate D and furthest away possible from security check.
What happen to this airport? I remember it being so bright & clean. Looked like crap.
Definitely not on my list of favorite airports.. . Ease and efficiency are good. It's definitely one of the older ones that need major renovations, but you're pretty much in and out. Unless you're on one of the delays. And if you take the monorail to the wrong place, you're damn out of luck walking. This place is huge. Don't even try ending up in Baggage Claim in Terminal 1 if all your baggage is at T3. You will need to find yourself the shuttle, which in turn, takes days to get to the other terminal.. . Other than that, everything is clearly marked. TSA moves quick. Taxis are easy to find, baggage is accessible, and they got a hearty selection of slots.
Dave goes to New Mexico part 12.. . Well, here is the last of the reviews for my trip to New Mexico.  I had a connecting flight here on my way from Albuquerque back home.  I'd been to McCarran before, but it has been a few years.. . Flying in to Las Vegas is always an adventure.  It was petty bumpy.  When we landed, someone yelled "Yeah, we're in Vegas!"  Everyone started clapping.  I am not sure if they were clapping because we were in Vegas or because we landed safely.. . McCarran just keeps getting bigger and busier.  I flew on Southwest.  Southwest seems to now occupy most, if not all, of the terminal B and C gates.  I think the C terminal is new.  It is huge.  We had to walk from C terminal to B terminal, and it took us a good 20 minutes.  There is a lot of shopping and dining choices in the C terminal.  However, if you get to the B side and want something to eat, you might as well just turn around and go back to C.  B is a wasteland.. . I lost $20 on the airport slots.  Stood around.  Boarded my flight and was gone.
I imagine at least a solid 60% of people who are trying to catch morning or afternoon flights out of here are hung over. . . Who thought it was a good idea to make this the loudest, brightest airport in the country?
We flew in from SFO on a Saturday arvo  - our second stop during our wicked trip in the land of the free and home of the brave. We landed at about 3 PM and it was pretty quiet actually. The whole process of collecting our collecting our bags and everything was pretty smooth and quick.. . For first time Vegas visitors, it's actually pretty cool you know when you get into the airport and there are slot machines everywhere and it's bright and sunny outside. It's a great feeling because you know that, no matter how long you're in Vegas for, you're here to party so Welcome to Sin City!. . I don't mind McCarran, only downside I found was the long queue at the cab stand but that's to be expected so...
It's another airport!
Weird layout for passenger pick up/ limo/shuttle service. It definitely feels like you're in Vegas because they have slot machines!! Lots of stores and restaurants to entertain you while you eat for your flight.
This airport definitly need some renovation.
The worst part of this airport is their designated recharge zones are cramped, awkward, and there's never any power outlets available. There are scattered power outlets in very strange places throughout the airport so if you see a bunch of unrelated travelers stand around a wall of open space, they have struck gold. Wi Fi is free!. . There's a lot of cute little shops to look at including an oxygen bar, a chocolate shop, and random souvenir items.
Airports are airports. This one is special because of the slot machines ringing constantly and shouting "Wheel. Of. Fortune!" every 2 minutes.. Gate seats are average but it's clean and fairly easy to get around in. The luggage carousels are very easy to find and pick up from.. I do think the shuttles to the hotels are pretty bad and the city could really step in and manage them.
Years ago, I thought McCarran was one of the best airports around.  Not because it was fancy or nice (cuz it's mostly not), but because they have slot machines by the gates!  Certainly beats just sitting around (though it's potentially quite a bit more expensive...).  I even remember telling myself that "if I were to ever have a long delay, I would want it to be here".  . . Fast forward years later and I realized...I wanted to kick my own ass for jinxing myself.  A nine hour delay and a terrible hangover will do that to you.  The food vouchers we were given helped, but there weren't a lot of appetizing options near our gate to spend them on.  A sub shop and Starbucks were just about it.. . Fast forward another few years and I was pleasantly surprised to see Virgin America had been moved into the newly built Terminal 3.  Needless to say, it's a huge improvement and much more appealing to fly in and out of - better dining options, spacious and clean, and a ton of outlets for charging devices.. . Since it was built detached from the main/older airport terminals though, splitting cabs isn't as convenient as it used to be if you're not going to the same terminal.  There's no direct access by foot between the two and the cab fare going from one to the other runs about $5-10 (though there's a shuttle between the two).  Seems pretty crazy to me!  Unless I was taken for a ride.... . BTW, ever notice how you arrive amped up and happy, but end up leaving beaten and exhausted?  Never fails.
It's not the best airport, but with so many people coming to Vegas all the time they kind of have things down to a science. If you need a cab when you arrive, the line is always long, but it moves fast as they have it very organized. Since it's the off season right now,  the security line wasn't too long. During cooler months when Vegas is much busier, this line can eat up a lot of time so plan accordingly. We were in terminal C and had far to walk to get to our gate. This doesn't bother me though but the whole place looks a little old and dingy. Slot machines ring out along your walk in case your money is burning a hole in your pocket. The food options are uninspiring. Burger King, pizza in the food court, a deli, a "beach bar", meh, nothing I was interested in. Our gate was small and cramped and didn't leave much room for us all to lineup under our southwest boarding group numbers. All in all, you're here for Vegas, so the airport serves it's purpose.
Short Story:. A fairly small airport.. . Long Story:. So, I am flying OUT of Vegas on a Friday night!  Who does that?!  Needless to say there was no line at security and I breezed through!
Old, but plenty of food places and slot machines and little shops to spend your time in while you're waiting for pick up or departure.. . Its pretty run down, they seriously should remodel this place, well at least in the southwest airlines section of the airport. But its pretty quick to get your bags and check in and security check point was really long..... . BUT EXPECT TO COME EARLIER THAN USUAL its Vegas, theres thousands of people flying in and hour every hour!
Because I practically live here I thought I may as well go ahead and review my second home.. . As a frequent flier (and what an understatement THAT is) there are MUCH worse airports than this one. And, what it lacks in style, it makes up for in ease of use. . . All the ticket counters are in one place (well, not now that they added T3, but you get what I mean), it's super easy to use the tram, getting to your gate is relatively easy because it's just not that big of an airport. Getting luggage is simple, catching a cab, getting to the parking lot, everything is simple because it's a small airport. . . Now, having said that, it at least functions like a major one. It has a super easy system to get through security. I can get my bag checked, through security, on thetram and to my gate generally in about 30 minutes. That's pretty good. Have you been to Houston? Seriously, you'll love McCarran if you know what I mean.. . I can also get my bags super quick depending on the efficiency of the airline which is usually really good. . . I love this airport, I wish all airports were like this one. The only reason I didn't rate it higher is because they have no shopping to speak of, their restaurants aren't traveler friendly and there aren't many of them, and I hate seeing Vegas slots inside the airport when I don't see them in the place I live; only on the strip. Which I never go to. So I can avoid seeing slot machines. . . So, if you're not a great traveler this is a good airport for you. It makes everything so simple.
Definitely the airport I've spent the most time in over the past 20 years. The selection of restraunts and food options has gotten much better over the years. They've also come a long ways in updating & remodeling. Although I'd like to see a few more charging areas for getting your devices all juiced up while traveling. The only real complaint I have hear is the Southwest Airlines Employees. With all the travel I do I've had the absolute worst experiences with Southwest here in Vegas. Dealing with them feels like dealing with TSA's. Like they are not hear to do you any favors and your one step from being strip searched and denied travel. Then when I've tried to ask for their full name or badge numbers they refuse to tell me. I've even had them quickly take their name tag off and put it in their pocket. I could go on and on but it's not worth my time. . . Great Airport and I'd given a higher rating if it weren't for the bad service from Southwest Airlines
I am not a Vegas regular.. . That said, I have been into or through McCarren International a few times.  Once to actually visit Vegas! . . I like arriving at this airport.  I find it well laid out, easy to follow signs and luggage actually arrives fairly quickly.  There was some confusion and the belts for luggage changed for my flight, but it was small and easily overcome.  . . Finding the cab was not an issue, but I had been prepared for a "scenic route" type of ride, and was given exact directions by others on how to avoid that.  So I think my cabbie took the most direct route to the hotel.  . . I returned to the airport the following day to pick up a rental car, which I also found easy.  The airport shuttle was on time to the hotel; and the ride back was easy, but it was very early in the am.  The tough part was, he did not know where the car rental pickup was, and so dropped me off at the wrong terminal/area of McCarren.  I had to get onto another shuttle to get to the right place.  So all the time saved by taking an early shuttle was lost waiting for the next one.  But OK.. . When I was leaving Vegas some 10 days later, the car drop off was easy.  The check-in was easy.  In fact, it was all pretty easy.  Then I had to get to the gate.  That was a long walk.  I had plenty of time, but it was a long walk.  And I will say, people are much sadder leaving Vegas than they were arriving in it, so the vibe in the airport was very different.. . Overall, this is a fine airport, I found it fairly easy to navigate and the lines etc were not too long and well managed.  I'd fly into and through here again without hesitation.. . 3 stars for doing what its supposed to well.
TSA personnel seem like robots, yelling their 'required announcements' in a monotone voice to hundreds of people daily. They certainly arent friendly but i guess what can you expect from an place that deals with some many jerk daily?!?
Confusing, loud, UGH! I came to Vegas for a few days and departed via Southwest (great airline) in Terminal 1. The slot machines are a good "welcome to Vegas" part of the airport, but if you have to wait near them, they get very annoying. The layout of this airport requires a lot of walking and is a bit confusing. Let's not make already stressed travelers more stressed.... . This airport is also missing plugs. There are various charging stations, which is nice, but they were always crammed with people. An upgrade to accommodate our electronically obsessed time would do this place justice.. . The shopping and food options are pretty decent. It's not lacking, but it's not overwhelming either. . . An okay airport, but I've seen better.
This airport is just too small for how much business it gets. I always seem to be delayed when connecting through Vegas. . . I guess the existence of slot machines everywhere is a perk for would-be gamblers, but not really my cup of tea. . . McCarran offers a variety of food and shopping options, but I'd wager to say nothing that would change the average traveler's opinion about an airport.
I have finally been to Las Vegas ! .... if layovers count. Both to and from California, I stopped at McCarran. This place is quite bustling with heaps of people. Unlimited free WiFi is nice - the only catch is that you have to watch a thirty second advert for Walmart. You will be given a link to their eStore, but you can just skip it.. There's also a number of options in terms of food here - whether it would be burgers or burritos. Another interesting feature were the slot machines - if you're into that, it's a great way to kill time. . . Other Yelp'ers have reviewed things like the exits and baggage claims - I was only here for 1.5 hours each time so my review is based on the perspective of a layover waiter.. . Good for: air travel (obvi)
This airport is nothing special------EXCEPT the slot machines every where you go!!!! This is a gambler's paradise, giving travelers something to do during their down time.  It is such a shame though, that these slot machines suck, and an employee has to redeem your ticket for you, instead of being able to cash in the voucher at a machine. . . Overall, this airport is much like the others I have been to.  Slow service, long lines, lots of fast food restaurants, and miserable people waiting to go back home, with no money left in their pockets.
Unique in several ways, mainly the ubiquitous presence of slot machines everywhere including the main terminals and concourses within a few feet of the arrival/departure gates, complete with attendants to make change or  pay off winnings, and cocktails on sale next to the slots.    The layout of the airport is a bit sprawling so it is a bit of a hike from check-in at American to the departure concourse & gates.   Understand this is due to an expansion/redesign that eliminates the prior cramped arrangement so it is a trade off.   Very nice that the airport is located within sight of the strip and casino hotels.
***MADHOUSE DURING PEAK TIMES***. ***WAITING TIME FOR CHARGING STATIONS***. ***PLENTY OF ALCOHOL AVAILABLE***. . I've stopped through here plenty of times, and recently during a layover on the way to Reno.  It was the Friday before Labor Day Weekend so the Southwest Terminal was very crowded.  Outside temperature: 110F.  Inside temperature (my estimate): 85-90F plus high humidity.  . . I hesitate to write a review about this airport/terminal because it's not like someone will avoid this airport/terminal based on a review.  BUT, it is important to know what to expect. . . There is an over-priced Mexican restaurant.  If you want a drink from the bar, there is a no-wait area cordoned off for to-go drinks.  That's something I've never seen before. . . There are at least 2 charging stations immediately across from the 2 sets of restrooms.  . . Avoid the tremendous line at Starbucks and go to the Coffee Bean right around the corner.
My only visits to McCarran are due to layovers from and to the East Coast. I've never ventured far from my terminal for the next flight. Whatever I need is nearby -- a quick snack, magazines, Tylenol for a raging headache. The Southwest terminal offers great specimens for people watching. I never get bored.
Easy enough to navigate, good offerings once inside (obviously there are slots, it's vegas after all, never played any of them though).
I must admit that this is one of the busiest small airports ive ever flown from.  Even on the weekdays the airport can be extremely packed.  Not sure if its all vegas travelers or just people getting connnecting flights.  It really seems like the gates are pretty small, i guess its because it has all the slow machines around.  . As far as food choices are concerned you pretty much have your standard fare but it does seem like the food at this particular airport is especially more expensive.  Case in point, on the same day i went from the atlanta airport to vegas and then to home to OC.  I had breakfast in atlanta at popeyes for about $6 bucks.  When I got to vegas, the same breakfast was listed at $8.  I know airport food is expensive but it just seems like they really get you at this airport.  Good thing about this airport is thats they always overbook flights so if your not in any rush you can try and earn free credit vouchers if your willing to give up your seat for the next flight.
This seems like a perfectly good airport, but not the best. There aren't enough seats for everyone, that's for sure - but that may be because the slot machines at every gate take up so much space. At least if you get there early, as we did, you don't have to waste any time in Vegas not gambling! The boyfriend won a good amount of money while we were waiting for our plane.
old airport, no wifi, no charging stations.
they have remodeled this airport and added a new terminal i think because they are becoming much more international now... . . pay attention to your flight when they tell you which baggage claim to go to... one is nearby the other you have to take the tram to which can be confusing if you don't pay attention.. . . I had no trouble but i can see how someone who is unfamiliar would get lost and miss their baggage claim area. . I like that they have lots of free charging stations everywhere so you can keep all your devices charged to keep you busy as you wait for your flight..
Efficient Airport. The only thing that's different is that it has casinos in the airport.  Everything else is pretty smooth and there isn't much more to say.  I got in and I got out on time and that's what I expect from a good airport.
There should be two Yelp pages for this airport - one for arrivals, another for departures.  Arriving would garner an easy 5 stars - the place is awesome when you land in Vegas...bright lights, the sound of slot machines clanking, the luggage carousels surrounded by trolls lookin' to get their Vegas on!  Departures are another story.  Grimy waiting areas, crappy food selection, stores selling absolute shit trinkets...and yes, trolls with their sad-ass long faces wondering how much money they really lost and reflecting on their gnarly hangovers, worried about puking on the plane rides home.  1-2 stars in McCarran departure land.  I guess I have to give it 3 stars - blend the two airports into one.  McCarran is a necessary evil if you want to hang in Sin City.
It's an airport... with all the expected airport accoutrements and issues. But, it's in Las Vegas so there's a few differences. . . #1. You can gamble. Can't wait to lose money at the slots? Got a couple bucks you want to burn before you leave town? Hit up the slots nearest to your gate! We played a Star Wars slots machine which was actually pretty fun even though we lost. . #2. Mind the bathroom stall you choose. If someone comes out looking like hell, you probably want to pick another stall. Speaking from experience. . #3. Be ready for lines. It's a big airport with a lot of people going through it everyday. There are going to be lines no matter what time of day it is. However, they are ready for it... and as long as you prepare you can save yourself some aggravation (ie: get ready for security before you hit security, have your IDs ready, and your patience handy). We got through a huge line to check-in for our flight and another huge line at security in less than 25 minutes. They don't have time to take any crap here, so leave the jokes and chattiness in your luggage. . . The upsides is the cabs are plentiful and the Strip is close.
HOLY TAXI LINES!  Wow.  I think I sprouted a few new grays while waiting in this line and probably dropped a few pounds since I was here in mid August.  I landed at 11 am and arrived at Palazzo at 11:50 am.  If you are familiar with Vegas, you know that the airport is not 50 minutes away from the airport....all that time was spent standing in a line that was probably 200-300 people!. Aside from the taxi line situation, this is a basic airport -- with Slot Machines!  So if you have time to kill, you have options.  Concessions are not great, but hopefully you don't have to wait here too long.  Good Luck!
Airport. . This is the place that begins and ends the majority of people that show up at Vegas - and like the town, it is designed to take your money.. . Firstly, and I find this interesting - why is it located right down the street from Las Vegas?  To me, it seems they could have put it further away but on the other hand, it makes the time between getting your bags and getting out and gambling amazingly short.. . Banks of slot machines everywhere - sort of has to be that way I guess - but they even put the damn things where you drop your rental cars just in case you had some spare change you didn't want to fly home with.. . Big airport befitting a town that relies on chumps from all over - and in that respect, it gets the job done of moving hoardes of people in and out of town in a hurry.. . Terminals were clean enough as were bathrooms - so at least that is a bonus.. . The only game in town, so to speak, where you can know the outcome in advance!
What's not to like? ... or hate? It's a warehouse with slot machines and doors every 100 feet that lead to planes. Food is better than LA/Ontario, it's clean, and you can see the Vegas landscape. Not enough outlets for our chargers, but that's typical of older airports. Actually I feel good there because we are always going somewhere.
An older looking airport, the southwest workers were very polite, funny and accomodating. This airport definitely gives you the vegas feel as soon as you arrive because of the slot machines at every corner.
We only made it here for a layover. I wish I had more time to experience this airport - it seems to have character. Unfortunately, our early arrival was met with no gate at which to park so we were left sitting on the tarmac for 15-20 minutes. This left approximately no time for us to hit the bathroom, grab a slice of mediocre pizza, and begin boarding for our connecting flight back to Pittsburgh. . . It's cool that there are slot machines to greet you in the terminal and there's a nice view of downtown Vegas that you can see from the runway during takeoff and landing.
I've been to this airport about 5+ times. And I always wonder why it's so dated? But maybe it's all the slot machines that make it look that way? . . Regardless, of it's looks, I've never had any problems with security, delayed flights, or luggage/baggage claim. Usually the wait for baggage is less than 10 minutes (after walking an eternity from the gates to the baggage carousel, the bags are there soon after). . . Also, I got a Jamba Juice from there.. The smallest size they offer and it was $6+. I thought about canceling my order but I needed something to nurse my headache with on my way home to San Jose.
This is a decent airport that I have flown in and out of several times - there is nothing to rave about, but nothing to complain about.. . We had some issues with luggage this past weekend and how TSA handled it, but Southwest compensated us with a credit.
Love/Hate relationship with this place. Love it when I arrive, hate it when I leave. They seemed to have spread out the airport a bit. Luckily, checking in and going through security has never been a problem for me. Have never tried the slots at the airport as I feel they are destined to eat your money.
This place is 5 stars upon arrival and like 3 stars at departure time. . . When the plane lands, I can already feel it. I've been waiting patiently for the doors to open so we can get our Vegas on. I mean, the moment we walk through the doors we are speed walking to get a cab. I don't even know if I have ever noticed anything about the airport when I arrive. I couldn't tell you the color scheme, what food is offered, nothin'!. . When we head back here to go home, I am moving in slow mo. I notice everything! I notice the stench, the outdated decor, the paint peeling and on and on it goes. The food options suck, I don't feel like eating at Blimpies, the place smells like a urinal biscuit and I just want to get the hell away from here asap!!. . This is one of those places that has traffic like you couldn't imagine. But they don't need to spend a dime on the airport b/c what are gonna do, stop going to Vegas b/c the airport sucks? Stop having bachelor parties here b/c the airport furniture is outdated? Nope.
Viva Las Vegas!  Very busy airport so get there early and be prepared to wait in line.
Worst security line ever.  So slow.  Was fortunate enough to be upgraded on my flight, but the first class security line was even slower than the regular one.  I know...wah wah.  But, seriously.  I never get upgraded, so it's a big deal for me.. . Then you have to take a train to get from security to the gates.  Atleast for Delta terminal.  Just extra time on top of the slow security.. . On the positive - I love when airports are themed to their location.  This airport is full of slot machines!  Welcome to Vegas!
It's an okay airport. Definitely not as pretty as Vancouver airport. But there aren't many airports that are nice as YVR (at least the ones I have been to). . . I like that they have a free wifi but in terms of other stuff, there isn't much. No food court or a nice lounging area. They do have a restaurant and Starbucks on second floor but the restaurant had short operating hours. At least, we could rely on good old Starbucks to stay open and provide seating area. . . It was confusing having to take a tram to from one side of the airport to the other but not that bad.
I like this airport because it has slow machines while you're waiting for your flight. Other than that, it looks pretty old and run down compared to the nicely remodeled airports that I'm use to.
One of the most annoying things about flying is pulling in off the taxiway to find your gate occupied.  Then the airline makes you wait until the squatter finally departs.  This is craziness!  Pick a new gate and move on.  All planes have radios, GPS, and other tech so that the airport should know full well when the plane will be inbound.  Any airline that can't be prepared for an inbound aircraft shows their incompetence.
Been through this airport twice now and haven't had any issues. Easy to navigate, indoor smoking areas and slots to while away the time if you are so inclined. Typical food choices and stores. It's an airport what do you expect?
It's an airport... in Las Vegas. Which means a few slot machines int he walk ways...and that is fine by me.. Everything else has always worked out fine for me.. There are always plenty of cabs outside...the baggage never seems to take too long...and even at 2am..the staff doesn't seem to be in any less of a decent mood then at 2pm.
Home base airport... Tourist need to let us implode this like we do with all of our hotels once they've been open for 25 years and rebuild
Welcome to Vegas.. . It's not about who gets lucky or wins the most money.. It's about who avoids alcohol poisoning the longest. . . "I still cant believe you killed that prostitute in Vegas. What a party."
I like the airport is easy to navigate but it needs cleaned and upgraded.  A city that brings in so much tourist travel needs to invest in things for us tourists that are bringing that money and the airport is one big project that needs addressed.
Free wifi! Lots of food choices but perhaps even more slot machines! The airport totally  look like its still stuck in the 80s. The decor is outdated and has a slight uncomforting smell. My biggest complaint is the long shuttle ride to the rental car location. It took about 10 minutes which just make sure you plan ahead when you are catching a flight after dropping off your rental. Baggage carousel is confusing, they don't have an arrival screen that tells you which carousel your flight's luggage is coming out of. So you walk around looking at every station to see your flight number. Otherwise, everything else is nicely labeled, lots of moving walkways to move people along.
This is totes a Vegas airport. An old skool Vegas airport. Slot machines, vendors selling hoochie mama clothes and blingy accessories to match, dingy carpet ... Think "The Palm" before their major facelift. . . Unlike most airports with charging stations and desk areas, there are hardly any electrical outlets in sight. And my guess is because why waste a perfectly good electrical outlet on charging phones and laptops when you can attach a slot machine to it?!
This airport is pretty nice because they have a lot of food options, but they are typical outrageous airport prices. My late night flights to Oakland are almost always delayed too.
This place is all right. Check in was a breeze (maybe because I came at 4am!). Yes it's old and outdated, but there's free wi-fi, so that's a plus for me. :)
I like this airport.  I don't like how long it takes to get your bags when you arrive & the security lines... but other than that it's a nice airport.
It's definitely faster getting through security here than at DIA (my home airport) but it's an airport. How great can it be?
It was my first time in Vegas. The airport itself isn't as large as what I had expected it to be. Easy to walk and navigate through. Watching people still playing on the slot machines before boarding their flight was a hoot.
This airport was pretty empty when we got here on Saturday morning, kind of creepy but kind of cool so we wouldn't have to deal with crazy crowds. I found it interesting that they had slot machines by the baggage claim. I didn't see much of the stores around the terminal because I was ready to get picked up and get my drink on. But going outside to find the pick up spot was very confusing. Why so confusing! Ugh. Both my ride and us were confused on where we should get picked up. We eventually got picked up at T3, in a parking structure, 3 levels up... so weird. Anyways once we got picked up we went on our way to have some fun in the city of sin...
I love Vegas, but every time I land at McCarran I feel as though I'm suddenly taken back about 20 years. Nowadays it looks like it's mostly Southwest flights coming into this airport, but every time I have landed here I seem to have to walk miles and miles to the other side of the airport, where I'm supposed to be. The food choices here are average. They've done some renovation to try to make the airport better but there really is not anything memorable about this place at all other than the slot machines that (seriously!) take your money.. . It's about a $20-25 taxi ride to get to the strip, so if you're on a tight schedule beware, as traffic may fluctuated depending on what time you're getting in.. . I guess if you're intoxicated this might be an okay airport but if I had to be here for longer than an hour for a layover, I think I would cry myself to gamble at the slot machines scattered throughout the airport.
The airport is okay, security is tight - no nonsense and much more rigid than some other airports I've been in.  The flight in is always full of excited people - the flight out always seems pretty subdued, I wonder why?. . Easy peasy - take the tram to your terminal and you're on your way.  Gates are easy to find.
The parking lot / drive-paths here are a nightmare. I must have made 3 passes before finally figuring out which path led me to Pax Pickup. Trying to get to the pickup area for a passenger is its own challenge as well.. Good Luck.
The Las Vegas airport is very, well, Las Vegas-like.  There are slot machines right when you walk off the plane!  It's everything you'd expect the LV airport to be. . . When I arrived, I was meeting a friend on another flight.  I flew Southwest and her Delta.  We were unable to meet up anywhere but the baggage claim area, as apparently these two concourses are separate.  None the less, we found each other then stood in a taxi line for about 45minutes. My friend who arrived a few hours later also sat in the 45 minute line, and my friend who arrived even later later - Still quite a line.  They should really do something about the taxi line.  Another area for a line would seem appropriate.  There were, however, hundreds of taxis and the line went "fast'" it was just so dang long. . . I was quite hungover (drunk?) when I departed from here, and basically fell asleep waiting for my plane, so I am not sure what all it has to offer for shopping and eats.
