Alright-- I'm a beer lover and generally a foodie. The food here is EXCELLENT, the beer is VERY good, and I've had both good service and slow service. Generally, though, the service is good.. . However, too many frat boys doing car bombs. Not my scene. I want to enjoy a good craft brew with some great food. If you're like me, you'll avoid the weekends. . . My NUMBER ONE complaint about this place is that I brought in a growler and wanted to purchase their beer. They refused me because it wasn't 4 Peaks branded.  I have 4 peaks growlers at home, but it was dirty, so we didn't grab it. When I asked 3 other local breweries what they would do in a similar situation, I was told they would replace the growler or simply fill it. . I can understand not wanting to fill a blank growler but refuse me your product? Ah, no thanks. . . I made a trip to Tempe (which was out of my way), specifically to fill a growler of beer.  We went home with SunUp beer that night instead.
Compared to average micro-breweries on the West Coast, Four Peaks is slightly below average. It probably wouldn't survive that long if they had to compete against their breweries. Having said that, they are probably the second best in Arizona (Oak Creek in Sedona is way better if beer is the only criterion). Their beers are consistently OK but sometimes their porters and stouts are a little skunky. Seasonal beers are good but I have never had a great one.. . I like the building it's in but it sure is noisy when everyone is talking. They don't have live entertainment which may be a good thing since they don't need more noise. Unless you are there with friends it's kind of a boring place just to hang out, although there are plenty of cute college girls to look at. . . Burgers are excellent. Service is OK but I usually go when it's not that busy.
Meh. The beer's good. Food ok. I'll go here, but never my 1st choice. Or 5th...
I came here on a Sunday night for dinner/drinks with a gf. I'm from Seattle so everything was new to me. . . This location was a bit obscure as most of the parking as out back. My gf (who lives in AZ) told me she'd never go back there as she didn't feel safe in the parking lot and the back alley way. I guess I can see that if you're a local and you're familiar with the area. . . The place was absolutely packed and we were told it'd be a 20 min wait. It was actually more like 10 mins and we were seated near a TV. . . I had thought a sports bar would be good to chill and hang out. I didn't realize we'd be surrounded by college boys/men and have to shout to talk over all the loud yelling & TV. . . The food came quickly & our food wasn't bad. I had the chicken noodle soup (which didn't have much chicken 'or' noodle). . . It had a 'Hooters' type feel to it as all the waitresses were in a uniform and most were 'booty shorts'. Part of you feels bad for them.. part of you knows that they know what's going on. . . Not a bad place but definitely gets packed despite how large the place is. We were seated indoors but outdoors seemed very laidback as well.
I went here today for lunch with some friends to celebrate the end of our first year of grad school (yay!). The place has a nice atmosphere, and it was nice sitting outside, especially on such a nice day like today was. This place was really busy when we got there today at around 11:45. One of my friends got a burger and said it was pretty good, another got a salmon sandwich which she likes a lot, another got the grilled chicken beer bread sandwich, but she didn't care for it. I tried hers and I thought it was good, although a bit bland. I ordered a special, the BBQ chicken beer bread sandwich with a side salad. The sandwich was good, it had chipotle bbq sauce, chicken, cheddar, and fried onion strings. The onion strings really made the sandwich (well, more like a wrap...but whatever). I got the balsamic dressing, and it was really good. It was probably the best thing we got. At the end we all split the stout tiramisu. This was pretty good, but I like the classic better. It is tiramisu made with chocolate mascarpone and with stout beer. I couldn't taste the stout much after the first couple bites, the chocolate took over. I would definitely come back, as it was decent, and they have beer and whatnot, but it wasn't the best place ever, just alright.
I had just the beers here, which were fine, but I was distracted most of the time because they seated us at a table right next to the restroom. It's hard to enjoy yourself when you are fearing the ever looming stench of being near the restroom, however I never really smelled anything horrid.. . We ordered a plate of fries and they were actually very good.
I could live off of their Spinach and Artichoke dip! A friend of mine once ordered the spinach and artichoke dip as her appetizer, then ordered it again as her meal! It's a must when you go here :) . . It is the food that brings me back here. I'm not crazy about the atmosphere, its always beyond packed with people and the wait is usually 45+ minutes. There's not much room to wait anywhere either. The staff is kinda. blah. They seem to just do the minimum to serve you and move on. But they are speedy with getting the food and drinks out, despite how busy it is, so it's all good :). . They have a great beer selection of course :) If I do get a beer I always like their Peach beer. Yum! . . Definitely a fun place to go with a group of friends :)
Four Peaks is a must-stop place in the valley. Their beer is great and it doesn't get any better than when you get it at the source!. . Their kitchen, however, has gone downhill in the last year or two. Their food used to be simply amazing, which when combined with their best-in-breed beers, made for a great night out! They remodeled their kitchen a little while back and their food seems to have lost some of its flair. It's still good, mind you, but it's not what it used to be. . . That said, I still recommend this place to anyone, and still bring my out-of-town friends here all the time, but I don't enjoy it nearly as much as I did before.
Beer here is great, no surprise. Food is OK to So-So. Parking sucks!. . I had the daily "special" - rib-eye sandwich. 5/10 rating. It was too fatty/gristle. I know rib-eye is not a lean cut but I should not need to spit out chunks of gristle and fat. . . Flavor was fine, maybe a bit too much smoke flavor, but the portion size ,for the price, as too small.. . Next time I'll stick to the burger.
Not to mention about the beer. It is great. . Food? no more than your expectations. just average.. but the thing is the place was too noisy and crowded. . . Despite all the flaws, if you hit the Tempe, why not?!
The three stars are all for the beer.  I have had my share of four peaks beer and have always liked it, so had high expectations last night when I visited the actual Four Peaks Brewery for the first time.  My first stop was the seasonal beer, the Pumpkin Porter.  It was the perfect beer to kick off the fall season with.. Trouble came a little further down the line when I got my burger, which I ordered medium, and it was completely well done.  I got fries with it, which were average.  . I don't like to hate on servers because I am in the food industry, but our server seemed like she was having a really shitty night or something, which happens to everybody, I know, but part of your job as a server is to pretend you don't hate being a server.  . To sum it all up, I'd go back to Four Peaks for beer.  And maybe a plate of nachos or something, but I found the food to be overwhelmingly average.  Maybe my expecations were too high.  I'll probably just take a growler to go.
Ahhhhhhh Four Peaks...One of the hot spots in Tempe.. . For me, Four Peaks is good, not great. I've had some good food there, I've had some mediocre food there. Their fries are great...It's bar food, really. There's nothing that sets Four Peaks apart from a culinary standpoint, but most people seem to fall head over heels for the beer.. . Here's my thing: I'm from Portland, Oregon. For anyone that doesn't know, it's an incredible place for microbreweries and amazing beer. In the state of Oregon there are dozens of independent breweries and hundreds of incredible local beer choices.... . (I realize at this point you're all thinking - "Hey, asshole. Stop talking about Portland. This is a review about Four Peaks" - I'm getting to my point, I promise). . Upon my arrival in the Phoenix area, I kept hearing about how great the beer was at Four Peaks. Living close by, I checked out Four Peaks early on, and have been back a number of times since. I've tried a lot of their beers, and they just don't do it for me. I like the Kilt Lifter, and that's the end...The rest of their beers I am just not into. Specifically the Hef...It's the worst Hef I've ever had in my life. Forgive me, I'm a beer snob who likes what he likes, and most of the beers at Four Peaks are not my thing. With that said, everyone else seems to be in love with them, so maybe I'm the crazy one.. . The other thing that sucks about Four Peaks is the wait. During peak times, you're waiting anywhere from 30-60 minutes for a table.. . Positives is the size of the restaurant (it's huge), and the ambiance. It's a cool place to hang out and watch a game, and it's a good place to grab a quick bite when the wait isn't too long. I'm sure I'll come back to Four Peaks, but it won't be for the beer.
Disappointed:( Could of been better, because when food was brought out, the presentation was very nice..... The nachos seriously needed to be season and the same for the calamari!! The calamari was very meaty and they serve you a lot, but no seasoning, not even a dab of salt!! The beer according to my mom was *fabulous* Too bad, because the price is reasonable
So it's super cool to go here.. and yes I must admit the people are nice the place is big its fun and delicious... the only bad thing to say is that for breakfast me and my husband wend driving around looking for a good place for breakfast, we finally decided to stop into four peaks for breakfast... he gets ID'ed on his way in and by no means does my husband whose 33 look young... anyway his drivers licenes was barely passed expiration and the guy at the door wouldn't let us in.. I mean he saw that he was over the age of 21 by a long shot. Very rude.
Serves Kilt Lifter, Hefeweizen - yum. Large outdoor patio is perfect for larger parties, nice laidback vibe. Had an excellent server. Extensive pub fare - nachos are tasty, half portion is sizable (enough to split). Limited lot parking, largely street parking.
First stop after the Tillman run the other weekend.  Beer was good (Hop Knot was awesome!) and the food was pretty good too though we were very unimpressed by the "hummus".  Service was kind of lacking and it may have just been because of the post race crowd, which was pretty thick.  Will go back if I ever find myself in Tempe again.
Great place to come and enjoy food, watch some games (tv's aren't that big but there are a lot of them), and hang out with friends.. . I sat at the bar where i waited for one of my friends to arrive. Like always the bartenders are nice, trying to work for their tips (can't blame them).  I was promptly asked if i needed a drink and a menu. Of course i accepted. She came back quickly to ask if i was ready to order. I explained that my friend was coming and i was going to wait to order food.. . No complaints so far, great service.. . My friend comes he gets his drink order promptly and looks at the menu, i finish my first drink and they come by and get me another. Woah standard bar treatment. who would have thought.. . Okay anyways thats pretty much the last we heard of the bartenders unless we flagged them down (and i hate doing that cause i feel like a jerk). Anyways we flagged them down for our food order, more drinks, water, and the bill.. . They would have gotten a solid 4 stars. The service fell short in the end on my experience was a 3 star. . . The food was great i got the chicken sandwich... it was HUGE, i recommend it. Beer batter fries were maybe some of the best i have tasted. For real i will come back and i hope to upgrade them to a four star...unless the service is the same then it will be 3.
I liked the food here, and the service has always been good.  I've been here for lunch with coworkers or to watch a game with friends.  No difference in quality at any time.
Alright, let me start this off by saying that I had a hard time deciding if I wanted to rate this place 3 or 4 stars.  My initial reaction was a 4, but there are a few things that really bug me here, so I really would say it's more of a 3.5. . The first negative is parking.  The lot behind the restaurant is ALWAYS full, and good luck finding a close spot on the street.  There's an apartment complex across the street that people try to park in, but you're really taking your chances; I've seen cars towed from the lot.  Next, this place is always so busy.  Recently if I drive by and see it's totally crammed, I just keep on driving.  It's not worth the hassle. . . Food here is hit or miss for me.  There are certain menu items (appetizers, burgers, daily specials) that are great, and there are others (fish & chips and the pizza) that are just not good in my opinion.  My best advise is find a few dishes you do like, and stick with those:)  The beers here are good, but not phenomenal; it would be nice to see 4 Peaks expand as a brewery with new beers.  The Pumpkin porter here is just so damn good though.  Honestly!  People wait year round, anticipating this beer.. . The patio here is superb; a great place to spend time people watching and enjoying the weather.  I tend to shy away from here during the summer since the building is open and only has a swamp cooler.  You're either melting on the patio or full of sweat inside.  Gross.. . All complaints aside, I love this place.  The atmosphere here is laid back and friendly.  Service is always great and food comes out very speedy.  I definitely recommend coming here with friends
Went for lunch on a Sunday.  It was very busy, with a lot of the frat-house college crowd here for the game. We had a large party, and the person organizing our get-together tried to call an hour before we arrived to put our name on the list, but no one answered the phone after repeated attempts.  So, when we got here we waited for a bit outside while some tables cleared out.  When we finally got a table, they gave us a table that couldn't seat all of us, for they wrote down the wrong number of people for our party.  . . After some more shuffling and rearranging of chairs and tables, we finally got seated.  I tried a sample of the pumpkin porter, and had the portabella-veggie beer bread.  The pumpkin porter was decent, and had a nice pumpkin-spice taste to it.  I wasn't a big fan of the veggie beer bread.  I was expecting more of a loaf-type bread instead of the flatbread that actually came out.  As a result, the dish was more of a wrap than a sandwich.  The interior of the wrap was filled with lots of fresh veggies, but I was hoping to find more portabella mushroom in it.  In addition, the veggies themselves were bland, and so overwhelmingly garlicky that I felt like I could ward vampires away for a mile with my breath.  . . Despite having a large party, service, once we were seated, was good.  The waitress had no problem splitting our checks, and she refilled our drinks promptly as needed.. . Another thing to note is that there isn't any A/C in the building, just overhead fans, so if you come on a hot day you might be sweating a bit!
I'm not a beer drinker so, for me, this place was just ok. Good food, nice atmosphere, nothing to write home about.
I love the place and the set up.  I also like the beers.  The only reason I give this 3 star rating is because the food isn't that great. The first time I ate here was the best but then after that the quality just went down after that. I did try a couple of the entrees but never was satisfied with the meals.
Food is always great, service is good and the atmosphere is fun and exciting. My BF loves their beer so that's always a must when we go. . . The only thing we seriously dislike about Four Peaks is parking. Parking is absolutely atrocious! Its so bad in fact it becomes a reason not to bother going. In the past we've actually spent 20 or more minutes trying to find parking. And this is the reason for my star rating, I'd give it more of a 3.5 if I could. I wish I could give them 4 stars but I just can't, the parking is just that bad, unfortunately.
Nice place at best. Food ok but not to rave about. . . I mean you will have a good time but it is not going to be that special place you have been looking for. Good but not memorable.
Whisky selection is limited. But food is good. Crusted calamari is a delicious appetizer
Its been quite a while since I have been back here.  We were kind of on a strike from going to four peaks but I really wanted to try the arizona chicken rolls which tasted like chicken salad (not grilled like it says its supposed to be) rolled in a puff pastry and the sweet jalapeno sauce is the reason i wanted to try it so bad because i love that stuff on the southwestern burger.  I have never hated anything before at four peaks and last night my boyfriend actually said it. "I Hate this, i do not like this at all; it tastes  like chicken from a can" Thats what it tasted like. I was expecting some grilled chicken and in chunks not a salad mayoish filling. Severely dissapointed twice now. It seems like service and food are starting to diminish before our eyes.. . SO SAD :(
I don't see what the fuss is all about. The food isn't worth going here for, and every other bar in town serves the same beer.
Food was decent and beer was good.  Atmosphere was fun.  The popper burger was a bit too much.  The beer garlic cheese bread appetizer was excellent.  Chicken wrap and French dip were ok.  Pasta salad had too much dressing.  Fried were good.  The sampler beer flight was fun.
So many great memories here.. but 3 stars only. It's too cramped for my taste. The food is just edible and the parking is horrible.. . However, the beers are pretty good. They are worth the bad hangover you will have next day and the mile walk from parking spot.
Didn't have any food here as I had already ate.  Tried all 3 of their IPA'son tap, and they were all just ok.  Friendly service, but I came looking for tasty brews.. . On the plus side, if you're a mule junky like me, they have Gosling's ginger beer here.  If I had it to do over again, would've skipped the beer and muled it up.
The restaurant itself is alright, but the parking is ATROCIOUS! Besides the on street parking, there's a pretty ghetto dirt strip in the back where cars are not even guaranteed to find parking. You're surrounded by restricted lots, it hasn't been uncommon for me to park all the way at University. When you're drinking with friends late at night, a 10 minute walk to your car is probably the last thing you want to deal with.. . Back to the food!. . Spinach artichoke dip: With both pita and chips it was really good.. Kilt Lifter (beer): it's really hard to go wrong with Kilt Lifter. It'll be average at worst, great at best.. Italian Beef Beer Bread: Fries were those fantastic crispy zesty kind. The beer bread wasn't so much a bread as much as it was a wrap. The Italian beef filling was good, solid for restaurant food.. . The price wasn't bad and the checks are split easily. Normally I'd give a 3.5 star restaurant 4 stars, but the parking is that annoying.. . Also they card at the entrance after 3. Keep that in mind, kids...
I am torn about this place.. . While the beer is great and the food is fabulous, there is always a wait and it is always packed! Not to mention parking is HORRIBLE. I can only come here once every so often because it's almost a pain in the ass to eat here. . . The last time I visited Four Peaks, we were sat right next to a HUGE fan blowing cold air. While it felt nice against the summer heat, my food was cold before I had a chance to finish it all. . . Opt for takeout if you don't like waiting or crowds...
I know this is a brewery but no air conditioning in the summer in Arizona? The bear was good the service was okay and the atmosphere was hot as hell and I would never go back there in the summer.
I hope I don't lose any friends over this review, I know everybody LOVES it!  And I don't mind it.  It is A-OK.. . Full disclosure: I'm not a fan of beer.  That fact will not affect my opinion of the establishment!  . . The food really is good.  I've never been disappointed, and there are items on the menu I haven't had a chance to try that I think I'll enjoy.. . Service has been so-so.  Regardless of the level of busy-ness, I've seen a mixed bag of friendly, polite, personable servers, and stressed out, slow moving servers.  Bathroom cleanliness is iffy, if you consider that sort of thing. . . My beer-loving friends and boyfriend love Four Peaks for the local beer, and new seasonal options that always live up to the micro-brew reputation.  It is cool how knowledgeable all the staff are as to their beers and pairings, and several of them have even tried to recommend something new to me, hoping to convert me to beer-ism.  . . I don't think I've ever been here when it wasn't crowded.  I'd say that speaks equally to the quality of the beer and food, and to the susceptibleness of ASU students who "have to go" to Four Peaks.  Although, if I lived at ASU or close by and could ride a bike or something, that would improve my opinion slightly as I could avoid fighting the good parking fight.  A little walking never killed anyone, but the parking situation here is a little out of control.  . . Walk or carpool, try a new beer, pair it with an appetizer, and enjoy yourself.  I'll pop in once in a while :)
I was recommended this place by a friend who went to ASU. We weren't super hungry so we decided to share a Southwest Burger. The burger was decent, nothing to write home about but it wasn't disappointing either. My BF got really weirded out by the texture of the chili but that's him. . . The highlight of the night was the sampler. My BF really enjoyed making his way through the sampler and getting a chance to try all the different beers the brewery offered. I couldn't try it but I enjoyed how happy it made him. . . The environment was pretty fun. No AC in the building though which kinda sucked in the hot weather. Not sure if I would come here again, it's just your average brewery.
If you're going to Four Peaks for beer, I'd say 4-5 stars, but if you're going for dinner as I was, I can't rate it higher than a 3.  The beer is quite good.  I've tried most of their beers, and I think Raj IPA is my favorite.  The seasonal was the Pumpkin Porter and it fell a bit flat.  The flavor was too mellow and overall the beer seemed too light, almost watered down.. . The real reason for 3 stars was the food.  Although we had some nice appetizers (pretzels with spicy cheese sauce were great, as was the Thai hummus and pita bread), but the pizzas we ordered were terrible. We ordered the margarita and the Italian.  The margarita had too much garlic powder, and the Italian tomato sauce was much too sweet and overpowered the toppings.. . Service can be slow when they are busy, but our waitress was friendly and pretty attentive.  The dining area is enormous, and they also have some limited outdoor seating. But this is a college town dinner spot for sure, no pretensions of a high class brew-pub here.. . I'll probably be back for the beer, but I hope I can find something on the menu better than those pizzas, which were truly awful!
If I was rating based solely off of food I would have given this place five stars. Everything my family ordered was delicious and the appetizers were to die for. However, the service was so terrible I find myself not going back because of the experience with them. The waitress was probably the most rude I have ever had before, she was rude and completely angry when we decided not to order and beer right away. She practically threw the food onto the table and gave us attitude whenever we ask for more water or napkins. She was horrible! I can say the same for the guy who went around refilling water. They have kept me from going back despite the amazing food. The hostess and security guy were nice though and the patio is lovely.
