I ended up trying this place twice.. . My curiosity struck me because I've been a Cheesecake Factory employee for quite some time now and haven't got to try the sister restaurant yet.. . First night: Mandarin Cosmopolitan and Spicy Calamari Salad.. . The salad sounded like a good option because it just tied together some interesting flavors. The vinaigrette seemed to be missing, but the spicy sauce had a kick. Mandarin Cosmo was made with an excess of sweet and sour. I have a feeling they missed the Mandarin part. If you pay $12 for a martini, it should be semi-decent. Because for $2 more in Vegas, you can pay a bartender who knows to make your drink.... . Service was not bad - our waiter had a lot of pep to his step. Red bull gives you wings, definitely.. . Second night: Buffalo Chicken Rolls. . For those familiar to Cheesecake, this is the Buffalo Blast's step-sister. Nothing great to note about the dish. Service was lackluster.. . Overall, okay - but nothing too impressive to note.
Higher-end cheesecake factory. Portions are huge and you can't really go wrong with this chain.. . Stopped by with the pumas for a quick bite before continuing some epic partying. As we were being seated in one of the big booths, all I could think was "dang, that group behind us is HUGE (both in numbers and size)... how come that one guy looks so familiar?" We were all pretty pooped from the night before, so I wasn't completely on point. I kept wondering why this one dude looked so familiar (I don't have many --ie: any-- black friends who are uber muscular and good looking). AND THEN IT HIT ME. It was AP! In the flesh!. . Sadly, all my excited whispering to my friends ("OMG ITS AP!!!") yielded only blank stares ("AP? Who's that? A rapper?"). I was less than 10 ft away from Mr. Butterfingers himself, Adrian Peterson, and none of my friends understood my excitement. :(  . . I'm still upset I didn't get a photo with one of the best RBs in the NFL (and complete my collection of pics w/ Viking RBs). Sadness. Guess I know where I'll have to hang out for my athelete/celeb sightings hahah
It's really just like Cheesacake factory, but I don't think it's an upscale version of it... just more expensive. My waitress was nice & attentive. I think you get better value at the Cheesacake factory.
Nothing says we really just want you to eat at the buffet like beverage prices that approach 50% of the cost of the buffet.  After ordering orange juice and coffee, I could not, in good conscience, have ordered anything off the menu.  You see, the beverages become "free" when you select the buffet.  I was close to $9 in before I ever considered solid food, so fine, the buffet it is.. . Wait.  Aren't I in Vegas?  Shouldn't there be an entire room of food piled high with a veritable treasure trove of crab legs or shrimp in some far, hidden corner of the place that I only discover after I've clicked my heels three times and am too full for the succulent crustaceans?  This buffet is neither Grand, nor Lux.  It barely registers a mention on the Strip.  There is lots of fresh fruit, so fine, honorable mention for importing melons and pineapple.  Otherwise, it's standard liquid egg fare.  Go here if you're too lazy to leave The Venetian, but there are better buffet options, well, anywhere else.  . . The buffet is 2-star at best.  The friendly, prompt beverage service and strong coffee bump it up to 3 stars.
I would rate this place 3.5 stars but a 3 because of my dish. . . My bf and I decided to try this place because it was across the street from our hotel which was the Mirage.. . The restaurant entrance is at the Venetian casino in the back. We walked in and waited 5 minutes because no one was in the front and then we got seated. The waiter took a while to come and get or order and took a while  to just get water. . . My bf got a lunch special which is the miso salmon, white rice and mushroom and vegetable side. It was really good!. . I got clam linguini. It looked good but it didn't taste good. It was bland and oily. I had to ask our waiter who took forever... (the staff like disappeared when i was looking for them.... no one was around) for some parmesan and red pepper flakes... i had to literally flavor the linguini with the parmesan which has a salty flavor and red pepper flakes to give it some flavor.. . So, this place interiorly looks nice but their food and service needs improvement and the price is moderate. But, I am willing to try another dish (in LA) because this place is related to Cheesecake Factory and I think their food is good but I just had a bad dish.
We came in here after wandering around the Wax Museum and the Venetian for several hours so we ready for dinner and I wasn't in the mood for anything really special.  Luckily there was no wait so we got in right away.  I ordered a sun dried tomato pasta and my friend got the Madeira Chicken .  My pasta was bland and was nothing special at all...but my friend's chicken was really good and luckily it was huge so he shared it with me.  . . The service was O.K., again nothing special.  It's a nicely designed restaurant and you do get HUGE portions for the price.  I would probably split a meal here next time since taking food to go if you are staying in a hotel is not really option...and who wants to cart around a box of leftovers while gambling?  I liked the one in the Beverly Center more than this one.  I'd be back again if I was looking for some good food at a decent price.
Loving the hours, the service, and the location (since I stayed in the Venetian).  The food, however, was just so bland.. . I was craving cheese fries, so even though it wasn't on their menu, I had it made for me.  It was okay.  The cheese was melted over the fries, but was kind of burned.  . . My friends ordered the Vietnamese spring rolls (I was actually impressed by the sauce), the Chicken and Waffles (totally disappointed - my friend said it tasted like eating air because there was just no flavor), and the wings (somewhat tasty, but not all that great).  . . I'd go back again just due to pure convenience, but wouldn't recommend it to anyone.
As pissed off I am about paying $14 for a sandwich, I have to give credit for Grand Lux in the "24 hour on the strip eatery" category. Surrounded by other sad options, this one is slightly less sad. . . If it's anytime late night and you are near it, this is a great option. It's not something to go out of your way for (unless in your late night drunken debauchery you enjoy adventure) but a solid A-OK to possibly great option depending on your BAC.. . I was sober during my visit so the bread and butter in the beginning were just bread and butter,served warm but otherwise filler. Our buffalo chicken eggroll was pretty good, so appetizers are promising. . . My entree was the short rib grilled cheese: bland cheese, too many onions (and I love onions!), oily greasy short ribs (and trust me, I love short ribs too!) and at least a quarter of my sandwich was missing filling altogether. Boo, disappointment. . . There is great people watching, I got to watch a lady clap in excitement as the server announced "Chicken Nachos!". I guess that's what I should have ordered...
Owned by Cheesecake factory so much like their sister restaurant you habe mediocre food with higher than average prices. Mind you, not expensive but not particularly exciting. . . I had the fettucini alfredo with chicken which was pretty average. . . Their french toast had large portions (6 slices) and was tasty.
Stayed at the Venetian for my vegas trip so it was convenient to pop down here for breakfast with a suite buddy.. . We were not aware the we'd be charged like $5 bucks each for wine glass full of grapefruit juice and orange juice. I'll wave that off since we know prices get hefty in Vegas. . . I got the  Best Eggs Benedict with Ham & Hollandaise. The egg was cooked perfectly and the sourdough on the bottom was toasted well too but I guess i just didn't like the Hollandaise sauce. It was a bit too rich for me. Scraping it all to the side, the dish wasmade a bit more edible. Perhaps the style of egg preparation is just not for me. . . We also got the Red Velvet Pancakes. Those were better tasting when smothered with the cream cheese frosting otherwise they were a bit dry. I probably shouldn't have mixed the sweet and savory together as stomach felt queasy afterwards. . . I probably wouldn't come here again for breakfast but perhaps give it another shot for lunch or dinner.  . . I give it 3 stars still for I like the decor of the cafe and the service was nice still :).
Ordered the filet mignon cooked medium. It came totally rare, but they put it back on the grill and it was better after that. Friendly staff, reasonable prices, large portions.
Last stop before we leave vegas back to Orange County.  We went to Venentian to get these macaroons and were so undecided on what to eat for lunch.  We just walked by and my friend chose it randomly.  The mojitos are great (Calypso is good and the pineapple one).  I was told to get the cripsy caramel chicken which is like orange chicken, and it was ok but the portions are HUGE. They didn't tell us how big the portions are. The lemon chicken picatta is really good, and that literally feeds 3 people NO JOKE.  If you can finish it all you are a champ. Foods decent, and huge portions, and decent prices for vegas.  I wish i got another dish but the food I tried off my friends plates were good!
Decent price, decent food--excellent service.
Convenient location and pretty big portions--who can go wrong w/ that?. . Wasn't feeling the $3.00 tea but hey, I was in Vegas and I shouldn't expect anything cheaper lol..... . I had the Mai Tai for lunch--was delicious!. Ahmm, I ate here 2x for breakfast and I enjoyed both meals....VERY filling and the staff is very friendly!
Damn good breakfast. Good service and fair prices. I've eaten here a few times on my way to work a show & the food is good, servings are large and service is pretty good.
So, I'd love to give this place 4 stars. It almost should get it, but it doesn't. The primary reason for that is that my burger was overcooked. I asked for it on the rarer side of medium rare and it came out medium well. The fries were pretty good, but nothing special. . . The burger was HUGE though, so much so that I really couldn't figure out a good way to eat it with company around.. . I would not recommend that you order the burger if you are on a business meeting!
We enjoyed a large group (30+) dinner at Grand Lux after our meetings at a conference. Grand Lux was happy to help us out with a reservation on a Tuesday night. . . Despite our huge group, service was punctual but no effort was made to be friendly. Water glass was full and food arrived in a timely manner.. . The best part about Grand Lux is that there is something on the menu for everyone. From pasta, to steak, to fried chicken and waffles; yes, your picky eater will find something. . . Our table ordered several appetizers, and the crowd favorite was the asian tacos. A must-try if you're looking for just a tad bit of an adventure!. . And although my company was footing the bill, I was still peeved that many of the drinks (beers on tap, mixed drinks) did not have a price associated with them on the menu. . . I ordered a plain old (or so I thought!) caesar salad for dinner. It was under the "small salad" listing, but it was definitely large enough to share between two people and certainly big enough for an entree for one. I only ate half of mine. . . Overall, this was a great choice for a large group because of the diversity of the menu. With all the other great places in Vegas it wouldn't be my personal first choice, but certainly it's a crowd pleaser!
After walking around for what seemed like eternity, we decided to stop at Grand Lux Cafe for lunch. Right away, the cafe reminded me of The Cheesecake Factory. After doing a little research, I found out that Grand Lux Cafe was actually owned by the same owner as The Cheesecake Factory. Figures, because their decor is pretty identical.. . Anyway, their vast menu really gave me a headache. There was just too much to choose from. Shrimp scampi?! Barbecued pork sandwich?! Pasta with grilled chicken, tomato, basil, and mozzarella?! Enchilada?! They even had pho! It took me awhile to decide on the Madeira chicken, which was really good. It came with sauteed chicken breast with asparagus and mozzarella, topped with a mushroom-Madeira sauce. It was also served with a side of mashed potatoes. The chicken breast was surprisingly tender and the mashed potatoes were nice and creamy. It was pretty decent granted that it's a chain restaurant. I don't recommend that you get their pho though, my friend ordered it and it looked pretty gross. The bean sprouts and basil that was supposed to complement the pho were all wilted and browned. Pho would have been the last thing she would have ordered at an American restaurant, but she wanted some soup and there was nothing else soupy on the menu. . . Our waitress was polite, but she didn't come by our table often. It was completely understandable, as she had a lot of tables to tend to.
Like Cheesecake factory, except not, and in a casino.
I was immediately sold on eating at the Grand Lux Cafe in the Venetian when Julius said one thing:  "They are owned by the same people that own the Cheesecake Factory."  It was ON like Donkey Kong.. . We scored a great seat on the outside patio - perfect for people watching.  It was breakfast time, so we ordered Bloody Marys, which we loved it because it was kick in your pants spicy!  I was looking for something savory AND sweet on the menu like a Denny's Grand Slam, but surprisingly, Grand Lux didn't offer anything like that.  So I ended up just getting the red velvet pancakes with cream cheese frosting and added a side of eggs.  These pancakes were basically red velvet cupcakes, but flattened lol.  Julius had the chicken and waffles, which he thought were good, but preferred the soul food variety (ie regular instead of Belgian waffles, and chicken wings & drumsticks instead of just strips.). . Our food did arrive much later than everyone else's around us, and the manager was nice enough to come by to apologize.  He should've comped one of Julius' beers though, dammit!  So Grand Lux Cafe is pretty laid back and traditional (it's like the Cheesecake Factory's granny!)  If we could give it 3.5 stars, we would!
We came here after a failed breakfast attempt at Bouchon (who serves lunch at 10:30 anyway?). Yeah, it's a glorified version of the Cheesecake Factory. . . The hostesses seemed bothered that they had to actually earn a living by seating the likes of us; I actually think that they rolled their eyes when we approached. Conversation seemed forced, perhaps some requirement of Grand Lux (So, where are you guys from?), rather than genuine curiousity. . . I can't believe the waiter actually suggested the breakfast buffet. $15.95 will get you eggs, bacon, sausage, fruit and yogurt *yawn*. After previewing the buffet, I told the waiter that I preferred something 'not so basic'. I asked his opinion on the chiliquiles and the huevos rancheros. He said that the chiliquiles were good, but an Americanized version. . . I ordered the huevos rancheros. Freaking delicious, I tell you. The sauce was spicy and the black beans, onions and bell peppers were a fabulous addition. . . The waiter was helpful at first, but disappeared before our meals arrived. What the heck? . . Damn you, Bouchon, for stopping breakfast service at 10:30!
Ever eaten at Cheesecake Factory? Then you've eaten here. Only difference is you will pay more.
I came here around 3 or 4 am pretty tipsy/ drunk and i have to say that i was not completely impressed with this place. . i ordered a club sandwich w/ fries and the sandwich came out super crispy.. the bread was like rock hard =/ someone in my group got their noodles and said that it was a tad salty although i did not actually try them myself. . by the end of the night it didnt really matter whether the food was good or not because i yacked my guts out =(
This place is just like Cheesecake factory, except Cheesecake factory is way better. . I came here during lunch with my girlfriends. I ordered the Chinese Chicken Salad, A burger and some pasta. nothing stood out to me. I think this place sucks during their normal business hours but their late night menu is way better. I would only eat here from now on only if its during late night, preferably after a night of clubbing. My friend ordered the Portobello burger. it was so good and juicy. I cant remember too much of it because I was drunk. I'm sure it wasn't my drunk tastebuds but everyone else took a bite of it and thought it was pretty good. but then again all my friends were drunk when we had it. I don't know if that even counts. =/ . I had their Omelet too. actually it was a leftover but I had it when i was sober and it was pretty good. but yeah, as I mentioned earlier, I would only come here for  super late night since it is 24 hour. other than that, No.
Came here over a year ago for a friends B day and heard it was just like the cheesecake factory only fancier so I said y not give it a shot.  The food is what you would expect form cheesecake factory just with a different name on it.  . . It's like if you go to a subway in Downtown and then go to another Subway in Santa Monica...same taste, different location.  . . I would come back just because there is a shorter wait then a Cheesecake factory.
Crabs cakes were off the hook and the food was good. I wouldve gave it 4 stars but the floor was super duper greasy like it was coated in butter. Me and my friends kept on joking about it the whole time it was that bad,.. It felt like we were ice skating lol. Mop duty anyone?
A lower end version of the cheesecake factory.  The casino seems to use it as a substitute for their own cafe.  I have been many times and am always disappointed with the food options and prices.
So i heard this place is related to the Cheesecake Factory... it doesn't really seem like it.  . . The best thing about Grand Lux is that its open 24 hours!  Perfect for hungover late night snacks or recovering next day breakfasts.  . . When I went here, it seemed like it took a million years to get our food.  And when the food finally arrived, the bread on my club sandwich was so hard, it cut up the roof of my mouth.. . . Disappointed.  Oh well, I was drunk.. . French fries and being always open gets this review a few stars.
Honestly, I wasn't impressed... I'd give it more of a 2.5, but to be nice I'll give a 3 instead of a 2 because it was a nice atmosphere... I guess I just had a better expectation with seeing how nice the restaurant itself looks and how big the menu was. Our waitress was nice, but she took forrrrrever! We were there for almost 2 hours... I know part of it was because one of our party was late, but still... we could have gotten our appetizer while we waited.. . I hope they wipe their table really good! I hated how the silverwares were just sitting on the table, not wrapped up in a napkin and not on top of a napkin, and not covered, they were just setting directly ON the table... then the waitress just puts the menu right on top of our plate and silverware, I'm not really a health/germ freak, but how many people's dirty hands have been on those menus? and now those germs are all over my silverware and plate that I'm about to eat with! . . Food was OK... The bread was pretty good. My husband got a chicken caesar salad and the chicken has some fishy taste to it, and half of the lettuce was soggy. I didn't really like it. We had a Chicken Quesadilla and although it was good and tasty, it was really greasy. One thing I cant complain about was their desert... Creme Brule... it was pretty good! You definitely have to have a sweet teeth for this though.
Huge menu which makes for a challenging selection. The prices are decent and so are the drinks. The food is very basic. Don't be in a hurry when you stop by, this place is a little slow.
Amazing chicken and waffles.  The bloody mary was alright, nothing special.  But at night after the clubs in vegas, great way to sober up.
The food was okay nothing really special on the buffet menu. Fast and friendly service though is nice.
We got seated right away on a Sunday night. I was expecting the encyclopedic menu, a-la Cheesecake Factory but the menu was smaller. I ordered the sliders which were ok, little dry and too much cheese. The service was friendly but we did have to wait quite some time before the food came out. The good thing is that the portions are huge and you will be able to take home a little late night snack for later.
Stopped by here with my wife after seeing the Phantom of the Opera at the Venetian.  I have never been a fan of the Cheesecake Factory so I knew walking in that I would probably have a similar opinion of this place.  Huge menu, daunting really, I had a tough time making any kind of a decision but finally settled on the lasagna.  Maybe I didn't read the menu well enough, but it came out with chicken in it?  Wasn't bad but wasn't great either.  Service was OK, nothing to write home about.
The Grand Lux is much akin to the Cheesecake Factory.  I genuinely think they are related.  I usually have a moral objection to the Cheesecake Factory, but when you need to eat in Vegas, and you need to get exceptionally full for whatever reason, this is a good place to go.  My addiction here is the seafood salad. It is enough to feed 2 normal people, or possibly a small island nation.  It's like a louie on crack.  I do find myself craving it, mostly because it's not the most expensive thing you can get in Vegas, and you know that you'll never finish it.  A perfect expression of Vegas...excess, and what's more nuts than shellfish in the dessert?
Compared to the many amazing restaurants in Las Vegas, Grand Lux Cafe is nothing to rave about. The menu is almost exactly the same as what you can find at any Cheesecake Factory, only slightly more expensive and diverse. For the price, I'd recommend spending a little more and dining at a better restaurant. . . However, if you're DRUNK and just walking out of TAO nightclub, this is the place to grab a sobering meal while you wait for the taxi lines to shrink! They have a late-night menu that consists of dinner, as well as breakfast options. . . LATE NIGHT ONLY (1am-?):. . -- Open 24 hrs, I think. If not, they're only closed at the butt-crack of dawn ;). . -- Late night menu (dinner and breakfast). . -- Short wait. I usually dine in parties of 6 or more and we've never waited longer than 10-15 minutes.. . -- Drunk and don't want to wait in the long taxi line or gamble?! Sober up here!. . -- This is your last chance to get at some girls/guys. You're in Vegas, make it happen! LOL
I heard that its a fancy version of the Cheesecake Factory -- which it is. . Their bread is way better as are their dishes. . I came to eat here to get a good drinking base around 7pm, which the bread definitely  provided. . I ordered the chicken on the flat bread and it was awesome. Every bite was delicious, and the portion size was perfect. . The edemame we ordered was well above par. Actually, they were the best edemame i've ever eaten!. Why the 3 stars then?. We ordered a sushi dish and it wasterrible. It tasted fish (which usually means its not fresh) and it was completely dry! . We ended up sending the dish back, and the Grand Lux refunded our money for it. . The service was pretty crappy too. I'm not sure if it was just bec of the corner they stuck us in, or its the overall service here, but our waiter came to refilll our cups and check up on us every 20m - not ok in my book! . . Oh, and the fries that came with my dish were delicious!
Found it to be aesthetically pleasing. Too loud for an intimate diner for two on a Saturday night. Seating was quick, waiter poured beer in a glass so that half the glass was foam and over flowed onto the table. Didn't come back to clean up the overflow, but did come back to pour the rest over the top once more. I had a chicken and shrimp dish with ginger and curry, the sauce was great, chicken and shrimp satisfactory. My date had chicken and shrimp jambalaya, the chicken was dry and shrimp was rubbery and over cooked. Overall experience was mediocre, not great not horrible.
Expect big portions and huge calorie counts.  The chicken lettuce wrap was extremely salty and not very good.  The bread was yummy.  I got my order to go, it was quick and painless.  You can expect to feed two normal appetites with one order so it turns out to be a cheaper place to eat if you split the meal.  It's mass market food and that's a-ok if you go in expecting that.
Best chicken and waffles ever!?? Nope! Roscoe's in LA is soooo much better by far. I was pretty disappointed ): The salmon piccata with lemon sauce was good, but nothing out of this world. . . Overall, this place is good for groups. The menu has a lot of variety and the dishes are reasonably priced. But as far as quality and taste goes, I've definitely had better.
Ruby Tuesday's Food is more of the level I'd put this place on.  The Grand Lux Cafe does have a menu filled with a variety of items, but I didn't think any of them were super special.  The fried calamari was just okay.  The bread was just okay.  My chicken fettuccine alfredo was just okay.  . We had a party of six and customer service was good.   . We had some drinks at the bar.  The customer service at the bar was good.  This bar was one of the only places that carded us in Vegas.   I don't think there was enough flavor for the high price we were charged.
Exactly as described a bit more upscale than Cheesecake Factory same theme.. . I had the chicken and waffles - they were only OK...
Came here three in the morning. Food was okay, nothing spectacular. Not worth going out of the way for.
Grand Luxe's strategy seems to be to replace quality with portion sizes.  Everything here was mediocre.  Bread was dry and flavorless.  We shared a chicken pasta dish in a red sauce.  The pasta was surprisingly cooked to perfection.  Just to be overwhelmed by the sauce.  Oh, so close yet so far.  Shaking beef and caramel chicken combo was ok.  Chicken's taste was overwhelming and nothing special.  The beef was quite good but, in total contrast to everything else at this place, gave a tiny portion. My family loves this place so I will probably be back. Unfortunately.
If you love Cheesecake Factory, then you will love this joint.  Why?  Because they are owned by the same company and are essentially the same restaurant.. . After hearing rave reviews of this place, I knew it was worth trying.  After eating there would I head back?  Since there are so many other restaurants to chose from in The Venetian, probably not.. . Got there at 6:00pm on a Friday night and were sat immediately.  There were three of us.  They brought out bread and butter right away, but really lacked as it took more than 15 minutes to come back and ask for our drink orders.. . The menu selection is MASSIVE with all types of food.. . We ordered:. *Edamame: Soybeans in Their Pods Stir Fried with Spicy Szechuan Sauce. -I've never had Edamame this way before and it was probably my favorite thing of the night, besides the sourdough bread.. . *Asian Chicken Salad: Sliced Chicken Breast, Crisp Wontons, Rice Noodles, Lettuce, Napa Cabbage, Green Onion and Roasted Almonds. Tossed in Our Asian Dressing. -Completely flavorless.  The end.. . *Seafood Salad: Lump Crab, Shrimp, Avocado, Tomato, Corn, Green Beans, Egg, Celery and Green Onion Over a Bed of Crisp Romaine Tossed with Our "Louis" Dressing. -I didn't try this one, but the person said it was really good.  Very generous with the seafood!. . For Dessert:. *Butterscotch Caramel Pudding: Rich, Creamy Butterscotch Pudding Topped with Whipped Cream, House-Made Caramel Nut Popcorn and a Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookie. -To me, the pudding was thick like custard.  It was delicious!. . *Key Lime Pie: Baked Fresh with a Graham-Pecan Crust. Topped with Fresh Whipped Cream. -Delicious!. . *White Chocolate Raspberry Truffle Cheesecake. -Same cheesecake that is served at The Cheesecake Factory.  I mean, can you really go wrong?  Nope!. . I will say that it was really nice to sit and chat with friends without being rushed.  We got there at 6:00pm and left at 9:00pm.  Now the service was very slow, but at the same time, if we weren't chatting and eating slow, we probably would have gotten out of there at 7:00pm.. . Everyone was nice and had no problem splitting the bill 3 ways.
Grand Lux Cafe is a good place to eat if you are indecisive on what to eat because they offer an extensive list of dishes. You want steaks, got it. You want Asian, got that too. You want Cajun, yessir!. . I had the Rib Eye steak with whipped potatoes and it was decent. It's not the best Rib Eye I've ever had, but for the price, it was tasteful. I requested a side of horseradish and mixed it in my whipped potatoes. Man, it was bomb...gave it a lil' spark (no pun intend), which I like.. . I stay at Venetian/Palazzo on most of my visits to LV, so Grand Lux Cafe will always be an option.
Just another typical American restaurant you can find in Los Angeles. Sister of Cheesecake Factory. If you have time, go to a nice restaurant you cannot go anywhere else besides vegas. Grand Lux saved us because we needed a quick meal before we went out. We were staying at the Venetian so it was convenient. The food is the same as the Grand Lux in Beverly Hills. We have a group of 9 and they sat us in about 20 minutes. The wait was quite long for it being already 8:30pm. . . I would def recommend this place if you want late night food. They do have a late night food menu esp for those who get the munchies in the middle of the early morning after drinking/clubbing.. . The food took a bit long to come out. I got the mushroom soup and it was just okay. A bit salty. . . Wouldn't come here unless I was desperate to eat. So many places toeat on the strip!
If you like Cheesecake factory, you will like this place. Ambiance,decor, mass of people, the feel and the extensive menu to choose from. Ordered the Lux breakfast sandwich which came with bacon, ham, havarti cheese on brioche bread! YUMM!! . You can also order a quick breakfast buffet for $16.50 which will cover omelette station, breakfast meats, fruit, hashbrowns, waffles (not bad) and the PASTRIES! These are made in house and are really good. Coffee is $3.95, but all places charge about that amount, but the quality is above any breakfast pastry I have ever had. Service is quick to get you back to the gambling floor.
the service was meh... the food was made well.. nothing too special or  original about this place just so well make food..we had brunch it was nice to eat at a nice restaurant.. prob wont be coming back but not a bad place beside the place our  food on another person table... next to us... and they said it wasn't there so we took it they just remove the garnish but still.. not very good service but they did ask it we wanted remade.. we had a busy day so we didn't want to wait again..
Late-night meal fix (and I mean MEAL) with an extensive menu. . . I don't understand why but there's only one guy working the front when the demand is clearly high. This means we waited about half an hour for our food.. . But we were hungry at 4am. . . The burger my friend had boasted a patty that was an inch thick. At least. Another friend ordered a shrimp scampi with scarily large shrimp and my omelet had a 10-inch diameter...and we ate it all.. . Delicious but the wait during such a crucial time of need resulted in the docking off of 2 stars. Oh and it's pretty expensive for drunk munchies. . . Pro tip: The premade sandwiches are freaking DELICIOUS andonly about $7, which is the best deal on their menu.
During my 11 day work trip to Las Vegas (where I managed not to kill myself), I visited this Cheesecake Factory location a couple of times. . . Oh wait. This isn't another Cheesecake Factory? It's actually the Grand Lux Cafe?. . Wow. This place had me fooled.. . Regardless, this place features a friendly staff, good food, decent prices, and very flexible hours. Had I came here drunk, my rating might have been 4 stars.
So, this is a Cheesecake Factory. They even admit it's by the same people. I'm not familiar with what CF offers to compare the menus, but I will say this is a fine lunch spot. At the recommendation of a friend, we had the Buffalo Egg Rolls...which are awesome. Buffalo chicken fried in to an egg roll and served with bleu cheese dressing? Yes, please.. . After that, I had a kind of tropical salad, which was good, but not great. The chicken was kind of tasteless, needed a little seasoning, and the dressing was way too sweet. It was served with a nice mix of lettuce, jicama, bell peppers, sweet peas, and other veggies, but it didn't need to be drowned in all that sweet dressing. The fried flour tortilla chips served on the side were drenched in the stuff, which made them like eating sopapillas.. . Price was...not appalling for being inside a casino, and service was friendly. I would probably go back for the buffalo egg rolls, but there are definitely more exciting spots to be had.
if you're looking for an upscale denny's, look no further. if you're looking for denny's, it's actually not that far from the grand lux. the short walk should not deter you! (right outside between venetian's and harrah's orHURRAH'S as some would say.). . this place is great for group dining since there's hella seating available. average is about the best way i can describe the food though.. . it sure is convenient though at 2am when you'd rather not have little cards slapped at you or solicitation heading back to your room. ah vegas baby.
This is a great place to get good, average food, that's still a little lofty in price (hey it's vegas right?). . . It's a cheesecake factory baby that feels a bit like an upscale diner to me more than the factory itself. . . We typically get breakfast here as i'm not going to pass up the awesome restaurants to get diner food when i'm on vacation.. . The menu is gigantic- which i hate.
I can understand why people have an affection for this restaurant (the fact that it's 24 hrs bumps it from 2 to 3 stars), but come on: it's a dressed-up Cheesecake Factory with decent but overpriced food. If you're sitting around your house on a random Thursday night and have a hankering for Cheesecake Factory then fine, go eat there. But if you're in VEGAS for G-ds sake and you want a tasty and fabulous meal, then why would you waste stomach space on this place? Or.. if you're drunk and you want food at 4 am, then go find somewhere really cheap to eat (like Earl of Sandwich! or even McD's) because you are drunk, and won't be able to tell the difference. Maybe I've just eaten at the Cheesecake Factory one too many times to be excited by this repackaged version of the restaurant. I mean, if I was staying in the Venetian and my friends were all, "hey, let's eat at Grand Lux" then I would do it. But I would secretly wish that we were somewhere else.
We came here for late night munchies, or early morning munchies, whatever you wanna call it. The service was quick and the server was quite funny for 4am chit chat. Their menu threw me off because it had so many Asian fusion items. For example, I only wanted regular nachos, but theirs was Asian Nachos. . . We ended up going with the crispy spring rolls and the bbq chicken pizza. The pizza and spring rolls were pretty good, but  the spring rolls came with a bowl of carrots that we didn't know what to do with.
Took a while for the hostess to seat us even though there were quite a few seats available, but hey no biggie. We finally get seated. .        So right off the bf points out is it me or is the cutlery slightly greasy? Lo and behold there's a delightful sprinkle of it on the utensils. We ordered the whole egg omelet with spinach, mushrooms, bacon and cheddar. Eh it was okay I have had way better :/ for cheaper at More Than Waffles in Encino, CA. Belgian Waffles were pretty good but only with lots of butter and syrup.
In comparison, you might as well come here cause the food court next door is only a couple bucks cheaper but you get substantially more here.. . Plus you get a nice sit down, and friendly servers.. . Their bread is a little hard though so if you're getting a sandwich, think twice!
I really think they get more business in the middle of the night then they do during the day. It's open 24 hours which is the perfect place to go that's close by and on the strip after a fun night of clubbing. Everyone seemed to have the same idea as us and we must've waited half an hour for a table. We had a larger group though - of like 8 people. When we finally sat, I was already regretting picking food over sleep. When in doubt pick sleep always - just a tip. Haha. Anyways I wanted something light to settle my alcohol ridden stomach so I ended up getting the Zen noodles. Worse thing to get. Wow, I was hoping for halfway decent noodles but these were dreadful. The broth was thin and too lemongrass-y. The noodles were short and rough and the texture was almost too al dente. They put chicken in there and it's a bit rough and overcooked. At least they had the soy bean sprouts and lime and cilantro and all the other herbs on the side for me to add. I would day that was the most authentic part of my dish. And so overpriced at like $13. Crazy. I left unsatisfied and looking forward to just crashing. Other dishes looked ok like the flatbread pizza, sandwiches and breakfast. Yeah I just caution ordering such an Asian dish at such an American place.
We eat here a lot pretty much only because it has such a diverse menu with quite decent quality. You'll rarely if ever be blown away by anything, whether it be the service, food or drink, but you'll get a solid meal and everyone in your party will be satisfied.
If you can deal with the poor service
Not a bad place in Vegas, especially with most of the overpriced and overhyped restaurants there. With all of the the drinking and gambling, people do have to eat! . . The GLC was a very practical and reasonable place for those that simply need an outlet that wasn't trying too hard to fit in with it's surroundings. . . Great breakfast options, and practical prices.
Ate here 3 times in one weekend -____-. . Generally for Grand Lux, we head towards to location closer to Palazzo, but the two is exactly the same.  Since we stayed at the Venetian this time around, instead of venturing out into the hot Vegas summer, we stayed on the Venetian property for the majority of the time and Grand Lux is a favorite among my friends, which also meant we ate a lot of Grand Lux.  There is a foodcourt, but we weren't really feeling it.  . . Grand Lux is good, especially for large groups because it is a huge restaurant and they can easily accommodate bigger groups.  The menu is also very diverse, from breakfast to Asian-inspired dishes.  It's owned by Cheesecake Factory, so I always thought of Grand Lux as a very expensive diner.. . Went for the Chicken & Waffles, Short Rib Grilled Cheese Sandwich, and a Lunch combo for my visits this time around.  The Chicken & Waffles is a favorite of mine.  Belgian waffle that's topped with fried chicken strips and comes with this great brown butter maple.  The grilled cheese sandwich was the first time, and while good, it was just a bit too greasy for me.  Lunch combo with salad, soup, and sandwich is a solid choice for a little variety.  Grand Lux always have good soups at all times, and this time, got to try the Chicken Mushroom Cream, as well as the Chicken Tortilla.  The Chicken Tortilla seriously tastes like liquidfied nachos!  It's pretty damn delicious haha.. . Also tried my friend's jambalaya.  Not even close to being the real thing, but not gonna lie, it is pretty damn tasty.  It's more like a stir-fried dish with cajun spices & seasoning!. . The place is open 24/7, which is another reason why we came here so many times in one weekend.  After a night out, Grand Lux.  Dinner?  Grand Lux.  Another night out, sure why not Grand Lux again.  . . Need to convince the others to eat something else next time.
We went there for lunch since bouchon was closing at 2pm and it was already 1:30pm. There was no wait, had feeling of cheesecake factory like other reviewers mentioned. I liked sweet potato side (who doesn't like sweet potato!?) but my pasta was... meh. I ordered pasta fresco (not sure about the name) basically pasta with grilled vegetable. It was lacking in flavor. Lots of olive oils though. I left more than half of dish... :/ Nothing amazing here I suppose but for the price I guess it's ok. (since everything in vegas could be expensive!)
I had the Asian Nachos and the Chipotle-Avocado Burger. The nachos were some of the best and most interesting nachos I have ever had, while the burger was slightly above average. Beyond that, the rest of the food was average at best and for $15+ a plate I expected a bit more. Overall, ,decent food, but nothing special.
Went here for our last brunch in Vegas.  This place is huge.  It does remind me of cheesecake factory. Got here and was seated right away.. Coffee was ok.I wanted to check out the  chicken and  waffles as recommended here.  It was good but not great.It needed a sauce so  I was dipping my chicken in my sisters chipotle sauce.  That was good!  Ask for extra!  . With the price and decent food... I see why people go here.
Had a very good breakfast at this place! Show and presentation are definitely in line here. Service was efficient, but not quick. It was busy, but not overly so to where we couldn't have been handled better. Enjoyed it overall however.
Huge menu and a great place after a late night out. Pizza was a decent size to share for 2-3 people as a snack and wasplentiful in veggies. Crust was thin and crisp.. . House Green Salad, Organic Greens and Heirloom Cherry Tomatoes Tossed in Our Roasted Tomato-Caramelized Onion Vinaigrette. Fire Roasted Vegetable, Grilled Eggplant, Zucchini, Artichokes, Peppers, Onions, Tomatoes, Basil, Goat and Mozzarella Cheeses. Kalamata Olives
Huge menu and a great place after a late night out. Pizza was a decent size to share for 2-3 people as a snack and was plentiful in veggies. Crust was thin and crisp.. House Green Salad, Organic Greens and Heirloom Cherry Tomatoes Tossed in Our Roasted Tomato-Caramelized Onion Vinaigrette. Fire Roasted Vegetable, Grilled Eggplant, Zucchini, Artichokes, Peppers, Onions, Tomatoes, Basil, Goat and Mozzarella Cheeses. Kalamata Olives
Stayed at the Venetian over the weekend, so I guess we had to come try this place out.   Wasn't due to yelp this time, my friends just wanted to stop by.  . . Came here at 2pm on Friday with 3 of my friends, the place was not too busy.  But 20mins wait for the waitress to take our order was not cool.  Also the food took extremely long to get to us.  We must waited atleast another 20mins.  I ordered the Shrimps with pasta, the plate was $20 and it was excellent.  The food was quality was pretty good overall from trying out my friends dishes.  . . I don't know why the it took so long to serve us, really can't give this place anything above a 3star because of the wait.
4 stars for the food. 3 stars for the service (LONG wait time). 1 star for the grouchy hostess with a MOLE on her face D:  (You're supposed to be the FIRST face we see when we come in! Lighten up!). . After a LONG day of traveling, The girls n I are in search of FOOD! We were starving and since we had to wait for our suite, we decided to grab quick a bite here. The bite ends up being not so quick, and the food takes forever to come out, but once it does, It was worth the wait. Well, At least my dish was.. or.. maybe I was just starving ... . The menu was excessively long, A section with breakfast, lunch , dinner, late night. all day.. with most of the same items posted over and over.. Suggestion.. maybe have one menu for each time of the day? I found myself finding something good, then looking at the time frame its served.. and then going back to the actual page I should be looking at and then getting disappointing its not there :( . eh.. small details.. . I ordered the breakfast sandwich with sausage instead of bacon. Breakfast is good, all day.... hasbrowns yummo.. crispy n tasty, I asked for an over easy egg instead of scrambled and the ooey gooey yolk dripping everywhere just made this sandwich everything I could ever want and more.. lol. . Corned beef hash - eh.. sorry, but I prefer the canned version over this one.. The corned beef was actually a bit dry and the overpoweringbell peppers made this inedible for me. . Bacon Carbonara - Although I am not a fan of Bacon, This pasta dish had excellent flavors . This is a must try for all you bacon lovers out there.
Late Night Cookies n Coffee only. . OK, so hankering for something of substance in the sweet department, we wandered over to Grand Lux Cafe. (There's one fairly close to my place, but I've never gone --- for what that's worth.). . They offer chocolate chip/pecan cookies. In a box. Sounds good -- and they are. But, so ya know: Once we ordered them, the server told us it takes between 16 and 18 minutes. Verrrry specific. No problem. However, after not seeing them for, say, between 25 or 26 minutes later, I wondered what was going on...?. . Meantime, my double espresso came, and that was just fine. . . At last, the box o' cookies came and they were ..... pretty good. But only luke-warm. Now, of course, these babies have to cool. However, it's apparent they were ready, and cooled, and they simply didn't get delivered in a timely fashion. (Sigh) Not a deal-breaker, but certainly a bit of a let-down.. . They are served in a handsome cardboard. And it's fun to take the rest with you. Just next time, I'd really love them coming out HOT!
They serve good food at this location just like their other locations.  I only gave it 3 stars because the waits are usually very long and it gets very crowded.  It is also closer to the casino where the smoke can get really bothersome.  We much prefer waiting without all the smoke.  . . They also did not make beignets at this location.  The location and atmosphere at the Palazzo is much nicer and the food at the Palazzo location is just as yummy!
We ended up at Grand Lux because the Venetian was going to be compensating our visits to restaurants at the hotel, and so we figured we might as well try it. . . When we headed in, the restaurant was a bit dark, with a very comfortable atmosphere. The service, however, was decent but not really great. They were cordial, but not very attentive or friendly, which I suppose was fine since we were more interested in talking to each other anyway. . . To start with, the drinks aren't bad at all. There was always something good to drink, at pretty standard prices. . . The food is actually mostly decent as well. We tried some dinner/lunch food such as burgers and also a chili dog meal, and they were okay, though perhaps not the best. The desserts, however, were absolutely wonderful. Our favourites were the creme brulee (I'm a huge creme brulee lover, so getting to try two was pretty nice) and the beignets, which were amazing. . . If I were specifically looking to go out, I might not choose this, but when we were headed back from the casino or the club, or just looking for something to eat nearby, it was a trustworthy option.
Exactly like the Cheesecake Factory. Ordered some food to go at the bakery side: the calamari appetizer and the margharita pizza and a whoopie pie. The calamari also included fried zucchini (I skipped on the onions). Both calamari and margharita pizza were pretty salty--downed my entire liter of bottled water during the meal. The margharita pizza was also pretty thick for a pizza I expected to be more thin crust. Both do not stand well for consumption the next morning. Whoopie pie was okay, though the cream in the middle was very heavy on the frosting.. . Portions indeed are huge. I probably would've been fine eating just the calamari appetizer without getting the pizza. Order was ready 20 minutes, so not too long of a wait. Pretty convenient for those who want a quick meal to take back to their room (restaurant is right near the hotel room elevators!).
A group of coworkers and I went there several times during a conference for lunch.. . We were seated quickly each time, but food always took a very long time to be served. Service was friendly, however.. . Food was decent, but I did love my Ahi Burger.. . This restaurant is a higher end version of the Cheesecake Factory, but if I had to choose, I prefer the Cheesecake Factory.
Went here for brunch on New Years Day. The restaurant is open most of the day and has the ambiance of a french cafe in Paris. . . Had the buffet for brunch. It had been raided and it was a bit of a mess. The food, especially the sausage, was tasty so ignoring the mess at the buffet it was a good experience. We told the waiter about the lack of food at the buffet, and she was largely ignorant. Not the service I expect at a place that charge you $20 for brunch.
Came here on New Years Day, mid afternoon. They seem to have their JV service squad on the floor today.  Our waitress seems to be bored and confused. She left our table unattended with 5 empty drinks, 2 empty appetizer plates, 2 empty bread baskets and all the butter gone for over 20 minutes before coming over to refill our drinks. However, food was DELICIOUS! And the waiter who ran out our appetizers was stellar, giving us ranch intended for his table and swinging back through the kitchen to get more for his actual table.
Great soup but I would pass on the Chicken and waffles... Great hours (24/7) Better than Cheesecake factory.
Why they didn't call this place Cheesecake Factory baffles me, because it is the same thing! The menu is massive, the portions were some of the biggest I've seen in Vegas (outside of a buffet) and it's the same selection of cheesecake.. . But for me - that wasn't a problem, because I've never had any complaints about Cheesecake Factory. Our cab driver who took us to Mystere across the street at Treasure Island suggested we try this place. I'm glad he did because it was one of the most satisfying meals we had while we were partying. I ordered a spinach dip appetizer for the table and the chopped salad for my entree (which I couldn't finish it wasso big!). . Service was prompt and attentive. It was a great base for our last night out in Vegas.
How can a place give two dishes, one so full of flavor and the other totally bland ?. . Let me say straight off, I really wish there was a Grand Lux somewhere other than the Venetian or the Palazzo, the casinos themselves are very nice, spotlessly clean, but the management insists on adding over powering fragrances to the AC supply, I know I am not the only one to find this annoying, but in my case at the minimum I am getting a bad headache from it.. . Anyways, the powers that be (wife) decided she wanted to pit the grilled cheese and short rib sandwich we had just tried at Fat Choy against the offering at Grand Lux.. For me it is a no brainer, the Asian Nachos all the way.. . Order in quickly, food out quickly, the Asian Nachos, superb as ever (the only reason I brave the smell of this casino is for this dish, yes they are that good), the grilled cheese.. . Well totally tasteless, whoever figured it would be a good idea to use swiss cheese, please make them eat 20 of these things and then tell me it's good.. . The short rib could have been the saviour, but it seemed to me that it had be have been flavored in 78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen and a few trace bits thrown in for taste, well ok it's air..The meat had no taste either.. . So on one hand you have a great dish (the nachos), on the other a lousy dish (the sandwich).. . Oh well, live and learn, the service was good, my drink refilled quickly.
This is pretty much your typical Cheesecake Factory restaurant here. You know what you're getting into when you dine at a place like this. The food will be good if it's exactly how you thought it would be. If it comes out not exactly what you were expecting, then you're going to end up with a lot of leftovers. If you're hungry, don't want to spend an arm and a leg and just want some good 'ol comfort style food then this is your destination.
I love brie. That's a fact, Jack. So when I quickly glanced at the menu, my eyes were set on the turkey & brie sandwich. Turkey, brie, cranberry-apricot chutney, & arugula made up of this sandwich. The one thing that irked me was the overdose of mayo. The side salad was also overdressed. The waiter was super spacey, and couldn't remember anything we said. He also forgot to charge us for drinks, so that was good for us.
Have been anxiously awaiting my first dinner at Grand Lux for some time now.  . Finally went my last time I was in Vegas.  . . was not quite as epic as everyone made it out to be but I enjoyed the food either way, definitely better than alot of spots on the strip. . . Got a short rib grilled cheese, which if you have never tasted the combination of juicy meaty, grilled short rib and grilled cheese than I suggest you do so.  This is still a good example of this love affair but Los Angeles has several establishments where they serve a better one, Grand Lux's was slighly dry.  Nonetheless, it definitely hit the spot. :D. . Also ordered the Asian nachos, which was my FAVORITE thing of the evening.  Made like regular nachos but with an Asian twist, and with Won Ton strips instead of tortilla chips which I feel is one of the more unique and impressive dishes I have came across in some time.  . . Their grand Lux burger was also good but not everything my friends ordered came out as spectacular as say the Asian nachos.  Would definitely come back here if near here while im in Vegas.
service is great~ food is ok~
Have you been to Cheesecake Factory? If so, you should know what to expect from this place. While they don't serve the exact same dishes, it's essentially the same type of food, portions and price.. . Like most places in Vegas casinos, it can be difficult to find. It's on the casino level near the escalators that connect the casino floor to the Venetian Shops. . . This is by no means a 'must eat' place in Vegas, but if you're nearby and looking for a meal that's better than Denny's but cheaper than Tao, then give this place a try.. . If I was rating this place based off of my most recent visit, I'd only give them 2 stars because our food took forever to come out and when it did it was cold. But I generously gave them 3 stars because the other times I've been there this wasn't a problem. Perhaps it was the time of day when we visited. I think we got sat in our server's section just as she was about to get off. . . Finally, other Yelper's said they had good pancakes, but sadly I didn't get to try them (despite my intense post Vegas night out cravings) because they stop making pancakes at 11am. But they do make Belgian waffles all day.
Okay so, in all honesty, I don't remember much about this place because 7 out of the 8 of us were EXTREMELY intoxicated by the time we got here. . . I remember a very select few things about this place...those things being:. . -huge and varied menu...like The Cheesecake Factory. -I think the portions were big.. -I think I got a burger, I think I liked it.. -My husband tells me he got the short rib grilled cheese...and he also thinks he liked his.. -The server was very nice...and very patient with a very drunk group of 8 people. -We had 2 birthdays in our party so theybrought out some cute birthday thing with a candle... couldn't tell ya what the candle was stuck in...but there was a flame, that I remember! . . I think I want to go back sober.
I enjoyed bread and butter. The Greek Salad was ok but seemed to be missing something I couldn't put my finger on. The mahi mahi dish was cooked nicely btu also was missing something. It wasn't exactly bland but as said, missing something. But it was a decent enough meal.. On a crowded night, when I thought they'd never get to my table to take my order, the waiter appeared, When I thought, where is my salad, it is quick to make!?!? it appeared, and the waiter was friendly.
I went here for lunch yesterday with a friend. I had never been in the Palazzo before, nor had I ever eaten at Grand Lux Cafe, so I was super excited to experience both. The cafe is easy to find coming off of the parking garage elevators, it's a quick jaunt across the casino floor. We were sat right away by a pleasant hostess and received a booth as requested. The decor is beautiful in this cafe and the ceiling is simply stunning. It is a work of art, very beautiful.. . Here's some pros & cons during my visit:. . PRO's. 1.) Large food selection. 2.) Delicious, complimentary bread basket. 3.) Great wait staff - courteous, helpful and kind. 4.) Fantastic pot roast French fry appetizer (I recommend), yummy Manhattan salad and penne with a silky, smooth alfredo sauce. 5.) Huge portions, easy to share. . CONS's. 1.) Food brought out wrong the first time and had to wait while they remade it. 2.) Very pricey - think upscale, Cheesecake Factory. 3.) Large food selection - I spent 20 minutes flipping through this huge menu trying to decide on something to eat. 4.) The server we got was not knowledgeable on the menu. I asked simple questions like "what pasta does this dish come with?" and he didn't know.. . All-in-all, I would definitely visit again for lunch, however I don't see myself coming for dinner service. I can see how this is a great spot for tourists or hotel guests though. Make sure you have more thana 1 hour lunch before eating here. It does take a bit of time.
Loved the Sunday Night Pasta dish. Good prices for Vegas. Nice servers & ambiance. Would recommend to travelers. A better version on Cheesecake Factory.
Came here on a Friday morning because someone online said there was. A breakfast buffet . but there wasn't it was an old post.. . We got seated in 7 minutes. . Ordered the Belgian waffles with strawberries it was good. Salad and pasta pomodoro, pasta was toooooo salty. Ribs and half chicken, ribs were really dry, but the chicken was decent with extra BBQ sauce.. . The only thing I can recommend was the waffle.. . Our server Kim  was on top of her game .
I'm happy I finally got to try this place on a recent trip to Vegas! First off, I am giving this place a star knocked off because of the extremely slow and rude service!. . We were seated pretty promptly for amount the restaurant was already packed. We ordered our coffees, which was good, and we wanted to order brunch, but the server managed to not come around for quite a while. I got the belgian waffles with fresh strawberries - which were heavenly! . . The friends I were with ordered some mimosas, and they did not come for a good 20 minutes, so they wanted to cancel it, but the server mentioned that were already made. My friends refused to pay for it, and the server simply rolled her eyes and took it back, and gave us attitude about it. She made my experience here really not very good, next time i'll make sure she is not my server! . . Overall, good food, mediocre ambiance, and RUDE service! I mean you have to eat in Vegas, so I guess some will have to put up with this rude service - definitely worth the visit though.
Located in the Venetian, this place is definitely value for money compared to the other dining options in many of the hotels. Plus is it open 24 hours....... . We walked in here at 11pm on a Tuesday and were greeted and quickly seated. Our server however, was not a happy camper that day. It took her 15 minutes to acknowledge our presence or ask us for our drink order. Since we were starving, this annoyed us a little more that day. Avoiding another delay, we ordered everything at once. Once she had our order, she huffed and puffed away. . . BTW I must mention that this place is similar to the Cheesecake Factory (or so I was told when we checked in to the Venetian). Based on the menu, I can agree a 100%. It was 10 pages long - you have small plates, almost big plates, big plates etc. and the prices seemed to match those at the Cheesecake Factory. It took me 10 minutes to find what I wanted to eat and that also after scanning through only half the menu - maybe that is why the service is so slow - they like to give you time to go through the entire menu :). . Sourdough bread is complimentary, however it was hard and dry and not comparable to nice warm bread. Maybe this is something the restaurant can change. . . For our food, we got the Asian nachos (based on the yelp comments and reviews) and volcano shrimp to start off. The Asian nachos are a MUST TRY. The nachos are freshly baked, crispy, with a sweet sesame topping, chicken, cheese and rice. The chicken is tangy and juicy, and the cheese does not overload the nachos (which is usually what I find on most occasions). The volcano shrimp were fried shrimp (the regular) but the dipping sauce was interestingly tasty - Spicy Chilli Aioli. . . For the entree, I ordered the Indochine Shrimp and Chicken and my wife got the Pasta Pomodoro. Both these plates were good enough for 2 people each (so all in all we got food that could feed 4). I enjoyed my Indochine Shrimp and Chicken, even though it was on the sweeter side with raisins and really lacked the Indian spices it claimed to have. The chicken in this dish was probably a little under-seasoned but the shrimp counterbalanced the chicken in this case. My wife's Pomodoro was plain pasta in tomato sauce and nothing really out of the blue, other than a huge plate of food.. . We waited another 15 minutes after finishing to get our check before walking out satiated though not thoroughly happy. The lack of seasoning and flavor in the Chicken (Indochine Shrimp and Chicken) and pasta (Pomodoro), and the poor service makes me give the place a 3 stars.
We came here after our night out.  The food is Cheesecake style - large portions! Service was OK, except it took forever to bring our food out! The wait was crazy, and they just kept on bringing us more bread.  By the time our food came out, we felt full and honestly I didn't feel like eating anymore.  Hope they learn to staff better in the kitchen!!  They aren't that cheap either!
They're open late so it's a great spot for after-club munchies. Nothing like some chicken and waffles to soak up the alcohol. They also make a great chicken parmesan and some of the largest portions I've ever seen. They have a red velvet cake slice that's big as my noggin. The menu is large almost too large that one will begin to question if they can make all that stuff well. The servers are pleasant but the kitchen takes for-freaking-ever. The prices are decent for a restaurant with a nice ambience at the Venetian. Just keep in mind that your dining experience may take longer than expected.
The eggs on the buffet on the line gave me the trots! Other than that the food was good and the fresh squeezes orange juice was a nice gesture.
I am reviewing on the sunday breakfast buffet.  It was kinda overpriced ithought..maybe coz i lost a lot in the casinos...but the buffet area was waay to small. esp with to starting points.  At the time i went, they seemed to have always run out of something.  I plate of breakfast food would fill you up so i think its better to just order from the menu.. . None the less, awesome service from our waitress.
Stopped by this place for a late dinner with my brother. They must do great business seeing as they're open almost 24 hours. The cafe is a lot bigger than it looks from the front, with some seating in the front (with view of the casino floor) and a huge space in the back. The service was good overall, and the waiter didn't stop by so many times that he became annoying (props), but on to the food.. . What people say is true, the Asian Nachos are pretty good. Sweet, tangy, savory, and salty with crispy wonton chips and meaty chopped chicken. A plate of these is pretty much a meal in itself.. . The avocado-chipotle burger and the delux drive-in burger were both decent, but super greasy.The portion sizes are good though, and they give you a choice to swap sides. I had the salad w/ vinaigrette and it was good (left me feeling a little less fat). But I've been spoiled by Austin so my standards for burgers is a bit skewed.... . Price-wise, it's a bit expensive, but I guess "regular/cheap" for Vegas. It's a good place to stop by if your hungry and it's late.
on a work trip to Vegas I stayed at the Venetian for 7 days, so one night I had to try this Grand Lux Cafe for dinner. The food variety was great and the bartender/server was friendly. They were busy and it took awhile to get my food but I was in no rush.. . I had the buffalo chicken rolls and a salad.. Not amazing but it was satisfying.
It was Cheese cake factory
We really enjoyed our food but the service was absolutely horrible.  No one around us got drink refills unless they asked.  The server stood with her back facing the tables almost the whole time.  I was suppose to get a salad with my lunch and got the sandwich and had to flag her down to ask about it, when she did bring it she practically threw it on the table on her way by.  But I would eat there again.  Nice atmosphere.
Food choice and selection was good.  The decor was nice.  I really wanted to like this place. However everyone at our table ordered burgers and needless to say everyone was sick by the end of the night.
Wasn't terrible, but the food was not good enough for me to consider giving it any more than 3 stars.  The prices and the service were not good enough either.  It wasn't bad or anything, but it certainly was not what I'd want for the price I paid.  I ordered the Caramel Chicken and it was pretty bland, essentially tasted like the honey chicken at Pei Wei (which I could have gotten for half the price) and was not in any way unique tasting or as delicious as it was made out to be.  It is likely that I would not go back unless I was staying at the hotel and was feeling really lazy.
Very average, the only reason it didn't get 2 stars is because the prices are pretty good for a vegas restaurant in the venetian.. . our server was nice, but service was VERY slow, food came out extremely slow as well. I got the steak sandwich and it was probably half the size of what I expected, came with a side of fries, food itself tasted decent and I was actually full from my small sandwich but nothing to rave about. . . it's a great place to stop by if you're on a budget and just need to grab some food, but it's not by any means fancy or nice, or good tasting for that matter.
I'm not sure if they're owned by the same company, but I like to think of this place like a higher quality/fancier ingredients version of the Cheesecake Factory.. . So in true fashion, definitely expect huge portions when dining here. I would recommend sharing...everything. . . Also, order a box of the chocolate chip cookies to go....though I think you need to warn them about 20 minutes before ordering...it says something on the menu.They taste amazing, especially when they first bring them to you fresh out of the oven. Your group will thank you later that night when they're stumbling back from the clubs looking for something sweet. Also, it's quite the deal for a Vegas establishment.
I have been here a couple times.  I was not thrilled with this last time.  We were seated pretty quick, but the lights were dimmed to the point where I was squinting to read the text on the menu and I know it is to set the mood.  But I do not want to leave with worse eye sight.. . I ordered the parm chicken- thin chicken with a thick breaded crust.  Only one side of the parm chicken was browned.  Weird... So I kind of picked it off and placed it on my bread plate.. . The bread offered, some was good and some tasted and felt like it had been sitting for a while and warmed and then served.  Shouldn't hurt my teeth to tear into it.  Our waiter was great.  . . I just wish that the meal would have been better.
2nd time here.  this time, got their lunch special of small pizza and salad for $11.99.  pizza was rather large but salad was so small it was like 3 bites.  so I guess that's what you get when you order a lunch special.  my hubby got a large salad, which he loved.  so why 3 stars?  after 15 minutes of being ignored (the place was dead btw), and watching other people get serviced with drink orders, I had enough and flagged someone down.  after that, someone showed right up and took good care of us from that point forward.  i hate being ignored while you witness other waiters run around on and ignoring you.
Usually end up coming here every time I stay at Venetian. Late night pasta? Can't go wrong. Bit pricey though.
We had lunch here. I had half a chicken salad sandwich, with mixed green salad, and chicken corn potato soup. Everything was delicious.  I just didn't like the cigarette smoke coming from the casino, but I got used to the smell. lol
This is an ok place to eat at. Pretty much like Cheesecake Factory but I do prefer Cheesecake. I think Grand Lux Cafe and Cheesecake Factory are related. . . I would say this is the place you want to hit up if you're hung over on your night in Vegas since I think this is one of the few places opened past 2am... I mean they have your typical hang over food like burgers and fries... :)
I read the good and the bad before going. I've been here a few times. . . The good...Close to the Venetian theater (Saw Celtic Women last night). We were seated quickly and served quickly. Our server, Carlina, was EXCELLENT. They have an extensive menu so there is something there for everyone. The prices are extremely reasonable.. . Nothing bad (hence the 3 stars), but everything else was just OK. I had the Spaghetti Carbonara and was really disappointed. I kept reminding myself that it wasn't an Italian restaurant and I shouldn't have great expectations. It was dry and greasy. The bacon was too crunchy and some of it burned. I prefer pancetta. I ate half of it and was done. My partner had the chicken tortilla soup. It was average. It seemed as if it was tomato based. Way to creamy.. . Oh...there was one bad...The bread. It had no taste. It was too moist in the middle and I cut my gum with the crust. It seemed as if it had been warmed over a couple of times.. . As I'm writing this...I'm thinking...try somewhere else before my next show there.
Okay so my friends and I came here twice while we were staying at the Venetian the other weekend. The first time, I ordered an Asian salad and a Bloody Mary- both were amazing. Hence, the reason we came back the second time (not to mention that it was conveniently located at the bottom of our elevator when we were leaving the room). Anyways, the second time was a totally bust. We got wings and I'm a HUGE wing fan but these were literally the worst wings ever. I split them with my friend and we each ate one wing and were totally over it. All in all, good location but be careful about  what you order.
Okay... so my tastes have changed.... I still like this place, but after my last visit it's not as good as my previous visits.  It's still good, just not as good as I remember it to be.  I will try it again next week and let you know if it meets my standards again!
Large restaurant inside the Venetian. Place is clean and on the darker side.  The website for the restaurant is misleading. It says "$" although it is at least "$$". You might be able to find less expensive sandwiches on the menu at below $15, but most of the items are above $15. . . I decided to go off the beaten path with the Spicy Carnita Sandwich. This is a great sandwich. It's not sloppy as you'd think with the ingredients. Only a little spicy. Wife had the fettuccine alfredo with Shrimp which she did not complain about. . . Given the size, I doubt the wait time would be long. What makes this place worth going back for is the broad menu selection. If you have a large party with different tastes, this is a safe bet.
Food: . Big hearty portions. Not mind blowing delicious but definitely better than Cheesecake Factory. Got the lunch special today-Salad & Pasta for $12.50. Fresh tasting salad with heirloom tomatoes, light and refreshing. For the pasta I got the Pasta Pomodoro. This was like a dressed up spaghetti, but with skinnier pasta and fresh tomatoes added to it. Plenty of sauce.. . Service:. Staff was nice. However the service is extremely slow. Even though we were seated right away, we don't get the bread basket until close to 20 minutes later. The food took even longer to get out. Difficult to flag down any waiter, let alone your waiter.. . Would I be back again? Sure. Would I go out of my way to come eat here? Not so much.
