Nice option in Vegas. Not theme-y like the rest of the hotels, but I can't say it's super nice either. Modern feel, yes, but definitely not "luxe." The casino floor is super small, but the best thing about this place is its location - nestled between the Bellagio and Monte Carlo, near In-N-Out, and part of CityCenter.
It's big, it's "modern", it's expensive.  Still too soon to say if Aria, and all of CityCenter, is going to be a gigantic bust or a harbinger of Vegas's future.  It has a very cold feel to it (not much character) which is both refreshing for Vegas (I do not need staff dressed as characters) and disappointing (I felt like I was walking around a nameless corporation's headquarters).. .  There were some problems with the room.  The entry way lights did not turn off due to a faulty switch which took two phone calls and basically a day to fix.  Also it didn't seem like there was a in house safe in the usual places.  So either I didn't look hard enough/needs to be clearly labeled somewhere.. . Housekeeping was slow.  The staff is very friendly and accommodating, however it takes them awhile to get your room cleaned. It took them until 3pm to get the room made up.. . As far as gaming goes it is very nice, very new.  The pit bosses are really friendly and I won money so I'm not going to complain :)
We stayed here in Sept and thought it was pretty nice so we booked a vaca through Southwest Vacations to stay here again since it was one of the cheapest. The rooms are nice and very modern and hi tech, nice big shower and tub and central location on the strip. I was surprised when we checked in that there was a new daily $22 resort fee.  it included access to the gym, WiFi, and 2 complimentary drinks. I wanted to use the gym when we stayed there before but it was $30 a day to get in since it was in the spa area, which I also thought was excessive.  But, i didn't even end up using the gym this time.  The WiFi sucked and I ended up using 3G on my iPhone anyway. And who needs free drink passes at a casino? They included free boarding pass printout at the concierge desk as a perk, but that was free last time. I can't complain about the staff since i hardly interacted with them.  Checkin was fine. The line at the concierge was long.  It took until 4:30pm for our room to be serviced.  . . We ate at the breakfast buffet, which was great and pretty reasonable at $15. Everything from eggs benedict, made to order omelettes, sausages, congee and kimchi and pastires. We went before and learned that if you go around 10:30, you'll probably still be there when they change over for lunch  :) Had a late lunch at Julian serrano and prices there was reasonable too.  No ceviche on the lunch menu, but the gazpacho was best thing we ordered. The stuffed peppers were also very good. Tuna and raspberry bites weren't that great--overpowered by the raspberry.  We also went to the happy hour at American Fish. $5 is a great deal, but the selections were so so.  2 Oysters and 2 pieces of yellowtail sashimi were not bad but pretty hard to mess up. Lobster corndogs and fish and chips pretty uninspired.  The aioli and tartar sauces were the best parts. . We didn't go to the clubs or eat anywhere else in CityCenter. . Some pluses and minuses, but probably won't stay here again.
I feel like Aria hasn't blown me away quite yet. The casino floor is small and crowded feeling compared to others on the strip. There are rooms that can be had on the strip for much less with the same exact features if not more. The room remote is silly and we couldn't get the media center working. The bathrooms in the room were ok too but there really is no wow factor whatsoever.
The casino area was very nice. The theater where they do Viva Elvis was very fancy. It felt like there was less gambling area than other casinos though. . . Like other Vegas hotels, stop confusing me or you're not getting a 5-star review! The City Center is the worse, as, even though there are so many neat design elements in the mall, when you go around to get to a certain part, you have to turn around because of a dead end and get lost some more. It's terrible...
Really beautiful place and structure; esp City Center; fascinating to see how fast Vegas has grown into~
I've stayed here a couple of times now and while I have no real complaints, there are better hotel options on the strip for sure.. . Modern decor with a fresh feel to everything, you won't feel like you're in a rehabbed hotel like Planet Hollywood.  Nonetheless, the quality of everything is just lacking.  Consider it the Ikea of resorts.. . The rooms are small.  For the same price, you can grab a place at the adjacent Vdara and it'll be more spacious.  Got hooked up with an upper level scenic view with complimentary chocolate covered strawberries.  The strawberries were a joke!!!  Okay okay, they were free, I guess I shouldn't be expecting much.  . . On the plus side, it's conveniently located next to the CityCenter.  But if you don't mind the distance, I highly suggest you stay at a north strip hotel (i.e., Venetian, Wynn, etc.); comparable prices and better bang for your buck overall.. . Warning: Trippy lower level scrolling light text action at the valet pick up.  The downside?  Don't stare directly into it while you're hungover.  May cause extreme motion sickness, which can lead to vomiting!
I stayed at ARIA on a recent spontaneous one-night trip to Vegas.  As an LA resident, the one-night Vegas trips have started to become somewhat of a all night party/gamble/clubbing binge, and we usually decide to stay in the cheapest hotel possible.. . However, since we booked the hotel at 2:30 am the previous morning (figure it out), we decided to splurge a bit, and headed for ARIA.  Although this was for sure the nicest place I've stayed in Vegas, it doesn't compare to luxury hotels elsewhere.. . The location is great, and the new shuttle comes though, so it's easy to get to Monte Carlo & Bellagio. . . The front desk was pleasant, although the guy kept calling me Mrs. Decker, when there was no evidence of me being married.  Although I did stay with a male (who was subsequently called Mr. Decker, lol), we had a two queen room, and I don't wear any rings etc.  It was just a little awkward, and I tried not to lught.  . . The view from our 21st floor room was of the Vdara and Cosmopolitan pools.  For a "backside" of the hotel view, it was pretty decent.  The rooms were big, the beds were fluffy and EVERYTHING was automated by a little touch screen remote.  The beds, the music, TV, curtains etc.  I was pretty excited about that, although there was a bit of a delay in the touch screen, which made me accidentally turn everything on/off/on/off a few times due to the delay.. . The bathrooms were large, but the shower pressure was weak, the towels were stiff, and they provided 1-ply toilet paper.  I'm sorry, but if you're going to charge $200+ a night for a hotel, I don't think it's too much to ask for the good TP!. . We ate at the buffet ($37 on a Saturday), and I suppose it was decent.  There was a TON of seafood including crab legs and lobster.  I'm allergic to shellfish, so this didn't thrill me.  There was still a wide selection of other foods, but the focus was definitely on sea food.  They also provided unlimited house wine, which tasted cheap, but it was free, and I like cheap wine anyway.. . I didn't spend much time in this casino, as we hightailed it to Bellagio shortly after our dinner.. . I didn't use the spa services, but I purused. . There wasn't anything that made this hotel absolutely outstanding, and for the price I would say it was average.  If it was more moderately priced, I would have added a 4th star.
arias entrance is pretty nifty with a sweeping waterfall fountain surrounding the perimeter of the arrival circle.  when i walked to the cvs on the corner, there was a kind of whistling noise that i wasnt sure if it was the wind and buildings or something they amplified.  it was also a bit of a hike everywhere.  to the strip, to the taxi line.  even to the cosmopolitan, a neighboring hotel in citycenter, we were getting a bit lost.. . the rooms are smaller than wynns but also half the price.  we had a broken light in the room and made it very dark for most of the stay.  when we notified them, it took them a few hours to come and fix it.  by that time we were out of the room.  the tub, shower and toilet are all in the same room, making it somewhat difficult to share a bathroom.  the tub was inside the shower too.. . you can actually see daylight from within the casino which i thought was pretty neat.  haha.  the lobby smells of vanilla.  if you dont like the scent i can see that it can be annoying.  . . upon arrival, there were also quite a few people who were on scooters were werent disabled.  i am guessing you can rent them.
The hotel was beautiful, the club was an absolute "FAIL", restaurants were decent but nothing to write home about, and the Spa was incredible. So i am stuck in the middle on my review.. . The "resort fee" is a JOKE!  When you check in and they hand you the 2 free drink tickets, just turn them down,  those disguised as a $20/day fee you accept by accepting those coupons...which we didn't even use.  The pool was closed, so really the resort fee was just a massive way of stealing an extra $20/day.  The worst part  of that was we booked over $600 in Spa treatments the second day we were there, therefore the resort fee should have been waived for that day per their "spa description".  Apparently that isn't the case. It isn't about the money so to speak, it is about little "surprise charges" that they nickel and dime you with.. . Second, we were on the hotel's VIP list  for the night club there Pure.  We were told we would bypass the line, and have wonderful treatment.  After we waited for some snooty guy to finally allow us to bypass the line (after a good 20 minutes), we realized the club was not the "happening" place the hotel described it as.  I would recommend heading next door to The Cosmopolitan's Marquee or Heading over to Encore's XS. Aria night life is just not up to par.. . On to happier memories... the Spa is divine!  My husband and I enjoy couples massages several times a year, and this was by far, the BEST spa experience I have ever had.  Other than it being extremely overpriced, the service was impeccable. The co-ed heated pool outside was an added bonus since we rarely get to enjoy amenities together other than the actual massage.  The women's facilities could not have been improved upon.  The eucalyptus steam room was by far the most relaxing 10 minutes I have had to myself in months.  All in all, I would return JUST for the spa. 5 stars all the way!. . I would definitely stay at the Aria again, but would be a little more cautious about accepting free drink coupons.  I'd also like to return when the pool is actually open.  The adult pool looked very promising!
I was actually expecting this place to blow my mind. But in reality, it was just alright.. . Pros. - Great views from the 54th floor. - Asked front desk for a high floor and she gave me the highest floor. Better than any $20 dollar trick since it was free!. - Room was modern. - Bathtub and shower were separate but in the same area which is convenient if taking a bath.. - Aria Pool is awesome. - Friendly Staff. - $139 a night special. - $20 resort fee included 2 complimentary drinks. . Cons. - Our AC didn't work. It was 85 degrees and we only found out it didn't work when we got back to the hotel.. - The room wasn't dark enough. The blinds didn't go all the way to the end and at the top light still leaked through. I always expect vegas rooms to be pitch black when sleeping so I can't tell the difference between 2am and 10am. . - Calling front desk took forever.. - I lost money at Aria gambling.. . Would I stay here? Probably not. My coworker just told me that Aria is not earthquake proof so that doesn't give me another reason not to go back.
My family and I stayed at Aria because we had a great offer for staying there.  There are a lot of restaurant choices and a great buffet.  But there are other things that were not pleasant..      This resort definitely is not kid friendly because my kids were just looking at the buddha statue at the main gate and we had security came over to make sure my kids don't do anything to the statue.  .      The Control 4, room control unit, that controls all the lights, music, tv, curtains, and clock were very frustrated to use.  When we first used it is was fine until we click more than once on some functions.  From there on every function on the control was mal-funtioned.  The music, tv, light, and curtain just turned on and moved at will at 3 a.m. on our first night there.   It was very frustrating !!!!  From there on nothing else worked, all the way to our last night staying there.  We read about other people comments about the room control, we felt their frustration, too.  .      The room mini bar was also annoying because one little touch of the item  will automatic bill to your guest portfolio.  I had to call to have the charge taken off..     I prefer staying at Vdara than Aria because of the bad experiences that I had at Aria Casino.  If only they could fix the Control 4 room control unit.
The room was beauitiful.  The wired touchscreen "remote" was a pain in the ___ to deal with.  We had a nice view of the Cosmo's pool.  I didin't take part in the check in/out process so I can't comment on that.  . . The pool was pretty cool - I like that you could sit in a shady area if you wanted to.  . . Despite the people smoking there, it wasn't an overwhelming cig smell in the casino.  . . The staff seemed helpful and ready to point you in the right direction.  . . All of the restaurants and bars inside this place are a TOTAL RIPOFF though.  I realize "this is Vegas", but COME ON.  I don't mind spending good money on a great meal, but I was floored how much some of the places charged for BASIC food.  The buffet, which trumpeted "complimentary champagne/bloody marys" - yeah - only if you PAID for it.
Just stayed here for a two night, three day stay for the fourth of July. . Not extremely pleased with this hotel. Nice looking, but way too modern for me. It was very high tech, so much that I could barely turn off the lights. The pool was extremely crowded, and I didn't like the layout. Also, the floor was so slippery! I totally ate it while walking. Didn't go clubbing, but walked past it and it did not seem poppin. Also, I heard through other yelpers that the club is overpriced and crowded.. Though there were flaws, maid service and beds were quite amazing :) . My family and friends split up into three hotels (Aria, Paris, and Palazzo) and I have to say that Palazzo was by far the best :)
Very nice casino but the hotel is overpriced.
Room is small considering vegas standard, very high-tech since everything can be controlled by this master panel thingy, but hell i have those in my hotel apartment too, so i wasn't too impressed with it. They gave me a room that is facing rear of the hotel, with all the hotel venting, so am disappointed!
This place is modern and trendy and for the most part all the employees are good looking but I wasn't impressed.  Eventually modern becomes dated.  So what else do they have to offer???
My stay here was great -the hotel is beautiful, the room is amazing -but I took away one star just because of the location. In my opinion, it's far from the main bustling areas of Vegas so you most likely will have to cab it a lot, which could get unnecessarily pricey. . . The hotel is real classy but it doesn't really have a theme. . . The corner room i stayed in had a nice living room area, the master bathroom had an electronic toilet that would squirt water in different direction depending on if you were going #1 or #2 and an air dryer. Definitely couldn't get used to it. The highlight was the master bedroom with 2 of the walls completely made of glass at the corner of the hotel. We had a beautiful panoramic view of Vegas.
cool hotel but food was marginal at best and way overpriced. Didn't enjoy the casino but that may have more to do with all the losing I was doing. Rooms were very modern and had cool gadgets which I liked.
I had high expectations for Aria. Maybe too high.... . Pros: . -The rooms are nice. I really liked how when you opened the door for the first time the curtains would open. . -I really liked the contemporary art they had all around the casino. Very few places were a bit on the Lady Gaga side (triangles and mirrors and cactuses?) . -This isn't really a pro, but I thought it was sooooo cool how all their surfaces were different textures. No, I was not on LSD during my trip. Really people, the walls on the hotel floors outside the elevators were leather, whereas other places were smooth wood, granite, etc. Warning for future stumbling bastards: as you walk down the halls to your room the walls are a rough and have a grainy texture. If your face hits this wall because the Patron has taken over, half of your face will be scraped off!. -The maids were very friendly. Tip them! . -Many restaurants for fine dining. More reviews later. . . Cons:. -The gambling is alright. I have a theory that since they are still relatively new they have to spank everyone and take their money in the first few years unlike the other casinos. I feel like I win more at the MGM and the like. Obviously gambling is part skill, mostly luck, and the house always has the advantage. . -For an approaching holiday weekend I thought their check-in was on the slow side and only 4 people were working if I recall. I am a patient person so I didn't really care about the wait, but if you aren't then maybe Aria isn't the place for you.. -The room did not have blackout curtains. WTF. Well, technically I guess they are, but the very top of the curtains were wavy and let in sunlight. I'm not explaining this well, all I know is that I woke up at 6 am the first day since the sun was brightening up our room.. -The bed was comfortable, but I really didn't like the pillows. . . Random:. -I hope this isn't TMI but the toilets are too high. Just sayin'. . -A lot of the tables were non-smoking, which I haven't really seen before in Vegas. Sweet! . -Other people have commented on the vanilla smell. I liked it because you couldn't smell it all the time, only certain places had the strong aroma. . . I probably won't stay at this hotel again, but I'm glad I did anyway. It was an experience and I think it's worth trying if you are looking for a new hotel in Vegas to try out.
For a 5 star hotel, they should work the kinks out . . . then again I went last August, so maybe they have.. . First of all . . . there is no doubt you feel like a straight baller when you come here.  Man this place is nice . . . you are talking a young man from the slums of South Florida and another young dude from South Central spending 3 days in luxury.. . The Bad:. . We got in late one night, and they didn't have my room . . . so we settled for that night . . . got up, and they had my room, but the keys wouldn't work and we were double booked.  Needless to say I was getting irritated.  Went' back down stairs and the lady gave me a center suite on like the 22nd floor with a $100 credit.  . . I walked in . . . and it was like Hangover in that place.  I didn't want to leave the room.  However still had some irrititating electric problems which a place like this just shouldn't have.. . Also, it is just a bit further from the strip than I would have liked.  I mean seriously, from the room to the strip is a good 15 minutes . . . but the view was still great at night.. . The Good:. . You definitely turn a few heads when you announce you are at the Aria in a Suite lol.  We made like $300 at the Black Jack table . . . so that was cool,  but I had to stop as I was getting drunk LOL.  Some bad, bad females work in this joint.  Some bad, bad females is walking around this joint.  The breakfast buffet was real good.. . Overall, this is a 5 star place . . . but they just had too many issues for me to rate it above a 3.  I look forward to heading back to Vegas, though with new hotels popping up all the time, not sure if I am staying here . . . but I definitely would be open to giving it another shot.
I didn't stay here, just walked around and checked the place out.  It was recently built, so everything is nice and new.  The fountain out front is pretty spectacular.
Spent an extended Memorial Day holiday weekend at Aria Resort & Casino.  Saturday was pretty crowded and all of Vegas (not just Aria) seemed to be hopping.  Things thinned out pretty quickly by Sunday, and everything was much lower-key Monday and onward.. . HOTEL. . Stayed in a standard room with two queen beds.  The room itself is a little on the small side, but balanced by the (relatively) newer furnishings, modern design, and technological bells and whistles--most notably the fact that you can control the lights and curtains of the entire area from either the television (through the remote control) or from a little bedside display.  The beds and pillows were very comfortable and the climate control worked like a charm.  Again, the bathroom seemed a little small by Vegas standards and having the bathtub in the shower stall was slightly disconcerting.. . The spa waspretty impressive--breaking off into Men's and Women's spas (complete with lockers, showers, jacuzzis (kept at 70, 90, 100, and 101 degrees), sauna, and steam room.  The separate spas then converged into a common waiting area for the treatment rooms.  The selection of available treatments was also fairly impressive.. . One bonus about staying at Aria is that it has easy access to a super high-end mall (Crystals) as well as a tram between Bellagio, Crystals, and Monte Carlo.. . My experience with the staff was marred when I checked out of the hotel.  While there are numerous ways to check out--through the television, by phone, and even via text message--I wanted to get an updated copy of my hotel bill.  A couple of hours earlier I had visited the casino host office and got a good part of my hotel bill comped.  When it came time to check out, though, the charges still remained on my folio.  What really turned me off, however, was the rudeness of the hotel desk clerk who all but accused me of trying to cheat the hotel out of its money.  Doesn't she realize that she works in a Las Vegas casino, and it's not that unusual for guests to be comped items off their hotel bill?  In the end, I had no problem just paying the bill as it was because I knew the hosts office would correct it, but for the desk staff to make such a scene is unacceptable.. . CASINO. . Relatively speaking, Aria is not a very big casino.  I do like the general layout with the lower denomination games close to the front desk, moving up to higher and higher denominations, and ultimately going past the high limit slots and blackjack rooms to the far set-off baccarat room near the lobby to the Sky Suites.  During peak times, blackjack table limits were a little on the high side in my opinion--with $50 minimums for "Hit Soft 17" six-deck shoes and $100 minimums for "Stand on All 17" six-deck shoes.  There were also $25 and $50 continuous shuffler machine tables (hitting soft 17).  By mid-week and off-peak times, those continuous shufflers dropped to $15 minimums, and it was easy to find $25 minimum table with decent rules.. . The craps tables were generally at $15 minimums, topping out at $25 minimums and bottoming out at $10 minimums.  Aria did not seem very video poker friendly:  They had my favorite multiplay machine but, inexplicably, it was missing the Speed/Turbo button that makes play go faster.  I disliked it so much I ended up going over to Bellagio to play instead.  I did not spend a lot of time in the baccarat room, but the layout seemed rather nice--including little drink tables in between each of the baccarat seats.  Per the trend, Aria has the smaller "mini-bac-like" tables with computer screens instead of the the older-style fourteen person tables (which I do miss, but understand the choice).. . FOOD. . Each of the food options could warrant their own review, but I'll summarize the ones I tried:  . . - The food at the Buffet was of average quality (except the Eggs Benedict which were terrible) and below average selection/variety.  Not sure where this tandoor oven they advertise comes into play.. - Cafe Vettro was serviceable as a late night dining option.  Not sure why they refuse to put a single dish on the menu with both eggs and pancakes on the same plate.  Maybe Denny's has the intellectual property rights over that one.. - Jean Philippe Patisserie had amazing looking desserts that did not taste nearly as good as they looked.. - BARMASA was such a massive disappointment, particularly as Masa at the Time Warner Center NYC is one of my favorite restaurants on the planet.  The space is generally gloomy, and the food was just not impressive overall.. - Sirio was a decent Italian place, though one might expect something better at those prices.. . OVERALL. . Aria is a pretty solid choice for a Las Vegas resort, but my own preference would be to go for a higher-quality experience at Bellagio.  Where Aria excels vis-a-vis Bellagio is in the modern rooms.  Bellagio seems to have the edge, though, in terms of its casino and its dining options.  Aria probably has a slight edge over Wynn in my book.
After a bumpy start, we had an overall good experience. . THE GOOD: The room was great...roomy, clean, super quiet, and the most comfortable bed I've ever slept in. We were able to store our luggage w/the valet since we had a late flight. They were able to push back our check out time 'til 1 since we were going skydiving and wouldn't be back til 12. They gave my boyfriend a complimentary cocktail for his bday at Cafe Vettro.. THE BAD: We waited for over 30 minutes to get checked in, super frustrating. The line for the concierge was also ridiculously long, but there were often helpful staff members milling about who could answer general questions. The loud music at the pool was annoying, but that appears to be the case everywhere in Vegas. The $20 "resort fee" is kind of a rip off. They price gouge you on the food/drink options, but again, that's just the way it is on the strip. No coffee maker in the room. . Overall grade: B
Let's start with the check in... I do not know whether all the personnel are like this but the one that we had at the check in  counter looked like he did not even want to be there. He was also very quiet so we always had to ask him to repeat what he had said. So I was already disappointed at the check in. Finally we got to the room and of course it is standard for a good resort. The "ipad" controller was sometimes slow and if you did not know how to use it, it could have been difficult.. Some details should be noted, for example, the personnel who brought up the room service was very nice and jolly, it made breakfast enjoyable. The housekeepers too always say hi as I walk pass which is too a plus.. The bathroom though can be a bit dangerous especially with the tub and the shower in the same area, meaning that you have to step into the shower if you want out of the bathtub and for me that can be a very slippery experience. Other than that, it was an average experience. I probably will not come back since there are other hotels such as palazzo or venetian that have bigger rooms.. . Oh and btw, I heard that the pool was a problem since the sunlight was reflecting off the windows of the hotel and hitting the pool which ended up burning all the guests. They are probably going to renovate it though.
The brunch buffet on a Sunday was about $26. For an extra $5 or $10 (I can't remember the exact amount) you can have bottomless champagne, but you need to mention that when you pay. We found that vital piece of information out AFTER we paid, but the waitress was kind enough to let us in on the deal upon ordering our drinks. . . As far as atmosphere, I enjoyed the vibe. There was a lot of nice lighting, not too harsh nor too dim, perfect after a night of heavy drinking and/or gambling. The colors are soothing and there's huge windows that let you see life outside the casino/hotel. The booths are comfortable enough that my friend decided it was safe (and okay) to lay down on the un-frumpy cushions in between plates. Food is basically sectioned off by genre: seafood and sushi, breakfast, meat, dinner, Asian, desserts, etc. . . Food wise, it was OKAY, hence the 3 stars. The crabs are pre-cracked which I loved, but other than that the food was not all that special. Also, they don't serve mimosas. What!? They have champagne and orange juice, but they don't serve the two together in a glass. Several of us ended up ordering juice and poured it in our champagne glasses ourselves. (*Sidenote: If you decide to take on the self-made mimosa, it's best to use a spoon to transfer juice into the champagne if you can't pour quickly enough.) . . If you have a car or are willing to take a taxi off the strip, I suggest The M Buffet at the M Resort. If not, this place, I guess, will suffice.
I got my billing problem straightened. Nicholas DID call me back. All is resolved on that front.
I am a seasoned Vegas girl. I have been getting spoiled in Vegas since I was 13 by my parents. I am also a member of every player's club on and off the strip so I get the luxury of trying out hotels for free. I stayed at Aria for 3 nights and I spent most of the time "trying "  to get service instead of getting it.. Check in - 1 hour, room service - 1.5 hours, getting voice mail - 2 days, fixing lights in the room - 1 day, getting a muffin - 20 min, waiting for drinks - almost an hour. The staff was half asleep and with major attitude problem ( and not in a good way)  The hotel is also heavily technology dependent, so if anything goes wrong in your room or with one of their computers, you are in for a Looooong wait to reset the whole system.  The rooms are gorgeous, spacious and the tub was heaven. The bakery is another thing to die for. Be prepared to work that morning muffin off while you get to your room though. The room's tower has ONE elevator and you have to walk for what seems like a mile to get to a room there. The location of the hotel is priceless though. IT is connected to Monte Carlo hotel and to Bellagio through a free tram. If you want to walk to the MGM or Planet Hollywood, it is a short walk through the strip. I walked it all in heels, so it is a nice checked walk. The buffet at the Aria is pretty good, $43 for TWO during brunch. Good selection. Try a banana cake if you get to the buffet. I will stay at Aria again, but if I have to ever pay for it, I will get to know the manager up close and personal because the service is absolutely horrid for the money people pay. Also, beware of the taxi line. The hotel has too many exits and entrances ( which is great for getting around to other hotels and the Strip), the taxi line is only at one entrance and sometimes when the girl is late , she gets frustrated to find the right entrance for the taxi line. . There is also a mandatory resort fee of $20 -23. It pays for your newspaper, wi fi and an airline ticket printout. You are also entitled for 2 free drinks per room at their local bars. Be sure to ask for the coupon at the front desk.
35+minutes to check in at the lobby was mind-numbing. Ending up being given room with 1 king instead of 2 queens "because of expedia.com". Would have been nice of front desk lady to tell me that before I got up there though, because..... . I was given a new room right away, & went directly down to it, but the key transfer did not work. . . . I spent 25+ minutes in hall waiting for the security officer.  He did not have my 3 new keys as front desk told me he would. . . Waited in room another 15+ minutes for keys to be delivered as promised. Of course they couldn't get that right either, because only 2 arrived.. . Room was nice enought to make me forget about my 2 hour hell-acious check-in process though.. . Pools are not designed for kids. The three shallow egg-shaped pools had the boys yawning & asking to go to the Monte Carlo again. . . Buffet is a goodvalue comparable to what we saw and paid elsewhere. The gourmet dinner comes with 1/2 lobster.. . Had I not booked thru expedia I may have not had all the bad experiences I did, so I'd like to think I will give them another shot. You just can't beat the view from the all glass walls facing the strip, the modern styling, free wi-fi, and that universal remote that works just about everything in the room.. . Hotel= 5 star for adults, a little less if your bringing kids, it isn't really designed for them much other than it is less smokey that most.  They ARE smoking, the ventilation is just 5-star. Employees=2.5 star.
Overall, I enjoyed my recent stay here at Aria. . . Having a major sweet tooth, I melted at the fact that the patisserie was right next to the guest elevators, +1 star already. Finding our room was a bit puzzling. The hallways kept breaking into multiples and there were so many numbers. Why must they put the floor number as well? The room was great though, along with a spacious bathroom. I don't like the fact that everything is glass. If you're staying with family, it's time consuming to have to wait for one another to get ready. The shower head flow was great though. I'm a bit of a stickler for that considering I have long, long, hair and slow water will take forever to clean my hair! Additionally, I did not fancy the "universal remote" as much as everyone else probably did/does. I like that we can set an alarm for the curtain to open as well as for the tv to turn on to a set channel. I believe the curtains woke me up rather than the tv, so maybe I should up the volume. I was a bit disappointed by the mini-fridge. I couldn't put anything (the sweets I bought downstairs) in there! The switches in the room were a bit confusing as well (you can't tell which switch is for what) but I did like the privacy/service buttons as opposed to little door hangers. . . One of the days, we ordered room service. Why is it listed as "Wonton Noodle Soup" if there is no noodles in it? So broth, a shit load of vegetables and about two wontons? Not worth the, I believe, $22? We also ordered french toast which was extremely good; however, the soup, very disappointing... -1 star. . . Downstairs, after all the children have gone asleep, was lively. The blackjack tables were almost always full... bummer. But hey, I'm not a big gambler. But, I did enjoy the complimentary drink vouchers we were given for staying at Aria. I also like the fact that it was connected to the CityCenter. . . Although it was a nice stay, I'd rather stay at either Wynn or Cosmo.
The rooms themselves are wonderful with electronic controlled curtains that can open and close by the touch of a button. All the floors had a pleasant scent to them (almost like body spray). . I had a friend who injured himself at another hotel, and the employee sent over was much more caring and helpful than that from the other hotel. . My only complaints of my stay here were that the slot machines do NOT pay out well here. I played for about 3 hours and lost a lot. Secondly, the people who work the morning shift on the game floors were not pleasant at all. I had trouble with a machine that wouldn't print my voucher, and my service button wouldn't work. I went to the help desk, and the manner in which they spoke to me seemed like they were annoyed; not friendly at all. When I asked one of the server ladies for help, she said ok, but no help ever returned. I did not get help until about 30 mins. later when one of the managers "happened" to be walking by.  Luckily he was able to reimburse me. But yes, no pleasant morning people. . Just be aware of the drink/snack bar in your rooms. If you even move them, they will charge you. SO don't touch it!
Nice hotel, rooms are nice and elegant. Service is horrible. From checking in, checking out, restaurants, to cafes....service was horrible. The waitress at the restaurant didn't give us $9 in change and when we asked, she questioned "Oh, you want your change?" This was just one of the many horrible service experiences. Seems like they apologize for their mistakes a lot. I would prefer that the hotel I stay at doesn't make them in the first place. . . Overall, good hotel, good food, good rooms, bad service. I don't know how its ranked a 5 star hotel. It should be a 3 or 4 star hotel. If anyone is thinking about staying here, I would recommend that you check out the hotel, but stay somewhere else. One thing that was really good was the nightclub, Haze (which i highly recommend).
We stayed here on the weekend of 4th of July because we had room comps and free tickets to see the ElvisCirque Du Soleil show. The other hotels weren't taking room comps for the holiday weekend.. . I really like how this hotel is part of M Life. M Life consists of several Vegas hotels like MGM Grand, Aria, Bellagio, Luxor, and Mirage. If you go to any of these hotels, you can charge things to your room. For example, we ate at the Bellagio buffet and charged the bill to our room at Aria. Also, if you gamble at one of these hotels, sometimes you'll receive room comps for another M Life hotel.. . This hotel is very modern, but it doesn't have much character to it. Also, there's not much night life here except for Haze. I didn't check out the pool area so I can't comment on that. Don't order room service here.... way overpriced, took 45 minutes, the food sucked. Overall, not a bad hotel, but also not a fan.. . . Pros:. - Part of M Life. - Decent buffet. - Rooms have blowers in the bathrooms . - Walgreens within walking distance. - Casino area has high ceilings. - Technologically advanced rooms. - Lots of closet space. - Taxi lines are small. - Connected to a mall...although the mall seemed kinda dead. . Cons:. - Toilet area in the rooms have glass doors so it's not that private. - Doesn't have a good view of the strip. - Sterile environment. - Not much to do there. - No iPod deck in the rooms. - Curtains don't hide all the light in the morning. - Crappy room service. - Their 24 hour restaurant doesn't have that many late night options.. - Only place to do makeup is in the bathroom. Makeup mirror is attached to the wall. The rest of the room has bad lighting.
I love purple, and how this hotel is decorated in it!  One of the newer hotels with the City Center and all, but watch out for the latest Legionnaire's disease (I did stay here during that time apparently, good thing none of us got sick!).. . Ok sized room, nothing too extravagant.  They have the club Haze, which is on the smaller scale, but it was pretty fun when I went.  You get in for free for staying at Aria of course, but it's not that popular of a venue to begin with.  There was a guy making it rain that night, and yes, my friends and I had no shame in picking up those bills.. . I will say that the front desk was super slow for checking in and out-it was pretty ridiculous.  Probably the slowest service out of all the Vegas hotels I've stayed at.  They were nice, however.
This is my third time staying at aria, and the service was less than expected. I thought that since it was a fairly new hotel the staff needed a little more time to polish up, but I was wrong. The rooms are really nice, but you'd better hope you don't have to deal with staff for anything. Not only are they inattentive to your requests, but they were pretty rude to me. Next time I don't think I'll be staying here...
Penthouse Suite - Good place to be if you having a bachelor's party.  It has a bar/kitchen area and you can play your iPod.  Limo Service is nice, takes you where ever you want to go to!!
torn between the 3-4* for various reasons but its really 3.5 overall. . you walk into the lobby to check in and it smells great in that area.. loved it. my friend tried the $20 sandwich bc we were there for my bday and another occasion but it was a no go..  they brought up two plates of choc covered strawberries to make up for it though.. the choc strawberries were yummy and some of the better ones i've had in a while..we left our room for housekeeping and was bummed that they took the strawberries.. we had another full plate left to eat and was looking forward to them when we got back to our room... . room: we booked a promo that included $50 dining and $50 spa credit.. just got the standard room wo much of a view..it was high tech and kind of small but had a nice, comfy bed..the decorative blanket on top and the comforter had a stain though- grosss blehhh ackkkk. . pools: had a bunch of good sized pools and a lounge pool- liquid. . food: tried jean phillipe patisserie and used our dining credit on julian serrano for dinner. . spa/salon: wasn't able to use spa credit earlier during our stay so on check out day i rolled out bed and went down there.. i remember the fine print when we booked that we were able to use the spa credit on products.. i tried to buy some products but they wouldn't give it to me and said they normally take the credit on services.. i only had 30 min left to shower, pack, and check out so i just went back to the room
This is my millionth time coming to Vegas and my very first time staying at the Aria for a girlfriend's bachelorette party.  There were certain things I liked about the hotel and other things that slightly turned me off..... . PROS:. -Location, location, location!!! Located in the middle of the strip. -Part of City Center, one of the newer 'sites' in Vegas with buildings, attractions, and amenities to admire. -As you walk into the lobby a sight whiff of vanilla greets you as well as a rather expansive lobby and waiting area . -The casino is modern, dark, with purple plush scattered about. -room service is tasty. -well decorated, plush comfy beds. -the cabanas and the service you receive when you get a cabana is awesome: pool food was delicious; our drinks were strong; & our cabana boy was extremely attentive.  . . CONS:. -the hotel room hallways are like a mouse maze due to the 'odd' shape of the building. -their standard room is relatively small compared to other hotels I've stayed at. -you control everything (lighting, curtains, etc) from a handheld device; sounds cool in theory, but in reality especially if you're stumbling back to the room at 3am a bit tipsy, trying to remember how to turn on the lights is a pain in the ass . -an electrical port for the iphone is apparently installed in the rooms, but for whatever reason the standard iphone/ipod cord didn't work in Aria's "iphone port." We called downstairs to ask about it and was told a provided cord that would fit into the port was available, for purchase &#$!!. -bathroom is nice but have an odd set up: facuets are one hot and one cold (our particular room had issues with the water temperature); no place to hang towels/wet clothes except for the shower door; and the tub is in the shower. . This being my first time staying at the hotel I was a bit disappointed and am not sure if I'd pay to stay here again when there are so many other hotel choices along the strip.
Your top three hotels: Cosmo, Wynn, Encore... not Aria.. . Your yesterday's hotels: Venetian, MGM, Treasure, Paris, Mandalay bay.. . Your High School Years hotels: Imperial Palace, Mirage, Baily.. . Your poor days: Circus Circus, your car, LOL. . . The last time I came to LV we stayed at Mandalay Bay and after staying at Cosmo I'm spoiled... "The right amount of wrong" I was happy that we're back to luxury hotel this trip. It's my new buddy bachelor party and it was all gravy. It was so much fun. . . My restaurant ranking:. 1. Julian Serrano, 5 stars. 2. Bloosom, 4 stars. 3. Lemongrass, 3 stars. 4. Sage, 3 stars. 5. Cafe Vettro, 2 stars. 6. SkyBox, 2 stars. 7. Sweet Chill, 1 stars. . Room:. Modern design. Botton controls of curtains and lights. Press "good night" and lights are off and curtains are closed. No iPhone/iPod dock?! The TV remote sucks not very responsive.. . Bathroom has separate toilet with closed door so when my buddy dropped a bomb I don't have to fumigate the the place or shoot him up, "Holly shit, you dropped that bomb? "Bang, bang!" die bitch! I'm (sensitive to smell) I'd wait an hour after them bombs before I go in for a shower. . . I like bath tub and shower together I can see that being fun. Of course, didn't make good use of it. "It takes two to tango" and I don't dance solo... off topic again ahahahahah. I don't assume you girls get that right? Why you smiling? Oh you got it. Dam, we're on the same page again hahahah :D I only write because i have a big crush on you. You know that right?  ;). . Gambling:. . It's easier to remember where gambling games and restaurants are. I think the design concept has changed. Before it was, "let's make the place like a maze so they'll have no choice but to roam more. Some get tired and played on our slots or decided not to leave" I think now there was so much complaints and realization that people spend more money when they get their wants and needs met faster.. . Entertainment:. Haze Night club, 4 stars. Liquid pool party, - 4 stars if I can give it. You don't need to go to Silicon Valley. Liquid pool party company will bring it to you.. . In short:. . Aria is pretty on the outside but mediocre when they can get away with it. Where as with Encore, Wynn, and Cosmo it's all plush all the way..    . I think it was about $250/night on Friday and Saturday and $160 on Thursday night. . . House keeping never come in once to clean our room. This is the first. And yes, I pressed "service" button for service. We were having so much fun all day all the time that we didn't care. I do like new towel and clean room who doesn't?!
Our first visit here was only a few days after they had some CDC issues - we were later to find out. Perhaps that added to the weird.. . The front desk clerk was not very nice, I mean, technically, nice but the policies were pretty lame and she wasn't very polite about explaining them to us newbies.. . They ask you to leave a deposit equal to somewhere in the range of $125 per day pre-charged on your credit card to be able to charge anything to your room and apparently, one of the promotions they were running with a free buffet a day was tied to this deposit.  Since we were there for 6 days that was TOO much money to have tied up in one place for us so we opted not to do that. It made getting the promotion a huge pain, the cashiers at the buffet had to call the front desk each time.. . I would have likely spent much more $ if that deposit wasn't so steep. We ended up paying aswe went, which isn't good for them, that second $25 drink by the pool (granted, they're HUGE) would have seemed a lot easier to order if I was just signing a bill rather than pulling out cash or a card.. . The rooms, however, were really nice and the beds are as comfy as previously reported. Shower set up is in front of a large soaking tub, with the sinks and mirror in front, toilet to the side behind another sliding glass door. Figuring out the remote is tricky for the first day, then it's fine.. . The pool area is great though, just stay away from the one near liquid as it gets WAY TOO LOUD. I also found that by the weekend, it was too 'Jersey Shore' party central at the back pool for my liking, from about 11am and on, it was too crowded and trashy for me.. . The rest of the hotel is fine and good, the decor is a bit manic, but the stand out employees were the bell staff and the pool security guy, both of them were AWESOME.. . Still, there was an additional charge of about $30/day to use the spa area - hot/cold pools and such- since we normally stay at the Red Rock and it's included in the daily 'resort charge' this seemed lame. There's still a resort charge of $20 a day but it's just a glorified tax, it's not like it's optional.
Can't complain, overall a good stay.  There is nothing special about this place.  The rooms are comfortable, staff friendly.  I didn't really try any of the restaurants. I was a bit annoyed that they charge $35 a night for a roll away, that seems a bit high when I could have gotten a double room for an extra $30 a night.  Resort fee is lame, but all the big places include this charge.   I would stay again if I got a really great deal.
I don't know if bad customer service is a result of being one of the new hotels on the strip, but it is certainly bad at Aria.. . The front desk doesn't have one big line, it is on a first come, first served basis. I went to one of the shorter lines thinking that I scored. NOT! Apparently the couple ahead of me were having an issue with their room which took some time. I stood in line for 30 minutes (all the while seeing people who came 15 minutes after me check in before me!). . . Finally after getting up to the counter, the rep doesn't apologize for the wait, despite seeing me stand there for 30 minutes with no acknowledgment.. . We get up to the room and it's really big! Relieved that I'm finally in my room, I start taking a look at all the amenities inside. There is an Audio/Video panel that has all kinds of ports: USB, S-Video, internet, etc. There is even an iPod/iPhone input...awesome! So I get out my cable to play some music, and then I realize that the input isn't compatible with the iPod USB cable. So I look through the manuals on the table to see if I'm missing something and it doen't say.. . So I call the front desk to ask, and the girl said she doesn't know and transferred me to their IT line. The person answers and we have a very uncomfortable exchange until he realizes that I'm a guest and not an employee. At this point he said that they only assist staff and not guest issues...so I have to call the front desk again. Ugh....... . So I call, again, and I reach another person. He said that in order to use the iPod connectivity in the panel, you have to go to the gift shop and buy a proprietary cable for $15. Are you serious?! I really hope that they haven't made anything off their little scam; I can't understand how they can expect anyone to buy a cable that will probably only work at their hotel. At the Palms they have an iPod dock that comes with the room, for free! Needless to say, I was totally annoyed.. . On the bright side, their housekeeping staff is very friendly and responsive; the rooms are really big and SUPER comfortable; we had an excellent view of the Marquee as well. . . For the price, the room itself is great and the hotel is very clean and upscale. But the service leaves something to be desired for sure.. . I'm not going to write off the Aria just yet, but hopefully they don't keep this up for too long.
I attended the Verizon Developers Conference this year which was hosted at the Aria. The Aria is apart of the new "City Center" and has a very modern feel. My room was clean and with the times of technology. Everything in your room can be controlled via a remote and your TV. The lights, the curtains, the central air system and so forth. It's a very neat feature which makes you feel richer than you are. . . I have been to several resorts and casinos now in Vegas and this was certainly more pricey than than the norm; you could tell it was recently built. When it cost 30 dollars to go eat at the breakfast buffet, I think you have a problem on your hands. While the found throughout was good, the service did not always hold up. I'll go into more detail there once I start reviewing the individual restaurants within. . . My final gripe comes with the vanilla smelled perfume they constantly spray throughout the hotel. At first it smells nice, but then you quickly begin to feel ill. They are mimicking the Venetian Resort which I can't stand to stay at due to this one feature. At the Venetian it is over powering and the Aria is soon to follow.. . Overall the place is nice and modern. It's in a central location which is nice if you like to walk and check out other areas of Vegas. As I said before, I've been to Vegas several times now and this resort didn't have that "wow" factor for me. That said, I would not discourage staying here. Overall I was pleased.
The hotel is new and we had a 2 bed sky suite with strip view. the wkd we were there the hotel was very full bc EDC wkd so they were very busy. The pool area is ok however the restaurant is pretty legit
The Aria is really nice. Great services, location proximity to entertainment so your cab fare wont skyrocket, and over all the hotel is really nice.. . one of the first issues for my party weekend was the fact that the TV didnt work and the music channels didnt work how were we sposed to get our party on if the auxiliary wasnt working ya'll??? Some of our lamps were out in room 12121.. . Did we get the ghetto room?!. . The issue with the aria is the walking time to the strip and back to the hotel and casino and up to the room. It was a trek for a sandwich. EARL of sandwich of course.. . we called maintenance to fix our tv and they said it was fixed but really. It wasnt we only got auxiliary. . . So in the end we had a nice time. Everything's really cool but that electronic malfunction tablet thing really made me angry that ic ouldnt figure it out. I'm a tech geek but it was out of my hands. WAH.. . maybe next time.
I didnt stay here, but gambled here quite a bit. Very nice and spacious, but the cocktail waitresses dont come nearly enough! Didn't like the bouncers at Haze either, but love the Jean Phillipe dessert area. Very clean and posh though, great addition to the strip!
Not a huge fan of the whole City Center development.  Kinda big and cold.  You can get great rates at Aria as a result.
Maybe I shouldn't even leave a review, since I'm not Aria's typical target clientele.. . I'm not:. - A tech geek. - In my mid-twenties. - A gambler . - A huge partier, drinker or clubber. - A smoker. . Instead, I'm the kind of girl who expects plush, serene and luxurious surroundings when I pay over $200 a night for a room, even if that room happens to be in Vegas. . . What Aria is:. - Cool. - Buzzing. - Trendy. - Young. - Modern (I kept humming the Jetsons-theme). - Expensive. . What Aria is not:. - Peaceful. - Soothing. - Relaxing. . I wasn't impressed with the service, except by "Tatiana," one of the concierges. That beautiful, smiling blond woman from the Czech Republic (though no accent) could charm the pants off of even the most jaded Vegas goer. . . At check in, I got attitude when I asked the difference between the resort credit and a resort FEE credit (they are NOT the same thing). The guy looked exasperated. Are they REALLY that surprised that I didn't know the difference right away?. . I was also not impressed by the pool area., though at least it was large, with three huge pools. The music was "house techno" or "rock," which I don't really understand - some people like to chill by the pool, not bump and grind! The predominant feature - speakers everywhere - was the feature I most could have done without. Everything was crowded. Nothing was serene. . . I was not impressed by Jean Jacques or whatever it was called (the uber-expensive steakhouse). The dry-aged steak "special" was pretty good, but the sides were served in these absurdly small dishes (a tiny bowl of brussels sprouts and tiny bits of bacon, for $12?!?). And my friend's "medium rare" arrived "bloody," whereas my medium rare verged on medium. She sent hers back for more firing, but it still wasn't cooked enough. They did comp us a dessert, but my friend left really sad, and the meal had cost a fortune. . . I had some fun with the room's tech features, especially the curtains that you can program to open with the touch of a button. . . I was creeped out by the see-through toilet stall (you can see the silhouette of someone sitting on the john), though at least there was SOME partition. . . And for a high-end hotel, the toiletries were not impressive. . . "The Buffet" brunch was not bad, but for $30 you expect something totally mind-blowing. Not so here.  Though at least the crab legs were nice. (In contrast, the Wynn's buffet cost only a little more, and was really spectacular). . . All in all, I'm not sure I would stay there again, unless the rooms were significantly cheaper. Been there, done that. . . I'd rather stay at the Wynn.
I've definitely had better in Las Vegas. for what its worth, Aria is new, modern and luxurious. Every new Las Vegas hotel  always tries to take it to thenext level, but Aria doesn't quite do it.. . First off, service, service and service. For the prices they make you pay for this hotel, you would at least expect friendly service with all the staff. No smiles at all from front desk checking in. You can get a better welcoming from an automated machine. The taxi stand attendant on two occasions was super rude! Very pushy to get everyone in a taxi even if there wasn't a long line. He snapped at me and words were definitely exchanged! The dealers at the roulette and blackjack tables lack personality or excitement. Dealers at the Palazzo, Venetian, MGM and Bellagio are way more fun and enthusiastic!. . The rooms were nice and modern. I liked how the tv, music and the drapes all opened to welcome you. Comfortable beds after a long night out. . . Overall, I expected better from Aria! I should maybe stick with the Venetian or Palazzo, or better trying the Cosmopolitan next time!
I *really* wanted to love this hotel.  It was so different for Vegas.  At first take I was so smitten by the quiet, understated modern elegance of the clean lines and modern decor.  When I walked in the lobby it didn't have that "overwhelming-crazy-busy-Vegas" vibe, which was a very welcoming and relaxing feeling (esp. right after traveling).  I was pleasantly surprised by a woodsy-sweet scent in the lobby instead of cigarette smoke and that gross "up-all-night" musk.  But I was really more excited to try out this "one-touch integrated room technology" it boasts and supposedly sets it apart from the other hotels.. . But as time passed during our Vegas visit, it was just a series of "Are you serious?!" moments that led me down a path to these two an a half measly stars.. . - We requested a room away from the elevators - but they put us waaaaay at the end of the building.  Are you serious, Aria?  It was a hike.  And as you would imagine that was problematic after a long night of drinking (and in heels, no less!) LOL. . - When we got inside our room, there was no "greeting"; no lights turn on, the drapes don't open, no music welcomes us.  The tv is supposed to turn on too, to allow me to personalize my settings - but there was just a whole lot of.....Nothing.  What the heck?. . - The huzbeau fiddled with the "One-Touch" switch to open the drapes; There was no one-touch about it!  He had to keep pressing the switch because the drapes kept getting stuck.  It was such bad comedy to watch.. . - there was a gaping hole on the door to our bathroom, where a doorknob is supposed to be; where's the hardware?  Now that's just sloppy.. . The room was nice, pretty and functional bathroom, comfy bed.  I would expect this much for a 5 star hotel.  But in the end, Aria promised big but really fell short; there is a huge divergence from how I thought I'd feel after our stay. Its a really nice hotel and has a great location, but I could only give it 2.5 stars, rounded up.
I was both happy & disappointed about this hotel:. . YAY's:. . * its the freaking Aria!!!. * BATHROOM was amazing. * Their pillows, OMG their pillows ... put me to sleep in seconds. * Remote controlled, EVERYTHING!. . CONs:. . * i guess i put my expectations tooooo high for this place.  Don't get me wrong, it was a nice hotel, but the room not so much.  I was hoping for something more artsy, modern.  The lobby, the bathroom, the hotel itself felt like the Aria ... but the room, not so much :/. . Nice to have stayed here once, not sure if i'd return ... maybe if there was a good deal!
The room was really nice but I could really do without the little control panel. If I want to turn on a light I should be able to just flip a switch, not have to go through a bunch of screens. . . The smell in this whole hotel was making me sick to my stomach! Blechhh vanilla everywhere. Plus the fun Vegas vibe was definitely lacking, it was too quiet. . I had a nice stay at Aria but highly doubt I will stay here again. Too frou-frou for my taste
I enjoyed my stay at Aria. It's convenient to Crystals (the shopping mall) and it's easy enough to get to other hotels. Thumbs up for the free WiFi but certain apps on my phone didn't work with it (the connection needs a browser to load the Aria/Citycenter screen and then most things will work) The funky thing is that they forgo electrical outlets around the bed (to plug in your computer perhaps???) so the put this contractors style orange extension cord to plug your stuff into (I kid you not.). . I would have given it 4 stars had it not been for the ghetto extension cord.
The place is visually stunning. It has such a warm glow inside.. . A couple things...There is a weird aroma that is in this place. Like something attempting to cover up smoke...not sure.. . Should check it out at least.
I wanted to love Aria, I really did. Unfortunately, I just liked her. And not a strong like, just a middle of the road type like. We'd go out on a date again if she were paying and I had nothing better to do type like. But let me start at the beginning.. . Aria is a very pretty property. I guess the theme is "trees" because we saw them all over, and the overwhelming color scheme was chocolate brown. If you are sensitive to smell, be warned, the vanilla scent is pretty strong in the casino area. There is lots of art and the Christmas decorations were very pretty and matched the "tree" theme.. . We stayed over the Christmas holiday, and the casino was pretty busy, which I was pleased to see, being a local.  Check in was swift, and I requested a nicer room on a high floor.  We got 21st floor with a view of the Cosmopolitan pool, so I guess that qualifies.. . The room definitely has all of the technology bells and whistles. Wave your key over the door panel and it unlocks the door. The tv remote controls everything from the curtains to the lights to check out, and there is a panel near the bed which controls l everything in the room as well. The curtains opened and the tv played music upon your entry. At times it was a bit confusing, but we figured everything out pretty quickly.. . However, I was not in love with the layout of the room. I much preferred Vdara in terms of layout to Aria, actually. The entryway seemed to be a misuse of space, and the bathroom was a bit strange. The bathtub was enclosed in a "room" with the shower instead of having the separate shower and tub. The water closet (ie toilet room) was surprisingly large, but had a frosted door rather than a real one, so if someone was washing their hands or putting on makeup, you could see the person in the toilet area handling their...business, which was kind of icky.  There was no fan in the water closet, either.. . The bed seemed a bit too soft when I sat on it, but it actually was very comfortable. It was like sleeping on a cloud. . . Now for the bad... We left our room to do some post-holiday shopping at about 9:30am. We turned on the "service" button on the panel by the door.  As we left, we noticed that housekeeping was servicing rooms right near ours (we even spoke to them) and figured that our room would be cleaned shortly. We returned back to the room at about 4:00pm to find that our room had NOT been cleaned, which was really annoying.  I called down to housekeeping, who apologized and said they'd send someone right up.  30 minutes later, no one had come. We went downstairs to the front desk and put in another request for service. They said they'd spoken to a supervisor and would send someone up. We went back to the room, 20 more minutes, no one had come. We found a housekeeper on our floor and asked her, getting more and more annoyed. She radioed a supervisor, and FINALLY after another 15 minutes someone came to clean our room. Getting our room serviced at 6pm is a bit ridiculous, especially since we'd been gone all day!!. . Cocktail service was pretty nonexistent. I only played for about 30 minutes at a time, but never was approached by a cocktail waitress.. . The Spa, on the other hand, was absolutely wonderful. I will write a separate review for that, however. . . MGM and their resort fees...Whew! Tax and resort fees (which include free access to the gym and free Wi-Fi) totaled almost an extra $40/night. Make sure to factor that into your calculations. . . All in all, it was "fine", but I'm not going to go out of my way to visit Aria again for my next staycation.
The hotel layout and environment is nice. The rooms are well laid out, it's clean and the bed are very comfortable.  The bathroom is kind of weird especially the shower. It is not recommended for older people as the floors can be slippery. Very high tech as everything is controlled by computer. . There are a variety of restaurants to choose from. Julio Serrano specialized for TAPAS. Great food but quite pricy. Gambling are was okay... Which I did not care very much anyway.  The hallway decors for x-MAS was not very impressive... Very casual... Not eye catching compared to the other hotels.... Service was not that great... We used toiletries on our first day and left the in the bathroom. When they cleaned them, the dried and place the same ones on the bathroom counter. The gel and shampoo was almost empty therefore we did not have enough to use when we took a shower. What is up with giving a new set of toiletries? . We had requested 2 non- smoking rooms next to each other. My kids rooms stink and smells cigarettes smoke. Called and complained and they said they will deodorized it and will take an hour. 5 hours later nothing was done. They finally moved them afterI was so upset... . Overall customer service is not good at all.  They have to improve in this aspect.
Rather underwhelmed! 1st time staying here, for my 14th Anniv. It's No Palazzo! The best thing about the rm is the bathroom, very nice.  All the state of the art stuff became a little annoying.  My wife couldn't heat the room up & rested with her coat on the first few hours of our stay!  Maintenance had to come & adjust it.  I read a few more reviews which mentioned a similar problem.  For the room to be so technologically stocked, why can't I plug my phone charger near my bed?? The only electrical outlet in the room is on the desk where the tv is.  There were a lot of pools, which I'm sure is nice in the summer.  The gym is adequate & a good size for a hotel.  Location of the Aria is pretty good.  Had very poor cell phone service during our stay (AT&T)
Decided to give Aria a go for Labor Day weekend since we were comped a suite. Upon check in, I was informed the concierge actually got us a panoramic view corner suite. Big brownie points for them providing those little extras for their M.Life members. . . The hotel itself is huge so it does take a few minutes to get from A to B; being in a corner suite means you have to walk all the way to the end of each wing from the elevator but need to work off the alcohol somehow right? Our suite was nice but the windows were filthy (kind of defeat the purpose of being in a suite with a view when all you see are muddy dots). The suite also had a lingering cigarette smell even though we were on a non-smoking floor. The living area was nicely equipped two large sofas, coffee table, a working desk, a separate half bath and a mini bar area. I do like the fact that they gave us an empty fridge in addition to the mini bar. One quick note, the mini bar in most M.Life properties (Bellagio, Aria, etc etc) uses sensor technology, so if you pick something up for more than 30 seconds, whether you consume it or not, you will be charged for that item (of course you can dispute any false charges upon checkout). . . The bedroom was nice and bright; bathroom was very spacious with a tub in the corner facing the strip. Unfortunately I didn't get a chance to take advantage of that.  The suite is meant to be 920 SQ but it felt a lot smaller because the space wasn't correctly utilized. Both baths were huge but the rooms itself were small. One friend had to crash for one night and we couldn't even get a roll away bed in the living room until we moved the coffee table and part of the sectional in the entry way.. . We had great room service everyday, the staff at the hotel were very friendly and I for one, did not think the Vanilla smell was overwhelming. I might be the odd ball here but I didn't really care for the touch-screen control panel. Call me old fashioned but I don't consider walking into a room and just flick the light switch once to turn the lights on; then once again to turn it off a complicated task that I need a technology device to help me do so.. . The only thing I would say to keep in mind is that Marquee night and day club is right across the street at the Cosmo hotel and it is VERY loud. We were 15 floors up across the street but heard every single song when we were in our rooms. I was fist pumping in my sleep! It didn't bother us because we were in Vegas to party as well but if you're looking to relax then I would suggest perhaps moving over to the Bellagio or another hotel that is not within close proximity of the IT club in Vegas.. . Ps. $22 a day resort fee for access to the gym and wifi service.. . Pps. This hotel is NOT pager (or cell phone) friendly.
Working conferences, a lot of my hotel reviews are based on hotel staff and how its run. I cry a little time everytime I see the Aria come up on my schedule. The hotel is pretty nice, they don't play muzak on the soundsystem (although I hope you like the same songs being on a 24 hour rotation... Melissa Etheridge is guaranteed at 4:55 pm everyday), and the casino and conference center are condensed/easy to function spaces. The rooms are ok, but like the W hotels...sometimes are too trendy for comfort. I like how the room turns on when you walk in, but it can be a pain in the ass when you want to just turn off your lamp and instead the whole room turns off and puts you to bed. Hope you don't get a room over the Metropolitan pool unless you plan on being down on the party deck, since it can get pretty loud most nights. The connection to City Center is nice because you can get to more restaurants and coffee shops than many other Vegas hotels. . . I used the spa when I was here last, spent almost $180 on a massage, but at least my back wasn't in excruciating pain when I left. Aria does have THE most comfortable beds I have ever sleep on, but beware if you have back or neck problems (like I do). The first night, it's always a dream. The second night, I woke up every 20 minutes in near tears because it was so soft it provided no back support. Nights 3-8 I slept on the floor. Lucky for me, they also have amazing comforters so I just made myself a little pallet on the floor and curled up. Just an FYI tho, if you have back issues (you don't want to be paying $200 for that previously unnecessary massage). . . But the conference staff...holy HELL. You'd think they'd never run a big meeting in their existence, which is crap because I stay there enough to know they do. Every single time, though, you'd think it was their first time at the rodeo. Working in meeting planning, you come to have certain standards for conference hotels, and the Aria is notorious with my co-workers as having painfully subpar conference service. . . I wouldn't mind going back for my own, but I'm still crying on the inside that I'll be back there again in a few weeks for work.
Stayed in a standard two queen room at Aria. The room was clean  and the bed was wonderful. The bathroom was large with a great shower, but they could really use some better towels. The high-tech aspect of the room was a bit much and had a bit of a "laggy" feeling to it. The art and carpet in the room left a bit to be desired. The large window was about as dirty as a window could be: it was absolutely filthy.. . The key system was by far my biggest complaint. I had to visit the front desk five times for new keys, including once in the middle of the night in which they eventually had to have security let me into my room, due to them not working properly. Front desk handled the situation with class, eventually giving me a handful of keys and a food/beverage credit. Even still, being forced to sit in the hallway outside of my room at around 4am in the morning was a real drag.. . Everyone working at Aria was extremely friendly and helpful. All-around great staff; I wish I had written their names down but then again they were all impeccable. Checking in and out was a bit of a mess, there was no real order to it, with a big mass of people lining up in seemingly random fashion. Sometimes it took a long time for the front desk to answer the phone; it seemed like they were under staffed. . . Aria was built in such a way that walking anywhere takes a long time. The walk to the strip from your room is pretty long, but the walk from your room to anywhere is ludicrous. For example, the valet is next to a set of doors on the entire other side of the hotel from the front desk. The room elevators are directly in the middle. Not sure why the elevators are so far away from the front desk or why they decided to put the valet where they did.. . Overall it was a decent stay, but I found myself asking time and time again "what makes this better than TI, Planet Hollywood, or any of the other mid-range properties on the strip?" Nothing really made it jump out as a top-of-the-line place. . . P.S. The whole $20 + tax resort fee per night is incredibly shady. Just include it in the base rate instead of trying to sneak it in under our noses.
We stayed here and let me give you my candid advice... Pros. - very clean room with modern features. Cons. - the room does not have electric outlets by the bed. - the casino dealers are the most unfriendly on the strip. - the entire place is "stuffy", go next door to monte Carlo for a good time. - taxi line in the morning in 20-30min...more than any other strip hotel. . Overall, the nice room got it the 3 stars, but overall not a greet experience.
I stayed at Aria a little after it first opened. I even got proposed to here in this hotel. :) However, that's as far as my happiness goes with this hotel. . . I don't think I would ever stay here again unless it was cheap like under $110/night.Customer service here was terrible, concierge couldn't help us with club hookups or guestlists or anything of that sort. We tried tipping the customer service person when we first checked in and she wouldn't upgrade us to a larger room or a nicer room, even though she kept our $20 tip. Lame. . . I just think this hotel is very over-hyped and just glamorous looking without the proper staff. The rooms are very high tech with everything controlled by a remote control on the nightstand which was very cool. However it still would do quirky things like turn on the lights when we didn't want it to or open our blinds at odd hours. We had to call repair service to get it fixed. Also it is a little odd that the toilet is in a closet room but with clear but frosted glass doors, so you can see someone on the toilet while at the sink... it was almost pointless to have a door to the toilet if it's going to be clear yet frosted. Lame once again. But the tub was a good size, can fit two people a little tight. It was just a little oddly placed. But it was enjoyable. . . We also tried the buffet here and it was nothing to rave about, I hardly even remember it. Nothing extraordinary. . . The only plus side to this hotel is that it's walking distance to the other hotels in City Center like the Cosmopolitan and the mall which has super high end shops that I can't even afford to look inside of. But the bonus would be if Marquee was open at the time it was definitely walking distance, but unfortunately the Cosmo wasn't finished being built at the time. . . The only club we did get to go to in this area as Eve and it was lack-luster unfortunately. Even though I really wanted to love it since it is Eva Langoria's club. Also, we were able to go to Haze from here and that was also lack-luster. I wouldn't go back to either of these clubs. Too bad.
Very new and beautiful...drink service was terrible though. Needs to polish up their act to stay competitive otherwise they are going to keep bleeding money. The potential is there, just hope they find it before it is too late...
Does Aria mean = Ahhhhhh Righ(t) huh?! Because that's probably how you'd feel = all right! (I know that was lame...... please don't shoot me for that one). . . Very beautiful and extravagant! . . I didn't stay here, but just visiting the casino - amazing architecture! Especially their city-center! Lots of shops that I can hardly afford! (hence my window shopping). But hey, this place is swanky so if you've got the $$$ check this place out!. . FYI = they've got a tram that connects you to Bellagio!
Oh i've stayed here once and boy was i disappointed. The hotel here is dark  and makes me want to kill myself. Also the high-tech remote makes me want to through it across the room I think Control4 makes the equipment. The city Center is extravagant large and you are amazed by the size but inside the room is sort of sucky... IMO. . . I'm going to have to give this place another shot, but as of right now for a new casino i think i'd rather stay at Cosmo...
Biggest Pet Peeve: If you have AT&T service, your cell phone will be spotty.  It will look like you have a big signal, but nothing will work.  This happened in the rooms as well as the casino.. . I did like the location.  Walking distance to shopping, restaurants, other casinos.  The little pastry/cafe shop was conveniently located right by the elevators to the rooms. . . The rooms themselves felt big & airy with lots of natural light.  The bathroom was a little odd.  The shower & tub were separate, but in the same glass enclosure.. . Overall, the hotel felt a little worn for such a new place.  It's nice that there is wifi throughout the hotel/casino, but not sure it's worth the resort fee.
I was here just this past weekend and it was a nice stay! We got there Saturday around 11 am and was able to check in and get a room right away. We were placed on the the 5th floor and i asked if it was possible to get on a higher floor but he said we have to wait another 2 hours or more, sowe just took the room. The room was nice and roomy,lots of closet space and nice bathroom! Beds were so comfy but the room was a little dusty, you can see it on the glass counters and sink knobs. The hotel had this Vanilla scent which i didn't like but didn't bother me too much. I don't think ill stay there again unless there's a really good deal!
We spent 6 nights at Aria, as hubby's company had a conference in Vegas for a week.  While I should not be complaining because our room was upgraded, its disappointing how it all happened.. . We checked in with one of his coworkers, and there were about 30 rooms total from his company booked at the hotel, in addition to the guests to their convention also held at the hotel.. . When we got there, we were told they were completely out of nonsmoking rooms, and we'd have to stay in a smoking room.  When we objected, we were accommodated with an upgraded nonsmoking room.. . First of all, the rooms were booked several months in advance.  Second, maybe the shortage of rooms is an indicator that you should increase the number of nonsmoking floors??? Just a thought.. . The part that is MOST upsetting is that he was told "you should have called to confirm".  Really?  At an establishment this nice? When his company has THAT many rooms and a huge conference room booked?  For several weeks in advance?  Really?  He's never told this by any other hotel he travels to on a regular basis.. . The room was lovely and very clean.  The mattress was very comfortable and we slept well.  The shower floor was very slippery, so bring shower shoes if you tend to lose your footing in the bathtub.  i believe it is one slab of granite or other natural stone.. . The room is highly automated and I found it to be challenging at times to control the TV and lights.  I finally had it mastered by day 5.  It was very nice to wake up to the sound of your window treatments opening at your designated time, and looking out on the strip as you wake up.. . ****NOTE**** There is no refrigerator for your use.  It is fully-stocked and weighed.  If you even open the door, you throw off the scales and are charged for something.  Also, there is no coffee maker in the room, so plan on buying your coffee there.. . There is a way to connect your iPod to the room, but you have to supply the cables to do so.  So, bring your iPod cables from home if you want to hear your own music.  There is available music (I'm guessing Satellite?) on the TV.. . If you're staying in the hotel, they gave a discount on the Elvis Cirque Du Soliel show, which was very enjoyable.. . A lovely place, but if I'm staying on my own dime, I'm heading to Bellagio.  I can't complain much since I didn't pay for our stay.. . WI-FI is not free, and it is poor/slow.  Plan on tethering from your cell phone if you want reliable service.
Aria is very luxurious and elegant. Idk why we chose the Executive suite with the conference table. we were just a bunch of college students who wanted to play bp on it but couldn't. The table was too long! We stayed here last June 2011 and had fun. The video online was very deceiving, the room looked smaller in real life and we paid a fortune for it! Nice hotel, but our suite wasn't great. We should've settled for something below the exec suite. However, the view was amazing! It overlooked the swimming pools so the waters looked beautiful at night. The swimming pools were fun, there were 3 pools I believe. Great service. The sink was awful! The water poured out way too fast and it would get everywhere when we tried washing our hands. There wasn't really a kitchen like PH. Just a bar area and a crappy sink and small fridge. We ended up at the club Haze, it wasn't great. . . The casino was nice, my friends liked gambling at Aria. We came here another time and got great comps at the buffet. But the  buffet was terrible! Hmm, don't know if we'll be staying here again.
I was really hoping the Aria would impress me more than the 3.5 star rating it's been given.  Unfortunately, yelpers don't lie.  NOT IMPRESSED.. . The good:. -The rooms are pretty technologically savvy.  There's an iPad-like thing located on the nightstand that controls basically everything.  You can close the blinds, control the TV, and even "refresh" the room (which also puffs some smelly-goods into the bathroom!) without even leaving your bed!. -The bell-people are friendly and quick.  We had no problem getting our stuff to our room and then back to our car when we left.. . The not so good:. -The north valet guys are RUDE.  They don't direct you to where they want you to park, but then honk someone's horn when you park in the wrong spot.. -The mini fridge is completely unusable.  If you pick up an item for more than 30 seconds, you're automatically charged.  The person checking us in didn't bother to inform us, but fortunately I heard the person next to us being told, so we had no issues.  The fridge is also stuffed to the gills, so don't bother putting your own stuff in it.. -The towels are HARD.  I prefer to exfoliate with face wash, but this was a double whammy.  At least my face was nice and smooth after a double exfoliation.. -No free water bottles in the room.  Sorry, but I'm paying $25 a day in resort fees.  I think a bottle of water would be nice.. -I frequently heard the neighbors talking at 2 a.m.  The walls should be a bit thicker.  I can understand hearing someone scream, but regular talking?. -The valet people just aren't as nice as I expect.  Offer me directions, it means a lot even if I don't need them.. . Here's the deal:  If I'm paying $200 a night for a room, I expect a certain level of service and I just didn't get it here.  There was nothing WRONG with the hotel room, but the service just wasn't up to par.  Comparing to the Aria's sister hotel next door, Vdara, the Aria just didn't live up to my expectations.  The Vdara is cheaper, quieter, and smells nicer, due to it being a non-smoking, non-gaming property.  They offer two free bottles of water a day in the rooms and also offer directions every time we retrieve our car from valet.  In the future, I'll stay at Vdara.
Sad to say the ARIA is a 'try hard' modern, classy, simple, but techy hotel!  There's a wannabe iPad thing by the bed to control the TV, lights (both in the guestroom AND bathroom), curtains, etc.  You can set the alarm to turn on all the lights and open the curtains too. Now that's something i could get used to! :). . The rooms have this grand entrance when you walk in:  EVERYTHING turns on!  All the lights, the TV, and curtains are all on and open.  Fancy!  The technology in this room can be a bit challenging.. and sometimes the iPad next to the bed lags.  It would've been nice to have an outlet next to the bed to charge my phone.. . It has a romantic feel so I'd definitely recommend this place as a couples getaway destination (my king room can fit 2 people comfortably, 4 would be pushing it!)  Personally for me?  It feels so far away from everything happening in Vegas.  It's not as busy as the other casinos, and there's really nowhere to really just grab a bite - everything is sit down.. . The neat thing is there's an AV panel in the room - so you can connect your iPod/iPhone, HDMI, USB, and audio stuff - the catch?  You have to have your own cables (or you can open the weighed box on the counter they'll probably charge you like $50! lol).  So, bring your cables from home if you want to hear your own music - this was a huge disappointment for me because I have so much music on my phone and couldn't play it. . . Oh! .. and wifi is included with the daily resort fee :)  Room service staff is great, everyone was friendly - anyone that passed me in the hall seemed to follow the 10/5 rule.  The staff at the front counter could've lightened up though - when i checked in and out, they were way too serious... they should smile more :) :)  haha.. . On another note - their pool party LIQUID is super FUN!  They gave us comp champagne when we went, and the day beds are comfy!
Is the Aria nice? Absolutely!  The rooms are great, contemporary and spacious.  The view of the strip is fantastic!  Most of all I LOVED the automatic curtains and control tablet that allows you to control virtually EVERYTHING in your room.  There is a good morning setting that opens the curtains and turns on the music and there is a sexy goodnight setting that closed the curtains and turns on relaxing, sexy music.  Nice Touch!!!  The shower and bathtub set up is pretty cool too. . .  Is the Aria worth the price?? Absolutely not!  Apart from the few perks in the room this hotel really doesn't have much going for it in my opinion.  There is no food court to speak of and everywhere you can go to eat is exceptionally high priced and lacking in flavor to say the very least.  If the dining options were at least good it would be different, but the food just wasn't good.  The pool area is nice, but the cocktails are outrageously priced $32 for a 32 ounce pitcher of mojito, yikes!  Too much for a mixed drink if you ask me.. . I suppose if you are a couple and have the money to spend this place is nice, I would just recommend taking a taxi and grabbing a bite elsewhere.
After staying here a very busy weekend in December, I can honestly say that I'm a warming up a bit to the Aria.  My stay was still a solid 3 stars, but it's slowly becoming a 4.  . . Our room was a little on the smaller side, with little to no room to lounge in, but this was a standard room, not a suite.  It was modern and chic, and comfy all around. The huge bathtub was a godsend after the Vegas half marathon, but it was inside the shower, which was a bit odd to me.  The shower was fine, but was on the slippery side, and I slid at least once (luckily without falling and cracking my head open). It also didn't drain well and pooled water about an inch or 2 deep.  Meh.. . I got to know the layout of the hotel and casino pretty well by the end of the trip, and it wasn't as big as I initially thought.  Still found it a bit cold and front desk staff pretentious.  Hmmm.  On second thought, lets keep this a 3 star for now.
I should have written my review after my final check-out. The night I initially wrote the first review was in two words, SHEER HELL. The Marquis night club at the Cosmopolitan was right across the street. Woke up around midnight to the loudest music I have ever heard in my life which lasted until past 3am. I understand its Vegas but during the week there are thousands of visitors who are here on business and its not exactly the kind of night you want to have when you need to get up early the next morning. The control pad also became an issue, not following commands and many of the manual buttons on the walls did not work. Lastly, the location was fine while I was here for business and not traveling far from the hotel, but for vacation purposes, it is not in a convenient location for us.
We stayed here for our weekend trip and since there were five of us we decided to book the 2 bedroom sky suites to enjoy our spring break. We didn't exactly get to take advantage of the perks provided, but the suite wasn't quite what I had expected. If you plan on playing music from your own devices, be sure to bring your own cables from home because the kit with the cables cost $30 and good luck trying to get it to work. The bathroom and bedrooms are really nice with plenty of room. Theres a device on the side of the bed that allows you to control everything without leaving bed. The beds at this hotel was the most comfortable bed I've stayed at in all Vegas. I ended up buying two pillows to take home since it was soooo perfect. The hotel is also within walking distance to the Cosmopolitan, Vdara, and Bellagio which is nice if you plan on skipping out on driving during your stay. The hotel lobby and main floor had this musky vanilla scent that was overwhelming and gave all of us all a headache.  Overall, I think Vdara has a better deal especially since you can get the same type of room for three times less on the price; of course you'd also have to compromise on walking to another hotel to gamble.
The Aria smells like a stripper.  There is absolutely no other way to describe it.  If you have stripper friends, have spent time in strip clubs, or are a stripper yourself, you know what I mean.  That lotion that strippers wear that makes them smell delicious?  That's what the Aria smells like.  Which is great because otherwise it'd smell like an ashtray's ass.  . . My company had a conference here right around the time that the Consumer Electronics show was happening, but apparently we were lucky enough to score some rooms.   Since I barely had time to see my feet, never mind the casino, I'll try to gauge what my perceptions were:. . The good:. *Sir Mix-a-Lot sighting. *Totally electronic rooms- which confused my mother but was awesome for me.  I like a button that opens and closes the drapes and adjusts the temperature, rather than having to hunt for the drape-close thingy or thermostat. . *Neat shower/tub combo.  Alas, I was not able to take naughty advantage of it.. *The aforementioned stripper smell since it doesn't smell like an ashtray's ass.. *The staff at check-in.  Granted, I got VIP treatment, but they were pretty darn awesome and super envious of my Kate Spade bag (sample sale, natch). . *A relatively easy to navigate casino floor.  After years of working in a casino, I understand how easy it is to get lost.  This place clearly is confusing, but not as bad as some.  . . The bad:. *The fact that there are not enough Ghostbusters slot machines.. *The sheer size of getting from the guest rooms to the convention area.  It's roughly 8 miles.  I hear Eminem playing in my head.  . *The service at the hotel bar with the trees in it.  Waitress second day + busy time of day = disaster and exceptionally long wait times.. *The fact that I realized I am too old to dress like a cheap hooker and stay out until 5 a.m. . . That being said, I do love how modern this hotel is...as long as I'm not paying for it.
This review is strictly for the casino.. . Wish I could give an extra half a star but I can't :(. This place isn't quite 4 stars just because it's pretty much like any other casino, and some of the dealers seem to enjoy taking your money. No I don't get bitter when I lose money, but when a dealer takes pleasure out of it, it is kind of a punch in the face. No matter soon enough I will be drunk and numb to the pain. The extra half star I would have awarded would have to be because they are the only casino that I've seen that offer double deck blackjack where dealer stands on soft 17. My understanding is that these are better odds than most blackjack games you can find on the strip.  The only caveat to this is these tables usually have 50 dollar minimums and 100 on busy weekends. Oh well bet big to win big right?. . OH YEAH and they had 5 dollar craps tables while I was there so not too pricey all around.. . Some dealers here are actually really cool too always helping you out with getting drinks for the servers and even worry about you drinking a lot of alcohol by requesting extra water bottles which is great since they aren't cutting me off either.
The following review is my personal experience of visiting the Aria as a walk-in, not an overnight guest. I was killing time checking out the strip and doing some people watching while my sister was seeing a show at the Bellagio. . . Pros:. . + They have a really pleasant scent they spray in the front lobby area, makes for a nice aromatic first impression. + The massive waterfall fountains on the exterior are a great place to take pictures. . Cons:. . - One of the cocktail girls was quite curt in responding to a request for where the men's room/drinking fountain was (my mouth felt parched from all the smokers, seems she was only interested if you wanted to buy hard booze?). - The layout of the Aria is very confusing, and is more or less like a maze, both on the inside of the building and out. . In summary, my short visit to the Aria was underwhelming, but given I didn't stay long, nor as an overnight guest, I'll give it a passable three stars. Perhaps if a future stay in Vegas permits, they'll be able to wow me better.
Rooms were very nice! however the hotel lacks that certain "it" factor that other hotels in the area have, and the pool was very disappointing.
We stayed at the Aria Sky Suites for my wife's birthday.  I thought we we going to experience a 5 star hotel.  Unfortunately, we had a different experience.  The room was quite nice.  Clean, new, big...but still nothing completely outstanding.  My main gripe is the service.  One one think when staying in a exclusive hotel such as the Sky Suites, you would have top notch service.  What we experienced was definitely lackluster.  Slow response times, un-attentive staff, nothing to differentiate guests at the standard Aria to the Sky Suites, other than Sky Suites having a single inconvenient entry, and the hotel nickel and dimming you for EVERYTHING (except for the free super slow internet).  . . One example, while starting our birthday celebration early, we decided to get the bottle of Patron in the minibar.  $40 for the bottle...overpriced, but it is the mini bar, so it was understandable.  What really irritated me was when I called to get some lime wedges, they charged me $15 for a half of a lime, and it took them a hour to bring it to the room!!!  Come on!!  You'd think they could throw in a 50 cent lime for a small $40 bottle of tequila in a near $1000 a night room.  It's only $15, but its that idea of it all that really got to me.  They don't care about the guests, they only cared about the guest's $$$.. . Anyways, the hotel is a beautiful Vegas hotel, and its less annoying than many other hotels on the strip, but if you want a true luxury Vegas spot, just go to the Mandarin Oriental.
I was staying across the street at Dvara which doesn't have a sit down restaurant so we went to the main floor restaurant. I think they are open 24/7. We went for breakfast and the prices were not ridiculous, but my eggs Benedict was pretty bland. It needed salt & pepper and something else. It was plane hotel food, not Vegas special.. . Regarding the casino, I liked the understated decor and nature feel with rich browns.
Hummmmm, where do I start............... . If it wasn't for the Yelp Spring Break deal, I don't think I would have stayed here for around $400 a night on Friday and $600 on Saturday night.  I got a deal to stay from Thursday night to Saturday night for $177 a night, which is a steal in my opinion. . . Now with so many things to say, I'll list in bullet:. . Service:. - bell service: top notch!. - valet: fast, convenient, and parks your car inside not outside. - check-in: WAITED 30 MINUTES TO CHECK IN with only 5 people in the line, a line that was invisible . - check-in: did not even remind me that I have $50.00 to use inside the hotel!  If it wasn't the fact I REMEMBERED the afternoon before I checked out, I wouldn't have use it!           . - check-in: the manager that was standing in the back was playing with her hair the whole time while I was checking in (and had a shit face too). - check-in: very accommodating!  Won't give me highest floor, won't give me room with city view or anything. -  house maid: super nice, accommodating and makes the room super clean. . Room:. - lights were wayyyyy to dark . - new, so of course is nice. - original price you have to pay for the hotel, NOT WORTH THE MONEY. - very techy, but with such a techy room, no ipod dock.... WTF. . . . Bottom line, no deal = no stay!
Does anyone actually win at the Aria? I came out ahead at Hard Rock and Bellagio, but lost my as$ at the Aria. I don't think I saw one happy person leaving the casino.
We enjoyed our stay at Aria. The rooms are pretty futuristic, with sensors that open the shades and turn on the TV when you open the door, as well as controls that allow you to put the room to bed and wake up with the touch of a button. However, when your power goes out as ours did, it means you can't do anything, including open your blinds, so you're stuck in the pitch dark. Luckily, the maintenance man they sent was super nice and cool and told us some history about the hotel while we waited for a fix. The lobby and casino were pretty nice and felt clean and new, though the whole thing smelled strongly of vanilla (not the rooms). Decent restaurant selection (buffet was OK, and we got $100 food voucher per room for booking), and the hotel is connected by indoor walkway to the rest of Citycenter's shops and hotels. I felt like we were decently located, but it's not right in the middle of things, if that's a consideration for booking. The pool was pretty nice, but it closed SO early -- 6 p.m.! The sun wasn't down but we had to leave, and they don't have any sort of night activities out there like some of the hotels, so that was disappointing. I guess they have a club (VIP?) but that's not my scene, so I didn't check it out. Overall, I was very happy with the hotel, though it was on the pricey side, and I think for the trip we were taking, we'd have been just as fine at a lower-price-point place instead.
5 stars for the hotel & rooms.. 2 stars for horrible customer service, employees, and management.. Be sure to check your bill very carefully. They double charged me for the resort fees, charged me for an item a manager had comp'ed for us, and didn't apply the $50 credit we were promised for waiting in line 2-3 hours to check in. Room service also took anywhere from 1.25-1.75 hours the 3 times we ordered. When we checked in, one of the 2 light bulbs in our bathroom was out, so we had to wait for 'engineering' to come and fix it, which they were nice about. No late check out either, on a Tuesday! I had to beg for a 30 minute late checkout.. . The hotel, rooms, pools, views, everything is beautiful and not too tacky or gaudy like much of Vegas. Nice and quiet. But the mismanagement is too much for me to handle.
Awesome place to stay. Modern, clean, good atmosphere. Only 3 stars because of 0 water pressure in the shower and NO COFFEE POTIN THE ROOM!! Not much luck gambling here but it's close to some great places!! Would stay here again.
I can't say I actually spent alot of time personally at Aria. It was so much to see and do in Vegas but this was like the gateway to everywhere else.  Had to roll through here just to get to other destinations.  I did want to see also what was the big deal with this CITYCENTER. Alot of shops just like some others Caesars Pier shops, for instance.   This is what took all this time and money to build, I missed seeing the opening in 2009.  I then got to see the finished product in 2011.  I would definitely pass through to see this property again next time I am in the area but I would probably not stay here.. . SOME POSITIVES:. -ARIA is a huge place, seriously. -Very cool looking from the outside, building is very futuristic looking. (Glossy, THAT is a good word). -Hotel is one of the newbies on the strip so they are still getting alot of attention. -They have a nightclub right there- Haze (reviews I guess are barely decent on yelp, I didn't go there though)
I stayed here last year complimentary based on play from previous trips.  The room was nice and a pretty high floor with a good city view.  No tip required.. . Just returned from my last trip where I had to tip to get an upgrade (and was well worth it - poolside 3rd floor to city view 37th).  However the room was for my bachelor party and was unable to get a bigger room even after tipping and paying for the most expensive night.  Luckily there was only 4 of us and we managed to make it work - thank goodness for 2 sinks in the bathroom!. . I will say it is the little things that caused me to only give 3 stars.  No corkscrew opener for the wine, no ethernet cable provided for wired internet (although the wifi signal was actually strong enough unlike most hotels), the iron kept leaking and to take care of all this involved a front desk trip cuz all 3 of our room phones didnt work! We weren't even offered a change of room and they never fixed the problem.  They sure missed out on a ton of room service!. . The casino was pretty good except the only doubledeck blackjack tables were $50 minimum at all times where most others are only $25 for doubledeck.  Best place to eat is cafe vetro before 11 pm to take advantage of the full menu (french dip hint hint). . I would stay here again but only if I was given an offer.  I would not request this place after be treated so poorly as a Platinum Mlife member!
I did not stay here - I stayed at the Vdara and then too the very short walk over to get bottle service at Haze on a Saturday night and then came over to gamble and eat the next day. The hotel is stunning. Absolutely gorgeous to look at. Haze was good too, bottle services was what I expected. T-Pain was there that nights the only gripe I had about him being the DJ was that he never played a song for more than 30 seconds and then he would yell and play another - but annoying but whatever - I had a blast.
Pros:. Amazing spacious rooms. Let me check in early. I had a $500.00 resort credit so I paid nothing to stay. Buffet was amazing. . Cons:. Wireless Internet was shit at times. Waitress at the pool was rude/took forever to serve me and at one point pretty much told me to go to the bar myself cus she needed to cash out.. I was still asleep when house keeping came so I asked for new towels and although they brought them up they didnt take away the dirty ones.. . All in all I would stay here again. Nice hotel
why 3 stars?!?!!?!??!. . I stayed here last weekend, and my over all expectations of this place are just ok. Honestly, it doesn't matter what room you stay in, whether its the regular room, or a sky suite (which is where i paid an arm and 2 legs to stay in), the service is the same. Not once did I get my room cleaned, or even after i asked for extra towels or sheets did they bring these items in a timely manner. . . On my itinerary, I was offered free buffet vouchers, not once did the hotel receptionist offer those vouchers to me (which i'm ok with but it's the whole principle). . . Although the service was a little crappy, I would have to say, hands down they have THE BEST valet, and bell service EVER!!!! These guys/girls are on top of their game!!! I asked for my luggage, the bell gentleman got there in like 5 mins. Same for my car!!!! . . . . Would I stay here again? Sure why not. But do I recommend this place, ehhh.. kind of.... . p.s. if you're staying in a sky suite, take advantage of the bathroom!!!! you'll know exactly what i'm talking about!!!! hahahah!!!!
Great location for our vacation (NY NY to watch Zumanity, walking distance to MGM for Craftsteak). Price was a bit expensive but we got a great deal (110 resort credit). . . The room accomodations were plush. Probably a top 3 comfortable bed (Shangri La in Manila and the W in Seattle top my list), automatic EVERYTHING... lights, TV, curtains, that are controled through an iPad like clock.. . My only gripe is that there is no priority to getting into Haze despite being a guest. I know most Vegas hotels will give you at least a separate line or priority entrance since you are a patron... pretty lame that they don't do this, especially considering that Haze is just ok in my book but at least worth checking out.. . Overall a good experience. Oh yeah, the tables also were great if you're gambling on a budget, as i noticed a lot of 10 dollar roulette and crap tables on a Friday.
rooms are decent, but the check in process is a disaster.  the lines aren't even that long, yet it takes 30 minutes to get your keys.. . once you get to the room, it's pretty cool that you can control the curtains from your bed. the beds are really comfy too.. . however, our toilet was making noises and flushing on its own the whole day.  the sliding bathroom door was also stuck, so i couldn't close it when showering.
Oh Aria, I had such high hopes for you.. . Maybe I'm spoiled, but if a few friends and I book a suite with a name (The Panoramic Suite), I would at least expect a kinda stocked kitchen? I found...one mug. Really? Not, like, a couple plates? There goes my idea to cook...I realize we got there a little earlier than check-in time, but, uhh, previous guest's stuff still being in the fridge when we get there is a little concerning. . . Thank you for giving us a credit to use to make up for it, but I dunno, I feel like for the money we paid, we could've gotten a room somewhere with a bathroom door handle that didn't spontaneously fall off.. . As for location, Aria's a pretty sweet deal. Right there in City Center, connected to the Crystals Mall and a hop, skip, and a jump from the Cosmo. But in the end, I guess for our age demographic, there are some other places more our speed.
I stayed here for weekend in Vegas and over all had a good experience. When I first entered my room, I was impressed with the powered curtains and the modern furnishings. I also fell in love with the bed with its big fluffy pillows... it is absolutely the most comfortable bed that I have ever slept on.. . However, I did not like how we did not have a fridge to use to store drinks as the mini bar items were charged by weight and there was also a charge to store items in the fridge.. . I also had higher expectations on some of the bathroom amenities since this was a nicer hotel.   I was expecting good quality  shampoos and conditioners (especially since I didn't bring my own). The shampoo was gross and definitely did not clean my hair, so I would recommend bringing your own travel size one.. . The location of the hotel was okay, although it is on the centre of the strip, you literally have to walk 15 minutes to get anywhere (even across the street). There is also no cheap food options around here at all.. . The hotel lobby offered complimentary water bottles which was an nice touch. I also had a chance to visit the spa and it was nice, with a salt room, suana, steam room, hot tubs, hot stone room. All the staff were very friendly at Aria, and always made an effort to stop and say hello.
Aria is a very nice looking hotel, but I don't think it's one of my top favorites. It's trendy, chic, and modern like it should be. Unfortunately, I just find more cons for this particular hotel than others I've been to on the strip (i.e. Cosmo, Palazzo, Encore, Wynn). I've stayed here once before in a standard room and didn't find it to be as spacious as other rooms at other hotels on the strip. There wasn't a separate lounge area to hang out in like the newer hotels tend to do nowadays. Not only that but if you want to get out of Aria and CityCenter, it takes freakin forever to walk out of there. You have to walk out of the casino, up some stairs, up an escalator, through the mall... it's a pain in the @$$ especially in 4 inch heels. On this past trip, my friends and I wanted to go to Earl of Sandwich which is across the way at PH. I swear it took us forever to get there because we had to walk through everything. . . Their nightlife is lacking too since I don't think Haze is all that. The club is small, there isn't an open air area, and there's creepy dudes... I can't really hold that last part against them though because creepy dudes are at every club. All in all, Aria is nice... nice enough to be a top hotel in Vegas, but there's something missing to its' atmosphere. I don't know what it is, but I would rather stay at the other hotels I mentioned before.
The good: . 1. Bed and pillows are heavenly...probably the most comfortable I've ever slept on and I used to be a Starwood road warrior consultant. Hands down the best sleep I've had in my 20+ visits to Vegas.. 2. Very modern and clean room with remote controlled shades and lighting (although it could be confusing for some).. 3. Lotion and body wash smells great.. 4. Interesting dining choices, some of which are open late.. . The bad:. 1. $17 bloody mary (normal glass sized); beers $10.. 2. Water pressure is weak.. 3. Lines for check-in were a solid 30 mins.. 4. The bars/club choices are limited.. 5. Maid service didn't make it to our room before 2pm on any of the three days we were there even though we left for the pool by 9am and turned our "service please" light on when we left.. . The eh, whatever:. 1.  Tub is in the shower stall.. 2. The pools aren't very exciting; if you're looking for quiet with no people watching, this is your place.. . I'm only giving it three stars because it doesn't live up to the price for a vacation hotel. If you're in Vegas for work and just want a great place to sleep, it's perfect.
Really liked the techy rooms, but they are small. Bathroom is big and lovely, though. Service was good overall, but not 5star. Be careful, they will nickel and dime you for all add on features. We asked for a fridge but got the daily fee waived. Pools were ok. It rained one morning, and they didn't open the third pool, thus the two open, became impossibly crowded. There was lots of trash, and not much effort to clean up. . . Value was 5 star though, as we booked a good price. Loved the central location. The train is really useless, though. You walk so far to use it, you are better off walking straight to the fronts of the Monte Carlo and Bellagio hotels. . . Would stay somewhere else next time.
I want to talk about vomit bags and credit card holds. . . But first, I'll say 8pm is a ridiculously early gym and pool closing time, when you require people pay for it in a $28 per day fee for services at the hotel. The internet connection that is free might as well be non-existent. We were there for a computer conference and it was embarrassing to not have our internet working.. . Now, onto vomit bags. On three separate occasions in the evening, we saw women in nice clothing being wheeled into elevators by staff holding her head and pushing her. She was clearly over intoxicated. So what did they do? They found a red and slightly black bag, about the size of a whole foods bag, and they covered her head with it. That way when she got sick there would be a bag over her head and she wouldn't throw up anywhere. Please, please, use a back elevator for this instead of the main drag? Second, I saw one on the way out on a stretcher. They used that same silly bag to put over her head. She was dressed to kill, on a stretcher with a vomit bag over her head. This dramatically takes away from the 4-star ambiance they are aiming for.. . Now, I appreciate that the hotel needs a line of credit hold on your card to make sure you don't run up a bill. However, they put three holds on my card, $172, $933, and $344, curtailing my credit line. The piece of paper I signed when entering was for a $500 hold. They are in breach of contract, and days after leaving, the pending authorizations are still not off. This is simply unacceptable. Accounting told me we owe $112. Holding 10 times that out of my credit line is a "do not return signal for me.". . Getting a cab here is a little easier than other places. And they have pigeon benches (really). And they are central. . . But don't take things out of your minibar to cool off something of your own - they will charge you a $50 rearranging fee. Unless you want to rent a fridge for like $30 from them. This is unacceptable for a 4-star aspiring place.. . Wynn, Hard Rock, Cosmo, Caesars are all better in my opinion.
We just returned from a very disappointing visit to Aria Hotel and Resort in Las Vegas. I have a question of any Aria employee that might read this... What the heck are you folks, that run this hotel thinking anyway? . . We were invited guests, meaning we gamble too much. I just don't get it, why would a hotel this beautiful, amazing, wonderful, soothing and not to mention WAY expensive, allow such shoddy service in the housekeeping department and in the room of an invited guest to boot? . . Our first room, among other things had a dirty q-tip on the floor in the bathroom when we checked in and it was still there two days later, when we checked out. After trying to figure out why we couldn't get the room to cool down I discovered the A/C filter was so filthy and caked with dirt that the air couldn't circulate so I called the front desk to ask if they could change the filter, which by the way, after it was changed the A/C worked like magic. I would think from a energy cost savings perspective they would watch that sort of thing. The next day we had to call housekeeping to reqested they clean the room 5 hours after having the "service requested" light on in the middle of the day. . . After two days of more gambling we "achieved" Platinum status (no judgements please about the gambling) and we were upgraded to a beautiful corner suite on the 51st floor. Now this was one amazing room, views up and down the strip in all directions. But housekeepingin the suite was actually worse if you can imagine that. Now I know it's not one disgruntled employee, it is the staff of this hotel that needs a kick in the pants.. . A bobby pin was on the living room floor in plain sight when we checked in and a dust bunny was on the floor in the bathroom, and you guessed it, they were both still there three days later when we checked out. So they must not own a vaccuum cleaner. On the second day, we left the room at 10AM, turned the service light on and didn't return until 4:30PM. Yep you guessed it, the room was just as we left it. Also part of the platinum service was supposed to be turn down service, with the cute little chocolates on the bed. The first day of course that didn't happen but whatever, maybe we weren't out of the room during that time or the privacy light was on, no big deal. Day two...full disclosure here, I like the little things like turn down service in a fancy hotel...I made sure the service light was on and that we were out of the room during the time to clean it but I had to call again at 3:00PM to ask when that would happen, "right away" I was told so I left again while they cleaned the room. I came back to a clean room with 1/2 the towels as before, so I guess they ran out of towels so they only took the used ones but left no knew ones, whatever. I spent some time in the room and left again around 6:30 for dinner. Left the service light on and expected to have the bed turned down and a nice little treat when we can back at 9:00PM.... I bet you know where this is going, you're right, it was just as we left it. I called housekeeping again and asked when turn down service is performed and I was told between 6:00PM and 11:00PM. I said great I am leaving, you can come anytime, I'll be gone at least a couple of hours. I came back at Midnight and the room was once again, just as we left it. . . In a  hotel where a hot dog is $15.00 and a basic breakfast in the "cafe" is $25 (it has the feel of a cafeterria by the way, with poor lighting to enhance that feeling), this sort of stuff will doom this hotel. I am the first one to sign the praises of a job well done but I am not afraid to point out failings either. This hotel is already sort of out of the way even though it's on the strip but it sort of now has the feeling of trying too hard to be snooty or "upscale" but they are failing at the little easy stuff. They are NOT ready for the big time for sure. . . This is our second time at this hotel, the first was great, but this sort of stuff is a sign of internal struggles to me. Maybe it's poor managment or some sort of inflated self image that does not square with reality, whatever the problem is, fix it or I will  not be the only one writing bad reviews. Excuse me, I guess that is already the case.  . . Look, I work hard for my money, and I think everyone deserves a decent living wage when they work, I would not want to spend my life cleaning rooms because I know it is very hard work but if I was going to clean rooms, damn it they would perfect when I left.... and I tip. I tip a maid everyday in every hotel room I stay in, sure occasionally I have forgotten but it is never intentional and I never forgot in this hotel, until I checked out, then it was intentional. . . So please chime in everyone, is $10 a day too little, is that the problem, or is this an example of a hotel that doesn't care, or is trying to be something without a vision of what it takes to be that?
The girlfriend and I chose to stay and play at Aria Resort & Casino on our recent trip to Vegas.  We had been to Aria on a previous Vegas trip to eat at Sage and do a little gambling, but had not stayed there.  Our flight got into Vegas at 11pm on a Sunday night, so we didn't get to Aria until after midnight.  At least 6 stations at the check-in counter were manned and line to check-in was over twenty deep with guests waiting to get into their rooms.  Despite a little wait, check-in went smoothly and we got into our room by 1am.  . . Hands down, Aria has the most high-tech rooms that I've stayed in Vegas.  Upon opening the door, the room lights came on and the curtains over the floor to ceiling windows opened.  Most, if not all, essential room functions to include turning on/off lights, opening/closing the curtains, setting a wake-up alarm, and controlling the HD flat panel were controlled by a master control next to the bed.  Speaking of which, the bed and linens were among the most comfortable I've experienced in any hotel affording a very good night's sleep...what little sleep I got while in Vegas.  . . The one glaring negative about our stay at Aria was the gaming.  I play blackjack and craps; however, I wasn't feeling very excited about the blackjack and crap options at Aria.  Throughout our entire stay, the table minimums for blackjack and craps remained at $50 and $15, respectively.  Really?  Even mid-week, mid-day?  I'd hate to see what the minimums are on the weekend!  Aria did have some $25 blackjack tables, but they used the continuous shuffle machines rather than a multi-deck shoe.  I don't play that way.  Aria had the highest table minimums of any of the casinos we visited on the Strip to include the Bellagio, Venetian, Palazzo, and the Cosmopolitan.  No wonder the tables were always empty! . . So, upon final review, Aria Resort & Casino is a fine place to stay especially if you can get a discounted room rate, and a good place to dine, but for your recreational, regular joe gambler, play somewhere else.
The room was nice enough, but really needs to be cleaned better. There were hand prints on the window, some kind of splatter on the bathroom door, and the drain in the bath tub was broken. Also, housekeeping didn't make it to our room till around 4 or 5pm.  The bed is super plush, fluffy and soft. Which I liked. The pool area was alright. The water could be clearer.  The breakfast buffet was not very good.
Front desk was rude and don't know if it was because we booked through priceline but she surely changed her attitude after my husband tipped her for a better view.  However their bed is one of the BEST beds I've ever slept on if not THE BEST.  Their remote control for the room is pretty cool.  Other than that it was okay but for the price (which was a bit even by booking it through priceline) I would rather stay at the Trumph or Mandalay.
I'm here for 3 nights and my second trip to Aria. . . Pros:. Very Comfortable beds. Quiet Rooms. Sleek modern rooms and design. The rooms are great in every way. I like that you can easily hook up anything to your TV monitor - laptop, music, mobile devices, USB drives, etc.. Automatic curtain openers -- not really necessary but adds to the high-tech ambiance of the hotel.. . Cons:. Like all the other mega resorts/casinos it's a lot of walking to get to the restaurants etc.. The biggest con I had that will probably keep me from returning was the wait to check in. After traveling all day to reach the hotel I was greeted by a line as long as any you'd find at Disneyland only this one barely moved. I was exhausted and after about 20 minutes in line without moving forward asked a security guard how long the wait would be and he estimated 2 or more hours! Checked my bags with the bell hop and roamed the shops and strip for a couple hours. Returned now totally exhausted and found the line was still as long. Talking with the bell  hop I got the impression that this was common. If so, it is serious problem. Returned 2 hours later and the line was about half. Waited about 45 minutes to an hour and finally checked in. . . From that point forward the stay has been wonderful. I forgot a razor, house keeping had a free shaving kit to my room in minutes. . . Ate at Sage (excellent) and the Buffet (good). I recommend downloading the property map on line or getting a print copy at check in. For fast food take the bridge to Monte Carlo food court. Convenient and fast. Don't open the refrigerator, they warn that moving food around in there can bring on a $50 charge.. . This would be 4 or 5 stars if not for the check in debacle. If that was just an aberration then this hotel would rank as one of the best in Vegas. Though they should at least have someone going through the line and explaining the situation and offering alternatives to standing in line - like waiting in the lounge, get an electronic beeper that beeps you from your Black Jack game when your up.
The hotel is nice enough, but when we arrived there was hair on our comforter. They were very apologetic and took care of it quickly. The buffet was good. Had our names on the guest list at Haze, but arrived too late and they couldn't get us in.
One of the coolest places I've stayed in the world. When you walk in the suite and the shade in your 180-degree view room automatically opens...wow.  Pretty sure the suite was a larger square footage than some of the homes I've lived in. We upgraded for some nominally crazy, inexpensive cost. Other in our party who didn't were disappointed, but still gave a positive review of their rooms. They are all ultra modern and technologically hyped up. Trendy (all be it expensive) shops I enjoyed looking in. Did buy a great, one of a kind swim suit at a little shop there. Several dining options (all be it expensive) and easy access to other offerings throughout City Center.  I was annoyed with the thumping of the "teen" club next to the pool. It was a divine outdoor area, minus the long line into the club and girls barely dressed waiting to get in and get attention. It was truly that annoying. It may even be a topless place now. There was talk of that being the intention if it weren't for a planning and design flaw. Not aware of the validity of that or how it turned out though. But I guess it is Vegas so you should expect it.  I still prefer classy. They almost had it.
Aria is an average hotel for higher than average prices.. . Pros: . 1) The room was very nice. The 1 king bed room was big, modern, and comfortable.. 2) I loved the shower set up with the big oval tub and a separate area for shower.. 3) Casino floor doesn't have a strong cigarette smell like the other casinos.. 4) Workers were all very polite, from the cashier at Chill to the bell man.. 5) They come to turn down your beds for sleep and put chocolates on the bed. . 6) I think they have some kind of no kids policy because I barely saw any. That was nice.. . Cons. 1) I thought it was going to be closer to everything else but because it is in the back of City Center, it is actually quite an extra walk to get there. They call it the heart of City Center but it is more like the backbone, because it is not in a central location.. 2) I got a room with strip view but because of cosmopolitan (I think), most of the strip was blocked. I got a nice view of City Center and MGM and that's about it. Not as nice as the real strip view with bellagio, Paris, etc.. 3) We stored our luggage twice with the bell desk. The second time, they lost my water bottle that was in a side pocket of the bag and bent a brand new umbrella. We even told the bell desk to be careful handling the umbrella and they put a fragile sticker on it, but they still bent it! Also, it is partially my fault for putting a water bottle where it can fall out but considering this is not a cheap hotel, they should so a better job of keeping their guests' bags.. 4) They made it sound like if you move anything in the mini fridge they will charge a restocking fee of fifty bucks. We were so careful not to touch anything but at check out, they told us we were charged for the chocolate almonds. Wtf? I'm 150% sure we touched nothing. And it waseven sketchier when the front desk staff didn't even question me when I told him so. Does this happen often? Or are they trying to get away with these extra charges?. 5) $28 resort fees!? For what? . 6) their touch screen control of the room is a really cool concept, but it was jot intuitive at all. We got some good laughs out of it (couldn't get out of nighttime mode during the day!) but it should be easier to use.. . All in all, it is a beautiful hotel with great rooms but they have a lot of work to do before they become the upscale hotel they want to be. Aria did not meet.  expectations that I have when paying $180 per night for a room. I will try somewhere else next time I'm in Vegas.
I just walked through it with some people to check it out. I thought it was very stunning visually, but it was a little far to get to. I liked that it seemed to smell like vanilla, but I could see how that would bother me after awhile.. One thing that annoyed me was I played some slots and ended up with 3 or 4 cents left so I left it in the machine for another player to buy myself some karmic points. A floorperson came over to cash it out and I started to mention that I left it there and before I could get the rest out, I was told "I shouldn't get all bothered about a few cents" and she stormed off. I walked away too but notice a few minutes later that she came by and cashed it out. I wish I could have explained what I was doing. I think the best move in the future is to cash these out and give them to the homeless people on the strip...
Aria is a relatively new and nice hotel. The staffs are friendly. The casino is very straight forward and organized. I love how Jean Philippe is by the guest rooms so very convenient for breakfast, snack and coffee. . . The guest rooms hallway is super confusing. It was never-ending and it criss-cross at some point...imagine finding your room if you're drunk. . . The room is nice. I like how it's pretty automatic with the window and "service" and "private" button and all. I like how the shower is connected to the tub. Thre room is pretty clean and spacious.. . The pool is nice along with three jacuzzi. I like how you don't have to walk through the casino to get to the pool. You just have to go to the promenade floor. But it's weird, it seems like the pool is open to anyone public and not just hotel guess. . .  I like how they have a tram that's connected to Bellagio and Crystals. The Cosmopolitan is also just few minute walks away. It's super convenient!! Will definitely like to stay there again.
The perfect place to stay if you're going to Vegas for business.. . Beautiful hotel, I loved the decor and the resturants.  However I would only plan on staying here if it's for a business trip.  It's perfect for that and in fact I did see a number of people there who looked like they were there to do just that, myself included.   As far as a vaca trip goes, I'm partial to the casinos who have a great pool area and more of a resort type of feel.
I stayed here last week and overall there was nothing special about the hotel. The rooms were nice and very modern, but small for this type of hotel. When I booked the room through the hotel's VIP service I was told that we could add a rollaway bed when we checked in. There were three of us sharing a room the first night. When we got there we were told that we couldn't get the rollaway bed because the room was too small and it would be a fire hazard. That information would have been nice before I booked the room. . . The pool area was ok. It was pretty relaxing but also a little boring. The casino was just OK. It didn't seem that big. The sports betting area seemed small too. The best thing about this hotel is the location. It's basically in the middle of the strip so it's easy to get to almost any hotel on the strip without taking a cab. Overall, I've stayed at nicer hotels in Vegas for less money.
Beautiful hotel...but not much going on inside it. The staff is great, spa is very nice but with XS and Marquee being the hot spots in town, Aria has really got to step it up with the entertainment factor. The dining selection was pretty depressing too. I understand it's new and has a ways to go, I just hope it does....otherwise I loved staying here. The decor and design is a luxe-swank that exudes a more mature vegas. It felt more boutique and intimate as well, not as insanely in-your-face big like other casinos. Shopping is great. Oh, I really liked the idea of the free tram, I was too drunk to utilize it though.
I give aria 3.5 stars. . . Pros - 1) Beautiful hotel. . 2) Centrally located. . 3) Friendly people. . 4) Good food. . 5)Great shopping. . . Cons - 1) CHECK IN LINE TAKES FOREVER. I had to wait almost 45 min JUST TO EXTEND A NIGHT. And I would rather spend that time playing in the casino or shopping or whatever else. It's a bit pricey(but totally worth it in my opinion).. 2) The heater in our room didn't work either so that was a bummer. . 3) Like another reviewer mentioned in their review - "There are about 30 buttons to control the room. But, I cannot find the only one that matters : the lamp" I completely agree. When I'm stumbling drunk into my room, I don't want to have to go through all the buttons on the remote that controls the room. I just want to be able to flip a switch and all the lights will be off.
We were here for a convention that paid for the rooms (easily $300 a night) so price wise - I can't say if it was worth it or not but I can imagine.. . They're really nice spacious rooms with all the amenities you need.  The robes were fun to lounge in, the beds were soft (a bit too soft for me - and their comforters are ridiculously heavy and thick), the bathroom was pretty and set up well, and the fact that you can turn on/ off the tv and lights and open/ close the curtains with just a touch of a button was cool.  . . Not cool was the $50 they charge you just for rearranging the stuff in the mini bar.  A coke is $5.  The cost of drinking that coke would be $55.. . Ordered room service.  They forgot the fries that came with BD's steak, and my Asian chicken salad was missing dressing.  The mashed potatoes were sweeter than I've ever tasted but BD's onion soup was good.. . The hotel is HUGE.  It's a long walk anywhere (to get ice, to go to the elevators, to get out of the hotel without a taxi) but it's nice.  The gelatos by the guest elevator were delicious.  People are friendly and helpful, everyone's dressed to impress, so on and so on.  Free wi-fi, free shuttles to certain other hotel/ casinos, free ride to the parking lot where they store oversized vehicles, super close to shopping, one block from the Strip.. . I'd come here again if it's on someone else's dime, for sure :)
The room was great, clean, modern, spacious, and new.  The staff were very professional, and service was A+.  The pool area was large, and nice.  Wi-fi is included in the $28 daily resort fee.. . However, it was the rest of the hotel that left a lot to be desired.  With this being a top notch hotel, I expected more inside the hotel.  There was no major attraction at all.  The buffet is closed for remodel.  The show, a Circus Ole act, doesn't begin showing until November.  The bar/club we visited had $20 cover fee which included all you can drink.  The drinks were weaker than weak.  I would have rather paid full price for drinks that tasted like they had alcohol in them.  Total waste of $.. . For the price of this hotel, and the lack of wow factor, I think I will opt for a different hotel during my next visit.
Maybe it's because it's a Vegas establishment, but it's peculiar to me that the Aria would be considered a five star destination. It seems that professional reviewers may be a little easy with the stars in this city (AAA gives it five.). . I've been fortunate enough to have stayed at a few five star hotels in my lifetime and none of them involved long lines, unwelcoming and even rude staff, and piss poor quality meals. Having said that, for a casino hotel the Aria is a nice, though perhaps overpriced, option for those who don't mind being repeatedly reminded that you're just another one of thousands of guests who pass through its doors on a given day. To accentuate the positives, facilities really do aim to impress and the beds are quite comfortable. If you don't mind paying the extra $30 per person / per day charge, I do recommend that you check out the spa facilities. They are perhaps the only thing that lives up to a true five star billing. . . Attention to detail and great customer service are signatures of any hotel worthy of a five star rating and I believe that sheer size makes it impossible for this, or maybe even any, Vegas hotel to live up to true five star status.
I've only been to this place once to eat and see a show. The casino floor is really nice as well as the gaming areas.. . The customer service for one of their shows was horrible. All in all average newer casino.
The casino-hotel is beautiful, clean and modern. The checkin and checkout is unusually a long process. Why cant such a modern hotel have automated or TV checkout..beats me! Also watch out for the hidden "resort $25 fee" per day. Now that they  have added shows that place is packed even on a non eventful weekend. The walk to the rooms is a long one, so if you are coming back from a late night binge be sure to double check the corridor you go into, it can be a long walk back ;). The rooms are impeccable, with remote tablet controlled switches, music, curtain, lights..the geek in me was super excited. On the down side they dont refill the shampoos and lotions until they are completely empty!. . Its a 10 min ride to/from the airport, the staff is courteous. Casino part is nice, less smoked up than the other ones, just means great ventillation system.  High end tables no $5/10 tables even after 3am, but lots of new betting games which is kind of nice. ATM charges $6 for withdrawals so come prepared with the buckaroos. . . Its on the pricey side to stay/eat/bet, but if you there on someone else's dime why not!
This is our first time staying here. We loved the atmosphere in the casino so we switched to here this year. . . First impression was wow nice room. A bit on the small side but its vegas. I just stayed at the Hyatt in Nashville $200 a night this is close but no cigar. Here is why the bed and I can't stress that enough. If you are staying in a red roof motel 6 ect this would be your average bed. This is why I don't stay at these hotels. That and they are usually a little on the dirty side.  Lets get back to the bed first night laid down and the bed sagged so bad that you felt like you would slid right onto the floor. Went to front desk and they offered to switch it out. Went back last night I think they jus spun the mattress. When you spend this kind of money the mattress should be top of the line not old saggy and soft. . . The control in the room cool but not real functional. It is very slow to respond and is not very intuitive at all. It is a neat concept but for me the thing is so slow I would rather toss it out the window. Not a deal breaker for me but it is frustrating to use. I think they should look at the iPad and take some pointers. . . Overall I am not real impressed. The staff is very nice but that is the way it is at every hotel I have ever stayed at with this type of price. So what sets it apart? I haven't figured that out yet and if I can't before we leave in five days I will stay somewhere else in 2 week and in February when I come back. . . My wife says I am a hotel snob maybe she is right. I do spend a lot of time in them and mostly Wyndham or Hyatt. I don't mind paying the higher rate but when I do my expectations are higher as well. . . Bottom line if your 20 something you won't care you'll be to drunk to notice the mattress anyways. If you in your 30's or 40's and past that stage it may make a difference at the price level. Me I think I am going to try the Wynn.
I came here with 5 friends for a guys trip last November and I loved the decor. Very classy in and around the main floor. Service was just okay, nothing spectacular, as it seemed like they were a little bit understaffed. The rooms were certainly highlighted by their famous beds that are out of this world comfortable. The rest of the hotel and room details were just average, a little disappointing. Overall I would likely come back, but would rather spend the extra few bucks and stay at Cosmo right next door.
Again, it's a casino, the deco is different.  Just passing through.  I liked the vibe.  There's a lot to look at here at Aria,  It's a good place to take your guest when your doing the tourist thing.  I'm going to have to come back and explore, when I'm in the mood to really act like a tourist.
I've stayed at the Aria about 6 times now for business and pleasure. I stay because it's clean (except for my last stay...room was very dusty) and modern. . . Cons: Aria wants to cater to higher socio economic status people, tables are on the higher end. they will charge you $25 a day for maid service, even if you don't have your room cleaned.  All restaurants are overpriced (except for the Lemongrass which is the best restaurant).  expect to pay $5 for a cup of coffee.  The deli staff isn't very friendly.  The pastries look good at the deli, but be aware, they're not always fresh. you could wait up to 45 minutes just to check in and it will take about 15-20 minutes just to walk from parking to reception. If you want true luxury and don't care about the casino, stay next door at the Mandarin Oriental. I get bored with the Aria and find myself going to New York for a more relaxed fun time with more food choices. If you want to party with dancing and drinks.....go to the New York casino.  Don't stay here. . . Pros: Clean, Modern, friendly staff, good restaurants (overpriced), pretty casino. CVS is right next door. the aria train will take you to other casinos for free.  . . I think I'm going to move on from the Aria and stay somewhere else.  I just realized the Cons outweigh the Pros.
Pretty good place.  Beware of fancy control panel to turn on and off lights, open blinds, etc.  if you are not high tech it could be a problem.. . Like other places they try to "convenience" you by not providing a coffee maker in your room. They want you to go all the way to the casino to get a cup of coffee.  Since we stayed there four days we decided to buy a machine and left it for the housekeeping staff.
Aria is probably the cheapest 5-star property on the strip, averaging in the low $100s per night. However, it really does show that they dont put in as much effort as the other places on the strip such as mandarin, wynn and cosmo. . . Check in line was about 45 min, the longest I've ever had to wait. Upon arrival, the bedsheet on my bed had a giant rip in it. I dont understand how housekeeping can miss this. I called housekeeping to change the sheets, and that is the only night they provided turn-down service. So it seems like they only do it if you ask?. . Additionally, the room was very dusty, and I got a rash the following morning. Not sure if its the bed or something, but it was very unnerving. The casino floor also has poor circulation because the ceilings are low, they also don't have very many tables either. I spent most of my time gambling in bellagio.. . Their gym was clean however, and had a nice view of the pool. Other nice touches are the chocolates left at turn down and their robes are super light and comfy. Our room was on the 36th floor and we got a nice view of Tropicana road. Their curtains are electronic as well.. . Overall, it's not bad for your money but don't expect real 5-star service here. I don't think I will stay again, there are better options on the strip.
Nice hotel in terms of rooms and amenities.  Terrible service at every touchpoint.  It may have been due to CES, but it just seems too pervasive.
Such a nice place!!! Absolutely gorgeous rooms and I love the all glass windows. The bed was extremely comfortable that I fell asleep right away (or maybe it was from the alcohol...lol). Bathrooms were also amazing. I loved the whole layout of it. Everything was always so clean in the rooms. The service ladies did a nice job.. . Now, onto the not so great. When checking in, the lines were horrendous!!! I dunno if they needed a better system or whatever, but I felt like I spent half the day at the check in line instead of being able to enjoy the city. But, the service lady was nice (not sure if it makes up for being irritated with the wait though.) Then, during the stay at the hotel, my hallway was filled with smoke!! The floor I was on was definately a non smoking floor. I got so ill from the smell of it. I think management should do a better job with the policies of the place. I complained about it and all I got was a sorry. They didn't offer me anything more to make up for my allergies kicking into high gear bc of it.. . Rooms were amazing, but I dunno if I would pick this hotel again to stay at considering all the amazing hotels on the strip with less wait times and people actually following non smoking policies elsewhere.
Beautiful hotel and casino but it left a lot to be desired. First off was the check in lines, now I am normally accustomed to VIP check in at other hotels in Vegas but since this was my first time here I had to use the LOOOONNNGG check in lines that moved painfully slow. It was not until later in my stay that I realized this is an MGM property and I would have qualified for a VIP check and comp room, room reservations failed to mention they were part of the M Life program. In my opinion this place is just too big, literally took a couple minutes to get to our room after we got off the elevator. Rooms were nice with great contemporary decor. Room was clean on the surface but upon closer inspection there was a large build up of dust on several peices of furniture in the room it was obvious that housekeeping just does a quick once over while dusting. My single biggest complaint is the dark rooms, lighting was worse than terrible. They are taking this "green" thing a little too far. I will not stay here again just because of the lighting in the room. About the best thing I can say about the Aria is it probably has the best location on the strip. A few other high points were a few of their restaurants, Javiers and She by Mortons which is located in the Crystals shopping area which is part of Aria.. . I will probably not return to Aria unless I am very hard up for a room, too many other nice places on the strip that offer more for less that are just as nice or nicer.
Aria is one of the relatively new hotels and the rooms here are definitely very modern and high tech.  The bathroom was sleek and the counters/shower walls were all granite-- the shower and bathtub are connected and share the same door.  The toilet was in the same room but had its own door which was nice. . . I would have given Aria 4 stars if they actually gave me the room I wanted.  I made a reservation more than a month before my arrival and I wanted one Non-Smoking room with one King size bed.  But no, I got a Smoking room with 2 queen size beds.  I didn't mind the 2 queens but I don't smoke (and hate the smell), so I didn't appreciate that they didn't have the Non-Smoking room that I had reserved.  . . Pros:. - Upgraded/modern. - Restaurants here are great (Julian Serrano and Jean Phillipes . . Cons:. - On the end of the strip, so you need a cab to go anywhere. - No casino. - Confusing--there are multiple entrances and taxi lines
I love the way the lobby smells...a vanilla smell. Other than that it is a normal Vegas hotel.
Aria is such a dark casino. The only thing I really like about it is cool bar called Maderno.  Other than that, it's not that special.
Not worth the price! . . The customer service was not great. I was over-charged on my room upon checking in and it took them over a week to refund my money. . . The lines to check-in or out are outrageous. Turns out, you can check-out from the TV screen in your room (would have been helpful to know!). . I was here for a business trip and won't be requesting this hotel again.
I enjoyed my stay at the Aria, but I probably would have been pissed if I paid full price.  The hotel is super modern and high tech as everyone else states, but that's about it.  I definitely did not feel like I was in a 5 star hotel because I didn't experience luxury.  Our view was nice, and we were upgraded to a nice view where we could partially see the Bellagio fountains, but the room and decorations were just okay.. . The check in line was long, but our front desk person was great.  Very friendly service goes a long way when you have had a long travel day from the east coast.  The more you tip, the better service you get.. . I didn't particularly like gambling in this casino because I didn't want to go broke.  The table minimums and slot machines were kind of ridiculous per game...so we walked to some of the lower ended casinos most of  the time.. . I would stay at this hotel again if I could get another discounted rate.  Paying $28 in resort fees per day (on top of the daily rate) can add up especially if you don't use the hotel's amenities during your stay.. . 3.5 Stars!
Compared to the Wynn and Venetian, the rooms at the Aria are up to date since the property is newer but...even though I prefer high tech over old world etc...the rooms at Aria still lacked a certain feel that you expect in a 4 or 5 star property.. . With that said, I will not stay at Aria next trip and will go across the street to the Cosmopolitan.. . Also, by all means AVOID the Buffet at Aria. We unfortunately ran out of time on the days we were last in Vegas and missed the Bellagio buffet and reluctantly had to go to the overpriced Aria buffet. My daughters and I were all ill after the buffet and save for a couple of the deserts this was hands down the worst food I have had anywhere in quit some time.. . The fitness club though is quite nice and has well maintained equipment and non arrogant staff
Our first time staying in Aria and it has great location smack in the middle of City Center.  We stayed in a deluxe room which was nice and had high tech touch screen controls.  Service was good and our room was cleaned by about 1-2pm everday.  I dont know if the suites are nicer at Aria, but the deluxe room was very nice but nothing compared to less expensive suites at Vdarra just a hop and skip away.  This is a nice hotel but we wont be staying here again.
Stayed here for 3 nights, while attending the Paul Mitchell Gathering in 2012. The hotel is very nice, as well as the rooms. The beds are extremely comfortable, like sleeping on a cloud. Bathrooms are roomy and nice,(stayed with 3 other girls and we were perfectly comfortable in the double king bedroom). The view from our room was awesome you could see clear out to the deserts of Las Vegas. The location was also very nice, right in the middle of everything, and connected to the Monte' Carlo. The only thing I would have to say was a bummer is, it was one of the girls birthday's and we had ordered a "Truffle Tower" and a bottle of Reesling, the wine was good, but the so called "Truffle Tower" was about 6 pieces of chocolate, on a plate. That was a little disappointing since we did spend 90$, and not to mention it wasn't ready for delivery when we got there, and we arrived around 11:00pm. We finally got the order at about 3:00am.... But overall, the stay was great. I would definately stay in the Aria again.
Aria.. From the exterior, it is pretty obvious that Aria is a new and posh hotel. The interior was a little bit overwhelming for me. I get that it is the Lunar New Year, but I think they may have overdone it a tad bit. I wasn't a fan of the reds, oranges, and dragons. Just.. no.. . Our check in time was not too bad, we were assisted immediately. I did not try the $20 trick, but I did ask whether they have anything for a complimentary upgrade. They did, but the alternatives weren't so good.. . I signed up for the Porsche design package from the ARIA website. Basically, with that package, we will be granted a complimentary room upgrade to a King Suite with View, $75 dining credit and a porsche design goodie bag worth $100. However, we did not get our complimentary room upgrade as it was "subject to availability". I don't understand how that works, aren't hotels supposed to reserve rooms like these for the guests who signed up for a package?. . Also, my whole hotel bill came close to $500. My first night was supposed to be $149 before tax, and my second night was supposed to be $179 before tax. Tax is unavoidable so I was fine with it. We also did use up the $75 dining credit at Julian Serrano which was excellent, and had to pay the difference for our lunch. ARIA charged 13% tax on both nights, on top of that, they have something called the Resort Fee of $25. What's ridiculous is they have tax charged on this resort fee.. . Wtf is this resort fee anyways? and why is there tax charged to it?. . During check out, I was given my receipt. Close to $500. On top of that, I was charged $70 on room service later in the day, which they did not mention during check out and that I did not order. Heart attack. Literally.. . Everyone at ARIA asked how our stay was, I only could choke up an awkward smile and said "could be better."
I finally stayed at Aria recently. It was a quick trip to Vegas, but I was excited about trying something new for a change. I've stayed at many of the hotels on the strip incl Bellagio, Venetian, Palazzo, TI, Mirage, Encore, Wynn, but hadn't ventured to the city center hotels. Since a lot has already been said about Aria, I'll just quickly list out some things I remember.. . Pros:. - Very new and modern, especially the rooms. They aren't the biggest in size, but they are clean and I like the robes, texture of the bath towels (yes I'm weird), and how there are his and her closets. - Blossom restaurant was the highlight of the weekend. It's a more pricey asian restaurant, but the service, quality of food, and taste were impeccable. I would come back to Aria just to eat here again. Make sure you make reservations early though!. - Fitness room is really nice, clean, and provides free water and towels. It's a bit of a trek to get to, however.. - self parking is available. it's on the opposite side of the lobby/check-in, so if you have lots of stuff and you don't want to valet, maybe drop off the ppl/luggage first and then park (FYI - you enter the self park FROM the strip and then it will be on your left).. . Cons:. - A little dark overall. The entire casino/hotel is not very bright and airy, which can feel slightly depressing (at least to me). My favorite hotel is Encore, so if you've been to both, you know why I'm saying this.. - Our room was REALLY far from the elevator. Like almost laughable. I tried to time it once and I think it took 2 minutes to walk to the elevator. This was really annoying. I don't know if this applies to most, few, some rooms but this was bothersome to me, especially in 5 inch heels ;). - the "black out" curtains weren't actually BLACK OUT. NOOOOOOOOO. Nothing worse than waking up after a night out in Vegas to a line of bright daylight peeking through the top of your curtains. . - the curtains broke during our stay. someone came up about 30 min later to fix it, but it was still annoying. . - if you receive a resort credit, be prepared to wait to get to actually use it. whenever you use it, they need to call a special person to "approve" the credit and when we ate lunch, we had to wait 15 min b/c the person wasn't picking up the phone. if you're going to give the credit, that's nice and fine, but don't make it inconvenient to use.. - the WORST: LIGHT SWITCHES IN THE ROOM DONT WORK WELL! You have to press the buttons like 5 times to get anything to work and then they don't do what you want, green and blue lights mean something. but it was the most annoying thing i've ever seen. good idea, but horrible execution.
My fiance and i stayed at Aria for our anniversary last year and had the best time. we stayed in a corner room and had it upgraded for a bigger and better room for only $50 more. the room offers an amazing view of the strip. there is something truly special about this hotel. it is so beautiful. the hotel is also strategically located and is at the center of strip. there is so much to do at the hotel: spa, clubbing, pool, shopping... and of course great food. we will be back very soon, as a matter of fact, we already booked a room for next month
Just stayed 3 nights at the Aria Resort Hotel & Casino - beautiful decor and location, enjoyed lots of fun activities like golf, fine dining, gambling, and shopping- so the mini vacation was a hit with us.. There were a few aspects of the hotel accommodations that were surprising and should be corrected - both of our bathroom sinks would not drain with as little as hand-washing quantities of water ick. We would've mentioned it to room service..if we had ever seen her after the first day. Also, for some bizarre reason, while the bathrobes were a beautiful weight and fabric, one arm of one had been completely cut from shoulder to cuff.. You would think Laundry would've noticed that or at least whomever hung it in the closet for incoming guests..we would've asked for a replacement robe from room service, but again, she did not clean our room after the first night ... Highlights were: comfy bed and automated window drapes, Restaurants American Fish and Serrano and the British Pub too - all great food and service!
Booked a hotel- air fare package through a major airline - SW airlines and Aria hotel round trip from Dallas area- 5 days. It was made clear the total price did NOT include daily resort fee of $28 so no surprises at check- in. But I must still complain about this bogus fee that entitles the consumer to NOTHING. When will the marketing people and the tax people get together and agree that this bogus charge is a tax which I think most people would more readily accept than  a fee for which  you receive nothing of value. As so many others have said here, long lines at check- in- because of flight delays, we checked in around midnight and had lots of company. Throughout our five-day stay, no matter whether it was early morning, afternoon or late night, there were ALWAYS long lines at check- in. Maybe Aria considers this a plus- a sign that the hotel is very popular. What it translated to me as a customer was a hotel that has to be making a fortune based on room rates, restaurant pricing and casino pay- outs but isn't willing to hire enough staff to speed up check- in. The rooms were spacious enough and the beds are very comfy but they are so BROWN - decor is dark, dull and boring. The high- tech systems for turning on lights, setting room temp, opening curtains, etc are very cool but when you walk into the room for the first time at midnight, you'll find yourself patting the wall surfaces just to try to find some light so you can get inside with your bags. Not practical. I was amazed at the lack of any bath mat or safe flooring in the shower which is extremely slippery when wet. The lack of in- room coffee makers is a HUGE misstep- the closest place for morning coffee is an overpriced bakery downtairs with annoying humongous lines - a coffee and muffin will set you back $10 and there's inadequate seating. The casino isn't exceptional- too many $1 slots and the payouts on all slots suck. We enjoyed the free tram connection to Crystal Center , Bellagio and Monte Carlo but Crystal is a waste of space- nothing there except Chanel, Dior and other luxury retailers- noticed none of them had any customers. A More affordable variety of food choices would have been welcomed. Aria buffet is to be avoided- food is very average and it's overpriced compared to other hotel buffets. Atmosphere is like a high school   cafeteria. Lemongrass was the only hotel  restaurant we used- there are several but they are all overpriced. The food is great- for two with one cocktail each, no desserts, two entrees- $150 including tip.  hotel    location  is good - basically the middle of the strip. Probably would not   stay there again. Not worth the prices we paid for room or food.
Stayed at Aria for a conf 4/22/13  - 4/24. Hotel luxe is 4 stars, hotel serice is 2 stars...so 3 star avrg.. Good-The hotel is beautiful, a modern feast for the eyes in every direction. The bar justvinside the checkin has delish, fun & unique drinks. Some Vegas hotels try to reproduce an 'old world' feeling, but Aria is contemporary and luxe. Decorated periodically with florals by Kim Parker which offered some whimsical color thruout the otherwise rustically elegant high-end decor. The checkin line was a little too long for a Monday afternoon & the woman who checked me in was less than friendly. I had to ask about & pay to upgrade to a king room (with a "view") even though I had booked a standard king room 3 months ago because all they had was dbl queen rooms. The room itself was nice but the "cutesy" light switches are dumb. Theres a delay when you hit the switch and several dim/on/off options within the same switch so kinda hard to figure out. . Mastros Ocean Club right outside Aria is excellent for dinner in the treehouse and thevpiano bar singers are sooooo good, not cheesy Vegas lounge lizards.. Not so good - Showing the key to the "elevator keeper"  every single time I used the elevator is maybe ok for security but annoying and inconvenient. Id rather get a hand-stamp.Upon checkout, had to wait in another line because they printed the bill incorrectly and when I asked them to print my boarding pass (as miss unfriendly suggested when I checked in), I was told I had to go wait in another longer line at the concierge desk or go back to the business center and pay. ;( . The taxi line stand is on the complete opposite side of the hotel exit, so you have to walk the long horseshoe just to get to the line. I realize nothing is quick, cheap or easy in Vegas, but Aria's design is worse than other hotels in this regard...and the service is kind of "Motel 6" for such a lavish "money" place.
the suites are pretty nice.. but the vibe tends to attract an older crowd.. the concierge is pretty worthless.. . . i recommend the cosmo over this place.. besides.. aria's blackjack and craps tables are unlucky..
On our way from Phoenix to Reno, we decided to stop in Vegas and treat ourselves to a nice hotel since we had a extremely long journey ahead of us. I usually prefer staying at The Trump, but Aria had cheaper rates and I figured we'd try something new. Also, didn't hurt that we were so close to Earl of Sandwich! The hotel is beautiful and our room was gorgeous, but the staff appears to have some communication issues and it just got really annoying!. . The first 30 minutes we were in our room, we get a knock at the door from a maintenance worker. Apparently, someone had called in to fix the bathroom door? Umm... we didn't call and it wasn't broken. The guy checked the door and left. We were traveling with a toddler, so locking the mini fridge was super important because if you pick something up, you automatically get charged a $50 restocking fee. After several tries to lock the fridge, we call the front desk and tell them that the lock is not working. The front desk tries to lock it through the computer and it doesn't work, so they say they will send someone up to lock it manually. Maybe another 30 minutes go by and someone knocks at the door and says they are there to fix our bed... We tell the guy our bed isn't broken, but we we were told someone was coming up to fix the lock on the fridge. The guy gives us a tube of chocolates and tells us someone should be coming up. We wait in our room for 2 hours and no one shows. We called the front desk and they finally tell us that they won't be able to get someone to fix the lock until the next morning. That would have been nice to know 2 hours ago so we didn't have to wait around!. . The next morning, no one shows. As we're leaving we finally get a call informing us that they have no technicians available to fix the lock. Ok, doesn't matter anymore, but we made sure that we didn't have a bill for the snickers my son tried stealing out of there. If they would have been honest from the beginning and told us no one could fix it, that would have been ok. It was just annoying having to waste our time in our room waiting for someone who wasn't going to show up. I don't appreciate being lied to and given the run around. Honesty is the best policy :)
If the Walt Disney Concert Hall and Bellagio had a baby, it would be Aria.  It's trying to be super modern and it's a must visit.  Random art everywhere from the butterflies in the lobby to some random pyramids on the 2nd floor.. . Maybe they had too much space, but this place always seems empty because of it.  I mean, they have like 8 craps tables lined up.  plenty, i mean plenty of slot machines.. . The Buffet - Skip it.  It's not worth the price at all.  I've never been more upset about a buffet than this one.
Staying at ARIA was my first experience in Vegas, ever!  I was excited when we (my boyfriend and I) walked in.  Felt fresh and fun.  Check-in went really quickly and we were in our room in no time.  The room itself was nice.  . . There were a few downsides:. -No fan in the bathroom (would help with privacy as you can hear everything your partner is doing in there). -Not a lot of outlets (except the bathroom).  Was a game against time to keep two phones and an iPad continually charged. -No room in the fridge for personal things ($50/day charge for another fridge).  To me this is a huge issue for a place that averages 100* temps and $4+ bottles of water.  I was told not to drink Vegas water.  I did one day and paid the price.  . . My biggest issue was on my 2nd day (out of a 5 day stay) housekeeping threw away a bag of bandages, aspirin, Pepto, etc.  I had bought a large amount of items at Target to help with blisters and general sickness while on vacation.  I spent a good $40 on these items.  These items were siting in the Target bag with an empty water bottle.  When we returned to the room the afternoon of the 2nd day, there was one bandage sitting out on the counter and the rest of the bag was gone.  I was upset but felt if I talked to the front desk I could be reimbursed or comp'd some things. I talked to the front desk and was told I would get a call from somebody.  24 hours later I heard from nobody.  Called again and there was no record of my call.  Made the complaint again and was told somebody would call.  Again, no call.  The day of my check-out I called housekeeping and explained that I was checking out in 3 hours and needed resolution.  I wasn't wanting the housekeeper punished but just wanted to make them more aware of what they were throwing out.  They wanted me to file a police report against my housekeeper for theft.  Ummm....for bandages?  It was clear that they accidentally threw away the bag.  I'm sure they weren't there to steal bandages.  After arguing with them, I got a call from lost and found who wanted me to file a report on where I lost my items.  By this time, I hung up the phone on them and ignored future calls.  At check-out they comp'd our resort fees but it was frustrating that it took all of that time/effort.  . . Overall, ARIA was in a great location and was a fun hotel to stay in.  We did a lot of stuff outside of ARIA working our way up and down the strip.  Due to the insane amount of hotels/casinos on the strip, I probably wouldn't stay here again but would recommend it for other people.
This hotel has great potential but lacks attention to detail for the price. For example, the living room of my suite is 10 degrees colder than my bedroom.  Overall the staff lacks the customer service to let this hotel achieve its potential.
I ordered an amenity prior to my arrival for my 10 year anniversary to surprise my husband that was supposed to be delivered upon check in. After waiting in the room for over an hour I went down to concierge to find out what happened and they said oops they didn't deliver it did I want it now. I said just cancel it and if I still wanted it later in my stay I would reorder. But theconcierge said they couldn't cancel it and forced me to choose a time for delivery. Amenity was around $100 that I still paid for. Food was eventually delivered while we were out and sat there for hours which turned to mush and was not good. I was not impressed with this service at all. The room itself was very nice and in a great location on the strip.
Greeted by a snotty worker behind the counter when we checked in.  Informed us that if we even move an item in the snack bar or fridge, we would be charged a $50 restocking fee.  . . You can rent a fridge for $30 a night (i think the price is accurate). . Really nice rooms, great beds, awesome views.  The pools were nice too.. . Only complaints:. Extra upcharge for everything including late check-out. We ate at the Mexican place in the hotel, Javier's.  Overpriced and not good!  They did make a wonderful Jalapeno Margarita for $15!. You cannot bring your own alcohol into the pool area.  They have security checking your bags.  Major bummer if you dont plan on spending $10 per drink.. . The gym was pretty nice and it overlooks the pool area.  I did work out every day while there, so this was pretty nice.  . . Close and convenient to everything on the strip.  I would consider it to be mid-strip or central to everything.
In all of its sleek and sophisticated grandeur, the Aria represents a new Las Vegas; a crown jewel in the road to upscale norm and price markups paved by the empire of CIty Center not previously seen since the other luxury properties were erected. To suggest that the MGM folks might've outdone themselves with this one may be an understatement depending on who you're asking, but one cannot ignore the lush and contemporary flavor that the Aria brings to the city.. . The only property within the CityCenter umbrella with a casino is Aria. The floor is not as impressive as other nearby resorts, but is certainly no slouch with a decent array of machine and table games. Some folks may enjoy the sports book with its abundant sea of TVs and spacious seating area. Kudos to the casino marketing folks for keeping the promotions constant and a nod goes to the stellar staff of dealers and cocktail wait staff for keeping things classy.. . I haven't had a chance to stay in the Aria admittedly, but I am fairly familiar with their rooms, all of which are comfy, stylish, and gorgeous. The regular rooms should fare just fine for most patrons, try to score midweek room rates if you can since they're crazy pricey on the weekends (the high suites are no joke anytime during the week). Also located within the casino is a massive 3 story convention center, a major treat for those of us coming to Sin City on business. That itself is an amazing spot of the resort.. . If there is an attraction that makes the Aria worth checking out, it's the pool area. Not the Cirque du Soleil show (Elvis?) or sigh worthy nightlife, the pool deck is massive, containing a series of mini pools as well as one public pool. Unlike its CC cousin Vdara, there shouldn't be any building caused sunburns. (See here: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/travel/article-1316444/Las-Vegas-death-ray-hotel-leaves-guests-badly-burnt.html) . . On a food front, the Aria has a wide selection of distinctive eateries. The obligatory casino buffet (http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-buffet-at-aria-las-vegas-2#query:Aria%20Restaurants dubbed "The Buffet at Aria") is predictably boring and pricey, while the Aria Cafe (http://www.yelp.com/biz/aria-caf%C3%A9-las-vegas) is downright no bueno. For being one of the only dedicated Thai restaurants on the strip, Lemongrass (http://www.yelp.com/biz/lemongrass-las-vegas) isn't terrible but barMASA (http://www.yelp.com/biz/barmasa-las-vegas) is. If there were only two establishments worth mentioning, let it be the tapas friendly Julian Serrano (http://www.yelp.com/biz/julian-serrano-las-vegas) and Sage (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sage-las-vegas-2), which is not only best restaurant but easily one of the finest on the Strip.. . Like any good casino property, Aria does a solid job of keeping itself afloat with what it has. Whether or not it was worth the billion + to put together is debatable, but if the City Center is a must visit on your Vegas check list, then the Aria should be the first and last stop.
When you drive up to the main entrance, you feel like you're going to walk into paradise.  The facade with multiple water features and soaring curved glass is spectacular.  That's where the splendor ended for us, everything else about ARIA is simply just "ok".  Casino floor never really seemed crowded, even late at night. Staff is decently friendly and helpful. Here'a a little more:. . PROS. - Relatively spacious rooms that have great linens, awesome automated features (curtains, etc) always really clean (housekeeping does a great job - also really great toiletries . - More than 4,000 rooms and it was sold out while we were there, but yet it never felt terribly crowded. - Pretty central on the strip to lots of things including a tram that loops beween ARIA, Bellagio, Monte Carlo, and the Crystals (high end shopping mall). - Beautifully appointed space throughout - modern yet classic, just chic enough without being overboard - and none of that themed crap so many of the other casino/hotels have going on. - Reliable and fast valet parking ("Free" meaning included in the mandatory "Resort Fee" you pay daily). . CONS. - No in-room coffee makers. - Super sensitive automated mini-bars with sensors - if you accidentally bump something it charges to your account. - AC in rooms doesn't work all that well (especially on 115 degree days), leaving it too warm to sleep comfortably. - Pools are quite small, but do seem to have lots of seating (although the lounge chairs are all really close together). - Check in takes forever and lines seem to be never-ending. . Tons of restaurants to choose from, although most are quite pricy. If you wanted to, you could stay on the hotel premises your entire visit and never leave. . . Included in the daily $25 resort fee tacked onto your daily rate (per room, not per person), you get "access" to the pools (most of them), gym. WiFi and also "free" valet parking....but when you valet park, they never ask for your room or if you're staying, so really anyone could park for free. . . In sum, ARIA is ok, but with all of the competition in Vegas, I'd hope my dollars would go a bit further.
LOVED the hotel and staff- The only thing that could stand a bit of improvement is the check in process which was a nightmare and took way too long! A little more organization and staff could go a long way in this process.  The other thing was the cleanliness of the rooms- when we arrived there was one aria slipper in our room by the bed and a home depot plastic bag- you could tell they hadnt dusted either - Our last day there the housekeeping lady was slow to clean our room and didnt do a good job at all - I expected a little cleaner areas from a corner suite- The room itself was very nice and we would for sure stay here again - hopefully they wll read the reviews at some point and see others dissatisfaction in certain areas-
OK, from a facilities standpoint...but all tables were min of $50 on friday night...is $50 the new $25?
I was there for a design trade show and got a somehow better rate. The hotel is newer, the rooms are fully automated with some nice features, but very small. The design is ok but somehow very standard. I wasn't impressed. As far as customer service, they process thousand of requests per hour and personal service is not possible, but: 45 minutes to check in, no feather pillows, bad food, no coffee in room, no view, pool and gym closes at 8pm, and miles and miles of hallways (15 minutes walk to get a cup of coffee and 25 minutes wait at starbucks) . Last time I stayed at the Palazzio, and liked it better there. Their prices are outstanding, rooms are big and decor is more like "vegas style".
Just came back stay at the aria thought was real glitzy my room was on the 3rd floor overlooking not the drip air vent type stuff was dirty window was very pricey hotel plus snacks in the mini bar 5$OMG buy your pop at the shop they have second night they did not come in and change  sheets and towels still on floor when back around midnight see some shows will not be staying may visit and gamble did win there was right next city center looking no buying. Luv going to vegas but not happy with this place go back Monte Carlo or even try  place off the strip.
I'm VERY hit and miss on the Aria.  The upside is that we booked our rooms far out enough in advance and using Hotwire that each of our two rooms were under $100 a night.  On the other hand, there were a few things I loved and a few things I didn't love so much.... . LOVED:. . BEST.  BEDS.  EVER.  I mean.... like, EVER.. . Their casino floor is awesome.  It's pretty big and spread out, so you don't get the slot machines all up in your face all the time.  Doesn't smell like smoke, and doesn't smell like obnoxious carpet cleaner, either (I'm talking to you, Treasure Island).. . Free tram between Monte Carlo - Aria - Vdara - Bellagio.. . Room was modernized -- everything was controllable by a button on a wall, a touchpad, or the TV.. . Pools.  They have lots of them, and lots of seating all around.. . . DIDN'T LOVE SO MUCH:. . Just walking from your hotel room to the parking garage could easily take 10 minutes.  The hotel floors are so wide and long, you feel like you're walking forever just to get to the elevator bank, then you have to walk to the other side of the casino floor just to get to the parking entrance.  A bit frustating, if all you want to do is get something from or put something in your car.. . In the same vein, just walking from your room to a restaurant at the Cosmopolitan took FOREVER, even though the hotels are almost right next door to each other.  It just felt like Aria was tucked away, really hard to access from other parts on the strip.. . Bathtub & shower combo.  I get it, it's practical.  Just felt weird to take a bath enclosed in a shower.  Hmmmmm.. . The closet doors slam shut pretty loudly because they are heavily magnetized.  Didn't want to hear that at 4am from other rooms.. . Other than that, would visit again if the price was right, but I wouldn't mind paying a bit extra for a slightly worse room, located in the heart of it all.
Aria is really modern, kind of too much. It felt a little jetson's style. Everything in the room is automatic and controlled by a master touch pad. Kind of obnoxious because there are delays or misalignment with the pad sometimes where you think you're pressing one thing but something else goes, or the volume or channels get stuck and won't change. It was pretty annoying. . . Ok here's the real reason I came to review the hotel though: for a big, fancy, expensive resort, you'd think the front desk would answer your phone calls. I called 3 times and in total I spent 22 minutes waiting on hold before hanging up. No one ever answered any of my attempts. My brother in law said he had the exact same experience. None of us ever made a successful call to the front desk the whole stay. Pretty pathetic, if you ask me. Oh and it was at all different times of day. Not just during checkout hours or something where it would be more understandable. . . Room service was really fast and the menu is reasonable. Pizza was good and really big. . . The beds are comfortable.. . Oh! And this part was really stupid I think. The mini fridge is FULL of mini bar stuff. There is absolutely no space left for anything you may need to put in the fridge. My sister in law had to remove an expensive bottle of wine to make space for her baby's formula. Kind of lame. Oh and forget about bringing home leftovers or doing any reheating- no microwave in the room and again, no room for anything else in the fridge. Oh and the whole thing has scales under the minibar stuff so it charges if you remove something for more than 30 seconds. So you can't even take things out to make space and put them back later. . . Overall, this hotel has a lot of nice features in theory but not in practice. And for God's sake, get more front desk staff!!
My friend and I stayed at Aria during the Labor Day weekend.  The lobby decor is modern and contemporary, and the casino doesn't smell like Flamingo or Excalibur (you know that smell).  I know Vegas hotels are huge, but the Aria parking structure is at one end and the hotel lobby is at the other end, and it took us FOREVER to walk between the two.   All was forgotten when the hotel rep upgraded our room to a suite for free.  The view of our room was amazing, the pillows were so soft (one of those that you head sinks into them gently and when you remove your head, they pop right back up on their own immediately), the high-tech curtains were so fun to play with, the bar soap smelled so good I had to take them home, and oh, did I say the pillows were really soft?  I had to keep reminding my drunk friend DO NOT TOUCH the snack bar because I am not paying like $20 for a bottle of water.  Everything was wonderful, except our internet was not working.  The first time we called, we were put on hold for at least 15 minutes listening to their annoying promos, then we gave up.  We called the next day and were put on hold for another 10 minutes.   C'mon guys, we didn't pay $28 of daily resort fee to be treated like calling Comcast customer service.. . We had wanted to come and use the pools, but ended up spending our time hanging out elsewhere, so can't comment on them.   We did try the buffet.  I don't know, for $100 for two people, I didn't think it was worth it.  It was at best average.  Everything was dried and not every fresh. The stir fry tofu had no tofu in it and the shrimp fried rice had no shrimp in it.  But the sliced cantaloupe was really sweet.   . . Overall, it was a nice stay, but only three stars.
Great hotel and casino... bitchy waitress chicks. I'm pretty sure there was no alcohol at all in half my drinks.
I stayed here with my gf for 3 nights room 17008. 09-05 thru the 8. I would love to stay here again. But even tho I had my service light on every time we're not in the room between 10AM-4 it hasn't never been any cleaning since we've stayed there. Either that that. Everything was super great. . . Try the aria cafe. Nachos is gonna hit the spot.. . Don't wait in line to checkout. You can do that on the programs on the tv.. . Gym- make sure you wear shoes cause people got kicked out for wearing slippers.. . The buffet- AVOID IT!!!! Not worth it even tho you have a $60 credit from aria. Got me spending $18 that isn't worth it.
Stayed here over the past weekend (9/6 to 9/9) with pretty good room rates considering it was the weekend after labor day. I tried the $20 sandwich trick for complimentary upgrades before checking it but they said the hotel was completely booked so I kept my deluxe room on the 30th floor.  . . The Good - The hotel itself is beautiful and is very modern. I personally enjoyed the remote control to the entire room but I can see why people would complain since it is attached by a wire so really only the person sleeping on the bed side with the remote can use it and sometimes the remote is unresponsive. . . The Bad - Unfortunately, I was the lucky one that had such a horrible first time at Aria. When I first got to the room, it initially looked great but when I checked the toilet it was backed up with sewage and smelled horrible (pictures attached). I had requested a room on a high floor but since I had to move, they could only move me to the 7th floor which I felt was unacceptable so they released a room to us on the 24th floor and gave us $100 resort credit ($50 initially but we had argued that we had gotten in late and this whole moving around room situation was wasting our time). . We were placed next to a bachelorette party and I'm not complaining about the party (because let's face it, we are in Vegas) but they were pretty loud so I asked to be moved the next morning, in which I got a city view back on the 30th floor which I honestly don't think it's worth the extra money. . . Some people have also stated that the aria entrance is quite a walk to the Strip, which it is so you should walk  through Crystals to the strip or you can take the tram that takes you to either Bellagio or Monte Carlo. Besides the little mishaps though, I thought everything else about Aria was fine and would most likely stay again if I had a good deal or cheap rates.
I stayed here three times in 2011 and would've given it 4 or 5 stars then.  Rooms were super clean, modern, and nicely appointed, rates were on the lower side, the casino actually smelled good, and it was conveniently located right next door to the hotel where the Jabbawockeez show used to be (and which I saw each of the times I stayed at Aria).  Can't forget, it's where I met my favorite makeup artist when she was still working at the hotel's salon!  Fast forward two years later and things have gone downhill.  . . We forgot to request a higher floor when we made our reservation and they didn't bother to ask us if we preferred a higher or lower floor upon check-in.  We were given a room on the lowest floor possible with a view of nothing.  Actually we did have a view of a dead bird right outside our window on the last day of our stay :/. . Once we reached our room we weren't sure if there were occupants inside as there was a fruit tart sitting right outside the door and the service light was lit up.  However, once inside we saw that it was unoccupied.  It was disappointing to discover though that there was trash not only outside our room but inside as well.  Next to the night stand was a crumpled up piece of paper or tissue.  Also, on the bathroom counter were a couple of short hairs left behind.  . . The casino used to actually smell pretty good but they've changed the ventilation system and on social media sites they boast that the casino smells better than ever with the smoke rising up and out.  In actuality the casino smells smokier than ever so I have no idea what they're talking about!  . . Some good things about the hotel:. - They've got the restaurant Javier's which is really good!. - There is a tram that you can use to get to Bellagio.  (For the quickest route walk to Monte Carlo and hop on the tram there to Bellagio). - Rooms and bathrooms are spacious (plenty of room for my giant-sized toiletries!). - Convenient if you plan on shopping/eating at Crystals or eating/seeing a show at Monte Carlo. . One of my top choices a couple of years ago, but especially with the Jabbawockeez having moved down the Strip, not so much anymore.
I've stayed at the Aria a couple times this year with a group of close friends. It was clean, comfy and modern with outlets, towels, mirrors, and lights in all the right places. Beds are soft...so soft. Rooms were a bit cold and adjusting the thermostat didn't work, so we just turned off the AC.  . . Within the first half hour of my Aria Experience: Round Two, I have to say--no, I did not feel like a valued guest. But overall, I will say that Aria is a good resort. 3.5 stars. Just beware of rude Front Desk staff. . . On to better things! I thought the Concierge, Housekeeping and Bell Hop services were fantastic. Very friendly and helpful people. We said hi to each other in the halls. Concierge gave me a tip about the quickest route to the airport and told me that my flight had been delayed almost two hours. I was grateful for the extra time to have fun in Vegas (ended up with an amazing experience during that time!) and not waiting in an airport. I think the Concierge employee's name is Analyn. . . Didn't check out the pools much but there were cozy jacuzzis in peaceful, semi-enclosed areas.The jacuzzis did smell a little strong, like bleach, but the temperatures were wonderfully hot. . . I recommend the Aria Spa, Julian Serrano, Sage, and Jean Philippe Patisserie, all inside the hotel. Great food, great service. . . Great location too. Plenty of shops and restaurants around the resort. A nice and handy Walgreens and the amazing Earl's Sandwiches nearby.. . From here on out, My Front Desk Experience: . . I called the Front Desk to change rooms because my room was far removed from the other half of my group (a matter of traveling up and down to get to the right elevators). The Front Desk employee was a little curt at one point, but it was iHeartRadio weekend and honestly, I understood that they were well-booked when I was told no non-smoking rooms were available. When I called again for smoking room availability, within fifteen seconds, the Front Desk employee cut me off mid-sentence with muzak. I was suddenly talking to pleasant music but did not find myself in a pleasant mood. They did this again two or three times. I was confused at the unfriendly treatment. There was no line when I was in the lobby not fifteen minutes ago, so lack of courtesy from being busy wasn't the issue. I was patient, wasn't expecting VIP treatment, didn't moan and complain to get free stuff, and didn't press the issue when I was told there were no rooms available. I ended the call in a worst state than I started in--still stuck on a floor far removed from the party room (noo!) and snubbed by Front Desk staff. . . We would only be there for only a couple of nights and time was very short for two big birthday celebrations. There were more important things to worry about. (Vegas, baby!)
One of the "newer" hotel casino resorts on the strip so it's fairly nice and upscale.  Walked through the casino floor and most tables were $50 or $100 minimum.  Yeah baby high roller.  Didn't spend too much time walking around.  Plus side is they have Sage in the building which is delicious and swanky.  Other than that I didn't like playing here.  It's very 007 which is cool but still didn't like playing here.
First impressions..Looks:massive and stylish ...service: 4004 rooms and 7 check-in attendants waiting in line like a Disney e ticket back in the old days some of the glitter removed...I now understand why Vegas went to the more Family way of Fun because slots are not any Fun Anymore.. . Money in paper voucher out..There was nothing like the sound of alarms and Sirens going off when someone won $50 in penny's, Nickles, Quarters or whatever, the sounds made Vegas, now it is little more than a Dumb Game to throw money away.. . Like me putting $40 dollars into my X-Box and 20 mins later money is gone and fun was done.. . Not a big fan of Vegas as gambling will check out the sights next time.. . If you are hooked on gambling it won't matter to you, for me it WAS entertainment.. . The Housekeeping staff here is the friendliest and most professional and consistently so,. . The room was nice but the Computer Controlled items through the TV was torturous and clunky, too many buttons to push to do what needed to be done, I guess if  I were living there for a month or 2 I would get used to is but..... . Front Desk staff has the warmth and personality of robotic Clones....No Warm Smile, they look like they despise their jobs although there was one young lady (Heavy set) at the head of the check in line who stood out, She smiled personally directed you to the front desk attendants, pleasant and tried to make pleasantries as you waited. The young lady with the accent not so much.. . The view was nice from our Room.
I don't gamble much anymore, but when friends come into town for conventions and such, I usually meet them at their hotel on the Strip. This time, they stayed at the Aria for 4 days, so I got to see a lot of the hotel and experience different things. . The casino itself was very nice indeed, This was late Wed - early Thursday, and the casino was probably at 15% capacity, so we could easily jump from game to game, table to table, and the table limits were low ($10 blackjack, roulette, and craps). The machines still cost much more to play (25 cent slots) than locals' casinos cost (nickel and penny slots). But the dealers and waitresses did their jobs great, and the overall atmosphere was very relaxed.. We went to a few different restaurants, and the food was good, but way too expensive for me to eat there more than once a year (breakfast was $25/head , lunch $40/head, and dinner was $100+/head). But that's how all the Strip casinos are, so I can't fault them for that.. My friends were in suites, so they had room for me to crash. The rooms were nice, mainly for the fact that they weren't overly glitzy. Just a regular kitchenette, dining room, living room, bedroom, and bath. There was one thing that was strange, in comparison to other hotel rooms. We could hear the people talking in the room next to ours, even though they weren't talking very loud. We could hear almost every word. and they could hear us, for sure. There were 5 or 6 of us just hanging out talking. It wasn't even midnight, and we got security called on us twice telling us to keep it down. The walls much be paper thin.. Overall, a good time.
We decided to walk through several Vegas hotels during this trip.  This hotel is VERY modern.  Lots and lots of gold, but I really didn't feel like it was all that AWE INSPIRING.  Well, it IS, but it's not VEGAS.  It's a very very nice hotel with an upscale feel.  It's very calm.  Why go to Vegas if you want quiet and calm?. . Eh...just ok.
I stayed there for a business trip last weekend (arrived Friday October 18 - Sunday October 21, 2013). The hotel is beautiful, very large, and pleasant. . . The staff could not have been nicer. Check in was easy, and the information given was easily understood and relevant to my stay. . . Trip to the room required a walk through the casino.  This is the norm for Vegas, but I hate walking through the smoke to get to the elevators. . . The hotel has one central bank of elevators, and the floors are huge. Took a few minutes to walk to my room from the elevator once I reached my floor.. . The room was a good size.  When I started to unpack, the drawer in the bathroom has used q-tips, hair band and wooden pencil in it.  This was unpleasant. I called housekeeping, told them, went to the gym, and they had cleaned it up by the time I returned.. . The gym is very nice.  Lots of machines, water, fruit, headphones etc..  It overlooks the pool area and each machine has a television attached.. . When I went back to my room to go to bed, pulling the covers, I had hair in my bed.  Many pieces, dark and long, and the sheet was tattered. I again called housekeeping, and they came up in a about 10 minutes and changed the linens. They were very nice and quick, even doing turn down service.. . Food at the restaurants was very good as was the catered food at my meeting.  Meeting room was very large, spacious, and the sound system worked well.. . Check out was easy, did this via the TV in my room.  . . Given the 2 problems with my room, I would have liked a manager to call, leave a message or note apologizing for my room, or an offer to change rooms, get a drink, something. No one contacted me, making me think the cleanliness of there rooms is a common problem.. . This is worth staying at, just check your room carefully, and do not expect any interaction with management if you have a problem
The Aria has hands down the worst checkin line in Vegas.  I've never seen anything like it.  For a 4,000 room hotel, they need more people manning the checkin counter.  It's the first thing you experience when visiting and it leaves a lasting impression if you have to wait 30+ minutes to check in.   . . Other than the checkin line, the rooms are nice and the proximity to the new mall is very convenient for high end shopping and general people watching.  . . The restaurant selection within the hotel is great too.  Sage is one of my top 10 restaurant experiences ever.. . Fix the checkin line MGM!!!
Stayed at Aria for 4 nights. Room on 24th floor facing the pool.. . Good:  Room nice overall and the electronics worked for us (but friends had to call for service). Liked the "goodnight" button--just pressed it at night and all the lights turned off and the curtains closed. Hotel was quiet with upper-class clientele with any rowdy clubbers downstairs and unseen at Haze. Elevators were fast. Very comfy bed and pillows. I liked that there were 3 bars initially--but they were just average and we ended up not using any of them really. Loved Jean-Philippe and Five50 but didn't eat anywhere else. Gym and spa nice with bottled water. We were given so many towels on arrival, we didn't use housekeeping the entire stay.. . Not so good: Significant billing issue resolved and we were credited and the resort fees removed but still a nuisance. $50 charge to store anything in mini-bar. Have to login to Wi-Fi every time used. Remote to TV very hard to use. Room was dark without curtains open. Bath towels very scratchy. Spa is small and when crowded not appealing--call first. Only one full-service breakfast option besides buffet.  You won't get a room before 2:00 pm.. . Really bad:  Drinks at pool terrible as well as expensive.  Pushy bellman practically asked for a tip outright when stored our bags.  Front desk inept.. . Weird:  The tub is in the shower.  WTH?. . Overall, Aria is certainly an OK hotel but from all the reviews, I expected more. I prefer the bright opulent decor of Wynn and would choose Encore again over Aria.
We arrived on a Saturday & they allowed us to check-in early. The receptionist acknowledged we were on our honeymoon, so she upgraded our room to a city view for free! She asked if we would like smoking or non-smoking room, and we adamently requested non-smoking.. . When we arrived to our room on a non-smoking floor, our room REEKED of smoke. We called the front desk - they said they'd send an "air purifier" up to the room - but we'd have to leave for 2-3 hours. Fine with us, because we were on our way to the pool to spend $18 A PIECE on margaritas.. . When we returned over 3 hours later, we were locked out of our room (even the maid couldn't get in) and we could still hear the purifier running. When we finallytracked someone down to open the room, we were blasted with the scent of stale smoke... yes, it was actually worse when we walked back in.. . Upon calling the front desk, the man we talked to couldn't have cared less that we were having trouble with our room. He ended up switching our room to another - after we had already unpacked all of our clothes. He assured us our key cards would work.. . When we got to our new room (carrying all of our hanging clothes, 2 suitcases, etc.)... the key cards didn't work. We stood in the hallway for 15 minutes waiting for another employee to open the door.. . All this, and we got absolutely nothing to compensate for our time/hassle switching rooms.. . The hotel was nice, but the first day left a bad taste in our mouths. We won't return.
Pros:. . Nicest hotel bathroom ive ever had the pleasure of using.  The tub, floor to ceiling windows, toilet, vanity, etc. WOW. Bed extremely comfortable. Service very good. Centrally located. . Cons:. . No real "luxury" luxury is often times a feeling and it just wasn't here at all. You have to bring cables to play music/plug in devices? Huh??? (no docking station). The electronic curtain and light thing is the biggest bunch of poorly functioning bullsh*t youve ever seen!!! Horrible. No wifi. Interior kinda feels like a mall, its cold and is pretty, but doesn't have a wow factor. . Nice, but i wouldnt go back.
Huge line at the reception desk, hidden fees, room wasn't clean well at all, and room service took 15 minutes longer than they estimated.  For this type of money, there are tons of better places in Vegas.. . The pool area is gorgeous though and the Sage restaurant had some of the best cocktails I've had as well as the most unique way to drink absinthe I have ever seen.
Is it just me or do you feel like your in the movie "Addams Family" I swear they meant to have the dealers blend into the back ground could be packed in the place and can't ever see the damn dealers. Change the poop brown uniforms.
City Center, Las Vegas and you find the Aria Hotel and Casino. Wikipedia describes the structure better than I can,  "The completed structure comprises two curvilinear glass towers, measuring 61 stories tall." and a walk to your room from the elevator to match.. . The rooms are nice with tasteful furnishings and posh looking bathrooms. The motorized sheer curtain and blackout curtain open to reveal windows floor to ceiling with a fantastic view of the strip. The amenities are about what you would expect, the standard shower gel, shampoo, conditioner and lotion. A nicety is they added a small kit with q-tips, cotton pads and even a sewing kit. The room was clean and everything was functional.. . The bad was the bed, as it is shaped like a "w" with sags on either side where people have slept over the years. There were also holes in the linens, perhaps I am nit-picking but for a hotel of this caliber [AAA Five Diamond] to have holes in linens is unforgivable. . . Finally the casino in general doesn't seem to circulate the air very well. Cigarette smoke can loom and you typically walk through a small cloud of it as you exit the guest elevators with the "Lift Bar" adjacent.. . Not counting Aria out completely, but there are a lot of other options at this price point as well.
Pros: got a good deal, great location, pastry shop is awesome, Sage Restaurant is superb. . . Cons: too busy, heavily used for conventions so massive crowds, room wasn't clean (dust all over desk and night stand), poor room lighting, low water pressure, exterior of windows need to be cleaned, confusing guest floor hallways, A/C was on skits, touch screen by night stand was junk, valet/taxi service inconveniently located.
What is up with the bad service? Check in is so terrible here. . . The lines are wayyy to long for a 5 diamond resort. I don't know why they are so long, because the check in process is absolutely routine, and there's nothing special about it. I gave up on the long line at check in, and went straight to the buffet. I mean hello, the brunch clock was ticking. After, I regretted that decision, because I was not checked in to charge brunch to my room to use up some credit I had. Sigh. . . Back at the now shorter line at check in, the front desk agent went through every motion possible and confined to ask me the same questions over and over again  because he did not listen my answer the first time. Like "is this your first visit?" Also- my friends had a room too, they just happened to wait in line with us, and the agent keep looking over at them as if we were going to cram them in our room. He even asked if they were with us (our room was a king size bed) and when my friends gave the room number, he had to comment on how high of a floor they were on as if that was a super big deal. Anyway, it was a "pleasant" experience, I guess. Just annoying.. . We have YET to experience any sort of "ta-da!" when we enter our for the first time. I have heard about that from other friends, has yet to happen here. This is my second visit at Aria. The wrong name is always on the display in our room. . . I will come back here for one reason and one reason only. THE BEDS. OMG. Amazing. They should just throw a mattress up in the casino next to a slot machine as a prize to win. I would play that all day in hopes of winning. You win Aria.
I stayed at the Aria hotel for two nights and overall it was a good experience. The one good thing about the Aria is that it's in the middle of the strip and it's a great location. The Crystal shops are great and the vibe of the hotel is awesome. I checked in and the clerk gave me a room that was on a very high floor and she said it was a great room. I walked in and the curtains automatically open and the TV turned on. I was impressed. Then I noticed the room had an overwhelming smell of cigarette smoke. It was unbearable. I had to request a different room. Which I was told my keys would just transfer and of course they didn't. I had to go all the way downstairs and wait in line. So the service wasn't that great. But the rooms are decent
