After reading so many great reviews about this place, I just had to give it a try. My experience was not as great as all the Hype. As soon as I arrived after circling the block looking for a place to park, I was greeted by a redicoulos wait in line, outside in the Arizona Blazing sun. Did I mention there is no shade and it"s HOT outside. As soon as you get inside and sit down, you'll realize it"s even hotter inside, then add in the humidity from everyone sweating cause it"s so crowded in there. Nothing like sweating your butt off as you eat your food! As for the food, it was good. Fried chicken was fantastic and the Macaroni and cheese is splendid! Unfortunetly I wasn't impressed with the waffles :( they wernt bad but not good either. My suggestion would be to visit this establishment during arizonas cooler months Nov-April unless you like sweat with your food.
The waffles are some of the best I've ever had. I'm not much of a fried chicken kinda guy so I can't tell you if thats any good. . . Customer service could be friendlier. We saw our waitress when she took our order and when she brought our food. She never checked up on us to ask if we needed any refills or anything else.. . Maybe the one in Scottsdale has better service.
I was visiting Phoenix for the first time and Yelped what seemed to be the best place to eat.  Lo-Lo's popped up towards the top of the list.  I've never had chicken and waffles before - I'm not a huge fan of fried chicken (waffles are OK), but wanted to try it out at least once.  This seemed like a good place to go....although I had a feeling the place was going to be overrated. . . While I don't know the Phoenix area well, the restaurant seemed to be located in the industrial boonies - the street looked a bit sketchy, and there was this ghettoish sign painted on a building pointing you to the way of Lo-Lo's.  There was plenty of street parking, and I don't recall seeing a parking lot.  It's a cute looking shop - shaped like a tiny house decorated with some neon lights.  . . The place is small - I recall about 6 or 7 tables and the restaurant had most of the tables occupied on a Friday night.  Definitely not a place for big groups unless you want to take over the entire restaurant.  It's a casual spot - waiter service is casual as well.  You don't have a dedicated waiter - they have 2 or 3 people on staff to help the customers as needed (which makes sense for such a small place).. . I'm not quite sure why, but it took us a little while to order - there were a decent amount of items on the menu, but because the menu items were mainly combinations of the same thing, we were confused on what/how to order.  For our party of 3, we ended up ordering (I think):  Baby Ray ($13 or 12), Lo-Lo's ($12 or 11), and Stupid Fries ($8).  This place should really be a $$ rating vs. $ - our total bill including tax ended up to be a bit over $40 including tax & tip.  This was just for 2 entrees and 1 appetizer.. . Food came in a reasonable amount of time - probably about 10 to 15 minutes.  Portions were reasonably sized - not too big or small.  We had 5 or 6 pieces of chicken and 4 or 5 waffles to share.  The chicken was OK - I didn't find anything special about it.  Meat was tender and the crust was OK.  It helped adding some hot sauce and vinegar to help enhance the flavor.  Waffles were OK - could have been a bit better if the outside was crispier.  . . Overall, this place was OK - it wasn't exactly a place to rave home about.  One of the people at our table compared it to Roscoe's and said it was about the same or Roscoe's was a bit better.
Come for chicken & waffles, stay for kool-aid in a mason jar, candied sweets, buttered grits... leave with diabetes.
Maybe I am missing out since I don't eat Chicken but I just don't get it.. . We arrived for lunch at 11:30 and had to wait outside for a table.  Once we had a table the menu was simple combos of chicken parts, eggs grits and waffles. Choose your combo and it has a number and a name.. . I had the Nay Nay $8 2 waffles 2 eggs and grits.  The waffles were nothing special at all and a bit under cooked in my book. The eggs were just eggs and the grits were soaked in butter and flavorless. If I am going for a hear attack at least I want to enjoy the taste, or get good value. . . My co workers also got a jar of kool-aid, this a diabedic shock inducing concoction that is so sweet it is viscous $2.50 with refills. . . I say go to say you tried it and that is about it.
Lo-Lo's is still at a solid 3 for me. I love the chicken and since my last review I have been back for to go orders several times. The service is fast and very friendly. I have since tried several different side Items, almost all of them I think.. . My top sides are;. . Buttered Corn outstanding 5 stars. Greens best I have had outside the house solid 5 stars. Mac and Cheese between a 4 and 5 just because some days it's on point and others it's just aight. . Smothered potatoes 4 stars. Candied yams 4 stars. Rice and gravy 2 stars the gravy was disappointing had bell pepper in it.. My least favorite Red beans and rice 1 star, I love red beans and rice but not with BBQ sauce yuck. . . I had a little problem with the desert. I love Red velvet cake but theirs is disappointing. I went on Saturday and saw that delicious mountain of a cake in the window and knew I had to have a slice. I got it home it tasted like cornbread?! WTF Someone messed up and made it wrong. I called they offered me another the next day but that one wasn't much better. The sock it to me cake was very sweet. . . My standing order will be Chicken, mac n cheese and greens from now on! I have yet to try a waffle since I have been getting to go orders I don't know how well a waffle will travel. I like the initial crispness to my waffles. I will be back to dine in one day and I will get a waffle. . . BTW the sweet tea is SWEEEEEEET!
The best thing about Lo-Lo's is the staff.  I think during our visit we managed to request the assistance from each staff member, lol.  I have to say although it was abusive on our part, I loved that accessibility.  It gave the place a down-home family feel! I also loved the mason jar motif, especially for the kool-aid (haven't had that since I was a child)!. . I didn't eat much because I wasn't that hungry, but I did get a waffle that was delish! Since I'm a veggie, the menu was kinda limited for me, so I kept asking "can you add something to the waffle?"  The waiter suggested pecans.  OMG! it was SO good.  My friends enjoyed their chicken and waffles.  My friend's mom didn't care for the grits, but we all loved her banana pudding.  It was the standout dish - well done.
We were told this place rivals Roscoe's so I had to give it a try. I'm a fan of Bonnie Jean's here in San Diego so this place has a lot to live up to. It is not as good as everyone says it is. The chicken was dry and the waffles weren't very flavorful. The sweet tea was way way way too sweet and the fried okra wasn't very good. The greens were delish and I did enjoy the wings that my friend shared with me. I also really liked the gizzards and gravy. The gravy is what gives this place a solid 3 stars...along with the very friendly wait staff!
Only been in there once a couple of years ago. It was somewhat crowded but comfortable...with that slightly divey feel. The food was good, no mistake there...almost reminiscent of Mrs. White's.. . BTW...I heard a rumor that Lo Lo's is somehow affiliated with Mrs. White's. Not sure if it's true but it's what I heard.
not a big fan of chicken and waffles... but this place was decent.
Food was very good but WOW this place is LOUD when it is busy.  Concrete walls reflect all of the sound and gave me a headache.  Never had this happen at a restaurant before.
Nice gingery dense thin waffles. Standard fried chicken. Didn't live up to the hype.
I don't want to be a snob, but coming from LA we were expecting some great things out of this place. First the wait was incredibly long, which started us off on the wrong foot. The place isn't incredibly big, but tables fill the middle portion, so we weren't sure why it took so long.. . Anyways onto the food. We decided to try their traditional fried chicken and waffles and were underwhelmed. The waffles were good (but how can you mess those up), but the chicken was decent. The pitfall was the gravy. I like gravy, but the gravy here was too much. My chicken was doused and drowning in it. I didn't get the fried chicken feel that I wanted. . . Best part about the place was the kool aid. We both forgot how good kool aid was. It was so good that the little one drank a quarter of the mason jug. Staff was friendly, but food was okay. Hopefully the other location is better.
the food was only okay.... if you're in the mood for comfort food it would hit the spot. the fried chicken and the cornbread (baked sweet, just the way I like it) are good and if I came back I would order those. however, the waffle was disappointing :-/ it was flimsy and soft, whereas I like my waffles to be crispy on the outside and thicker.. . the service here was OUTSTANDING. everyone from the hostess to the servers were extremely friendly and attentive and happily made us a custom drink (half sweet tea, half regular tea... bc the sweet tea alone is way too sweet!).
I visited the Central location late in the afternoon when it was about half-full. The styling of the restaurant was modern and there was a good ambiance. We decided to sit on the patio and were seated promptly. . We came hungry, so we started with chili cheese fries which came out promptly and were dressed with a good balance of cheese and chili. I ordered the waffle and fried chicken breast combo with a side a string beans. And I waited at least 30 minutes for it to arrive. The waffle was a bit soft, while I prefer my waffles crispy on the outside. The chicken and green beans, however, were spot on.. Lo-Lo's will be a go-to spot for comfort food, but the slow service will make me think twice about going.
Being from Cali our go to Chicken and Waffles place is Roscoe's. But Lolo's seems to be a hit out here. . . Fun restaurant with good service and cute decor. Food wise, the waffle at Roscoe's is better. The waffle here was a little more doughy and not as flavorful. Chicken here is better though, crispy on the outside moist inside and flavorful but not salty. The "dranks" here are crazy sweet, I asked for a cup to pour out half my sweet tea and diluted it with half a glass of water lol. Same goes for the lemonade. The grits, mac and cheese and cornbread are yummy. Would love to come back and try some more side dishes!
OK, I have made it to the shirne, the taj mahal, the paradise of chicken and waffles places in Phoenix.  Or at least that's what all the reviews said I should think of the place.. . Yeah, I found it OK.. . Have i had better friend chicken?  Yes, many times.. . Have I had better waffles?  Yes, many times.. . But have Iever had chicken and waffles in the same meal?  No, and for that I give them a star.. . Personally, I found the chicken over cooked and too salty.  Yes, it is very fresh, crispy and piping hot.  . . I found the waffles just average.  I started to think that maybe no one makes waffles at home anymore, because from my point of view the waffles are just as good at my house.. . I did have a side of sting beans and red potatoes.  The beans definately looked like they came out of an institutional can, not fresh.  However, I have to say mushy as they were, they were pretty good and a surprise tastiness considering their appearence.. . The location was easy to find, I even found street parking.. . The staff was a big plus.  They are ever present and attentive, very freindly and helpful. Worth another full star. The decor is simple and the interior was very clean and bright.. . So for iced tea, three pieces of chicken, two waffles, beans and potatoes and a slice of red velvet cake to take home, my bill with tip was $30.  For me that was a bit pricey and may not be worth it.  I will give it another shot again later, when I can take someone else to get their opinion.
We actually went to the one on Scottsdale and Indian School. YUM OLA. What fun, delicious food!. . Waffles were yummy and paired with juicy, chicken, cooked just right. Great pricing at $7. Casual, lively atmosphere. Can't go wrong for a quick, easy bite. . . Super FRIENDLY service. Will be going back!
I don't get all the hype surrounding chicken and waffles.  This is my second time trying it and I liked the waffle, and I liked the fried chicken, I just didn't think the combination was as orgasmic as other people seem to.  On another note, the corn bread is delicious!
i really wanted to love this place but i gotta say it wasnt as great as some people pump it up to be .....dont get me wrong the food was good but not mind blowing
I have heard talk and praise for Lo Lo's from many sources for the last two or three years, and have been wanting to have an opportunity to try it out nearly all of that time.  Unfortunately, they are not located close to where I live, work, or most often go when I don't have other business to attend to.  I recently had a performance to attend that took me not far from Lo Lo's, and by leaving work a little early figured I could finally try it out before the show.. . Most online pictures of the outside are completely obsolete because they have undergone major renovations, and their old building has been destroyed to make room for parking lot.  The service was fine.  I must have got there at a good time, because I was immediately seated.  The staff was attentive, and the food came out quickly.. . Finally getting a long awaited chance to experience the legend, I decided to get the signature items they are famous for: chicken and waffles.  I got the two thighs and one waffle combination.  One of the smaller options on their menu, but plenty big to do detectable damage to my waistline.  They have quite a large number of other items and combinations on their menu, so this review can't speak to those.  Only the ones on the sign outside.  I didn't even try their $3 glass of kool-aid (they actually let you know you're paying $3 for kool-aid, which is incredibly cheap to make).  No, I only had water to soften the expected blow of stepping on the scale the next day.. . The chicken was good.  That's all I can really say about it.  Just good.  However, given all the praise heaped on this place, "good" left me very disappointed.  I was expecting excellent, outstanding, amazing, unique, clever, inspired, daring, exotic, etc.  No, this was basic fried chicken.  It tasted like fried chicken you might get at a supermarket deli counter, or at an all-you-can-eat buffet trough.  Grab a piece of raw chicken, dip it in egg wash, dip it in flour, and throw it in the fryer.  I couldn't even dectect any spices in the batter.  The least they could do is try to beat KFC, and not just match Hometown Buffet and call it good.. . The waffle on the other hand really was excellent.  It had a suggestion of cinnamon that was noticeable without being dominating.  The generous whipped butter they put on it had its own kind of magic.  The syrup brought it all together just right, and was amazingly served in what turned out to be the perfect quantity.  I very much enjoyed every bite of my waffle.  It's hard to say if they are using mediocre chicken to get you to better appreciate your waffle, or if they are using excellent waffles to push their mediocre chicken.. . I had to find a special occasion that brought me to the area, and leave work a little early to have a chance to try Lo Lo's.  I won't put in that effort again.  I might go back, especially if it's with a group, but I will probably stick with the waffle and try other menu items besides the chicken.
This review would easily be five stars if it was based on food alone.The combination of waffles and fried chicken is amazing. It is truly fried southern goodness. We also ordered some cornbread to hold us over until the food got there and it was perfectly made.. . We were there during the Sunday morning brunch rush, but the wait actually wasn't that bad.Unfortunately, the service, which wasn't great when it was the small house got much worse with the upgraded structure. The new building is great and the music really compliments the ambiance as well. Our drink order came out wrong (ice tea instead of hot tea) and when we told the server, she never fixed it. She took an additional 10 minutes to get our order after that. Once we got our meal, she never returned to ensure it was correct either. We asked for our check and ten minutes later she asked us if we wanted dessert and we had to ask for our check again. Eventually we got it from another server. It's a shame that the service doesn't reflect the quality of the food.
LoLos was highly recommended by my coworkers so I decided to take a date there. It was ok, nothing special. I'd say the hype was overblown, to be honest. I mean, the palce is exactly what it says -- chicken and waffles. I can heat up some Tyson chicken strips, toast 4 Strawberry Eggos and save myself the gas. The sweet tea was good (served in a mason jar if I recall correctly), but I can't give the place more than 3 stars since chicken and waffles seems hardly innovative.
Since my original review the location has been renovated to accommodate more people and has been modernized. . . Although to me it has lost the charm that the smaller locale had, the food is the same great tasting chicken and waffles, grits, catfish, etc. and wait staff is nice and attentive.
Holy crap this place is expensive for being in the hood. I had a catfish samich with Mac and cheese and a drink  $20.45 without tip. Ya go to church's or Popeye's if your on Obama care.
